tusk by Kevin Smith base on a story from smodcast 259 : the Walrus & the carpenter by Kevin Smith and Scott mosier second draft 7/23/13 smodcast picture int winnipeg passport control - day there 's a line of about a hundred people . wallace be direct to a open window to a wait border agent . border agent what bring you to manitoba ? wallace a bed and breakfast . border agent they do not have bed and breakfast in America anymore ? wallace I be review this one for a podcast . border agent see , now I have be hearing lot about this pot-cacast from the young kid . what be it ? wallace podcast ? they be like home - grow radio show . anyone can do ‘em . mine 's call '' pillow pant '' . it 's a travelogue . I go out and see the world then I come home and tell my shut - in friend all about it . border agent be he crippled ? wallace uhm ... no. I mean ... emotionally , maybe . he 's kind of a ' fraidy - cat . border agent and you be mister bravey beaver , be ya 's ? wallace ( bemuse ) be that what they call it up here ? border agent no. ( hand he back he stuff ) welcome to Canada . ext quaint winnipeg home - day a rental car pull up and we hear the faint sound of a obnoxious smart phone ring tone ( " aw ! aw ! aw ! ooo- ah ! ooo- ah ! c'mon now ! more margharitas ! " ) . we can see wallace check he phone , not answer it , and put it in he pocket . finally , wallace get out of the car and approach the house with he bag in hand , climb up the porch step . ext porch of quaint winnipeg home - same wallace knock on the front door . no answer . he locate the doorbell and ring it . no answer . int quaint winnipeg home - same we be look at wallace who 's peer through the window , knock . wallace hello ? ext porch of quaint winnipeg home - same wallace stop knock . he turn to face the street , perplex . he leave he bag on the porch and head into the street , look up at the house . wallace ( cont 'd ) hello ? voice of neighbor hello there yourself , young fella . wallace turn to see a neighbor exite he yard , close he gate behind he , greeting wallace with a envelope . neighbor they be not home . wallace Excuse I ? neighbor the mcKenzy hadda go oot of town . wallace be you shittin’ I ? neighbor oh , a american . be not that something ? welcome to Canada . the neighbor hand wallace a envelope . neighbor ( cont 'd ) Mrs. McKenzie tell I to keep a eye oot for you and when you get here , I 's to give you this . wallace open the envelope and quietly read the letter . wallace no ! no , no , n‘oh ... man ! wallace shake he head , way too frustrated . he kick he suit case , piss off . after a beat , he say to neighbor ... wallace ( cont 'd ) you neighbor be swinger , okay ? I do not wanna be a tattle - tale , but ... I only come to Canada just so I can have a story about swinging with Canadian ! and they leave . I fly a couple thousand mile to have sex with stranger , and now they be not even home . ( unable to spreak , ' till ) I be sorry . I be just really piss off . where the fuck could they have possibly go ? neighbor Mrs. McKenzie 's Mom have a massive heart attack last night . so ... wallace shut up , feel like a dick . the neighbor stand there for a awkward beat . then ... neighbor ( cont 'd ) anyway , I deliver the letter . the neighbor shrug and lumber back to he house , leave wallace alone in the middle of the street . int bar —- night on a laptop screen , we see a orbitz- type travel web site . los angele be type in a destination window . wallace and he suitcase be sit at the bar . he swig he beer wait for travel search result . older patron play dart behind he as wallce select a number on he smart phone and press send . he check the laptop screen again . then , via the phone , we hear ... phone voice a , my name be ally . L , leave a message . wallace ( after the beep ) heeeyyy . it 's I . I be in winnipeg . in a bar call ... ( check napkin ) '' bar h . '' ( sigh ; then ... ) I be think about what you say yesterday and ... I be not gonna go through with it . I be not gonna swing with the swinger . I do not even go to they house . I be on the plane and I realize ... this be love . I get a 24 karat case of love . for you . call I back . wallace end the call . after a beat , he hit another number . teddy message v.o. ( voice mail ) this be teddy . gimme head -y . wallace ( leave message ) hey , man . the swinger thing be a epic fail . I get no sex , no story , just ... nothing . so piss right now . anyway , I be sit in a bar , look for a flight home , but ... I feel like I gotta find something weird to do while I be up here , y'know ? I can not come all this way and then go home empty-hand . there 's gotta be something kooky in Canada - something so fuck up it will save this trip . if I find it , I will call you . ' till then , this be I , signing off from the great White North . to end the call , he sing the " coo loo coo coo , coo coo coo coo ! " of Bob and Doug McKenzie . int bar bathroom - night wallace drag he suitcase into the bathroom with he and sidle up to a urinal . above the urinal be a community corkboard , with all manner of shit pin to it for the discern reader take a leak : the sport page , a few help want ad , some room for Rent flyer , etc . as he piss , wallace look up at the cork board , take it all in . then , he spy something unique pin to the board . wallace 's Pov : the hand - written word adventure it 's there , hide under too many posting over posting . wallace move some of the staple bar theme night ad and newspaper clipping to reveal a handwritten handbill . different than everything else stick to the corkboard , it be as if the handbill be from another , better age . Care be put into this document . across the top of the paper , in larger letter : a life of adventure , with stories to tell ! wallace be intrigue . he peer closer at the paper above the urinal , read the flawless cursive , as we hear a v.o. a life of adventure hello ! I be a old man who have enjoy a long and storey life at sea . from the fjord of Norway to the bering Strait , I be a proud canadian who have travel a peculiar path lo 's this many year . wallace zip up and keep read . a life of adventure ( cont ’d ) and after eon of oceanic adventure , I find myself a land - lubber , with manitoba as my final port . but as a shipwreck survivor who once spend six month with no human contact , I know I do not wish to spend my remain year alone in a giant house will to I by a grandfather I never know . not when I have such storey to share ! wallace take the ad off the pin-board . ext 7 - 11 - night from outside the convenience store , we can see wallace on he phone as carry a Big gulp to the counter . wallace tonight would be amazing , sir . thank you , yes . where be I go ? wallace start miming to the clerk that he need a pen and paper . the clerk oblige while ringing up wallace 's order . wallace write down a address , rip off the paper and hand the pad and pen back to the clerk , ask ... wallace ( cont 'd ) how far be bifrost from here . clerk bifrost near morweena . two hour . wallace ( into phone ) guy here say I be two hour away . you sure it 's not too late for you ? ( beat ; smile ) I will . thank you . ext winnipeg highway - night wallace 's rental car tool down the empty highway - no headlight come at he , none behind he . teddy message v.o. ( voice mail ) this be teddy . gimme head -y . int car - same wallace drive , bark into he cell after the beep . wallace it 's I . I think I get something better than the swinger , dude . but do I a favor : go back into next week 's show and pull out that shit I say about allison be jealous , please . I do not need the headache . he hang up and sip on he Big gulp , glance at the gps on the dash which indicate 50 mile from the destination . beside it be the handbill . we hear the rest of the text . a life of adventure ad ( v.o. ) so to this end , I be offer a room for rent in my stately woodland home . this arrangement will be free of charge , provide you perform the simple household chore I can no longer tend to from the confines of this curse wheelchair : menial task I use to do for myself , ' till age rob I of the simple pleasure . but though I may be old , I have live ! I watch saigon fall ! I make love in a African sex colony ! and I will tell you all about my many adventure , in vivid detail . wallace smile at this notion . ext manitoba highway - night the rental car whip over we , speed into the night . ext rural manitoba road - later a full moon overhead be about the only light available beyond wallace 's headlight . the rental slow at what look like a long , dark driveway in the wood . int car — same the gps on the dash indicate we have get about another mile . wallace peer out he windshield at the dark driveway . ext rural manitoba road —- same the rental car turn down the dark driveway and darkness swallow all but the vehicle 's tail light . ext bifrost wood - same the rental travel a wood trail that 's more path than road . int car - same wallace peer into the darkness , look for he destination . when wallace see the house , we hear ... gps voice you have arrive at destination . wallace 's Pov : the mansion in the wood they do not make ‘em like this anymore . a porch light go on , act as a beacon in the darkness . ext bifrost wood - same the rental car drive past a stone monument overgrown with weed , but still legible . it read chapel hill . ext chapel hill - same we be on the big porch , look out at wallace 's car as it slowly pull toward we . then , in the foreground , a wheelchair roll into view . we be over the shoulder of a older man . int car — same now we be over wallace 's shoulder , look at the man in the wheelchair on the welcoming porch . ext chapel hill - same push in on the old man in the wheelchair . though he 's surround by tree and forest , he call to mind ( in demeanor and dress ) a dignify 19th century sea captain - like rex Harrison in the ghost and Mrs. muir . he 's well - groom . effete , almost . but the line in he face tell a tale of a life live to the fullest . balance on the arm of he chair be a serve tray , complete with a pot of tea and two tea cup . the car stop . wallace climb out of the car with he Super Big gulp , smile up at the man . wallace mister howe ? howe Howard . wallace mister Howard ? howe ( chuckle ) it 's always a french bedroom farce when people get entangle with my name for the first time . ( extend hand ) Howard howe . and while '' mister howe " be absolutely appropriate , I prefer the intimacy of Howard . wallace Howard . howe smash . and with that unpleasantness out of the way , may I welcome you to Chapel Hill . ( extend tea cup ) would you like some tea ? wallace I would . but first ... ( show empty Big gulp ) can I use you bathroom ? int bathroom —- night wallace stand above the toilet , take a loooooc0000ng piss . he look around at the bathroom decor . wallace 's Pov : the water closet DECOR it resemble ye Old curiosity shoppe in Seattle . bizarre oddity and image of thing that should not be be fix to the wall of the tiny room from floor to ceiling . over here , a giant set of shark jaw . over there , a Zuni fetish doll . there 's a antique photo of a man and a native tribe , with a kill native hang upside down beside he . wallace look more closely at this : yep , the man in the photo shot and kill a native . wallace raise he eyebrow at this until something else catch he attention . wallace 's Pov : the toilet paper doll there 's a knitted toilet paper cozy that 's design to look like a dress be wear by the doll stand in the roll . the doll 's glassy eye seem to stare back at wallace - which unnerve he . since he 's stand pissing , the doll 's at crotch height , seemingly watch he urinate . bother , wallace turn the doll around to face the wall instead . ext bathroom - night wallace exit the bathroom . howe ( from another room ) in here , mister Brighton . wallace head toward the fireplace - light room , pass all manner of dead creature of the sea mount on the wall , each keep life - like through taxidermy . int study - same wallace enter to find mister howe pull up to a small table with a empty chair beside it . he sip he tea as the fire crackle behind he . above the fireplace be what appear to be a long , bone - like branch , mount with care . howe ( cont ’d ) all better ? wallace thank you . 10 . howe my second wife use to say '' Rather saint than sin , better out than in . " of course , she be talk about gas . wallace ah . of course . howe ( pour tea ) dear Lord , that woman be the most flatulent creature God ever create . and I say that have spend , at one point in my youth , a summer tend cattle . it be like live with a tuba player who could only blow one foul note . ( hand he tea ) do you find the water closet satisfactory ? wallace ( take tea ) yes , thank you so much . I be hold it for half the ride . howe we selection of tree do not tempt you inner canine ? wallace ( look at the wall art ) I be a little too spook to get out of the car in the middle of nowhere . howe never be ashamed of fear , mister Brighton . fear be the unelected governor that keep we action moral . wallace who say that ? howe I do . just now . ( sip tea ; then ... ) so I must say that you phone call intrigue I . wallace well ... 11 . wallace pull the bathroom ad from he pocket . wallace ( cont 'd ) you handbill intrigue I . howe but do I understand you correctly on the phone ? you be not look for a live arrangement ? wallace no , I live in Los Angeles . howe oh my Lord . the City of angel . wallace well , I have never see any myself . more the opposite , really . howe devil be a dime a dozen . my grandma mimsy would tell we '' one need not go very far to find Hell in a hand basket . " wallace my grandma use to say '' Hell be you child . " howe how droll . what a interesting woman she must have be , eh ? wallace now she be flatulent . ( off the wall content ) she hang lot of stuff on she wall , too - just like you . but nothing as interesting . ( point to painting ) what 's this ? howe ( squint to see ) that 's the only know eyewitness painting of the halifax explosion . wallace right on . howe you have not the foggiest notion what that be , have you ? 12 . wallace ( smile , catch ) no . howe it be the large man-made explosion on earth before the atomic bomb . the catastrophe happen long before I be even bear , on December 6 , 1917 . a french cargo ship load with wartime explosive - the s.s. mont - blanc - collide with the norwegian vessel imo in a strait off the halifax harbour . the fire on board the french craft ignite she deadly cargo and set off a cataclysmic explosion that devastate the nova scotian city . 2,000 people be kill , 9,000 other be injure . wallace oh my God ... howe so intense be the blast that the result tsunami wipe out the mi’kmaw first Nations people who have live around tuft 's cove for century . a mighty , ancient people incinerate and drown by a mightier and very modern boom . White or dark -skin , the explosion fail to discriminate . the mont - blanc be atomize by temperature of five thousand degree . White - hot shard of iron rain down on halifax for ten minute and the harbour floor be briefly expose by the sheer volume of instantly vaporize water . wallace and the person who paint this be actually there when it happen ? howe I be afraid no one who be there when it happen live to tell the tale . the artist be a member of the Fire Brigade from neighbor Dartmouth , who be among the first on the scene , one hour after detonation . 13 . howe point to a detail in the picture . howe ( cont ’d ) look closely at the stand building nearest the harbor . do you see the window ? wallace be that dead body hang out of the window ? howe yes . some be even headless . you see , everyone in town hear that two ship have collide . and nobody know the mont-blanc be not only pregnant with a lethal cargo but also moment from ignition - so people be hang out of they window stare at the sea when the blast strike . even my grandparent . and my Father would have certainly be kill that day along with he parent ... have they not send he to board school a week prior . ( off painting ) so every day , I look at this image and think how close I come to never even be bear . and it make I thankful to still be alive , decrepit though I may be . wallace wow . you can spin a helluva yarn , mister howe . howe please . it 's Howard . howe roll he wheelchair along the wall as he orate , allow better view of he collection . howe ( cont ’d ) my life line this wall , mister Brighton . so every day , I study the wall as a reminder that I have survive the long and treacherous journey to the security of this house and this chair . and while I cannot boast of function leg to keep I ambulatory , the Lord have see fit to at least leave I with a work memory , so that I can relive all of my many adventure . 14 . wallace ( sit ) and it 's that adventure I be interested in , mister howe . howe Howard . on the phone , you say you be not so much interested in the room as you be I personally . wallace yes . I see this . ( pull post from pocket ) I be only in town for the night and you ad really capture my imagination . howe oh ? wallace you talk about share storey . well I be a story - teller by trade . howe you be a writer ? wallace I be a podcaster . howe good Lord , what on earth be that ? wallace it 's kinda of a radio show that 's not on the radio . it sound like ... int podcast studio - day Studio be a generous term . the wall be fill with frame poster and artwork promote a podcast duo call pillow pant . each piece depict the podcast host in various comic interpretation , a ’la comedy record cover . some advertise old live appearance , some be frame award from stitcher.com , some boast of itune podcast chart placement . wallace ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) so I be asleep in my hotel room and I get wake up by this rumbling outside my door . teddy ( 0.c . ) and it be the rapture . 15 . wallace ( 0.c . ) I wish . I be not religious , but I wanna be with Jesus . if he can turn a bottle of wine into a thousand bottle of wine , who know what kinda magic he can work with weed ? teddy ( 0.c . ) it all come back to weed with you . finally reveal wallace , wear headphone , smoking a joint , bark into a microphone . wallace so I get up and look through the peep-hole and the guy across the hall order so much room service , it take six cockadoody cart to deliver all that shit . teddy be he have a party ? wallace that 's what I think . ' cause if he be , I be ready to crash ! int HOTEL room - black & white flashback Story -wallace peer through he peephole as wallace narrate . wallace ( v.0 . ) so I be try to see who answer the door , all stare through the peep-hole , watch like a creepy fuckin’ podiatrist ... black & white flashback wallace 's Pov : 6 cart and 6 Bell - Men block we fish - eye view of the hallway through the peephole . teddy ( v.o. ) podiatrist ? wallace ( v.o. ) like to catch a predator . int podcast studio - day teddy chuckle , correct the smoking wallace . teddy pederast . 16 . wallace what would I say ? teddy '' Foot doctor . '' wallace well the guy who take out my planter 's wart in high school be a asshole so motherfuck a podiatrist , too . int HOTEL room - black & white flashback Story -wallace peer through he peephole as wallace narrate . teddy ( v.o. ) so who answer the door ? wallace Fucking midget . black&white flashback wallace 's Pov : a little person he barely see over the room service cart as he answer the door , wear the too-long - for-him complimentary hotel robe . teddy ( v.o. ) no ! wallace ( v.0 . ) one little guy , six cart of food . int podcast studio - day teddy and wallace wrap up they recording . teddy and there it be , folk . wallace go roamin '' in ol ' Wyoming . I would like to thank this intrepid motherfucker for go place and see and do thing that lot of we - I include - would never do in a million year . wallace I do it for shut - in , sir . I do it for all the legendary puss-hole like you who be too scared to live the great adventure of life . so count on I to sniff out the shit that 's more real than real and come back to tell you all about it . teddy next week , Mr. more Real than Real head up to Canada , eh! look out , you crazy canuck : something weird - ass this way come . a rowdy road trip across the great White North with wanderin’ wallace . until then , this be teddy Croft ... wallace and this be wallace Brighton say it 's a big , bad world out there , so put on you pillow pant . int study - night 17 . howe be chuckle like he 's trading in bawdy humor . wallace nod , shrugging . howe you can actually say that thing without repercussion ? wallace the audience like it real and raunchy , so I try to keep it real and raunchy . and real raunchy . howe the freedom you generation enjoy ... wallace ( sip he tea ) can I just tell you how good this tea be ? and I be not a tea person . howe we be all of we tea people . but the secret be to soak the leave in a bottle of brandy before steeping . wallace you can not lose with booze . howe '' always do sober what you would do drunk . that will teach you to keep you mouth shut . '' wallace hemingway say that . howe yes he do . to I . wallace you know Ernest hemingway ? howe we meet in normandy . wallace you be there for D - Day ?! howe I be there before D - Day , when it be just call operation Neptune . wallace Holy ... you be on the beach ?! howe I be on a boat . as be Ernie - who be deem '' precious cargo '' by that in charge and prohibit from join the incursion . and this vex monsieur hemingway , to say the least . you see , he so enjoy hunt the big game . the big deadly . and what bigger , deadlier game than a Nazi ? except perhaps a Nazi 's nag wife . Howard howe let 's out a foppish laugh , as if he comment be the height of impropriety . wallace dutifully chuckle in response , sip he tea . howe ( cont 'd ) so , bar from join the invasion , hemingway go to the kitchen in search of alcohol . int ship' kitchen - black & white flashback Close on a young ernest hemingway in the kitchen doorway . a gangly wide - eye teenager , alone in the kitchen with mountain of potato and a peeler in hand stare at hemingway as he knock down empty bowl . howe ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and the only soul in sight to oblige he be a sixteen year old potato peeler on k.p. duty . 19 . wallace ( v.0 . ) get out of town ! the teenager pull a secret bottle of canadian Club from a potato sack and hand it to hemingway . hemingway smile , uncork , and guzzle , slapping the kid on the back . howe ( v.o. ) I proffer for hemingway a bottle of canadian Club - or C.C. as we call it then . and i’1l never forget what he do next : a otherworldly smile crawle across the man 's face , so slowly it be as if it be not a smile so much as a caterpillar . then he slap I on the back and declare I a '' Kitchen witch of only good fortune . " int study - night wallace be delighted by howe 's historical tale . wallace that 's just nut , man ! howe we drank C.C. in the kitchen and from she porthole window , we watch Hell in the surf . and when the report come back of how many boy die on omaha that day , hemingway say to I '' always do sober what you would do drunk . it will teach you to keep you mouth shut . '' wallace that 's incredible , sir . howe no , that 's just a story . if you look to the leave of the fireplace , you will see the incredible aspect . wallace get out of he chair , with just the slight detectable sway - so slight he do not even recognize it himself . he round he chair as howe turn he wheelchair to face the fireplace . Inside a glass case affix to the wall be a empty , old bottle of canadian Club . wallace peer at it . 20 . wallace this be the coolest thing I have ever see ... howe oh , it 's just a empty old bottle . but when combine with the story ? then it 's a powerful talisman - a doorway to another time and place . a drawbridge to history . wallace eye the long , bone - like branch mount above the fireplace . he turn to howe and ask ... wallace what 's this ? howe ( wheeling over ) ahhhh ! just like I , you have get a eye for the unfamiliar and the curiosity of a cat . it will take you very far in life . ( stop chair ) that be the baculum of a walrus . the alaskan call it a oosik . wallace ( run finger over it ) so it 's like a walrus spine ? howe more like a walrus cock . wallace withdraw he hand . howe chuckle . howe ( cont 'd ) ooo , I be a dirty boy , be not I ? wallace this be a walrus dick ? howe no , my dear boy . the baculum be the bone find in the penis of most placental mammal but absent in human . it be in aid of sexual intercourse , help the animal maintain sufficient ... stiffness during coital penetration . 21 . wallace you get something like this between you leg , you do not need any help with coital penetration . Jesus ! that lucky fuckin’ walruse ... howe canine have baculum as well . feline , raccoon . in some culture , the raccoon baculum be wear as a charm for fertility . wallace a boner-bringer . howe giggle like a schoolboy , tickle by the light smut . howe you be a rapscallion of the high order , mister Brighton . ( off the oosik ) but you be right to admire the walrus . it be the most noble of God 's creature - far more evolve than any so-called human be I have ever encounter . present company exclude , of course . I try to speak ill only of that out of ear-shot . wallace ( off oosik ) where do you buy something like this ? a head shop ? ba-dum - —bum . howe I do not purchase this oosik . one could almost say this oosik purchase I . wallace '' the wand choose the wizard . '' howe what a delightful expression . I shall add that to my collection of thing to say so as to distract from my woeful stupidity and boring demeanor . wallace ( throw back tea ) I have meet plenty of stupid , mister howe ... 22 . howe Howard . wallace ( pour another tea ) you be anything but stupid . and like the polar opposite of boring . ( off oosik ) do you use to hunt walruse ? howe oh , good heavens no . that would be as senseless as hunt a indian fakir or a tribal Medicine man . there be a souvenir market for the walrus oosik , of course , where they can fetch anywhere from one hundred to eight thousand dollar apiece , depend on the size and rarity . utterly barbaric . can you imagine another species hawk you John Thomas as a conversation piece . wallace not mine . but I get a friend who 's hang like a oosik . so maybe he . howe ( hand wallace he tea ) you be a scandal , mister Brighton . wallace smile at the compliment and sip he tea anew . howe wheel closer to the fireplace , eyeing the oosik as wallace plop down in he chair . wallace so where would you come across the walrus dick ? pun intend . howe blushes , giggle . wallace chortle , take a swallow or two of he tea . howe this particular oosik belong to a walrus I become acquainted with while lose at sea . wallace stare at howe for a beat . then ... wallace you be kid . 23. howe ( wheeling back to he ) in 1959 , I be back on a boat . this time in the Gulf of anadyr on the southern coast of the siberian chukchi Peninsula . wallace finish he tea . as he lean forward in he seat to listen intently , he appear a touch groggy . howe ( cont ’d ) this be perhaps the best year of my life , when my culinary capability in small , sea-fare kitchen act as my passport to the world . and it be my magic with a halibut that earn I the cook 's position on the anastasia and she expedition into Soviet water . wallace so be this like cold War stuff ? howe we go in search of the legendary siberian great White . wallace a great white shark ?! no way ! howe '' the whale eater '' be what the Russians call the hungry god - repute to be 25 foot in length , with at least three ton on he . wallace do you find it ? howe ( smile sadly ) we find only death . off the chukchi Peninsula , in the inky heart of the night , the anastasia collide with a iceberg . ext the sea at night - black & white flashback the slightly older , less gangly howe burst from the water , gasp for air . fading light flicker across he face . we be over young howe 's shoulder as he bob tread water , watch the anastasia sink into the sea in the distance . 24 . howe ( v.o . ) the ship sink within minute . I know because I watch she disappear into the black Russian sea . I hear the crew 's scream silence in the siberian brine . int study - night as if on cue , we hear some animal howling in the distance . wallace raise he eyebrow . howe chuckle . howe delicious timing . wallace ( chuckle nervously ; then ) what happen after the boat sink ? howe I be alone . ( recite ) '' alone , alone , all , all alone , alone on a wide , wide sea ! and never a saint take pity on my soul in agony . " wallace the rime of the ancient Mariner . howe well -remember , mister Brighton . when the scream stop , I think I might be alone . until something swim very close to I . something fast and frightening . ( recite again ) '' the many man , so beautiful ! and they all dead do lie : and a thousand , thousand slimy thing live on ; and so do I . " wallace ( tired but engage ) how scared be you when this be all happen ? howe I do not mind confess I be terrify . you have likely be scared many time in you life , mister Brighton , but I have wager you have never know true terror . 25 . wallace 's eyelid droop a bit then go wide , as wallace try to stay awake . howe ( cont ’d ) we be scared of what we do not know . but terror ? that come from a sudden and unwanted knowledge of the unknowable - even for a moment . and I become intimately familiar with terror for hour that night , as I swim . I kick at the water and stroke for I know not where . it be so pitch black , I could see no eventual purchase on the horizon for my weary , wet bone . indeed , I do not even see my own hand as they pierce the water , over and over . all I could do be swim deeper into the ebony void and pray that whatever brush my leg be now feast upon the rest of the expedition crew instead . and then ... I lose consciousness . wallace sweet whistling Christ ... howe I wake up on the shore of a tiny island , regurgitate sea water , discombobulate beyond belief . ext remote beach - black & white flashback flashback howe wake in the surf , the tide lap at he . he look around desperate , semi-conscious . howe ( v.o . ) but when I finally climb to my foot , I see the sweetest sight my orb have ever take in : I see my sweet savior - the charon who would escort I across the River styx . then , the young , soak howe go soft when he see ... flashback wallace 's Pov : a walrus with tusk he look at we and snort non-threateningly . howe ( v.o. ) I see a walrus . 26 . int study - night wallace lean forward in he chair , delighted . wallace a walrus ? no fuck way , pardon my french ! a walrus save you life ? howe a walrus make my life , mister Brighton . make it worth live again . wallace 's eye droop close and snap back open . howe 's voice be like a hypnotic trance and whatever 's in the tea be not help matter . howe pour another cup for wallace . howe ( cont ’d ) this curious fellow loom over I , with tusk as tall as scylla and charibdys , easily a thousand pound my better . yet he be as gentle as a milk cow , when he use he blubbery body to keep I warm - as if I be a newborn chick , you see . wallace unbelievable ! howe and while I could never know how he be address in he native tongue amongst he marine brethren , I start call he after the only authority figure I would ever truly trust in my life : a janitor at a boy 's home where I spend some time whose name be mister tuskegee . howe hand wallace the cup of tea , smile . howe ( cont ’d ) so I call my walrus friend ... mister tusk . wallace mister tusk ? that 's cu ... cute . howe cute be for chinese baby , mister Brighton . my walrus companion be beautiful . never have I have such a fulfil friendship with anyone - human or otherwise . 27 . wallace be now notice something 's wrong with he . wallace 's Pov : howe through fucked - up eye it 's a drunk or drugge perspective of howe speak . howe ( cont 'd ) and for six glorious month of my life , I be at utter peace - and I know the only bliss this wretch life have ever afforded I . wallace drop he tea cup and steady himself in he chair . he struggle to stand and fall forward onto the floor . wallace wha 's ... what would you ... do ... wallace 's Pov : howe have the oosik in he hand now still in he wheelchair , howe suddenly have the oosik from the mantle lay across he lap . wallace try to scream but he can not . and as hard as he fight it , he body 's shutting down . he struggle to get up but gravity 's defeat he drugge system . howe extend the oosik to wallace on the floor , graze wallace 's face as he struggle to stay conscious . wallace 's Pov : drugged and dimming the oosik dangle over we . Beyond it , in soft focus that 's get softer and darker by the second , we see the old man hold the oosik , comforting we . the last thing we see be howe say softly ... howe there , there . it will be all right ... ( beat ) mister tusk . fade to black . int podcast studio - day teddy and wallace wrap up the show . wallace and this be wallace Brighton say it 's a big , bad world out there , so put on you pillow pant . 28 . the pair be silent for a beat as teddy stop the recorder . teddy clear . wallace ( stand ) that suck . teddy it be funny . I be shocked you get anything out of trip to Wyoming . wallace I use to find fuck up shit anywhere I go . but after two hundred episode , it 's get harder . and the coattail - riding copycat do not help either . teddy fuck he and he '' abracatravel ! " wallace abracatravel . why 's that dick gotta do a travel podcast like we all the sudden anyway ? abracatravel piece of shit ... teddy speak of , when’re you leave ? wallace tomorrow . teddy where be it again ? montreal ? wallace winnipeg . teddy what 's there ? wallace a b&b run by a swinger couple . teddy oh , Canada . Close you leg , eh ! wallace wanna see a selfie of the happy couple ? 29 . wallace scroll through some photo on hide phone and hand it to teddy , who promptly go wide - eye at what he see . teddy 's Pov : a arty selfie of the couple both be stand and the guy hold the camera high to take a pic of he and he lady . the woman be turn away from camera , look over she shoulder , jutting she ass a bit . stick out of she ass be what look like a fox tail . teddy be that a tail ? wallace that 's a faux - fox - tail butt -plug . teddy wowwwww . .« wallace she say she 's get every kind of animal tail they ever stick on a butt plug : dog , raccoon , chicken ... teddy ( hand phone back ) people be weird . wallace weirder 'o you think ... int dark room - present note : we 're in wallace 's Pov for this whole section . we fade up to a soft focus , dimly light view of a ceiling . periodically , a piece of someone come in and out of the frame as we hear ( but do not see ) eloquent recitation of a classic poem . it 's almost sing , it 's so lyrical . howe ( 0.c . ) the sun be shine on the sea , shine with all he might . we hear wallace groan , as if come - to . the soft focus get a little more crisp and we see a giant light from what look like a operate room overhead . it 's on dim . howe ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) he do he very best to make the billow smooth and bright . 30 . wallace ( 0.c. ) ( weakly ) h -- hello ...? howe ( 0.c . ) and this be odd , because it be ... the overhead bulb suddenly go hot , blind we with light . howe ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) the middle of the night . we Pov try to look away but we be lock in place . wallace uhnnn ...! as a recording wind to life , the sound of seagull fill the room . beneath it , we also hear the sound of the surf . howe ( 0.c . ) the sea be wet as wet could be , the sand be dry as dry . wallace wh ... what 's ... goin 's on ... howe ( 0.c . ) you could not see a cloud , because no cloud be in the sky : no bird be fly overhead : there be no bird to fly . wallace ' the fuck ... be this ... howe ( 0.c . ) '' the time have come , " the Walrus say , " to talk of many thing . of shoe and ship and sealing - wax , of cabbage and king ! " wallace hey ! I can not mo ... I can't fuckin 's move !!! howe ( 0.c . ) '' and why the sea be boil hot ... " suddenly , a guy who could be howe lean into frame , peer at we . he wear a surgical mask , which rustle as he speak . howe ( cont 'd ) '' and whether pig have wing . " 31 . wallace can you help I ? I can not move ... the howe-ish surgeon snap a blade onto a power bone saw . howe " a loaf of bread , " the Walrus say , " be what we chiefly need ! " he exit the frame as he punctuate he line with two quick pull on he power see . the sound be chill . wallace what 's that ? what the fuck 's ... h- hey , man , what 's that noi ... howe ( 0.c . ) '' pepper and vinegar besides be very good indeed . '' wallace help !!! somebody fuckin 's helllp !!!! howe quickly come back into the shot with a rag that he stuff below frame , presumably into we mouth . we hear wallace fight it . wallace ( cont 'd ) no , don 't ... n-mmmmmmmm ! mmmmmmm ! ! ! howe stick a very large needle into a bottle , draw a big dose of the solution , extract and tap the shot a few time . howe '' now if you be ready , oyster dear ... " he administer the injection to we , below frame . wallace mmm ! mmmmm ! ! mmmmmmmm !!!! mmmm !!! and just as howe exit the shot again , he say ... howe '' we can begin to feed ... " the chill sound of the bone see snap to life again . wallace mmm ! mmm ! mmmmmmmmmmmm ! ! 1111 ! 32 . suddenly , we hear the power see cut into meat and bone . blood splatter we Pov shot . the muffle scream rise to a maniacal crescendo before we hard CUT to ... int allison' bedroom - night flashback wallace be get blow in bed . we can not see it but we can tell by he expression . he grab at a oc woman 's head . wallace ( cont 'd ) stop ! stop ! stop ! his arm relax . he smile , satisfied . then he blissful expression give way to light disgust . wallace ( cont 'd ) ewwwwwww ... do not just drool it out on my ... C ’mon ! allison join wallace from under the sheet , smile mischievously as she wipe she mouth . wallace ( cont 'd ) I do not want this shit all over I . allison now you know how every woman in the world feel about it too . wallace ( squirming ; light joint ) it 's run down my ass ... allison I do not want you to go to Canada . wallace ( exhales ) allyyyyyy ... allison I know you do not wanna hear it ... wallace I really do not . I just have I a 24 karat case o’ cum - okay ? and now I be smoking my gretzky , so this be like ... a perfect moment in life . you only get maybe ten of this . ever . a month . so please - do not harsh my buzz with this middle America bullshit again , right before I be leave . on a jet plane . I gotta take a canadeuce . right ? 33 . allison can you try to be more sensitive about my '' middle America bullshit " ? please ? okay ? it 's always hard for I when you do the show about sex . wallace ( hand she joint ) I be sorry . I know . I love you , right ? it 's just for the podcast . you know that . allison ( nod ; take hit ) I wanna go with you this trip . wallace no . allison why ? wallace ( take joint ) they be swinger . if you come along , they 's 1ll try to fuck you too . allison ( hit it ) so ? you might fuck someone else this weekend ... wallace I be definitely fuck someone else this weekend : swinger - dude 's wife . allison ( storm out of bed ) asshole ... wallace ( call after she ) what have I say ? C ’mon , ally - why do we gotta do this every time ? you know the deal when we get together . I say from the jump that if we be gonna do this relationship thing , I still gotta be able to do weird shit - just so I can have storey to tell on the show . that 's how I earn my live , okay ? do fuck up shit for the podcast be my career . you know this : you start out as a fan . 34 . allison ( pass through frame ) I be a fan . wallace ( try again ) I be gonna stop do the show about sex , okay ? but right now , that abracatravel asshole who steal my whole act ? he 's get better ad than we . allison ( grab clothes ) so what ?! wallace ( as she exit ) we be lose sponsor to this abracatravelin 's piece of shit ! so I gotta be able to do more fuck up shit or the show 's over . allison ( 0.c . ) it 's just ... a fucking ... podcast ! wallace that 's bullshit , man . I make a hundred grand on ad alone last year - before the live show and t- shirt - and I have get NBC come to see my showcase . why ? because of a agent ? because of audition over and over like I be a fuckin’ jerk ? no - I get all that from do ... ( do allison ) '' just ... a fuck ... podcast ! " ( hit joint ) fuck abracatravel . I be gonna do whatever kinda fuck up show it take to beat they download and be number one again . ( no response , so ) cut I some slack , okay ? I be fight for my life out there ! int bed room - day ecu on wallace 's eye . they snap open and look around . wallace be in a large wheelchair , tuck under blanket . there 's music play on a small radio . wallace groggily look around . 35 . his eye fall on howe , who sit in he wheelchair smoothing what look like a walrus tusk with a piece of sandpaper . he look up to see wallace awake . howe well look who 's back . howe put down he project and wheel over to wallace . howe ( cont 'd ) you give I quite a scare . wallace look at howe , unable to speak he 's so groggy . howe ( cont ’d ) heavens ! what kind of nurse be I ? howe pour a cup of water and put a straw in it . he hold it to wallace 's mouth and let 's he sip . wallace struggle to do do , sip slowly . howe smile with each swallow . howe ( cont ’d ) there you go . wet you whistle , my dry little thistle . wallace stop sip from the straw and try to come out of he haze , look around . wallace wha ... wha ... howe what happen ? oh , dear boy - you collapse right in front of I . one minute , I be waxing lyrically about my many ocean voyage , and the next ? you be fall out of you chair unconscious . I have no idea what be go on until I see a rather intimidating spider crawl from you pant leg . wallace ssspider ? howe a Brown recluse . a rather toxic little insect . this wood be crawl with they . wallace a spider bit I ? ( look around ) where 's my phone ...? 36 . howe yes . that. well ... the Doctor step on it and break the phone , I be afraid . it lie in piece . wallace there be a Doctor ? howe Doctor mosier life a mere eight mile on . he be here within a half a hour of you episode . wallace I can not feel my leg ... howe that would be the spinal injection . the Brown recluse sink she fang into you leg and pump you full of so much poison that you poor ankle be as big around as a elephant 's leg . wallace look down at he leg for the first time , notice something strange about the shape under the blanket . howe ( cont ’d ) the only problem , you see , be the spider venom . it be travel to you heart . so the Doctor be force to take necessarily ... drastic measure to save you life . wallace pull he blanket aside to see one of he leg have be amputate above the knee . wallace oh my God ... howe ( back to he tusk project ) I know . I be so , so sorry . wallace what the fuck ?! howe ( polish the tusk ) just let it out , my boy ... wallace a fucking spider did this ?!? 37 . howe nature can be so very red in tooth and claw . wallace what ? ! howe tennyson . wallace what the fuck be you talk about ?! ( look around ) why be I still here ? why do not we go to the hospital ? howe Hospitals carry disease . this room be completely sanitize , so the Doctor feel you would be better off to convalesce here . wallace that make no sense ! howe ( think ; then ... ) do not it ? wallace I wanna talk to the Doctor . where be he ? howe oh , well he 's make he round . wallace round ? what round ? we be in the middle of nowhere ! howe ( look toward window ) no , mister Brighton - I have be to the middle of nowhere . and it be a ghastly place . wallace look at howe and the tusk he sand over and over again , say nothing now . wallace try to get out of he chair but he can not . he pull he cover off to reveal that he 's belt in at the waist , with no buckle in sight . wallace what the fuck 's this ?! 38. howe turn he attention back to wallace in a lazy , '' hmmm ? " - kinda raise - eyebrow glance . howe oh. that . the belt be to keep you from fall over until the spinal wear off and you have full control of all you faculty again . ( off stump ) almost all you faculty . wallace I need a phone , okay ? please ? I gotta call my family . howe Doctor mosier remove all the phone , so you would remain undisturbed . but i’1ll ask he if you can call home after supper . howe wheel toward the door . howe ( cont 'd ) until then , you be still heavily tranquilize . so get some rest . ( stop and turn ) I be truly sorry for you loss . howe exit . alone in the room , wallace look down at he amputate leg and the tear come . ext chapel hill - night we see the moon rise over the Chapel Hill estate . we can see the dining room light up inside . int dine room - night seat in he wheelchair at one end of a dining table be howe , fully dress . a heavily sedate wallace 's wheelchair be pull up to the other end of the table . howe delicately cut he meal . wallace do not touch he . howe ( cont 'd ) you be not eat ? wallace I can not move my arm . 39 . howe that would be the morphine . it be capitol for the leg pain , and dare I say the only thing keep you from howling in agony . however , it tend to leave one a bit sleepy . wallace I be not sleepy . I be ... immobilize . howe the melancholy that accompany lose a limb must be akin to that of mourn a close friend you too often take for grant . wallace ( beat ) there be no spider . be there ? howe look at wallace confuse , though he 's still chew . howe of course there be . a Brown recluse . colloquially know as the hobo spider . wallace and you see it ? howe yes. wallace ( beat ) you see the spider . howe I only wish I have spy the beast before he attack . wallace what have it look like ? howe the arachnid assailant ? well ... a typical spider : a legion of leg , very small . one might be tempt to describe it as ... itsy bitsy . wallace cock he head at this . howe start sing . 40. howe ( cont ’d ) the itsy , bitsy spiiiiiiii - der go up the water spout ! wallace Holy shit ... howe down come the rain and wash the spider out ! up come ... wallace lemme out of this chair , you fucking psycho ! lemme out ! help ! somebody hellllllpppp !!! as wallace scream , howe angrily push back from the table , get out of he wheelchair , march briskly to wallace and slap he across the face hard . he then march back to he wheelchair , sit , and continue eat . wallace stare , wide - eye . he now realize how fuck he be . howe ( cut food vigorously ) now . let we eliminate the chuffa - shall we , mister Brighton ? perhaps it would be best , at this stage in we burgeon relationship , to reveal we true heart with absolute candor . howe stop cut he meat and look up at wallace . here come the trailer moment , as howe say ... howe ( cont ’d ) I have , over the last few month , be construct ... a realistic walrus costume . Holy . Fucking . shit . a tear run down wallace 's cheek . howe stab a piece of steak and eye it for a moment . howe ( cont 'd ) with minor modification ... I believe it will fit you perfectly . howe stick the steak in he mouth and chew . wallace silently cry . wallace oh Jesus , what the fuck , man ... 41 . howe now , naturally , whilst in the walrus suit you must be a walrus . there must be no speak in a human voice . do you understand ? any communication must be do strictly as a walrus . wallace ( cry , bereft ) please ... howe be not vex or heavy of heart . we two be embark on a expedition not unlike that of the doom anastasia . you see , they mistake be look for monster out there . they need not have leave the dock . the beast have always lie within . howe tape he heart . wallace cry like a child ... wallace whyyyyyyyyy ....?!? howe '' why " ? to solve a riddle older than the sphinx . to answer the question that have plague we since we first crawle from the surf and stand erect in the sun . ( stand ; raise glass ) be man , indeed , a walrus at heart ? wallace muster enough energy to bellow but whatever he be injected with make it come out more like a animal 's howl . howe be delighted by this . he start howling back in return . we go out on a wide shot of captor and captive at either end of the table , howling - one in agony , one in mockery . the sound be not unlike that of warring walruse . ext chapel hill - night the howling continue . what do it matter ? they be in the middle of the wood . ext wood - same a deer in the wild react to the howling in the distance . 42 . int bedroom - night wallace be sleep sit up in he wheelchair . suddnely , we hear the faint sound of a obnoxious smart phone ring tone ( " aw ! aw ! aw ! ooo- ah ! ooo- ah ! C ’mon now ! more margharitas ! '' ) . push in on wallace and as we land in a close - up , he eye snap open . somewhere , the smart phone continue ringing . ext quaint winnipeg home - day flashback wallace 's rental car be outside the swinger house . we hear the same faint sound of a obnoxious smart phone ring tone ( " aw ! aw ! aw ! ooo- ah ! ooo- ah ! C ’mon now ! more margharitas ! '' ) . int rental car - same close on the phone . it 's a picture of allison make a goofy face . the phone ring , unanswer . wallace stare at the phone for a beat , then click ignore and stuff it in he pocket as he get out of the car and head up the walkway of the swinger house . int hallway - night a door open and wallace wheel out into the hallway . the faint sound of the obnoxious smart phone ring tone ( " aw ! aw ! aw ! ooo- ah ! ooo- ah ! C ’mon now ! more margharitas ! '' ) be louder now . wallace wheel as quietly as he can , search for the source . just as he get closer and it get louder , it stop . int study - night wallace wheel into the room where he have sit with howe before the madness . it 's dark but the moonlight through the window reveal enough detail for he to maneuver . from the confines of he chair , he look for the phone . wallace be a five foot from we . in the severe foreground , he cell phone ignites in the darkness , let he know he have just miss a call from allison . wallace desperately turn he chair and wheel over to we . wallace punch recall and keep look over he shoulder to see if howe be anywhere nearby . int allison 's bathroom - same allison 's smart phone be plugge into a charge on the sink . it 's also on vibrate so there 's no ring alert she to wallace 's income call . there 's another phone charge beside it on the basin , face down . 43 . reflected in the mirror , we can see the bathroom door be half open . allison sit on she bed in the next room , wear just a t-shirt and underwear . she 's talk to someone in she bedroom that we can not see . allison he call I and he say he 's not gonna fuck the swinger and he 's come home . and now he do not answer my call for three day . on the sink , the smart phone stop vibrate and indicate a miss call on the screen . int study - same wallace quietly bark a desperate plea for help into he smart phone . wallace help I , allison ! I be abduct and , I shit you not , I lose a leg ! this guy 's talk about make I a animal or something ! he 's fuck nut ! you gotta save I , baby ! I swear I 'il never fuck anybody but you ever again ! please ! please ! please ! please ! come find I ! I be two hour outside winnipeg in the wood of manitoba ! call the cop ! please save I ! I be so scared , allison ! I be so scared I be never gonna see you again ... ( he silently cry ) I do not wanna hang up ... oh God , please be there , ally ! please hear this ! please , God ! please , Jesus ! please , please , please hear I ... wallace try to muffle he whimper as he hang up the phone . he hold it to he forehead , cry for a beat before he try to pull himself together . he look over he shoulder and dial another number . int allison 's bathroom - same the face - down phone charge beside allison 's on the basin rattles around vibrate with a income call reflected in the mirror , we can see the half - open bathroom door and ally on she bed , listen to someone we can not see . 44 , man' voice I do not wanna talk about he anymore , okay ? he 's not here . I be . and I wanna fuck you like crazy . you - not some swinger in Canada . allison smile . she pull she shirt off and lay down . allison go brush you tooth . in the mirror , we see the half open bathroom door swing wide , revealing a naked teddy enter the bathroom . he grab a toothbrush and notice he phone vibrate . teddy look at he phone to see wallace be call . he press ignore , put the phone down and look at himself in the mirror as he brushes he tooth . int hallway - same wallace roll out of the study , the smart phone between he shoulder and ear . teddy message this be teddy . gimme head -y . wallace it 's I ! I be be hold captive in manitoba ! a crazy fucker call Howard howe cut off my leg ! wallace 's wheelchair clear the study doorway . we rack focus to the fireplace mantle , where the walrus oosik use to be . int bedroom - same mid s.0.s. - call , wallace wheel back into he bedroom . wallace ( cont 'd ) seriously , man , this crazy fucker say he 's gonna turn I into a ... wham ! wallace be strike on the head hard by the walrus oosik , he phone clatter to the floor . reveal howe in he nightgown and nightcap , panting , hold the oosik . howe you life as you know it be over , mister Brighton ! if you want to continue live , you will only do so as a walrus ! the tusk will be you only salvation . 45 . his head lolling , struggle to stay conscious , wallace bleed from he skull , cry and scream at howe . howe ( cont ’d ) you will be a walrus ... or you will no longer be at all . and howe bring the oosik down hard on wallace again , knock he out in he wheelchair . ext los angele apartment complex - morning we see jogger and people walk dog . int allison' bathroom - morning allison shuffles in and sit on the toilet , sleepily pee . at the sink , she grab a tooth brush , pastes it and go to work . as she brushes , she activate she smart phone . it show the message from wallace . allison stop brush . allison ( brush in mouth ) asshole ... she press the voice mail button and put the phone to she ear , resume she tooth brush . she listen for a beat , then go wide - eye . int allison 's bedroom - same allison jump on the bed , phone in hand , shaking teddy awake . allison ( cont 'd ) teddy , wake up ! teddy huh ? allison ( panic ) get the fuck up and listen to this message ! I think wallace be in trouble ... she press the speaker button and wallace 's message play . teddy 's grogginess wear off as he listen . allison run to the bathroom and grab teddy 's phone . allison ( cont 'd ) he call you too ! oh my God ... oh my God , oh my God , oh my God ... 46 . she hit the voice mail and speaker button on teddy 's phone . teddy ( off allison 's phone ) that can not be real . he 's just fuckin’ with you , ally ... we hear the message wallace leave for teddy , which be interrupt by the sound of wallace get whacked across the skull with the oosik . then the phone go dead . teddy and allison look at one another , deeply concerned . teddy dial wallace 's number on he phone and wait for a answer that 's not come . int bedroom - night wallace 's smart phone vibrate on the floor . nobody 's there to pick it up . in the distance , the sound of pinky tomlin 's the object of my affection play . howe ( 0.c . ) uh-oh ! someone 's look for walllllll - acccce ! int operating room - same wallace 's phone ringing in the other room be drown out by a old Victrola , which provide the scratchy 1926 ditty . in the background , a out -of -focus howe be hunch over a table . howe ( cont ’d ) it must feel nice know there 's someone out there who care about you . we be close on howe now . he pull a suture into the frame , then bring it below the frame , sewing something we can not see . during he monologue , we will slowly circle he , never revealing what he 's sewing . howe ( cont ’d ) that 's how I feel on the island - with dear , sweet tusk . he be the only live thing that ever have my best interest at heart . even in my childhood , I be not care for so much as ... file away - like a document . a document feed into shredd machine that be fuel by the blood of the innocent . ( beat ) you see , I be a duplessis orphan ... 47 . insert newsreel footage file footage of maurice duplessis , Quebec Premier from 30' , 40 's and 50' . howe ( v.o . ) maurice duplessis be the Premier of Quebec in that day - the head of the conservative party Union nationale . he be a advocate for rural Canadian - a union - busting anti-communist crusade for provincial rights , with strong tie to the Catholic Church . and it be in secret collusion with this charlatan of the Lord that duplessis bring upon Quebec La Grande noirceur . int operating room - same howe stare ruefully at nothing , lose in think . howe " the great darkness . " he shake it off and go back to sewing what we can not see . howe ( cont ’d ) they say there be three subject one must always avoid at a dinner party , so as not to make people feel ... uncomfortable : religion , politics and sex . and yet it be this same sinister force - this infernal triumvirate - that destroy my childhood and make it so very ... uncomfortable . ext montreal in the 40 's - day flashback holding the hand of he parent , a 10 year old howe look up at the tall building of the city , thrilled . howe ( v.o . ) when I be just a boy , my mother and Father take I to montreal . as a child of the plain , I have never see anything so big and beautiful in my entire life . int montreal back alley - night High overhead on a mugging scene . 48 . two thug hold howe 's parent at knife point while the boy look on terrify . the Father hand over he wallet and be knife viciously . the mother 's throat be slashed and the attacker flee , leave howe with he die parent . howe ( v.o . ) but when night fall in montreal ... the horror come out to play . as we walk to dinner , we find ourselves accost by brigands in a back alley . my Father be stab repeatedly by a mugger 's knife . my mother 's throat be slashed , as if she be cattle . int operating room - same howe stop sewing to reflect . howe the police call it a miracle that I be spare . yet in the year of night that follow , I would wish I , too , have be dispatch with my beloved parent , and spare a eventual fate worse than death . ext quebec orphanage - day flashback a ten year old howe sit on a bench outside a office . howe ( v.o . ) at ten year old with no know live relative , I be place ina Quebec home for abandon boy . Inside the office , we can see two priest and a nun argue , point to the young howe on the other side of the door . howe ( v.o. ) I be a true orphan : rob of both my parent by the dirty blade of french canadian sociopath . int quebec orphanage - night Close on the dirty , sad face of 1940 's canadian orphan , all stare at we blankly , hollow . 49 . howe ( v.o. ) however , many of my fellow orphan be not orphan at all - they be only categorize as such follow force separation from they unwed mother at the behest of the powerful Catholic Church . int hospital - day flashback a young , bed-ridd mother scream , pin by orderly . a nun exit the room , hold a newborn . howe ( v.o. ) the church of that era destroy generation of canadian family with she divine license to yank bastard child from the arm of they mother . int orphanage - day flashback Wide shot : way too many orphan in a room . howe ( v.o. ) but hungry baby be costly baby . and as the budget of the state- finance orphanage soar , so too do the imagination of duplessis and the head of the Catholic Church in Quebec . int operating room - same howe continue he tale , slowly sewing . howe you see , the orphanage be the financial responsibility of the province - in this case , the very Catholic province of Quebec . but the mental institution ... they be pay for by the canadian government . and so in a effort to secure more money from Canada , duplessis and the Church develop a scheme to obtain federal funding by reclassify the orphanage ... as mental health - care facility . if that do not work , they simply close the orphanage and ship child to insane asylum . thousands of child die and be reborn as lunatic on paper . 50 . int insane asylum - day flashback ten year old howe be march by a priest down a hallway fill with cell from which the insane reach for he . howe ( v.o. ) and this be what happen to I . a priest I never meet falsify my record and label I mentally deficient - all so Quebec and the church could gorge themselves on the government teat . int insane asylum cell corridor - night flashback a bloody , terrify , ten year old howe run down the hallway in tear , pursue by two giggle mental patient . howe ( v.o. ) and for the next five year , I be rape . beaten . torture . one night , I be even fillete for experimentation - like a dead frog . all to feed the greed of monster I would never even meet . int asylum operating room - night flashback Young howe be out on a table . doctor have open he skull to examine he brain . howe ( v.o. ) my humanity be peel away like the shell of a peanut as I endure unnecessary surgeries at the hand of the aberrant . I be not a person to they - I be something to be use . and use I they do . but I use they as well . as they work , I watch . I adapt . I learn . int operating room - night howe take a break from sewing to remember the horror . howe one need not curse the Lord to know of Hell - simply ask a orphan . you see , a orphan have no advocate -— nobody to fight for they . and with no one to answer to for they horrid crime , this devil run amuck with my innocence . 51 . howe go back to sewing . howe ( cont ’d ) I have have thing in my mouth that no human be should be force to taste . I have have ... instrument ... shove inside of I that no human be should ever have to endure . Priests , politician , pederast , nun , nurse and night watchmen - all of they witch , satisfy they most base physical and financial desire ... through the lip and sphincter of a child . ext security fence near wood - night flashback the young howe we see in the ship 's kitchen scale a barb - wire fence , escape into the night . howe ( v.o . ) at age 15 , I manage to escape - at which time I fle from Canada . I join the american military , get on a boat and never look back . int operating room - night howe use he tooth to cut the suture from the needle . howe until now . off-camera , howe tie the suture close . we come around to reveal a unconscious wallace , a bite guard in he mouth . howe ( cont ’d ) man be a savage animal , mister Brighton . pull back to reveal howe have wallace splay out on a operate table and the old man be stitching wallace 's underarm to the side of he body , create a crucify a sort of t- rex - Jesus look affair . we can also see he other leg have be amputate now as well . behind this canadian frankenstein and he monster - in- the-make , we can see two old - timey pull - down medial map of the human body and the walrus body hang from the ceiling , as well as a third , new medial map between they detail how the two can be fuse as one . it gruesomely reveal wallace 's fate . howe ( cont ’d ) better to be a walrus instead . 52 . as we pull back further , we see wallace 's amputate leg rest on a table in a bucket of ice , beside a intimidating array of surgical instrument . in the shadow , we can make out a realistic , oversize walrus suit hang from a rack . ext LA cienega blvd - day allison 's car speed down La cienega toward the airport . teddy .-- he last name be Brighton . b-r-i - g-h-t-o-n . int allison 's car - same allison drive like a mad-woman . teddy be on the phone with he laptop open . teddy ( cont 'd ) he say he be two hour outside of winnipeg . we know he rent a car , but we do not know where he rent it from . so as soon as we land , we will go to every car rental desk at the airport to see if anyone remember wallace . we find where he rent he car , we can track he through the car 's recovery system . ( listen ; then ... ) Recent picture ? yes , on we web site . it 's call pillowpants.com . on the laptop screen , we see a video clip of wallace and teddy do they podcast live at a comedy club . a close - up show a happy , smile wallace . ext airport - day a AIR CANADA plane take off , hurl itself into the sky . int the enclave Close on a old speaker from which echoe the sound of seagull and surf . over that , we hear inhuman howl of anguish , not see they source . project onto dirty old sheet hang from the wall be a looping reel of seagull on a beach , the surf roll behind they in the background . it 's as if the project reel be intend to be a habitat background . howe ( 0.c . ) the sun be shine on the sea . shine with all he might . 53 . the howl turn into sobbing now . the recording of the sound of the surf still blare . we dolly down a small drawbridge , to reveal what look like carve earth , man-made to look like a small rock island . howe ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) he do he very best to make the billow smooth and bright . the drawbridge act as a walkway over a moat that surround the rock island . we get the idea it go deep . the water be dark . a festive beach ball float along the surface until it 's disturb by ripple . howe ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) and this be odd because it be , the middle of the night . from under water , we see one of howe 's leg dangle in the pool from the fake rock platform above . he wade it back and forth , create the rippling wave that move the ball . we hear a sudden , dull scream howl from under water . Close on a walrus tail on the platform as the howl turn into sobbing . we hold the walrus tail sharp in the foreground to see it 's creepy texture but soft in the background ? howe 's bare , right leg , very near what look like the large body connect to the tail . the tail be chain to the platform . howe ( cont ’d ) ( soothingly ) there , there , mister tusk ... Close on a walrus flipper - or the mockery of one - build from the pelt of a dead walrus with fresh , broadly grotesque stitching mark in evidence . the flipper have a small metal hole with a chain attach to it . the chain be mount to the platform . howe 's arm wrap around it , hugging . howe ( cont ’d ) ( as if talk to a dog ) I know , mister tusk ... I know ... ( sing now ) sometimes it 's so very hard to be , the elephant of the deep blue sea ! Close on the large tusk we see howe polish earlier in the film , after wallace lose he first leg . it have a twin now . we see the tip of both but not the mouth from which they jut . the sickly , suck breathe be loudest here . 54 . howe ( cont ’d ) ( still sing ) with mustache make for find food and a heart of gold that 's make of gooo0000000d ! Close on howe - on he back on the platform , lay under the blubber of what look like a walrus belly . he 's naked but the blubber cover he pelvis . one of he leg dangle in the water below , the other rest on the platform . mesmerized , howe hug a flipper with one arm and with he other hand , he caress the tip of a tusk that poke in and out of the frame . the blubber blanket move ever so slightly atop he in sync with the throaty sobbing and whimper . finally , howe roll he eye , frustrated - he buzz harsh . howe ( cont ’d ) the blubber of a walrus be the most comfort I have ever know outside the womb . but the blubber of a walrus ? excruciate . we hear more sobbing . then he bellow ferociously . howe ( cont 'd ) stop ! crying ! walruse never cry ! the sobbing turn to whimper . howe close he eye , as if try to get back to that magical place . howe ( cont ’d ) ( back to sing ) the walrus swim with mermaid deep and eat and play and love and sleeeeeeep ! we boom up from howe and up the long tusk implant in the butcher mouth of the wallace -rus . reveal wallace -rus . it 's a freakish , frankensteinian affair : a giant walrus pelt sewn onto the body of the alter wallace . the surgically implant tusk puff out he cheek in a walrus-like fashion . the front ball of he nose have be remove , to give a more snouty appearance . his ear have be trim to nubbish little ear-hole . his head be shave bald , the top of the walrus pelt sewn to he scalp , the bottom sewn to he chin . a big , fake mustache creepily and comically complete the effect . wallace - rus whimper in utter despair . 55 . howe ( cont ’d ) ( sing still ) Walrus be friend to all the world , beloved by both boy and giiiiiiiiiiirls ! howe go from sing to cackle . he 's blissful . howe ( cont 'd ) oh how I have miss you , mister tusk ! how I have miss we merry time together on ponder rock ! ext car rental joint - night through the window , we see teddy and ally talk to a clerk at a car rental counter . the clerk shake he head no . howe ( v.o. ) I have regret every day my return to this wretch civilization . int another car rental joint - night Close on a picture of wallace on a iPad . teddy and ally hold up the iPad for another car rental clerk . she shake she head no . howe ( v.o. ) this western world , with all the banality of a breakfast cereal . ext airport taxi cab stand - night same deal for the guy run the cab stand . same reaction . howe ( v.o. ) this writhe nest of two legge viper , each devour the next to stay alive . int bar —- night the same bar where wallace find the handbill . the same bartender . he look at the iPad teddy hold up and shrug . ally hold back tear as the bartender shrug a apology . howe ( v.o. ) the worst of man have long be fetid with greed and indifference . 56 . int bar bathroom - night teddy take a leak at the same urinal where wallace find the handbill . the space where the handbill be be now cover over by new newspaper clipping and garage sale notice . howe ( v.o . ) the best of man have be lobotomize by reality television . teddy flush the toilet and head off . ext highway near manitoba wood - night a rental car crawl down the highway alone , two flashlight beam shoot out both side window into the treeline . howe ( v.o. ) I never should have leave the wilderness , mister tusk . int rental car - same Close on ally , peer into the wood , shine a powerful flashlight . behind she , teddy drive . howe ( v.o. ) I never should have leave you . Close on teddy 's face , as he drive slowly and shine he flashlight into the treeline on the other side of the road , look from the road ahead to the wood beside he . howe ( v.o. ) and I betrayed you for what ? ext the CITY of winnipeg - night the citiest part of manitoba . it 's a tiny metropolis . howe man 's world ? ext winnipeg police department - night a establish shot . howe ( cont ’d ) a immoral cesspool , pregnant with the wayward and the destitute ... we hear wallace 's desperate call to teddy again . 57 . wallace ( v.0 . ) ( from phone speaker ) I be be hold captive in manitoba ! int detective 's office - same Close on the cell phone on the desk . wallace ( v.o. ) a crazy fucker call Howard howe cut off my leg ! the detective go wide - eye at this . teddy and ally look at he , nodd . wallace ( v.o. ) seriously , man , this crazy fucker say he 's gonna turn I into a ... the message end . the detective stare at the phone for a long beat . then ... detective that 's it ? allison it just end . detective and you be sure he 's not pullin’ yer leg , eh? gettin 's upto some good ol 's american monkey shine ? teddy that do not sound like monkey shine . and he 's not that guy . detective ( off laptop ) well I do some check , and we do not have a Howard howe anywhere in manitoba . I ask border patrol if they get a record of you friend leave the country yet . they say he come into winnipeg . that 's it . allison fuck ... detective but I be put a miss person out on ‘em , so do not you two worry . ( nod to phone ) that leg bit be something , eh. 58 . teddy it 's creepy , right ? detective no , it 's something . ( dig through drawer ) I have a fella from Quebec in here two day ago , askin’ aboot any leg - less body might 'a turn up . use to be a cop . say he 's tracking some kinda serial killer . I tell he Canada do not get serial killer . we barely get occasional killer , how they gonna keep up with the demand pace of a serial killer ? anyway ... ( hold up paper ) he leave he number . ext manitoba motor lodge - night a establish shot . we see the rental car park in the near-empty lot , beside a car with Quebec plate . ext manitoba motor lodge room 37 - same teddy and allison knock on a door . they door open . a french canadian in boxer and a tank top look at we . he step out of the room and close the door slightly , say calmly , in a extremely french canadian accent ... guy lapointe I be guy lapointe . guy lapointe nod to a bar across the street . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) can we meet there in five minute ? I just ... ‘ow you say ?... move my bowel . so the room , she stink . int the enclave Close on howe remove the chain from wallace - rus 's flipper . howe it occur to I , tusk , that if you be to fulfill you destiny .. Close on howe remove the chain around the wallace - rus tail . howe ( cont ’d ) if you be to be a true walrus ... 59 . howe come around to face the wallace - rus . howe ( cont ’d ) you must learn to sw ... the wallace - rus attempt to lunge at howe with he tusk , howling with a inhuman , guttural attack cry . but unaccustom to he new body , the wallace - rus can not make it far . howe side - step the lunge , chuckle mischievously . howe ( cont ’d ) oooo ! he be answer the call of the wild , be he ?! he be let go of he so-called humanity and unleash the feral walrus inside . howe move to the back of the platform , behind the whimper wallace -rus . howe ( cont ’d ) well now - if you want to be a walrus ? I do say , a walrus swim . howe viciously kick the wallace - rus who then go tumble into the pool , howling . howe clap excitedly . howe ( cont 'd ) swim , mister tusk ! show I how the fishies swim ! the wallace - rus have no arm to speak of - they be sewn to he side and stuff into the walrus-suit flipper . the weight of the outfit threaten to pull the terrify wallace - rus under the water . it 's like watch jabba the Hutt drow . howe bark from the platform ... howe ( cont 'd ) you be a mighty creature of the sea ! so swim ! swim , damn you ! unable to keep the weight of the walrus suit above water , the wallace - rus go under for good . under the water , the wallace - rus be not swim , he 's sink in he walrus suit , struggle to get air , eye widen in terror . he sink to the bottom of the pool , where he land face to face with ... another walrus -man . Long dead , he mouth freeze in a silent scream . this be once a human be like wallace . now , he 's a blubber - encrust mockery of a man . one of he tusk be bust and there 's another tusk in what use to be he chest . 60 . see he own eventual fate , the wallace - rus bellow , bubbles burst from he mouth under the water . from under the surface , we see howe look down at we . guy lapointe ( v.o. ) I have be ' unting this man for the last thirteen year of my life . int bar —- night Close on crime scene picture of dead body , all with leg amputate below the knee and arm sewn to they side . guy lapointe ( 0.c . ) for thirteen year , 'o bring the blood and terror to the true North . guy lapointe eye the six shot glass line up before he . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) and for the first time , I can almost smell this piece of shit . ( throw back shot ; then ) pardon my french . teddy ( off picture ) I count twenty three different dead body here . guy lapointe if you friend ' as be abduct by the same monster I be ' unting , it will be twenty four very soon . ( pick up next shot ) ' be m.o. be always the same : two week after a disappearance , we find a body . the leg ? always amputate at the knee . the arm ? always fuse to the body - like a crucify t- rex - Jesus . ally look to teddy as lapointe take he second shot , mark the weird - ass visual the french man choose . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) and always , the mouth and tooth ' ave be ... disturb . allison disturb how ? 61 . guy lapointe ( off picture ) in every case , the tongue be rip out . ally grip teddy 's arm , as if suddenly shot . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) ( off she reaction ) oh yes , madame . it be repugnant . allison ( afraid to ask ) be any of they ... sexually ... guy lapointe no. 'o do not touch they like that . 'o butcher they . amputate limb , cut out tongue . but 'o do not do nothing sexual with they . teddy you say you do not have any lead but you keep say he . guy lapointe ' oo else could it be but a fuck man ? a woman , she make life . but a man ? angry 'o can not make life ? 'o only know ‘ow to take life . ( off picture ) the boy on the force nickname we mystery killer the first wife . teddy and ally exchange confuse look with guy . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) because the first wife do not let you talk , do not let you go anywhere , and do not fuck you . ( of they non-reaction ) it 's funnier if you have be marry a few time . ally and teddy watch as guy lapointe throw back another shot and slam he empty shot glass on the bar . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) you wanna know my theory ? the theory that get I ... excuse ... from the Quebec City Metropolitan Police Department ? 62 . allison please . guy lapointe ( point to picture ) all of they ' ave ' ole this big ... ( hold up circle finger ) .+.- in the mouth , no ? 'o put something in they mouth that we do not get to see . some cop say it be meat hook . like ' dis ... guy lapointe mime a person be hang up by hook . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) ' ung up like meat . they say this be the reason for the ' ole in the victim 's mouth . teddy what do you say ? guy pull one photo out and tap it . guy lapointe this be victim number 2 . 'o go miss eight , nine year ago but ' be body we be only find last year , badly decompose . just like all the rest , 'o ‘ad the miss leg , the miss tongue , the miss tooth , the nole in the roof of ' be mouth . but the medical examiner find something inside one of the ' ole in he mouth . ( indicate tiny size ) a tiny piece of the victim 's own tibia bone . no bigger than this . allison the tibia 's a leg bone . guy lapointe ( raise shot to she ) you be as smart as you be beautiful . teddy why would a piece of he leg bone be ... in he mouth ? guy lapointe this be also what I want to know . 63 . guy lapointe stare , reflect , get emotional . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) so I go to see the mama of victim number 2 . and I say to ‘er '' you be the mama . you know thing about the child ... feel thing ... no police can know or feel . tell I : ‘ow you think you boy be kill . '' and mama ... she be cry . ( guy be cry now ) it be as if she be my own mama - bereft . ‘opeless . and she tell I ... ma ma , she say to I ... ( as old woman ) '' this man ... 'o be make a monster . " int the enclave - night lighting the wallace - rus be raise from the pool , soak and sobbing . howe hold the button that lift a porous metal platform contain the wallace - rus from the water . the engine pulley system that raise the platform operate the same way shark cage be raise and lower into the ocean from boat . howe why do you still cry as if foule ? you can not possibly be mourn you lose humanity , can you ? ( as the lift stop ) why ? howe move around to the front of the wallace - rus and lean on he knee , talk to he like a animal . howe ( cont ’d ) why on earth would you want to be human ? in all my travel , I have only ever find mankind to be ... a ocean of shit . and my vessel , she list , leak . howe sit beside the wallace -rus , petting he as it sob . howe ( cont 'd ) I be so very tired , mister tusk - batter by a life of cruel fate , poor decision and the terrible consequence of both . 64 . howe gaze into the pool , the weight of the world on he . he close he eye and break into a very sad , world - weary , a cappella rendition of the Water be Wide . howe ( cont ’d ) the water be wide . I can not cross o'er . neither have I the wing to fly . the wallace - rus can not believe where the fuck he be in life right now . he 's beyond fear and sadness : he 's let go of he humanity , howling . howe continue he soulful song , petting the wallace - rus . howe ( cont ’d ) give I a boat that can carry two . and both shall row . my love and I . the wallace - rus let out a torture howl . int airplane - night we roll down the aisle of sleep passenger to find allison , wide -awake . beside she be teddy , also alert . howe ( v.o. ) ( sing ) a ship there be and she sail the sea . she 's load deep , as deep can be . but not as deep as the love I be in . I know not if I sink or swim . Water be wide . I can not cross o'er . neither have I the wing to fly . int the enclave howe sing , get to he foot now . howe give I a boat that can carry two . and both shall row , my love and I . howe pat the wallace - rus and head to the bridge . he grab a large bucket , which he hide behind he back . howe ( cont ’d ) you must be so hungry by now ... 65 . howe reveal a large , iced mackerel , which he swing and throw on the platform . it slide a foot toward the wallace - rus , who snap to attention as best he can . howe smile . howe ( cont 'd ) bon appetit , monsieur tusk . howe cross the drawbridge and seemingly exit the enclave . we hear a door . the light go dim . then , all we hear be the hum of the pool filter and the breathe of the wallace - rus . Close on the wallace - rus in the barely - light room . he snort at the fish , six or seven foot from he on the platform - too far for he to reach . he try to move but merely roll . frustrate , he let out a agonize howl . in a metal door , we see a slit quietly open at eye-level . we push in on it to see howe 's eye , watch the wallace - rus . ext the enclave - same howe from the other side of the door . he caress the oosik , study the wallace - rus in silence ' till he quietly hiss ... howe ( cont 'd ) yeeessss ... int the enclave - same the wallace - rus howl , sobbing . it look to the mackerel on the platform - so close ... but in he condition ? mile away . ext the enclave - same Close on howe through the door slit , willing the outcome . int the enclave - same Close on the face of the wallace - rus , suddenly fill with determination . we see he face strain , hear he effort . suddenly , he whole body move a few inch . ext the enclave - same howe 's eye light up as he whisper to himself ... howe ( cont ’d ) that 's it ! now go to the fish ! int the enclave - same oblivious to he secret audience , the wallace - rus strain to move another few inch , grunt and snort each time . 66 . ext the enclave - same extreme close - up on howe 's mouth . howe ( cont ’d ) take the mackerel , mister tusk ! int the enclave - same in tight focus in the foreground , the mackerel lay on the platform . in the background , flap toward we slowly at one excruciate bellow at a time , be the wallace - rus . ext the enclave - same extremely close on howe 's hand , tightening around the oosik . howe ( cont ’d ) feeeeeeeeed . unleash the beast ... int the enclave - same the wallace - rus be closer now , but he seem exhaust from the effort . with a final howling bellow , he collapse atop the mackerel with he tusk , tear into as best he can with the giant tusk in he mouth . it 's savage and feral and sad . ext the enclave - same howe smile widely , delighted with this progress . he open the door and head in again , armed with he oosik . we hear ... howe ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) who say you could eat that fish ! we hear the wallace - rus bellow back ferociously . howe ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) don't you SNAP at I ! that's mine ! int the enclave - same against the dirty sheet with the project beach loop , we see the shadow of howe wield the oosik at the wallace - rus as it howl and grunt like a dog protect a bone . howe ( cont 'd ) you get away from that mackerel ! that's my mackerel ! wham ! we see he shadow bring the oosik down hard on the shadow of the wallace - rus , silencing it . 67 . ext winnipeg - morning the city be off to work and school . we see allison and teddy 's rental drive by , with a passenger in the back seat . guy lapointe ( v.o. ) if we ‘ope to find you friend before it be too late , we must be - trace ' be every step . int car — same allison drive , teddy be in the passenger seat and guy lapointe be in the back , lean between the front seat . teddy we already do that . we try all the car rental place at the airport , we go to bar h , where he say he be when he call ally ... guy lapointe which one of you know ' im best ? allison and teddy exchange glance . guy look to allison . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) 'o say 'o be drive two nour . be 'o a smoker ? allison no. well ... marijuana . but he would never smoke weed and drive . guy lapointe nobody do nothing in a car . what do 'o do when 'o drive ? some ' abit you have maybe notice ? int 7 - 11 - day in the foreground : a stack of big gulp cup . in the background : at the counter , allison , teddy and guy show a picture to the same clerk who would help wallace earlier . clerk I remember this man . he be talk to someone on he phone and he ask I how far it be to bifrost . ( think ) or do he say morweena ...? 68 . allison ( to teddy ) whoever be on that phone know where wallace be . guy lapointe do you remember anything else ? clerk ( think ; then ... ) he borrow a pad and paper to write down a address . guy lapointe give this to I . please . the clerk find the pad and pen and hand it over . guy lapointe hold the pad up to the light , pour over it . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) do you have a pencil ? the clerk find one . guy lapointe brushes the pencil tip over the pad . a impression start to show . allison wow ... teddy ( not as impressed ) they do it in lebowski . guy lapointe this be where I learn it from . Close on the address now . rural road 37 , mile marker 9 . ext 7 - 11 - night the trio exit . teddy dial he cell phone . teddy I be call the cop . what be the town ? morweena and ... bi-frost ? guy lapointe what be you do ? no , no . ' ang up . teddy why ? guy lapointe this town be two nour away . we be best to go ourselves . 69 . allison what about the police ? guy lapointe ( show shoulder holster ) I be police . teddy you say you be kick off . guy lapointe for ' unting this man ! and this be the close I have ever come to ' im in thirteen year . if we call the local police , we risk scare the killer back into nide , or worse ? 'o 's scared into kill you friend . we must go ourselves while we have the element of surprise . teddy ( to allison , sternly ) we should call the cop or the mounties or whatever the fuck . but we need pro , ally . ( to lapointe ) no offense . guy lapointe go fuck yourself . no offense . allison be tear . she look to lapointe . allison you really think we can find he , mister lapointe . guy lapointe monsieur lapointe . and yes : if we go now , I believe in my ' eart we can save the man you love from a unimaginable fate . int the enclave howe be in the pool with the semi-conscious wallace - rus . object of my affection play again , with surf and seagull . the walace - rus float on he back , blood run off he into the water as howe tow the man-beast around the pool like the wallace - rus be he baby . 70 . howe well be not this soothing to the soul ? if I close my eye , I be almost back at we beloved ponder rock - where I know the most peace in this twisted , hateful world . howe close he eye and inhale deeply . howe ( cont 'd ) oh , how I miss we tiny paradise , mister tusk ! this poor facsimile be the best I could do to recreate that magical enclave where we first become such good friend . ( beat ; sadly ) until that terrible day . ext island - night flashback Close on the young , shipwreck howe ( the cook on the anastasia plus wild hair and beard and dark tan skin ) . howe ( cont ’d ) you be not ready for the savagery of man ... he stare out at the night sea , empty and desperate . a small fire light he face in flicker . howe ( v.o. ) the insatiable call for blood that make we the most ... unpredictable animal that ever live . howe raise a hunk of meat to he mouth and eat , blood cake he lip . behind , we can make out the lifeless walrus . howe ( v.o. ) you have care for I better than my biological parent or the province of Quebec , but you be a stranger to the abattoir of the human heart . extreme close up on howe 's mouth tear into the flesh . howe ( v.o. ) man feed on the meat and sinew of the helpless . until we be all alone . howe tear at the walrus meat savagely when a light hit he face . howe look up suddenly , stare wide - eye . 71 . howe 's Pov : a ship be on the horizon someone on the deck be flash a searchlight at we . this be immediately follow by a long toot of the boat 's horn . howe ( v.o. ) we survive at all cost only to butcher and fuck , again and again . howe wave frantically . then , he look at the meat in he hand and immediately break down cry . howe ( v.o. ) until we ourselves be , at last , butcher or fuck in turn . int the enclave Close on the wallace - rus , almost a docile animal now in howe 's arm , float in the pool . howe you be not prepare for I last time , mister tusk . howe look down at the wallace - rus compassionately . howe ( cont 'd ) you stand no chance in the fight . this time , it will be different . it be why I have harden you - to show you how both kind and how cruel man can be - before that moment I betrayed you with a juda - kiss - bludgeon as you sleep . howe suddenly push the wallace - rus 's head under the water , hold it there . wallace - rus try to struggle but can not . howe ( cont ’d ) and if I have truly bring out the walrus in you soul , this time ... howe pull the wallace - rus up for air . it gasp and sputter . howe ( cont ’d ) you might just prevail . howe suddenly hug the shit out of the wallace - rus , like a child with a puppy . he weep into the wet fold of he skin . audio note : we hear a adaptation of the fleetwood Mac tusk drum beat kick in . it will underscore the rest of the film . 72 . ext manitoba wood - day aerial footage of tree , tree and lot more tree . int helicopter - same guy lapointe ride up front with the pilot . allison and teddy be in the back . lapointe use binocular , search the ground below . ally and teddy do so the same without tech aid . binoculars Pov : the wood below we be search through the treeline , move slowly ' till we stop , then move on again . as we scan , we catch a glimpse of something red in the very green and brown treeline . the Pov rush back to the red blur and try to focus . we shakily hold on a color that should not be in the wilderness , bury by branch so we can not quite make it out . guy lapointe signal the helicopter pilot to take they down . ext manitoba wood - same the helicopter start circle for a descent . ext wood - day a big gulp cup sit on the forest floor . Three set of foot surround it . tilt up to reveal lapointe , allison and teddy . lapointe be carry a long gun case . he look off - camera and exit the shot . guy lapointe study the ground , get lower and lower until he come across a tire tread MARK in the earth where none should be . he look up to the off - camera ally and teddy . ext SMALL lake in the wood - day the tip of wallace 's rental car 's back bumper poke out of thicket of waterlogged leave in the marshy body of water . lapointe , ally and teddy be on the opposite shore , see the car bumper . guy lapointe put he gun case on the ground , kneel and open the lid . guy lapointe the path be almost invisible to the naked eye , but it be there . Close on a silver - plate shotgun and two silver - plate handggun . there be two carton of shell as well . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) we follow it to where it end , we will find you friend ... 73 . guy lapointe pull a handgun from the case . guy lapointe ( cont ’d ) and the dangerous man who take ‘im . ( hold up handgun ) this will make any dangerous man considerably less dangerous . guy lapointe try to hand teddy the handgun . teddy whoa , whoa whoa ! I be not a gun guy . guy lapointe but you be american , no ? teddy just because we can have gun do not mean I ever have one myself . allison put she hand on the gun . lapointe offer it freely . allison take it . teddy look at she , flummox for a minute . then , guy lapointe offer he the other gun . int the enclave it 's dark . we be close on the sleep wallace - rus . suddenly , we hear a speaker come to life . the wallace - rus wake in a panic , look for the location of the voice in the dark . howe ( 0.c . ) sixty year ago today I be rescue from the island of ponder rock , a mere hour after I have butcher my sweet savior walrus to stay alive . wallace -rus Pov : something else be in the dark wallace - rus can see he 's not alone : a large shape be a few yard in the distance . ext the manitoba wood - day we be tracking across the floor of the wood , see evidence of tire track . howe ( v.o. ) and for the last fifteen year , I have mark this solemn occasion by give my flipper friend the fight chance he never have . guy lapointe , ally and teddy , gun in hand , creep through the forest , follow the trail leave by wallace 's rental car . 74 . int the enclave Close on howe 's mouth in the dark , cover by something . howe you have be my great tusk to date . and now we will finally find out the answer to the riddle ... the light snap on , force the wallace - rus to hide he face with he flipper . reveal wallace - rus be in the empty moat , now drain of water . the wallace - rus go wide - eye at ... howe in he own walrus skin , made of human flesh . we know this because we can make out face in the ripple of the man - make blubber . it 's flesh make of that he have steal and make into human walruse for this same purpose over the year . howe 's face poke out from where the mouth of the walrus would be , so he glare from behind he tusk , which act as a sort of battle - helmet face - guard . as weird as wallace - rus have be to look at all this time , howe in he own walrus get - up might even be a little scarier . he bellow ... howe ( cont ’d ) be man , indeed , a walrus at heart ! the wallace - rus react as surprised as we , as the walrus - wear howe rush at he , flopping forward on a padded belly as only a walrus can . boom ! howe - rus chest -slam into the wallace - rus , as walruse do in the wild atop ice flow , before they tusk wrestle for dominance . the wallace - rus howl at we defensively . howe ( cont 'd ) fight I , tusk ! fight I or die ! howe -rus charge wallace - rus and gorge he with he tusk , puncture the blubber prosthesis . stabbed in he shoulder beneath the walrus skin , wallace - rus howl in agony . ext the wood - day guy lapointe , ally and teddy march they trail , gun draw . suddenly , we hear the distant howl of wallace - rus echo in the forest . they freeze . after a beat , we hear it again . allison wallace ... ally charge ahead , gun hold high . teddy and lapointe react . 75 . int the enclave boom ! howe - rus body slam into wallace - rus again , gore he with he tusk again . the wallace - rus howl and struggle to move away from the attack , cry . howe just as I kill you to stay alive on ponder rock , you have a terrible choice to make here , mister tusk ... the howe - rus shuffles menacingly . howe ( cont ’d ) you have to kill I if you want to live . and if you live ? it will only be as the walrus you almost be . the bleed , terrify wallace - rus be wide - eye as he bizarre attacker shuffles toward he another foot . Close on howe now . howe ( cont ’d ) you either go full - walrus ... or you go to Hell . howe -rus charge wallace - rus . Close on the eye of the wallace - rus , survival instinct kick in . the wallace - rus rear back just as the howe-rus reach it , and he slam he tusk into the howe-rus , puncture the costume and draw blood from a howling howe . ext chapel hill - day a Pov running shot reveal the house in the distance , bury by the tree . we hear the howling of howe echo in the wood . allison lead the charge , determine to save she man . allison wallaaaacccce ! !! int the enclave the howe - rus and the wallace - rus belly - buck , viciously slashing at each other with they tusk . we hear the distant call of allison , yell wallace 's name . wallace have the upper-tusk on howe for a moment but be distract by ally 's cry . he react , wide - eye with hope for a moment , about to bellow a response , when howe slashes he face with he tusk . 76 . ext chapel hill - day allison lead lapointe and teddy in a race to the front door . when she get up the front porch step and to the door , she pound it , call out wallace 's name as she try the knob . allison ( cont 'd ) wallace ! wallace ! int the enclave the howe - rus and the wallace - rus fight , bark at one another like beast , blood and meat fly with every incision they tusk make . wallace - rus 's tusk come close to howe -rus 's face and howe slip he hand out of he costume to punch wallace - rus in the face . howe what a feral kitten you have become ! int chapel hill foyer - day the door knob be obliterate by repeat shot from the other side of the door . the gunshot stop and the door be kick open . allison lead the charge , follow by the boy . allison wallace where be you ?!? we can see the oosik be go from the fireplace mantle . int the enclave we hear the pound of foot on the ceiling above we and hear the muffle cry of allison and teddy . wallace - rus look from the ceiling to the howe-rus . howe you have last longer than any of the other because you have go full walrus . you be so savagely beautiful in you ferocity . you will kill I to stay alive . the amygdala have take over . you survival instinct have kick in . howe rip out of he costume , pull himself out of the blubbery coat , withdraw the walrus oosik from the blubber . wallace - rus go wide -ey as howe climb to he foot use the oosik as he crutch . he raise the oosik above he head . howe ( cont 'd ) but so have mine ... 77 . howe bring the oosik down hard on the wallace - rus 's head , and wallace - rus bellow in excruciate pain in the empty pit . int the basement allison , lapointe and teddy charge down a staircase , search for the source of the howling . allison oh my God , wallace ! wallace , where be you ?! we hear the muffle cry of the wallace - rus again . guy lapointe 'o be behind this wall ! find the door ! find the door ! all three pour over the wall , look for a entry . int the enclave the wallace - rus whimper , bloody and batter , look back at the muffle sound of voice and pound behind he . the oosik strike he anew . howe raise the oosik to strike again , but the wallace - rus let out of roar and attack howe , he tusk bury deep in the old man 's chest , essentially impale he from above . howe scream and spit blood , release the oosik . the wallace - rus shake howe from side to side like a dog with a toy . when howe slip off the wallace - rus 's tusk , he land with a thud , sputtering blood . he look up at the wallace - rus , and smile , manage to spit out ... howe you do it , mister tusk ... you be the walrus ... ( he giggle , add ) coo- coo ca-choo ! the wallace - rus dive atop howe and gore he anew , howling as he repeatedly stab the old man to death with he tusk . int the basement allison be trace a groove in the wall with she finger . allison i've got hinges ! guy lapointe level he shotgun at the groove in the wall and fire , blast tiny hole in the hide door . 78 . int the enclave another shotgun blast shred the door in the back wall . allison , teddy and lapointe rush into the enclave and stop cold , go wide - eye at what they see . in the empty moat below they , the wallace - rus be atop the very bloody , very puncture , very dead howe , repeatedly gore he with he tusk , bark . Close on the horrify face of ally , teddy and lapointe , leave utterly speechless by what they be see . until ... allison ( cont 'd ) wallace ! ! ! the wallace - rus yank its tusk from deep inside the disembowel howe and snap to attention , panting heavily , take in the sight of the rescue party . the rescue party stare right back , equally as shocked . Close on allison , tear welling up in she eye . allison ( cont 'd ) wallace ... be that you ? Close on the wallace - rus , all humanity now go . full walrus . the creature bellow ferociously at allison and she companion , brandish bloody tusk . allison weep . teddy put a arm on she shoulder and she turn into he chest , the sound of the howling wallace - rus fill the enclave . lapointe look down at the remain of howe - he life - long quarry . he squint at the monster bellow at they , no longer a man . guy lapointe look to teddy . teddy look away , unable to watch . guy slowly aim he shotgun at the wallace - rus below . Close on the ferocious wallace - rus , bellow up guy lapointe . there be no humanity leave in the eye of the beast . wallace -rus Pov : lapointe and he shotgun aimed at US lapointe aim he shotgun down the barrel of the lens . behind he , teddy comfort the horrify ally . as guy lapointe be about to pull the trigger , we ... CUT to black 79 . ext parking lot - day we see a car pull into a empty parking lot . allison and teddy emerge and open they trunk . burn in six month later . ext park entryway - same Close on a wrap package in teddy 's arm . teddy 's free hand be on ally 's back for support . the pair pass a sign that reveal we be at the assiniboine park zoo . ext assiniboine park zoo - same teddy and ally walk by the kangaroo habitat . the kanga regard they and go back to they business . they pass by Hudson the polar bear , who dive into he pool . ext assiniboine park zoo back stage - same teddy and ally wave to some zoo employee as they cross over from where the general public be allow to roam to where only the zoo-keeper dwell . they head for a small structure . int the room - same a door open . teddy and allison enter a dark room . we get the distinct impression they be on a catwalk kind of affair , light from below , the light shimmer as if reflect on water . the pair look down at something we can not see because we be look up at they . and both look sad . allison look to teddy . teddy nod . he start open the package . Close on the package teddy unwrap . reveal a large mackerel . allison grab the fish and carefully throw it into the darkness , watch . we hear it hit a platform below , follow by the sound of a walrus snort . tear fill allison 's eye as she quietly say ... allison ( cont 'd ) I love you , wallace . crying , allison exit , leave teddy stand there alone . he look down into the darkness , sadden . then , he head for the door . we hear the sign - off of the pillow pant podcast . wallace ( v.0 . ) ..- and this be wallace Brighton say it 's a big , bad world out there , so put on you pillow pant . 80 . crane down to reveal a new enclave . while it 's a better version of what we know , it 's still not inspiring any feeling of comfort . we stop on the mackerel . suddenly , out of nowhere , tusk gore the mackerel , as the wallace - rus savagely feed . we push in until we be almost on top of the beast . it raise its head slightly to look at we . then it unleash a furious bellow as we ... CUT to black the end