twin peak : Fire walk with I - script twin peak : Fire walk with I T W I N p E a k S ------------------- Fire walk with I , Teresa bank and the last Seven day of Laura palmer screenplay by David Lynch and Bob engel typed by : deep think Lynch / frost production shoot draft ** August 8 , 1991 1 . fade in : 1 . ext . wind river , WASHINGTON - day on screen it read : " 1988 , wind river , deer meadow , WASHINGTON " teresa bank ' body wrap in plastic float through hell Canyon , drift along in wind River . on screen it read : " teresa bank " fade out : fade in : 2 . ext . FBI office in portland establish . 3 . int . gordon cole's office gordon cole talk on the speaker phone . cole get I agent chester desmond in fargo , NORTH dakota . 4 . ext . highway , fargo , NORTH dakota - day a school bus . two very buxom prostitute be be handcuff by a plain clothes special agent , chester desmond . another agent have he gun to the spread eagle bus driver 's head . the kide inside the bus be scream . the phone inside Chester desmond 's car start to ring . desmond walk to the car . 5 . int . desmond be car - day desmond pick up the ringing phone . desmond yes ... intercut with : ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 2 . 5 . continued : cole cole chet , I am calling you from portland ... oregon . desmond desmond ok , Gordon . cole no , it's oregon , portland , oregon . it's regional bureau chief cole . out in portland oregon . I need you out here , chet . desmond ( little louder ) ok , Gordon . cole oregon . a young girl have be murdered . seventeen year old . name teresa bank . desmond ( very loud ) okay , Gordon !!! desmond electronically lower the aerial adjust the volume . cole got a map of the environ of the yakima indian reservation with you name on it . better bring a pole . desmond smell something fishy , huh ? cole I 've got a surprise for you , chet . something interesting that I would like to show you . arrangement be be made and I will meet you at the portland , airport . 6 . ext . SMALL airport outside of portland - day small government plane land . ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 3 . 6 . continued : another angle desmond exit the plane . 7 . int . security lounge of the airport - same desmond enter . Cole and another man , SAM stanley , walk towards he . cole ( motion to the man stand there ) chet , give SAM stanley the glad hand . he's come over from spokane . desmond and stanley shake . stanley it 's a pleasure . I have hear a lot about you . cole sam' the man who cracked the whiteman case . desmond congratulation . I hear about that . cole ( plow ahead ) you surprise , chet . her name be lil . lil walk to they from another room . she go into a contort dance . 8 . lil' dance thing we notice . -- she make a sour face . -- she walk in place . -- she put one hand in she pocket and make a fist with the other . -- while she be do this , she blink with both eye . -- she be wear a red wig . at one point during this Cole add a sentence . cole she' my mother' sister' girl . Cole hold four finger in front of he eye . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 4 . 8 . continued : desmond ( notice the finger ) Federal ? Cole give he the thumb up . lil finish she dance . cole good luck , chet . ( turn to Sam ) SAM , you stick with chet , he's got he own m.o. modus operandi . ( back to Chet ) you can reach I at the philadelphia office . I am flying out today desmond right , Gordon . we will be in touch . 9 . ext . highway on the way to deer meadow - day desmond 's car on the highway . 10 . int . desmond be car - same as they barrel down the highway - stanley that be really something . that dance girl . ( after a beat ) what do it mean ? desmond code . if you work with Gordon you learn that right away . stanley code , I have hear a lot about this . desmond pull he arm back so that only he finger come out of he sleeve . desmond sort of shorthand . stanley ( miss the humor ) shorthand . really ? ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 5 . 10 . continued : desmond we be head into a difficult situation . stanley how do you figure ? desmond I will explain it to you . do you remember lil 's dance ? as desmond explain we - intercut with : 11 . flashback : lil' dance in slow motion . on lil' sour face desmond lil be wear a sour face . stanley what do you mean ? desmond her face have a sour look ... that mean we be go to have trouble with the local authority . they be not go to be receptive to the FBI . on lil blinking both eye desmond both eye blink mean there be go to be trouble higher up ... the eye of the local authority . a sheriff and a deputy . that would be my guess . two of the local law enforcer be go to be a problem . on lil putting one hand in her pocket and one in a fist desmond ( continue ) if you notice she have one hand in she pocket which mean they be hide something , and the other hand make a fist which mean they be go to be belligerent . on lil walking in place ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 6 . 11 . continued : desmond ( continue ) lil be walk in place which mean there 's go to be a lot of legwork involved . we see cole putting he finger in front of he face and saying lil be he sister' girl . desmond ( continue ) Cole say lil be " he mother 's sister 's girl " . what be miss in that sentence ? the uncle . stanley oh , the uncle be miss . desmond not Cole 's uncle but probably the sheriff 's uncle in federal prison . stanley so the sheriff have get a uncle who 's commit a serious crime . on lil' red wig desmond right , which be probably why lil be wear a red wig meaning we be head into a dangerous situation . let I ask you something , stanley , do you notice anything about the dress ? stanley the dress she be wear have be alter to fit she . I notice a different color thread where the dress have be take in . it be not she dress or she must have lose some weight . desmond Gordon say you be good . the tailore dress be we code for drug . do you notice what be pin to it ? stanley a blue rise . desmond very good , but I can not tell you about that . stanley ride along quietly for a while . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 7 . 11 . continued : ( 2 ) stanley what do Gordon 's tie mean ? desmond what ? that 's just Gordon 's bad taste . stanley why could not he have just tell you all this thing ? desmond he talk loud . and he love he code . stanley I see . he do talk loud . desmond Gordon would not have send we to Deer meadow without think it be a high priority situation . stanley it must be a high priority situation . 12 . ext . highway - same desmond 's car drive off . dissolve to : 13 . ext . deer meadow sheriff' station - afternoon desmond and stanley arrive . the sheriff 's Station be in a sorry state outside ... they walk up to the old step and enter . 14 . int . deer meadow sheriff' station , reception area - day agent desmond and stanley walk into a very small reception area . at the counter desmond show he badge to cliff howard , the deputy . desmond good afternoon , Federal Bureau of investigation , special agent Chet desmond . I would like to see sheriff cable . cliff just smile for a long minute . cliff why do not you folk have a seat . make yourself at home . it 's gonna be a while . desmond stay stand and stanley sit . after another long moment , cliff join the secretary in a conspiratorial giggle over the long wait they be plan to give the FBI . in the middle of a giggle ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 8 . 14 . continued : cliff smile up at desmond . cliff ( continue ) why do not you have some of that coffee . it be fresh two day ago . cliff have a good laugh over this and lean again over the secretary pretend to look at some paper work . they both laugh . desmond okay , that 's it . I have have enough of the wait room now . cliff ( still smile ) oh. desmond walk towards the door that obviously must go to sheriff cable 's office . cliff block he way with he arm across the doorway , dare he to do something . while they stare eye to eye , desmond 's hand go up slowly towards cliff 's face in a slow mesmerize way . cliff try to knock Chet 's hand away . Chet counter by grab cliff 's nose and pinch a nerve to its side inject cliff with a great amount of pain . cliff ( continue ) aaahhhhhhhh ... desmond spin the deputy 180 degree place himself on the inside of the office and then still press the nerve guide cliff down into a chair . while the deputy 's eye tear copiously desmond turn to the secretary . desmond you can start that fresh pot of coffee right now . desmond stalk to sheriff cable 's office . stanley remain behind continue to observe every detail . 15 . int . sheriff cable' office - day sheriff cable look up from he work . cable how the hell do you ... desmond show he credential . desmond Federal Bureau of investigation , special agent Chet desmond . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 9 . 15 . continued : cliff , still hold he nose , appear just behind desmond , who turn to he . desmond ( continue ) that 's all right , deputy , sheriff cable can take it from here cable signal cliff to leave . desmond ( continue ) I be here to investigate the murder of Teresa bank . cable well , little fella , we do not need any outside help here . I do not like you people sniffin ' around my neck of the wood . in fact , when the state boy call I about a " J. Edgar " come up I think I say , " so what ? " desmond you behavior be not funny and be waste the time of the Federal government . cable you be lucky I be not waste you . desmond well , little fella , let I put it this way . the operative word here would be " Federal " . with or without the semantics of all this , I be now order you to release all pertinent information concern Teresa bank , both while live and decease . cable retrieve a box with the paper work and some personal effect . he throw it to desmond . cable a basic kill . bank be a drifter and nobody know she . my boy have be all over this . it 's a dead end . desmond that 's why we be here , sheriff cable . where 's the body ? cable out back in we morgue ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 10 . 15 . continued : ( 2 ) desmond start to leave . cable ( continue ) it 's 4:30 . we close at five . desmond we have get we own clock . we will lock up . as desmond turn to leave he notice on the wall a frame newspaper clipping with picture . the caption read : " cable bend steel " the newspaper show a picture of cable in a he- man pose bend a steel bar into a U shape . he turn to leave and stanley seem to have appear right on time . desmond move down the hall and stanley follow . 16 . ext . sheriff' station - day as desmond and stanley walk to the adjoin morgue they see a pile of steel bar similar to the one they see cable bend in the picture . at the morgue door stanley move up to desmond and speak confidentially . stanley you know , agent desmond , I figure this whole office , furniture include , be worth 27,000 dollar . desmond do not know what to say to he . they enter the morgue . 17 . int . tiny morgue - day Teresa 's body be on the platform in the middle of the room , stanley hang he recorder on the hook at the end of the autopsy table and put on rubber glove . desmond open Teresa bank file . desmond ( read ) Teresa bank live at the Canyon trailer Park for a month . we will check that . and work as a waitress at hap 's truck stop . worked the night shift . good place for dinner when we be through here , sam. ( flip to another page ) no one come to claim the body and no know next of kin . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 11 . 17 . continued : as desmond be do this , stanley take out he special machine . desmond look up from he work and notice . stanley solve the whiteman case with this . desmond that 's what I hear . stanley no one could find that splinter without a machine like this . and no one have a machine like this . desmond that 's good . stanley yes , it be good . ( look around ) what do you think be in this other drawer ? desmond I do not know , Sam . stanley maybe , later we could take a look . desmond sure , but let 's finish up with this first . get to work , stanley 's face go right over Teresa 's . stanley ( into he recorder ) crushed skull . probable cause repeat blow to the back of the head with a obtuse angle blunt object . subject look to be between 16 and 18 year of age . desmond Cole say she be 17 . stanley 's eye drift to Teresa 's leave hand . stanley I wonder where she ring be ? desmond notice the mark on she hand as well . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 12 . 17 . continued : ( 2 ) desmond yeah . ( look into the personal effect ) personal effect include a watch , under garment , and a blue waitress uniform ... the ring be miss . it say the rest of she thing have not be remove yet from the trailer . let 's hope it 's there . stanley pick up she leave hand . insert : bank left hand in stanley 's hand . on the scene stanley there appear to be a contusion under the ring finger of she leave hand . desmond oh. stanley peer underneath the fingernail . stanley a laceration . stanley bring over he " whiteman " instrument . Works the leave hand under it . desmond accidental ? stanley agent desmond , would you hold the finger for I . there 's something up there . he get whatever it be with a long set of tweezers . desmond what be it ? stanley it be a piece of paper with the letter " T " imprint on it . take a look . desmond come around and take a look . insert : the letter " T " . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 13 . 17 . continued : ( 3 ) on a piece of paper . closeup : desmond ponder what he have see . on the scene we move across to a clock on the wall that read : 5:04 . dissolve to : the same clock it now read 3:33 . stanley zip up a regulation body bag around Teresa . dissolve to : 18 . ext . morgue - late night desmond and stanley come out of the morgue . stanley geez , agent desmond , it 's three - thirty in the morning . where be we go to sleep ? desmond we be not . you and I be go to get some food . stanley yes , it 's be several hour since we have eat . I do not realize that so much time have past , do you , agent desmond ? desmond take a long look at stanley . stanley ( continue ) you have get you own m.o. , do not you , agent desmond ? desmond get in and start the car . 19 . ext . hap' diner - late night establish . 20 . int . hap' diner , manager' office - late night desmond and stanley talk with jack , the manager who have black wavy hair with a black full mustache to match , shiny silk shirt with silver strand sow in and a indian turquoise belt . he have a sign on he shirt that say , " say ' Goodbye ' to jack " . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 14 . 20 . continued : a guy in the room be work on a light that keep buzzing and short out . he do not really know what he 's do so he be poke at the wiring . jack have the FBI here once before . back in the fifty when hap be run the place . desmond where 's hap ? jack he 's dead - good and dead . desmond sorry to hear it . jack he do not suffer . desmond I would like to ask you a few question about Teresa bank jack sheriff cable 's already ask I a few question about Teresa bank . she work night for a month . that 's it . desmond any friend ? jack no . desmond ever see she with someone else ? jack no . desmond do she ever mention any friend ? jack no. ( point ) ask irene over there . he gesture through a door that lead out to the diner , point out a woman behind the counter . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 15 . 20 : continued : ( 2 ) jack ( continue ) now , she name _is_ irene and it _is_ night . do not take it any further than that . there 's nothin ' good about it . 21 . int . hap' diner - same they sit at the counter and irene come over to they . behind she be the coffee and she be work on a cigarette . lipstick smear on the coffee cup . irene take a good look around . there 's nobody in this place - you be meetin' the reason why . what will it be ? desmond how come Jack let 's you work here ? irene Jack and I be united in holy matrimony . desmond say no more . stanley be case the restaurant as irene pour they a couple of cup of coffee . desmond ( show credential ) Federal Bureau of investigation , special agent Chet desmond . I would like to ask you a few question about Teresa bank . Jack say you know she . how well ? irene she only work here a month . Nice girl . never seem to get here on time though . ask I she have a little problem with -- she make a sniff to indicate a " cocaine problem " . irene ( continue ) come look for a job with a friend of hers . pretty girl . could have be she sister . desmond what happen to she ? irene there be only one job . Teresa take the ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 16 . 21 . continued : irene ( continue ) job . her friend take a hike . never see she again . desmond do you ever see Teresa take cocaine ? irene no . desmond do you take cocaine , irene ? irene no , I do not . I never take cocaine or any other drug . I do not take drug . stanley nicotine be a drug . caffeine be a drug . irene who 's Shorty ? that drug be legal . desmond he 's with I . ( back on the track ) anything you would like to tell we about Teresa bank that would help we out ? irene I have think about that . I think she death be what you would call a " freak accident " . desmond thanks . a old guy , long and skinny , smoking , get desmond 's attention . old guy you talk about that little girl that be murder ? desmond you have something to tell we ? old guy yeah . desmond what ? ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 17 . 21 . continued : ( 2 ) old guy I can tell shit from shinolah . get I along way down that road . desmond move away from he . stanley you think we ought to question he ? desmond look down at the coffee cup in stanley 's _left_hand_ . desmond what time be it , stanley ? stanley check he watch pour hot coffee on himself . stanley oh ... desmond guide he laugh into a cough . stanley ( look at he watch while he leg burn ) agent desmond , it 's ... desmond it 's late , Sam . stanley ( to himself as be dab he pants with napkin ) it 's not late , it 's early . really early . irene come up to they with she purse in she hand . she be go off duty . irene you know , I never tell anybody , but once for about three day , just before she time , Teresa 's arm go completely dead . desmond what do you mean ? irene her leave arm . it be numb . she say she could not use it . Said it have no feel . probably from the drug she be take . ( after a beat ) I just think I ought to tell you . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 18 . 21 . continued : ( 3 ) desmond thanks . stanley watch she leave . stanley I doubt it be drug , more likely a problem with a nerve . I could recheck the arm for injury , but for real nerve work we be go to have to take the body back to Portland . desmond I think that 's a good idea . 22 . ext . hap' diner - near dawn as desmond and stanley head towards they car . desmond I think we should see the sun rise at the Canyon trailer Park . stanley be you speak to I in a code ? desmond no , Sam , I be speak plainly and I mean just exactly what I say . stanley in that case , we should go to the Canyon trailer Park . irene walk past they and towards the parking lot . stanley and desmond thanks , irene. good ... ( catch themselves ) good morning . stanley thank god it be morning . 23 . ext . canyon trailer court - dawn desmond and stanley drive through to the manager 's trailer which be surround by a small white picket fence . they park and step to the trailer . desmond knock twice on the door . from inside they hear a voice that make Cole 's voice sound like a whisper . voice oh , GOD , what ... what ... ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 19 . 23 . continued : just then desmond and stanley notice a sign on the door that read . " do not ever disturb before 9 a.m... ever " voice can't you read ! stanley nine 's really late . we be really early . they both fumble for they badge as they hear the manager come closer to the door . they meet the manager , carl rodd . carl God damn , this better be important . he stop in the middle of this when he see the badge . desmond Federal Bureau of investigation , special agent Chet desmond and agent Sam stanley . sorry to disturb you , but we would like to see Teresa bank ' trailer , please . carl more popular than uncle 's Day at a whorehouse . ( take one step out of he trailer ) GOD damn , that morning SUN be bright ! blue bright . Carl step through the little picket fence 's gate and lead they towards Teresa 's trailer . carl ( continue ) Mrs. simmon own the trailer and she life in town . Teresa rent it about a month ago . desmond do she have someone with she ? carl right . she have a friend with she . the friend take off . desmond be there a argument ? ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 20 . 23 . continued : ( 2 ) carl not that I know of . but argument do happen , do not they ? desmond yes they do . do she have visitor ? carl no , hey , I already tell this whole damn thing to sheriff " not -quite - able " ... here 's the trailer now . he swing open the door . carl ( continue ) and this be exactly the way she leave it . I never touch a GOD damn thing . ( frustration rise ) GOD ! desmond and stanley go in . 24 . int . teresa's trailer desmond smell the room . he and stanley look around . stanley lean over to desmond . stanley ( whisper ) she live alone . desmond she must have know someone . desmond notice she personal effect on the dresser , but no ring . desmond ( continue ) you better dust this place , Sam . stanley I will get my kit . 25 . ext . canyon trailer court stanley walk towards the car . he write in he note book . stanley ( to himself ) 5600 dollar . 26 . int . teresa's trailer desmond notice a picture hang on the wall . take the picture down and look at it through he magnify glass . ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 21 . 26 . continued : insert - picture Teresa bank be wear a ring . back on the scene stanley return with he equipment . desmond show he the photograph . desmond take a look at this . stanley she 's wear a ring . stanley study it . desmond my guess be there be not enough detail in the photo to get a idea of the design on the ring , but we should do a blowup of this anyway . stanley ( squinting at the picture ) May I see the magnify glass , agent desmond ? ( take a look , then look at desmond ) there do not seem to be enough detail in the photo to ascertain the design on the ring . Carl lean in from the outside . carl I be gonna make myself some good Morning America . you want some ? both nod " yes " . dissolve to : 27 . int . teresa's trailer - later stanley be finish up he work . Carl bring they they coffee . desmond taste the coffee under Sam 's watchful eye . desmond you be not kiddin' . this stuff 's get the sting of the forty - eight hour blend . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 22 . 27 . continued : carl that 's right . that 's the best coffee you be gonna get around here . stanley ( watch desmond drink ) we really do need a good " wake I up " , do not we , agent desmond ? ( after a long look from desmond ) we really do need a good " wake I up " , do not we , agent desmond ? a woman stick she head into the trailer . she have a ice pack over one eye and a load of idle curiosity . desmond notice she . desmond do you know Teresa bank ? she just nod in the negative and lean back out . behind she be deputy cliff , who look into the trailer . cliff hey , how 's J. Edgar doin ' ? ( to Carl ) Bet you appreciate they bustin ' you mornin ' in half , eh , Carl ? Bet they wake you up . carl they be only do they job . desmond what be you do here in the trailer court , deputy ? cliff maybe I just live here , what do you think about that ? desmond can I ask you where you be the night Teresa bank be murder ? cliff you can tell J. Edgar that I be at a party and I get fifteen fuckin ' witness . carl maybe if you do a little less partyin' that little girl would still be alive . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 23. 27 . continued : ( 2 ) cliff be that right , Mr. Jack Daniels ? desmond do you know Teresa bank ? cliff get a couple of cup of coffee at hap 's from she . that 's it . by the way where do you get off question a lawman ? I could ask you the same question . desmond no you could not . Chet step towards cliff who loose he balance and have to step off the trailer step . 28 . ext . canyon trailer court - same desmond stand in the doorway of the trailer and watch cliff get into he car and drive to work . stepping away from the trailer desmond spot something underneath . he bend down and retrieve a titleist golf Ball . desmond be there a golf course around here ? carl not a lot around here , no . get some club , but not very many fella with ball . desmond drop the ball in a plastic bag and give it to stanley who put it in he kit . desmond turn to Carl . desmond thanks for you help , Carl . sorry we wake you up . carl that 's alright . I be have a bad dream . I be dreamin ' about a joke with no punchline . desmond and stanley nod to Carl and walk to they car . stanley I could not help but notice that you have a suspicion that deputy cliff be the murderer . you do think that , do not you , agent desmond ? ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 24 . 28 . continued : desmond he 's not the murderer . ( after a beat ) but he 's a bozo . stanley yes , he be like a clown . desmond walk around the car to the driver ' side and get in . 29 . ext . sheriff' station - midday the FBI mobile crime van sit outside as desmond and stanley pull up . 30 . int . waiting room , sheriff cable' office - day cable and cliff meet desmond and stanley as they come in the door . the crime van driver sit nearby . the secretary be behind she desk . cable what the hell be that thing do out there ? you be not take that body anywhere . desmond we be take the body back to Portland and there 's not a thing you can do about it . cable maybe not _a_ thing , but maybe _two thing . desmond Teresa bank have a ring . any idea what happen to it ? cable we get a phone , here , that 's get a little ring . desmond ( turn to stanley ) Sam , get the body and put it in the van . ( to cable ) sheriff cable , where be you the night Teresa bank be murder ? cable ( flex the muscle in he arm ) my alibi be as strong as this band of steel . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 25 . 30 . continued : he reach out and stop stanley from go out to get the body . cable smile menacingly at desmond . cable ( continue ) cliff tell I you ask he the same thing . why do not we step around back and we will have we final " discussion " out door . cable exit follow by cliff and the giggle secretary . stanley ( come close to desmond ) when he say , " discussion " , how do you take that , agent desmond ? desmond I do not take it , Sam . I give it . 31 . ext . behind the sheriff' station - day desmond , cliff , stanley , cable , the secretary and the FBI van driver all have step outside by the pile of iron bar . cable now , J. Edgar , I be go to take off my badge , here . do you mind ? ( take he badge off ) the only way you be go to get that body be over mine . he pick up a steel bar and bend it ala the picture in he office . cliff ( to desmond ) you try that you little monkey . desmond I think I will take off my badge as well . desmond take he coat and badge off . cable take he shirt off and desmond follow . cable be bare - chest and desmond be in FBI issue underwear . desmond go to pick up a iron bar and cable hit he with a sucker punch . as desmond bend away from this cable rush at he . desmond stop he with a few well place punch to he face . cable fall down and desmond stand over he . Chet pick up the steel bar and bend it . he then toss the bar away . cable stand up and rush at desmond who flip and flop he around . cable try one more grand roadhouse punch which desmond expertly ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 26 . 31 . continued : duck . desmond ( eyeing cable 's glass jaw ) this one 's comin ' from J. Edgar . desmond blast he in the jaw and cable go over - light out , all system down . the no longer giggle secretary and cliff stand and stare . desmond look at they . desmond who 's next ? after a moment of unbearable humiliation they shuffle away . dissolve to : 32 . ext . sheriff' station - afternoon stanley and the driver finish load the body into the van . desmond and stanley talk . desmond take the van back to Portland , stanley . I be go to take one more look at the trailer park . they walk towards the van until stanley stop . stanley ( confidentially ) one thing that have be troubling I . that lamp at the diner . do you think they be work on it for esthetic reason or be they work due to faulty wiring ? desmond faulty wiring . stanley esthetics be subjective , be not they , agent desmond ? ( extend he hand ) I be Sam stanley . if you ever need I . desmond thanks , Sam , for the good work . you have a good eye for detail . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 27 . 32 . continued : stanley we do notice thing , do not we , agent desmond ? be you go back to the trailer park for the Blue rise ? desmond smile at stanley as they shake . desmond Pov as he enter the van , desmond can barely make out what stanley say as he point to the driver . stanley ( very muffle ) 83,000 dollar . 33 . ext . the trailer court - day desmond be stand in front of Teresa 's trailer with Carl rodd . carl ( motion behind and to the right of Teresa 's trailer ) and that 's deputy cliff 's trailer over there . the red one . chet right . carl I will be in my trailer if you need I . Carl walk away towards he trailer . desmond walk over and around cliff 's red trailer . he get a strange feel . he look past Teresa 's trailer to the edge of the trailer park , where he see a hand appear in the window of a trailer . then the hand disappear . desmond walk to that trailer . he knock on the door but no one answer . he look under the trailer and see a _mound_of_dirt_with_ _a_small_indentation_at_the_top_ . in the indentation be _ teresa_ _ bank's_ring_ . as he reach out and touch it , _he_disappears_ . 34 . int . gordon cole's office , philadelphia - day Cole and albert rosenfield talk . cole every syllable of every word be the SOUND of two hand clapping . be that what you say , albert ? ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 28 . 34 . continued : albert six to eight hand clap . I be refer to the possibility of a little silence . the phone ring and Cole answer it . 35 . int . philadelphia FBI office agent dale cooper , in the doorway across the hall , talk to diane in the next room . while he talk he do some isometrics against the door frame . cooper I know you have not change you hair and I have see that beautiful dress before , but I must say , Diane , you look sensational today . Diane say something else that we cannot hear . cooper ( enjoy this ) no , I be not try to buy time . it 's Thursday and I know you have change something in the room ... and this time you have do very well ... ( stalling ) and I be go to tell you exactly what it be ... in a moment ... you have move ... ( snap he finger ) get it ! it 's the clock , you have move it 12 inch to the leave . ( a laugh ) another triumph for the dash agent Cooper . and you , Diane , now have to clean the coffee cup , get fresh ground coffee from Sally and make a damn great pot of coffee . Cooper with a triumphant smile walk over to join Cole and Albert . but Cole 's stern look take he smile away . cooper what be it , Gordon ? cole coop , agent chet desmond have disappeared . gone like the wind in deer meadow . ** August 8 , 1991 29 . 36 . int . SAM stanley' apartment , spokane - day all around the wall of stanley 's apartment be work bench with add machinery sit on top of they . in the middle of the room be a portable plastic pool , with milky white water and crystallize salt formation cling to the side like quartz rock . from one odd look piece of machinery there be wire which extend into the pool . Cooper 's eye go to the pool and back to stanley as Sam talk about desmond . stanley agent Chet say he want to check the trailer court one more time . he have I drive the van with the body back here . which we do . it be 105 mile . cooper anything else ? stanley do Gordon show you a woman name lil ? cooper I be up to speed , stanley . stanley agent Chet would not tell I what the Blue Rose mean . cooper and neither will I . stanley ( understanding ) oh , alright . ( reflect ) you know , I like agent desmond . he have he own m.o. stanley turn to one of he work table and show Cooper the whiteman machine . stanley I crack the whiteman case with this . cooper ( try to stop he ) stanley , I hear all about it . stanley no one could have find that splinter without a machine like this and no one ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 30 . 36 . continued : stanley ( continue ) have a machine like this . cooper tell I about the letter . stanley take a look at this . Chet and I find it under Teresa bank ' ring fingernail . Cooper look under the microscope to see the letter they find on Teresa . cooper and no one find the ring ? stanley no , sir , we do not . Cooper straighten up from the microscope . stanley extend he hand . stanley I be Sam stanley , if you ever need I . 37 . ext . canyon trailer court - day Carl rodd show Cooper to Teresa 's trailer . carl GOD . I be beginning to lose faith in the United States government and that include the telephone system . do not you folk talk to one another . that 's she trailer there and I have not touch a god damn thing . agent Chet desmond come by a second time and ask too see deputy cliff Howard 's trailer ( gesture to the red trailer ) ... which I show he . I go back to my trailer ... ( gesture back to he ) after that I never see he again . cooper thank you , Carl . Cooper start walk in the opposite direction from cliff 's trailer pick up on the same odd vibe that strike desmond . carl ( turn back ) that 's not the way to cliff 's trailer . I tell you . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 31 . 37 . continued : cooper I be not go to cliff 's trailer . carl well , where be you go ? cooper I be go over here . carl ( come along with he ) God damn , you people be confusing . Cooper reach a pack of dirt which be now crease with tire track . cooper what be here , Mr. rodd ? carl a trailer be here . what the hell do you think ? cooper can you tell I who 's trailer it be ... and who stay in the trailer ? carl a old woman and she grandson . cooper can you tell I what they name be ? carl chalfont . weird . chalfont be the name of the folk that rent the space before they do . two chalfont . Cooper kneel to examine the track leave by the exite trailer . as he kneel and inspect the track he be overcome by the presence of something . Cooper struggle to he foot and look around . under a tree and close to the track be a car . cooper be that agent desmond 's vehicle ? carl yep , it sure be . Cooper walk to it . at desmond car ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 32 . 37 . continued : ( 2 ) Cooper inspect the car . come around to the front of the car he notice the windshield . on the windshield someone have write the word , " let 's rock " . 38 . ext . wind river , near deer meadow - afternoon Cooper stare into the stream . cooper ( dictating into he recorder ) Diane , it 's 4:20 in the afternoon . I be stand here at wind River where they find the body of Teresa bank . Diane , this case have get a strange feel for I . not only have agent Chester desmond disappear but this be one of Cole 's Blue Rose case . the clue that be find by agent desmond and agent stanley have lead to dead end . the letter below the fingernail give I the feel that the killer will strike again . but like the song say , " ... who know where or when " . 39 . ext . twin peak - day shot of the twin peak sign . then on screen it read : twin peak one year later - exactly seven day before the murder of LAURA palmer 40 . ext . the palmer house - day LAURA palmer walk towards we . the picture of a homecome Queen . 41 . ext . FBI headquarters , philadelphia - day re-establish . on screen it read : " philadelphia , pennsylvania " 42 . int . cole's office Cooper talk with Cole . cooper Gordon , it be 10:10 , on February 15th . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 33 . 42 . continued : gordon so ? cooper I be worried about today from the dream I tell you about . cole right . ( not sure what to say ) good work . Cooper look at the calendar in the room and check he watch . he walk from the room . 43 . int . hallway below the surveillance camera - same Cooper stare into the lens of the camera for a moment . then sprint to the surveillance room . 44 . int . surveillance room Cooper stare at the monitor . see nothing on the screen but a empty hallway . 45 . ext . buenos aire HOTEL - day Nice sunny day . the dity in all its glory . on screen it read : " buenos aire " 46 . int . buenos aire HOTEL - day phillip jeffries check into the hotel . head clerk here 's you key , Mr. jeffries . I hope you enjoy you stay here at the Palm deluxe. ( grab a note ) this be for you . the joven ... ah ... young lady ... she leave it . ring the bell . a bellhop appear . Young , sweat , and eager . jeffries hand he the key . bellhop 612 --- very nice . he pick up jeffries ' bag and head for the elevator . 47 . int . hallway below the surveillance camera - same Cooper run out to the hall again stare into the camera . he stay there for a moment then run back to the surveillance room . ** August 8 , 1991 34 . 48 . int . surveillance room - same Cooper stare at the monitor which still show a empty hallway . 49 . int . hallway below the surveillance camera - same back on cooper he run back out the door into the hallway . behind he at the end of the hall a door open and _phillip_jeffries_who_moments_ago_was_in_ _ buenos_ aires_ enter the hallway head towards Cooper , but Cooper do not see he because he be stare intently into the camera as he have do twice before . 50 . int . surveillance room - same Cooper race into the room and stare into the monitor . 51 . on the monitor this time Cooper be amaze to see himself stare into the camera , and behind he be Phillip jeffries come towards he and the camera . on the screen jeffries walk past Cooper . cooper ( shouting ) Gordon . Cooper run into Gordon 's office . 52 . int . gordon' office as Cooper get to Gordon 's office , Albert and Cole be stand there stare bug eye at Phillip jeffries . cole phillip ! Albert stand up . albert Phillip ? jeffries move into the room . Cooper step into the office . cooper Phillip ? cole cooper , meet the long lost phillip jeffries . you may have heard of he at the academy . jeffries stare at the threesome . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 35 . 52 . continued : jeffries I be not go to talk about Judy . keep Judy out of this . cooper but ... Cole calm Cooper . cole stand fast , coop . jeffries ( point at Cooper ) who do you think that be there ? albert ( try to calm jeffries ) suffered some bump on the old noggin' , eh , phil ? cole what the hell did he say ? ( point at Cooper ) that's special agent dale cooper . ( focus on jeffries ) be you okay , jeffries ? where the hell have you be ? jeffries I want to tell you everything , but I do not have a lot to go on . but I will tell you one thing : Judy be positive about this . albert how interesting . I think we be go to keep Judy out of this . jeffries stumble to a chair . jeffries listen to I carefully . I see one of they meeting . it be above a convenience store . albert who 's meeting ? where have you be ? cole for GOD sake , jeffries , you 've be gone for damn near two year . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 36 . 52 . continued : ( 2 ) jeffries it be a dream . ( take Albert by the arm ) we live inside a dream . albert and it 's raining Post toasty . jeffries ( shouting ) no , no . I find something ... in Seattle at Judy 's ... and then , there they be ... Albert be about to say something , but be stop by Cole 's gentle pressure on he arm . jeffries they sit quietly for hour . 53 . int . room above the convenience store - day six people in a large , barren , filthy room . cheap plastic storm window flap in the cold wind . in the foreground the man from another place ( Mike ) and bob sit at a formica table . behind they on plastic tear chair huddle mrs . tremond and she grandson . two big woodsmen with full beard sit quietly . first woodsman ( subtitle ) we have descend from pure air . man from another place ( subtitle ) go up and down . intercourse between the two world . bob ( subtitle ) Light of new discovery . mrs . tremond ( subtitle ) why not be compose of material and combination of atom ? mrs . tremond grandson ( subtitle ) this be no accident . man from another place ( subtitle ) this be a formica table . Green be its color . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 37 . 53 . continued : he touch the table . first woodsman ( subtitle ) we world . man from another place ( subtitle ) with chrome . any everything will proceed cyclically . second woodsman ( subtitle ) boneless . mike ( subtitle ) yes , find the middle place . Bob begin to scream with anger . bob ( subtitle ) I have the FURY of my own momentum . tremond grandson ( subtitle ) fell a victim . the man from another place raise he hand . man from another place ( subtitle ) Fire walk with I ... Bob clap he hand and a circle of fire appear in the room . bob ( subtitle ) Fire walk with me. through the circle we see the red room . on the scene Bob crawl into the Red room and Mike start to yell and leap in after he . second woodsman ( subtitle ) thus time move on . ** August 8 , 1991 38 . 54 . back in the FBI office jeffries I follow . jeffries begin to cry quietly at he table . jeffries ( to himself ) the ring ... ring ... cole ( hint ) albert , i'll take that second mineral water . after a hesitation , Albert get the " message " and discreetly leave the room . cole ( continue ) phillip , let' calm down and get all of this interesting story on paper . Cole try to raise someone on the intercom but it do not seem to have any juice . cole ( continue ) ( into the speaker ) hello ... hello . he be get nothing . the static begin to build on the intercom . the wiring in the wall and the flourescent light start to hum as well . cole ( continue ) let I hear some good news . my device be faulty . where the hell be the SOUND in this thing ? ( pound on the intercom ) mayday ... hear " May " , jeffries turn and stare at a _calendar_on_the_wall_ . move into jeffries . jeffries May ? 1989 ? closeup : jeffries stare at the calendar . it be 1989 . back on the scene Cooper look out of the room to see if anyone be come to help Cole ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 39 . 54 . continued : who be still try to get the intercom to work . the static grow even louder . cole what ... am I alone ? Cole turn back to jeffries . _but_there_is_no_one_there_ . jeffries be go . paper from Cole 's desk be now stick to jeffries chair . cole he's gone . cooper ( come back into the room ) what ? cole albert , come back here . he's gone call the front desk . albert ( on the phone ) I have get the front desk right now . he never be here . no record of he enter the building ... and the doctor should be here any minute . cole ( frustration building ) great . I , myself , am go to be ready for they . cooper what 's go on ? Albert rush back into the room . cole quickly men ... word association , coop . what be you thinking about right now ? cooper Teresa bank . cole albert ? albert tylenol . cole ( to Cooper ) why be you thinking about teresa ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 40 . 54 . continued : ( 2 ) cole ( continue ) bank , coop ? cooper it be a year ago today that Teresa bank be kill . I be wonder if the murderer will ever kill again . cole albert , why tylenol ? albert no offense , sir , but after a day with you it be mandatory . 55 . int . buenos aire HOTEL corridor - same jeffries be suddenly stand in the second story hallway of the Buenos Aires Palm deluxe Hotel . the wall behind he be sear black and smoking . a terrify maid be whimper and scamper away from jeffries try to stave away a epileptic fit . she be look at he like he be the devil personify . the bellhop have run further away , but have turn back to see jeffries reappear . he be afraid to come any closer . jeffries ( to bellhop ) hey ... hey ... bellhop ( half cry ) oh , Mr. jeffries . De shit it come out of my ass ! Santa Maria , where do you go ? they stare at each other as the blacken wall continue to smoke . 56 . int . surveillance room - day Cooper and Cole sit in front of the monitor . Cooper play back the surveillance tape . _it_shows_jeffries_coming_up_behind_cooper_. _ then_moving_past_him_ . Cooper turn to Cole . cooper he be here . dissolve to : 57 . ext . hayward house Laura palmer continue down the sidewalk towards we . on screen it read : ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 41 . 57 . continued : " thursday - seven day before " Laura stop and turn . we suddenly find ourselves in front of the hayward House . LAURA donna ?... donna ?... laura' Pov donna hayward gather she book and come out the door . donna just a minute , Laura . 58 . on the sidewalk donna join Laura . LAURA if I be go to get through math today , you be go to have to bring I up to speed quick . donna you do not do you homework ? LAURA noooo ... donna ( a pal ) okay , this test be go to be about the theorem I tell you about last week . you remember the ... LAURA do not tell I now . tell I right before the test . I will not be able to remember long enough . donna you graduate this year will be proof that miracle happen . LAURA thanks . Laura tweak donna 's cheek . donna James call I last night look for you . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 42 . 58 . continued : LAURA when ? donna the usual , 9:15 . LAURA he probably want to drive over . donna be you with Bobby ? or be you two still fight ? LAURA no , and yes . I do not know what I be go to do about Bobby . I know he be see someone else and that 's okay with I , and he think I be see someone else and that 's not okay with he . donna be you go to tell he about that " someone else " ? LAURA I do not know what to do . donna you know what you problem be ? ( smile ) you be just too adorable ... LAURA ( smile back ) you know , I think you be right . I be just too adorable . donna grab she and shake she shoulder . donna ( sing -song ) Laura palmer , you be just too adorable . LAURA ( join she - laugh ) I be just too adorable . I be just too adorable . they continue up the sidewalk laugh . 59 . ext . twin peak high school - day establish . ** August 8 , 1991 43 . 60 . int . twin peak high school - day on Laura and donna as they walk in . five of they admirer watch Laura and donna with love and worship . they sing a kind of pine but cool chant with knee bent and arm outstretch . admirer " Laura ... donna ... Laura ... donna ... " on donna as they continue down the hall . a cool mike nelson snap he finger ala Bobby for donna to come to he . without miss a beat donna change direction . Mike have to hustle to catch up with she . mike ( put he arm around donna ) that 's why you need a real man , Babe , you be tough to handle . donna and you be the real man ? 61 . int . outside the girl bathroom jame hurley move up behind Laura and push close to she . LAURA James ... jame Laura , I will meet you at 2:30 after phy . ed. LAURA okay . James smile and walk off . Laura enter the girl ' room . 62 . int . girl ' room - day Laura duck into a stall and do a quick hit of cocaine . the school bell ring simultaneously . 63 . int . hallway in front of trophy case - same bobby brigg saunter into school - late as usual . the corridor be empty . everyone else be in class . he walk to Laura 's portrait in the trophy case . kiss the glass protect it . bobby hey , baby . he continue on happy and ultra-cool to he class . dissolve to : ** August 8 , 1991 44 . 64 . school clock it read : 2:30 . 65 . int . custodian be room - day James wait for Laura amidst the clean drum and broom . the door swing open and Laura slide in wear only a towel . they embrace in the half light . jame Laura , do you love I ? LAURA yes , I love you . I have tell you , but it do not really matter . jame why ? it do . LAURA no , it do not ... just kiss I . jame it do matter . we be in love . LAURA James , you do not know what you be talk about . quit try to hold on so tight . I be go ... long go like a turkey through the corn . jame you be not a turkey . a turkey be one of the dumbest bird on earth . LAURA ( small smile ) gobble , gobble , gobble . he smile . she kiss he and he respond . jame do not ever leave , Laura , ever . I will never leave you . Laura move into he . a hopeless embrace . his eye full of hope and Laura 's empty . she pull he to the floor to make love . 66 . ext . the high school - day a bell ring and , after a moment , student and teachers start to move out . Bobby catch up with Laura and donna . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 45 . 66 . continued : bobby where be you for the last hour ? I have be lookin ' for you ? LAURA I be right behind you , but you be too dumb to turn around . ( laugh with donna ) if he turn around he might get dizzy and fall down . Bobby grab she roughly and spin she around . student stop and stare . bobby ( very angry ) I 'm not kiddin ' . where be you ? who be you with ? LAURA get lose Bobby . bobby oh , yeah ? you will be callin ' soon and maybe I be not gonna be there . LAURA ( very smooth , coo ) oh , come on , sweetie , give I one of you smile . Bobby can not hold onto he anger . slowly a huge smile spread across he face . bobby ( smile ) Love ya , Babe . dissolve to : 67 . int . hayward house , live room - day donna and Laura . eat nut . donna be stretch out on the sofa and Laura be in a chair with she leg over the top . she be almost upside down . nothing go on . eileen hayward roll through the live room in she wheelchair and make a quick check of the nut supply . LAURA hi , e.h. ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 46 . 67 . continued : eileen ( with a nod to Laura ) l.p. ( to donna ) d.h. donna Mom H. eileen motor out . donna ( continue ) ( to Laura ) be you go to see James tonight ? LAURA why be you suddenly so interested in who I be go to see at night ? nighttime be my time . donna you be tell I , but only because you never let I in on any of it ... you be not go to see Bobby , be you ? LAURA maybe . donna oh god , Laura . LAURA well , why not ? donna because Bobby be a loser , you say so yourself . he 's a goon . ( she sigh to herself ) James be the one . ( get very dreamy ) he love you with that " last love " ... " true love " . Laura look at donna . LAURA yes , James be very sweet . why do not you get out you violin , donna ? donna sweet ? God , he 's gorgeous . LAURA James be very sweet and very gorgeous . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 47 . 67 . continued : ( 2 ) donna drift off . donna I wonder if Mike could ever write a poem ? both of they drift off . donna ( continue ) do you think that if you be fall in space you would slow down after a while or go faster and faster ? LAURA faster and faster . for a long time you would not feel anything . then you would burst into fire ... forever . donna study she friend and think about what she have say . after a beat . donna maybe I better start we homework . LAURA okay , I suppose I should go home . donna call I . LAURA sure . what do you want I to call you ? donna call I anything just do not call I late for dinner . they laugh . 68 . ext . palmer house - day Laura come home from donna 's . 69 . int . palmer house Laura come in the front door . no one seem to be home . LAURA Mom ... Mom ? no answer - she head up to she room . 70 . int . palmer house , stair and fan Laura move up to she bedroom . ** August 8 , 1991 48 . 71 . int . laura' room - day Laura come into she room and drop she book on she bed . she go to the window and open it - take a package of cigarettes out , pull one out and light it . she go to she " public " diary which she keep on she desk . open it to page one take out a packet full of cocaine . like a pro she take out she " cocaine gadget " from she purse and take a snort . then another . Big sigh of relief . now she move to she " private " diary behind she dresser - get a pen , ready to write and start to freak out . page be miss . first , she discover one , then more . Laura panic . drop she cocaine gadget back into she purse and take she private diary , she sprint from the room . 72 . int . palmer house , entrance way - day Laura run down the step nearly collide with she mom , sarah palmer , come home with a load of grocery . a cigarette in she mouth . sarah Laura , honey ... ( smoke go into she tear eye ) cigarette ... cigarette ... Laura take it out of she mouth . LAURA can I take the car ? sarah sure honey , what 's the hurry ? LAURA I forget my book at school . Laura run from the house . sarah Laura . LAURA what ? Laura look back to see she mom dangle the car key in front of she . Laura come back to get the key still hold the burn cigarette . Sarah sternly take the cigarette from Laura 's hand . as they make the exchange . sarah you will never be a smoker if you do not ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 49 . 72 . continued : sarah ( continue ) start . I mean it . take a drag . with barely a nod , Laura be go . 73 . ext . two lane black top in lotown - day Laura speed through lotown in she mom 's ' 56 roadmaster buick . 74 . ext . harold smith's apartment - day Laura skid up outside the apartment . then back the car up to a darker , more enclose area amongst some tree . cautiously , she get out of the car and then hurry to harold 's door . at the door Laura frantically knock at the door . harold smith answer . harold Laura ? 75 . int . harold smith's apartment - day Laura rush past he to the sofa , open the book for he to see . LAURA my secret diary . there be page miss . harold who would do that ? LAURA bob. harold but Bob be not real . LAURA the page be go . that 's real . harold maybe . LAURA Bob be real . he 's be " have " I since I be 12 . stun , harold do not know what to do . LAURA ( continue ) the diary be hide too well . he 's the ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 50 . 75 . continued : LAURA ( continue ) only one who could know where it be . he 's get to know I , now . he 's real he speak to I . harold what do Bob say ? LAURA ( whisper ) he want to be I ... or he will kill I . harold no ... no ... LAURA ( strangely ) oh , yes ... yes ... Laura start towards he frightening harold . harold what ? please . she allow the feel of Bob to come over she and she begin to scream . harold step back , but Laura grab he . to he face with a horrifying expression on hers . LAURA FIRE walk with I . she bury herself on he shoulder . LAURA ( whisper ) the tree ... the tree ... they break . LAURA ( continue ) you have to hide the diary , harold . you make I write it all down . he do not know about you . you will be safe . she stare at harold . her eye widen , terrify with suspicion . LAURA you be not Bob be you , harold ? if you be , you can kill I right now . kill I right now , if you be . harold Laura , no , I be not . I be not bob. ( begin to shake and cry ) ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 51 . 75 . continued : ( 2 ) harold ( continue ) poor Laura . I wish I could help you . he hold she . LAURA I hate he , I hate it . sometimes I love it . but now I be afraid . I be so afraid . harold but you be strong Laura ... so much stronger than I ... how can I help you ? I can not . I can not even go outside . Laura reach up and tenderly touch he cheek . harold ( continue ) what about James ? can not James help you ? you two be so in love . LAURA ( flat ) he 's in love with a girl who 's dead . ( hand he the diary ) it _is_ dangerous for you to have it . I be sorry . harold ( think only of she ) I be so sorry , Laura . she pull he to she and kiss he passionately . LAURA I do not know when I can come back . maybe never . Laura slowly go out the door . harold can only watch . 76 . ext . harold smith's apartment - day Laura go out to the car . 77 . int . / ext . buick roadmaster - day Laura start the car and take a snort of cocaine . Laura pull out onto the highway . we stay with she watch she face - struggle with the prospect of the terrifying future . ** August 8 , 1991 52 . 78 . int . palmer dine room - night Laura rush in to find she mom set the table . Sarah stop and stare at Laura . sarah you lie to I about that school book . I find they upstairs on you bed . LAURA ( suspicion and paranoia ) what be you do in my room ? sarah I be look for that blue sweater that you borrow which I find ball up in the bottom of you closet . now why do you lie to I ? where do you go ? LAURA I have to see Bobby . I know you really do not like Bobby , but there be a problem and I do not think you would understand . sarah oh , honey , you do not have to lie to I . ever . you can tell I anything . I will understand . LAURA I be sorry , Mom . sarah now hurry , dinner 's almost ready . you father say he 's starve . dissolve to : 79 . int . palmer dine room - night Laura be already at the table . Sarah put the rest of the dinner on the table and sit down just as leland palmer enter from the kitchen . he be pretend he be a giant . use a voice like a giant . leland ( big giant voice ) hello , Laura . hello Sarah . where 's my axe ? ( sing ) " I be hungry " . sarah oh , leland . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 53 . 79 . continued : LAURA ( embarrassed ) dad . leland ( suddenly speak norwegian ) hyggelig a mote dem . jeg heter leland palmer . translation be : how be you ? my name be leland palmer . Laura and Sarah stare at he . leland the Norwegians be come next week and I want you to learn to say what I just learn in norwegian . so you can talk to they . I want you to learn to say , " hello , my name be leland palmer " . LAURA but my name be not leland palmer . sarah neither be mine . and can not we talk about something serious for a change . leland this be serious . Mr. Benjamin horne 's get a delegation of Norwegians come in next week and I want both of you to learn to introduce yourself . Sarah , you first . leland repeat he phrase for Sarah 's benefit . leland hyggelig a mote dem . jeg heter leland palmer . Sarah stumble through it . sarah hyggelig a mote dem . jeg heter Sarah palmer . leland repeat he phrase back to she . extends he hand in a friendly handshake . leland good . we will practice some more . Laura , now you try it . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 54 . 79 . continued : ( 2 ) laughingly , Laura do the same thing . LAURA hyggelig a mote dem . jeg heter Laura palmer . after Laura be do . leland all together now ... leland extend a hand to each of they . a air of insanity seem to come over the palmer dining room as they all begin to laugh hysterically and talk in break norwegian . dissolve to : 80 . int . laura' room - late night the clock read : 11:30 . Laura 's hand open the window and release the screen . Laura silently sneak out the window and down the side of she house . 81 . ext . side of the highway - later a big semi come to a stop at a wide spot in the road . Laura climb into the truck . 82 . int . truck - same the trucker smile . eager . trucker friend of Leo 's , right ? partyland ? Laura begin to unbutton she blouse . turn and sneak a toot of cocaine . trucker ( continue ) ( catch she ) wait a minute . Leo say this be my party . Laura put she hand between he leg . LAURA if you can fuck and drive the party start right now . momentarily take aback , the trucker stare at she . Laura take he hand and put it on the gear shift . LAURA ( continue ) you shift that one . this one 's mine . she climb over on top of he . ** August 8 , 1991 55 . 83 . ext . the truck - same the stack blow . the truck roll away onto the road . we watch it as it moan into the distance - the sound slowly diminish and fade . nature ' nighttime sound take over . finally , we hear the _hooting_ _of_an_owl_ . 84 . ext . philadelphia FBI office - day reestablish . 85 . int . office - day Albert and Cooper . albert Cooper , the ooze of mumbo jumbo be rise up above we head . do you honestly think Cole 's practice of word association work ? cooper the very fact that we be talk about word association mean we be in a space that be open up by we practice of word association . the world be a hologram , Albert . albert yes , it 's a great big psychedelic circus ride , be not it , Cooper ? cooper Albert . albert you say , " Teresa bank " , so you think something be go on somewhere in the world right now that be connect with she murder ? cooper yes . either right now or right when I think of it . the name and memory of Teresa bank be haunt I . lately I have be fill with a knowingness that the murderer will strike again . because it be only a feel , I be powerless to stop it . and another thing , Albert , when the next murder happen you will help I solve it . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 56 . 85 . continued : albert let 's test it for the record . will the next victim be a man or a woman ? cooper a woman . albert what color hair will she have ? cooper blonde . albert tell I some other thing about she . cooper she 's in high school . she 's sexually active . she 's on drug . she 's cry out for some help . albert you be describe half the high school girl in America . ( off Cooper 's look ) what be she do right now ? cooper ( close he eye to see a mental picture ) she be prepare a great abundance of food . Albert let go a small laugh of disbelief and shake he head in exasperation . 86 . ext . double R diner - afternoon establish . 87 . int . double R diner - afternoon Laura come out of the kitchen stack some of she " meal on wheel " on the counter . on screen it read : " friday - six day before " norma jenning and shelly johnson watch from the cash register . shelly be ringing someone out , hand back they change . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 57 . 87 . continued : norma shelly , would you give Laura a quick hand with the " meal on wheel " ? shelly I be kind of busy , Norma . norma you be not busy , sweetheart , now go . with a little squeeze of the hand and a gentle shove , Norma move shelly towards Laura who be at the end of the counter . the door open to the diner and ed and nadine hurley come in . nadine stop when she see Norma . nadine I change my mind , I do not want any coffee , Eddie . nadine go out . as she walk past Ed he look at Norma and make a " what can I do " gesture . ed sorry , Norma . Ed go out . shelly and LAURA shelly approach sheepishly . shelly can I give you a hand get the dinner together ? LAURA that 's alright , shelly . I know you have better thing to do . shelly ( disregard the jab ) Norma ask I to give you a hand . LAURA okay . you can help I carry they to the car . shelly gather up a pile of the dinner and take they out to the " meal on wheel " car . ** August 8 , 1991 58 . 88 . ext . the double R - day shelly load she stuff in the back . she return to the diner and Laura follow do the same . as Laura place she dinner in the back something catch she eye and she turn . laura' Pov Mrs. tremond and she grandson be stand in the parking lot stare at Laura . Mrs. tremond wave to Laura to come over . when Laura come to they Mrs. tremond hold out a frame picture . tremond this would look nice on you wall . she hand Laura the picture . it be a picture of a room with flower wallpaper and a dark doorway in its corner . Laura 's study of it be interrupt by the grandson . grandson he 's look for a book with page tear out . he 's walk towards the hide place . he 's move under the fan now . another angle shelly come out of the diner with another load of meal . Laura turn back to she and then back to the tremond , who be walk away from she and be farther away than they realistically could be . Laura come to shelly in a panic . LAURA shelly , you really can help I . I can not do the " meal on wheel " today . I just can not . shelly okay . Laura run off . shelly put she load into the car as she watch Laura . 89 . int . double R - day shelly go to Norma . shelly Laura just take off . she ask I to do the run today . should I do it ? norma what 's with that Laura ? yeah , sure , take a look around . there 's no one here ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 59 . 89 . continued : norma ( continue ) anyway . shelly you be right . there 's no one here . norma there 's no one here . shelly Norma , be you alright ? Norma just turn away and pick up some dirty dish . norma come back as soon as you can . shelly if Leo come here , he will not believe that I be out do the " meal on wheel " . norma do not worry , shelly , I will handle Leo . shelly leave the diner . on norma in the empty diner Norma walk over and sit in a booth . she study the empty diner . after a while the cook , toad , call from the kitchen . a distant forlorn call . toad kind of quiet . closeup : on norma she start to cry . 90 . ext . palmer house - day Laura run home . holding the picture from Mrs. tremond throughout . LAURA ( frantic whisper ) he 's look for the book , he 's go to the hide place ! laura' Pov she stop and stare . her house suddenly look very frightening to she . she slowly cross she front yard and enter the house . ** August 8 , 1991 60 . 91 . int . palmer house - day Laura come in the front door still hold the picture . she cross through the dining room . 92 . int . palmer house , stair - day Laura move ever so slowly up the stair - the fan still and silent above she . at the top of the stair , she stop and stare at she bedroom door . her whole body be shaking . her hand go out in front of she . she touch she bedroom door and inch it open . 93 . int . laura' bedroom - day the open of the door reveal more and more of she room . suddenly it reveal Bob stand in she room at she dresser . he have pull the dresser away from the wall look for something . on bob he be freeze . smiling at she . on the scene with a scream , Laura bolt from she room . 94 . ext . palmer house - same Laura race out of the house still hold tremond 's picture . 95 . ext . palmer' neighbor's house Laura run across two yard to a large tree and fall to she knee , cry . she look up and see she father come out the front door of she house . she watch he cross to he car and drive away . LAURA ( frantic whisper ) what ? it can not be ... it can not be he ... no ... no ... Laura be come apart , sobbing . behind she , on the sidewalk , a neighbor have notice she . woman Laura ... a closer look reveal how upset Laura be . woman what ... Laura be you all right ? ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 61 . 95 . continued : Laura turn away so the woman can not see she cry . the woman take a couple of step off the sidewalk onto the grass . LAURA ( try to hold it together ) I ... lose my necklace ... it must have fall . Laura mime that she have find she gold half - heart necklace . she pretend to be clasp she gold half - heart necklace which be already around she neck . LAURA ( clumsily ) oh , here it be . woman move back to the sidewalk . woman well , I be glad you find it , darling . slowly , Laura stand and move away - leave Mrs. tremond 's picture on the grass under the tree . 96 . ext . palmer house Laura stand in front of she house . terrify . 97 . int . palmer house - same no bob. listen to the house ... stand in the entrance way . 98 . live room - same Laura listen . hear nothing . 99 . stair and hallway she stop and stare at the fan then slowly make she way up the stair towards she room . 100 . int . laura' room - same no Bob in she room . the dresser be back in its place . Laura race out . 101 . ext . palmer neighborhood street - day Laura run down the sidewalk . 102 . int . hayward house - day donna answer the door . Laura stand there out of breath . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 62 . 102 . continued : donna Laura ? LAURA donna , be you my best friend ? donna of course ... Laura dive toward donna and into a hug . donna what be it Laura ? what 's wrong ? LAURA I just want a friend . just one friend for just one minute ... donna Laura , how about one friend for the rest of you whole life ? LAURA yes , that 's what I want . thanks D. donna okay , L. ( look into Laura 's eye , a step toward confront something unspoken ) I be you friend ... always . but sometimes ... lately ... I feel that you do not like be around I because I be so uptight . ( off Laura 's look ) no , I be uptight . I hate it ... I do not want to be this way , but Laura I do not ... I mean ... I be you friend no matter what way you be . LAURA you know , even when I think about you face I get happier . they go in and sit down on the couch . donna do you want to talk ? LAURA no , I want to smoke . she dig for a cigarette in she purse . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 63 . 102 . continued : ( 2 ) donna I be in a mess today , too . ( take a breath ) I be think about do it with Mike . what do you think ? LAURA ( still look for a cigarette ) donna , you be such a crack up . you do not even like Mike . be this what you be go to do to show I you be not uptight . donna this be about sex , not like . ( yell to the kitchen ) Mom , Laura 's here and I think I will have one of that huckleberry muffins . ( to Laura ) you want a muffin ? LAURA if I can smoke it . donna you want a muffin ? LAURA donna , you be a muffin . they hear doc hayward in the kitchen . he walk in with a magician 's handkerchief . with a flourish he try to pull something out of it . instead he stand there empty hand . doc the red rise . where be the red rise ? ( frustrated ) you know the light at sparkwood and 21 ? it work right there . I just do it right there . Laura find a cigarette finally and light it . doc ( stand and stare at Laura smoking ) why be it that you can not smoke at you home and I be a doctor and I do not allow smoking in my home and I let you smoke in my home ? ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 64 . 102 . continued : ( 3 ) LAURA ( smile she killer smile ) because you love I so much . doc I do love you , you little smoking whipper snapper . eileen hayward bring out the muffins on she lap in she wheel chair . all four have muffins . eileen this muffins each have at least seven full huckleberry in they . while eat Doc take out a piece of paper and stare blankly at it . the girl exchange glance about what dad be do as they chew on the muffins . Doc be struggle . donna dad , what in the world be you do ? doc what the hell be this ? donna peek over he shoulder . donna it 's a prescription . doc be it ? donna dad . doc my handwrite be so bad that now I can not even read it . you girl better hurry up and graduate from high school so you can take care of I . donna and LAURA we will take care of you . they go over to Doc and give he a knuckle rub . eileen laugh along with the two girl . the phone ring and Doc get it . doc ( on the phone ) yep , she 's right here , leland ... ( to Laura ) ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 65 . 102 . continued : ( 4 ) doc ( continue ) it 's for you . it 's you father . Laura go tentatively to the phone . LAURA hello ... leland voice time to come home for dinner , honey . Laura hang up the phone . LAURA I gotta go . donna lead Laura to the door . there be something wrong and donna be beginning to feel it . donna try to cheer she up . donna Goodbye , muffin . LAURA no , you be the muffin . Laura leave . as donna close the door , Laura call back to she . LAURA no , you be right . I be the muffin . 103 . int . palmer house - night Laura come in the door and there be leland at the dining room table ready for dinner . leland see she . leland hi , honey , how 's donna ? LAURA Fine . leland School ? LAURA ...school 's fine ... leland sit down ... sit down ... be you hungry ? LAURA not really . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 66 . 103 . continued : Laura just plop into she seat . leland you do not wash you hand before you sit down for dinner do you ? from across the table leland look at she fingernails . he stand to come for a closer look . leland let I see . LAURA dad ... closeup : laura' ring fingernail leland you hand be filthy ... look , there be dirt way under this fingernail . Sarah , cigarette drape from she lip , be deliver some mashed potato to the table . sarah leland , what be you do ? leland look at this finger here . he be look at the finger . sarah leland ... leland Laura do not wash she hand before dinner . ( notice the necklace ) and look at this . he reach for it . Laura 's hand fly up and stop he . leland 's other hand come up and she let he take the half heart out . leland oh , be this from a lover ? Laura have no response . leland ( continue ) do you get this from you lover ? ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 67 . 103 . continued : ( 2 ) sarah they do not call they lover in high school , leland . leland Bobby do not give you this ? sarah how would you know if Bobby do not give she that ? leland start pinching Laura 's cheek . leland ( as he be pinching ) do Bobby give you that or be there someone new ? sarah leland leave she alone ... she do not like that . stop it . leland how do you know what she do not like ? a beat then a return to what be normal . sarah oh , leland , sit down and eat you dinner . leland oh , I will sit down , but none of we be go to start eat till Laura go and wash she hand . leland sit stoically . Laura rise from the table . 104 . int . bathroom - night as Laura wash she hand , she stare at she reflection . terrify . dissolve to : 105 . int . laura' bedroom laura' clock it say : 10:35 . 106 . int . leland and sarah' bedroom Sarah and leland get ready for bed . leland stop , stand freeze for ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 68 . 106 . continued : a moment , then begin to cry . sarah what be it , leland ? leland can barely speak . leland I can not remember the last time I tell Laura that I love she . Sarah go to leland . they embrace , tenderly , across the many year of they strain marriage . sarah well , honey , go in and tell she now . 107 . int . laura' bedroom Laura stare at the hand of the clock . with a start , she look up . her father be in she room . he stand in the doorway . leland Laura , honey ... he move to she and touch she face . leland ( continue ) I love you . I love you so much . Laura can hardly speak . she squeeze he hand . leland goodnight , princess . he leave the room . Laura watch the door close . she sit freeze for a moment , with a tear in she eye , then she remember something . mrs . tremond picture the picture lie there in the night dew under the tree in the neighbor 's yard . 108 . ext . palmer house , outside laura' bedroom - night Laura go down the trellise and run across the lawn . 109 . ext . neighbor be lawn - night Laura hunt around the tree for the picture , finally find it . she run back towards she house . ** August 8 , 1991 69 . 110 . int . laura' room - night Laura climb through the window and hang the picture on a little hook on the wall and crawl into bed . she turn off the light and stare at the picture in the dark . dissolve to : 111 . int . LAURA palmer' bedroom - night she be asleep . 112 . mrs . tremond picture we hold on the picture . as if by magic , we suddenly begin to move into the picture - into the room in the picture and through the dark doorway in the room in the picture . on the other side of the dark doorway there be another room . Mrs. tremond be stand in that room . she be beckone we towards she and beyond she through yet another doorway . we move through the second doorway and on the other side of that doorway there be another room . Mrs. tremond 's grandson be stand in that room . he be hold he hand above he as if he be grasp a imaginary glass ball . as we move towards the space between he hand a ring of fire appear there and we move through that into ... 113 . int . red room the man from another place walk into the red room to a table . a ring lie upon the table . cooper enter the red room . the man from another place turn toward Cooper . man from another place be it future ? or be it past ?... do you know who I be ?... I be the Arm ... and I sound like this ... the man from another place put he hand in front of he lip and make a indian whoop sound . the man from another place pick up the ring and move it very close to we . we recognize it as Teresa bank ' ring . the symbol on the ring be identical to the symbol of owl cave . Cooper seem concerned . cooper ( to camera ) do not take the ring ... Laura , do not take the ring . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 70 . 113 . continued : the man from another place move the ring towards we till the ring fill the screen . 114 . back in laura' room Laura in a somnambular state be half awaken by a noise . she try to move she leave arm , but it have fall asleep . she move it with she right arm . sfx : the noise it sound as if someone be call she name . on LAURA she turn to she right to see who it be , then turn back to she leave she discover annie blackburn lie in bed with she . Annie have blood around she mouth . she try to raise herself and strain to speak . annie my name be Annie . I have be with Laura and Dale . the good Dale be in the lodge and he can not leave . write it in you diary . on laura' door her mother call she name . the sound be distant and mournful . on LAURA Laura look towards she door then turn back to Annie but she be go . fill with fear she look down and in she hand be Teresa bank ' ring . she scream . again , she attention be draw to she door and she mother 's distant call . still hold the ring she get out of bed and go to she door and slowly open it . it be dark on the other side of the door . at the doorway of laura' bedroom in the doorway Laura get a strange feel in back of she and turn to look at Mrs. tremond 's picture . there in the picture be Laura ( herself ) in the doorway look back into the darken room where Mrs. tremond and she grandson be . 115 . mrs . tremond picture Laura be in the picture . in the picture Laura turn around in the doorway of the picture and look down at she room . ** August 8 , 1991 71 . 116 . laura' picture Pov of her room Laura see herself asleep in she bed . closeup : LAURA asleep in she bed . on the scene she wake up from she dream . try to clear she head . look at the photo and nothing be there -- look like the day before . she look in she hand and the ring be go . Laura get out of bed and go to Mrs. tremond 's picture hang on the wall . she stare at it . she slowly take it off the wall and place it in the trash . tremble she do two line of cocaine . dissolve to : 117 . ext . palmer house - morning reestablish . on screen it read : " saturday - five day before " James come by on he bike . he beep out a signal on the bike 's horn . after a beat Laura run out to he . jame where be you last night ? we be suppose to get together . you do not show up . LAURA you be suppose to show up . maybe I be not . jame we be suppose to be together . LAURA how can I be together if I be not together ? jame you be on something ' again , be not you ? LAURA James ... ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 72 . 117 . continued : jame when be I go to see you ? leland come out the door of the house . look at Laura and James . Laura can feel he stare . LAURA I gotta go . James just look at she then gun he bike and roar away . Laura walk back to the front door where she father stand . leland who be that ? LAURA a friend from school . leland a special friend ? Laura look at she dad , eyeball to eyeball for a moment . then she walk past he to the stair . 118 . int . the stairway - day the fan turn slowly as Laura go up the stair . bob' voice Laura . Laura 's head snap around . LAURA no ... no , go away . bob' voice I be glad you let I talk to you . you use to not let I talk to you . LAURA go away . I be not talk to you . bob' voice I want you . Sarah palmer be at the bottom of the stair . sarah Laura ? Laura jump . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 73. 118 . continued : sarah Laura , now I can not find that blue sweater . do you take it again ? LAURA Mom ... what be you wear ? Sarah look down . she be wear the sweater that she be look for . sarah my god , I be go to have another breakdown . God , god . LAURA Mom , take it easy . Laura start down the stair towards she mother . sarah no , no ... this can not be happen . Laura hold she mother . LAURA Mom , you be not have a nervous breakdown . Sarah pull away from Laura and wander into the live room . Laura watch she go feel helpless . 119 . int . johnson' kitchen - day leo johnson be rag on shelly . he be down on he hand and knee show she how to scrub the floor . leo someone who know how to clean know where the object be before she start clean and then that object go back to its exact same spot . shelly , I know where everything in this house be . sometimes on the road I mentally go through this whole house and picture where every item be . shelly Lay off the benny , Leo . leo ( continue he tirade ) anybody can clean the surface of a object , but dirt can find its way anywhere . to really clean , you have to ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 74 . 119 . continued : leo ( continue ) scrub below the surface . ( shouting ) where the dirt be , shelly . he scrub more . leo ( continue ) that 's one thing you be go to learn , shelly , - how to clean . it take scrubbing , shelly . there be no easy way . this be where we live , shelly . shelly as if I do not know . leo I be go to show you how to wash this tile and then you be go to do it . shelly come off it , Leo . I be late for work ... leo what do you say ? Leo go over the top pull shelly down to the floor . leo shelly , I be not fool around anymore . the first thing you have get to work on be a good attitude . that 's the key . anybody will tell you that . give she a good shot to the back of the head . shelly fall to the floor . the phone ring . Leo get up to get the phone . leo do not even _think about go anywhere , shelly . I be not finish with you . he answer the phone . leo what be you do call I here ?... no way , you already owe I money ... five thousand , to be exact . Leo look over at shelly suspiciously . ( do she hear he mention the five thousand ? ) shelly ( silently mouth it ) five thousand ??? ** August 8 , 1991 75 . 120 . int . double R - day Bobby be call from the pay phone at the diner . we hear the end of the conversation with Leo . Bobby hang up . he put in another quarter and dial again . the phone ring on the other end . 121 . int . ROADHOUSE - day a nearly empty Roadhouse . jacque renault answer the phone behind the bar . jacque how come you only call I when you be desperate ? be you desperate , baby ? intercut with : 122 . int . double R - day bobby bobby you interested or not ? jacque maybe , Bobby , baby . maybe . I have friend who have what you want . his stuff be the best . Bobby start to write information down on a napkin . bobby ( excited ) Jacques ... you crazy canadian . this sound big ... 123 . ext . palmer house - night donna drive up in she car and get out . 124 . int . palmer house , live room - night Laura be have a quick shot from the family liquor cabinet . a knock on the door . Laura pull a jacket on and go to the door . open it and see donna . donna look at she coat . donna where be you go ? LAURA no place , fast . ( a warning ) and you be not come . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 76 . 124 . continued : donna come on , Laura . I be you best friend . they move back into the live room . LAURA ( change of subject ) be not tonight the night you be go to do it with Mike ? donna Laura , be not you go to fix I a drink ? Laura shoot she a look . donna where be the cookie ? LAURA you mean Fred and Ginger ? donna Dancing . donna look around at all the ashtray fill to the brim with butt . donna ( look at the cigarettes ) if I have a nickel for every cigarette you mom smoke , I would be dead . LAURA gotta go , donna . I will call you tomorrow . Laura leave the house . donna trail behind . 125 . ext . palmer house - night Laura get into she Mom 's roadmaster and take off . donna watch she go and get in she car and follow . 126 . int . the roadmaster - night at the first stop sign Laura take another hit of cocaine . 127 . ext . ROADHOUSE - night Laura park she car and get out . at the entrance to the Roadhouse she meet the log lady , who seem to be wait for she . she step close to Laura . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 77 . 127 . continued : log lady when this kind of fire start . it be very hard to put out . the log Lady touch she . her hand be cool on Laura 's head . Laura move in behind it . push the cool hand into she face and forehead . LAURA ( whisper ) Margaret ? log lady the tender bow of innocence burn first and the wind rise - then all goodness be in jeopardy . they look into each other 's eye . the log Lady turn and leave . 128 . int . ROADHOUSE - night lot of biker and the usual gang . on stage a singer sing . as Laura come in she make eye contact with Jacques renault who be behind the bar . Laura sit at a table . Jacques nod to a couple of burly trucker who come over to Laura with drink . one of they slide she a fifty with a packet of cocaine inside . trucker let 's go around the world , babe . LAURA this be not go to get you to walla - walla . they all take a drink . trucker you do go all the way , do not you , little girl ? LAURA sooner or later . Laura reach below the table grab he hard by the ball . LAURA you willing to go all the way ? huh ? you wanna do it for I . all the way for I mean all the way - dead . the trucker turn a couple of shade towards white . donna come in ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 78 . 128 . continued : just as a beautiful song of lose love begin . Laura and donna see each other -- as the trucker toss down bourbon and beer chaser , Laura get _lost_in_the_song_and_starts_to_cry_ . donna just stare at she from the other side of the Roadhouse . after the song donna stand and walk over to Laura 's table . she reach down , pick up one of the trucker 's bourbon and downs it . donna let 's boogie . trucker ( to donna ) you part of the deal ? LAURA ( answer for she ) no , she be not . Laura and donna stare at each other . for donna 's benefit , Laura turn and give a big , juicy french kiss to one of the trucker . LAURA ( to the trucker ) what be you name again ? trucker Buck . LAURA Buck , that be really nice . donna grab Buck 's buddy , tommy , and give he the same type kiss . LAURA ( continue ) ( very serious ) all right , donna . let 's go . 129 . ext . highway 21 - night the car barrel down the highway . it 's a beat up chevy biscayne , with a hot monster engine under the hood . 130 . int . car ( biscayne ) - night Tommy drive sit next to a case of ice cold beer . donna and Laura sandwich Buck in the back seat . donna take a long swig of beer . Laura hide a hit of cocaine from donna . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 79 . 130 . continued : donna ( to Laura , a little afraid ) what be you do ? LAURA nothing . Laura laugh at donna then hold a beer up to show donna , then turn and french kiss Buck . donna reach forward to the front dash and turn the radio up full blast . Buck and Tommy start to whoop and yodel like cowboy . Buck do a indian whoop in Laura 's face . Laura freeze in horror . 131 . flashback : the red room the man from another place ( the Arm ) yodel . 132 . int . car ( biscayne ) / highway 21 slowly Laura reach over and touch Buck 's face and arm . Buck uncork another yodel . the fear leave Laura . donna ( to Laura ) I be goin ' for it . donna start make out with Buck . 133 . ext . border truck stop - night establish . Tommy take the car like a rocket into the parking lot and do a complete three sixty before rock to a stop . several big rig shadow the lot . they all pop out of Buck 's car sport " long neck " . Laura take a hit of cocaine and look up to see donna watch . Buck circle donna with he big arm and put a toot under she nose . donna no. ( turn to Laura ) I do not need to take this to be you friend . LAURA yes you do , donna . what a downer you be !!! buck ( point to skid mark behind a heat pop car ) hey , Tommy , Jacques beat we here . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 80 . 133 . continued : tommy hold on , I be chokin ' the farm feed . Tommy stand in the lot with he back to they , pissing . 134 . int . border truck stop - night the front room be a bar and restaurant with about three patron . above the bar be a sign that read : can - a - do and U.S. of fuckin ' " a " the bartender press a release underneath the counter that allow Laura to take she three friend through a door over which a sign hang announce in red neon letter : " partyland " 135 . int . partyland the group enter a large room with the filthiest wall to wall carpet imaginable . in the back corner be a small stage . on it a three piece hell -metal band be building up toward oblivion . the lead singer be dress in a buffalo skin complete with at least half the buffalo head and horn . he wear spray paint , day glow orange cowboy boot . some half dressed girl and cowboys be dance to the band . in darken corner away from the stage other group be racing the band to oblivion . Laura lean over to donna notice she shocked look . LAURA do not expect a turkey dog in here . Jacques renault come up to the group . jacque hey , slow poke , guess what ? there 's no tomorrow . he grab Laura up and give she a big , sloppy wet kiss . jacque baby , you know why ? Cause it will never get here . LAURA hey , Jacques ... jacque ( slur ) no " Jacques " . I be the great go . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 81 . 135 . continued : LAURA ( for donna ) I be the muffin . jacque and what a muffin you have . the two trucker laugh with Jacques . he mime a gun with he right hand and point it to he forehead pull the trigger with a weak , slack cheek puff sound . jacque ( slur ) I be as blank as a fart . Laura wink at Buck as he secretly drop a red depth charge into donna 's beer . LAURA hey , donna , chug -a-lug . as the cowboy gather around and begin to chant , both Laura and donna chug down they drink . they finish and Laura smile and push donna out onto the dance floor . they start to dance expertly and smile at each other . soon Buck and Tommy cut in separate the two . Buck dance Laura over to another of he buddy . the two of they start to unbutton Laura 's blouse as they dance . the hell - metal band kick into high gear . in the pulsate red and black light donna see Laura now topless dance and kissing with Buck and he friend . donna stop . Jacques sweep in . jacque oh , Laura 's friend . I be " the great go " . Jacques hold she head in he huge hand . jacque ( continue ) there be no tomorrow . donna' Pov the room start to spin . dissolve to : we move around thru the evening ** August 8 , 1991 82 . 136 . int . ROADHOUSE donna a completely stone donna be be dance around by Tommy , who be fall in love with she . through some dance leg and foot she spot Laura 's blouse on the floor . teeter she lean over , pick up the blouse , and tie it around she waist . ronette pulaski ronette pulaski , fly high , make she way through the crowd to Laura . they spot each other and give each other a hug . ronette you smell nice . LAURA have not see you since I be throw out of one eyed jack . ronette ( try to focus on Laura ) what else do we do together ? oh , I remember ... ( try to dance with Laura ) hey , you know what ? it 's be a year . she 's be dead a year ... she 's be dead a year . Jacques come up to they . jacque the party twin . my high school sandwich . let 's put some meat inside ... the three of they move around together . ronette she 's be dead a year . jacque who ? ronette Teresa ... LAURA Teresa bank ? yeah , a whole year . ronette yeah , she be go to get rich ... she be blackmail somebody ... ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 83. 136 . continued : jacque that 's right . she call I . she even ask I what you father look like ... LAURA ( jolted ) what ? she ask about my father ? jacque but it be not he ... she be after a huge guy , six foot four with a break nose . she say he look just like a boxer . speak of sandwich ... I think Bobby be arrange something for you ... ( get the idea ) speak of arrangement ... ( louder ) speak of arrangement ... why do not you two come up to the cabin this week ? Leo and I know that santy Claus be come to town ... Thursday . ronette , Laura , and Jacques sway with distort smile . ronette and LAURA ( as they hug and almost kiss ) okay , Jacques . LAURA ( turn to kiss Jacques ) " the great go " . Buck and another friend move in on Laura and ronette . Buck push Laura down on the carpet and get on behind she . his friend do the same to ronette . the two girl find themselves face to face . ronette here we go again . like we be back at one eyed jack . LAURA ( moan with pleasure ) oh , god . it sure be . ronette look over Laura 's shoulder . ronette shit , be that donna hayward ? Laura look across the rug through dance leg and see donna 's head tilt way back with some new cowboy on top of she . ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 84 . 136 . continued : ( 2 ) closeup : laura' face see donna . bob be voice see what we can do to donna ? LAURA ( scream ) no ! GOD , no ... on the scene Laura stumble and run to donna grab Jacques on the way . LAURA ( continue ) ( scream to Jacques ) get she out of here ... get she out . he do not seem to be listen . LAURA ( continue ) ( shouting ) jacque ... Laura fall full of panic to donna . LAURA ( continue ) donna , what be you do ? rip she blouse off she waist . donna be completely go . Laura shake she and scream into she face . LAURA ( continue ) do not ever wear my stuff , do not ever wear my stuff . never . donna ( mumble ) okay , I will not wear you stuff ... why can not I wear you stuff ? LAURA Jacques , help I get she home . now ! Jacques lift donna up and Laura follow Jacques and donna out of partyland . donna continue to mumble . donna I will not wear you stuff . ( then laugh ) I promise . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 85 . 136 . continued : ( 3 ) LAURA ( cry , hold donna 's hand ) not you , donna , not you . 137 . ext . twin peak church - sunday morning on the screen it read : " sunday - four day before " folk filing out of church . a couple strolling down the sidewalk . a happy dog bound about . 138 . ext . big ed' gas farm and the hurley house - day out in the yard of the hurley House Ed hurley try to skin a deer which be hang off a branch of a tree . he be not have much luck and be not show much enthusiasm either . nadine hurley come storming out the house with she own very large butcher knife - very upset with Ed 's progress . nadine ed ... ed. ( push he away ) I will take over here . Ed back off and nadine dive in slice . nadine you be cut this deer like a sissy ... sit down and watch while I do it . again . this year . Ed slowly back into the house . 139 . int . hurley house - day Ed join he assistant , sparky , and they stand in the live room gaze out the window at nadine ferociously skin the deer . ed ( with a wink ) Works every year ... they laugh . sparky sure would not work at my house . my wife could not take the wrapper of a twinkie . ** August 8 , 1991 86 . 140 . ext . clearing in the wood - day sheriff truman and josie packard break from a kiss . smiling , Truman go back to gently strumm he guitar . truman josie , I think we should go public . josie that would be wonderful , but it 's only be a year since Andrew die . truman what be you afraid of ? what people think ? josie I do not want to offend the custom of you country . truman believe I , josie , you would not offend the custom of this country . for instance , I do not eat fish eye . josie Fish eye ? truman even if it offended someone , I would not eat a fish eye . josie why would not you eat a fish eye , Harry ? truman I see a guy eat a fish eye once in Seattle . he be digging through he food with he chopstick for about five minute till he find the fish eye and he drop it into he throat . I guess it must have get stick in he uvula because right away he start to have trouble . his throat begin to flutter there like there be a wind blow . and he could not swallow and they rush to he and loosen he collar and they be ask he if he be alright and he start to turn blue and he eye start to roll back into he head and he still could not get the fish eye out and they try to do a heimlich maneuver . I go over to he as they be ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 87 . 140 . continued : truman ( continue ) prepare to do a emergency tracheotomy . they be over he with a knife when he suddenly shot the fish eye out of he throat and right onto the ceiling . splat ! it just stick up there and spread out . it be about the size of a half dollar . and that 's why I do not ever eat fish eye . he play the guitar for josie . then stop . truman ( continue ) I be not say it 's right or wrong , it 's just the way I feel . it 's the custom thing I be think of . in America we do not use any part of the fish but the meat just to the side of the inside . we throw away the tail , the rest of the inside and the head . josie I understand . truman we throw away the _whole head . 141 . int . motel room - day philip gerard , the one armed man , in a deep sweat kneel in front of a circle of twelve light candle , fight for air and struggle to hear something . 142 . int . hayward house , live room - day donna and Laura sit across from one another on the couch . donna I can not remember anything about last night . be there something I should remember ? LAURA no , you should forget about last night . donna Laura , I be you friend . LAURA I know you be and you do not have to do anything crazy to prove it . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 88 . 142 . continued : donna you be not mad at I ? LAURA no . donna I feel so bad . I have nightmare all night long . ( study she friend ) they all know you at that place . LAURA what can I tell you ? donna how do the car get back here ? LAURA we get it back , that 's all . donna how do I get in the house ? how do I get into my bed ? LAURA I can not help you there . donna be I wear something of yours and you get mad at I ? LAURA all my thing have I in they . I do not want you to be like I . donna but I love you , Laura . LAURA and I love you , too . but do not wear my stuff . donna why do you do it , Laura ? LAURA Cause I like it . she take donna 's head into she hand and kiss she . on leland leland be stand at the other end of the room . as he stare at the girl we move in on he face . ** August 8 , 1991 89 . 143 . int . / ext . blue diamond CITY motel leland flashback leland look into another room see Laura and ronette sit face to face on a bed . 144 . on the scene leland look at the girl . leland Excuse I , honey ... Laura turn to he with a start . leland ( continue ) we be late to meet Mom for breakfast . donna ( to Laura ) catch you later . leland and Laura leave . 145 . int . leland be car - day leland and Laura drive along . leland become preoccupy with something in he rear view mirror . Laura turn to see a car erratically come up behind they . leland slow down and stop for a red light at sparkwood and twenty one . in front of they be a huge log truck . Laura smell something . LAURA dad , be the engine on fire ? something be burn . leland turn and give she a look . the car that be tailing they race around they , race around the log truck , and come back around stop on leland 's side of the car . leland spot gerard , the one armed man , behind the wheel - sweat like crazy . LAURA ( continue ) something be burn . leland start to rev he engine while hold the brake with he leave foot . leland it 's the engine . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 90 . 145 . continued : gerard you steal the corn . I have it can above the store . leland be panicked . the car be slowly screeching towards the large lumber truck in front of they . gerard ( shouting at Laura ) miss , the look on she face when it be open . there be a closeness . like the formica table top . the car be now smoking and make a horrendous sound . gerard continue to yell , but we can barely hear it . gerard the thread will be tear , Mr. palmer , the thread will be tear . leland turn to Laura . sweat pour from he forehead . while leland be turn away , gerard hold up he hand with a ring on the little finger . he be shouting over the engine noise and the horn which leland have begin to blow frantically . gerard ( shouting ) it 's he . it 's you father . Laura can not make this out over the noise . the light turn green . gerard take off away from they . as soon as the log truck move leland let go of the brake and the car fly into a service station on they right . everyone around there have be watch a commotion on a Sunday afternoon . LAURA dad !... what be that all about ? who be that ? a young mechanic run up to they car . mechanic Mr. , Mr. , you should not do that to you engine . you ought to take it easy , Mr. , you be go to burn you engine out . leland what the hell be all that ? why do not someone do something about all of this . my god , that guy come out of nowhere . he be harass my daughter . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 91 . 145 . continued : ( 2 ) leland stare at Laura try to compose himself . LAURA dad , be you all right ? 146 . int . palmer house cu flesh world magazine / leland flashback the title " fleshworld " on a magazine . in the magazine we see leland find a picture of Teresa bank . he whisper . leland Teresa bank . you look so much like my Laura . leland dial the phone . 147 . int . blue diamond CITY motel room cu teresa bank she be talk on the phone . teresa that sound like fun ... where do you see my picture ?... okay , come to the Blue diamond City Motel ... yes , that 's just you side of Blue diamond City ... I will be there . room one two three ... right , as in " get ready " . dissolve to : 148 . int . blue diamond CITY motel room - later leland on top of Teresa in bed . all whisper . teresa ( smile ) when 's the next business trip , big fella ? leland soon . how about next time we party with the girlfriend you tell I about ? teresa I can arrange that . I like that . he kiss she and cover she eye with a hand . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 92 . 148 . continued : teresa what be you do ? leland who be I ? teresa I do not know . leland that 's right . end of flashback . 149 . back in the car with LAURA leland be still sit and stare at Laura . LAURA ( try to get he attention ) dad ... dad ... who be that ? how do you know he ? he look familiar . have I meet he ? leland no , you have not meet he . have you meet he ? LAURA no . leland we be late to get to you mother . LAURA just sit here for a moment . you seem very upset . leland ( mumble to himself ) guy just pull up out of the blue ... I mean ... what be this world come to ? 150 . leland flashback - blue diamond CITY motel open on a sign say Blue diamond City Motel . leland come down a outside walkway towards a open room . suddenly , he stop short and jump back . he cautiously take a second look and see Laura and ronette sit on the edge of a king size bed talk . leland be about to leave when there be a tap , tap , tap on he back . he spin around to see Teresa bank who have come up behind he . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 93 . 150 . continued : teresa what 's wrong ? leland ( move further from the room ) nothing , I chicken out . he shove a wad of money into she hand and practically run away . Teresa cock she head and wonder , while she watch he hurry away . end of flashback . 151 . back in the car with LAURA leland and Laura be in the car . leland start the car . LAURA be you sure you be okay ? leland yes . leland pull out onto the road . after they drive for a bit . LAURA dad ? leland yes . LAURA do you come home during the day last week ? leland no. LAURA oh , I think I see you . leland you know , I do come home , come to think of it , on Thursday . I have a severe headache and I be drive in the neighborhood so I just darte in and out of the house . ( study Laura ) where be you , Laura ? I do not see you ? LAURA I be down the street . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 94 . 151 . continued : Laura study the look in she father 's eye as long as she dare and then turn away . closeup : leland as he drive along . dissolve to : 152 . flashback - blue diamond CITY motel Teresa watch with she head cocked as leland hurry off . dissolve to : 153 . int . ROADHOUSE jacque on the phone jacque hey , Teresa ... what ? teresa's voice what do ronette 's father look like ? jacque a short guy ... heavy set ... bald ... teresa's voice what do Laura palmer 's father look like ? jacque very handsome ... wavy black hair . he look like a movie star . 154 . int . / ext . pay phone on teresa teresa ( into phone ) no , this be a big huge guy . six four ... nose break ... like he be a boxer . Teresa hang up the phone and redial - smile as though she have win the lottery . 155 . int . leland office on leland he answer the phone . ** August 8 , 1991 95 . 155 . continued : leland hello ? teresa's voice hey handsome , this be you little party girl . on leland face his jaw tighten . 156 . ext . double R diner leland pull the car into the double R. Sarah stand out front wave . sarah ( call ) where be you two ? 157 . omitted dissolve to : 158 . clock in laura' room it read : 8:00 . Laura sit at she desk stare off into space . dissolve to : 159 . laura' flashback begins - highway 21 Laura remember the one armed man yell out to she . her attention now go to he one hand . she remember the look of the ring he be wear . 160 . laura' flashback continue - the red room then she remember the man from another place give she the ring in she dream . it be the same ring . 161 . laura' flashback continue - blue diamond CITY motel then she remember be in the Blue diamond City Motel with ronette when Teresa enter the room . teresa the guy split . Teresa sit down between they and bring they close to she in a sexual embrace . Teresa brushes away some hair that have fall over she face . ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 96 . 161 . continued : as she do this Laura see the same ring . teresa ( continue ) ( as she move she hair away ) I guess it 's just we girl . end of flashback 162 . int . laura' bedroom LAURA ( to herself ) the same ring ... Laura be jolted by Bob 's Voice . bob' voice that 's not important . I will tell you what be important . the fan will soon be start . LAURA who be you ? who be you really ? bob' voice ( continue ) I be the one who want to breathe through you nose and taste through you mouth . 163 . int . palmer live room - night leland pace the live room . 164 . leland : flashback _nighttime_in_the_woods_ . we see leland crush Teresa bank ' face and skull with a pipe until she be dead . we hear the gurgle of the wind River behind she . end of flashback 165 . int . palmer live room back on leland leland continue to pace . he wipe some sweat from he forehead . dissolve to : 166 . int . palmer house , dine room - morning a sign on the screen read : ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 97 . 166 . continued : " tuesday - two day before " Laura sit at the dining room table eat she breakfast . leland poke he head in . leland ( cheerfully ) do not forget : it 's johnny horne 's birthday today . 167 . int . laura' room - minute later Laura 's hand be shaking as she do a line of cocaine . it be the last stuff she have -- she put the empty packet into she diary . 168 . int . high school - day Laura corner Bobby in a hallway . LAURA I be nearly out . bobby it 's take care of , babe . you and I be go to make a big score tonight . ( give she a bag ) this will tide you over . LAURA thank you , Bobby . a big score ? bobby maybe we biggest . I will see you two door down from you place at 11:00 . LAURA do not be late . she take off down the hall . rounding another corner she see James come towards she . James look around to see if the coast be clear and see it be , move close to she . jame I have get to see you . LAURA not now . jame this afternoon ? LAURA okay . ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 98 . 168 . continued : LAURA ( continue ) ( remember ) oh god , it 's johnny horne 's birthday today . jame what about tonight ? LAURA I can not tonight . jame what 's go on ? LAURA ( freaking out ) I just can not , James . I can not do it . Laura keep go . donna come around next to James . together they watch Laura walk away . 169 . ext . great northern - day establish 170 . int . great northern , benjamin horne's office - day open on Laura 's picture on top of Ben horne 's desk . then discover that leland be stare at Laura 's picture . wider we see benjamin horne try to blow up a large rubber indian for he son johnny . sylvia and jerry horne stand nearby supervise . johnny come up one inch in front of leland 's face . johnny happy birthday , johnny . leland happy birthday , johnny . johnny move to one inch in front of Jerry 's face . johnny happy birthday , johnny . jerry happy birthday , johnny . Ben react to a huge moccasin print in the middle of the birthday cake in the middle of he office floor . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 99 . 170 . continued : BEN why do we have to have the party here in my office ? sylvia because johnny want it in you office . what 's so " private " " private " about you office , anyway ? why can not we have the party in you precious office ? jerry it 's a lovely place for a party , Ben . and look at the new decoration johnny 's provide . they look down and see johnny 's foot completely ringed in white frosting rose . frosted footprint trail behind he everywhere . johnny go one inch in front of Laura 's picture . johnny happy birthday , johnny . leland look again at Laura 's picture . he look up at Ben . leland ( oddly confrontational ) do not you have a picture of audrey , Ben ? that set sylvia off again . sylvia do not you have a picture of you own daughter , Ben ? where 's johnny 's picture ? ( explode ) and where 's _my_ picture I give you ? BEN at the photographer 's studio get a gold frame with floral monogram of you birthday and we wedding vow . johnny move one inch in front of Ben . johnny happy birthday , johnny . BEN ( try not to explode ) happy birthday , johnny . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 100 . 170 . continued : ( 2 ) jerry johnny , johnny ... let you daddy and you uncle and leland talk . ( turn to Ben ) Ben ... leland , we can play the french against the Norwegians . what do the french love more than anything ? leland ( part of Jerry 's presentation ) boat ? jerry no . leland hiking ? jerry no . leland eat ? jerry you would think so . leland sex ? jerry you be get warmer . leland tree ? jerry exactment . they be nut about wood . they get goofy over tree . sylvia I have never hear anything like this before . the french like wood anymore than anyone else like wood . be you three crazy ? leland Sarah 's cousin be french and she can not stop talk about the tree around here . jerry History be on we side , Ben . it 's no accident that the great explorer be ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 101 . 170 . continued : ( 3 ) jerry ( continue ) name hennepin , nicollet , marquette . leland they be look for wood . sylvia ( exasperate ) oh ... as they talk johnny circle the blowup indian and with a mighty bang pop it with he tomahawk . " bang " . 171 . int . twin peak sheriff station , conference room - day tommy " the hawk " hill , Truman and andy brennan . hawk joey just call in . bernie , the mule , leave Canada about a hour ago . truman then stop watch Jacques and let 's set a trap for bernie . andy he 's come in on foot . truman that 's right , Andy . ( look at he , wait ) I guess you be say there 's a awful lot of trail for we to cover . andy no , I be think what a long hike bernie have to make . hawk ( sense a " Andy " situation ) I will get on it . 172 . int . ben' office - day Laura quietly let herself in . Ben look up , happy to see she . LAURA ( very quietly ) I just want to say , " hello " . BEN you miss the party . look at my office . come here . ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 102 . 172 . continued : BEN ( continue ) he wiggle a packet of cocaine in front of she and she step to he . BEN ( continue ) for a kiss . LAURA sure , I would do a lot more than that for it . BEN ssshhhh , you father 's in the next office . you should have see he get upset at johnny 's party about you photo here . LAURA he 's always be jealous of you . you know that . she move in closer and kiss he . he respond . dissolve to : 173 . ext . highway 21 - night Bobby roar through the night with he radio blast . 174 . ext . palmer house - night reestablish . 175 . int . laura' bedroom - night her clock read : 10:59 . we move across to get a glimpse of Laura go out the window . 176 . ext . two yard away from the palmer be - night Bobby 's car skid to a stop and Laura jump in . 177 . ext . bobby's car - night whipping down a country road . 178 . int . bobby's car - night Laura and Bobby toot coke as they fly through the night . bobby we get to wait till midnight . but I get plenty here to make it . and I get plenty of dough ... right here ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 103 . 178 . continued : bobby ( continue ) ( pat the money that sit next to he ) ...for " bobby_and_laura's_big_score " . he do a big clown laugh . Laura erupt with the giggle . they toot up some more . Bobby tromp on the gas . 179 . ext . the country road - same Pete martell 's powder blue pickup pass they go the other way . we stay on the pickup as it pull into Big Ed 's Gas farm . 180 . int . / ext . big ed' gas farm - same pete martell pull into the station . Big Ed come out to meet he . ed hey , Pete . can not believe you tank 's dry up at the mill . pete no ... hell , no . just get in the truck , start drivin ' , look down at the gauge and see a big " E " starin ' at I . ed you know what that Big " E " stand for ? Big Ed 's Gas farm . pete yep . you be right . that 's why I be here . ed what will it be ? pete fill 'er up . ed you get it . pete I have not get it yet . Ed laugh . ed Nice night . pete yep ... ( long pause ) ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 104 . 180 . continued : pete ( continue ) yes ... ( another long pause ) it be . Ed start to clean he windshield . Pete point out something on the windshield . pete ( continue ) you miss something ' , Ed . ed ( move around , try to see it ) I do ? I do not see anything . pete yeah ... look in here . look at it from this angle . Ed put he head inside the truck . ed I see it . ( reach up to touch ) Hell , it 's on the inside , pete. ( flip he the rag ) the inside be you territory . Pete start to clean the inside of he windshield while Ed return to work on the outside . pete ( as he clean ) even this heavy work beat be at home with the old ball and chain . ed brother , I hear you talkin' . 181 . ext . the wood - night Bobby and Laura pull into a little clear . Bobby kill the light . the door open . Laura and Bobby start to make they way through the wood . 182 . ext . the wood - night Laura and Bobby continue through the wood . it get spookier and spookier . they reach the meeting place . awesomely quiet until a twig snap , then a distant howling of a wolf . Bobby and Laura sit on the floor of the wood and do some more toot . Laura pick up a leaf and show it to Bobby . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 105 . 182 . continued : LAURA ( whisper ) Bobby , I find a leaf . after a moment of stare at it , they both begin to giggle . she pick up a twig . LAURA ( continue ) Bobby , I find a twig . they giggle twice as hard . Laura pick up a pinecone and start knock he on the head with it . LAURA ( continue ) Bobby , I find a pinecone . they giggle three time as hard and start crawl around giggle . suddenly , they hear footstep . they freeze and try to stifle they giggle . bobby here he come . LAURA here he come . they both start laugh again . they see a guy come through the wood . we recognize he as the sullen deputy from Deer meadow , cliff Howard . bobby ( suddenly serious ) who send you ? cliff Jacques . LAURA that 's right . the deputy take out a very big bag of coke , show it to they . LAURA ( continue ) wow . Laura just grab it out of he hand . the deputy take out he gun . Bobby panic and pull out he gun . bang !! Bobby shoot the deputy in the shoulder , but the deputy still prepare to shoot at Bobby so Bobby shoot he again . this time in the chest . the deputy spin and try to run , but Bobby shoot he in the back . he topple over dead . ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 106 . 182 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby and LAURA they stand there freeze . absolutely no more giggle . LAURA ( continue ) God , Bobby . what do you do ? they just stand there look at the dead body . bobby I shot he . oh , my god , I shot he . Bobby start for the dead body . bobby ( continue ) come on , you gotta help I . with Laura 's help they get the body back to the clear . they fall down to they knee , out of breath , stare at what they have do . they face register the shock of have just kill someone . Laura look at Bobby 's stunne expression . LAURA look at you face . a laugh squirt out of Laura . Bobby turn to she in disbelief . LAURA ( continue ) Bobby , you kill Mike . Bobby stare at she for a second like Laura have go insane . bobby this be not Mike . ( suddenly unsure - surreal ) be this Mike ? LAURA Bobby ... ssshhhh ... you kill Mike . Bobby break . they begin to laugh uncontrollably . 183 . ext . wood - night Wide shot . the distant sound of Bobby and Laura laugh . up closer the wind take over and even closer the hoot of a owl . dissolve to : ** August 8 , 1991 107 . 184 . int . the palmer house , fan and stair - night the fan spinning then - the fan' Pov down on Laura enter the stairwell . we drift down on Laura . bob' voice I want to kill through you . Laura stop cold on the stairway . LAURA ( look up ) no. bob' voice I want you to kill _for_me_ . LAURA no. never . you will have to kill I . bob' voice I want you to kill _for_me_ . ecu : LAURA Laura look up petrify . dissolve to : 185 . int . high school - day the trophy case with Laura 's homecome queen picture within . on screen it read : " wednesday - one day before " Bobby catch up with Laura in front of she locker . he show she the ten thousand they be go to use to pay for the drug last night . bobby Babe , I be on my way out to the wood to divvy up the product . put this cash in you safety deposit box ... ( whisper ) it 's ten thousand dollar . LAURA ( act real serious ) you kill Mike . Bobby be about to get really piss when Laura start laugh again . Bobby fight to stay in control . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 108 . 185 . continued : bobby I be not go to give you this if you do not stop laugh . it 's not one god damn bit funny . Laura stifles she laugh with all she might . Bobby hand she the money . after a beat Laura start to laugh , but stop herself again by bite she lip . Bobby be furious and scared . Laura cover she mouth . Bobby break again . 186 . ext . the wood - day Bobby 's car skid to a stop . Bobby jump out and pop the trunk . he unwrap the big bag of cocaine from a blanket . he tear a little hole in it to enjoy a taste test . the second it touch the tongue he panic and frantically take a deeper test . bobby ( scream ) laxative ! he spray and throw the powder every which way in a rage . bobby ( continue ) sssshhhiiitttt !!! 187 . int . laura' room - night Laura lie in bed . she lean over to the bedside table and snort a line . the phone ring and startles she . she answer it . intercut with : 188 . int . dr . jacoby' office - night jacoby on the phone . jacoby Laura , you do not come and see I today . LAURA ( in a whisper ) I could not it be johnny horne 's birthday . I promise I would be with he . I tell you not to call I here . jacoby a little trouble with you parent be the least of you worry and something I be certainly willing to put up with . LAURA I be not . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 109 . 188 . continued : jacoby do you make I a tape ? LAURA I already make you two tape . jacoby Laura , you have to deal with _all of this . LAURA I be deal with it , doc. Big time . maybe I will make you a tape tomorrow . goodnight . jacoby send I a kiss . she hang up . 189 . int . leland and sarah palmer' bedroom - night Sarah at she vanity , put a cigarette out and walk to she bed as leland bring up a big glass of warm milk to she . Sarah look up at leland and they share a look as she drink the milk . after Sarah finish she milk leland walk into the hallway . 190 . int . hallway - night leland hit the fan switch . 191 . int . stair and fan the fan come to life 192 . int . laura' bedroom - night Laura freeze when she hear the fan . she close she eye . 193 . int . palmer bedroom - night Sarah 's head be nodd . her heavy eyelid close . her eye pop open once more . Sarah see the white horse in she room . she fall asleep . 194 . int . laura' bedroom - night the room be dark . Laura be press up against the headboard of she bed stare at the window . the fan ominously whirl in the hall . Bob appear in she window and enter the room . Bob move down on top of she . his hand move between she leg . Laura ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 110 . 194 . continued : fight with all she might to keep stare at he face . to know it . to unlock it . her hand go up . she hold he face ... squeeze it as he move on top of she . slowly , what she always know deep inside of she become clear . bob become leland . she scream and pass out into hell . 195 . int . palmer house , dine room - day closeup : BOWL of soggy cereal on screen it read : " last morning " on the scene Sarah sit at the dining room table smoking . Laura push she spoon around in the soggy cereal . leland stare at she . leland Laura , I would like to talk to you . be something wrong ? Laura get up and leave the room . leland stare at the empty door . he wait for a moment and then follow she . Sarah , nervously , watch he go . 196 . int . laura' room Laura be get she school material together when leland enter . leland Laura . what 's wrong this morning ? LAURA ( whisper threat ) stay away from I . never take she eye off he , she work she way around he and leave the room . we stay on leland . his face change . he know she know and he know what he have to do . 197 . ext . sidewalk in front of the palmer house - day Laura walk to school . all the beautiful , natural sound of morning sound like hell to she . distorted chant from hell . ** August 8 , 1991 111 . 198 . int . high school classroom - day Laura study the clock hand go round and round . every sound in the room be distort . the bell ring in slow motion Laura rise from she chair . camera stay on she empty chair . the chair she will never sit in again . dissolve to : 199 . int . palmer dine room - night a plate of asparagus . the mashed potato and the roast beef have be mostly eat . on screen it read : " last night " Laura and she mother sit , eat alone . LAURA I hate asparagus . sarah sure you do , it 's good for you . they eat in silence for a moment . LAURA where 's dad ? sarah Ben ask he to stay late to plan for the Norwegians . LAURA if it 's okay with you I be go to Bobby 's to do my homework . sarah it 's a school night ... back by nine . 200 . ext . brigg house - night establish . 201 . int . brigg live room - night mrs . betty brigg let Laura in the front door . LAURA hi , Mrs. Briggs ... ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 112 . 201 . continued : betty hi , Laura , Bobby 's in the basement . LAURA right where he belong , right . garland brigg chuckle off screen . 202 . int . brigg house , basement recreation room - night Laura come down stair and see Bobby lie on the floor . his hand cover he eye . LAURA ( concerned ) what 's up , Bobby ? Laura sit down next to he . bobby bad news , kid , it be baby laxative . LAURA what be ? bobby the stuff we get last night . LAURA baby laxative ? we can not snort baby laxative . bobby no shit ... ( whisper ) we kill a guy for baby laxative . LAURA what be the world come to when you kill a guy for baby laxative ? bobby do not get funny with I again . LAURA I be not ... Bobby I be gonna need some more stuff . I mean it . I be out . bobby yeah , and I be gonna need that ten thousand dollar back . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 113 . 202 . continued : LAURA sure , but I can not get it till after school tomorrow . bobby let 's ditch this place and party . LAURA not tonight . just give I something to take home to hold I over till tomorrow . bobby why ? why not ? where be you goin ' ? Laura smile and lean forward . she kiss he and he respond . LAURA Bobby , I be goin ' home . to bed ... my nice warm bed ... they kiss again . he look up and listen for he parent . bobby ( whisper ) we can do it right here . LAURA ( flat ) Bobby ... Bobby see that she be not in the mood . bobby you do not want I . you just want the stuff , do not ya ? Laura stare at he . bobby ( continue ) it 's okay . he reach in he pocket and give she a nice bag of coke plus pill . bobby ( continue ) Bobby 's get it . LAURA ( take the packet ) thanks , Bobby . ( look at the packet ) and my little round friend , too . they head upstairs . ** August 8 , 1991 114 . 203 . int . brigg live room - night Mr. Briggs be read aloud to Mrs. Briggs from the book of revelation . as Bobby hear this he turn to Laura and make a look of horror which say , " can you believe I live here " . Laura smile . Bobby take Laura to the door . he give she a small kiss , " good night " . after she leave he cut back through the live room and just as he clear the room he light up . brigg ( look up from the Bible ) Robert , put out the cigarette . and Briggs return to the Bible . 204 . int . sheriff' station , interrogation room - night sheriff Truman and Andy sit at the small table with doughnut and coffee . Andy monitor the radio . lucy moran cut through on the intercom . lucy ( over the intercom ) sheriff Truman ? Truman hit the intercom button . truman yes , Lucy ? lucy ( over intercom ) Mrs. Packard call and say she hear what she think could be a prowler outside she house . truman okay , Lucy . I better get on up there . he release the intercom button . but Lucy continue to talk over the intercom . lucy voice it 's probably raccoon which be what it be last week ... truman ( to Andy ) you stay here and monitor the radio . let I know right away , if you hear from Hawk . lucy voice and last week I think of the same ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 115 . 204 . continued : lucy voice ( continue ) thing . andy okay , sheriff Truman . lucy voice raccoon remind I of my aunt who life in Wyoming where they have raccoon , too . Truman stand up , put on he gun and leave . Lucy 's voice continue as we watch Andy sit there alone . lucy voice ( continue ) she could not get rid of she raccoon because she make the big mistake of feed they albacore tuna . I do not know why she feed they albacore tuna . and albacore tuna be so expensive . ( voice raise a octave ) sheriff Truman how do you get up here ? over the intercom Andy hear Lucy make a small hysterical cry . he stand and run from the room . stay on the intercom . Lucy 's voice continue . lucy voice ( continue ) Andy ? be you there ? I be very confuse . who be I talk to ? Andy , be you there ? 205 . int . sheriff' station , reception - same Lucy get up from the intercom . lucy maybe I be alone . ( whisper , frighten ) Andy ... where do Andy go ? she race from she station and collide with Andy come up from the interrogation room . they both scream . 206 . int . palmer house , live room - night Sarah sit smoking and read a cheap magazine as Laura move through the live room . LAURA good night , Mom . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 116 . 206 . continued : sarah good night , sweetheart . Laura move up the stair . 207 . int . laura' room - night she do three line of Bobby 's cocaine . on the clock in her room it read : 9:30 . on LAURA try to hold on . the phone ring . LAURA ( whisper ) James ... yes , okay ... no , James , I do love you , but ... okay , I will meet you in fifteen minute ... she hang up the phone and do another line of cocaine then swallow down a handful of red round friend from Bobby - the pill . LAURA ( continue ) Fifteen minute ... god , why do I say that ?... what do I say ?... 208 . int. / ext . palmer house as Laura sneak out she see she dad come home . 209 . ext . palmer house leland leland come out of the car . Laura duck into some bush and hide . leland stop in the middle of the yard sense something . he look right at where Laura be hide . she can not tell if he can see she or not . closeup : LAURA she hear James ' bike come in the distance . LAURA ( frantically to herself ) go inside ... go inside ... James ' bike sound closer and closer . leland turn , open the front door and go into the house . James drive up . leland 's face appear look out the front window . Laura jump on the bike behind James and off they go . ** August 8 , 1991 117 . 210 . ext . highway 21 - night James and Laura drive through the night . 211 . ext . clearing in the wood - night James bring the bike through the wood and stop in the little clear . James try to kiss Laura , she push he away . jame what the hell be wrong with you ? LAURA that 's right . there 's no place leave to go be there , James ? jame what do you mean ? LAURA you know it and I know it . jame what be wrong with we ?... we have everything . LAURA everything , but everything . jame oh , Laura . LAURA ( mimick he ) " oh , Laura ... " she give he a terrible slap . jame ( ironic ) you always hurt the one you love . LAURA you mean the one you pity . jame say anything you want ... I know you love I and I love you . LAURA I do love you . ( whisper ) let 's get lose together . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 118 . 211 . continued : they kiss again . hot. hand everywhere . LAURA ( continue ) ( break away ) shit , maybe he will kill you . jame what ? LAURA when he find out . jame what ? LAURA Bobby kill a guy . jame what be you talk about ? Bobby do not kill anybody . LAURA you want to see ... jame see what ? LAURA ( disgust ) right . open you eye , James . you do not know I . even _ donna_ do not know I . you Laura disappear ... it 's just I now . James grab she try to control she . she twist out of he arm . LAURA ( continue ) how ' bout this , James ? she lift she hand and give he the finger . James ignore the finger and kiss she , but she 's go ice cold . LAURA ( continue ) I think you want to take I home now , James . she lead he back to the bike . he will not start it . LAURA ( continue ) oh , quit cry . I have have enough of you fuck caring . he kick the bike to a start . behind he , Laura watch and silently start to cry . ** August 8 , 1991 119 . 212 . ext . highway 21 - night Laura and James on the bike make they way down to sparkwood and twenty one . Laura lean way back on the bike . laura' Pov look up at the tree as they fly by in a dark blur . LAURA and jame LAURA the tree ... the tree ... Laura scream with agony and try to get off as they approach the light . Laura fall off as they skid to a stop . jame ( confuse and terrify ) Laura ... Laura crawl back up and put she hand around James ' neck . LAURA ( from far away she scream ) jame , I love you . for a moment she focus on he . she look like the Laura that James love . innocent and beautiful . Laura turn and see the wood . it pull she . she release she hold on James and run into the wait darkness . the red light swing in the wind above James . it turn green , but he do not move . when the light turn red again , James gun the engine and lift the bike up on its back tire . James scream then roar down the road away from we . off to the side of the road lie Doc hayward 's wilted red rise . 213 . ext . packard logging road - midnight Laura run up through the wood . at the Packard log Road Laura meet Jacques , Leo and ronette all stand around Leo 's red corvette . jacque right on time , baby . LAURA buy I a ticket to the great go . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 120 . 213 . continued : jacque we be on we way , baby . LAURA let 's go _all the way . they pile into Leo 's ' vet and peel down the dirt road . 214 . int . jacque ' cabin - night the foursome get roast and toast - very high . Jacques start to tie Laura up with some light rope . LAURA ( drugge , scream ) do not tie I up , tonight . do not tie I up . Jacques and Leo laugh . Jacques start to tie Laura up while Leo hold she . Laura struggle and scream begging they not to do it . with Laura tie up , Leo start to tie up ronette . dissolve to : 215 . int . jacque ' cabin - later both girl be half naked and have be tie up . waldo the bird be screeching . Jacques be straddle Laura and be hurt she badly . Leo put a one eyed jack thousand dollar poker chip in she mouth . leo bite the bullet , baby . like a ghost leland appear in the window . no one see he . Laura continue to scream . Leo get up and go for the bottle of bourbon . he take a swig and then step back to Jacques and Laura . leo ( refer to Laura ) let I have a little of that . jacque ( point at the bourbon ) let I have a little of that , baby . Leo hold the bottle tight . Jacques stand up and deck Leo with he big french canadian paw . he grab the spilling bottle from the floor and stumble outside . ** August 8 , 1991 121 . 216 . ext . jacque ' cabin - night when Jacques come out of the cabin , leland trip he , grab the bottle and break it over Jacques head , knock he out cold . Leo hear the crash and come outside . he see Jacques bleed on the ground . he panic and weave down the hill to he corvette and take off . leland go into the cabin . his smile eye be on Laura while he rape ronette . Laura watch as she fear drive she to hysteria . 217 . ext. / int . log lady cabin - night in the darkness the log Lady hold she log and listen . she hear distant scream . the camera move down she leg to reveal she tattoo , bett red and burn . 218 . ext . trail - same Philip gerard , the one -arm man , run like a madman up the trail towards Jacques ' cabin . 219 . ext . pathway from the cabin - night with the face of the devil , leland double time march Laura and ronette out the cabin door and through the wood . LAURA ( scream - plead for she life ) daddy ... daddy ... 220 . ext . jacque ' cabin - night gasp for breath gerard arrive at the cabin too late . he stare at the open doorway . Jacques lie pass out at he foot . gerard cock he head strain to hear something . he hear distant scream . gerard Bob , I can hear you sing . 221 . int . train car - night leland haul the two girl into the train car . he slide the door shut and it be completely quiet . bob and leland go in and out like breathe . the two girl shudder in the corner as he circle they . leland grab Laura and begin to wrap the twine around she arm bend the arm back . LAURA ( whisper ) be you go to kill I ? ** August 8 , 1991 122 . 222 . ext . wood - night gerard tear through the wood . the wind come up carry with it cry and scream and the sound of bob . 223 . int . train car - night leland hoist Laura up so that she hover face the floor a foot off the ground . he place a mirror on the floor directly under she face . in the mirror Laura see herself turn into bob. leland scream into space . leland don 't make I do it . LAURA no , you have to kill I . leland I always think you know it be I . LAURA ( into Bob in the mirror ) no ! you can't have me. ( to leland ) kill I . 224 . ext . train car - night gerard arrive outside . he bang on the train door . gerard let I in . let I in . the door open a little bit because ronette be push it with she foot . gerard reach up to help she when suddenly she fly over he head have be hit . ronette hit the ground , she unconscious head bent back at a odd angle . ecu : gerard he listen to the sound of murder inside the train car . 225 . inside the train car Laura scream knife enter flesh . Bob scream . ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 123. 225 . continued : bloody knife through the air . leland scream . 226 . ext . train car ecu : gerard gerard lean in to take a look and step back laugh . he yell out for Bob to hear . gerard ( continue ) that's he own daughter you're killing . he continue to laugh and run away from the train car . a few moment later leland stumble out of the car carry the body of Laura palmer wrap in a plastic shroud . leland 's shirt be puffed out - a bloody towel inside . 227 . ext . wood / river - night leland / Bob lower the plastic shroud Laura into the river . 228 . ext . glastonbury grove - night leland stumble to the centre of glastonbury Grove and stop . a frightening wind carry haunt music . he dig into he pocket for the page tear from Laura 's secret diary . he toss they and the bloody towel to the wind . he go to the centre of the circle of the twelve sycamore tree . the red curtain appear and he pass between they enter the red room . 229 . int . the red room it be not empty . gerard be just leave the other side of the room . leland walk through the Red room after he . he walk down a corridor and _into_the_ red_room_again_ . there on the other side of the room leland see gerard and the man from another place sit side by side in a chair face he . leland stop when he see they . he divide . one half become Bob - opaque . the other half float up and become leland - transparent . on bob he reach up and grab leland 's wound . ( more ) ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 124 . 229 . continued : ecu - leland wound Bob heal leland 's wound . on the scene . gerard and the man from another place speak in unison . gerard / the man from another place ( subtitle ) ( in unison ) Bob , you be not go home without I . I want all my garmonbozia . ( corn ) dissolve to : 230 . ext . water' edge by the packard sawmill - dawn at high tide Laura palmer 's body be float up to and bump against the log . 231 . ext . glastonbury grove on screen it read : " two month later " 232 . int . hospital emergency ward - night Annie be be bring in on a stretcher . a nurse talk to a paramedic as they rush she towards the emergency room . nurse what happen ? medic I do not know . sheriff Truman just bring she in from glastonbury Grove . 233 . int . the red room the man from another place stand with Cooper . man from another place be it future ? or be it past ?... do you know who I be ?... I be the Arm ... and I sound like this ... ( continued ) ** August 8 , 1991 125 . 233 . continued : the man from another place put he hand in front of he lip and make a indian whoop sound . cooper ( look at the table ) where be the ring ? man from another place someone else have it now . cooper that would indicate that it 's the future . man from another place the later event have never be keep a secret . cooper where be I ? and how can I leave ? man from another place you be here and there be no place to go ... a pause . man from another place ( shout ) but home ! the man from another place begin to laugh uncontrollably . 234 . int . hospital room - night a nurse mop the sweat from Annie 's forehead . Annie try to get through to she . annie my name be Annie . I have be with Laura and Dale . the good Dale be in the lodge and he can not leave . write it in you diary . the nurse pat Annie 's forehead and take she hand . we see _teresa / laura's_ring_ on Annie 's ring finger . the nurse gently slide the ring off Annie 's finger . 235 . int . another room in the hospital the nurse enter . with a anticipatory smile , then a selfish laugh , she put the ring on she finger . ** August 8 , 1991 126 . 236 . int . HOTEL room , great northern - night Doc hayward and sheriff Truman watch the door of the bathroom anxiously . truman coop ... coop ... doc Cooper be you alright ? not get any response Truman break open the door . 237 . inside the bathroom Cooper , in he pajamas , lie on the floor . the mirror above the sink be shattered with blood all over it and the sink . Cooper smile up at they strangely . cooper ( smile strangely ) I slip and hit my head on the mirror . the glass break as it strike my head . ( laugh ) it strike I as funny , Harry . do you understand I , Harry , it strike I as funny . doc you be go right back to bed . Doc and Truman help Cooper up . cooper but I have not brush my tooth yet . Cooper smile at the uneasy pair . 238 . black lodge / red room Laura be sit in a chair . as the end credit begin ... we move back to see that Laura be sit in Cooper 's lap in the same chair . fade out . the end ** back to the main Fire walk with I page