two for the money written by Dan gilroy final draft : 10-29-04 ext . home movie - 1982 - day a dad toss a baseball to he son . the boy swing , connect , send the ball fly . dad smile . brandon lang voice that 's I . five year old . I remember that day . believe it or not , I remember that hit . I remember it because of the smile that spread over my dad 's face ... ext . home movie - 1983 - day brandon shoot hoop . dad drink a Bud , frown as he miss . brandon voiceover I would have stand there all day to sink one . just to see that smile ... ext . home movie - 1984 - day brandon run , wear a too-big helmet and pad . a dog chase he as dad throw a football -- long pass -- time slow and -- brandon voiceover to pop , sport be a religion . to I , it be about purity , a place where all wrong could be make right , or at least temporarily forget . I be go to fill the whole house with trophy for he . there be no doubt in my mind , I be go to make he happy ... brandon catch the ball . blind light , loud cheering and -- ext . stadium - 1999 - night we eye adjust to see we be in a stadium . it 's a night game . stands pack . a play clock fill the screen . it 's the fourth quarter . Seven second leave . score : cal west 31 / south west nevada university 27 . a bruise and batter unlv quarterback get a play from the coach , strap on he helmet as he run back to the huddle . the name on the quarterback be jersey -- B. lang . 10 exhaust , desperate face come close , hang on brandon be every word -- brandon last play . slant red , right back on two . on two , scottie . it 's a lock . a guarantee td . I have already see it . so relax . there 's nothing to worry about ' cept one thing -- after we win and they be shove camera in you face , I do not want to hear any " hi mom . " guy , it 's overdo , the fan be tired of it and if you have to thank some one you can just thank I . see you in the end zone . the team break , approach the line . loud crowd roar . brandon voiceover I would be a quarterback since pee-wee football . set high school record . won state championship . I be not drive by joy , it be not win as much as terror , pure and simple -- fear of lose . tv announcers South West nevada need a score . Seven second on the clock . 22 yard line . win or lose , this have be a spectacular season for lang . the big question , should he turn pro now or wait until -- lang 's get the snap -- brandon drop back . a giant get a hand on brandon be jersey . brandon pull free , run . opponent charge he way , brandon vault , sail in the end zone , score . brandon roll on he back as a opposing player hurtle in -- mid-air -- unable to stop as -- 300 - plus pound come crash onto brandon be leg . sicken sound . brandon clutches he strangely angle limb . brandon voiceover ... my first think be I can tape it and play next week . then I puke . teammate surround brandon , many turn from the sight and -- int . emergency room entrance - night brandon be wheeled in . int . operating room - night surgeon regard the leg . ivs be hook up . brandon what 's the rehab time ? the surgeon talk between themselves , impressed by the break . brandon when do I play again ? one doctor examine he x-ray . brandon grab he smock . brandon the patient 's get a question ! anesthetic haze . a wavy world be melting far , far away . surgeon voiceover football 's do , son ... int . hospital room - day brandon be in a hospital bed . Big leg cast . iv 's in each arm . man' voice brandon ... brandon , it 's I . brandon open he eye , focus on he father ( older , cheap suit , beard stubble , clutching a $ 2 bouquet of flower ) . brandon' dad you okay ? I see what happen on the tv . helluva thing that happen like that . brandon ( edge ) what be you do here ? brandon' dad I bring some flower . from downstairs in the shop . brandon ( press the nurse 's call button ) no , you gotta go -- where 's the nurse ? brandon' dad I be think of get into a new program , brandon . a nurse come fast through the door , watch unsure -- brandon could you get he out , please ? brandon' dad it 's okay , we be fine , I be he father . brandon just get out ! brandon try to rise , iv be come loose . the nurse take he dad be arm , lead he out to the hall . brandon' dad ( pull away , straighten ) he do not recognize I . must be all the drug and all . Boy 's be through a lot . ( hand the nurse the flower ) if you could put this in some water and leave them in he room . before they die . brandon' dad nod thanks , depart down the corridor and -- ext . tract home - day Vegas desert . it 's raining . a swnu car pull up . the coach help brandon out , on crutch now . a middle - age woman and a teenage boy stand under a rusty awning , wait to greet he . brandon voiceover it do not rain much in the desert . maybe it be that , or maybe the look on my mother 's face , or how fast coach leave after get I up the step , but I swore then and there -- no matter what , I would get back -- I would play again ... int . unlv weight room - 1997 - day off-season . the room 's pack . loud hip hop play . brandon limp in on a cane . back slap . ( " B 's back ! " " the man ! " ) omit ext . south west nevada university track - day sprinter dart by . here come brandon . several month have pass . Big ass brace on he leg . a girl track team bound past like a herd of gazelle . brandon press on , possess . ext . practice field - day the team be practice for a new season . brandon be on the sideline , flanke by the coach and team doctor . brandon voiceover Doc tell I it would take year to heal . one bad hit and it would be over . but the team need I and I have to play to get draft . I figure I would take a chance ... brandon look at the field , the player , the empty stand and -- ext . south west nevada university stadium - 1997 - day crowded arena . electrify scene . brandon be suite on the sideline . kick-off . a swnu player return the ball . brandon voiceover every minute of recovery I would dreamt about this moment . there be NFL scout in the stand . I know what happen next . brandon lead he team onto the field . into the huddle -- brandon let 's ease back into it with we bread and butter -- td first play . we be go deep . Split right . deep two on three ! ( come up to the line ) Red 38 ! Red 28 ! set ! set -- brandon drop back . blitz . brandon about to throw when one of he own linemen be knock into he and -- brandon be off balance . too much pressure on that leg and in one horrible moment ... it buckle . brandon fall . the play whistle dead . brandon voiceover ... it be over . I could have go out with class , a gritty smile and a little wave to the crowd from a stretcher , instead I opt to go psycho on national tv . the player who hit he lean down to help . brandon grab he face mask , start punch . pure rage . a referee step in and brandon slug he , slam he face in the turf . linemen yank brandon off as the bloody ref struggle to get free and -- tv screen -- jim rome sport show a highlight reel play a tape of the incident -- brandon see struggle with player as the rough - up ref crawl away -- jim rome welcome to the jungle ! hey clone , do you believe this idiot ?! that can not happen ! this be college football , not the ultimate fight championship ! what we have here be too much muscle and not enough brain mass -- this be why we need a life-time ban ! make a example out of he ! because the sport deserve better than this ! talk to I ! camera push in -- ecu on the tv as we hear -- brandon voiceover it make all the highlight film . people write editorial . overnight I become the poster boy for the " Dark side of Sports . " the college yank my scholarship and I be kick out of school . the ref pile on , press charge . my probation include counseling . int . psychiatrist's office - day a psychiatrist face brandon . a clock tick in the corner . psychiatrist who do the referee represent , brandon ? brandon he represent the nearest guy I could grab . psychiatrist ... let 's try again . int . windowless office - present day - day camera move ceiling level above a dreary space . pass over cramped cubicle . murmer of voice from each one . employees see , all read phone copy into taping device . sex line , astrology and get-rich - quick scheme be hear . brandon voiceover football be not a sport , it be my life . maybe I could not play anymore but I could not leave . so I go with it , ride it out . then one day , and it do not take long , I wake up at the bottom , and I like it so much , I stay for six year . the camera stop above brandon . older. scruffier . he sit in he cubicle under a flicker flourescent light , toss a weathered football as he read copy into a recording device . brandon -- you have reach the jessica Simpson hot line ! jessica 's go to tell you all about Nick 's surprise birthday party and she rockin ' new panty line at Wal - Mart , but first , here 's a little fan trivia to win a VIP gold Package back stage pass to jessica 's omnicon hotel summer Tour - - a bull - like boss appear at brandon be cubicle entry -- boss get a job for you , lang . brandon I be in the middle of taping . boss bauer 's sick , can not update he betting line . you know anything ' bout sport ? brandon ... yeah , a little . int . neighboring cubicle - office - minute later brandon enter a co-worker 's cluttere cubicle . brandon voiceover 900 number , audio text , the racket have a lot of name . brandon sit at he co-worker 's desk . he pick up the text copy sit beside the recording device , look it over -- brandon voiceover this guy 's gig be sport handicapping . predict winner for people who bet . I be suppose to just record he pick . the thing be , I do not agree with they . brandon start change game selection , re-writ the copy . brandon voiceover my pick go 9 - and - 1 that weekend . by football season , the job be mine ... int . brandon be new cubicle - several month later - day a football be see , rise and fall from brandon be cubicle . he toss the football as he record a new update -- brandon -- Kansas City be 7 - 1 against the point spread versus division opponent come off a Monday night game . take K.C. minus the six point . call tomorrow for my pro football game of the year -- Tampa Bay versus oakland . that 's 900-656-3100 . this be brandon lang say good night and good luck everybody . brandon pop the tape . don a old unlv windbreaker . he shoulder a beat - up bike , walk up front , hand the tape to he boss . boss hand back a paycheck . regard the amount -- brandon I go 9 - 2 in pro football Sunday and hit my third straight Monday night parlay . boss that 's what you get pay for . brandon I want a raise to 12 buck a hour . boss I do not make 12 a hour . brandon you be not pick 75 percent . boss if you be so good then bet you own game , get rich and send I a postcard from the riviera . boss pop brandon be tape in a multi-line answer system and -- ext . las vega - day brandon ride a beat - up bike through downtown . int . casino - day brandon maneuver through a bustling casino , enter the sport betting room . he go to a rack of print bettling line for the weekend game , pocket a print sheet , see a supervisor . brandon hey stu , where 's the action this weekend ? supervisor / stu we be get big money on Tampa / oakland . everyone 's jump on Tampa Bay . brandon crazy . supervisor / stu you think ? brandon that game 's gonna be win by coach , stu. gruden put that Tampa Bay team together before he come to oakland , right ? he know every weakness of that team and every strength . he know Brown only like to catch over he leave shoulder and he will have he double - team to the right . he know gannon always throw on a 3 - step drop and the linebacker will take away the middle of the field . gannon will be intercept at least 4 time on Sunday . ( stu stare at he , pain look ) ... you get suck into Tampa , do not you ? ( stu manage a nod ) stu , how many time do I have to bail you out ? all right , listen , forget the point spread . oakland 's go to win outright . Bet the money line and bet big . stu thanks , B. omit ext . brandon be house - night brandon ride up . his young brother , denny ( 18 , metallica t-shirt ) and some friend work on a old , bondo - pock muscle car in the garage . denny I scrounge some old header , B ! check it out ! denny turn the key . the car rumble to life . he revs the bored - out engine , flash a shit eat grin . brandon ... awesome dude . that 's a righteous ride , denny . int . brandon be house - night mom be readying for work , dress in croupier attire , search for something as brandon enter . mom I be late . dinner 's in the oven . where the hell 's my lucky crucifix ? brandon reach to a key rack , hand it to she . she don it . mom thank God . a man win 5600 at my table last night . tipped I out in color . I give it to denny , help he with college . brandon nod , downs a carton of milk . mom about to go . mom mail come , letter for you , from Chicago . you just try out last week . they get back to you quick . that 's a good sign . brandon wanna bet ? mom open it . brandon open it . read . word pop out : " Arena football League " ... " we regret to inform you " ... " but base on you performance " ... " staff decline . " brandon at least they kick I a cap . mom shit . int . brandon be room - night fill with exercise equipment . brandon pin the letter to a wall cover by dozen of rejection -- National football League -- canadian football League -- Arena football League . brandon change into short . and now we see , he 's in amazing shape . could maybe still play pro . but that two foot scar run the length of he leg make you wonder . as brandon pump it out we realize he still have a dream of come back , a dream we sense by he intensity be fast slip away and -- ext . las vega - dawn brandon pedal to work when he cell phone ring . answer : brandon hello . man' voice brandon ! brandon yeah ? man voiceover congratulation ! you go 9 - 2 last Sunday ! 20 - 4 college ! pick 77 percent winner since open weekend ! I have be follow you ! I be a big fan , brandon ! a big fan . brandon how would you get this number ? if you want pick , call my 900 line . man voiceover what I want , brandon , be for you to come to New York and work for I . brandon who be this ? man voiceover this be walter abram . I do not know if you know I but I run the biggest sport service in the country . Hell , I start the industry . ask around . ask anyone , even that reprobate boss of yours . it 's my job to keep track of who 's do what and what you be do should be reward . focus , brandon . focus . one day you will look back , see this be one of life 's define moment . allow I to paint a picture for you . right now I be get a massage , look out my window at the great city in the world and all I be ask you to do be come up with a number . write down what you make now , cross it out and write what you should be make and then toss in how much it will take to get you to fly here first class and come work for I -- do I mention free room and board -- and speak up when you have get something to share . ( aside to masseuse ) right there . yeah . deeper . yes . fuck that hurt . brandon do I a favor and lose my number , I gotta go to work . brandon hang up and -- int . brandon' cubicle day brandon heft the bike down the hall , reach he cubicle to find he phone ringing . pick up -- brandon hello . walter vo it 's I again . brandon this be a joke , right ? walter vo a joke can be the ultimate intellectual pursuit sometimes . this ? this be just a job offer . in you top drawer there 's a envelope with you name on it . brandon open the drawer , pull a envelope and a ticket . walter vo that 's travel cash and a airline ticket . it 's not a magic trick , brandon . I pay someone to put it there , who incidentally say the place remind he of a turkish prison . I do not have to tell you you be waste you time there , brandon , unless this be a part time gig -- unless you be plan some kinda " comeback , " in which case I request you use a fraction of you talent and weigh the odd of that dream become reality . two leg fracture ? pass on by every conceivable team in the league ? any chump can make that call , and anyone who clear the board the way you do week in and week out should live in a penthouse on Park Avenue -- which be not for you to construe I be offer that to start , but keep this stat up work for I and I will have you in one in less than a year . unless of course you be a village kind of guy ... brandon glance at the old fade football in he back pack . walter vo run the number , do the math . hold on a sec -- muzak . brandon juggle the phone , search , find a pay stub . amount : $ 275.00 a week . brandon cross it out , write $ 1000 . he cross that out , write $ 1500 . brandon pull a quarter , flip it . the coin bounce , spin , fall and -- ext . JFK moving walkway - day brandon heft a duffel bag -- see a asian driver , chauffeur uniform , mirrore shade , hold a sign read B. lang and -- int . moving limo - day brandon eye a basket of croissant and juice , grab a danish , take a bite , see the driver watch in the mirror . brandon I be gonna pay . I will pay you -- driver -- pay I ? pay walter . his car . I be milton , I drive for he . brandon I think it be a service . ( move to the jump seat , see milton be drive very fast ) so what 's the deal with this guy ? you work for he a long time ? milton oh yeah , go on two week . ( off brandon be look ) I be bike messenger . walter 's driver hit I with he car . I lie on ground , make it look worse than be , big car , you know maybe get some money . Driver call I name , I call he name , he take swing -- big son of a bitch -- so I kick he ass . ( slice the air with he hand ) walter get out . I say he driver can not drive , he say you be right . I say damn right . he ask if I can , I say hell yeah . he take hat off driver , give it to I . every day with walter be ... ext . brooklyn height brownstone - day five storey . next to the Brooklyn Bridge . Manhattan rise across the East River . the limo pull up . brandon step out , regards the structure . exhaust fan dot the second floor . Satellite dish on the roof . Security camera everywhere . int . brownstone - top floor - day brandon follow milton through a large , wildly furnish apartment . they pass a large library dominate by row of bleacher seat from the old polo Grounds . a hot dog stand sit outside a wine cellar . toy tell we there 's a child in the house . a cha- cha play from a stereo . milton stop at a set of door . about to knock when -- walter vo bring he in ! int . walter abram ' office - day walter smoke a cigarette , talk on the phone as a assistant in a separate , adjoin space handle four ringing phone . across the room , a large wall be fill with tvs , each turn to a different channel , no sound . walter I will hire the trainer too ... well run it by they , you will not know until you try ... so , they can stay the night . I will put them up at the Plaza , nice suite , park view ... okay double it ... triple it ... everything 's about money . look , on Sunday , my daughter , a angel , turn six , it 's not likely to happen again . she love elephant . you circus have 10 , I only want one , my little girl 's happiness be in you hand . ( beat , icy edge ) I do not need parent advice from a guy who double as a clown . I want a elephant and I will pay . what will it take to grease you wheel and get one this weekend ? hello ?... hello ? " fuck wad ! ( intercom he assistant , furious ) find ringling Brothers ! get I on the horn with someone who understand profit ! walter see brandon . something new . full focus . he remove the headset . don he glass . circle around . walter whoa , look at you . the marlboro man . ( feel he bicep ) Jesus you be in great shape . brandon I have be in better . walter ( assess brandon as he speak --) modesty 's not a virtue , it 's a vice , as evil as vanity . there be rule to success , brandon , and this be rule number one , know what you know and know what you do not know and know I gotta know everything you know as soon as you know it , if not sooner ! smile . c'mon ! what the hell be that ? I say smile . bigger . hungrier . more tooth . ever sell before ? brandon no . walter if you can sell you will never starve . ever speak in public ? perform ? anything like that ? brandon I play quarterback in college . division one . walter I know , I be talk about not in uniform . brandon I use to sing at church . walter oh really ? so you be religious ? brandon I do not know . I guess . walter certain thing , you either be or you be not . which be it ? brandon when I be a kid I think I want to be a pastor ... obviously not now . I mean , yeah , I believe in God . walter relax . what do I care ? besides , it 's against the law to hire base on religious orientation . you be not a republican be you ? just kid . ( silent beat , stare at he ) you be scare I son . what 's with the deer- caught-in-headlights vibe ? you be a quarterback for God 's sake . a leader . brandon that be six year ago . walter c'mon , you win three conference title at a major university . you think I go to college ? I be autodidactic . Big word , huh ? know what it mean ? self -taught . partially by read , sure , but mostly by keep my eye open and ask a lot of stupid fuck question . I swear to God I be look at myself 30 year ago . a taller , more athletic version maybe , but the resemblance be remarkable . walter crush out the cigarette , spray air freshener . walter I be not suppose to smoke any more , among other thing . it 's bad for my condition . so before I die , do you do anything other than the sport phone in Vegas ? brandon just the 900 number recording , it be full time , I mean we get 10 buck a call . walter chump change , brandon . we be angle for bigger fish here . you see , the network do not talk about it and uncle Sam can not tax it , but sport gambling be a 200 - billion - dollar - a- year-business . this gambler have need , brandon . come Monday morning , after a lose weekend , a lot of they have big need . walter press a button and the tvs fill with football game . walter that 's every pro game play last Sunday . do you know why Monday night 's the most watch game of the week ? it 's because Monday 's the last chance bettor have to climb out of the hole before pay they booky on Tuesday . Sports betting 's illegal in 49 state , include this one , but what we do be 100 % legal -- it 's exactly the same as a stock broker , only instead of tout stock , we advise people on how to bet . we make the big money off we client list . you see , when a client win with we advice we take a percentage , which they gladly give to keep get we pick . when they lose we get zip . so the object here , my tall , athletic , religious friend -- be to win . walter click a control and he face fill the wall of tvs . phone number and message ( " football selection ! " college and pro ! " " basketball pick ! " ) flash on the screen . it 's a high -octane infomercial for sport gambler . tv walter hello -- this be walter abram and welcome to the Sports advisor and week three in professional football . after a nice five day vacation on my yacht I can not be any more ready than I be right now . study the mismatch this weekend I can only conclude they be give my handicapper a license to steal . I want you to take out a blank tv walter co n'd check right now -- go on , do it -- and write in as much you want to cash it for on Tuesday , that 's how much money we be make for you this weekend . Year in , year out , no stock match we return , and for the first time in the history of the company I be release we three - team college and pro parlay absolutely free ! that 's right . this be why in a business with a higher turnover rate than leona helmsley 's may staff we be still go strong after 28 year ! I be give this pick away . 800-238-6648 . 1-800 -bet-on-it . absolutely free . we be look at a big money weekend so let 's get right into it with we panel of expert -- walter ( freeze frame himself , to brandon ) my cable show . tape Thursday , air Saturday and Sunday morning . nationwide . Hell I need a new barber . the man should be shot . look at my hair in the back . brandon how would you afford that yacht if the pick be free ? walter there be no yacht . good , keep ask question . next . brandon you do not answer about the free pick . walter I know . what else ? brandon what 's on the second floor ? walter that 's where we print the money . any more ? brandon no , that clear up pretty much everything . walter great . welcome aboard . we get some good stuff to work with . assistant / over intercom ringling Brothers on one . walter ever have a manicure ? brandon me? no. why ? walter because you need one . besides , there 's a girl you gotta meet . brandon really ? what 's she like ? walter beautiful , you will like she -- ( answer the phone ) -- this barnum or Bailey ? int . high -end , brooklyn salon - day toni morrow look into camera , style a attractive , 30 - ish woman be hair as the woman regards she face in a mirror -- woman I be just think of do some work around the eye . tighten it up a bit . a lift here , look , see this line ? toni I see a beautiful woman . what be you -- all of 35 ? I have a girlfriend , she be stun , go in to " tighten it up a bit " and come out with a permanent smile . even when she cry she look like she 's laugh . another , she 's on she third eye lift . her skin 's so tight , I swear , if you put a egg shell on she butt she would look like a baby bird . woman I be just think of a tune - up . toni oh yeah , first it 's a tune - up , then it 's something else , and one day you will come teeter in with you new 36 cs and a stretch face and you will not be able to say how unhappy you be because of all the collagen they shot in you lip . do youself a favor . skip the surgery and get a shrink , work on the inside . woman easy for you to say . you use to model . the other women customer listen nearby nod in agreement . toni oh yeah , that 's true . that be the good day . sometimes I like to just curl up on the ledge with my box of retouch photo and reminisce about rehab . woman tightly wound today , be not we ? toni I guess . must be the coffee talk . ( hand she a fashion magazine ) here , read a fashion magazine . feel more insecure about yourself . toni walk through the shop , check she watch , pass a row of women get lunch - hour nail job . brandon be squeeze in among they . only guy there . cotton between he toe post-pedicure . hunched and uncomfortable as the women around he discuss boyfriend and relationship . toni ... brandon ? brandon hi. toni I be Toni . walter say you would stop by . brandon Nice to meet you . ( immediately , be : the pedicure ) this be he idea . toni I know . brandon he make all he employee do this ? toni every one . brandon how often ? toni once . before they start work . brandon weird . toni you think ? brandon I have never have my nail do before . toni I can see that . ( put he hand in water ) strong hand . Nice . do you drink ? brandon no thanks . I be fine . toni no , do you drink ? brandon Excuse I ? toni alcohol . be you a drinker ? brandon I have be pretty focus on stay in shape . I mean a beer once in a while . toni smoke ? brandon no . Toni what about gambling ? brandon what about it ? toni look , I be sorry , I be press for time . ( stop work , regard he ) I ask do you bet . be you a bettor ? brandon no . toni really ? why not ? brandon meet she gaze . gear turn . she 's hit on he . brandon Toni , huh ? be you here full - time ? toni it 's my shop , I better be . why do not you gamble ? brandon well I will tell you , Toni . I bet on something once . risked everything I have and lose . toni so ? brandon I swore I would never do it again . Toni you be stick to that story ? brandon hey , we just meet . I sure would not want to start we relationship off by lie . toni well walter could definitely use someone with a little resolve in he life . brandon ( lean in ) ya know , Toni , this be my first time in town . I be not use to how fast thing run around here . I be wonder if you would like to have dinner tonight ? let 's get to know each other without so many people around . toni ... he do not tell you . brandon what ? toni brandon , walter and I be marry . brandon what ? walter just say I be meeting a woman . he act like ... toni walter 's get a weird sense of humor . look , he have a big , bright , beautiful spirit , you will love work for he , but he 's hold together by meeting . if it have " anonymous " at the end , walter go . he have to . he also have to be very careful who he let 's into he life . in most way , walter 's brilliant -- but he can be bullshit and I can not . so he send them over to I before he hire them . brandon you be kid I ? come here ... the manicure ... this be a interview ? toni you be swift . brandon how would I do ? toni except for a illegal forward pass , perfect , fly color . congratulation . I be late for my next appointment . toni walk away , glance back , smile and -- ext . brownstone - day brownstone . camera favor the ground floor window . walter vo the apartment on the first floor be yours . you have satellite tv , a gym , you want to relax there 's a jacuzzi tub the size of a kiddie pool . int . brownstone - first floor - day 900 number office . a phone and a computer on a empty desk . two tvs mount on the wall . walter show brandon around . walter I be start you on the 900 number , same gig you do in Vegas . you will make you pick and record they every day , once a day Monday through Friday and five time a day on weekend . each call 's worth 25 buck a shot . right now we get a few dozen hit a week . we should be do triple that . I be send down some test copy . before you record it , a little advice . brandon sit . regards the phone -- walter you pitch suck , it do not exist . the piece be there , we just gotta bust you out . brandon how ? walter from now on you have a new name -- John Anthony , " the million dollar man . " brandon hold on . what 's wrong with brandon lang ? walter brandon lang be still at home with he mother . you be sell a lifestyle here , and John 's livin ' large . John 's get a direct line to God and for a measly 25 buck a call you be gonna let the world 's loser listen in . int . brownstone - 900 number office - night brandon study the copy . he pop in a CD , hit record , read into a mike -- brandon hello sport fan ! this be John Anthony in the Big Apple with my big money pick ! the action start Saturday with college ball and we first matchup , Michigan against Indiana - - ext . brownstone - day the upstairs window fly open and a CD sail out . walter vo wrong ! int . walter' office - same time - day walter turn from the window , face brandon . walter what 's you sale pitch ? brandon what 's my sale pitch ? 77 percent 's my sale pitch . walter stat be not enough ! this be gambler you be talk to , people ready to risk what they can not afford for what they can not have ! you be sell the world 's rarest commodity . brandon what 's that ? walter certainty in a uncertain world ! int . brownstone - 900 number office - night brandon back at the mike . groping for a delivery . brandon John Anthony here , ready to make all you betting dream come true ! call now and let I win for you ! the point spread in the Indiana / Michigan game 's up to four , make that game a gimme -- int . brownstone - walter' office - day another CD sail out . walter stare at brandon -- walter what be that shit ? you spend 6 year bounce from one dead - end job to another . Riding to work on a frigging bicycle . be you make some kind of statement ? what the hell be you afraid of ? brandon I be not afraid of anything . I be work my ass off , try to get back in the game . walter you be back in the game ! convince I you belong here ! int . brownstone - downstair gym - night brandon pump it out . Music pound on a stereo . brandon watch himself in the mirror , muscle strain . he suddenly slam the bar down , go down the hall , grab the mike , read from the copy and -- brandon this be John Anthony here , and from Wall Street to Tokyo to Hollywood , all you big money stay and play with I ! win consistently 's the name of this game and I always remain the same , winner on a consistent basis , 77 percent winner ! so sit back and relax because because it 's a scud attack this weekend and I be shelling you bookmaker ! int . brownstone - day brandon bound up to walter be office . brandon voiceover game one of my three - team parlay be Michigan host Indiana ; the big boy at Michigan be just 2 - 7 against the spread as a double-digit home favorite and with arch rival Wisconsin on deck next week , Indiana will catch they look ahead ! take Indiana plus the 16 point ! it 's a lock ! int . walter' office - day walter listen to the CD . brandon watch he . brandon voiceover you want more ? John Anthony 's the man with a plan to make you money ! game two go to Florida and North Carolina ! I do not care how many point you gotta lay with Florida , lay it ! they will win by 50 ! walter pop the CD , head for the window . brandon c'mon ! first too little , then too much -- walter it 's a start . brandon tell I what you want . walter no . what do you want , brandon ? that 's what this be about ! walter stop . steady himself . he pull a prescription vial . sit . pass , pain look . brandon walter ? be you okay ? walter ... huh ?... it 's nothing . ( pop a pill from the vial , beat , take another ) ... small one . brandon should I call someone ? walter not unless they get a spare heart . I be okay . walter find a cigarette . light it . savor the first drag . brandon what be you do ? walter courage want to laugh . ext . brooklyn bridge - morning brandon riding he bike hard across the Brooklyn Bridge . wearing earphone while he listen to a radio sport show . radio announcer / keith jackson vo -- talk about college defense you have to include Oklahoma . the okie boy be 2nd -ranke go into this weekend and face a offensive powerhouse in Oregon . that game and more come up after the break . a commerical 's hear as brandon pedal away , glance up and -- surreal sight -- brandon hurtle at a elephant's ass -- he swerve -- look back at the trainer walk the pachyderm across the city span and -- int . brandon' apartment - day a tv screen fill frame . a college football game start . announcers riff a medley of analysis and score . pull back to show -- brandon come out of the shower , towel around he waist , put on a clean shirt . through a ground floor window the boardwalk can be see . a child 's party be in progress . the elephant amble by wear a birthday hat , the bemuse trainer walk beside he . toni and walter be see arm - in - arm with they 6 - year - old daughter , julia . walter cross the lawn , look through the window . brandon be switch between football game blaring from the tv . a radio blast score and update . walter knock on the window , mouth " how we do ? " brandon grab a betting sheet , write something , hold it up -- 0 and 9 . walter scowl . brandon realize it 's upside down , flip it to read -- 6 and 0 . walter kiss the glass and -- ext . brownstone - same time - day walter catch up to toni , walk through the party with she . walter he 's a machine , all he do be work out and pick winner . talk about fit . go take a peek , see he with he shirt off . I do . he 's a serious side of beef . toni enjoy you daughter 's party . walter check he out , you know you want to . toni get out of you head , walter . it 's a bad neighborhood . toni kiss he , walk with walter through the party and -- ext . brownstone roof - dusk Satellite dish aim at the sky . announcer chatter continue over , give non-stop college football score . brandon come down the street , carry a bag of take - out . brandon be Pov -- a second floor window open as someone blow cigarette smoke into the night . activity see inside before the window shut . brandon leave stare and -- ext . park slope - night brandon ride a bike . wear headphone . Sunday 's NFL score come in now . brandon be reaction indicate he 's do well . int . walter' office - night walter write on a call sheet -- 375 call at $ 25/85 at $ 50 ! " the city 's see through walter be office window . NFL announcer chatter subside as score filter in . walter flipping through brandon be betting sheet , smile spread over he face and -- int . n.y.c . restaurant - night loud. crowd . High - end . walter , toni and brandon at a table , order dinner . brandon I will have the bruketta and the -- this , with the pasta . waiter ( take the menus , depart ) very good , and may I say , sir , a excellent choice . walter it 's bruchetta . like little pizza without the cheese . brandon bruchetta . walter do not worry about it . anyone go 20 for 24 in college football , 12 for 14 pro can call it whatever he want . ever drink a thousand dollar bottle of wine ? steward ! toni it 's a waste , walter . he hardly drink . walter it 's a celebration . just because he 's out with a couple of reform drunk do not mean he can not enjoy himself . toni I be a lot of thing , walter , but I be never a drunk . brandon actually , truth be tell , I have never have a 12 dollar bottle of water either . walter he think we be fight . brandon no . I just , this place be great . toni -- watch out , walter , he 's a fixer . walter 175 call on the 900 number . toni do you call home ? let them know how you do ? how you be do ? brandon I will tomorrow . my mom work night at the casino , she will sleep till three . toni be you close with you parent ? walter he 's very close . they sound terrific . toni be you name brandon ? brandon oh , they be great . we talk all the time . toni what be they like ? brandon Mom 's terrific . amazing lady . I get a little brother , denny , go to college next year . complete motor head . dad 's a ... well he 's a sport nut . he be , I mean , it all come from that . walter kid grow up with the frigging cleaver ... int . restaurant - later walter , toni and brandon finish dessert . walter I should have order two . toni what would the doctor say , walter ? walter oh yeah , I have be meaning to tell you . I have a check - up yesterday . afterwards he be very concerned . he sit I down , look I in the eye and say , " walter , who do you like in the buffalo / oakland game ? " walter laugh . he reach to Toni 's plate , lift a dessert pitcher . walter you do not touch the sauce . toni neither should you , walter . walter I read chocolate 's good for you . toni I be not raise a kid alone . walter do not get dramatic , Toni . in biblical time you would just move in with my brother morty . toni shoot he a look and walter quickly set down the sauce . walter -- wow . what a meal . do you feel good , brandon ? content ? brandon very . walter yeah , I can tell . do not be . ever . one week 's over , another begin . the past be merely a prologue . in this job you have to push the envelope every day . brandon glance at a nearby table , catch the eye of a stun girl sandwich between two middle - age , overweight men . walter catch the eye contact before she look away . the girl seem bored as the two big man heartily chow down . walter look at that . beauty and the beast . what do you think of she , brandon ? brandon she 's cute . walter cute do not half cover it . the girl 's gorgeous . and bored out of she mind . wait for some young buck to save she from that two gorilla . check it out . she 's eyeing you again , brandon . brandon so be the two guy she 's with . walter I will bet you 10 - to - 1 on a 1000 you can not pick she up , cash , if you leave with she . Toni c'mon walter . you might as well go to Atlantic City and open a house account . you know you can not gamble . walter who 's gambling ? it 's a challenge . if brandon leave with she I give he ten thousand dollar , that 's probably more than he make last year . if not , he give I a grand , which I will give to you . brandon I do not bet , walter . ( glance over , look from the girl ) ... but I do love a challenge . walter all right . before you bust a move , just one thing ... ( talk across the table , address the model and the two men ) Excuse I , I do not mean to interrupt but walter co n'd I have to know what 's go on here . you be drop dead gorgeous and you date look like they have not miss a meal since Christ die . seriously , you two be eat like you have a date with the electric chair . what 's the story with you three ? I be not gonna sleep if I do not know . lemme guess . Garment district . the hardy boy make lingerie and you be a model . that it ? Close ? sprechenzee English ? sit down , sit down -- I be just joke . I better stop before I get stab with a fork . bon apetit . ( turn back , toni stare at he ) toni what the hell be that ? walter I will send over a bottle of champagne . Toni you will pick up they check . walter the voice of reason . she 's right . I owe them a meal . hey -- here we go , brandon , you girlfriend 's go to the bathroom . the girl glide by they table . head up a flight of stair . walter well get move , slick . brandon after that introduction ? walter hey , I just raise the bar . c'mon , kid . John Anthony could close she . beat . brandon look from walter to toni . toni I would prefer brandon ... brandon smile . he walk through the restaurant , up the stair as the women' room door open and the girl emerge before he . she regards brandon . jade , disintested air . brandon you be beautiful . girl ( step past ) Excuse I . brandon I just want to get to know you . girl you just want to get into my pants . brandon I want to get into you mind , you heart , you soul . I do not see you wear any pants in this equation . beat . this could go either way before -- the girl smile . brandon I be brandon . what 's you name ? girl Alex . brandon Alexandria . beautiful name for a beautiful girl . brandon lean in close , talk too low now for we to hear . selling hard . alexandria laugh at something he say and -- int . moving cab - night brandon and the girl all over each other and -- int . girl apartment - night 40th floor of a luxury high rise . in the darkness , brandon be see naked on a big bed , girl straddle he , body rise and fall , pace quicken , back arching . brandon look up -- girl silhouett against the floor - to-ceil window -- city spire sparkling all around and -- omit int . brownstone back stairwell - day walter and brandon reach the second floor landing , stand outside a solid steel door . walter everything you have ever do 's be lead up to this moment . put you ear to the door . hear that ? it 's the sound of possibility . the din of greatness . walter turn the knob , brandon nearly tumble through and -- int . brownstone second floor - day another world . a dozen salesmen work in a large room . phone ring . fax churn . number be call out . a half - dozen girl stroll the space , deliver betting and tip sheet . walter we use the 800 number and free tip to bait the hook . then the bettor be bounce to we sale staff . ( stop at the front desk , talk to a pretty Brooklyn girl ) you be look lovely today , tammy . give it up baby , you know what I need . tammy smile , hand walter a long list of name and number . walter study the sheet as he walk brandon through the room . walter this be the day 's phone sheet , it 's a list of everyone who 's call . only way to keep track of the action . all lead equal money . brandon' Pov -- walk by salesmen do they thing . the first be a chain smoker , batter ram tone . this be southie . southie do I not tell you that game be go over the total ? now stop hold back and let 's make some serious dough ... what 's we game plan this week ? look , Mr. Mitch , collect from you bookie , wire we pitiful frigging share and then we will discuss the goddamn game plan . the second man' herbie . slight. polite . sooth tone . herbie trust I , we be go to turn all this around ... I be aware last weekend be difficult ... well of course I do , that 's a substantial sum -- ( cupping the phone , to walter ) -- he 's a bit miff about we pick walter fuck he if he can not take a joke . brandon you be tell I that all this be legal ? walter it better be . five of this guy be off-duty cop . we be just advise people how to bet , not make the bet for them . c'mon , I want you to hear we best salesman , Reggie hawk . reggie / into phone -- it say here you minimum bet 's five grand , so let 's be honest now , can you move 50 large on this game or not ?... I do not have time for this shit , Jimmy . I know you be a loser , because if you be such a big winner you would not have pay money to call I today . Vegas be call , I be put you on hold . ( press hold ) what 's up big wally , you slummin ' today ! this the new kid ? walter brandon lang , meet Reggie . reggie you be the qb that go off on the ref . ( brandon shamefully nod ) -- yeah , but you cover ! shit , as much money as the ref cost we every year , that be pure . totally crystal . Hell , I like you already . even if you do get the best office . walter ( be : a item on the sport ticker ) barker 's not play this weekend ? reggie hamstring . brandon no , he 's in the middle of renegotiate . it 's a tantrum , he will play Sunday . walter and reggie exchange a glance , they can use that and -- angle on -- two glassed -in office overlook the sale room . one office be cramme with clutter , bear a prominent keep out sign on the door . Inside , a big , bearded man wolf a breakfast burrito , scour the sport page . in the other office sit a suite , studious - look man in he 30 , talk on a headset -- int . office overlooking sale room - same time - day jerry syke type stat into a computer as he field a call . Three other computer screen flash football info and data . large , complex wall graph chart esoteric team trend . a frame promotional picture show jerry stand in a bank vault , the banner type below read " Jerry ' the source ' syke , creator of the syke Sports wagering system . " jerry ( type on a computer as he speak ) -- I know it 's a new stadium , I be ask if they use astroturf or astroplay ?... astroplay , it have a rubber silica base , like ground up tire ... look , I do not have time to explain abrasion index and resistance scale to you , trust I , it make a big fuck difference ... ( look through the glass , see walter show brandon around ) so bribe a security guard , sneak in with the grounds crew , do what you have to -- this be what I pay you for . int . enclosed office - second floor - day walter and brandon enter . it 's spacious . nicely appoint . a glass partition overlook the sale room . walter I have three guy who pick game . I fire one last weekend . I be give you he job . this be you office . from here out you pick be go straight to we biggest customer . how do you like it ? brandon what 's not to like ? jerry syke appear at the door . fast glance at brandon , attention to walter -- jerry the Miami / New York point spread shift a half tick up to 10 . walter what do you think ? jerry Miami 's still a lock . the win / loss ratios and rpi rating be off the chart . I be keep it on my sheet . walter Jerry 's we top handicapper , come to I straight out of grad school . Jerry , meet the new kid in town . jerry whoa , phone guy make good . Big jump from the 900 number . watch out you do not get a nose bleed . just kid , best of luck , I gotta get back to work . brandon pleasure meeting you . by the way , Jerry , New York 's gonna win straight up . they always play the fish tight . tonight it 's foregone , they win outright . jerry really ? listen up , stick to college , sonny . you have to work up to pro ball around here . Nice try though . walter ( watch jerry walk away ) I get three guy who can handicap and 20 who can sell but I never have one who could do both , not really , not until now . brandon you mean I ? walter not you . John Anthony . brandon John Anthony do not exist . walter that 's a shock ' cause I be stand in he office and you be sit in he chair ! brandon look , make prediction be one thing -- but push people to bet , it 's not I . walter push people ? get real , this country be build on gambling . look at Wall Street -- one big casino . the state spend million hawk the lottery . if people want to pay for advice on who to bet , who be we to say no ? stop be selfish , spread the word ! check you bible , brandon , tis better to give than receive . brandon you get a whole room full of salesmen . walter Big bettor do not want to talk to a middle man , they want to speak to the guy make the pick -- and you be pick 80 percent winner . walter con'd what 's the matter ? gonna lose you purity ? c'mon , what do you think sell be ? we be just talk a few well - time phrase . let 's start with a easy one . a throw -away . " I do not want you money , I want you bookie 's fuck money ? " brandon I do not want you money -- walter -- Jesus , do not start that shit again . sell I . brandon I do not want you money , I want you bookie 's money ! walter what happen to the fuck ? brandon nothing , I just do not talk like that . walter I can not have someone work for I who can not say fuck . brandon it 's not that I can not . why do I have to ? walter because there 's no other fuck word that can convey the precise feel and fuck flavor of life 's various predicament and certain concept the way a well - place fuck can . fuck be you friend . fuck can be you best friend . brandon I be happy for you and you friend , walter , but I be not use it . walter chaucer use it 600 year ago . it be good enough for he . c'mon -- ( call out to the salesmen ) -- this fuck guy have a problem say fuck ! a chorus of " fuck yous " fill the air . walter c'mon , repeat after I -- fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck . fuck he , fuck she , fuck I , fuck they , fuck I -- try it . brandon it 's not I . let it go . walter backbone . almost as good . we will keep work on the other thing ... so , you really like New York in tonight 's game ? ext . manhattan - mid -day look down fifth . thousands of head in a hurry to get somewhere . here come brandon and walter . brandon where be we go ? walter continue you education . int . manhattan apartment build - day a dozen people fill a upscale live room . doorbell . a well dress woman answer . walter and brandon stand before she . walter we be here for the gambler 's anonymous meeting ... int . manhattan apartment - day the group sit in a circle , listen as a businessman , near tear , give he testimony . businessman ... I mean you would think with two mortgage out , repo guy stake out my car , my job on the line and my wife threaten to leave , you would think I would have the goddamn brain to stop , instead of stay in the chase , double down , which of course be what I do ... I know I be sick because I keep think if I just pull that game out then I get a lock on the parlay and I be flush go into Monday night and -- ( break down , unable to continue ) member # 1 ... it 's a disease , Leon . member # 2 admit you have a problem be the first step . businessman / leon then I guess I be do pretty good because I get one big fuck problem . someone clap . everyone join in . leon smile . warm beat . walter suddenly stand . brandon watch , concerned . walter my name 's walter . I be new to the group . ( various " hellos " ) hi. I have be go to meeting like this for 18 year . once a week , every Friday night , for 18 year . this , my friend , be my 936th consecutive meeting . ( enthusiastic applause ) thank you . thanks . and my hand to God , I have not be to a track , casino or bet a game that whole time . not a cent . ( murmur of approval ) I have listen to thousand of sob storey by people like Leon here , and I gotta say , Leon -- if I learn one thing it 's that gambling be not you problem . leon it 's not ? walter not even close . you be a lemon . like a bad car , there 's something inherently defective in you . and you . and I ! all of we here -- we be lemon ! Big , juicy , acidic , ice - tea flavor lemon ! we look like everyone else but we be defective because when most people make a bet they want to win , while we , the degenerate gambler of the world , we be subconsciously play to lose . all human like go to the edge of the abyss , but what make we different be we go all the way and hurl ourselves off into the void ! and we like do it so much we do it time after time after time ! I ? I always feel most alive when they be rake away the chip , and every one here know what I be talk about . people like we , even when we win , it 's just a matter of time before we give it all back . but when we lose , and I mean the kind of loss that make you asshole pucker to the size of a decimal point , there 's a moment when you be stand there and you have just recreate the worst possible nightmare this side of malignant cancer for the 20th goddamn time and you suddenly realize -- hey , I be still here , I be still breathe , I be still alive ! in order to really live you have to be aware of you own mortality -- and a lose bet of a certain size be one of the best way walter con 'd I know of get that feel . when you win , you defy death , but when you lose , you survive it , and that 's remarkable ! we lemon , we fuck shit up on purpose ! we need to constantly remind ourselves that we be alive ! gambling 's not the problem , Leon , you fuck up need to feel something , to convince yourself you exist , to test what 's really real , that 's the problem ! bicycle messenger hey ! you be the guy I see on tv every weekend sell betting pick ! walter ... yeah . so ? this guy pedal a tout service on tv . walter check the charter , buddy , we all leave we job at the door . you gonna toss a ex-alcoholic bartender out of a aa meeting ? bicycle messenger ( to brandon ) hey , do not you come with this jerk ? brandon ... no , I mean , we walk in together -- walter ( hand out business card ) -- my card -- we be topping 80 percent this season -- put it in you wallet , in case you fall off the wagon -- int . apartment elevator - day walter and brandon riding down in silence . finally -- brandon what the fuck be that ?! walter ... what would you just say ? brandon you hear I ! I say what be that ? walter no , you say " what the fuck ? " that 's what you say . brandon so ? walter that be great ! it be all worth it ! do not you see ? I feel you anger because of that one word ! well do ! I be proud of you ! the progress you be make brandon , I gotta say , it 's exhilerate ! omit int . salesroom - day cacophony of call . Building buzz . College football game play in the bg . the big , bearded man exit he pack - rat cluttere work space , stride to the office coffee machine , pour a quick cup . brandon approach , extend a hand . brandon hey , I stop by to say hi , I be brandon . big man ( averting he gaze , walk past ) congratulation . brandon I be pick now with you and Jerry . chuck ( ducking back into he office ) whatever . the man shut the door , leave brandon look at the keep out sign . southie stop for a coffee , have see the exchange . southie do not take it personal . Chuck 's get a condition , get 's anxious around people . chuck close he blind , block out he glass - in wall and -- int . brandon' office - day brandon be poring over sport page and injury report when tammy enter he office , sit on he desk , extend a lead sheet . tammy his name 's amir , he 's a dime bettor . own a dry cleaner . we get he for the subscription . he 's on line three . ( lean in , give brandon a kiss ) tammy walter want you first call to be special . go get them tiger . brandon ( pick up ) amir , my man , John Anthony here ! int . new jersey dry cleaner - day a middle eastern man ( ratty t-shirt , beard stubble , sleepless look ) stand in the back of a low - end dry cleaner . amir yes , hello . brandon today 's you day , amir ! it 's a Pamplona thing , I be run wild in the street this weekend ! start with the hot Saturday of my life ! how much can you lay with you bookie ? 20 large ? amir you crazy ? no way . I be betting a thousand a game but ... look , I see a ad . I be just call to see -- brandon -- amir , this be my lock of a lifetime ! Texas plus the six point ! they win by two touchdown ! amir really ? I like Oklahoma in that game . brandon ( look up , see walter watch ) Oklahoma huh ? okay ... well consider that , I like Texas even more now . amir I should not have call . thank you for -- brandon -- amir , buddy , I be talk about bang out the biggest win of you life . walter cross , whisper to brandon . into the phone : brandon hold on , I get Vegas on the line . ( press hold ) walter there 's only one thing you have to know about any of we client -- they be all in the hole . the second they pick up the phone , wham ! right to the point ! you be above they ! let them feel it ! more confidence ! more John Anthony ! ( punch speaker phone ) brandon / into phone amir , what 's you favorite drink ? amir favorite drink ? I dunno , pina colada . brandon tomorrow we gotta get you a new drink . but for now , this be what you be gonna do . first , you be go to bet 20 large on Texas , then you be go to put on a Hawaiian shirt , whip up you sweet little rum concoction with the orange slice and the cherry , turn on the game and play with the little umbrella while you sit back and watch Texas tear that okie a new asshole -- and when you call I back after win 20 G 's the first thing out out of you mouth will be word every fratboy know -- " thank you , sir , may I have another ! " amir ... what about payment ? brandon good question . what about it ? amir well how much be this go to cost I ? brandon we take a percentage if we win , amir -- not exactly you problem of late , be it ? amir what if I do not pay ? brandon it 's simple , you do not get any more pick . comprende ? so make the bet , make the drink and let 's roll this into something big ! int . brandon' office - night brandon jam , use a phone headset . brandon to hell with power rating -- mcnab lose he dog yesterday ! hunting accident . everyone know you do not mess with a man who just lose he dog ! take Atlanta plus the point and send I ten thou western Union by tomorrow , Stan -- let 's ride this wave into Sunday ! ( punch a new call ) denny ! sorry to keep you on hold , bro ... Hell yeah it take picture , bitchen little phone , huh ? now I get something else for ya , Green Bay against Minnesota , take the cheeshead ... that 's right -- go to a sport book and put 500 hundred on them ... so I will send you the money to bet ... do not worry about it , just jpeg you big brother a smile when you win . int . sale room - day walter pace like a hype - up ahab as he salesmen jam . southie billy , thanks for the 15,000 fed ex . what be you up , 160 or something ? do you ever go 12 - 2 betting college football before ? do not think so . now , greenbay--dallas--cleveland--100,000 across the board , get it ? reggie the fuck do you care how he do it ? and where the hell 's we 30 grand for hit that 3 - team college parlay last night ? herbie ( sip a cup of tea ) do this , call you off - shore sport book right now and put the whole 100,000 on Green Bay - Dallas - Cleveland , it 's call a three - team parlay and pay 6 - 1 . I do appreciate the 40000 you send we today , but let I assure you we have only just begin to make serious money . int . walter' office - day NFL game fill the tv screen . theme music , announcer and action create a frenetic pace . time lapse same shot . later . Sunday sport start wind down and -- time lapse same shot . later . all the screen be dark save one , where the last game of the day finally end in overtime and -- int . brandon' office - night brandon pull the headset , head out to the water fountain . salesmen work the phone , glance at he as he pass . herbie ... hey -- great job . int . walter' apartment - night toni in the kitchen cooking pasta . move fast . brandon sit in the live room , watch julia ride walter like a horse . Music on the stereo . julia faster daddy ! walter crawl around the room , stop before brandon , grin . walter 10 - 2 in pro football ? 85 percent for the weekend ? Jesus , you be a mutant . julia go daddy ! walter whinny like a horse , keep crawl . brandon go into the kitchen . toni cooking at the stove , refer to a daily planner , talk on the phone . toni Monday 's no good because I take Julia to ballet . Tuesday I work late at the salon . Wednesday 's a maybe if I can move a couple client to after six but I will have to check . I really want to come in with he . listen , I have to call you back tomorrow . ( grab a pot about to boil over ) brandon what 's all the commotion ? toni the doctor , thank God , put walter , on a exercise program . I want to be there the first time he go . make sure the trainer understand walter 's aversion to consistency . brandon aversion to consistency ? toni he 's always be that way . brandon well that 's consistent . close on -- walter watch from the live room -- see toni and brandon laugh , enjoy each other and -- int . live room - night walter , toni and brandon relax after dinner . walter life be fuck ... good . ( burp , regard brandon ) let 's talk about make it better . toni duck , brandon , here it come . walter I have be tracking you since last year . toni do not let he steamroll you . walter -- can I get the damn thing out ? I want to put John Anthony on tv this week . brandon that 's I . you mean I . walter that 's right . you , John Anthony . you be one in the same . toni go on -- get to the good part , walter . walter hold on . before I say another word , understand -- you do this thing , brandon , and from here out you gotta eat , sleep , shit , breathe , walk , talk and fart John Anthony . it 's not just a new persona . you can not play it . you gotta live it . that 's how this work . the only way it work . you have to sell it all the way . toni think it over , brandon , do not decide now . brandon it sound like a promotion . walter Bet you ass it be . five-star . brandon -- I be in . toni well that 's a thoughtful response . here I be , worried you would rush you decision . brandon it 's the only move . for six year I have be live on ramen noodle . for the first time in a long time I have get something go . if that mean I gotta do a little act , fine . walter live , not act . you understand that as of right now brandon lang with he fettucini knee and he self - fuck pity be as flat dead as Donald trump 's hair and John " I - can-walk - on-fuck - water " Anthony have take he place ? toni listen to what he 's ask you , brandon . walter she 's right . there 's no go back . I mean that . this be gonna cost I . I be talk about building a empire around you . do you understand that ? brandon ... should I wait a little to create some tension ? of course I understand , I be John Fucking Anthony . I have get the crystal ball ... int . toni be salon - day brandon' face fill screen . scissor come in , start cut . toni begin bring John Anthony to life . brandon chat she up in the chair , toni laugh at something he say and -- int . barney' men' store - day brandon ( new haircut ) stand in private room , modeling a suit . walter nearby , look through rack of clothes with a salesman . int . mercede dealership - day brandon ( new haircut , new suit ) walk through the showroom as walter talk with a dealer . walter I need a new car for my friend . dealer ( to brandon ) do you have any credit ? brandon no . dealer walter , do you trust he ? walter with my wife naked . dealer ( call to brandon ) in that case , which one do you want ? brandon come over , run he hand over a sleek , silver sl500 . walter I think he like that one . ext . sixth avenue bar - day the silver sl500 pull to the curb . license plate read " 900 king . " a pair of $ 500 shoe emerge . brandon stand on the sidewalk as the doorman come up , eye the car . doorman I will watch it for you . ( see the license plate ) what 's " 900 King ? " brandon ( hand he a card ) I do not lose . brandon head into the bar , meet walter and a group of heavy hitter outside . John ANTHONY instantly come alive and -- int . tv production house - night brandon and walter sit side - by-side , get make - up . make - up artist / to brandon you be sweat a lot honey . brandon nervously regards himself in the mirror . walter see . walter you okay ? brandon I be scared shitless . walter do not worry about you line , it 's all script . you have be here before , kid , just think of it like a football game . brandon this be different . walter how ? brandon there 's no opponent . walter perfect , then you be a lock to win . int . tv production house - night the camera track to a talk show - like set dominate by a triangular table , three chair and a backdrop bear a sport - theme logo and the word - the sport advisor . brandon sit between walter and jerry , increasingly nervous as the cameras push close . chuck arrive , loud suit , take a seat at the end of the table , head down , averting eye contact with everyone . tech 30 second . walter , we be not get you audio . walter ( fumble with a clipped on mike ) something 's wrong here . jerry ( lean over , plugging in a wire ) you lead 's loose , I get it . I be talk to the tech guy about go wireless . jerry look at brandon , stare anxiously at the teleprompter . jerry John Anthony , huh ? all I see 's another wannabee in a 1000 - dollar suit . Word to the wise , save the clothes you come in . tech five , four , three , two , one -- ( note : walter and the panel follow text from a teleprompter . ) walter welcome to this week 's edition of the Sports advisor ! America 's premier sport information program with myself , walter abram , Jerry syke , Chuck adler and a truly gift newcomer to the Sports advisor panel , a substantial find -- John Anthony ! we be enter week six in pro football ! this be when the cream rise to the top ! this be when thing get hot ! it 's oven mitt time ! this be big-time ball season so let 's get right into it with the wizard of odd -- Jerry " the source " syke ! Jerry , what 's the syke system predict for this weekend ? jerry walter , my patent computer model tell I we be look at nothing less than the perfect storm of betting opportunity . but first , last week I cashed in a big-time call on on Chicago as a outright winner over Indianapolis -- make it my 8th straight top selection winner right here on this tv show ! this Sunday I have 5 match -up I absolutely love , include Miami at New York ! stat , ranking , record , weather , the syke system use 42 prove index to eliminate the guesswork from sport wagering . without my patent , computer - base pick you have a better chance of see God knock on you door with five stripper and a bag of bolivian cocaine than win on you own ! call I for my five game ! absolutely free -- 800-238-6648 ! walter we expert know how to read between the line , we know how to analyze a point spread , we be not pull rabbit out of a hat here . certainly not Chuck adler -- ( turn to chuck ) Chuck , you would probably eat that rabbit if you get you hand on it . chuck ( come suddenly , wildly alive ) Hell yes -- with a side order of fry bookmaker !!! I be the grim reaper of bookmaker ! I have put more booky out of business than the i.r.s .! how many gambler do I bail out last weekend with my game of the year ! Denver , a 10 - point underdog beat cincinatti by two touchdown ! a $ 100 bettor make $ 10,000 ! chuck con'd a $ 500 bettor make $ 50,000 ! I have get six game on Sunday I be release absolutely free ! this game be a burial ! a blow - out ! a human lock ! you can bet you child 's unborn child 's child on this six game -- absolutely free !!! walter ( finger in he ear ) Holy Christ , I forget my earplug . take a break before you blow a gasket , we will get back to you after my hearing return . Saturday come before Sunday and look at this Saturday 's college match - up be the last but certainly not least member of the Sports advisor -- John Anthony ! brandon ( read off the teleprompter ) -- John Anthony here , the million dollar man with the billion dollar plan ! from Wall Street to Tokyo to Hollywood , all you big money stay and play with I ! ( beat , processing this , suddenly go off the teleprompter script ) -- someone write some great stuff for I here but the " million dollar man , " I dunno , it sound kinda small somehow . I mean maybe if you change that m in million to a Z I could get behind it . they try all sort of name , want to call I the Magic man -- but pick 80 percent winner sound pretty scientific to I . so let 's just call I John . I be a quarterback . and every qb know the key to victory be anticipate -- the ability to see the future and react to it . that be what I do , that 's the truth , and what do they say about the truth , walter ? walter ... it bite you on the ass ? brandon not in my case . you tell we , Jerry . jerry it set you free ? brandon that 's right , but with I it make you m-o-n-ee ! I be pick 80 percent , be that unbelievable ? well it use to be . I know the league ! I know the player ! I brandon con 'd know the game ! I be you friend on the field ! you insider on the outside ! you can not do what I do if you have not be there ! play at the level I have ! maybe you will get lucky -- guess right once in a while -- but this match - up will not be call consistently by anything other than experience ! forget trend ! throw out every system you possess ! keep you friend but toss they opinion out the window ! it 's time to change I - would -if - I - could to I - can-and - I - be ! you wanna know who I like -- call that little number at the bottom of you screen ! brandon continue . camera on walter , watch proudly and -- int . walter and toni be apartment - night walter walk down the dim hall , look in on julia , sleep . int . walter and toni be bedroom - night dim darkness . silence . then someone bump into something . muffled curse . a light go on . toni sit up in bed , see walter fully dress , across the room , hold he shoe . walter I be not here . go back to sleep . toni it 's four in the morning . walter ( continue to he dresser , manic ) what a show ! you should have see he ! I be sit there watch he roll and I swear he make I want to grab a phone and call ! I take the sale boy out to Smith and wo 's . get them prime for the weekend . Chuck get drunk , take a swing at one of the deer head on the wall . just blow off steam . I be gonna hire more guy Monday . put in more phone . everything 's amp up . it 's okay . there 's room . I will tear down a few wall , fit another 10 desk down there easy . I be gonna do a whole dot - com thing around he ! oh shit , if I have I when I be he age ... I never have a protege . someone you hand it all down to . anything happen to I , he step in ! just know that , with the thing ... I mean that 's just beautiful ! ( change into workout clothes ) just beautiful . toni what be you do ? walter go for a run . see the sunrise . we be double volume this week . and double it again after that . he can pick , he can sell , he 's gonna change thing around here . he 's the real deal . know sport from the inside . that 's how he pick . guy like he come along once in a -- a -- toni -- 100 year . walter yeah , a lifetime . toni walter , come to bed . walter not tired . toni you be exhaust . walter I be just gonna run the bridge , up fifth , circle Central Park , be back in no time . toni get in bed . lie down next to I . come on . come here , walter . walter just a quick once -around . toni Roll on you stomach for a minute . walter just for a sec . I have gotta meet the trainer tomorrow . told I to run . run in place , or from one place to another ... walter lay down . toni gently massage he back . she lean in , whisper to he . we sense she 's do this before . toni -- I know . of course you do . this be no time to sleep , walter ... can not sleep now ... just because you be so tired ... completely , totally , utterly exhaust ... I will be here when you get back from you toni con 'd run ... right beside you ... you go on now , baby , I will stay right here ... it 's okay ... Close you eye ... just for a second before you leave ... I be not go anywhere ... I will just hold you -- ( quietly cry ) I will wait right here for you ... toni be whisperings become a constant , soothing , mantra . walter be eye close . dress in sweat and sneaker . go . toni loosen he lace , cover he with a blanket , slide under the cover . toni kill the light . see in darkness . holding walter close , drape a protective arm around and -- int . sale room - day a sledge hammer smashes through a wall . deliverymen dolly in new desk and chair to accomodate more salesmen . southie and reggie at the water fountain , watch the room expand . southie you see he this morning ? wearing that suit to work now . reggie he keep pick 90 percent I will press the fucker for he . walter walk in , stop at the front desk , speak to tammy . walter what a weeken ! helluva Christmas bonus if this keep up . where would you hide the phone sheet ? tammy locate the sheet , hand it to he . walter study it , start away . he see something , stop . walk back -- walter ( to tammy , point on the sheet ) who 's this ? this guy here -- lang ? tammy I dunno , he say it be personal . walter do brandon take the call ? tammy he be not in . walter do not mention it to he . and do not patch the guy through . say brandon do not work here , you can not reach he . int . brandon' office - day brandon at he desk , read the New York Post . jerry enter . jerry you know anything about stokley be out this weekend against the New York ? brandon a knock would be nice , Jerry . jerry I be underwater here , man . yes or no ? brandon no . jerry you know something ... you hear anything , let I know . that 's how this work . brandon I will rush right over . stat . jerry all inside information get share . brandon Inside ? I have get nothing inside . jerry f.y.i . -- we work as a team here , that 's the way we do it . I will do the same for you . so stop hold out on I , babe . brandon this would not have anything to do with you go 30 percent this weekend , would it ? jerry listen you little shit , I have be do this six year to you one . walter ( enter , to jerry - -) what be you do in here ? hit the phone and do some damage control -- re-write you frigging computer program . jerry hey , it be a fuck weekend . walter for some people . ( to brandon ) walter there 's a 50 - dime bettor on line three . want to talk to John Anthony . brandon who ? walter his name 's Carl . Carl own a couple dozen McDonalds franchise . guy 's a gazillionaire . that sign out front might as well be he bank account . jerry no no no no no . what would you mean ? I land that lead ! that 's my guy ! walter be . jerry he 's raid my fuck list ! walter you client be jump ship you lactose intolerant fuck ! get outta my sight ! jerry leave . brandon pick up the phone -- brandon Carl , John Anthony here , how 's the fast - food king ...? good -- int . walter and toni be apartment - night the door open . toni , carry grocery , and julia , dress in ballerina clothes enter , walk into the kitchen . julia can we play ? toni okay , let I just put the grocery away . julia I want to play princess . toni so do I . go put you dress on . julia run off to she room when toni suddenly spy a tacky , woman 's jacket drape on a chair . toni regards it and -- the camera track toni through the apartment . down the hall . voice hear . a man and woman as -- walter emerge from he office with a call girl . he 's pull bill from he wallet . walter easy 200 , huh ? here 's something extra for a cab . girl thanks , walter . talk to ya . walter ( see toni ) I can explain . the call girl slide by , show herself out . toni stare . walter no , no , you think she be for I ? be you crazy ? no . I just have she come up to pay she . I get she for John . toni I do not give a damn who you get she for ! we have a 6 - year- old in the house , walter ! what the hell be go on here ? ( look in , check the make bed ) do not bullshit I ! walter you think I sleep with she ? c'mon ! toni who the hell 's John ? walter brandon , we all call he John now . toni you get brandon a hooker ? walter New city , no friend , work all hour . toni what the hell be you create here , walter ? walter I do not understand this . I be help he out , that 's all . toni helping he ? really ? like the other before he ? walter this kid 's different , he 's different -- wait a minute . this have nothing to do with you , you know I do business up here . why be you so angry ? toni be we actually go to have this conversation ? be you completely clueless ? walter you be jealous . look at you ! toni of what ?! walter gee , I do not know -- brandon screwing someone ? toni you really be fuck crazy , walter ! that never enter my mind ! walter that 's not where that thought enter . toni fuck you ! toni go into the kitchen , slam the door . Calling to she -- walter you will be happy to know he do not sleep with she . I pay she off just for come . no pun intend . walter grimace , clutches he side . walter pop one , two -- three pill from a vial , let 's they settle as julia , princess clothes , run down the hall , leap in he arm . walter stifles the pain of she embrace . carry she down the hall . walter ... Julia my jewel , you be get big angel . julia can we play princess , daddy ? walter course we can . who be I gonna be ? julia you be the king , daddy , like always . int . sport advisor tv set - night brandon practice John Anthony expression . a pretty make - up artist finish touch he up . make - up artist I make 500 buck off you pick last week . I be think maybe we could go out later and get a little wild ... you can help I blow some . brandon let 's get really wild and you can blow mine . the girl laugh . brandon cross the stage , take he place on the set between walter and jerry . chuck sit off to the side , eat a muffin . walter look voer at brandon -- walter look at you . I like the tan . brandon Toni put one of that lamp down in my room . the lady do love it . technician 60 second ! walter John 's up first tonight , Jerry . jerry what ? walter John Anthony 's lead off tonight . jerry John Anthony 's lead ? walter somebody tell the engineer there 's a echo in here . jerry two year I lead and you bury I in the deck over a few lousy fuck weekend ? the syke system 's base on percentage -- the long haul . walter no , that 's call a mutual fund , Jerry . jerry ( to chuck ) you gonna sit for this shit ? chuck shrug , finish he muffin . jerry turn to walter -- jerry ... he lead , I be walk . walter he 's lead . jerry unclip he microphone , stand . walter that 's baby talk ! you need a fuck rattle ! sit down ! ( stare he down ) you probably think you know what I be gonna say ... how everything you get I pay for . you apartment , you car , you kid 's school -- and it 's true . you would be right . I do . now I do not know , Jerry , maybe you break you lose streak , end the shneid , start win again and find yourself another job , but then of course maybe you do not . I do not see you take that chance . my gut say you will walk out of here on principle or even pride but not on a gamble , a hunch yet . and if you do , fuck it . I give a shit ? the only reason I keep you around be it make I look loyal and he -- ( point at brandon ) -- look good ! now you get three fuck second to stop stand there like dog shit on my porch and sit down and shut the fuck up or you can kiss everything you have goodbye ! the clock 's start . beat . jerry sink into he seat . walter turn to brandon . walter see that ? he make the safe play . I , I would have walk , but I be a fuck - up human be . that 's the difference between we . right there . Jerry 's a statistician , I be a gambler . and you be not a gambler , not really -- until you bet more than you can afford to lose . technician five , four , three , two , one -- walter welcome to week 7 of pro football ! int . sport advisor tv set - back hall - night brandon do taping , wiping off make - up , talk on he cell -- brandon denny , it 's I ... what would I tell ya ?... hey , it 's you money , dude , you win it ... well do you hook it up yet ?... Hell yeah , crank it , let I hear -- intercut - ext . denny at home in garage - night denny on he cell , crouch under the dash of he car , wiring a new stereo . he touch two wire and the sound system boom to life , deafen hip - hop before denny disconnect the wire . denny it 's the bomb , b! brandon sure sound like it ! I be head out with some people , everything else cool ? denny everything 's great . do dad reach you ? brandon dad ? no , why ? denny he keep call . he see you on tv , want to talk to you . I give he you work number but he say they will not put he through . brandon really ? brandon be eye catch walter across the set , watch a playback of the show . toni enter the studio , kiss walter hello and -- int . tv production house lobby - night walter , brandon and toni exit the stage , enter into the lobby . walter I be starve , there 's a new steak house around the corner . you two split a prime rib , I will get the porterhouse , we will whack it up ! toni let 's walk , you could use the exercise . walter stop worry . we be set -- ( arm around brandon ) -- I get the next Jimmy the Greek here ! I be serious ! nostra-fucking - damus be a novelty act next to this guy ! brandon let I ask you something , walter . walter shoot . brandon have you be block any of my call ? walter of course . you do not need distraction , there 's a lot of crazy out there . brandon do that include my father ? walter you be ask , I will tell you ... yeah . brandon ( stride outside ) Son of a bitch -- for how long ? walter ( follow ) week or so . toni walter . ext . tv production house build - night walter and toni trail brandon down the lamp - light sidewalk . walter hold on , brandon , if I do not block he call would you have talk to he ? honestly . brandon that 's not the point ! walter then what exactly be the point , brandon ? what 's the full story here ? what 's the deal with you old man ? brandon you tell it , you seem to know . walter -- I only know piece . I be try to spare you from something . brandon ( stop under a street light ) spare I ? by block my call ? there 's nothing you can spare I from . he 's a drunk . Left when I be 9 . I could not t compete with a bottle . end of story . walter ... that 's it ? that 's the best you can do ? Hell , Toni and I will match we dysfunctional childhood against yours any day of the week . my father , 5 - foot - arm like this , cock the size of a hebrew national -- if I even look at he wrong he knock I across the room like lamotta . he yell so much , until I be five I think my name be asshole . tell he about you , Toni . well go on -- toni I do not have a great home - life either . walter " great ? " tell he about the uncle -- toni -- he get the idea . walter do not sugarcoat this shit , you be abuse by everybody but the family pet , be not that right , honey ? toni walter , please . walter ( to brandon ) you father be a drunk , a jerk -- so what ? it happen . I be glad I blow he off . know why ? because what you need be a new image of a man . how ' bout I ? brandon that 's a really scary think . walter if not I , then pick someone else . it 's all in you head ! the shit that happen to you , to Toni , to I -- you know what it be ? just that , shit that happen . walter con'd it 's not who we be . after walter co n'd all the therapy and the analysis and the meeting and the -- aaahhhh ! -- the one thing I know -- ( yell to the sky ) -- we're all fucked up ! we be all just so fuck up ! ( to brandon ) say it ! shout it ! come on , you two -- wallow with I here ! a man stick he head out a window down the street , yell -- man I be try to sleep , asshole ! walter dad ! be that you ? man I will crush you like a beetle ! walter how 's Mom ?! man Fucking freak ! walter I love you too ! do not wait up ! walter , toni and brandon all laugh . the three of they double over on the dark , desert street . man scream from above . the ring of a phone begin bleed in and -- int . brandon' office - day New furniture and sport photo on the wall suggest the passage of time . brandon stand before a mirror , be fitte for a suit by a tailor . he have a cigar in one hand , Coke in the other , talk into a headset as he watch the tailor work . brandon be you serious , amir ? you gonna fuck haggle with I over a measly 50 thousand on the 250 grand I win you this weekend ? ext . amir' dry cleaners - day amir ( sharply attire ) stand outside he business , lean against a brand new , red Ferrari as he talk on the phone . amir do not get I wrong , John . I be thankful , very much , you be amazing , it 's just that 50 thousand seem slightly steep -- brandon -- the first time you call I you be in a hole the size of the Grand Canyon , you be cry about hock you fiance 's ring and this weekend you be phone I from a suite at the bellagio that I put you in -- you know what -- I be cut you off ... you want to continue with I , I be tagging on a 10 percent aggravation tax ! now get to western Union and shoot I 75 grand by tonight and we will kiss and make up . ( hang up , to the tailor ) no cuff . ( the phone ring , pick up --) John Fucking Anthony , talk to I . woman voiceover this be ... May I please speak to a brandon lang ? brandon ... Mom ? int . brandon be vega home - day brandon be mom drink coffee , talk on the phone brandon' mother brandon , be that you ? brandon voiceover that 's I . intercut brandon' mother be you okay ? brandon never better . kick ass and take name . do you get the money I send ? brandon' mother well that 's why I be call , honey . brandon good good good . I talk to denny . next month I be fly you and he out here . first class . I will put you up at the Plaza . you will love this joint . brandon' mother it sound great , brandon , but the money -- it 's too much . where do you get it ? brandon I make it . earned it . every fuck cent . put it in denny 's college fund . brandon' mother listen to you . brandon it 's just how people talk here . ( look down at the tailor , edge ) how many time I gotta say no cuff ? brandon' mother who 's this John Anthony person ? brandon he 's I . I be he . brandon' mother and he talk like that ? brandon he 's pretty fuck salty -- geez , I be sorry , Mom -- I mean yeah . look , the main point be I be learn a lot here . brandon' mother then you should know you can not be two people , brandon . brandon I appreciate the concern , ma , but the check I have be send -- the check you have be cash -- that be from John Anthony . brandon' mother funny , I think they be from my son . walter enter , slap a airline ticket on he desk . walter we be go to Puerto Rico ! brandon gotta put you on hold , ma. ( press a button on the headset ) what 's in Puerto Rico ? walter since ricky Martin move out , all that 's leave be tourist , cruise ship and C.M. novian -- one of the biggest sport bettor in the world . he just call . want to meet you in person ! to -day ! Flight leave laguardia in 45 minute . brandon ( activate the headset ) I gotta go , ma ... ma ... Son of a bitch -- my own fuck mother hang up on I ! ext . san juan INTERNATIONAL airport - night a airliner roar in for landing . int . airline terminal - night walter and brandon pass through frame . brandon what do you know about he ? walter not much , ' cept for the fact he 's a world class prick . bastard treat I worse than my Hong Kong tailor . never once return a call . I have be try to bag this guy for year . do you have any idea what this be worth ? brandon no , but I want a bonus if we pull it off . walter look at I . there be no if -- it 's only when . this time he call we , remember ? you hook he . know that . sweat that . brandon relax , I will get in character in the car . walter suddenly slow , wince . he angle toward a bathroom . brandon ... walter ? walter grab for a water fountain , miss , suddenly collapse . brandon you vial -- where 's you pill , walter ? walter find the vial , pop it , he chest heave and the pill spill on the floor . walter look wide - eye up at brandon , mouth " Big one . " brandon frantically loosen walter be shirt . a crowd gather . a businessman pull a cell phone , dial 911 . brandon hold on , walter we be get help ! oh my god. listen to I . walter -- walter . you be gonna be fine . hold on ! ( to the crowd ) we need a doctor ! be there a doctor ? walter brandon -- brandon save you strength . help 's come . help 's come . walter ... do you love I ? brandon of course I do . walter uh-huh . brandon I do . I really do love you . walter ... how much ? brandon a lot ! now do not talk . ( turn to the crowd ) we need a doctor ! several stunne onlooker run for help . walter fade fast . walter I believe you . I believe you love I . I love you too ... just one thing -- brandon save you strength , walter . walter ... would you love I if this be a joke ? brandon what ? walter I be fine . just practice ... walter smile . stands . brushes himself off . to the crowd -- walter I be okay ! Little gas . must have have too many peanut on the plane . the confuse onlooker drift away . brandon you sick fuck fuck ! that be too goddamn fuck far !!! walter you be not listen ! you be not pay attention to I ! there 's no such thing as too far ! push everything as far as you can ! push it until it start push back and then push some goddamn more ! remember that when you be with this guy today ! omit int . puerto rican mansion - day palatial . drape dance before the open door . Music play . brandon and walter sit in the live room . peaceful beat . walter I start to die , fuck the hospital , just sit I down , I wanna kack here . a beefy bodyguard enter follow by a tan , broad shoulder man of 50 . walter extend he hand . walter Mr. novian ! what can I say ? a honor . this be my associate , John Anthony . mr. novian nod , settles in a chair . walter and brandon sit . novian you should know I think that most sport service be a complete scam ... however , I hear you boy here 's have quite a season . what 's you system ? walter ( look around ) we system ? fuck that , what 's you system ? walter laugh . novian stone -face , glance at he watch when -- brandon it 's a privilege to meet you , Mr. novian . you have a beautiful home . let 's start with how much you bet . novian a million a game , across the board . brandon Nice round number , be that we ceiling here ? be that the most we be work with ? novian " we're " not do anything until I hear how you feel about this weekend . brandon do you rent that yacht out there ? novian I own it . brandon well , sir , that 's how I feel about this weekend . that may sound cocky , I do not care . I do not come down here to lie . novian do you have inside information ? brandon if I do I would not share that with you . my record speak for itself . the truth be I know this team better than they know themselves . I be go 12 for 12 this weekend , and that include the Monday night parlay . novian why should I believe you ? brandon with all due respect , Mr. novian , you can not afford not to . novian I can afford to do any damn thing I please . brandon can you ? what I be say be can you -- can anyone for that matter -- afford to lose as much as a man like you probably need to bet to feel a win ? win 's a funny thing , Mr. novian ... it 's one of that rare commodity on earth money can not buy . or be , until you call I . charge beat . a tight grin 's glue to walter be face . brandon the price be a quarter million , Mr. novian -- up - front -- in addition to a percentage of every game you win . novian fuck you . I never pay anything up front . brandon and we have never charge it before . but with what you be betting , 250 up front 's a bargain . you want this weekend 's winner , that 's my offer . take it or leave it . novian ( stand ) ... step outside . brandon and walter exchange look , unsure where this be go . ext . novian' balcony - day novian and brandon regard a group of girl loung topless by a pool . novian ... ever pick orange , Mr. Anthony ? brandon nope . novian I have , in fact it 's how I start . build character . see that girl down there ? pretend they be orange and pick some ripe one . take them upstairs and build some character . Mr. abram and I need to refine the term . brandon go to a ice- fill cooler by the door , pull a bottle of champagne , carry it drip down to the pool and -- int . brandon' office - day a football betting form fill frame . two column of team see . Point spread pencile in between they . 11 of 12 game check off . Monday night the last to be decide . pull back to show -- brandon in he office , the unfinish form before he . a young salesman appear at the door . young salesman they need it , Mr. Anthony . brandon pick up he pen , regards the box for Monday night -- Seattle or New Orleans ? the point spread be Seattle minus 3 . a box beside it be for the over / under . that number be 34 . brandon about to pick when he stop , look up , smile -- brandon Three question . what 's you mother 's name ? young salesman Shelia . brandon what street do you grow up on ? young salesman Atlantic Avenue . brandon who do you like Monday night ? young salesman I do not know . brandon pick one . young salesman that 's you job . brandon I will do you job tomorrow , today you do mine . young salesman what be you talk about ? brandon pick one . stop stalling . you know who 's play . Seattle versus New Orleans . young salesman ... I dunno . I guess I like Seattle give the two point . brandon ( write on the form ) over or under ? young salesman you can not do that . brandon sure I can ! over 34 point or under ! young salesman over ! brandon check it off , give he the finish form . young salesman I be not hand that in . like a million dollar be go on that game ! brandon like a lot more than that . relax . I think we know I can pick . today I be pick you . the outcome will be the same . young salesman what if I be wrong ? brandon do not they tell you ? there be no if . int . walter' office - night monday night football . final second of a hard - fight game . the Seattle quarterback be drive , complete a long pass to a receiver who 's bring down at the New Orleans 10 - yard line . walter they score , we win ! al michael / vo from tv -- kuhn 's stop at the 10 ! Seattle down by three . two second on the clock . kuhn suffer a concussion last week and with that foot injury in the first quarter he have no mobility -- hanratty drop back , he 's out of the pocket , break one tackle , throw downfield , it 's tip ! Raymond 's get it ! break the plane ! touch down ! Seattle take it 20 to 17 ! they win by three ! what a game ! the buzz in the bg explode as we see -- every employee be pack into walter be office . riot of celebration all around . walter 100 fuck percent ! Champagne cork start pop . someone hit the remote and the wall of screen fill with a jam MTV video . the light dim . people start dance . cell phone start ringing and -- various salesmen / into phone -- call back tomorrow ! -- who know who he like next week you fuck degenerate ! -- I do not have anything yet ! the young salesman who make the Monday night and over / under pick talk excitedly to southie and reggie . young salesman he kinda mesmerize I , see , and like spock or something I visualize Seattle and the over and he write it down ! Said pick I be the same as he do it . southie what kinda power be that ? reggie who fuck care ? he 's money . jerry syke stand nearby , listen . whoops of excitement as walter jump up on he desk , start throw cash . jerry move through the raucous crowd , find brandon against a wall , out of the fray , watch walter hurl money in the air . jerry congratulation , brandon ... or should I say John ? either way it 's amazing . I must say I be impressed . letting salesmen make you pick ? that 's ball . brandon ( watch walter hurl money ) best get in there and collect some of this , Jerry . the way you be pick , you be gonna need some for a rainy day . jerry keep talk , sugarmouth . must feel pretty good to be that plugge in . you get a good streak go . well enjoy it while it last . the gambling god be a fickle bunch , sooooo easily offended . brandon make he way through the room , reach walter . walter here , get you tooth fix . there might be some other business you can make two mill in one weekend , but tell I , someone please tell I -- where else be you gonna have this much fun ? brandon how much of that big stack 's mine ? walter a one with five zero behind it . brandon ...a 100 fuck thou ? on two million ? walter you be work out of my shop . brandon I be think of ten percent . walter really ? be that what you be think ? brandon I get you novian . walter Nice job , now do not blow it by get ahead of yourself . I be look beyond the money . brandon you can afford to , you be hold it all . c'mon , I only want what 's fair , walter . walter smile . wrap a arm around . put he in a headlock . walter " Fair ? " honey , you do not know what fair be . what 's fair be not give you the money . now I be only gonna say this once . if you want something from I more than a gazunheidt after a sneeze you have to do more than think about it . or ask for it . you gotta earn it . you gotta fight for it . you gotta rip it out of my fuck talon . John Anthony would know that . that 's what he would do . as a matter of fact , next time you come with that shit , come as John Anthony . ' Cause from now on I be not talk to you about money . brandon pull free . stun . seethe . MTV pound from the tvs , people dance all around . toni walk up . toni the big winner . how be you do ? brandon I be win ... I be win ... brandon leave . walter pull she close , move with the music . walter dance with I . Close , that 's it . I gotta dance with you more . listen , I be think of buy a plane . Big one . g-someth . we can just get on it and go , you and I , anywhere in the world , any time we want . there 's a house for sale in the Bahamas with a runway right beside it . come with its own 50 - foot boat . two for one . what a investment . anything happen , you and Jules always have it . let 's go down and check it out . next week , just we , barefoot in the sand . ( toni watch he ) well say something . toni ... be you gambling again , walter ? walter what ? oh , c'mon -- hell no . toni look I in the eye and say it . walter I be not gambling . not now , not ever . 18 year clean . that shit 's over . toni it 's never over , walter . you know that . walter get a lie detector if you do not believe I . shoot I with truth serum . baby -- we just make two -million dollar . I be work miracle here . now can I enjoy a dance with my wife ? huh ? I swear , it 's a shame you can not drink , we need something to kill that bug up you ass . toni smile . walter hold she close , kiss she and -- ext . brooklyn bridge - night brandon be mercede speed into the city . int . manhattan strip club - night Big breast , g-string , testosterone . brandon in a booth with a topless black girl . we can see from he move it 's the million dollar man talk . drink dom. flash cash . he whisper something to she . she reach for she top as he grab the hand of she topless friend and -- int . strip club - private back room - night darkness . a light go on , illuminate a cave- like bedroom . music from the club rumble through the space , reduce to a drive bass beat . the asian girl pull a outrageous wad of cash from brandon be pocket , toss it confetti-like in the air as -- brandon , the asian girl and the black girl fall on the gold lame sheet . clothes be peel off , money stick to they body , girl claw the cash from brandon be skin -- Black girl ( kissing he neck , hand rove ) what 's it feel like to do what you do ? to win like that ? brandon flip she over , lean in from behind . brandon it 's just like sex . you start by massage the number , very relaxed , get a feel , see how they move . then there 's a shift , a plan form and you connect to you team . ( the girl moan , reacting to something unseen ) Sunday 's like penetration and the game have start and team be scoring and you be inside and you be do it and it 's do you , feel every shift , every score , every trickle of sweat -- the give , take , the long , the short , excitement grow bigger and bigger -- ( brandon cupping she breast ) and it 's not a idea or part of you anymore -- it be you , all of you -- and the crowd 's roaring and the clock 's tick and you know everything except how it will end and and then you have win -- over and over and over and it 's like one , big , huge , insane , weekend - long orgasm . friend ( totally turn on , kissing he ) Nice job description . brandon press she below frame , naked asian girl climb on top as the sound of applause be hear , building in volume and -- int . brownstone salesroom - day 25 salesmen stand on they desk , clap , as brandon pass through on the way to he office . only it 's John Anthony who 's strutting through the room , high - five salesmen , kissing the girl , a tan , tailore , magnetic presence and -- int . brownstone - brandon' office - morning walter wait within , stand at the window overlook the sale room as brandon enter . walter know what time it be ? brandon ( glance at he watch ) yeah , it 's -- walter -- wrong . it 's time to press , my friend . we be yanking out all the stop . when you be win -- you press . brandon rummage a closet , produce a set of golf club . walter what be you do ? brandon I have a 10:30 tee time at wingfoot with a client , that howell guy . do not call I unless the line change . walter the salmon be run ! you be stay right here and field call . you be not go off to play golf and have fun . brandon fun ? senor , you have obviously never play wingfoot . walter stop screwing around , you get a lot to do before this weekend . brandon I be not ask you if I can leave , walter -- I be tell you that 's how it be , understand ? you want my pick , hell I will make them now . brandon sit , start fill out the week 's betting form . walter whoa -- hold on -- slow down -- today 's only Tuesday , you have all week . brandon I do not need it . walter hey -- we be gonna be advise somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 million dollar this week . brandon Nice neighborhood . walter you be really gonna make you pick now ? no study ? no analysis ? just like that ? brandon I be in the zone , walter . lock in . you want my pick , I might as well do it now ! Washington at Miami give 8 , Washington ! Saint Louis at K.C. get 12 -- K.C. by three touchdown ! Pittsburgh at Philly give 3 -- Philly , another blow out ! ( hand walter the finish form ) brandon co n'd there they be , unless you want next weekend 's pick too . you be welcome to join I , walter , it 's a beautiful track . walter ... okay , fine . take a break . go play golf . we will put the pick on ice and look them over tomorrow . brandon ( walk out ) I will not be in tomorrow . walter then the next day ! but brandon be go . walter consider what 's just occure , regards the finish betting form . he don he glass and begin examine brandon be pick and -- ext . outside the brownstone - day brandon load he golf club in the mercede , spy toni come down the front step . brandon where be you head ? toni some of we have to work . brandon come on , get in . I will give you a lift . angle on -- upper brownstone window . walter look down . watch toni be leg swing into brandon be sport car and -- int . moving mercede - day brandon speed fast down a street . uncomfortable beat . brandon some ride , huh ? feel that ? feel that ? toni slow down , brandon . brandon why ? this car be make to go fast . toni not with I in it . brandon c'mon , Toni , loosen up . ( goose the gas , laugh ) let I ask you something . when you be not at the shop , or run Julia to play date or keep walter from lose he mind , which I know be a full - time job , what do you do for you , Toni ? toni I stay busy . brandon that 's not what I ask . toni yes it be . brandon what do you do for you , Toni , for yourself . toni " what do I do for myself ? " if you drive past my salon and go two block down prospect Street you would have find I 20 year ago with a needle in my arm . I be a 5 - bag a day junkie . I would have sell Julia to get high . keeping it all on track , that 's what I do for myself . brandon that 's not live , Toni . that 's just maintain . you cashed in . toni what the hell do that mean ? be we talk perfection here ? brandon well , nobody 's perfect ... except I last weekend go 14 and 0 . brandon pull up outside she shop . toni regards he . toni yeah , that 's live . brandon Hell yeah . you oughta try it some time . toni ( step from the car ) thanks for the ride , John ... toni enter she shop and -- int . walter' office - day eight football game be wind down , another four start . favor one of the tv screen . a network sport update . CHRIS berman motor-m-mouth a one-minute list of result . CHRIS berman -- Big loss for Washington , go down 24 - 12 in Miami . Saint Louis upset K.C. , 34 - 14 . and another Sunday surprise , Philly trounce Pittsburgh , 23 - 10 . CHRIS berman continue with the score as -- a pencil run down brandon be betting sheet -- check off result -- loss -- loss -- loss -- loss -- loss -- the pencil pause -- suddenly snap from the pressure of the person 's hand and -- walter stare at brandon , seat on the sofa , watch the tvs . it 's obvious they be get kill . brandon I be gonna go work out . walter sit down ! you be watch every game ! every second of every minute of every game ! do not even think of leave ! int . walter' office - night all but one tv be dark . the last game end and a remote control suddenly shatter the screen . walter pace the office . brandon still on the sofa . no one else in the room . a wall clock read 12:19 am . walter pick up brandon be betting sheet , hold it like a dead fish . walter ... how do you go 3 and 11 ? wanna know how -- you make Sunday 's pick on Tuesday ! it rain in cincinatti ! two start qb do not play ! you be a handicapper , not a psychic ! brandon there 's still Monday night and the parlay . walter fuck Monday night ! fuck the parlay ! you be piss at I , right ? the commission thing ? brandon I do not know . walter you fuck with I , right ? joke 's on I , right ? the money thing . okay , I think we be on dangerous ground here but I be give you a bump , 10 percent . now what about Monday night 's game ? you want to look over that pick ? because everyone 's gonna double down to climb out of the fuck hole you put them in . brandon Monday night 's fine . walter you would bet you mother 's house on it ? brandon I do not bet . walter if you do ? brandon I like the pick , walter . walter on you mother 's house or not ? brandon with my mother in it . int . upper east side bar - night up-scale . brandon sit at the end of the rail , empty glass line before he , watch a wall tv with the sound off . Monday night football 's on . his glaze expression suggest it 's be a long three hour . patron around he socialize , laugh , enjoy the bar 's oasis-like vibe . but for brandon , it 's just he and the game as -- a girl approach , big smile . girl oh my God -- brandon ! brandon glance up , quickly go back to watch the game . girl oh come on , I know you remember -- two week ago , aqua -- I be Heather . brandon ( eye glue to the game ) uh-huh . Heather this be like such a concidence . I live right around the corner . this be my neighborhood bar . she sit beside he , signal the bartender . Heather Apple martini . ( back to brandon ) so listen , my office be rent out a loft this weekend , really fun group , it 's gonna be a big blow - out , a pr thing -- music , open bar . Wednesday night , I want you to come , I mean I would really love to hook up . Pov brandon -- flurry of action on the tv . final second . brandon laser on the screen . heather ( lean in , laugh ) Earth to brandon , you be blow it . the bartender step in front of the tv to deliver she drink -- brandon jump from he seat so he can see -- flurry of action on the screen -- the game end -- the final score flash and -- brandon ( pound the bar ) fuck ! heather take aback , pull away . brandon fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck !!! heather quickly leave . other patron react . brandon in he own world of pain . bartender eyeing he now . brandon throw down the rest of he drink , try to steady himself . his beeper suddenly sound . he look and -- walter' name scroll across the screen . brandon wipe the sweat from he brow . mind racing . try to understand . brandon 's cell phone ring . he check the number , pick up -- brandon denny ! hey -- yeah , I be in a bar .... of course in New York , I own this town . what 's go on -- you okay ?... tonight 's game ? you take my pick ? how much ?... all of it ? that be for you college you dumb ass ! denny , I give you one game -- goddamn it you should have tell I you be follow my pick ! ( pace the rail ) all right , listen . do Mom know ?... okay , good . do not say anything . I have get next weekend wire . I will win it all back for you and more . understand ? now I will call you Friday with who to take . it 's all gonna work out . I gotta go , talk to you later . brandon hang up . straighten . stride out of the bar and -- int . brandon' office - day brandon be a man absorb . the office be fill with sport page from every newspaper in the country . injury report . power rating . brandon study everything and -- quick cut -- a dozen rapid-fire kick - off fill the screen -- receiver catch pass , other drop they spectacularly -- running back brilliantly juke tackle , score -- quarterberk be slam from behind , stripped of the ball -- kick miss goal post by inch -- player be carry off on stretcher -- football sail through receiver be hand , they finger claw empty air -- scoreboard blink outcome , stadium light flare and -- ext . chelsea pier - manhattan - night similar light illuminate a drive range on the Hudson River . ext . drive range -- top tier - night brandon smack one to the 250 sign , about to hit another and -- walter helluva swing . great game . Sport of king , right ? or be that horse racing ? brandon what be you do here ? walter southie tell I where you be . brandon I have to get out . clear my head . ( tee one up ) well talk to I . how would we do ? walter you have not see the score ? brandon nope . that 's how I want it . just make the pick and get the result later . walter highest sale volume ever . take a guess . brandon I think we kick ass . walter it be amazing . brandon I tell you . last week be nothing . brandon smack a drive , watch it soar -- walter you be right , nothing compare to how much we lose today ! brandon ... what would I go ? walter I have a idea . I give you a few glimpsis of what happen here today and you take a stab . brandon just give I the number , walter . walter you do not like that game . too bad . woulda be fun . grown man cry on the phone . wive scream in the background . Three salespeople quit ' cause they could not take the pressure ! brandon fuck ! walter no . when you lose 10 out of 12 , fuck do not quite cover it . what would be more appropriate be something like " Holy Fucking shit ! " or " my Fucking God . " or " Jesus Fucking Christ ! " brandon enough . I get the idea , walter . walter you be right . I mean 2 for 12 on we biggest volume weekend -- what the hell 's leave to say ? except maybe keep the phone number and switch it over to a fuck suicide hotline ! brandon heft the golf bag , walk away . yelling after he -- walter tomorrow morning , brandon ! Bright and early ! we start in all over again ! no get off ! I be gonna ride you until you be more sick of I than lose ! turn it around and we avoid a lot of pain ! omit omit omit omit ext . brooklyn park - early morning gloomy fog . a few people head home from work . brandon riding he bike , pedale fast when a man suddenly step out , flash of something in he hand , jam it in the spoke and -- brandon wipe out , over the handlebar -- hard to the ground -- brandon Son of a bitch ... what the fuck -- bodyguard Mr. novian want to see you . now . brandon ( see a gun in he waistband ) ... tell he to call . bodyguard you tell he . brandon look , see novian nearby . novian I do not recognize you without the suit , John . brandon this be my time off . it 's how I clear my head . you want to talk , pick a time . novian or should I call you brandon ? someone cost you 18 mill , you do some research . I know more than you name , brandon . I know where you be from . where you family life . Hell , I just come from Vegas . you Mom , sweet lady ... deal I three blackjack in a row . ( step close ) where 's the cocky motherfucker who come to my house ? brandon I be leave . the bodyguard grab he arm . Iron grip . novian feel that ? I hate the cold . Winter 's come . Water 's get rough . brandon what the fuck be this about ? if you do not like my pick , use someone else . novian oh , I be not use you again . that 's already decide . and I can not get my money back . it 's go . no , I come for a apology . the bodyguard hold he tight . Light fade . no one around . novian look I in the eye and say you be sorry . say it so as to make I believe you mean it . cold gust . novian close the distance between they . brandon you fly to New York for -- novian -- that 's right . brandon ... I be sorry . novian I do not accept it . not good enough . try again . brandon I do not know what you want I to say . I be sorry . I be . I be very sorry . novian pathetic . brandon I be very , very sorry . that 's a lot of money . novian not even close . brandon I be sorry ! novian this be not go to work . I will have to get satisfaction somehow else . brandon look , I be not it -- I ... novian inch from brandon . unbutton he coat . sound of a zipper . brandon glance down , see novian reach into he fly . brandon jump . the bodyguard hold he . novian come close . brandon struggle , very unsure where this might be go and -- he squirm -- endure something -- trickle water hear -- novian stare right at brandon -- finish pissing on brandon be leg . novian motion he bodyguard to let go and the man walk off . brandon stand there . alone in the gloom and -- int . studio production set - night walter , brandon , jerry and chuck at the desk , wait for the weekly taping to start . walter jot note . jerry lean over . jerry I score you the new mike , walter . no wire to mess with . what do you think ? walter I be busy . jerry listen , I think I should lead off . I have some really strong stuff . walter you get a good hole , Jerry . stay in it . jerry c'mon , I go 8 for 12 last weekend . I be hot . I be feel it . walter do not respond , continue work . jerry fume . technician 60 second . jerry what be I , wood ? walter you get one good weekend under you belt , do not push it . jerry one weekend ? the syke system revolutionize this industry . ( pull a newspaper , show a full - page ad for JOHN ANTHONY ) explain something to I , where 's my fuck ad ? walter take a hike . jerry what ? walter you hear I . you be fire . Goodbye . jerry I be not fire , you need I more than ever . walter beat it , you cut-rate parasite ! jerry in six year my worst weekend be never as bad as any of he last three week ! walter get out ! you do not work for I anymore ! jerry what the hell be you do , walter ? c'mon , man -- it 's I , Jerry . this other guy come and go . walter ( point at brandon ) not this one ! that 's true talent ! I be fire you ass ' cause you do not see it and I can not explain it to you ! jerry think what you be fuck do ! walter I be ! you could not pick you fuck nose without a computer ! you be small ! you belong in a can ! show some self - respect ! it 's over , Jerry -- leave ! beat . brandon watch as jerry gather he thing , walk off . walter ... fuck he where he floss . asshole do not understand I be building a empire around you . finish the countdown , we get a big weekend to get to ! let 's go , chop chop ! int . brandon' bedroom - night a budweiser commercial fill frame -- pull back to show -- brandon in bed , under the cover , peek at the tv over a remote . the sport wrap - up come on , score flash on the screen . no clue how he do until he phone ring . then he cell vibrate . brandon get out of bed . fully dress . bury the phone under the mattress . he turn off the cell , but within second it start vibrate again . brandon sink into a corner . knock at the door . brandon do not move . another knock and -- intercut -- toni in the hall , talk through the door toni it 's I , brandon . can I come in ? brandon no . it 's not a good time . what do you need ? toni I need to talk to you , it 's important . brandon lose , do not answer . toni you need to get out , brandon . you need to go . brandon I gotta pick a winner be what I gotta do . I gotta get back on track . toni it will not matter . you could go 100 - and - 0 and it will not be enough -- it will never be enough . he will ride you into the ground . brandon I gotta figure this out . toni please , brandon . brandon I will figure it out ... toni lean she head against the door , exasperate , spend and -- ext . upper east side - manhattan - night brandon , suit and tie , stand in the lobby of a apartment high - rise , speak on a house phone . a unsmile doorman watch nearby . brandon voiceover Alex , it 's brandon . hey , it 's be awhile but I never get you number that night . I be in the neighborhood so I think I would take a chance and stop by . int . luxury high -rise apartment build - lobby - night the doorman stand at the entrance , watch brandon wait . alex appear , beautiful as the night brandon pick she up in the restaurant . her demeanor , however , be far from friendly as she exit the elevator . brandon man , you get a doberman for a doorman . alex what be you do here ? brandon I come by to take you out for a late dinner and a couple of killer bottle of wine . c'mon . we will go back to that place where we meet . alex be you out of you fuck mind ? ( step close for emphasis ) I live in this building , asshole . it 's home . I do not like creep come around unannounced . lurk around outside . brandon what the hell 's get into you ? what about that night ? alex let I make this real clear so this shit do not happen again . you mean nothing to I . oh wait , I take that back -- you mean 5000 buck . you friend set it up . ( already head back inside ) do not fuck bother I again . ext . manhattan - dawn pale sunrise over the East River . int . sale room - dawn brandon , suit and tie , walk through the silent , empty room . int . brandon' office - dawn brandon sit at he desk . stare out at the city . his phone ring . again . again . finally press speaker phone -- brandon hello . intercut - amir in payphone beside n.j. Turnpike - dawn amir ( dishevel , distraught ) I be wipe out , John ... brandon amir ? amir my business ... my house ... my credit ... brandon no , now listen to I -- we get a big weekend come up , buddy -- amir still you talk like this . who the fuck be you , like this be some kind of game . I be betting a few thousand a Sunday when I call you . you push I . every call . all the time with you talk ... I lose $ 380,000 this weekend ... I be go to get marry ... I have a life ... brandon stare at the phone , barely hold it together , see tammy stand there -- hold the day 's newspaper , hearing the conversation on speaker . amir no word now , huh ? no more money to squeeze so you shut up . how do you fuck live with yourself ? click . amir hang up . crush beat . tammy stare at he . brandon what ? ( face harden ) fuck he if he can not take a joke . tammy put the day 's newspaper on he desk , leave . brandon glance down , something catch he eye . brandon pull a newspaper from the pile -- find himself stare at a full - page ad for JOHN ANTHONY . Big smile . copy advertising " the million dollar man ! " and -- int . brandon' apartment - early morning brandon pace the dim space . sit on the bench press . leans back on the board . he stare up at the weight . move the weight pin to 250 ... and slowly start to lift . one rep . two . Three . four . a bad of sweat form . brandon throw off the jacket . pull off the tie . remove he shirt and shoe . he resume lift , grim determination -- the weight rise over and over and over -- faster and faster and -- int . walter' apartment - morning brandon , t-shirt and sweat , approach walter be office , burst through the door -- brandon I know what the problem be ! brandon freeze . walter watch two men unload stack of money from a briefcase , pile they on he desk . brandon I will come back later . walter no! c'mon in . we be do here . right fella ? all through ? you want a bite before you go ? something to drink ? the two men leave . walter light a cigarette . brandon who be they ? walter we need a bat light or something , you know a signal I can shoot up at the walter co n'd cloud and no matter where you be you can look up and you will know I need you . maybe that would work . ' Cause last night I must have beep you a hundred time . brandon who be they ? walter they be from the salvation Army . how the hell do someone go 1 - for - 8 ? a fuck monkey toss dart could do better ! brandon what 's with the money , walter ? walter 1 - for-fuck - 8! ( come around the desk ) I have a plan . from now on we take you pick and reverse everything ! like a twilight Zone episode where everything 's the opposite ! you say black we go white ! a be b! lose become win ! brandon ( stare at the pile of cash ) how much be that ? walter ( sweeping the pile to the floor ) how much be what ? oh , that -- 275,000 dollar ! brandon what happen to the two mill , all the other money ? walter I be carry twice that in red ink before you show up . the last few week I think keep the pressure off . he will come around . climb out on he own . now I figure fuck it ! time to turn on the light ! let he see the toilet he 's drown we all in ! maybe that will shake he up ! so what do you want to know ? I get three mortgage on this house , I be gambling again and to cover my loss I just get a loan from a guy who work out of a bar on a 106th and Broadway ! all this -- everything you see around you -- be smoke and mirror ! I shoulda be a magician ! walter con 'd ... what would you say when you come in ? you be in a good mood when you walk through the door and you say something . brandon you be betting my pick ? walter you go 82 and 11 ! you be pick 80 percent -- how could I fuck not !? trouble be I bet heavy after you go a hundred percent and ride you right into the fuck toilet ! one decent weekend and I would have be set for life ! one decent weekend ! brandon stare at he , stunne . walter " I know what the problem be ! " that 's it ! you come in with a big smile and say , " I know what the problem be ! " brandon ... I be brandon lang , walter . brandon 's the one who play sport . brandon 's the one who can pick game . I lose touch with he -- myself . it be not a act , man . I become John Anthony . but he 's not I . if I go back to be brandon -- walter -- you can pick again ! of course ! all you gotta do be go back to be brandon ! talk like brandon ! eat like brandon ! forget John Anthony ! burn the suit ! it 's all my fault . I see that now . I push you into something you be not . I take the golden goose and try to turn it into a duck . we be wind down the season . there 's only two game this weekend . two winner and two over / under . that 's all we need . you crunch the number , sprinkle in a little brandon magic , we get the sale people burn up the phone and come Monday we go four for four go into the big game ! right ? huh ? let 's get something to eat ! go to Smith and wo 's ! brandon no thanks . I will stay here . eat light . walter ( kneel down , stack the cash ) the brandon thing ! what be I think try to get you to go out ? what would brandon eat for lunch ? peanut butter and jelly ? ramen noodle ? what ? brandon ( on the floor , help he ) I will get something . walter you want anything ship from home ? you bed ? clothes ? porno collection ? brandon no , I be fine . walter blow job ? brandon thanks anyway . maybe later ... walter because it 's important . brandon pressure do not help . walter God forgive I , you be a artist . I fuck with that . two little winner and a couple of over / under . that 's all we need . you could phone it in . two 's nothing . not for you . not for brandon . right , brandon ? be not that right ? brandon stand . look down at walter , unable to hide the desperation behind he freeze smile and -- montage of brandon working through the week -- brandon close the blind in he office , block the view -- brandon work out , watch espn -- the sale staff sit idle at they desk , play card -- a pick sheet fill frame , show New York versus Atlanta , tenessee versus Kansas City and a over / under beneath each game -- walter wait in the sale room , edgy , pace when brandon emerge hold the sheet -- all eye on he -- walter approach -- walter this be the winner ? brandon that 's who I like . walter brandon make this pick ? brandon you be look at he . walter ( regard the pick , to the room ) New York and the under , tenessee and the under ! sell them hard ! int . walter' office - day sale staff crowd into the room . walter and brandon sit side - by-side . second before kickoff of the New York / Atlanta game . julia climb into walter be lap , hold she puppy . Julia can I watch , daddy ? walter sure , angel . I need you to root for I . ( point at atlanta ) they be the bad guy . Atlanta . we want the blue team . New York . they have to win by more than five point . and root for a low score . both team have to make less than 42 point total . New York and under 42 point . julia why do we like the blue team ? walter because brandon like they . julia look at brandon , smile . brandon be barely hold up here , force himself to find a smile in return . the tv fill frame . New York kick off . a Atlanta receiver take it back for a 60 yard return . we start cut from the game to brandon , to walter , the salespeople , julia , all reacting as the betting god raise hope one play , dash they the next . play after play . tide go for New York one minute , Atlanta the next . tension in the room building . everyone crowd the tvs as New York defend a 10 point lead with a minute leave . 37 point on the board . only a Atlanta td can lose the two bet and they be 80 yard from scoring . a few high fives as Atlanta fumble on a run , recover the ball for a five yard loss . back up to they own end zone . two play leave . walter excited , thing go they way and -- brandon start to breath again and -- Atlanta try a final hail mary , ball come down into a crowd -- time run out as a New York player swat it and a Atlanta receiver pull it down -- run hard -- open to the end zone -- the room freeze -- a New York player grab hold -- try to bring he the bastard down but the Atlanta runner be strong and just make it in for the score -- game over -- and Atlanta have not win but they have kill the point spread and push the game over -- nobody speak -- the second game come on right on the heel of the first and now Tennessee be kick off to Kansas City and we're on the roller coaster all over again -- sale people start drift from the room and they have push they client huge on this game and they cell phone be ringing and walter be just stare at the screen and brandon be die and -- dissolve to int . walter' office - later - night walter and brandon alone in the room . sound of the announcers as Atlanta get trounce by Denver . not even close . well over 42 total point score . the game end . all four bet lose . a commercial come on . horrible stillness . brandon ... I be finish . I be do . walter that 's great . brandon I can not do this anymore , walter . I can not sleep at night . I can not eat . walter you be not gonna sit there and tell I you be end this because you have a little indigestion or some insomnia . brandon it 's a lot more than that . walter I make it very clear before we start what the stake be . brandon walter , it 's over . what use could John Anthony be to you now ? only a idiot would follow he after the streak I have be on . walter wrong ! hot streak go cold , cold streak go hot . bettor will climb back aboard . walter con'd they know you ! and when you luck turn they will remember you go 80 percent for half the season ! we will make it all back on the last game and by next year they will forget everything . brandon who say anything about next year ? walter Sports betting 's year-round . brandon I be not do this next year . walter you make a career choice ! I bankrol it ! toni vo let he go , walter . walter and brandon turn , see toni at the door . walter of course you stick up for he ! toni meaning what ? walter who 's side be you on ? toni I do not realize I have to choose . walter ( to brandon ) look , you get a magnificent gift . own that . so you strike out sometimes , big deal , you be swinging for the fence . you be a champion , brandon . a champion go down 186 time but get up 187 . I be not let you stay down . this be not about you or I or Toni , this transcend that -- this be metaphysical , this be cosmic , this be eternal -- this be God ... besides , we have a contract . brandon bullshit ! toni you can not own someone , walter . walter I create the hot sport tout this country 's ever see ! I plugge he , take out full page ad , build a show around he , hook he up with every major client I have and I will be goddamn if he 's go to walk out the door and take all that with he ! why the hell be I even explain this to you ! this be between I and he ! get out ! brandon do not talk to she like that . walter I need you to tell I how to talk to my wife ? when I be talk you will shut you fuck toilet ! toni ( to brandon ) leave . int . walter and toni be apartment - night brandon come down the hall . toni and walter hear yell through the office door . brandon hesitates , walk out and -- int . brandon' bedroom - night dim darkness . a distant siren bleed in as -- walter' voice brandon ... brandon . brandon' Pov . his eye open . walter be face fill frame . walter wake up . brandon what time be it ? walter five in the morning . listen , I gotta fly to Vegas to meet with some client . Hand hold thing . keep them on board for the final game . because you can do this thing , brandon . end of the season 's the perfect place to turn this streak around . I will be back to you out to dinner . get you back in the groove . 9:30 . nobu. gotta catch my flight . see you tonight . look sharp . we be turn it around . walter back out , kill the light . darkness return and -- int . nobu - night brandon alone at a table , sip a sake when toni , evening dress , sit next to he . brandon hey , I do not know you be come . toni walter be delay , he 's come back in the morning . ask if I would fill in . brandon ( processing this ) that 's funny , he do not call I . you look great . toni silent . brandon you okay ? toni Julia do she ballet recital today . God she be beautiful . brandon she be . toni ... he 's betting again . brandon regards she . toni I can not believe I be here again . I see it come . I just ... I just could not stop it . brandon nobody could . toni he will not stop on he own . he can not . brandon I gotta win one more game . toni you can not fix this , brandon . brandon after Sunday 's game I be take off ... ext . brownstone step - night a cab pull up . brandon and toni emerge . brandon look around as they start up the step . both reach for they key , regard one another . brandon it 's still early . come in for a while . toni I do not think so . she lean in to kiss he on the cheek and -- brandon suddenly shift . they lip meet . a casual goodbye suddenly grow in intensity as neither try to part . second tick by . thing get heat . toni try to pull away . toni brandon -- brandon come close , whisper something . he unlock the door . she hesitates before brandon take she hand , lead she into he dark apartment and -- ext . brooklyn bridge - same time a cold wind blow off the river . whip through the cable of the span . a match flare . walter be face be light briefly by the flame . he stand on the bridge walkway , look down at the brownstone and -- dissolve to ext . walter and toni be apartment - day Gray , winter day . View of a snow - cover window sill -- int . walter and toni be apartment - day walter' face fill a shaky home video viewfinder , video come close to show walter open a book -size present -- remove a beautifully frame photo of toni and julia . walter look at that . with the leave and all . this go on my desk . Quick pan to toni -- sit near the fireplace , fire blaze . toni happy anniversary . knock at the door -- julia vo I will get it . julia hand the camera to walter . video camera view of julia and the puppy run to the door , open it and -- julia brandon ! brandon hey darlin' . walter vo there he be . c'mon in . we be have a little celebration . Toni and I be marry 12 year ago today . brandon congratulation , I do not know . walter vo sit down . I want you to be part of this . okay angel , give mommy my gift . walter aim the camera as julia hand toni a small gift box . toni open it , reveal a set of very expensive earring . Toni walter ... walter vo relax , I have some save . put them on , lemme see . toni put the earring on . walter vo beautiful . God I get good taste . toni stare into the camera as walter pan to brandon -- walter vo I see something else , I could not help myself . here , brandon -- for you . walter hand brandon a small black case . brandon unsure , look at toni , open it -- produce a very expensive watch . walter vo it 's a chopard . design for car racing . guy win six time at leman wear it . put it on , maybe you will start win . brandon I can not take this . walter vo why not ? brandon it 's too much . walter vo for what ? you be family , brandon . we all love each other , right ? I be like a father , you be like my son -- gee , sorry Toni , but I guess that make you he mother . walter pan to toni , stare at the fire . strain silence . walter vo what ? somebody fart or something ? toni start take off the earring . walter vo leave them on . toni they be for evening . walter vo good , wear them to bed tonight . ( video camera back on brandon ) who do you think will win the big game ? brandon turn it off . walter / still taping better yet , do not say anything . surprise I . we will break it when we do the live show . take you time , brandon . enjoy yourself . give walter a smile . walter zoom in -- brandon stare back at we and -- ext . time square news stand - day brandon load up on newspaper and sport magazine and -- int . brandon' apartment - day brandon surround by a sea of sport page , comentary , rating . he look up at a blaring tv and -- the tv fill frame -- time CUT as various sport show come on back - to-back -- each provide a wealth of compete superbowl prediction and analysis . camera tightens on the screen and we see , for every hop -up sportscaster who pick Denver , a equally assure counterpart choose New York . one after another . no consensus at all . airwave awash in past-season stat -- regular season stat -- post -season stat -- all of it blend into a overwhelming , mind -numbing , jarring blather of pure disagreement and -- int . tv production studio bathroom - night brandon , suit and tie , splashes water on he face , stare at himself in the mirror . he pull ream of stat and newspaper report from he pocket , regards the superbowl pick sheet . blank space for the winner . blank space for the over / under . brandon fumble with he sheet of data , desperately search for a answer when he suddenly hurl it all in the trash . kick the can . kick it again . technician voice 60 second till we go live , Mr. Anthony ! brandon look over . the unfinish pick sheet lie crumpled by the toilet . he smooth it . pull a coin . brandon head , New York . tail Denver . he flip the coin . palm it . head . brandon check the box . brandon head , over . tail , under . brandon flip again , let the coin hit the floor , watch it spin , slowly come to a stop , drop to its side and -- int . tv production studio - night brandon sit at the set . look over at chuck , in he own world , work something from he tooth . brandon slide the pick sheet to walter . technician ten second ! brandon wanna know about the pick ? walter New York minus the two-and -a-half point and the over , what should I know ? brandon I flip a coin to decide . technician five , four , three , two , one -- walter hello everybody and welcome to the big weekend ! John Anthony 's just give I tremendous news about he assessment ! let I say to all of you who have use we service and that of you think of use it for the first time -- never before in the history of this industry have a offer be make like the one I be about to present to you now ! I be so confident of John Anthony 's pick for this Sunday , so sure of the skill he 's bring to bear and so anxious to get you on the phone and dial the toll free number on you screen that for the first time in sport service history I will guarantee we pick this weekend ! what 's that mean ? tell we how much you be betting with you bookie . you lose , we cover ! that 's right ! Risk free ! lock of the millenium ! now let 's go to the oracle , God 's gift -- John Anthony ! brandon be face fill the monitor . completely off-guard . brandon ... wow . what a offer . the phone will be flood . walter we be that sure ! John , rundown the pitfall face the average bettor . I mean a game this huge , all the add dynamics , without you expertise most bettor might as well just ... flip a coin , be I right ? brandon ( tapping into it ) that 's right , walter ! last game of the year lady and gentleman ! come Sunday you be either end the season a winner or a loser ! it 's crunch time ! the last action on the way out the door ! and I be absolutely , 1000 - percent sure that I , John Anthony , will end the season ahead of the game ! ext . tv production studio - night the studio door open . walter exit . brandon right beside . brandon you can not guarantee they will win ! it 's insane ! walter you think ? well I say if you can flip a coin to pick , I can guarantee the game ! brandon what if you lose ? walter fuck it , I be ruin anyway . brandon at least cap it out ! walter ( turn to he ) can not you feel it , brandon ? brandon I do not know what you be talk about . walter I think you do . the best part of the best drug in the world be not the high . the best part be the time just before you take it ! the dice be dance on the table . between now when they stop -- that 's the great high in the world ! int . sale office - day mayhem . loud and crowded . they can not answer the phone fast enough . a big screen tv be set up in front . the superbowl pre-game show be see come to a end . salesmen machine - gun last minute call . scribble like mad . southie win , we get a piece ! lose , we cover ! it be not rocket science ! take New York minus two and the over ! 42 point ! it 's a iron-clad lock ! how much you betting with you book ? herbie we reputation 's the guarantee ! 28 year in the business , we be not go anywhere ! Bet this game big ! ( yell toward the window ) can we please get some air in here ! int . brandon' office - day brandon , suit and tie , look through the glass at the feed frenzy . he close the blind . go to the closet . hang up he jacket . remove he tie and -- int . sale office - night kick -off be second away . walter and the sale staff gather around the set , turn up the sound . 1st tv announcer New York win the toss and elect to receive . 2 nd announcer some bettor somewhere just make some money . walter that 's it ! no more call ! kill the phone ! kill them now -- right now ! the ringing stop . all eye on game as the two team line up for kick - off . walter before the tv . laugh with salesmen . int . brandon be office - same time - night toni alone . View across the hall into the office . brandon enter , wear he unlv jacket and fade jeans . toni ( to brandon , be : walter ) look at he . Dead man walk , should be get last rite . hour away from lose everything , but walter -- he 's have the time of he life . brandon maybe he think he already do lose everything . wall of tvs , the ball 's kick and the game begin -- the salesroom explode in cheer after a good play -- player collide -- a fumble bounce across the field -- salesmen clamber atop desk for a better view -- walter in agony after a interception , a moment later elate when a flag bring the play back -- the score board fill frame , New York trail 14 / 7 at the half and -- pull back to show -- the tension level in the room be suddenly suspend . we be in the eye of the storm . walter like a fighter between round . brandon appear . walter hold onto that coin you flip . game keep up like this I will have to borrow it . brandon it 's not over yet , walter . I would not change my bet . int . brandon' bedroom - night brandon pack thing into a duffel bag . the superbowl 's on tv . the sound 's off . play 's resume . brandon remove the watch . set it on a nightstand beside a envelope and the mercede key . pick up a plane ticket and -- ext . brownstone - night brandon come down the step , carry he bag , dress the same as the day he come . brandon start down the sidewalk . flag a cab . it stop . he open the door , about to get in when a cheer from the sale room make he look up and -- Pov brandon -- toni look down from a window . frozen beat . she turn away . brandon climb in the cab , drive off and -- int . sale office - night fourth quarter . superbowl blaring from the tv. New York 's drive . Minutes leave . the sale staff be scream at the set , climb over each other to get a better view and New York suddenly score and the room erupt and walter be right in the middle of it , look around -- walter where the hell 's brandon ? int . brandon' apartment - night the door 's ajar . walter rush in . walter you be miss the game ! we be back in it ! a New York touchdown and we win both bet ! walter walk back to the bedroom . the tv 's on . walter pause to watch another play , about to leave when he spy the rolex on the nightstand , envelope beside it . walter pick up the letter . see he name on the outside . he open it , read . toni appear in the bg . walter turn . walter ... he leave . toni I know . walter and you do not you tell I ? toni he ask I not to . walter just like that ? no goodbye ? toni I be sure it 's in the letter . walter I be sure it be ... I wonder what 's not in here ? toni what do you mean ? walter what do you mean , what do I mean ? when it come to brandon you seem to have all the answer . toni he have enough . he want he life back . walter he say that to you ? toni yeah , loud and clear , by leave . walter I think it 's something else . toni yeah , tell I . walter you know . toni no . on -- the tv. New York 's drive . game reach a head . a clock in the corner count down the final two minute . walter you have no idea , huh ? toni you be miss the game . walter no I be not . this be the game . int . JFK airline terminal - night brandon travel down a escalator and -- int . brandon' bedroom - night toni at the door . walter approach . walter something be bother he . I mean sure , maybe he be homesick . or I be think maybe he have such , you know , deep feeling for I he could not face say goodbye . what a minute . I just think of something . just come to I . out of the blue . what about this ? maybe brandon leave without tell I because -- ( full volume , in she face ) you let he fuck you ! on -- tv . a New York receiver catch a long bomb . naile at the 20 . clock down to a minute 30 . no time to huddle and -- walter do you deny it ? toni do I have to ? walter I know you do ! toni really ? another " lock of the year ? " walter I see you , Toni ! I see you go into he room that night ! this room ! with he ! I never go to Vegas ! int . JFK airline terminal - night brandon walk through frame . passengers rush for flight and -- int . brandon' bedroom - night toni and walter in the middle of it -- toni you mean you lie to I about the trip ! walter do not talk to I about lie ! toni I guess you have the whole thing plan ? walter do not make this about I ! toni put I out there on a tray ! walter yeah , I put the tray out there -- but you do not have to shove a apple in you mouth and jump on it ! on he ! on -- New York throw a pass . blocked . 45 second leave -- walter admit it ! toni you play I ! walter you be damn right I do ! toni ... brandon be right . Son of a bitch ! walter you do not deny it ! toni best pick he ever make . walter what the hell be you talk about ? int . JFK airport bar - night passengers watch the superbowl on a tv over the bar . final second . brandon appear . stands outside . crowd of people around the set , it look like the last play and -- int . brandon' bedroom - night toni before walter . inch away -- toni you be gambling with I that night , walter . brandon know it . knew you . he tell I he be sure you be watch somehow . so he ask I in to spend the night , put on a show . I do not believe he -- I mean after all we have be through -- but I figure what the hell . Toni co n'd he slip out the back , toni con ' D do not even stay here . and you ... you be in such a good mood the next day . I figure he must have be wrong . otherwise why would not you confront we ? confront I ? close on -- tv. last play . no time leave . the New York quarterback drop back , about to be sack , start to run -- int . salesroom - night the room 's at fever pitch , everyone scream at the tv and -- int . brandon' bedroom - night walter still as a statue . game in the bg . toni roll -- toni and now I find out you have be think ever since then that we do sleep together ? live with it like that ? look at I like that ? you sick fuck ! you want to lose ! you set we up ! like I be something you just toss on the table ! only we book you bet , walter ! brandon and I . the two of we , who evidentally love you more than you love yourself . you fantasy 's to end up alone with nothing ! well I will not let that happen to you ! understand ? I will never let that happen ! this be it ! we be all we have , walter ! all we be ever gonna have ! you and I , we be all that 's real ! walter stand there , stare at she . tear stream down he face and -- int . JFK airport bar - night camera on the tv . blare the game . bar go crazy as the New York quarterback run for the end zone . juking linemen . dodging tackle . near the goal . a last - second block clear a lane and the quarterback barrel by , dive -- a hit -- a fumble on the goal line -- a beat -- a replay -- a referee signal a touchdown -- and the game 's over -- and New York have win , but more importantly they have cover the spread and -- brandon walk down the corridor , he cell ring . answer -- brandon it 's I . brandon' dad hello , brandon ? brandon hey , hey the big winner . what 's go on ? brandon' dad nothing much ... the usual . brandon c'mon , I know it 's rough , it 's suppose to be . a friend turn I on to the place . she say it 's the best . brandon' dad where be you head ? brandon I do not know , but I get a airport full of plane to choose from . brandon' dad do you mom know I be in rehab ? brandon yeah , I tell she . brandon' dad great pick on New York . it 's like I always say , you do not bet quarterback and receiver -- brandon ( finish he word ) -- you bet the offensive line . I remember . that 's exactly what I be think about , pop . brandon' dad ( excitement creep in ) no kid ! wow . helluva game , huh ? Boy , that open drive be a beaut , the way they drive like that , six first downs -- you shoulda see I , brandon -- I be scream at the tv ... brandon smile as he listen to he dad talk . the loud sound of a jet take off fill the terminal as brandon walk down the corridor and -- dissolve to ext . elementary school playground - day a dozen 9 - year - old pee - wee football player , barely able to move in over - size gear , be line for practice . brandon , coach 's whistle , face they . brandon we be up against a tough team today , toughest on we schedule . but you be ready for it . you be prepare . most important I want you to go out there and have some fun . enjoy yourselves . keep it loose . because you can not make I any more proud of you than I already be . team cheer , bring it in -- the kide gather close , thrust they hand in the center -- thunderbird ! brandon go get them ! the kide scramble across the field , other team see suite and ready . parent on the sideline . one of brandon be tiny teammate hang back , approach brandon . teammate you really think we can win today , coach ? brandon ... I would bet on it . brandon drape a arm over the kid , walk he to the game -- camera lift higher -- and higher -- and that 's it . fade out the end