episode # : 220 jos '' two for the Road '' written by Elizabeth sarnoff & Christina M. Kim directed by Paul Edwards final production draft April 3 , 2006 lost '' two for the Road '' # 220 teaser ext . jungle - night 1 we smash right back in on -- michael . in the flesh and look like death warm over . he lie unconscious on the jungle floor as a concerned kate illuminate he batter and scraggly face with a torch -- kate Michael . Michael . no response -- he eye stay close , he condition worsen by the second . kate look to jack . kate ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with he ? but Jack 's attention be on the treeline . his mind 's be racing since the moment Michael appear , fully amped . he scan for sign of movement . reaches for he gun -- not about to be satisfied until he get what he come here for -- quality face time with the other . kate 's totally focus on Michael -- kate ( cont 'd ) Jack ! but Jack 's still look out at the jungle -- jack maybe they let he go ... kate let he go ? -- he 's alone ... jack we do not know that . kate I know he 's sick -- and I know he 's be go two week -- stop look for ( fuck ) they !! Jack turn , look at she . kate 's still piss , but she 's focus on Michael 's unconscious form as -- ( continued ) continued : 1 kate ( cont 'd ) they do not just push he out of the jungle , Jack -- and as much as Jack have like to get down to business with the other right now , as much as he hate be turn around again ? he know kate 's right . kate ( cont 'd ) -- he 's alone ! Jack holster he gun , walk back over to they . kate scuffles aside as Jack lean over Michael , check he pulse -- he breath . a beat , then -- jack c’mon , let 's go . and yeah -- we do detect a hint of defeat in Jack 's voice there . but he 's already throw Michael over he shoulder in a fireman 's carry and walking off . and off kate as after a beat , she follows -- int . hatch - kitchen - night 2 it 's dark . the sparse light lend a moody , almost creepy glow . find ana lucia . chop a mango and put it ina bowl . as she lick the juice off she finger , she glance into the bedroom to see : locke . asleep . lying on he side of the bottom bunk , he back to she . his crutch lean up beside the bed . she turn away , grab the bowl and head to -- int . hatch - armory - night 3 the armory door slide OPEN . Ana Lucia enter , carry in the BOWL of fruit , look to : henry . he 's exhaust , weak , beaten . he sit on he cot , hand tie together in front of he , foot bound , stare blankly at the wall . this be a man who have clearly give up . a bowl of now old fruit sit a few foot from he . ana lucia hey , Henry , whad 's dya say ? ( no response ) just the usual nothing , huh ? ( more ) ( continued ) 3 continued : 3 ana lucia ( cont 'd ) ( point to the bowl ) how long you gonna keep up the hunger strike , man ? a silent beat . nothing from henry . not even a flicker from he eye . Ana Lucia decide to do the talk -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) I ever tell you I be a cop ? ( no response ) y ’‘know , I have be around a lot of killer . ( Henry remain silent ) and you know what surprise I about ‘em ? how much they like to talk . Ana Lucia go to take the bowl of old fruit , replace it with the fresh mango -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) ( look at he ) but I guess you be different , huh , Henry ? quiet. ( beat ) well do not tell anyone , but that 's just the way I like you . and then -- Henry mumble something . it 's barely audible , but it 's the first sound he 's make in day . Ana stop with the fruit . look at he -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) what be that ? Henry mumble again . Ana Lucia leans in closer -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) if you be gonna say something , you be gonna have to -- and before she can fuck process anything , Henry 's swing he tied hand up _and smashes the porcelain food BOWL right into the side of her fucking head ! smaaassshhh . craaacckk . porcelain piece shatter and halo off she hairline . Ana Lucia fall back , stunne . Henry 's eye be fierce as he seize the moment and lunge toward she , grabbing she neck between he bare hand -- that 's right . he’s gonna strangle her . he hiss , intense -- ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 3 henry you make I sick . Ana 's eye go wide -- she try to fight back , but she 's daze from the blow and lack of oxygen -- Henry know he 's get the advantage . and despite what he 's do , he be oddly calm . and that ? be fuck disturbing -- henry ( cont ’d ) you kill two of we . good people who be leave you alone and you murder they . Ana Lucia know this be go bad . she gather she remain strength , and knee henry right in the groin . and you know what ? it do not stop he for a second . his grip tightens on she neck and he slam her up against the wall . and as she head bang against the concrete it hit she all at once : she 's go to fuck die here -- henry ( cont ’d ) you be the killer , Ana Lucia . you be the killer . Ana Lucia teeter on the brink of consciousness , she body beginning to go limp when -- thwack ! Henry collapse in a heap . as he fall , we -- rack focus and find -- locke . holding the crutch he use to smash henry over the head . he look to Ana Lucia , gasping for AIR -- locke guess he decide to start talk , huh ? off ana lucia as she look to a now unconscious henry -- not as shook up by the fact that he just try to kill she ... as _ by what he fuck say . end teaser act one ext . police station - rooftop - day - flashback ( 2003 ) 4 a rooftop garage full of lapd car with a impressive view of the LA skyline . a lapd squad car pull up . Ana Lucia get out , head for the station entrance . voice ( 0.s. ) you look tired . that 's when she see she captain , teresa cortez , wait for she . and Captain cortez ? she also happen to be Ana Lucia 's mother . Ana be instantly awkward , but crack a wise - ass smile to cover -- ana lucia yeah , thanks . cortez do not smile . just study she daughter -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) what ? cortez where be you last night ? Ana Lucia make a calculate effort not to make eye contact -- ana lucia Home . cortez all night ? ana lucia yeah . I make myself some dinner , watch tv. excite . cortez what have you watch ? ana lucia some reality show . cortez ana lucia which -- ? -- a stupid one . on cortez . she 's have enough . ( continued ) continued : 4 cortez look at I , Ana . and Ana Lucia doe look at she . a long beat as cortez study she . not like a mother ... but like a cop . then -- cortez ( cont ’d ) let 's go for a drive . that be not a request . it be a order . and off ana lucia -- int . morgue - day - flashback 5 schthunk ! a steel metal handle slam down -- a shiny stainless steel door be pulled OPEN and a metal slab be pulled out of the drawer . on it -- a sheet covering what be clearly a dead body . yeah . we be in_a fuck morgue . cortez stand over the body , Ana Lucia right next to she . intentionally avert she eye as cortez pull back the sheet . the dead guy be a young , white man . his chest be riddled with gunshot wound . if you be a loyal viewer , you recognize this guy as jason -- the man Ana Lucia shot in '' collision . '' if you be not , cortez be about to explain it to you ... cortez found he in a parking lot just after three in the morning . he be dead a hour before anyone see he . on ana lucia . she blink . maybe a shred of ... guilt ? cortez ( cont ’d ) crime scene pull the gun from a dumpster . registration file off . no print . no witness . ( beat ) he be execute . Ana finally look up to see she mother look right at she . and it 's with a completely straight face that she say -- ana lucia any idea who do it ? a beat . another beat . cortez 's eye unblinking . finally -- cortez yeah , Ana . you do it . ( continued ) 5 continued : 5 Ana Lucia open she mouth to protest , but before she can -- cortez ( cont ’d ) this man -- he confess to shoot you in cold blood . but you ? you refuse to id he . so we have to cut he loose . ( point ) and a week later , he turn up with five bullet in he chest because somebody shot he . in cold blood . and that be guilt on Ana Lucia 's face . and she eye be start to water . but she fuck choke it down -- ana lucia guess I better get a lawyer . and Ana turn to go , but -- cortez grab she by the wrist . pull she around . and we can see that there be much more than anger here -- this be a mother who be deeply fucking worried about she daughter . cortez look , you and I both know this be a dead end investigation . ( beat ; emotional ) but if you ... if you do this , I have to help you , Ana . I just -- ana lucia yeah . thanks . ( pull away ; then ) but I be fine . but cortez be not give up . really reaching out here -- cortez you will not let I help you ? then you be gonna need to get it from somewhere else . ( beat ; measure ) you be a police officer , Ana . if you do not respect I , respect that . a tense beat , as Ana Lucia 's eye fill with emotion . we can see that part of she want to ask for help . want to collapse into she mother 's arm and apologize . want to tell she what this man -- what this fucker -- really do to she . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 5 but Ana ? she can not do any of that . so without a word , she remove she badge . unholster she gun . and hand they both to she mother . ana lucia I quit . and off ana lucia as she throw open the door and begin what will be a long walk away from everything she 's ever know -- int . hatch - bathroom - day 6 Ana Lucia stand in front of the mirror . she 's pull she hair back to reveal the bloody wound right above her ear . she wince in pain as she dab it with a wet towel -- locke ( 0.s. ) you okay ? locke' reflection appear in the mirror . Ana Lucia continue to clean she wound , pissed off at herself . ana lucia he be play ( fuck ) possum . locke 's get he own reason for hat Henry right about now , feel she frustration -- locke well , he 's not play anymore . ana lucia you tie he up . locke good and tight . locke linger in the doorway , something clearly on he mind . a beat , then he curiosity win out -- locke ( cont ’d ) what be he say to you ? ana lucia nothing much . he 's just angry . locke angry about what ? well that be fuck direct . a beat , then -- ( continued ) 6 continued : 6 ana lucia ( eye down ) I kill a couple of he '' friend . '' locke well . I be sure it be in self - defense . ana lucia first one come into we camp one night to take we kid . ( beat ) I hit she with a rock . on locke . listen as Ana continue -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) the second one be pretend to be one of we . Said he name be goodwin . I jamme a spear through he chest . a beat . okay . not exactly self - defense . we eagerly await locke 's thought on all this . but all he do be point to the gash on Ana 's forehead -- locke you need stitches . ana lucia you get a needle and thread ? locke not on I . off ana lucia , frown as she turn back to the mirror -- ext . jungle - dawn 7 we're wide on jack carry Michael up a steep incline . kate can be see close behind . tighter on jack . intensity in he eye as sweat pour down he face as he struggle . kate clock he effort -- kate how ' bout a break , Jack ? jack we will rest at the top . ( continued ) 10 . continued : 7 a couple silent beat as Jack take the last painful step to the top of the hill . finally , they reach the top . Jack put Michael down gently , try to catch he own breath as he put a hand on Michael 's forehead -- jack ( cont 'd ) no fever . kate what do you think happen to he ? jack I do not ... he 's be on he own for two week -- he 's exhaust , dehydrated ... and then ? Michael mumble something . Jack lean in -- jack ( cont 'd ) Michael ? it 's Jack , man -- can you hear I ? Michael ? Michael 's lip move a little -- Jack strain to listen -- and then Michael 's out again . Jack blink , pull away ... kate what have he say ? do you -- ? jack ( beat ; then ) he say '' Walt . '' a moment as that play . kate just stare at Jack -- jack ( cont 'd ) what ? kate clock Jack 's exhaustion . remember the moment they share before Michael stumble out -- the closeness of it . kate you okay ? jack gimme a sec to catch my breath . kate step up -- take one of Michael 's limp arm and drape it over she shoulder . manage to bring he to a sitting position . Jack look at she , understand the gesture -- she 's go to help he . ( continued ) ll. continued : ( 2 ) 7 kate you do not have to do everything alone , Jack . he consider it , then take Michael 's other arm . together , they lift he to he foot . Jack give kate a quick glance , grateful for she help . and off the two of they , work together to bring Michael home -- ext . beach - libby 's area —- morning 8 libby and hurley be practice they new exercise regime -- pacing down to the shoreline and back , all the while play a new game call '' I miss '' -- libby I miss my bathtub . hurley I miss my hog . libby you have a motorcycle ? hurley no , I have a potbelly pig . his name be Chester ... Libby just laugh . then -- libby I miss music . the perfect song -- y'know , that match you mood . hurley dude , there 's a whole record collection in the hatch . l let 's go . libby there 's also a prisoner down there . kind have a mood ... killer , y'know ? hurley uhm , yeah ... good point . but something 's catch Libby 's eye down the beach . libby hurley -- will you excuse I for a minute ? and lest we be curious as to what it be she just see ... 12 . ext . treeline - morning 9 Ana Lucia 's wound , as reflected in a sharp of mirror -- libby ( 0.s. ) what happen ? widen to reveal Ana Lucia 's get a needle and thread and be about to sew up she own fuck head use a propped up compact mirror . ana lucia cut myself shave . libby stop that . let I . Ana Lucia look up -- hardcore . part of she want to go through the suffer of stitching herself , but after a beat , she hand the needle to Libby . a beat as Libby sit across from she , study the gash . Ana can feel she eye on she , wait for a explanation ... ana lucia guy in the hatch try to kill I . libby you okay ? ana lucia yeah . I be fine . Libby clock she -- she 's not fine , she 's fuck angry . libby Ana ? ana lucia what ? libby do not do anything stupid . Ana say nothing -- but they eye meet , hold a beat . Libby shake she head ... then leans in -- libby ( cont ’d ) okay . this be gonna hurt . and off ana , gritting her teeth before the needle punch in . 10 11 13 . int . hatch - live area - day 10 locke lean on he crutch as he stand in the entryway to the live area . reaches he finger as high as they 's 1ll go to touch the teeth of the blast door that reside in the wall above he . the blast door with the fuck map on it . a beat . another beat . and locke finally turn towards the armory door . pushing in . and although Henry 's a liar ... someone who just try to kill one of we castaway ... he 's John locke 's only fuck shot at answer . int . hatch - armory - day 11 total darkness as the door slide OPEN , casting a shaft of light on Henry , sit on the cot . Henry be not only bound by he wrist , but he be also tethered to the bed . and fuck tightly , too . on locke . backlit . very fuck noir . just look at Henry . try to ... make sense of he . the silent moment plays . then -- henry if you have come to apologize , I forgive you for hit I with you crutch . ( beat ) I be glad my head do not break it . Boy , be he fuck smug . and locke be not one bit amused -- locke why ? henry now there 's a broad question . locke why do you try to hurt Ana Lucia and not I ? on henry . his eye dance with intelligence . but -- henry I be not sure I know what you be get at , John . ( continued ) 11 continued : 14 . 11 locke I be trap under that blast door . helpless . you could have crush my skull . and you do not do_a thing . why do not -- ? henry because you be one of the good one , John . locke good ... what ? henry ( shake he head ) none of it matter . I be dead anyway . locke listen with deep skepticism . henry ( cont ’d ) the doctor go out to make a trade , and you and I both know he 'il come back empty-hand . and then ? ( simple ; cold ) I have lose my value . locke 's mind spin with the implication . and Henry be rolling now -- on locke . henry ( cont ’d ) so either Jack come back and kill I or my people find where I be be hold and they do it . locke why would you own people -- ? henry because the man in charge ? he 's a great man , John -- a brilliant man . ( a flash of fear ) but he be not a forgive man . forgetting why he even fuck come in here . totally catch up in Henry 's download . henry ( cont ’d ) they 's 11 kill I because I fail , John . I fail my mission . ( continued ) 15 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 locke what ... '' mission '' ? henry when that ... woman catch I in she trap ... I be on my way here , John . suddenly a commotion can be heard from the hallway -- muffled voice -- several people entering the hatch -- kate 's voice --— kate ( 0.s. ) JOHN ! ?! locke look towards kate 's voice , but quickly turn back to Henry . and we be super tight on he as he softly say -- henry I be on my way here , John , because i_was_ come for you . holy . fucking . shit . now jack 's voice -- jack ( 0.s. ) locke ! get out here ! on henry . laid bare . not a shred of the lecter bullshit -- he 's as genuine as we have ever see he . on locke . head spinning . do not know whether he 's be fuck with or he 's just be give the meaning of life . jack ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) JOHN ? I _need you . and as locke turn to see Jack and kate haul michael into the live area , he snap out of it . and with one last look at Henry -- desperate Henry -- locke slide the door shut -- snuffing out that single stream of light and plunging we into -- black . end act one 12 13 16 . act two int . lax airport - day - mos - flashback ( 2004 ) 12 close on a metal detector wand as it travel across the body of a man -- arm around to reveal Ana Lucia in a tsa ( transportation Security administration ) uniform -- that 's right , since leave the force , Ana Lucia 's be work the worst job in the world : airport security . she wave the man through . and as she next victim approach , we linger a beat on Ana Lucia 's face , and see clearly how much she hate what she 's do -- upcut to : int . lax airport bar - night - flashback 13 Ana Lucia , in she STREET clothes now , belly up to the airport bar . this be a very familiar ritual for she . ana lucia hey , Mike . tequila and tonic . Ana settles down on a stool . take off she jacket . and then we hear a man 's voice one stool over -- man ( 0.s. ) Nice to see you again . and Ana Lucia turn to see : christian shephard . yup . Jack 's dad. Dr. Fucking shephard . here he be , in the flesh , smile at Ana Lucia , and drain a scotch , while indicate to the bartender that he have like another . but while we can not believe we fuck eye , remember , he 's a stranger to Ana Lucia . he smile -- shephard you wand I . at security . Ana get she drink , suck on the lime . and shephard seem to be amuse by the fact that she 's completely ignoring he . shephard ( cont 'd ) so how do somebody get into wand ? ( continued ) 13 17 . continued : 13 ana lucia I use to be a cop . shephard what a coincidence . I use to be a doctor . shephard get he drink . take a big gulp . and Ana -- well , she 's actually kind have draw in by this guy . why ? who fuck know . but she answer . ana lucia why have you quit ? shephard I do not . my son ratted I out for drink on the job . lose my license . Ana Lucia , shake she head , smile -- shephard ( cont ’d ) yeah . hilarious , I know . ana lucia no ... it 's just -- I do not think parent and kid should work together . too many ... issue . shephard ( smile ; bingo ) I will drink to that . Ana smile . raise she glass . they clink . ana lucia so where you head ? shephard Sydney . Sydney , Australia . ( beat ; think ; then ) wanna come ? ana lucia ha . shephard I be serious . ana lucia sure you be . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 shephard iam . Flight leave at eleven . Ana shake she head , what the hell be up with this guy ? ana lucia why would I go to Sydney with you ? shephard why would not you ? ana lucia because you be a stranger . and you have have two drink just since I have be talk to you . and I do not go to ( fuck ) Australia just to ... go . Christian move over a seat . not sexual at all -- but definitely more ... intimate . shephard I always have two drink for the road because it 's good luck and I do not want to crash . and if you need a reason to go to Australia , here 's a great one -- ( beat ) what I be do down there be dangerous . I need someone to protect I . a bodyguard . perfect for someone who '' use to be a cop . '' ana lucia protect you from what ? shephard do it matter ? Ana Lucia just look at he . he look back . somehow , kindred spirit . after a beat , he reach into he leather carry - on . pull out a wear manila envelope . reaches inside ... root around -- and extract a wad of hundre dollar bill . pushes it across to Ana Lucia . shephard ( cont ’d ) payment in advance . ana lucia you be crazy , man . ( continued ) 13 19 . continued : ( 3 ) 13 shephard maybe . ( then ) but maybe I be not and fate have throw you and I together . two drink in at a airport bar . ana lucia and why would '' fate '' do that ? shephard same reason fate do anything ... so we can help each other . ( beat ) do not you need help ? and this time when he look at she , it 's a real moment . bond . she can see the same thing in he eye we can -- a real level of sadness and desperation . and Ana Lucia be actually fuck considering this . she look down at the money . back up at shephard , point to herself and then to he -- ana lucia that be not gonna happen . and if we do not get she gist , shephard certainly do -- shephard darlin 's -- I could not if I try . she smile . charme by he honesty . ana lucia I do not even know you name . shephard let 's not use we real name . that keep it nice and ... professional . tell you what ... you pick mine , I nil pick yours . Ana Lucia shake she head -- can not believe she 's fuck get into this . but she be get into it . so -- ana lucia you look like a '' Tom '' to I . ( continued ) 13 14 20 . continued : ( 4 ) 13 shephard Tom be a excellent name . ( think ; then ) and you ... should be '' Sarah . '' Ana nod . so fuck be it . she raise she eyebrow -- ana lucia you say two be good luck , huh ? shephard smile back -- shephard I believe I do . and shephard raise he finger to the bartender -- shephard ( cont ’d ) another drink for the lady . and off ana lucia , a flash of ambivalence -- not exactly sure why the fuck she just agree to what she just agree to ... but that do not really matter right now ... because she 's go to fuck sydney . ext . jungle - day 14 on ana lucia stare up at something ... and then -- whack , whack -- we see a mango pull into frame and drop into a trap . widen to reveal sawyer have rig up a device to knock the fruit from the tree . he suddenly realize he’s not alone . sawyer look over and see Ana Lucia pack the mango in he canvas bag . he look suspicious that she 's help , walk over -- sawyer I get it . ana lucia do not figure you for the fruit - pick type . sawyer whatt ’ya want ? ana lucia can not a person make conversation ? ( continued ) 14 continued : 21 . 14 sawyer a person can . you can not . you be not ever talk to I except to say '' shut - up '' or '' five minute , '' and now you wanna be my best friend ? whatt ’ya want , small -fry ? sawyer hit the ground , take he sack from she . Ana Lucia smile , bust -- ana lucia I need a gun . sawyer course you do . ( shake he head ) if I have know everyone be gonna come askin’ every damn day , I never would have steal ‘em in the first place . this island need to repeal the damned second amendment . Ana Lucia just look at he . he grins -- sawyer ( cont 'd ) that 's the one about gun . ana lucia ( fuck you ) funny . Ana Lucia keep she expression even but sawyer clock ... something . whatever she want it for , it be not good . sawyer hey , here 's a idea : why not go to you buddy , Jack ? he 's get himself a gun . ( snap he finger ) oh , right -- he 's still traipsing through the jungle with kate . ana lucia if you have get a problem ' cause he 's make time with you girlfriend , do not take it out on I , man . sawyer look at she , he eye cold -- he can throw out wise ass remark all day , but Ana just hit he where he live . and she do not let up . take a step forward . Eye to eye . ( continued ) 22 . 14 continued : ( 2 ) 14 ana lucia ( cont ’d ) so how about you just give I a gun . sawyer here 's another idea -- scram . Ana blink . a beat . but sawyer 's over it now -- sawyer ( cont 'd ) you hear I . not git . she eye he like she just might bite he fuck nose off . but after a beat , she break away . turn around . and walk off . and off sawyer , watch she go -- 15 int . hatch - bedrock area - day 15 close on michael 's eye as Jack carefully pull it OPEN . they be in the '' infirmary . '' Michael on the bottom bunk . jack ( 0.s. ) Michael ... but Michael ain ’t really there . pupil roll up . locke ( 0.s. ) so it work . Jack turn to see locke stand in the door , observe they . jack what be you talk about , John ? locke you deal -- the trade . if they give we Michael back ... jack they do not give we anything . locke be slightly confuse . not to mention , he head be still fuck trip out from he conversation with Henry . locke so it 's just a coincidence that he come wander out when you -- jack I be shouting . he hear my voice . locke nod , noncommittally . Jack get defensive now -- ( continued ) 15 16 23 . continued : 15 jack ( cont 'd ) what ? they send Michael back just hope we have keep up we end of the bargain ? you think they be on the ( fuck ) ... honor system ? kate enter with fresh water , immediately clock the tension . kate hey . jack hey . Jack take the water bottle and move to Michael . on locke . after a moment , he wordlessly hobble out . ext . beach - communal pantry - day 16 on sayid , digging a hole . a voice call out to he -- hurley ( 0.s. ) dude , nice hole . sayid look up and see hurley approach . sayid what be it , hurley ? hurley hey , man ... you remember that radio we make ? I think maybe I could , like , get it to play some music , y'know ... for Libby . ah . there it be . sayid nod , sympathetic -- sayid it work only once and then just for a minute . I have try numerous time since and get only static . hurley I know , but here 's the thing ... even that have be good . ' Cause then Libby 'il be all like , '' it 's the think that count . '' then I score major point . especially when she see I hold it over my head . sayid look at hurley -- confuse . ( continued ) 16 continued : sayid and why would you hold a static generate radio over you head ? hurley they do not have '' say anything '' in Baghdad ? ( off he blank look ) it 's awesome . this dude like get a boom -box , and hold it over he head outside the chick 's window , and he play some Peter Gabriel song . and bam . the girl 's like , he . I mean , after she father go to jail . but then he get she . and he 's a kickboxer -- sayid I think I get the idea . hurley you should check it out sometime . I mean , if we ever , y'know , get off the island . sayid shake he head . charme by the site of young love . sayid if you want to do something nice for Libby , there 's a beautiful beach maybe three kilometer from here . pack a picnic basket and take she there . hurley you think that have work ? sayid nod . yes , he do . hurley 's start to dig this plan . then sayid resume digging , he smile fade as -- sayid I take Shannon there once . oh yeah . Shannon . remember she ? hurley do . suddenly feel for sayid . but sayid quickly let he off the hook -- sayid ( cont 'd ) would you like direction ? as hurley nods back ... 17 25 . ext . jungle - day 17 on sawyer as he walk through the jungle . he stop . look around . produce a papaya from he pack and take a bite . chews . then , he start move again . a beat . then he suddenly stop . there it be -- that rustling behind he . and then it stop . yup , there 's somebody out there . he turn -- sawyer come out , come out , whoever you be . nothing . not a sound . and now , sawyer draw he gun -- sawyer ( cont 'd ) I know you be there -- do not make I come in after you . a beat , then -- Ana Lucia emerge from the brush . sawyer ( cont 'd ) well , well , well -- look what we get here . be Little Red Riding Hood gonna follow the Big bad Wolf to he stash o’ gun ? ana lucia why not gimme that one right there . sawyer put the gun back in he waistband -- sawyer I be not gonna gimmyou nothin’ . but Ana Lucia be not take no for a answer , start move towards he -- sawyer ( cont 'd ) you and I be over this , Lucy -- -- she keep right on go , get right in he face -- sawyer ( cont 'd ) hey ! -- and wham ! Ana Lucia fuck punch he in the face ! sawyer stumble backward -- go down like a sack of wheat ! sawyer ( cont 'd ) what the -- ? ( continued ) 17 26 . continued : 17 Ana Lucia jump on top of he , try to hold he down -- and while sawyer do not exactly hate be this close to she he be not let this little chickie get the best of he . he waste no time in use he superior strength to flip she over . boom . her back slam against the jungle floor . now he’s on top and pin she down . he lean in close . she feel he breath on she face -- sawyer ( cont 'd ) what 's cha gonna do now , muchacha ? they be sweaty , nose to nose . heat and anger burn from they eye , they body press tightly together . and just as we wonder what she 's go to do , Ana Lucia suddenly jerk she head up and meet sawyer 's lip with she own . Holy shit . her mouth be hungry ; she 's more bite and grab at he than kissing he . and even in he surprise , sawyer waste no time in open he mouth to she and give it right back . she reach for he head and smashes it between she hand in a vice grip . her hand slide down he scalp , pulling he hair back as she roll on top of he . once there , she put one hand on he neck while pull he hair back with the other . all the while kissing he . and quickly he 's have enough , flip her over again and hold her hand down over her head . he run he hand down she torso and then , in one deft move , he pull her shirt off . she squirm beneath he , in only her bra . now it 's she turn -- she flip he over , grab he belt , yank it off and fling it out of the way . they kiss , angry , hard , and it 's impossible to tell really whether they want to fight or fuck . he look at she , wonder how far this be go to go . and Ana 's response be to unbutton sawyer 's pant ... we pan off to the belt , laying on the ground , partially cover by ana lucia 's shirt . and as sawyer 's gun fall on top of the pile ... smash to black . end of act two 18 19 27 . act three ext . jungle - day 18 tight on a pair of jeans , lay on the jungle floor as a hand reach into frame and grab they . widen to reveal shirtless sawyer . get dress in all he post-coital glory . he steal a glance at -- Ana Lucia 's back as she throw on she familiar black tank top . she turn around , catch he look at she -- ana lucia what ? Jesus . this be awkward . and now Ana Lucia simply take off . not a word or a look to sawyer who can not believe he usual role of loving ‘em and leave ‘em be be reverse . this be the perfect scenario -- she 's fuck leave . sawyer do not you want my phone number ? Ana Lucia turn around , she eye smolder -- ana lucia if you tell anyone about this , I ’1ll kill you . sawyer guess that take cuddlin’ off the table . and we push in tight on Ana Lucia 's face as she go , not even a hint of a smile -- int . sydney HOTEL room - night - flashback 19 Ana Lucia lie on top of the kick out sheet of she bed . insomnia-ville . cannot fucking sleep . she look at the clock radio . 3:51 a.m. fuck . she get up out of bed , open the mini - bar . crack open a mini bottle of tequila and pour it in a glass . she mix in some tonic , but do not drink . she whirl it with she finger instead , as she move to the window and look out at the twinkle light of Sydney harbour . she stare out , wonder how in fuck she get here ... suddenly -- pounding on her door -- only one person it could be . she put the drink down and move to the door -- ( continued ) 19 20 21 28 . continued : 19 shephard ( 0.s. ) saarrah . open the damn door ! yeah . Christian . she open the door to reveal a very drunk Christian shephard hold the door frame to steady himself -- shephard ( cont ’d ) good , you be up . Protection duty ... it 's time . let 's go . Ana Lucia look at he , suspicious and skeptical -- ana lucia after four day of drink ... do nothing -- now in the middle of the night , you be ready to go ? he nod . damn straight -- shephard that 's exactly right . now , c’mon ... it 's time . get dress . off ana lucia , ponder . what the fuck . sooner start , sooner finish . and as thunder crash -- ext . residential STREET - sydney - night - flashback 20 rain pour down as a lone car cruise ghost - like down the street in a work class neighborhood of modest home . int . car - drive - flashback 21 Ana Lucia drive . Christian swig from a mini bottle of scotch . he scan the street , point to a run - down house with a rusted out jeep park in the driveway -- shephard that 's it -- that 's the one . pull in ! ana lucia this be what I be protect you from ? the suburb ? shephard just stay here . ana lucia ( piss ) should I keep the meter run ? ( continued ) 21 22 29 . continued : 21 but Christian 's out of the car , slamming the door , and head up the front walk . he 's instantly soaked . we stay in the car with ana lucia , windshield wiper go -- watch from her Pov as -- christian ring the bell and knock on the door . aman ona mission ... finally , a light come on . then the door open , revealing lindsey , a attractive but weathered blonde in she forties . she 's surprised to see Christian and not very happy about it . Christian -- drunk and impassioned -- try to explain something to she -- and from the look of it , it 's something that 's be weigh on he mind for a long time . whatever the explanation , it be not work . lindsey start to cry , cinch she robe tighter , and shake her head , no . Christian start to yell in frustration , he voice rising to a level where Ana Lucia can now hear -- shephard lindsey tell I where she be --!! -- go home , Christian . you be drunk ! shephard lindsey she 's my daughter . I havea right to see she ! -- you do not have any rights . get out ! lindsey try to slam the door close , but Christian stick he foot in it . she push hard against the door , and Christian apply a shoulder and -- blam ! -- it bash OPEN ! that 's enough for Ana Lucia -- ext . lindsey 's house - sydney - night - flashback 22 she 's out of the car and rush for the house as -- Christian try to push in past lindsey , but she hold her ground , grab he -- pushing -- scream -- lindsey shephard get -- get out of my house -- -- this be my house ! I pay you mortgage ! let I -- Christian grab lindsey , tries to move her . she scream -- ( continued ) 22 30 . continued : 22 Ana Lucia roll up and pop Christian with a forearm to the side of the head -- stop he -- grab he in a arm bar . shephard ow !! what ( the fuck ) be you do ?! let go of I ! lindsey clearly have no idea who this woman be who have come to she aid , but she do not really care . shout at shephard -- lindsey don ’t ever come back here ! Ana Lucia 's get control of he . this be cop 101 . she use she arm bar leverage to turn Christian around -- ana lucia it 's okay . we be leave ... lindsey you get he away from I ! he 's poison . he 's poison ! that sentiment land on Ana Lucia as she march Christian across the lawn , both of they get drenched in the rain -- shephard let I go . I be just have a conversation -- ana lucia you conversation 's ( fuck ) over . shephard you work for I ! she torque he arm harder , get he to the car -- ana lucia shut up . she open the car door and shove he inside . give one last look back to the house -- and as Ana Lucia lock eye with lindsey , a moment . and as lindsey shake she head , a sense of pity from this complete stranger ... pity that Ana be now saddle with the same man she clearly fuck hate ... 23 31 . ext . beach —- pantry - day 23 close on a stick of dharma initiative salami . widen to reveal hurley , toss it into he backpack . he 's at the communal pantry , go through the shelf of food , load up . dharma cheddar spread , dharma saltine , dharma olive ... he stuff ‘em all in when he hear -- libby ( 0.s. ) hey there , how 's it go ? hurley freeze , deer in headlight . turn around with a guilty look to see -- Libby . hurley uh ... it 's not what it look like . Libby eye the bag of goody . look back at hurley -- libby and what do it look like ? hurley it look like ... stuff ... that it ’s... not ? ( beat ) man , I be so bust . libby hurley , I be not here to tell you how to act around food . hurley no , I be not bust for that , I be bust for ... something ... else . fuck . he do not want to have to ruin what he be plan but , now he have no choice -- hurley ( cont ’d ) I be pack for a picnic . and I be kinda hope ... you have go with I ... as , like , a ... we thing . but it be a ... uh ... surprise . libby really ? hurley blushes , nod sheepishly . ( continued ) 23 24 32 . continued : 23 libby ( cont 'd ) that 's so sweet . hurley so do you , like , wanna go ? libby where to ? hurley can that part still be a surprise ? Libby grin at he . genuinely excited . and she nods . and off hurley 's delighted smile -- int . hatch - kitchen - day 24 Jack 's at the sink wash he instrument tray . locke 's tightening the screw on the crutch he use to clobber Henry . they be not talking , then -- ana lucia ( 0.s. ) hey . you be back . Jack look up to see Ana Lucia enter the live space . jack hey . she look at he . then -- ana lucia so the other ... they do not show up ? jack nope. ( then ) but Michael 's back . ana lucia ( surprised ) what -- ? when do he ...? but Jack 's clocked the wound on the side of she head -- jack what happen to you ? Ana Lucia 's hand go to the wound . fuck . this be gonna take some explain and she sure as shit do not wanna do it . but before she open she mouth -- ( continued ) 24 25 33 . continued : 24 locke ( 0.s. ) it 's my fault . both Jack and Ana Lucia turn to see locke , calmly sketching he '' map '' as he sit in the NOOK -- locke ( cont 'd ) I must have leave the tap on in the bathroom sink , it flood over . Ana wipe out , bang she head on the counter . ( to Ana ) again -- I be sorry about that . a moment on locke -- long enough to realize that he know what might happen to Henry if he attempt murder come to light . and that he be not do talking to he . Ana Lucia be surprised he cover she , but grateful , too . ana lucia yeah . do not worry about it . and Jack ? he 's not sure what the fuck be go on , but why the hell would they lie about it ? and that 's exactly when -- kate ( 0.s. ) jack ! and as all three head turn towards the sound of kate 's voice . towards the bedroom -- int . hatch —- bedroom area - day 25 close on kate , nervous and excited as she lean by Michael 's side . his eye be fluttering -- kate I think he 's waking up ... locke and Ana Lucia enter behind Jack who move to the bed -- kneel , gently put he hand on Michael 's shoulder . jack hey , Michael ? Michael ? michael Jack ...? Jack smile as he exchange a look with kate , relieved -- ( continued ) 25 34 . continued : 25 michael ( cont 'd ) man ... where ... how do I ...? jack try to take it easy , okay ? you be back in the hatch -- we find you in the jungle last night . michael my head ... how long have I -- ? locke you be go twelve day . Michael look over at locke . a moment . for that of we who have forget , Michael smashed locke over the head before he run off . nod a somewhat shame greeting -- michael hey , John . locke ( nod back ) welcome back . Michael grunt as he pull himself into a sit position . take the bottle of water kate offer he . on ana as she watch he gulp it down . and the minute he 's finish -- michael I find they . okay . shit . none of we folk need to ask who '' they '' be . and we let that play because what Michael 's about to say ? well , we have be wait for any fuck information about this bastard for the better part of two season now . michael ( cont 'd ) after I leave ... I hike north . ( look to Ana Lucia ) back to where we be . I dig myself a hide - out -- wait there for five day , but nobody come . so I leave . hike to the beach and start follow the shore . ( beat ) Day later , I see one . on locke . mega fuck engaged -- locke what do he ... look like ? ( continued ) 25 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 michael dirty . worn out clothing . no shoe . simple . just like the rest of they . jack the rest of they ? michael ( intense ) yeah . his people . the '' other . '' I follow he back to he camp . Ana Lucia and Jack share a look . christ -- Michael find where the other fucking live . michael ( cont 'd ) they live in tent . canvas tent and ... tee-pee . they eat ... dry fish -- they be worse off than we be . on our group . not what they be expect at fuck all . locke no building ? no structure ? Michael shake he head . nope . kate how many of they be there ? michael I count twenty - two . jack michael the boat that -- ? -- do not see it . jack do you ... see Walt ? a moment . on michael . emotional . michael no. ( then ; confident ) but I know he 's there . ana lucia what about everyone else they take ? Cindy ? do you see any other kid ? ( continued ) 25 36 . continued : ( 3 ) 25 michael no . no kid . but I think they be in the same place as my boy . on everyone . speechless . just let Michael talk now -- michael ( cont 'd ) they have a hatch . as that land -- jack how do you know they -- ? michael there 's a set of metal door lead into the ground . what else would it be ? jack and you think the kid be inside ? michael ( nod ) they keep it guard 24 / 7 . two guard ... two gun . and two gun be all I see . ( temper rise ) they be barely armed . they be old . and half of ‘em be woman . even so , I could not ... I want to -- Michael get choke up -- a rising frustration -- michael ( cont 'd ) I could not save he . so I come back to tell you . ( look up ; eye burn ) to tell you that we can take they . on jack , activate on a new level . Holy shit -- it 's on . michael ( cont 'd ) soon as I get my strength back . I will take we back there . ( fierce determination ) and we be gonna get my son back . the clarity and undeniably of this mission land on they all . on locke . on kate and jack , share a look . and finally -- off ana lucia . they be all amped and ready to go -- end of act three 26 37 . act four ext . jungle - day 26 get dark now . hurley hold back a tree branch to let Libby through to a small clear -- hurley watch you head -- almost there ... Libby duck and make she way under . stop to look around -- libby you ever watch '' the flintstone '' ? hurley sure -- I use to watch it all the time in the hospital ... oops . hurley stammer , the worst job of cover ever -- hurley ( cont ’d ) when I ... break my , uh ... hip . and for obvious reason , Libby let he off the hook . smile as they walk on -- libby well , do you ever notice how Fred would run by the same thing over and over again ? ( point ) third time past that tree . hurley that 's a ... different tree . libby it 's okay if you be lose -- hurley -- I be not lose , dude . trust I -- we be about to walk right out onto the beach and ...! sure enough , they emerge onto sand . hurley turn , huge grin . hurley ( cont ’d ) surprise ! Libby look around , shake she head . ( continued ) 38 . 26 continued : 26 libby hurley , this be we beach . ( point to the shallow ) there 's jin . and sure enough , jin be there clean a fish . he see they and offer a friendly wave . hurley 's face fall -- libby ( cont ’d ) ( smile ; optimistically ) hey -- why not have a picnic right here ? here , give I the blanket . hurley blanket ? libby you do not have blanket . ( okay ; then ... ) how about drink ? hurley turn red . forget that , too . Libby smile reassuringly -- libby ( cont ’d ) tell you what -- I 'il handle the blanket and you track down Rose and Bernard . I see they pull some wine from the pallet . hurley even more red now . this sound like a date . hurley oh. wine . uh ... groovy . ( smile goofily ) hey , maybe if I get drunk enough I ' 1ll be able to remember where I know you from . uh-fucking -oh . on libby , she smile fade ever so slightly because we know where he know she from . but then ? she smile . and it 's genuine . the sense that maybe it 's time to come clean . Hell -- she like he . libby yeah . okay . Libby turn to go , but before she get too far -- ( continued ) 26 27 continued : ( 2 ) hurley hey , Libby ! ( she turn ) if you , uh -- want to call I Hugo , that have be cool . libby you get it , Hugo . a big smile as she turn back and head off , we linger on hurley . smiling wider than he 's ever smile before -- int . hatch —- geodome - day 39 . 26 27 locke sit at the computer work on he map as Jack enter . and there 's something about Jack right now ... he be actually pensive . awkward . he 's get something to say and now he just fuck say it -- jack you be right . locke right about what ? jack about Henry . locke look up . whoa . this be fuck big . jack ( cont 'd ) what you and sayid do to he when you first find he ... you be ... right . I never should have ... ( beat ; own it ) I do not like how you do it , but I should not have get in you way . and that 's about as close to sorry as Jack shephard ever get . locke you do what you think be right at the time you think it , Jack . Jack nods , relieved that locke be be so chill . locke ( cont 'd ) but I hope the next time you decide to do something , you include I . ( beat ; point ) and something tell I that 's gonna be soon . and then -- ( continued ) 27 28 40 . continued : 27 there it be . fun time over . locke and Jack be , at least for the next two minute , back in business together . Jack get off the couch , impassioned now -- jack you hear what Michael say ? we can take they . locke ( devil 's advocate ) we friend with the beard tell we not to cross the '' line . '' jack this people be liar , John -- why the hell should we take they word for anything ? a beat as locke look across the hatch to the armory door . and the man fuck behind it . and then -- locke I could not agree more . on locke , fierce determination twinkle in he eye -- locke ( cont ’d ) so ... now what ? int . hatch - live area - day 28 on kate as she fill a bottle of water at the sink . feel something weird . look up to find Ana Lucia lean against the nook . and she 's just ... staring at she . kate what ? ana lucia nothin 's ... ( then ; point ) it 's just -- that 's my shirt . uh ... what ? kate look down at the shirt she 's wear , instantly self - conscious -- kate oh. I ... find it in the luggage . ana lucia look good on you . you keep it . ( continued ) 28 29 4l . continued : 28 ( producer 's note : and before we get bust on this , the prior scene where we play this gag be cut from that show . ) Ana Lucia smile at the absurdity of the situation . and now kate smile back . wow , could they actually be bond ? that 's when Jack and locke enter -- and you can feel the tension -- they be ready to move -- pack on there shoulder . kate where be you go ...? locke to get we gun back from sawyer . jack ( to kate ) and we be gonna need you to help ... convince he . on kate as she mull the connotation of this . then -- kate who 's gonna take care of Michael ? Ana Lucia save they from the decision -- ana lucia I will stay . you guy go ahead . give sawyer my best . jack you sure ? she nods . yeah -- she 's fuck sure . jack ( cont 'd ) thanks . we ’1ll be back soon . now kate grab her pack , and the three of they exit out . and as soon as they be go ... we push in on ana lucia , as she turn to look toward the armory door -- int . car - drive - early morning - flashback 29 Ana Lucia 's behind the wheel . quiet . next to she , shephard , dishevel from they tousle on the front lawn , tip he mini-bottle all the way back , drain the very last drop into he throat . he reach out to the car radio -- ( continued ) 42 . 29 continued : 29 shephard we need some damn music in here . shephard find something mournful and bluesy . the two drive on silently for a few beat . then -- ana lucia who be she ? shephard who be who ? ana lucia ( '' do not play around '' ) that woman . shephard she ? be a very long story , Sarah . ana lucia my name 's Ana Lucia . shephard acknowledge that Ana no longer want to play he game . a beat . and then -- shephard well , I be still '' Tom . '' she shake she head , get pretty sick of this -- ana lucia you be pathetic be what you be . shephard you bet you sweet ass I be . he reach over to crank up the radio , but Ana 's have enough -- frustrate -- she crank the wheel -- screeeeech -- pull over to the curb , slam it into park -- turn on shephard -- ana lucia what the hell be we -- ? why be you here , man ? shephard why be you here ? on ana . shit. well , that 's a good fucking question . shephard ( cont ’d ) because I know exactly why I be here . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 43 . continued : ( 2 ) 29 shephard ( cont 'd ) I be here because I can not apologize to my son . he try to help I and I ... I thank he by cut he off . by hat he . ( beat ; point ) you turn , Ana ... ouch . Ana feel like she 's be slapped . shephard ( cont ’d ) you fly halfway around the world with a stranger at the drop of a hat and I be '' pathetic '' ? ana lucia you say you need someone to protect you ! not just sit around and watch you ( fuck ) drink ! a beat . shephard look at she . and here 's that terrible part of he we have see in the past . that mean part . shephard you come here for the same reason I do , kiddo . you run away . that 's pretty much a verbal knockout punch . Ana Lucia look away , piss and sad that this fucker be right . a beat , then shephard suddenly smile as he clock something across the STREET . shephard ( cont ’d ) well . look where fate 's deliver we this time ... Ana follow he eye . there , across the street , a bar -- '' the last call . '' shephard offer a sad smile . ana lucia it 's five - thirty in the morning ! shephard good , we will not have to fight the crowd . let 's go have a drink or ten and be pathetic together . c'mon ... Ana Lucia look at he -- a mixture of pity and anger . and she answer just come out -- ana lucia no ... ( continued ) 29 44 , continued : ( 3 ) 29 she 's have herself a epiphany here . a moment of clarity where she sees that shepard be merely herself four step down the road . more forceful now -- ana lucia ( cont 'd ) no. shephard if that 's you call ... he seem disappointed , but turn the door handle to leave . as it swing open -- slam -- it crash into a pedestrian -- pedestrian ( 0.s. ) hey , I be walk here ! and the fuck voice be damn familiar . holy fucking shit -- we be on he back but we see enough of he to know that it 's fucking sawyer heading into that bar ! Ana Lucia turn back towards shephard as he get out -- ana lucia wait ... because she gut be tell she that if she let this guy go in that bar something fuck terrible be go to happen . and we know she 's right , because after Christian shephard have a_heart - to-heart with sawyer in that bar , he be go to die in the fuck alley behind it . ana lucia ( cont ’d ) do not . you do not have to -- let 's just get the hell out of Sydney . ( beat ; emotional ) let 's just go ... back . shephard look at she . then , softly because it 's so fucking hard for he to say -- shephard I can not ever go back . ( then ) see ya , kiddo . and with that , Christian shephard get out of the car . and walk off , across the street . and into that bar , like a man to the gallow . and off ana lucia as she watch he go ... 30 45 . ext . beach - day 30 on a manuscript . we read the title , '' bad twin . '' widening to find it in the hand of sawyer in front of he campfire . totally engrossed -- jack ( 0.s8 . ) sawyer . sawyer barely look up as kate , Jack and locke ( on crutch ) approach he tent . just turn the page -- jack ( cont 'd ) put the book down . sawyer it be not a book , it 's a manuscript , and I be gonna be the first and only guy to find out who -done - it . ( turn another page ) I think I might have figure it out , so just cool you damn jet and take a walk around the coconut tree . only get ten page to go . jack you wanna figure it out ? but Jack 's jet be not gonna cool , so he grab the manuscript , rip out the last several page and throws they in the FIRE . sawyer hey ! he leap up , grab a stick -- knock the flame page out of the fire -- stomp they out . take a knee to find that the page be half ash . sawyer ( cont 'd ) what the hell do you do that for ? jack time to give we the gun back . sawyer ( be you fuck kidding ? ) you burn the end of my book and now you want I to -- locke where be they , James ? ( continued ) 30 31 46 . continued : 30 sawyer you to , brutus ? kate just ... take we there , sawyer . okay ? stop play around -- sawyer ( to Jack ) what ? you bring she along for the sympathy vote ? well she be not in my head , Doc , so go screw . ow . on kate , uncomfortable that sawyer have cross into this territory . Jack deal with it another way -- pull out he fuck gun , stick it in sawyer 's face -- jack take we to the gun . right now . now sawyer have a moment of realization . he do not have he fuck gun ! he forget about it . he involuntarily reach anyway for the back of he waistband , like you have check for you miss wallet . nothing ! double fuck . sawyer that bitch . she steal my damn gun . ( off Jack 's look ) Ana Lucia . jack how would she do that ? sawyer 's not about to tell Jack that -- sawyer sonofabitch ! jack what do she need a gun for ? locke know why : to get fuck revenge . he realize he might have se usly fuck up . locke Jack . I need to tell you something . int . hatch - live area - day 31 close on the gun . stick out of the back of Ana 's jeans . ( continued ) 31 32 47 . continued : 31 she pull it out . slip out the cartridge , check the load . use the back of she hand to wipe the bead of sweat off she forehead . blink . then smashes it back in . int . hatch —- armory - day 32 swoosh . the door slide open . Ana Lucia reach into she pocket , pull out she ka - bar and slide it across the room . pan over as the knife skid across the floor and land at henry' feet . he look up to Ana Lucia questioningly -- ana lucia pick it up and cut yourself loose . henry what ? ana lucia just do it . henry why ? Ana Lucia be not about to explain the situation to he -- ana lucia you know why . her tone be dead fuck serious . Henry pick up the knife with he bound hand . he eye widen with recognition -- henry I remember this knife . ( beat ) the woman you take it from ? the woman you murder . her name be Jennifer . Ana Lucia look at he know damn well she get that knife off the body of the woman she kill with a rock . Henry start to CUT through he rope , shake he head -- henry ( cont ’d ) he keep say you be '' misunderstand . '' ana lucia what be you talk -- ? henry goodwin . ( continued ) 48 . 32 continued : 32 Henry know she 's captivate -- milk it for all it 's worth -- henry ( cont ’d ) yes . he tell we all about you , Ana . he think you be worthy , that he could change you . ( off Ana Lucia ) but he be wrong . ( go back to cut ) and it cost he he life . ana lucia ( shake ) he ... he be gonna kill I . Henry look up to she , he eye as innocent as a lamb 's -- henry be he ? Ana Lucia blink . because she 's ask herself that same question over and over again . but this be not a woman who psychoanalyze herself . no . she fuck take action . ana lucia you finish ? on henry as he lift up he hand , now free from the rope . open they in a gesture of surrender . henry yes , Ana . I be finish . and now , she reach around to the back of she jeans . and remove she gun . hold it at she side . Henry look at she with a sense of acceptance . completely fearless . henry ( cont ’d ) so this be it , huh ? ana lucia yeah , Henry . this be it . and as ana lucia raise her gun , point it right at henry 's fucking head -- end of act four 33 49 . act five int . sydney airport - ticket counter - day - flashback 33 we be in the sydney airport . and here 's Jack . wearing the very same suit we see he wear in the pilot . he stand at the oceanic customer service counter . and he be fuck lose it . jack what do you mean you will not put it on the plane . that 's right , folk . we be back in the scene where Jack be scream at the ticket agent to get he father 's casket on the plane . jin wait in line behind Jack ; SUN in the b.g. decide whether or not to leave jin . we stay on jack -- jack ( cont 'd ) I want you to listen to I , okay ? because I be ask you a favor ... ( read she name - tag ) '' chrissy ? '' I be stand in front of you wear the same suit I be wear to my father 's funeral and I be ask you a favor . and now we pan the crowd , the camera searching , searching ... until it land on -- ana lucia . she 's watch Jack , listen to he . and even though we know she overhear the conversation , now we get to see her watch it . and jack be fucking yelling now -- jack ( cont 'd ) and I need that coffin to clear custom because there be go to be a hearse wait there . and that hearse need to take I and that coffin to the cemetery . why , chrissy ? why can not I just land and bring he to a funeral home and make all the arrangement there ? why can not I really take my time with it ? because I need it to be do . I need it to be over . and of course , she have nary a fuck idea that the man in that coffin be she friend , '' Tom . '' but still , Ana Lucia can understand . her feature soften . we see the sympathy in she eye as she watch Jack . ( continued ) 33 34 50 . continued : 33 suddenly , Ana Lucia pull out she cell phone and dial . she bring the phone to she ear , we hear ringing on the other end , then -- answering machine this be Captain Teresa cortez , please leave a message . Ana Lucia be call she mother . but she do not leave a message . with a conflict look on she face , she simply hang up -- upcut to : int . sydney airport - bar - day - flashback 34 Jack 's at the bar nursing a cocktail . Ana Lucia sit down next to he -- ana lucia tequila and tonic with a wedge of lemon . yes . we be back in that scene . the scene where Jack and Ana Lucia meet for the first time . only this time -- we know everything . ana lucia ( cont ’d ) why be you yell ? on jack -- be she talk to he ? ana lucia ( cont ’d ) the girl at the check - in counter . you be yell at she . Jack turn , not quite ready for this invasion of privacy -- jack I be sorry -- do I know you ? the woman smile , undaunted . ana lucia I be on you flight . L. a .? ( sip she drink ; then ) so you dad die , huh ? and we fucking cringe , because we know even what they do not : Ana Lucia come to Australia with Christian shephard and meet he in a bar just like she 's meeting Jack . ( continued ) 34 51 . continued : 34 we also know Ana Lucia now . and as the scene play out , we recognize that this tough - guy-bravado cover a sad and hurt and lonely woman . so we play the scene out in full , because it 's a different scene , now that we know what lie beneath . and she smile , actually crack Jack 's veneer . jack yeah , my dad die . ana lucia how ? jack ( hesitates ; then ) heart attack . Jack lift he cocktail to he lip , take a healthy gulp ... but he make a face as it go down . ana lucia not a drinker , huh ? jack ( own it ) no . no , not really . she downs the rest of she drink and give Jack the once over . jack ( cont 'd ) so what 's you name . ana lucia Ana Lucia . jack so tell I , Ana Lucia , why be you drink tequila and tonic at ten ' till noon ? ana lucia I hate fly . and they stick I in the back of the plane where the wheel come down right under you damn foot . so where be you sit ? Jack take out he ticket . check it -- jack 23b . ( continued ) 34 35 52 . continued : ( 2 ) 34 ana lucia 42f. ( smile ) wanna trade ? Jack smile back -- but before he can answer , she phone ring . Ana Lucia check the caller id , flip it OPEN -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) ( into phone ; ) hey ... yeah , I be in Sydney ... hold on . she sup the phone . ana lucia jack sorry -- k -- Jack . ana lucia ( cont ’d ) Jack ... I gotta talk . we will have the next drink on the plane , okay ? jack 42f . ana lucia 42f , right . she smile , touch he arm . on Jack , fully fuck intrigue . and right before she turn away -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) and Jack ? worst part 's over . and now we know that maybe , just maybe , she mean that for herself , too . so Jack smile and then we go where we have never go before : we follow ana lucia out of the bar . int . sydney airport - terminal - day - flashback 35 now , enter the terminal , Ana Lucia 's smile fade and she face fuck fall as she stop , bring the phone to she ear . ana lucia hi , mom . no , I do not leave a message ... yeah , that 's right , Australia . Ana Lucia 's mystery call be her mother . and now , we hear she mother 's voice on the other end of the phone -- ( continued ) 35 36 53 . continued : 35 cortez why be you in Australia ? no fuck easy answer to that question -- ana lucia I do not know ... I ... uhm ... and now we start to push in , tighter and tighter on ana lucia as all of she effort at hold it together crumble beneath the weight of she pain and the sound of she mother 's voice . her mouth quiver , she eye fill with flood of tear -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) .-. I do something bad ... a long beat , then she choke out -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) ...- you know ... and I get as far away from you as I could , but now ... I wanna come home , Mom . it 's a child 's plea for help and she mother hear it . a beat , then -- cortez so come home . ana lucia I be at the airport right now ... I be on oceanic Flight 815 ... cortez I will be there when you land , querida . on ana lucia , still cry but now , she face flood with relief , and something altogether new to she ... hope . int . hatch - live area - day 36 close on a gun . the gun . and it 's shaking . panning up to find it in the hand of --— Ana Lucia . she sit on the couch , eye down . hold the gun against she thigh . and we see now why it 's shaking -- it 's because she' fuck shaking . and since the last time we see she be in the armory point that gun at Henry 's fuck head , we have a good idea why . ( continued ) 36 54 , continued : 36 voice ( 0.s. ) where be everybody ? Ana Lucia instantly stiffen , turn to see Michael . wobbly , but on he foot . still look like hell . Ana become self - conscious , try to play cool . fries . ana lucia whatever you say get ‘em work up . they go to get all the gun from sawyer . michael ( process this ; then ) sawyer . have all the gun . ana lucia Long story . Michael shake he head . limp over . settles down on the couch next to she . nod to the gun in she hand -- michael at least he do not get that one . ana lucia yeah . ( then ) too bad I can not ( fuck ) use it . Ana Lucia look up at Michael ... a mixture of anger , vulnerability and self -fucking -disgust . michael use it on what ? Ana nod towards the armory door . we see now it be still tightly close . yeah . Henry be still alive and well . ana lucia we catch one . one of they . the other . get he lock up in there . on michael as he turn to look at the door . and something in he eye -- maybe disbelief -- or maybe the idea that he be this close to one of that fucker . michael ana lucia how long have he -- ? -- over a week ( continued ) 36 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 36 michael and you be ... take care of he ? feed he . ana lucia yeah . I have be ... I -- ( then ; look away ) he try to kill I today . I see it in he eye . he want I dead . Michael turn back to she . speechless . Ana take a breath . struggling with this . continue -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) so I want he dead . because people like that ... they -- they should be ... and now , the tear be start to come . she hate it . hate it . but she can not fuck help it , either . ana lucia ( cont ’d ) he call I a killer ... but I can not ... I can not do it ... I can not even kill he ... ( lose it ) I could not do it -- I ... I look down at he and he ... and Ana Lucia look up at Michael , laid completely bare . in this moment . to this relative stranger . she just say it -- ana lucia ( cont ’d ) I can not do it anymore . Michael just look at she . not without empathy ... but there be a hardness here now . something he bring back with he from the jungle . a long . long. beat . then finally -- michael then let I do it . oh . shit. fuck. wow . Ana Lucia blink . just as surprised as we be . Michael move closer to she . his own eye water now -- michael ( cont 'd ) they be animal . I have ... see this people and they be animal . ( anger rise ) they take my son . ( more ) ( continued ) 36 56 . continued : ( 3 ) 36 michael ( cont 'd ) right out of my hand . they take he and they ... ( stop himself ; measure ) I will do it . give I the gun and I nil kill he . ( finally ; chill ) because that 's what they would do . on ana lucia . torn . but know Michael be right . and know of all the people on the island , no one more than he have more reason to fuck do it . so Michael put out he hand . and after a long beat -- a long moment of decision -- Ana Lucia slowly hand he the fuck gun . Jesus . michael ( cont 'd ) what 's the combination ? ana lucia eighteen to the right . one to the leave . thirty - one to the right . back on michael -- and he expression change -- as if he 's in great emotional pain that he can not restrain anymore . a single tear slip down he cheek . and then , very , very softly , he say -- michael I be sorry . ana lucia ( confuse ) for what ? Michael abruptly stand . point the gun at Ana Lucia . blam . he shoot she . point blank . and Ana 's eye barely register surprise as she slide off the couch . slump into a seat position . she look up at Michael , still point the gun at she as she open she mouth -- but it 's not draw out . no. because a moment later , she body just ... go slack . her eye stay open , but the light be out . Ana Lucia cortez be dead . ( continued ) 36 37 57 . continued : ( 4 ) 36 voice ( 0.s. ) ( confuse ) Michael -- ? blam ! blam ! and Michael be fuck shoot before he even see what he 's shoot at -- instinct now as he whip around towards the sound of that voice and reveal -- libby . shocked . holding the blanket she be getting for her picnic with hurley . a blackened hole now permeate in the center of that blanket as Libby 's knee fuck buckle -- she hit the ground like a back of rock . over. do . oh sweet fuck christ . time stop . on michael . freaking out . sweat . blinking . he gun hand fucking trembling . frozen . and then he break it . pull he eye away from the dead woman as he turn -- intense -- walk over to the armory -- giacchino music start to pound now as he shaking hand spin the combination dial -- eighteen to the right -- one to the leave -- thirty - one to the right . he pull down the handle -- int . hatch - armory - continuous 37 the door slide OPEN . dark in here , Michael , the gun at he side , backlit by the live area behind he as we reveal ... Henry . sitting in the corner . United . and consider he just hear three gunshot and a strange man be now stand in the doorway of he '' cell , '' the look on Henry 's face be not one of fear ... it be one of acceptance . he stand up . face Michael . and Michael look at he . another tear slide down he face as he raise the gun ... and turn it on himself -- pushing it against he collarbone . ( continued ) 37 38 58 . continued : 37 blam . smash to black : hold on black for three full second , then -— — fade up : ext . beach —- dusk 38 a static frame . wide . beautiful . pastoral . it 's a beautiful night . a warm breeze riffle the palm . hurley sit on the sand . the picnic basket . a bottle of wine next to he . just hold this frame . holding on hurley . wait . and although we heart be already aching for he , let 's allow the guy one final moment of peace ... before it all go to fuck shit . smash to black : end of show