u- turn ( stray dog ) screenplay by John ridley and Richard rutowski &amp ; Oliver Stone note : the hard copy of this script contained scene number and some " omitted " slug . they have be removed for this soft copy . ext . somewhere in the desert southwest - day begin title over : it be early morning and already hot . insect drine , crackle , and scurry for shade . prairie dog burrow to escape the sun . we can see the heat shimmer off the surface of the Earth . on a dusty highway , a pair of vulture dine on a dead coyote . one of they snag a intestine and tug a few foot of it out of the carcass . in the distance , where a long , dusty road meet the horizon , a small shape appear -- a sixty -four-and - a-half mustang convertible , its top down . its candy - apple red burn like a brilliant fireball under the sun . as the car drift closer , we see steam escape from under the hood . sammi Smith 's " please help I get through the night " play on the car 's radio . int . bobby cooper' mustang - day at the wheel , ignore impending disaster , bobby cooper , young , good -look , fiddle with the radio dial , annoyed only to find country station . he 's be drive since noon yesterday and it show -- along with a heavily - bandage leave hand rest on the steering wheel . he find something by Pearl jam or smash pumpkin and he crank it . he pop a percodan with he good hand as , in the shimmer distance ahead , he see black shape in the road and lay on the horn . bobby get off the goddamn road ! ext . desert road - day as the mustang power by , the vulture move off the shoulder , silently watch . int . mustang - day the radio blare as bobby fight to stay awake . his attention be catch by blue and red light flash in the oncoming lane . he sit up as the police car ( sheriff potter inside ) close quickly . the siren start faintly , then scream as the cruiser roar past at speed . bobby fuck you ! there be a loud pop from the front of the mustang and a thick cloud of steam now pour from the hood . the temperature gauge now start rise . bobby no !... not now !... shit ! a couple of semis roar past in the opposite direction , buffett the mustang with they air wave . ext . fork in the road - day the car roll into a fork in the road , limping with the droop of a animal that will not make another hundred yard . one sign on the larger road say " globe " be 29 mile away . the other sign , on the lesser road , tell we " superior " be only 2 mile . a third sign confirm he destiny with " Gas , food , 1 mile . " bobby seem to have no choice . he aim the car down the lesser road towards " Superior , Arizona . " ext . outskirt superior - day the car rattles on its last leg , as bobby mutter incantation , notice a old , ghostlike mining company at the base of the mountain overlook the town . it 's desert now , no one visible , the gate shut , but in its vast , dark bulk , we sense the ancient richness and power of this town . Bobby move on . ext . harlin' garage - day down the road from the mining company , bobby's car pull into a small gas station , make of weather - beat wood , its window long since dust over . the pump themselves look to have be manufacture in the early fifty . above the station be a sign so fade it 's barely readable : harlin be . Bobby get out of the car and with great care , favor he bandage leave hand which seem to give he a great deal of pain , he open the hood . a plume of steam hit he in the face . bobby oh shit ! Bobby look around for someone , anyone . after a few moment he reach into the car and blow the horn . he wait , then blow it again . from out of the station walk darrell - a slow - look man in coverall cake with grease and dirty . he look the part of a yokel . bobby you harlin ? darrell nope. darrell . bobby harlin around ? darrell he 's up at the look out . darrell point a scraggly finger at a plateau in the distance . bobby will he be back soon ? darrell doubt it . he 's dead . the look out 's a cemetery . bobby you own this place ? darrell yep . bobby then why do you call it harlin' ? darrell ' Cause harlin use to own it . bobby but he 's dead . darrell so ? Bobby be confuse , but choose to drop the matter . bobby you want to take a look at my car ? I think the radiator hose be -- darrell damn . gonna be another hot one today . sometimes I do not even want to get out of bed . course do not want to get out for the cold one 's neither . then of course the cloud come in ... darrell mop he brow with a greasy rag . it do not so much wipe the sweat as it do streak he forehead with dirt . bobby look , harlin , I have get place to be . darrell darrell -- bobby ok . darrell ... could you just take a look at my radiator hose . it 's bust . darrell be clearly upset at be cut off . he lean into the car and look at the engine . bobby so ? darrell it 's you radiator hose . it 's bust . bobby I know it 's bust . what do I just tell you ? darrell well , you know so much why do not you just fix it yourself ? bobby if I could do you think I would be stand here waste my time . can you fix it , or do I have to go somewhere else ? darrell somewhere else ? mister , somewhere else be fifty mile from here . only other gas station down in town close 3 year ago when the mine get shut ... bobby okay , I be stick . you happy ? now can you fix it , or not ? darrell yeah , I can fix it . bobby great ! darrell gotta run over to the yard and see if I can find a hose like this one , or close enough . gonna take time . bobby how much time ? darrell time . bobby ( rewind he watch ) what time be it now ? darrell twenty -after-ten . bobby Jesus . twenty - after-ten and it must be ninety already . darrell ninety -two . course half hour from now might be seventy - two . this cloud move around a lot . Bobby wipe the bandage hand across he forehead . darrell what happen to you hand ? self -consciously Bobby quickly drop he hand to he side . bobby Accident . darrell you get to be more careful . hand be important . let I show you something . when I be a kid , now I do not know if you can still see it , but I gash my finger in a lawnmower . bobby I be very interested in this but be there someplace ... darrell diner up a piece . not much , but we simple folk like it . bobby I will be back in a couple of hour . and be careful with she , will you ? darrell slam down the hood . darrell just a car . Bobby reach into the car , pull out a small ugly gym bag which he sling onto he shoulder and move to the trunk , pop it open . bobby it 's not just a car . it 's a sixty - four and half mustang convertible . that 's the difference between you and I , and why you live here and I be just pass through . the trunk lid rise in the air , partially block Bobby from darrell , act as a partition between they . bobby now do you mind ? I get to get some stuff out of the trunk . he throw the car key to darrell who take the hint , spit grotesquely into the dirt , scratch he nut , and walk back to the shack . conceal by the trunk lid , Bobby pull out a gun ( a .9 mm black baretta ) , wrap in a t-shirt , from the top of the bag . perhaps we see a flash of green money , lot of it . Sports page and betting sheet be pile inside . with a look around , Bobby take the gun and stashes it underneath the rubber mat in the trunk . briefly we notice a towing rope under the mat . there be a small travel bag , from which he peel a fresh bottle of percodan , quickly take two , as well as the sport page . int . harlin' garage - day darrell watch out of the darken office through the front window , as bobby slam the trunk and start walk down the road , with the bag on he shoulder . ext . desert road - later bobby walk along a dusty patch of road into town past a sign say " superior - home of the golden door retirement community . " as he walk on , a pair of motorcyclers roar past on they harley blankete he in a cloud of dust . he shout after they , but he word be lose under the whine of the cycle engine . ext . superior MAIN STREET - day bobby hit town , such as it be : the freeway leave here a few year back . there be only a few little store : a general store , a catalog outlet , a post office that double as a bus depot . all of they build for the desert heat . the busy spot in town seem to be the truckstop / diner with a few 18 wheeler park outside it . at the corner of one street sit a old blind man dress in raggedy clothes , perhaps a indian . his seeing -eye dog lie next to he . he 's talk to two old men , veteran perhaps , indian or Spanish . they both have miss limb and slide off with furtive alcoholic look as Bobby pass . the blind man yell out in a american indian accent . blind man hey ! you there ! bobby you want something , old man ? blind man do not call I old man . ai not you get no respect , boy ? bobby you want something ? blind man yeah I want something . I want you to run over to that machine and get I a pop . bobby you can not do that yourself ? blind man Hell no , I can not do that myself . I be blind . can not you see that ? bobby I be sorry , I do not -- blind man what would you think I be do out here with this glass on ? sunnin ' myself ? bobby I do not know . I think you be keep the sun out of you eye . blind man I be not get no eye . you want to see ? bobby Christ no ! blind man lose my eye in vyee-et - nam . lose they fight the commy . fought the war and lose my eye fightin' the commy just so you can come around here and make fun of I . bobby I say I be sorry . blind man do not be sorry . just run over there and get I my pop before I die of thirst . bobby yeah , sure . you get change ? blind man Change ? you want my change ? I fight the war and lose my eye just so I could give you my change ? bobby all right , old man . Christ . Bobby walk across the street to a very old soda machine ; it have bottle instead of can . the blind man shout to Bobby . blind man get I a Dr. peppa ! I do not want no colas . colas be not nothing but flavor water . Bobby put change in the machine and pull out a bottle of Dr. pepper . he start back to the blind man . blind man do not forget to open it for I . I can not be open my own bottle . bobby Christ ! Bobby go back to the machine and open the bottle , then walk back to the old man who pour a splash on the ground . blind man a little for mother Earth . I be about fifty percent indian , you know . to all we relation . he take a hearty swig of the soda . blind man ah ! just what I need ! want some ? the blind man hold the bottle out to Bobby . a string of saliva run from he lip to the bottle 's neck . bobby I will pass . Bobby reach down and pet the old man 's dog . fly buzz around both the dog and the blind man . bobby I think you would better give you pooch a sip . he look sick . blind man that 's ' cause he 's dead . Bobby jump back . bobby oh , Jesus . blind man I hope you be not pettin ' he none , be you ? bobby what the hell be you keep a dead dog around for ? blind man he 's only just dead . what be I suppose to do with he ? I can not take he away anywhere . and nobody want to take he for I . do you ? bobby Hell no ! blind man see . ai not nothing I can do but keep he here beside I . that 's where he belong anyways . I and jesse , that 's my dog , not anymore , but I and jesse we be pal since the war when I lose my eye . he be just a pup then ... a companion that 's loyal , that will keep come back to you no matter how much you kick he ... I miss he . ( as Bobby move away ) I will see ya later , unless I come across something worse . Bobby notice a beautiful woman down the street , grace mckenna , compulsively turn and catch up to she . she be dress better than the usual t-shirt and tank top of this town -- perhaps a mail - order dress or a mother 's hand - me-down . with she raven hair and caramel skin , it be obvious she be Native american . her arm be full with a awkward package she can barely manage . bobby can I give you a hand , beautiful ? grace I be just go to my car ? bobby that 's right on my way . grace my mother tell I never to accept offer from stranger . bobby my name be Bobby . now I be not a stranger anymore . see how easy it be for we to get to know each other , beautiful ? grace do you have to call I that ? bobby I do not know you real name . grace maybe I do not want you to . Grace stop walk . bobby maybe , but if you do not I think you would have keep on walk . grace you be pretty full of yourself , be not you ? bobby I like that about I , beautiful . grace it 's Grace . bobby May I carry you package , Grace ? Grace hesitates , then give the package to Bobby . he have trouble with it himself . bobby Jesus . grace you sure you can manage ? bobby I get it . grace do you want I to carry you pack for you ? Bobby blurt out emphatically . bobby no ! he catch himself , and soften a bit . bobby no , I have get it . grace what happen to you hand ? bobby Accident . grace you should be more careful . they start walk towards Grace 's car . grace it 's very nice of you to help I . that package be kind of heavy , and it 's so hot . bobby no trouble at all , really . they get to a car and Bobby put down the package . bobby be not nothing . grace oh , this be not my car . it 's down a way . I should have park closer . I just do not think it would be so heavy . I could drive up . bobby that 's all right . I get it . Bobby take up the package and they begin walk again . the package seem to have gain weight . grace it 's just new drape and curtain rod . if I have know it be go to be so heavy I would have have they deliver up to the house . Bobby struggle with the package . sweat start to sheet he face . bobby ( panting ) that a fact ? grace I just get tired of look at the old drape . my mother make they . have they long as I can remember . you ever see something and just know you have to have it ? bobby ( strain ) yes , I have . grace ' course they cost a little more than I should really be spend . but , damn it , I do not hardly ever do anything nice for myself . I deserve nice thing . bobby ( can hardly talk ) I ... can not ... argue ... they arrive at a jeep sahara . grace this be it . Bobby practically drop the package . he be cover with sweat . grace thank you , Bobby . bobby you be welcome , Grace . grace you be not from around here , be you ? bobby why you say that ? just because I help a lady with she package ? grace you do not have that dead look in you eye like the only thing you live for be to get through the day . bobby I just drive in this morning . grace drive into Superior ? what for ? bobby do not have a choice . my car overheate up the road . grace you be lucky you do not break down in the desert . Day like today , you would be dead in no time . when you leave ? bobby not until my car 's fix . I do not know how long that 's go to take . grace and here I have make you all hot and sweaty . Grace step to Bobby and place she hand against he chest . she rub away some of the sweat . they look at each other a beat . a police car , see earlier , pull up beside they from behind and idle . sheriff virgil potter be a weathered , handsome , middle - age man with suspicious eye , black haire in contrast to Bobby 's sandiness . sheriff Morning Grace . grace Morning sheriff . get my drape . sheriff well it 's about time . look like you find yourself a helper too . Bobby want to shrink behind the drape . grace well , he offer , and I just could not refuse . his car overheate . sheriff oh ? Bobby turn to the sheriff and force a smile . bobby Morning , officer . sheriff son. ( beat , to Grace ) Little excitement out at the reservation this morning . Wayne and Dale elkhart be up drink all night and then Wayne start chase Dale around the desert with he shotgun . bia handle it . I go by for backup . grace anybody hurt ? sheriff Hell , no . that Wayne can not shoot when he 's sober , much less drunk . he 's lucky he do not kill he own dange self . ( beat ) well , anyhow , you stay cool . Nice meeting you , son . bobby same here , officer . the sheriff drive on . pause . they look at each other . grace well , I guess I could use some help get this box into the house . not far . you could shower , get something cool to drink . Bobby consider the offer , but there 's not much consider to do . bobby well , I could use something cool . ext . desert road - day bobby ride along with grace in she jeep . grace where you come from ? bobby all over . Chicago , Houston , Detroit . just lately Dallas . grace you have be around . bobby I guess I have get wander in my blood . grace where you head ? bobby I do not know . I have to make a stop in Vegas . Business to finish . then maybe I will head to Santa Barbara . I might be able to pick up some action there . grace so , what be it you do , mister ...? bobby Cooper . Bobby Cooper . oh you know , whatever pay best . Little bartend , use to teach tennis , play a little competition ... ( drop it ) . grace I never play tennis . you just travel around Bobby - - no direction , no steady work . you must like take chance . bobby if you be go to gamble , might as well play for high stake . grace what happen when you lose ? bobby I pack up and go somewhere else . grace ( wistfully ) somewhere else . I have never be anywhere else . just once . year ago . go to the State Fair . it be nice , but it be not nothing . bobby I could not stay in this place . I would not . I would just pick up , do whatever I have to do , and get out . Grace look to Bobby and smile . grace sometimes I feel the exact same way . int . grace's bedroom / bathroom - later - day bobby , naked , step into the shower and turn on the water . it shoot from the shower head and cascade over he body . as the water fall over he we hear a Russian accented voice : voice ( v.o. ) I want my money . Bobby press he leave hand against the white tile to steady himself . his hand be curl in such a way we can not see he pinky or ring finger . Bobby lean back in the shower . just as he do : ext . alley - night it be raining hard . match the backwards motion of the last scene bobby be throw violently against a brick wall , face out . voice ( v.o. ) I want my money . bobby look , I will get the money ! you do not want to do this ! voice ( v.o. ) take two for now . one a week , punk ... Bobby be be press against the wall by two muscular goons . another man stand partially hide behind the goon 's frame . with one hand one goon flatten Bobby 's hand against the brick , with he other he clip two finger off with a garden shear . we see Bobby 's face in agonizing pain , then he slide scream to the ground until he be frame between the leg of the man . as Bobby clutches he leave hand the rainwater run in streak down he ashen , blank face . int . grace's bedroom / bathroom - moment later we see bobby 's face relive the experience as once again we hear the voice . voice ( v.o. ) two week , asshole . get the money or you gonna lose you nose and ear . Bobby have slump to the floor of the shower , look to he leave hand , almost cry , unable to tolerate it . as a streak of blood snake down the white tile we see that the pinky and ring finger have be cut off at the joint . int . grace's bedroom / bathroom - day bobby , he hand rebandage , be put on he clothes . bobby ( to himself ) you be still lucky . as he do he look at himself in the mirror . he bend to pick up he shirt which be drape over the gym bag . as he lift it we can see , perhaps more closely than at the garage , that the bag be 3 / 4 fill with money . he close the bag and stand . in the mirror , hide in the doorway , he see grace watch he . Bobby slow perceptibly , but do not try to hide himself . after a moment Grace walk into the room carry a glass of lemonade . grace think you might like a refill on you lemonade . Bobby take the lemonade and drink it down . he rub the glass against he forehead . bobby that 's good . cool you right off . ( tentatively ) I see you watch I . grace I be sorry . I do not mean to . bobby I do not say it bother I . grace do you like it ; I watch you ? bobby I guess . I have get a ego same as any man . grace good , ' cause I like what I see . Bobby give a smile as devilish as it be pleasant . Grace slide a ice cube from the glass between she lip . he notice a frame picture of grace and a older man . bobby Nice place . grace thank you . Grace sit on the edge of the bed . Bobby indicate the picture , ironic . bobby who 's that , you father ? grace ( without much think ) stepfather ... bobby ( coy ) get a boyfriend ? grace no . not really . Bobby sense she 's lie but play along . bobby must get kind of lonely for a woman live by herself in a big house . grace I guess it must . bobby what do you do anyway ? grace a little of this , a little of that . mostly I tell fortune . bobby where would you learn to do that ? grace from my father . he be the tribe 's shaman . bobby a medicine man ? grace that be white word , not ours . bobby Nice house for a shaman 's daughter . you must be good . grace come here . Bobby go to Grace and kneel before she . she take he head in she hand and look deep into he eye . her voice go thick , but soft , like a morning fog . grace there 's something in you past ; something you want to keep hide . there 's a pain . something ... someone you can not forget . and there be something you want very badly . it seem very far away to you , but you be determine , and you will do what you must to get it . Bobby close he hand on Grace 's and take they from he face . he be more than slightly spook by the accuracy of Grace 's read . bobby my face tell you all that ? grace it tell I what every face tell I . everybody have a past , they have a pain , and they have something they want . ( seductively ) what be it you want ? bobby the same thing you do . they silently stare into each other 's eye . grace really ? I want to hang drape . Grace walk from the room . for a moment Bobby stare after she . he take a ice cube from he glass and crunch it in he tooth . int . grace's live room - day grace be stand on a step ladder try to hang the drape . bobby notice a photo of Grace with a older indian woman , she mother ? grace hold I . Bobby stand behind she , gently place he hand on Grace 's waist . grace tighter . I will not break . you know girl be a lot tougher than man think . Bobby hold she tighter as she finish hang the drape . his eye be transfix on she ass . grace there . all do . lift I down . bobby what ? grace lift I down . Bobby lift Grace down from the ladder . he hold she , he hand around she waist . grace you can let go of I now . I be safe . ( with a wick smile ) how do they look ? bobby like you . grace beautiful ? bobby ( kid ) like they be make of polyester . grace I like they . I be sick of look at this room . I think they add a little life . bobby nothing like a little liveliness . with a sexy pout Grace load the next question . grace no more drape to hang . now what should we do ? bobby I have a idea . grace and what would that be ? Bobby step close to Grace and take she by the shoulder . he pull she to he and press he lip hard to hers . Grace do not respond . bobby all right , Grace . no more game . grace ( innocently ) Games ? bobby you flirt with I , then you run cold . you lead I on , then slap I down . I do not go for be jerk around . grace really ? and what game do you want to play ? you carry my box for I , and I fall into bed with you ? Bobby grab up he pack . bobby I think I can find my own way back to into town . grace maybe I like to find out about a man first . maybe I like to know what he 's make of . bobby I be just flesh and blood , baby . that and a few memory of bad woman ; just like most guy . but you already know that . you read my mind , remember ? thanks for the lemonade . Bobby turn to leave . grace you never do answer my question . bobby still play ? grace that 's not a answer . what be it you want ? bobby you know what I want . grace maybe I just want to hear you say it . for a beat Bobby stand and stare hard at Grace . his pack slide from he shoulder and thud on the floor . with great determination , like a beast close for the kill , Bobby move for she . Grace stand firm , ready for he ; she head tilt back . her breath come deep and hard . just as Bobby be about to reach she , just as he be about to take she , he be stop dead by the booming voice of jake mckenna . jake ( o.s. ) Grace ! Bobby turn to face Jake : a older man , still large and formidable for he age . grace ( nonpluss ) Jake . I think you ... jake who the hell be this !? bobby who the hell be you ? jake I be she husband . bobby ( shocked whisper ) husband ...? jake now who the hell be you , and it better be good , or God help I I will break you in half . bobby easy , chief . I ... I be help you wife . I meet she in town . she need a hand with she drape . that 's all . jake do not much look like you be hang drape . bobby I swear to you that 's all that happen . I have not so much as set foot in you bedroom . jake a lot that mean . bobby Grace , tell he . Grace say nothing . she pick up a glass of lemonade and sip at it coolly . bobby damn it , Grace ! tell he . grace ( coyly ) if he say that 's what happen , Jake , it must be true . jake oh yeah , and I suppose you do not have anything to do with it Grace , he just wander up here by hisself . I get a mind to put you over my knee and paddle you ass raw ! bobby ( to Grace ) you bitch ! be this what it 's all about ? you sucker I up here so you can watch the two of we beat the shit out of each other over you ? you both ... forget it ! ( head for the door ) jake where you go ! bobby ( exite ) ' scuse I , you want to take my head off , mister . I will not even try to stop you . I deserve it for be a idiot . but if you be not , I think I will be on my way ... ow ! Jake punch he in the nose . jake you can not just walk in here and walk out , you sonufabitch ! I be gonna tear you a new asshole ! bobby you break my nose ! jake it be not break . it probably be not , but it bleed . Bobby feel the blood and then see it on he shirt . bobby goddamn it ! I be ... you be lucky I do not sue you . jake ( open the door ) get goin ' junior . Bobby glare back at Grace who give he a madden little smile . bobby you people be crazy ! he storm out hold he nose . ext . desert road - later - day bobby , hold a handkerchief to he nose which have stop bleed , haul he bag on he shoulder , walk back to town along the side of the road . already he be cake with a mixture of sweat and dust , look up at the relentless sun that beat down on he . bobby fuckin ' shithole ! a cadillac slow beside he , jake drive . bobby what the fuck do you want ? jake I will give you a lift , son . too hot to be walk ... people die out here , y'know . Bobby continue walk . jake aw , you be not still upset about that love tap , be you ? if I mean you real trouble , I would have give it to you by now . get in , lad . come on . get in . Bobby get in . jake after you huffed off , Grace lie so bad , I get so piss off , I pull down she pants to paddle she ass raw and finger - fuck it instead . sorry I lose my cool like that . it 's a funny thing , woman . bobby yeah ... jake say , what happen to you hand ? bobby Accident . jake you have get to be -- bobby yeah , I know . more careful . jake I guess we have never be introduce proper . Jake mckenna . bobby that 's a solid name . jake I be a solid man . bobby Bobby Cooper . jake " Bobby Cooper . " what bring you to Superior , coop ? bobby a overheate car . jake oh ? darrell take good care of you ? bobby darrell 's a moron . jake ( laugh ) yeah , he sure be a character . you need any help with that car now ?... where you head ? bobby California ... jake live there ? bobby get work . I know a man who 's get a boat . want I to sail it for he . jake you a sailor man ? that would be the life . drive across the country , step on a boat and just sail away . a man could pretty well disappear like that . just sail away until all he be be a memory . I guess a little place like this would just be a dot on a map to you after awhile . bobby I hope so . ( beat ) listen , mckenna about you wife : if I have know she be marry -- jake it would not have make a difference to you , now would it ? not a wit . do you know why ? because you be a man without scruples . bobby wait a second -- jake ah , I can smell it on you . Jake wipe he hand across the back of Bobby 's neck and hold it to he nose . bobby hey ! jake that 's the sweat of a man who have not a honest bone in he body . do not be offended , lad . a man who 's get no ethic be a free man . I envy that . beside , how can I blame you ? that Grace sure have a mind of she own , and a body to match , do not she ? eh ? Jake nudge Bobby who smile a nervous smile . jake she do at that . I know when I marry she she be a free spirit . a woman with she look and a man my age ; what be I to expect ? but you see a woman like that in a town like this and you do not think , you do . so , I marry she . what be you to do , eh? woman . bobby can not live with they , and you can not shoot them . Jake look at Bobby , he lip curl into a sly smile . jake " you can not shoot them ! " I like that . ( laugh ) I bet she lead you on good , do not she ? take you up to the house to hang drape . oh that 's a good one . Bet she have you hard as a rock wiggling she ass in you face . I bet you just want to pull down she pants and hog she out . then I busting in like some wild bear . ha ! Bet you have a fire go under you . bobby like you do not know . jake mad like a dog in heat , I bet you be . I can tell you get a temper on you . Bobby give a little laugh . jake Bet you just want to snap she neck right then , do not you ? Bet you just want to kill she . Bobby start to laugh heartily . Jake join in , then stop abruptly . jake would you ? bobby would I what ? jake would you kill she ? Bobby start to laugh . Bobby stop laugh . jake because I be sick and tired of she little game . because you could do it and drift away on you boat and no one would ever see you again . because I have get a fifty - thousand dollar life insurance policy on she , and I would be more than happy to give the man who do she in a good chunk of it . for a moment Bobby sit in silence not sure of what to make of the offer . bobby I have do a few thing but I be not a murderer , Mr. mckenna . jake how do you know if you have never try ? bobby this be a joke , right ? you just want to rattle I . right ? they reach town and Jake stop the car near a small grocery store . jake that 's right . nothing but a joke . that 's all . Bobby get out of the car . with a big smile Jake say : jake enjoy you stay , lad . Jake speed away . Bobby look after he . bobby who be this people ? int . SMALL grocery store - later the store be small and dark and empty save for a tiny , older mexican woman who be behind the counter . bobby enter . bobby get any cold soda ? woman eh ? bobby soda . you get any soda ? woman hablar slowly , por favor . my ingle no es bien . bobby soda . you know . Bobby cup he hand and bring it to he mouth pantomime . woman oh. something to eat . si. she hold up a pack of twinkies . bobby not eat . drink . what the fuck be drink in Spanish ... uh , agua ? the old woman 's eye widen . she start to scream , but quickly clamp she hand over she mouth . for a moment Bobby think the woman be scream at what he have say . then , as if he feel a presence behind he , Bobby turn slowly to face the two tough -look , unshaven , tattoo - cover biker . one hold a gun . biker that 's right , lady . keep it in you and nobody get hurt . that go for you too , stud . gimmie the money . now ! woman eh ? second biker the dinero , senora . Hand it over . Bobby shift he weight try to hide he pack behind he back . the woman go to a old - fashioned cash register and ring it open . she hand the money to the biker . biker that 's it ? Lady , I get kid to put through school . woman es all I have . the biker turn to Bobby . biker okay , pal . whatcha get ? give it , now . Bobby pull a thick wad of cash ( $ 1,000 plus ) from he pant pocket , toss it on the counter . biker ( thumbing through it , impressed ) Nice ... just who be you beautiful ? what else you get for papa ? Bobby make a show of pull out he wallet , fling it to he . biker better ... you be get tasty . now toss the bag , sweetie . bobby it 's just book . biker I be a reader . toss it . bobby ( a entreaty ) it 's personal thing ... family thing . biker how touch ... I like family value . give it to I . Bobby take a unsteady breath . bobby no . biker no ? second biker hey man , forget it . come on . biker no ? woman senor , give he the bag . biker that 's all right . he do not want to give I the bag ... second biker he 's fuck with you man . shoot he . biker ( cont would ) ...he do not have to give I the bag . the biker grab Bobby 's bag . Bobby flinch in anticipation of a shot but refuse to let go of the bag . the biker swing the gun hard , clipping Bobby across the forehead . Bobby fall against the counter and to the floor . the woman start to scream . the biker grab up the pack , then , look back at the woman , see a ring on she finger . he grab she hand and pull at the ring . the woman scream wildly . second biker let 's go , man . biker a little extra never hurt , benji , would you just relax . woman no ! no ! my wedding ring . he pull the ring from the woman 's finger and push she back . with Bobby 's bag sling over he shoulder he turn to leave . biker now we go . woman you go to El Diablo ! from beneath the counter the woman pull a shotgun . the woman fire a shot that rip through the bag and into the back of the biker . he fall to the ground , very dead , amid a shower of blood and shred money . second biker bugger ! you bitch ! the second biker now see the money float all over the place out of the tear bag . his eye go big with greed as he fire at the old woman , who duck behind the counter . the biker grab for the bag and what 's leave of the money , not expect the feisty old lady to pop up and unload she second blast into he and the bag . whatever be leave of the money on the first round be now go to shred along with the bag and the biker who be very dead . Bobby be staggered , crawl towards the shred . woman ( cursing in Spanish ) hijos de puta . bayan a comer su propia mierda en el infierno . ( translation : son of bitch . go eat you own shit in hell ) . she come around the counter to he side as he grab he wallet and the $ 1000 cash roll from the dead biker 's pants . woman I call the sheriff . bobby no ! no police . Bobby give she a hundred dollar . woman a hundred dollar ? no police ? Bobby give she some more cash . she look at he . finally he give she the entire wad . bobby no police until I leave . Bobby stumble from the store as the screen burn a bright white . fade to : ext . STREET - later bobby , daze and hold he head , sit on the ground next to a spigot that be drip water . he cup he hand under the water and splashes it against he face , lightly wiping the cut above he eye . the sheriff' car go wail by on the main drag . recoil from be spot , Bobby try to take another drink . a scorpion crawl out of the faucet . he jump back . ext . harlin' garage - later darrell be lean under the hood of a car work on its engine as bobby walk up . bobby hey . darrell hey , you ... what the hell happen to you ? bobby nothing . darrell do not look like nothing . bobby just bang my head . it be a accident . darrell another accident ? you get to be more careful . Bobby roll he eye . then notice the front fender have be remove . bobby what the hell happen to my car ? darrell bottom hose be shot too . rotted clear through . have to put a new one in . run like a dream now . bobby ( suspicious ) how much ? darrell well ... you get you part , you get you labour ... let 's call it a hundred - fifty buck . bobby how much !? darrell hundre -fifty . bobby to replace a goddamn radiator hose !? darrell a goddamn radiator hose in a sixty - four-and - a-half mustang . you know how long it take I to find that hose ? bobby about a hour and a half , because that 's all the longer I have be go . darrell actually , it 's be about three hour . you be the one think that car 's so damn fancy . what you expect but fancy damn price ? bobby that 's a Ford , not a Ferrari . you go to tell I no one else in this shit hole drive a Ford ? darrell " that 's not just a Ford , that 's a sixty - four-and - a-half mustang . " bobby what 's that get to do with the radiator hose ? darrell I do not know , but " it 's the reason I be live here and you be just pass through . " now you owe I a hundred - fifty dollar . bobby it might as well be fifteen-hundred dollar , because I do not have the money . darrell then you be not gonna have the car . bobby listen , man . I get roll half a hour ago for everything I have . Bobby dig through he bloody wallet , try to hide it from darrell . he fish out a five dollar bill . then dig out a bloody one dollar bill from he pocket . bobby I have get five ... six dollar . darrell snatch the five from he and add it to a thick wad of greasy bill he carry in he overall . darrell then you be only a hundred - forty - five in the hole . you can keep that dollar . now why do not you just take you american Express gold Card , and call that guy with the big schnooz on tv and have he send you the money lickity split . bobby I do not have a goddamn credit card . darrell now that 's too bad . I sure hope you know how to wash dish or shovel shit ' cause you be gonna have to work this one off . Bobby proffer he movado watch . bobby look , I get a movado . it 's worth at least seven , eight hundred . you could sell it for that . darrell ( study it ) who the hell to ? shit , can not see no number . bobby you do not need number . that 's why it 's expensive . look at the gold . darrell doubt that , shake he head . darrell ... get no day , get no date . probably be not worth a duck 's fart ( proffer he own watch ) . this one here cost I $ 3.75 and it 's get every doodad you can imagine . no sir I will stick with this ( walk away ) . bobby you son of a bitch ! I will have my lawyer shut you down . darrell you be not get no credit card but you get a lawyer . sweet talk I all you want . do not you read the sign ? it say ... bobby what sign ? fuck the sign . I want my car . darrell I want my hundred and forty - five dollar . Bobby stand he ground for a moment as if decide whether or not to fight for the car , then wheel and walk away . darrell look at he , smirk . int . truck stop / diner - later it be a little wear diner - type stop one would find on most any open road : counter with stool , laminate menus , a wurlitzer in the corner belching out country tune . Business be slow but it 's the only restaurant in town . there be a short order cook in the kitchen , and flo , a hard - look waitress be behind the counter . a couple of regular driver , ed and boyd , be seat on the stool , boyd be flipping a coin . ed one-hundred - thirteen degree . that be back in July of forty - seven . that afternoon it drop down to forty three ! true story . boyd one time last year I remember it go from 98 to 23 same day . wind , black cloud come out like ... bobby come out of the men' room and sit at the end of the counter . he have clean himself up a bit but still look like a mess . he bury he face in the menu . bobby you get a beer ? flo what kind ? bobby beck 's . flo no beck . A-1 , coor ... bobby Heineken ? flo no , we be not get no Heineken . we get Miller . bobby genuine draft ? flo no. just plain ol ' Miller . now you can fuckin ' take it or you can fuckin ' leave it . bobby I will fuckin ' take it . to go . short order cook flo , cheeseburger bleedin' . flo I will be right back with that beer . flo move off . bobby ... and a waitress name flo. Christ . as Bobby stare at the money on the counter in front of he , he hear , from somewhere outside the diner , the sound of a police radio crackle . he now feel something against he foot . he look down and see a cat rub against he leg . he give it a good kick send it slide across the floor with a screech . bobby Fucking cat . in the background , two teenager sit at a booth . toby look the part of a local , wear jeans and a white T-shirt . his hair be cropped close and he look to be a senior in high school . his girl , jenny , be nondescript , neither ugly nor beautiful . she be the kind of girl most guy would pass without a second look . Toby get up from he booth and go to the bathroom . after he be go Jenny walk to Bobby . jenny hey , mister . you gotta quarter for the juke ? bobby what ? jenny I wanna play a song on the juke . you get a quarter ? Bobby look at Jenny , then pick a quarter from he winning and flip it to she . he can not resist put a little charm into it . jenny what happen to you hand ? bobby I cut it shave ; I know , I gotta be more careful . jenny get any request ? bobby that country shit all sound the same to I . jenny how about I pick one out for you ? Bobby half smile . Jenny play a song . patsy cline 's " you cheatin ' heart . " Jenny take up a stool next to Bobby 's . jenny you like patsy cline ? I just love she . how come , I wonder , she do not put out no more new record . bobby Cause she 's dead . jenny gee , that 's sad . do not that make you sad ? bobby I have have time to get over it . jenny you be not from around here , be you ? where you from ? bobby Oz . jenny you be not from Oz . Oz be in that movie . bobby you be too quick for I . Toby walk back into the room . he look at Jenny . he look at Bobby . he look at Jenny talk to Bobby . he lose it . toby no .... no .... no I be see but I be not believin ' ... stop the wedding . this can not be . hey ! what be you do with my girl ? Bobby say nothing , ignore Toby . toby I axed you a question . jenny aw , Toby , we be not do nothing . we be just talk . toby you shut you mouth , girl , and get back over to we table . ( to Bobby ) now , I be not go to axe you again , mister . what be you do with my girl ? bobby I be not do anything . toby that 's not the way it look to I . look to I like you be try to make time with she . bobby make time ? be everybody in this town on drug ? jenny honest , Toby . I just axed he for a quarter for the jukebox . toby stay out of this , Jenny . we get man 's business to take care of . I be not never take no drug , mister , and ... bobby then maybe you should have . look , pal , I be not make a play for you girl . toby you expect I to believe that ? bobby I do not care what you believe as long as you leave I alone . toby mister , I be call you out . bobby what ? you want to fight ? over she ? Bobby look Jenny over . flo Toby , you go finish you soda and leave the man alone . toby ( to Bobby ) you know who I be ? Toby n. tucker . everyone round here call I tnt . you know why ? bobby let 's see ... they be not very imaginative ? toby ' Cause I be just like dynamite . and when I go off , somebody get hurt . bobby Fine . I be make time with you girl . now I be scared to death and I learn my lesson . now can you go away ? toby not before I settle with you , chickenshit ! bobby Christ , I do not believe this ! toby stand up . bobby I be not hit on you girl ! toby stand up , mister , or I will beat you where you sit . Bobby sit for a beat . he do not need a fight with Toby now with he damage hand nor do he need to be notice either . he sit there . flo Toby , you stop it now ! can not you see he 's get a hurt hand ? toby do not you never mind , flo . this be gonna be over real quick . reluctantly Bobby rise , face off against Toby , each clenching they fist and wait for the other to make the first move . the tension build . we see it on the face of Jenny , flo and the regular . just then the record on the juke end and the needle scratch off . there be the crackle of a police radio as the door to the diner open and sheriff virgil potter walk in . the tension ease . Toby , mindful of the sheriff , step closer to Bobby and whisper menacingly into he ear . toby you be lucky , mister . do not think it 's over . I call you out and I be gonna see this through . you hear I ? ( to Jenny ) come on , girl . I get half a mind to make you walk home . Toby take Jenny by the arm and pull she out of the diner . flo my lord , that little baby of yours Virgil , have get cuter and a bunny 's nose . sheriff what be that all about ? flo you know how that Toby be . thinks every man he see be after he Jenny . sheriff more like Jenny be after every man she see . flo ( to Bobby ) you pay Toby no mind . he just like to show off for he girl . give he a couple of hour , he will cool off . still want that beer ? bobby ( tense , see the sheriff ) I will take it to go . Bobby hold he hand to he face to cover the cut on he forehead . ed how 's it with you , sheriff ? sheriff already start out bad . couple of biker from out of town try to knock over jamilla 's grocery store this morning . it be a real shootout . boyd what happen ? sheriff the old witch kill them both . ed Holy shit ! flo poor thing . be she all right ? sheriff sure , when the son of bitch try to steal she wedding ring . that 's when she start shoot . can not blame she . the ring be all carlos leave she when he die . store 's a mess . boyd it 's the desert . that 's what it be . the desert make everybody crazy . ai not that right , sheriff ? people go crazy out here . ed come on , boyd . I have get to make track . that yogurt 's get to make Santa Fe before it spoil . boyd Dr. pepper do not have that problem . Ed and boyd toss a few bill on the counter and exit . flo stand near the cash register with Bobby 's beer . flo I can not open off - sale for you , sugar . Bobby pay for the beer ( $ 1.75 ) . flo open the register . flo let I get you change . sheriff flo , I be just gonna help myself to a refill on the coffee . the sheriff reach around the counter for the pot . flo you be careful now , Virgil . just as the word leave flo 's mouth the sheriff spill the pot . it shatter against the floor spilling hot coffee everywhere . flo run over to he . sheriff Son of a bitch ! flo Virgil ! now look at what you do ! be you all right ? sheriff I think I burn my gun hand ! as flo bend to wipe the counter , Virgil touch she intimately . sheriff ( cont would ) how ' bout we put something soft on it later ? ( a look ) flo ( quietly ) I could put some butter on it , ho and . ( her normal abrasive voice ) it would serve you right , you asshole . put it under some cold water . Joe , run get a mop and clean this fuckin ' mess up . while everyone be distract Bobby notice that the register drawer have be leave open . he look around to make sure he be not be watch . slowly he ease he hand towards the drawer . it get closer and closer . as he be about to grab the money there , the cat - the same one he kick away earlier - hiss and claw at he hand . Bobby jump back startle . flo shasta ! now why would you go and scare the nice man like that ? sorry about that , mister . let 's see , you want $ 3.25 . ( give it to he ) you try to have a nice day now , would you ? bobby sure , I will try . with the sheriff occupy , and the mexican Jose mop the floor , Bobby exit . ext . phone booth - STREET - day bobby beg on the phone . bobby cici ? cici , it 's Bobby ... Bobby Cooper ... yeah , look , I know it 's be a while , but I be kind of in a jam ... yeah ... one -hundre - fifty dollar ... that 's a lie . I call you on you birthday .. two year ago ... I can not help it if you do not get the message . cici , honey , I do not want to argue . I need you to wire I the money ... because they be fuck go to kill I ! I do not steal you CD 's ... yeah , well where 's my Mr. coffee . cici ... cici ... Bobby slam the phone . bobby bitch . cunt . jump CUT to : ext . same phone booth - STREET - day bobby be on another call , circle a local sport page betting line . bobby 73 - 11 , this be Pluto . what 's the line on Dallas ? gambler' voice Pluto . Fucking deadbeat . we head about you . you owe " the commie " 13 dime , why you tryin ' to get in my office ? lose this fuckin ' number . bobby Mike ... Mike ... you asshole . gambler' voice Mike who ? ( hang up ) Bobby , frustrated , click off . jump CUT to : int . mr. arkady' office - day it be the kind of cheesy , temporary office one would expect to find in a Las Vegas apartment building overlook the downtown strip . mr. arkady , dress in a silk suit with conspicuous jewelry , sit behind he desk eat lunch and clean he nail . sergei , he goon in a shiny polyester shirt , hover over he boss help feed and manicure he . this be the two men from Bobby 's earlier flashback . they be dangerous in a endear way . sergei answer the phone . in the background be a very voluptuous female , obviously from the Middle East . sofia . sergei Da ? mr. arkady sergei , what be you , a neanderthal ? how many time do I have to tell you ? you answer a phone " hello , " not " da . " sergei ( nod yes ) sorry , Mr. arkady . ( into phone ) " hello ? " operator ( v.o. ) I have a collect call from Bobby Cooper . will you accept the charge ? sergei Mr. arkady , deadbeat Cooper 's call . Mr. arkady do not acknowledge he . sergei he 's call collect . at this Mr. arkady 's head spring up . he snatch the phone from sergei . mr. arkady ( overly sweet ) Bobby , what a surprise . I expect to be see you , not talk to you over the phone . intercut to : ext . phone booth - STREET bobby on the phone . bobby I know , Mr. arkadin . I know . I be on my way to you , it 's just ... what a day I have have . I know I be come up with a highly improbable story , and I know you be not go to believe this , but this ...is ... what happen . I have the money , I swear I have it . I be on my way to Vegas when my car break down in the middle of nowhere . Mr. arkady clean he nail completely disinterested in what Bobby be say . mr. arkady that 's a shame , Bobby . a real shame . bobby and that 's not the half of it , Mr. arkadin ... mr. arkady " arkady " bobby right , Mr. arkady . and that 's not the half of it . I get you money , and I go into this little grocery store in this hicktown to get something to eat and then ... well , it get rob ! mr. arkady ... and let I guess . this robber -- he get you money . bobby no . two of they . two robber . and they both get nail ... get shot by the old lady . mr. arkady the old lady ? bobby with a shotgun ! she kill both of them , and ... and the money in my bag get all shred to bloody piece . not one bill be leave alive . I mean , what be the odd ? mr. arkady ( beat , dry ) pretty long , Bobby . bobby Mr. arkady , honest , I ad to beat it outta there before the cop show . so now I do not have a cent to my name . I can not even get my car out of the garage . I tell you , mister ... ( pause ) if it be not for bad luck I would not have nay fuckin ' luck at all , you know ? ( beat , wait ) so , I be wonder if you could wire I a hundred fifty - dollar so I could get my car out of this garage , see ? the bus depot here have a western Union thing . and of course I will pay it back with the rest of the money . mr. arkady ( v.o. ) which you do not have . bobby but which I can get . no problem . look , I can sell my car in Vegas . Blue book it 's worth 16 at least . I just need the 150 , uh ... sergei look like he 's ready to pound head . mr. arkady ( pause ) where be you ? bobby ( hopeful ) uh...a little shithole in Arizona call Superior . about 200 mile east of Phoenix . mr. arkady ( pause , v.o. ) Superior , hunh ? Bobby suddenly feel suspicious . bobby ( v.o. ) yeah , if you could send it care of ... mr. arkady ... now , let I get this straight . two year you give I problem with you fuckin ' payoff . now you owe I thirteen - thousand dollar , you call I - collect - then ask I to wire you one- hundred - fifty dollar just so you can get you car fix . bobby ( v.o. ) a hundred - forty - five would probably cover it . mr. arkady a hundred and ... now you listen to I you deadbeat little punk : I do not care if you get hit by a truck and run over by a steamroller . you owe I thirteen - thousand dollar and I want it . I do not care how you get it , or where from , but I want it on my desk tomorrow , or I will show you what real bad luck be . sergei snap a pencil he 's hold in he hand , which go fly by arkady 's head , force he to duck . mr. arkady do you understand I you little fuck ? bobby ( snap ) oh , fuck you too ! mr. arkady what would you say to I ! bobby shit I be sorry !... you can not believe the strain I be under . I be just under a lot of strain here . there be a sharp silence at the other end . Bobby wait . mr. arkady Bobby , you owed I that ' bread ' 4 week ago . now you tell I you want another week . that 's 5 week , Bobby . that 's also 5 finger , cause you and I know it 's a finger a week Bobby . so you get ball . good -- now you come here tomorrow and you talk to I real nice and maybe I do not take the other 3 finger you owe I , you see ? tomorrow -- and Bobby , do not make I come look for you , okay ... have nice day . he hand the phone back to sergei . sergei ( into phone ) you get that ? -- have nice day ( hang up ) . mr. arkady the nerva that piece of shit ! and look at you , you neanderthal -- do not you fuckin ' break pencil , you goombah ! sofia finger ? what be you , a faggot ? in my country a man do not pay we cut off he head . arkady motion sergei to come close . mr. arkady get you ass down to this Superior , Arizona . bring I this Bobby Cooper . I do not think he get the lesson . this be you last chance , sergei . sergei da. ext . STREET - day bobby , desperate , stare at the bandage of he wounded hand . it throbs , hold the hand to he ear . we hear a operator' voice : operator ( v.o. ) hello ? bobby hello ? operator ( v.o . ) be you finish with you call ? bobby yeah . operator ( v.o. ) please deposit a additional seventy - five cent . Bobby slam the phone against the hook . bobby goddamn rat 's ass fuck ! shit ! damn ! damn ! damn ! he march from the phone booth , past a old hardware store . the phone fall from the hook and we hear a record voice : voice ( v.o. ) thank you for use at&amp ; T. in the store window , Bobby notice a set of garden shear for sale . ext . empty STREET - later day bobby walk a bit go nowhere in particular . look at he watch think of Mr. arkady , he shield himself with one hand from the sun . at the side of a old building , in the bit of shade it throw , he twist at the beer cap which stick and will not turn . Bobby try again twist harder -- too hard -- as the cap jerkily twist off , cut into he hand as it rotate . Bobby yell in pain . at the same time the beer come foam from the bottle and spill onto he sleeve . the bottle slip from he wet finger and crash on the ground , empty . he clutches he bleed hand , piss . bobby fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! I hate this fuckin ' town ! I hate it ! do you hear I ? ( no answer ) get I outta here , please . I gotta get out of this place . as if in answer , a jeep drive by on the main street . grace look pretty hot up there in the driver 's seat , she eye , behind sunglass , flick over he but not acknowledge he as she keep go . Bobby 's eye throw back he own hostility at she , but unfortunately she miss it , as he now notice -- across the street -- a well - keep building with the most modern decor and signage , read " mckenna 's Realty co . " he think about it , in a quandary . ext . highway / car - day in a rent convertible , we now see sergei racing across the desert . his jacket off , a man with a mission . he glance at he watch , eager to get to this " fuck hole in the wall " which be somewhere on this incomprehensible american map he hold in one hand . int . jake' realty office - day bobby squat , look at a real estate model of a desert development . jake smile . jake what can I do for you , lad ? bobby I be hope we could talk . jake talk ? about what ? bobby about thing . about you wife . jake sweet Grace ? what about she ? bobby about what you say this morning . Jake shake he head as if he do not understand . bobby you say you have a insurance policy out on you wife . fifty -thousand dollar . jake I do . bobby you say you would cut that up with the man who do she in . jake I do ? bobby do not play simple with I , Jake . you be a betting man . you want I to spell it out for you ? I will kill Grace if you cut I in on the money . jake Boy I think this heat 's get to you the way you be rambling on . bobby I be not rambling . jake you be talk like a madman . bobby well then , I guess that qualify I for citizenship in this town . you be the one bring it up . this morning . in you car . jake oh , that be just loose talk . husband gettin ' piss off . I do not want anybody dead . bobby bullshit . you want I to kill she . jake a man do not always mean the thing he say . bobby you mean it . jake what make you say that ? bobby because you be a slimy bastard who would have he wife kill just to get he hand on some money . jake and what do that make you ? bobby the slimy bastard who 's go to do it for you ... ( pause ) you be a jealous man Jake . if you can not have Grace to yourself ... well , you be not the share kind . for a moment Jake stare quietly at Bobby . jake well , I guess I have what you call a love-hate relationship with Grace . bobby you love she , but you hate she ? jake no , I hate loving she . I hate the kind of person she be . I hate have to tolerate the little " game " she play . like fuck half of the town behind my back and laugh at I . the bitch . she love to play . she want I to hit she and when I hit she she like it . she torture I . but she 's family . she 's my little girl . my baby . I could not stand to watch she eye roll back in she head as she suck she last breath , or to see she pretty pink brain spill from she skull . no. not I . but you ? you get the kill in you , boy ... how much you want ? a pause . bobby make it twenty . jake ( stress , pace ) twenty -thousand ? I do not have that kind of money . I will not get the insurance until month after she 's dead . I do not imagine you will want to be stickin ' around after poor Grace 's demise . twenty - thousand ; that 's more money than I could ever get my hand on . bobby how much could you get ? jake maybe ... ten -thousand . and that 's a maybe . bobby I need thirteen . jake that 's a bit much . bobby we be not talk about buy a car Jake . we be talk about kill you wife . it 's thirteen , or it 's nothing . for a moment the two man stand silent . all we hear be the tick of a grandfather clock that stand in the corner . jake you drive a hard bargain , but I have a feel you be my boy when I meet you . bobby I be not you boy . I do not like you . I get no choice but to do business with you . let 's just call this a nasty little marriage of convenience . jake do not say that . I have a marriage of convenience with Grace , and look where that 's lead ... well , look like we get ourselves a contract . bobby ( sarcastic ) do we shake hand ? jake if you can not trust the man you have hire to kill you wife ...? the thing be it 's get to look like a accident ; that 's the thing . if it do not , then it 's no good . I will not get a dime , and it 's my neck that will be on the chopping block while you be live it up somewhere . bobby how do you want it ? jake how the hell should I know ? I have never have a wife kill before . Jesus Christ ! you want this job , you do not know how to do this ? I guess I should have hire a professional . bobby you want to do this yourself ? I do not have to do this , you know . jake be quiet , boy . I get to figure this thing . I be think . it can not be do at the house . it should be ... Jake walk the office think . bobby come to think of it , how ' bout some money upfront ? jake oh yeah sure . why do not I buy you a plane ticket right out of here while I be at it . I know you ... ( then ) this be what you do : go to the house to see she . bobby ( beat ) and tell she what ? ext . mckenna house - later day bobby stand on the porch talk to grace through the screen of the front door . the look on he face be sincere . hers be skeptical . we see the action take place as we hear Jake 's v.o. : jake ( v.o. ) ... I do not know . tell she you have to see she . tell she you do not care if she 's marry or not , you have to be with she . sweet talk the woman . a young buck like you must be good at that . then ... maybe shift the conversation . get she think about that jeep of hers . she love that thing . maybe the only thing she do love . she will want to take you for a ride . bobby I know you be not surprised I be back here , cause you can read my mind and all . she 's not surprised . grace ( see he new cut ) that 's some cut . I tell you to be more careful . bobby yeah , well I say I be a idiot . whatta you say we get out of here , take a drive somewhere , talk ... grace how do you know he 's still not here ? bobby guy like I take that chance . let 's go . ext . desert - day grace's jeep cut hard across the desert . Grace have a wild , excited look on she face . bobby sit next to she look somewhat nervous . jake ( v.o. ) she will take you out somewhere in the desert . she love it out there ; ridin ' through the red rock and the mesa . so do I . I guess we get that in common . she will ride you out someplace quiet . someplace desert . fade to : ext . desert - later day grace have stop the jeep on a plateau . bobby sit beneath its shade while Grace walk in the sun seemingly unaffected by the heat . vulture swoop above . jake ( v.o. ) there will not be anyone for mile around . just the two of you and some prairie dog . that 's all . you can sweet talk she a little if you like . make no difference to I . just put she at ease , make she feel relaxed -- then do it . jake' v.o. end . the scene be now synch with real time . bobby be there snake out here ? grace they hear you comin' . they will not bother you . just do not sneak up on them . bobby do not the isolation bother you ? grace yeah , but I like the sun . I grow up on a reservation . the sun , the desert ; they like a religion to we . Jake 's the same way . he love the desert . I guess we be alike that way . that 's about the only way . bobby you love he ? grace no . bobby do you ever ? grace depend on what you call love . I grow up on a reservation . a patch of desert in the middle of nowhere . that 's where they stick Indians , Bobby . that 's where they leave we to die . my brother kill himself when he be 19 cause he could not take it anymore . there 's no hope there ... Jake be my ticket out . Mom and I . bobby be that why you be with he ? grace I let he think he be courtin ' I , but I reele he in like a fish on a line . I want he . I want what he could give I , and I would have do anything to get he . be that love ? bobby I be guess no . grace yeah , I guess you be right . bobby I take it thing do not much work out the way you plan . grace I be still here , be not I ? see this ? Grace sweep she hand before she across the expanse of the desert . the vulture be very much a part of this landscape . grace ( cont ) all this nothing ? it do not get to Jake like it get to I . he say he do not mind be nothing but a big fish in a small pond . more like a little fish in a dry up water hole . bobby you could leave he . grace I do not know how . bobby walk away . grace it 's not that easy . maybe you can take chance ; maybe you can wander around like some stray wherever you please . I can not . I do not want to be alone . I need to know I be go to be take care of . bobby you need a meal ticket be what you mean . some guy you can latch onto just long enough for he to get you out of here . grace be that so bad ? it 's not like I would not try to make he happy . for awhile , anyway . I mean , I would ... do thing for he . I guess I be no good that way . I guess I try to sucker you along like that . do you hate I for it ? I would not blame you if you do . but maybe it 's like you say : you just get to do whatever it take to get out . bobby ( soft echo ) whatever it take . Grace step to the edge of the plateau . grace I wish I be a bird . I know it 's stupid . every child say that . when I be grow up some of the old one on the reservation believe people could actually change into animal . I wish I could . we see Bobby behind Grace . he stare at she stand on the edge of the plateau . he rise and walk towards she slowly , but with deliberation . grace ( cont ) if I be a bird I would fly to Florida ; to Disney World . I always want to go there . I would fly to New York . maybe . I guess New York be not the best place to be a bird . I would fly to St. Louis , then New Orleans , all over Texas . then I would fly to California . I guess by then I would have see it all and I could die . Bobby now stand a few foot behind Grace . she kick a rock and watch it sail over the lip of the cliff into the nothingness below . grace ( cont ) they say you do not feel anything . the shock kill you before you hit the ground . I do not know how they would know that . but I hear it 's just like fly ; straight down into the ground . I guess if it do not hurt it 's a beautiful thing . Bobby tense himself . sweat form on he brow as he stand directly behind Grace with he hand extend before he . they hover just below she shoulder blade ready to push forward . suddenly Grace wheel . startle by Bobby she almost fall over the edge . Bobby grab she , she weight still go back . Grace 's life be literally in he hand . she look down at the ground far below , then up into Bobby 's eye . she show no fear , but instead wear a curious smirk . grace hate 's a funny thing . right now I bet you do not know if you want to kill I , or fuck I . Bobby hesitates , then pull Grace close and kiss she with great ardor on the lip . ext . apache leap - day on a blanket on the ground , bobby and grace make love quickly , hotly , she dress pull up , he pants down . but Grace be troubled and pull out , further frustrating Bobby . grace no ... stop ! I can not ! her eye withdraw into another dimension , as she hike she dress back up . Bobby come out of he own head , feel the distance between they . bobby what 's the matter ?... Grace ? grace nothing . bobby do not feel like nothing . he finish relieving himself behind a tree , put he pants back on . grace get out of town , Bobby , as quick as you can . bobby Grace , I have be fuck over too many time , by too many woman . you be become the queen of hot and cold . grace you would never understand . bobby try I . grace it 's just such a mess . with Jake I mean ... bobby nothing I understand better than a mess . grace ( in great tension ) Jake be with my Mom after my real dad die . bobby you mean the shaman ? grace he be a shaman ... in the mine . we have nothin ' after he die . Jake take we in , give we a little money . he use to call I he " little halfbreed " ... he keep Mom on the side y'know , cause he be marry someplace else . he have kid in Phoenix I think , no one know he around here ... but the thing be ... you see ... ( pause ) ...he be raping I the whole time ... for year . he love to do thing to I . believe it or not , he use to say he be in love with my ass . y'ever be in love with a woman 's ass ? the domino be tumble for Bobby . bobby yeah . grace you be sick too ... he love to do thing to I . Control I . my Mom ... it tore she up cause she could not do nothing about it . she become alcoholic ... and the funny thing be -- I like it . I like be control by Jake . the truth be as far out and crazy as he get , I want more . I want to go all the way . woman say they do not want to be take like , really take -- that 's bullshit -- they do . the first time he finish with I , he say I be a woman now . I be 14 . then he start cry like a baby ... want I to hold he . it 's a strange feel to hate someone so much for so many year , but still want to hold he , comfort he ... they find my Mom right down there ( point ) at the bottom of Apache Leap . she have cactus needle stick all over she body and Virgil ... sheriff Potter say she be drunk and go insane . but I will never believe she run off that cliff by accident . she be bear on this earth and she love it . she be like I . she just want to fly away . Bobby be quietly stunne . a whole world have open up to he ; and he be not sure yet where the story end . there be some force at work here , beyond he control . grace after he get he divorce , he force I to marry he ... but when I see she body , I swore to she on my soul that some day I would get Jake for what he do to she ... bobby I be sorry ... grace yeah . what do you want . life , right ? ( shrug , stoic ) have you ever be to California ? bobby yeah . grace ( as if in a dream ) be it far from here ? bobby oh yeah . it 's far , it 's another world . grace be it pretty ? bobby oh yeah . it 's beautiful , beautiful beach . Blue water and clear sky as far as you can see . grace ( like a little girl ) would you take I with you ? bobby ( pause ) I wish I could . grace please . I will not hang on you . as soon as we get there you can dump I . I do not care . I just want to get out of here . bobby honey , baby , I can not . I can not even get out of here myself . believe it or not , I need a lousy hundred and fifty buck to get my car back from that crazy mechanic ... grace darrell ? you know he and Jake be ... bobby you do not have any money put away , do you ? grace Jake never give I more and twenty buck at a time , like a bird in a cage , he do not want I goin ' anywhere ... bobby ... you could get I money . I will get you out of here . she look at he . grace there 's money . a lot . the word hang there , thick between they . bobby where ? grace Jake hide it . in a safe . in the floor . in the bedroom . he count it . he love to sit there and count it . bobby what do you mean ? grace at night . he just sit there and laugh and talk to himself and count it . I hear he . my Mom tell I he have a hunnert thousand dollar down there . maybe more . Bobby 's eye widen in hope . bobby in cash ? grace oh yeah . there 's nothing else with Jake . he do not trust bank . he keep the money in the floor right under the bed . he love it so much , he would not think of spend any of it on I . I never see it but I know he 's get more than a hunnert thousand at least ... bobby one-hundred -thousand !? that son-of -a-bitch . grace ( puzzle ) what do you mean ? bobby ( ignore she ) if it 's in a safe we would have to get the combination -- grace it take a key . he keep it on himself all the time . I mean all the time . it scratch up against I when we do it . bobby if the key 's on he , how do we get the key ? grace kill he . speak almost innocently , it hang there between they . a silence . bobby I can not kill , Grace . I can not kill anybody . grace it 's not like he 's a young man , Bobby . he 's have time to live . it would be quick . I mean , he would not even have to feel it ... ( seductively ) I mean , sometime in the middle of the night , when it 's quiet ... when he 's asleep , you could just come up behind he when he 's pound on I and ... Grace lay she hand on Bobby , start to caress he . he bristle and freeze with fear and disgust . bobby shit! listen to you ... be you crazy , Grace ? he abruptly pull away . bobby Jesus Christ ! I think this place be make I crazy . I be crazy to come back here and see you . I be crazy for listen to anyone in this town , and I would sure as hell be crazy if I spend another minute with you . Grace rise , cover she nakedness , shoot a hand to he face , like she do when she read he fortune . grace but it 's in you , Bobby . I see it . I see death . it 's in you heart . let it out for I . let it out ... he 's mesmerize . then : grace do it for I , Bobby , you will never regret it . I promise you . I will do anything for you . anything . Bobby pause , terribly tear . bobby I ... take I back to town ... he turn away , towards the jeep . Grace have a tone of desperation in she voice . grace you need the money , Bobby . it 's a lot more than $ 100,000 . a lot more . how be you go to get out of here ? you need the money . whatever it take , Bobby , remember ? Bobby walk past the jeep , on he way back to town alone . grace where you go ? I will give you the ride ... come back ! Bobby ? it 's three mile . Bobby do not look back . her eye drift backwards into she solitude . grace ( to herself ) Bobby ?... whatever it take . ext . desert / along the road - later day bobby walk through the desert parallel to the road , still in a rage . Desert insect produce a cacophony of drone , buzze , and click . a rattlesnake dart off a rock into the brush . a voice whisper to he . jake ( v.o. ) you have get the kill in you , boy . Bobby turn and look around . just desert . he continue . jake ( v.o. ) next time you will do just fine . bobby no ! the screen burn a bright white . ext . STREET corner - day in a news pot , further down the street from where he be first see , the old , blind man sit with he dead dog , speak as if into camera , sip on a Dr. pepper . blind man it 's the desert that make you crazy . the loneliness out here . nobody to talk to . people on the run . trailer park . White trash . I see some peculiar thing on a hot day . I see a scorpion sting itself to death . it just keep drive its tail into its body again and again . a little killer kill itself . see a coyote kill itself too . just keep on bite and tear at its own leg . near tore one clean off before it ble to death . and what a white man'll do when it 's freezing one moment , hot as hell the next . a man could get hisself kill just for rub shoulder with another ( smack he lip ) kiss kissy kiss . Nice pussy y'see , see it come . I do not know what it be about the desert . I figger it 's sort of like put a kettle of water over a fire . people be mostly water . we boil when it 's hot . ' cept when we boil the water 's get no place to go . it just churn inside of we until we can cool off . if it 's not too late . bobby be now reveal stand next to the blind man , and we realize the blind man have be talk to he all along . Bobby sip a Dr. pepper as well . bobby you sure see a lot for a blind man . blind man just ' cause I be not get eye do not mean I can not see . bobby that a fact ? Bobby notice now all the little newspaper clipping that the blind man keep around he in a sort of inchoate stall . blind man I can see just fine . for example : you be a young man who think he 's get someplace to be . a police radio crackle , Bobby tensing . bobby maybe I do . blind man or maybe you just think you do . just another small town . one guy chase you . you go big town . just gonna have four guy after you instead . kiss kissy kiss . it get down to one thing -- be you a human be or be you one of that hungry ghost out there never satisfied with nothing ? Cause you gotta remember you can run just as far as you can , but wherever you go , that 's where you gonna be . bobby I think I have hear that before . blind man what do you want for free ? bobby you sure get a lot of philosophy , old man . blind man seem like I do but only cause end of the day we be all eye in the same head . and everything be everything . bobby what ? blind man ... and everything be nothing too . bobby ( shake he head ) maybe one day I will get to sit on a corner and spout wise . blind man think you will live that long ? Bobby be clearly unnerve by this . suddenly the blind man stand , piss and powerful , sniff the air with the police radio in it . as sheriff potter cruise by , glance at Bobby shrink . the car go on up the street . blind man cocksucker motherfucker ! cop . I hear you . always sneaking around . thinks I can not see he . well he 's right . motherfucker . but that be not mean I do not know what 's go on around here . they be all curse . yes sir . bobby who 's curse ? blind man all they miner last century . hungry ghost , kill off all the Indians . up at the mine . Earth run red with blood , think I be fool around here . White sky be on fire . grown man cry like baby . I see a flash , then darkness descend upon I . they put I in the joint . take my eye . I curse they . White people can not seem to stay away from Indians ( grab he bandage hand , smell the blood ) . you gotta watch where ya put you finger . pussy pussy pussy , indian pussy . it sound dement . Bobby , check he out to see if he 's really blind , walk quietly around he during this monologue and peek over he glass try to see the blind man 's real eye . although he think the blind man think he 's on the other side of he , the blind man fool he by suddenly swivelling around and cranking a gob of spit into Bobby 's face as if Bobby be on the other side . Bobby , piss , wipe the spittle from he face . blind man ( finish ) ... but they gotta know you do not fuck around with Indians . bobby I think you say you lose you eye in the war ? blind man so now you be go to tell I where I lose my eye . you do not think I know where I lose my eye ? I be there when I lose they . I lose they in the war . the war in the joint . there 's always war in the joint . Cause I be a code talker in the joint and in the war too . ( sniff ) mmmm , nothing like the smell of a naked lady . be careful , boy . bobby musta be some bad ass nuclear test here in the 50' . this town 's all inbreed . blind man well , people gotta get by somehow . that 's the curse . the mine do it . all that uranium , plutonium , fuffonium , fuckononium , assononium , all that " om " ! everybody 's get a mother . you do not rip up you mother . you do not rip up the Earth and take everything out . it 's like the cracker Jack box say , " the more you eat , the more you want .... " ... bobby I get thing to do . blind man ( offended ) oh well , go do them . you do not see I stop you ... Bobby start to walk away . the blind man rattles he tin cup . blind man ... but be not you get a little something for the infirm ? bobby I be a little short pop . I will catch you next time . blind man you lie be old , but you tell them well . ext . STREET - day bobby , depressed , be head towards harlin 's gas station , pass jenny sit on a corner drink a soda , almost as if wait for he . she run to he , and follow he , as somewhere a police radio crackle and buzze . jenny hey mister . mister , I just ... I just want to thank you . bobby for what ? jenny for defend my honor this afternoon . bobby I hate to bust you bubble honey , but I be not defend you . jenny but you be go to fight for I . bobby I be not go to fight for you . I be just go to beat the shit out of you boyfriend . jenny he 's not my boyfriend . I mean , I let he take I out and stuff , but I be not speak for . not yet that be . bobby get it through you head , little girl ; I be not go for you . if this Toby like you , then if I be you I would marry he . you be not go to get much better in this town . jenny that 's what I think until you come riding in . I see you car over at the gas station . it 's a cool car . want to take I for a ride ? Desert 's kind of lonely this time of day . bobby how old be you ? jenny ( beat ) eighteen ... well , I be gonna be eighteen in two year , but that do not mean you can not take I for a ride if you want . bobby no , I do not want to take you for a ride . what I want be for ... hey , you do not think you can get $ 150 from you parent , could you ? from off camera we hear toby . toby ( o.c. ) mister ! bobby oh , shit ! Toby move menacingly up the street towards Bobby . toby that 's right , mister . you better be afraid . I tell you it be not over , but you do not listen . now I find you sneakin ' around with my girl behind my back . bobby I be not sneaking around with you girl . would you please tell he ? jenny you be too late , Toby . we be go to get in he fancy car and ride off and leave you behind . bobby what the hell be you talk about ? jenny what 's you name anyway ? toby oh , that tear it , mister . I be gonna bust you up but good . I be gonna bust you into a million piece and then ... and then bust that piece up , and then ... and then spread they all around . that 's what I be gonna do . you do not know what you be deal with , mister . I be crazy . I be psycho crazy . bobby yeah , I know . you be tnt . just like dynamite . when you go off somebody get hurt . ( at he wit 's end ) all right . let 's do this . jenny Toby tucker , it do not matter to I if you beat he all up and knock out all he tooth and he 's just drool and bleed all over hisself , ' cause we love each other and we gonna run off , and I be gonna have he love child . bobby will you shut up ! toby you gonna pay for that , mister . Toby and Bobby square off , size each other up and prepare for a violent confrontation . just as the two be about to clash we hear the voice of sheriff potter from off camera . sheriff ( o.c. ) Toby ! the two man freeze in they track , as Potter drive up fast . toby hey , sheriff Potter . sheriff ( tough ) Toby , I just come from you mother 's place . she 's worried sick about you . she say she be not see you since this morning . toby that be not true , sheriff . I be home for lunch . sheriff Boy , I be not try to hear nothing from you except that you be head home . now run along . toby yes , sir . come on , Jenny . jenny I want to stay . toby I say come on ! Toby grab Jenny by the wrist and literally pull he along . as she go she yell back to Bobby . jenny bye , mister . do not go nowhere without I . I wanna have you love child . Toby point a vicious finger at Bobby . toby next time , mister . next time . Toby and Jenny exit leave Bobby and the sheriff alone . Bobby would also like to exit fast . sheriff where ya goin ' ? bobby harlin' . sheriff get in . Bobby have no choice . he get in . sheriff see you pop up a little bit of everywhere today . you be not plan on stay be you ? bobby no , sir . I be not go to be around long if that 's what you be worried about . sheriff that 's a nasty cut you get there . bobby yeah , fall down and hit a rock . not as bad as it look . sheriff there be a young fellow over at jamilla 's today when it get hit . Way she tell it he get whacked around good by one of the robber . bobby sound like it . I wish I could help sheriff , but I just want to get my car and get on up the road . jake drive up in he gold caddy . his window whirr down . jake everything all right , Virgil ? he eye Bobby . sheriff ( a little nervous ) just fine , Jake . where you go ? jake I be just up at darrell 's . how 's the wife ? that little eskimo baby walkin ' yet ? sheriff oh just fine . jake you have not see Grace around , have you ? I be look for she . sheriff no . but if I do , I will tell she you be look for she , Jake . jake ( look at Bobby ) whatcha get there , some trash ? he drive off . the sheriff drive on . sheriff peculiar , how thing happen . a man 's car break down . there 's a hold up . people die and all that money -- and now old Jake out look for he young wife . and then you show up ... the sheriff look right through Bobby , who know this be more than a conversation . he pull up to harlin 's garage . Bobby get out . sheriff time 's run out , son . I will be see you in the morning ... with this thinly veile threat , the sheriff drive on . as Bobby watch , feel the pressure to get out now while he can . ext . harlin' garage - later day darrell be clean he tool . Bobby 's mustang sit prominently in the car bay , wash and gleam , as bobby walk up . darrell hey there . I be beginnin ' to think you be not comin ' back ... you do not look so good . bobby yeah , well , I have be around the bend a bit . darrell one of that day you feel like you be runnin ' in circle and you be not no closer to where you tryin ' to get than when you start ? bobby you have be there ? darrell Hell , I have have day I would gladly trade with a whippin ' dog . ai not much you can do when you feel like that ' cept tough it out . bobby you believe that ? darrell you think bad , and bad be what you get . bobby that 's a good piece of advice , darrell . darrell no charge . bobby listen , darrell , about that hundred - fifty buck for the car , as soon as I get where I be go I swear I will -- darrell two-hundred . bobby what ? darrell it 's go to cost you two-hundred dollar . bobby you say this morning the hose be go to run I one - fifty . darrell yep . for the hose . but while you be go I replace a gasket . that 's go to run you another fifty . bobby I do not tell you to replace any gasket . darrell yeah , but it be shot . bobby I do not give a fuck ! I do not tell you to do it ! you can not just do unauthorize work . darrell well , now , you just know all there be about bein ' a mechanic , do not you ? do not you read the sign . bobby what sign ? darrell the goddamn sign on the wall . I can not do unauthorize work ? what be I suppose to do ? just let you ride out of here with a bad gasket . then you get in a accident and get kill . or worse . who they gonna blame then ? they gonna blame I , and there go my reputation . bobby what reputation ? you be nothing but a ignorant , inbred , tumbleweed hick . darrell be that a insult ? be you insulting I . bobby listen you stupid fuck , I want my car . darrell listen to I you sorry sonufabitch . you owe I money , and this car be not go nowhere until I get it . and if you take another five hour I will find another fifty dollar worth of work to do on it . be that clear ? now get out of here ' fore I call the sheriff , who know I . Bobby be in a rage . he turn to leave and walk a few pace . he see a wrench lie on a table . for a second he mind reel , then he snatch up the wrench and turn ready to smash it down on darrell 's head . he stop cold . because ol ' darrell hold a crowbar in a batter 's stance ready to smash it onto the mustang . darrell you want to play , mister ? I will play with you . you want to smash something ? so do I . darrell pull back the crowbar , ready to swing . bobby no! okay ! okay ! darrell what 's the matter ? the fight go out of you ? I be just gonna smash a headlight . maybe two . bobby ( plead , almost cry ) please , just leave the car alone ! darrell mister , you already piss I off but good . darrell lay the tip of the crowbar on the hood of the car , and drag the tip of the bar across the hood leave a long scratch . bobby ( about to lose it ) goddamn you ! you son of a bitch ! darrell there you go , sweet talk I again . darrell begin to laugh . Bobby , desperate , look to the trunk , think of he gun in there . his Pov -- the trunk . a flashback of the gun go through he mind . bobby look , harlin . darrell darrell . bobby darrell . I will get you you money . I just have to get something out of the trunk . use he trunk key , he try to open it but realize the lock have be change . bobby what the fuck do you do to my trunk ? darrell well , that key 's not gonna work . I have to pop the lock . you do not leave I the trunk key . bobby and you have to go into the trunk , do not you ? darrell when I work on a car , I work on a car . bobby ( snap ) you motherfucker ! ( etc . ) darrell you can not help yourself , can you mister ? you be out of control . darrell start to laugh . it be a repetitive , almost demonic laugh that grow louder as the camera slowly dolly in on Bobby 's anguish face . ext . STREET - day as bobby step out into the glaring sun , he notice down at the other end of the town , grace's jeep park right outside the sheriff' office , empty . presently , grace and the sheriff walk out talking , and she get in , say a few last word and drive away . Bobby back around a corner into a sidestreet . be she sell he out ? he 's very confuse , turbulent . int . bus depot - later day bobby enter the bus depot . the interior be poorly light . there be a few bench for people to wait on , but they sit empty . Old , fade travel poster hang on the wall . a bored female clerk be behind the counter . bobby I need a ticket . clerk where to ? bobby out of here . clerk but , in particular ? bobby I ... Mexico . you get a bus that go to Mexico ? that 's where I have to go . clerk Mexico be a large country . where in Mexico would you like -- bobby I do not care , just get I there . the clerk be a little put off by Bobby . he seem delirious . she go through she schedule look for a bus . clerk how about ciudad juarez ? you could take a local , arrive in two hour , and transfer in albuquerque . it will get you across the border . bobby how much ? clerk one way , or round trip ? bobby one way . clerk 30.55 . twenty more will get you back . Bobby count he money . bobby twenty -seven , fifty . that 's all I get . clerk the ticket be 30.55 . bobby ( rifling he pocket ) I buy a beer . that be a dollar something . then I give that girl 25 cent for the juke box . and the blind man ... the soda ... i.. I would have 30 if ...if ... clerk I be sorry , sir . it 's $ 30.55 for the ticket . bobby ( to himself ) yeah . just a little short . figure . I just want to get out , that 's all . Bobby start to walk away . suddenly he turn , run back at the clerk , proffer he money , half - craze , near tear . bobby please , mar 'am , you do not understand ! I have to get out of here . they be go to come look for I . they be go to kill I . if I can not get this ticket then I be go to have to do thing to get out of here . you know what I mean ! I do not want to hurt anybody , I just want to leave . please . I can not ... I can not . he 's so desperate and in she frighten but neutral expression , Bobby experience the only compassion he ever find in this whole town . clerk okay , I will give you the ticket , sir , but ...just ... just , please calm down , please ! she sane tone remind Bobby of how far down he 's come . he shrink , suddenly ashamed of himself . she take the cash on the counter , hand he a ticket . clerk keep you change . Bus three - twenty - three . leave at seven fifty two , tonight . bobby I be sorry . it 's just ... you know ... she nod , put a " close " sign in the ticket window , disappear . ext . bus depot - late day we hear the crackle of the same police radio again , off camera , as bobby walk out of the depot . ticket preciously hold in he hand , and suddenly reel as he see sergei , about a 100 yard down the main stretch , slowly roll into town in he convertible , look for guess who . bobby Holy shit ! int . sergei be car - simultaneous bobby turn away , but not fast enough . sergei spot he , hit the pedal . sergei get you , shitface ! Bobby Cooper . Bobby Cooper ... ext . MAIN STREET - simultaneous bobby , ducking around a corner , hear the brief " whoop " of the sheriff 's police siren . he glance back . his Pov - sure enough , the sheriff be have a field day . he 's just pull sergei over . at this distance , we catch snippet of conversation as the sheriff amble from he car , check sergei 's out - of-state plate . sheriff where 's the fire sweetheart ? do not know how they work thing in nevada , but we get speed limit in this state . sergei vat ? I be go 5 mile a hour ! I be look town . I not even move . we pop in closer to they conversation -- Bobby relishing this in he mind 's eye . sergei be constantly look off to where he last see Bobby . but the sheriff , strangely , pay no attention to this look . sheriff whoa , what kind of accent you get there ? you one of they Russians ? sergei I be Russian , da ! I be also rich Russian , da ? maybe we work something out , my friend sheriff ? sheriff what ? you try to bribe I , mister ? just cause you Russians be not commy anymore , do not think money can buy everything ... down the street , sheriff Potter be hold up a conceal gun . sheriff what 's that ? ( he grab the gun ) ... " conceal " be a definite no no in this town , Ivan . you know anything about jamilla 's grocery store ? sergei what fuckin grocery store , you fuck shithead idiot ! you call yourself a police ... sergei look Bobby 's direction . sheriff get out of the car , spread they . you can jawbone all you want or you have the right to shut the fuck up ! you commie motherfucker . either way you be goin ' to the can . sergei I want my lawyer ! sheriff cuff sergei and stick he in the police car . Bobby can not help smile as he turn away to the soda machine see in a earlier scene . he come up with the change the bus clerk leave he and , die for a drink in this heat , insert the coin . though still under considerable pressure from all side , this lucky break with sergei seem like it might be the beginning of something new today -- some luck . the icy cold soda bottle shoot out . Bobby raise it to he lip , about to taste it , about to relax for once . violently it explode out of he hand as he double over in blind pain from a kidney punch . he stumble forward into the soda machine , gasp . the leg of he assailant be close to he , but the face be unseen . Bobby double he agony as he bandage leave stump take the brunt of the blow into the machine , re-opening the wound . blood start to seep through the bandage . bobby ow ! Bobby crumple to the ground as toby now tower over he with he fist curl and a snarl on he lip . toby get up , mister ! do not ever let it be say Toby tucker beat the live shit out of someone without give they a fair chance . bobby ( gasp ) what the hell be you do ? you fuck psycho ! toby I be do what any man would do if he would be offended . I be stompin ' you ass . bobby you idiot ! you do not even know what you be fight over ! toby my honor , that 's what I be fight over . now get up off the ground , or do I have to whoop you where you lie ? jenny come run up the street . jenny Toby ! Toby tucker , leave he alone ! toby you stay away , Jenny . I aim to mess he up , and that be not a thing for a woman to see . Jenny run to Bobby and cuddle he where he lay . jenny do not be afraid of he none . I do not care what he do to you , we can still be together . bobby get away from I ! Bobby see he bus ticket on the ground . he grab for it , but Toby beat he to it . toby now , what 's this ? bobby give it to I ! toby Mexico ? you go to Mexico ? bobby I be leave . you never have to see I again . just please , give I the ticket ! toby this mean something to you ? Jenny mean something to I . Toby stick the ticket in he mouth and chew it up whole . bobby nooo ! toby ( between bite ) I be gonna beat you so bad you gonna be eatin ' nothing but soup the erst of you day . rain dog be gonna be prettier than you when I be do . I be gonna mess you up so bad you gonna make you own momma sick . I be gonna ... Toby 's word drift to Bobby from a million mile away . the world around he be like a dream , or a nightmare . a primal rage well inside of Bobby that rise up in a howl as he swing the soda bottle up out of nowhere across Toby 's head , smash he backwards . then he land blow after blow with he right hand on the boy 's face and head . Jenny scream : jenny stop it ! you be kill he ! Jenny grab Bobby 's arm , literally hang all she weight on it , stop he from strike Toby again . jenny you be kill he ! Toby !? Toby !? Jenny sink to the ground and cuddle Toby . Bobby stand . he look at Toby , then at he bloody knuckle in disbelief . his bandage be soak with he own blood , but he adrenaline numb the pain . jenny you kill he ! you kill he ! she wail in the background as he back away , around the corner , into Main Street , crossing to where the phone booth be . ext . phone booth - late day bobby be on the phone . bobby hello , Grace ? it 's Bobby . intercut to : int . mckenna house - simultaneous grace , in the kitchen , be also on the phone . grace ( coolly ) I think you would be on you way to Vegas by now . be there something you want ? bobby I want to talk . grace ( v.o. ) I do not think we have anything to talk about . bobby what about we ? grace there be no we , remember ? bobby except I can not get you out of my head , Grace . ( beat ) grace stop it . bobby ( v.o. ) why ? be I make you hot , or do the truth scare you ? grace because I know you be full of shit . bobby I mean it , Grace . I be get out of here , and I want to take you with I . grace ( v.o. ) I think you could not get you car . bobby I could if I have Jake 's money . grace ( v.o. ) be that what change you mind ? the money ? bobby I do not give a damn about the money . I want you , and I want to get we out of this shithole . there 's only one way to do that . pause . grace be you sure ?... about I , I mean ? bobby I come back for you ; this morning I come back . before I even know about the money . you be what I want . ( then ) the only reason I storm off be because you spook I talk about Jake . but I have have nothing but time to think about it . it keep come back to you and I and we get the hell out of here . but we have get to get the money , baby . we get the money , I get the car , then we get the hell out . grace you say you could not kill anybody . bobby we do not have to kill he . just knock he out and tie he up ' till we get away . ( beat ) it be you idea , remember ? I be do this for you . I be do this so you can fly ... fly like a bird . Grace bite at a nail and fidget , but say nothing . bobby ( v.o. ) Grace ... Grace ? grace after dark . I will leave the back door unlock . she quickly hang up the phone . Bobby also hang up the phone , a unreadable expression on he face . int . mckenna live room - late day jake sit in a easy chair read a paper . puff of smoke from he pipe rise from behind the paper and hang like a cloud over he head . grace stand in the doorway , body stiff and arm cross , stare at he . jake who be that on the phone ? grace wrong number . jake you spend a long time talk for a wrong number . but then you make friend so easily . do not you , Grace ? Grace have no answer for that , so she say nothing . a long moment pass , then : grace I put up new drape , Jake . jake I know . I be here when you apprentice be help you . remember ? grace you never say anything . about the drape . jake they look nice . grace you have not even look at they once . Jake lower the paper , look at the drape . jake they look nice . grace I pick they out for you , Jake . I think you would like the color . jake ( softly , admire ) you look just like you mama when you move like that against the light . Grace stare at the chain now visible around Jake 's neck that disappear under he shirt . she know that hide there be a key , and she fix on it intently . jake what the hell you look at , girl ? grace nothing , Jake . absolutely nothing . ext . desert - evening the SUN be set . it strike the horizon send a ripple of golden light through the sky . ext . porch of house - evening a man dance in the evening light with a small child in he arm . ext . corner of house - evening a dog and cat huddle together in sleep . ext . police station - evening sheriff virgil potter be toss horseshoe with he deputy . ext . mckenna house - evening grace watch the sun go down outside she house , cradling herself in she arm . a desert wind gently caress she . ext . STREET corner - night the blind man , along with he dead dog , sit on the side of the street . blind man well , that 's it . Sun 's go down . people go home , trade storey over dinner . they will talk about the day , about the heat , laugh about something crazy it make they do . they will kiss , sleep a few hour , then do it all over again . bobby now appear next to the blind man hold two Dr. pepper . he hand one to the blind man , take a sip of the other one , and offer he he own change . bobby the day be not so bad . we all get through it all right . blind man ( give back the change ) keep it . there 's a suggestion of cockiness in Bobby , feel he luck come back with the night . his humour be enhance by he Pov down the street : as darrell , with he dilapidate truck , ready sergei be convertible for towing . blind man ( over ) ai not over yet . night be part of day ; separate , but equal . night be when you let you guard down ; when you see thing in the shadow and hear thing in the dark . bobby difference between you and I , old man , be I see the glass half full , you see it half empty . blind man night be when you want to sleep , but the dry heat keep you tossin ' and turnin' . it 's when you wish the sun be bakin ' high in the sky so you could see what it be you be afraid of . bobby you afraid of the dark ? blind man afraid of it ? Boy , I live in the dark . all cause of a woman who make I this way . people be afraid of what they can not see . I can not see nuthin' , so it 's all the same to I . kiss from a beautiful woman , kissy kissy kiss , a lick from a dog , slurp , slurp , the kiss of death ( he make a strange sound ) . it 's all the same to I . bobby so , we be all just float along like twig in a stream , so enjoy the ride . be that it ? blind man more or less . bobby not this twig , friend . I get plan . blind man nothing make the great Spirit laugh harder than a man 's plan . we all get plan . I plan on see all my life . I know you do not plan on straying into town . bobby no and I do not plan on stick around either . blind man well , do not say I do not warn you when thing go you way . bobby you get a lotta philosophy in you , old timer but you do not fool I for one second with all this blind man crap . one minute you lose you eye in Vietnam , next it 's the joint . now it 's a woman ? I be hep to you . the blind man slowly lift he glass , show he eye at last . where he eye should be be scar and dead flesh . a ugly sight that even take Bobby back a step . blind man use to be a young smartass like you . then I get smart with the wrong man 's daughter . get some acid pour on my peeper for my trouble . you know human being be not always just human -- they get animal live inside them too ... people give spare change to war heroes not fool . all fool get be pity . May not have eye , but I see . and you , boy ? the blind man put he glass back on . blind man you get my pity . bobby ( do not believe he ) hope she be worth it . blind man oh , she be worth it . she be worth every black minute since . Bobby look at he watch , get ready to go , drop a coin into the blind man 's cup . bobby time 's up . any last word of wisdom ? blind man thing be not always the way they seem . you get to ask yourself : be it worth it ? Day come earthmaker be go to look in you fuck heart ! then you better know what it be you be do . be you a human be -- or just one of they hungry ghost out there floatin ' around ? Bobby walk away , smile . bobby you be crazy , you know . be see you , old man . blind man you know I will not be see you . the blind man lift he sunglass and peer into the cup as if he see . we do not really know . he reach into the cup and pull out the coin Bobby toss in . blind man cheap bastard . give I back my own money ... well , jesse , time 's up , let 's go for a walk . the blind man now stand up and pull the see - eye dog 's harness . the dog struggle to its foot and they walk off down the street together . int . mckenna house - night grace stand by the back door stare at the bolt lock . jake yell to she from another room . jake ( o.c . ) what the hell you doin ' , Grace ? be you come to bed , or be not you ? for a moment Grace 's hand waver above the lock . suddenly , like a snake strike , she hand shoot out and unlock the bolt . just as quickly she turn from the door and head to the bedroom . ext . yard - mckenna house - night a light be on in the bedroom window . after a moment it dim and the house be dark , silhouett against the horizon by moonlight . bobby step into frame , carry a iron pipe . int . mckenna house / bedroom - simultaneous we start close on grace -- a key slapping against she buttock as bedspring groan . we reveal Grace copulate on all four with jake from behind . jake ya little bitch , you like it do not you ! you like it this way -- rough and hard . gotta go fuck around on I , like you mama , but you always gotta come home to daddy , do not you , cause you know daddy 's the best . grace yes , yes , hit I ... beat I , please . jake you be a bad girl , Grace . you take my heart from you mama , do not ya ? you betrayed she ! like you do I . there be not no forgivin ' ya , girl ! grace oh no ! oh please forgive I , papa ! jake you break she heart ! you break you mama 's heart . you steal I ! that 's right . fuck it away . but it be not ever goin ' away , cause you mama -- she 's like a hungry ghost baby , she will not go away , she will not leave ya alone . grace no! no! please ! he hit she . harder . in a strange flashback of he mind , he now see Grace 's mama beneath he , receive he punishment . he stop , abruptly . he can not go on . fear come into he eye . he start to whimper , begging for he punishment and / or forgiveness . jake oh baby , I be so sorry ... I be so sorry ... ( he start to cry ) I do not mean to hurt you so bad . it just ... get away ... he drop down , bury he face between Grace 's leg . jake forgive I , baby , forgive I ! he hide there from the world that he have create , cry to himself . Grace have a unreadable expression , but that 's certainly not a new occurrence in they strange relationship . int . mckenna house / backdoor - night the knob of the backdoor twist and the door open . bobby slip quickly through the space and into the house quietly close the door behind he . it be nearly pitch dark , and he have no bearing . he step gingerly through the hall , but in the darkness he bump into a table nearly knock over a lamp only to catch it just before it crash into the floor . int . mckenna house / bedroom - simultaneous jake hear the noise . he raise he head and cock a ear to the air . she know who it be , and be concerned ; he 's too early . grace what 's the matter ? jake you do not hear something ? grace yeah , I hear a key slapping against my ass . jake there 's someone in the house . grace ( nervous ) maybe ... maybe the wind blow something over ( encourage he to continue ) . come on baby , keep go . Jake climb out of bed , throw on some pants , reach into a drawer in the chest of clothes , pull out a small dark metallic object . grace ( realize ) what 's that ? Jake -- where 's you get that ? jake relax baby . stay here . he go to the door . she follow , try to block the door . grace Jake , do not go out there . call the sheriff . jake shhhh ! just like you mama , always scared of thing ... he maneuver she aside and slip out the door into the corridor . int . live room / mckenna house - simultaneous crowbar in one hand , bobby make he way slowly through the live room , bang against the edge of a table . he hop silently in pain , then wait at the door to the next room and listen . hear nothing he slowly poke he head into the darkness . a moment later Bobby back from the door and we see the barrel of he own black .9 mm baretta press against he forehead . jake appear now , back he into the live room . he switch on a lamp . jake well , well . as I live and breathe . I do not expect to be see the like of you again . think you would be long on you way by now . Jake continue to press the gun to Bobby 's head . bobby that 's my gun ... ( then ) that fuck darrell ! jake I like darrell . he may be a idiot , but he 's my half brother . we own harlin 's together , yeah , that little redneck manage to get pay no matter how thing work out . bobby ( realize ) you be workin ' I the whole time . jake I guess this be what they call " ironee " ? hunh ? bobby it 's not what you think , Jake . jake no , but it do not matter anyway when you be lie there with you brain all over my carpet and I be tell sheriff Potter about this drifter , do not have enough money to fix he car . and darrell happen to find he gun , and through maybe this drifter hear old Jake get some money stashed away , and figgered he might try to break in and steal it ! bobby wait a minute . just listen to I ... jake ... and he think he would clock old Jake mckenna and turn he brain into wall paper ... and then maybe borrow $ 200 or $ 20,000 , or $ 200,000 ... bobby ( very serious ) that 's not the reason I be here , Jake . jake there 's another reason ? it better be good . int . hallway - simultaneous grace make she way down the hall in a nightgown , and now hide in shadow , listen . bobby ( v.o. ) I come for Grace . jake ( v.o. ) you come to take my wife from I ? int . live room - simultaneous bobby ( sincere ) no. I come to kill she . int . hallway grace be eye get real narrow and angry . jake ( v.o. ) shhh ! liar . bobby ( v.o. ) it 's the truth , Jake . int . live room jake that 's a thick change of heart from this afternoon . bobby maybe I do not like be play , like she play we today . maybe I do not like that at all , Jake . I be just piss enough , maybe I will rip the neck off my own grandmother . jake you have a lot of talk in you , whole lot of talk . bobby damn it , Jake . there be a guy come to kill I , and if it come down to I or Grace , then I pick Grace . you be go to give I thirteen -thousand . give I two-hundred . I will kill she and dump the body where no one will ever find it . she show I the perfect place . there will not be enough leave for a autopsy . but I need the the money . I have get to have the money . Jake be silent . he take he time think . finally : jake she 's in the bedroom . int . hallway grace , distress , start back off towards the bedroom . int . live room bobby stare at the automatic in jake 's hand . bobby wanna give I my gun ? Jake laugh , a " do not even think about it " look . jake a strangling will do just fine . go to work . Bobby hold up he eight finger with a " you try " look . Jake shrug . Bobby point to the crowbar on the carpet . bobby how ' bout the pipe ? jake ( sarcastic ) she 's get a slender neck . Bobby turn and walk towards the bedroom . Jake follow into a adjoin room . jake hold on a second ! come here ! Bobby turn to Jake , who be suddenly extremely upset . jake how the hell do you know where the bedroom 's at ? bobby what be you talk about ! jake ( get closer ) this morning when I come in on you and Grace , you swore you have not be near the bedroom . now you make straight for it . int . hallway grace return to listen . this thing be like a seesaw battle of will . bobby ( v.o. ) come on , Jake -- jake ( v.o. ) do not Jake I boy ! it 's a big house . you probably do not even make it out to the desert this afternoon ... int . live room jake have come right up on bobby in a rage . jake ... or do you just ply the afternoon away between my sheet put you lip all over she , you little horndog ... bobby ( change tactic ) what difference do it make if I sleep with she ? we be gonna kill she . jake you be right ! I do not give a damn about she . but kill she 's one thing . Fucking she behind my back , that 's another ! suddenly Jake swing he arm , clipping Bobby across the side of the head with the pistol and open another bloody gash . Bobby crumble to he knee , cry out . Jake suddenly grab Bobby by the hair , force he face back and smear he lip with he own in a vengeful kiss . the blood from Bobby 's wound run down to he lip and mix with Jake 's lip . jake now you have taste both of we ! he pull back the hammer on the gun and level it at Bobby 's head . Bobby see it come , play he last card on he knee . bobby o.k .! I admit it ! I fuck she ! but it 's she you have to worry about , not I ! she want you dead , Jake . she want you dead and she want you money . jake ( hesitates ) what be you babbling about ? bobby ( talk fast ) think about it ! how do you think I get in here ? do you hear any glass break ? do you hear a door splinter ? int . hallway - simultaneous grace listen . bobby ( v.o. ) how do the evening end ? after you go to bed do she linger a bit ? maybe just long enough to leave the door unlock ? be that what happen ? int . live room - simultaneous like a old rag , jake gradually soak all this up become heavier with the weight of the knowledge . jake you would tell I anything to save you pathetic life . bobby you know what kind of woman Grace be , Jake . you know how badly she want to get the fuck out of Superior . what 's she to you , Jake ; a woman who want you dead ? let I kill she . all I want be two -hundre dollar to get out of here with . jake two-hundred dollar ? bobby two-hundred dollar ... I will do it ! I will kill she ! a beat . Jake stare down at Bobby on the floor . jake sweet Christ , I would be do the world a favor , ridding it of the like of you . get you miserable ass off the floor . you be positively pathetic ... go on , go kill Grace . Bobby slowly stand . jake I be not let you walk for nothing . two hundred dollar . do it , boy . kill she . Bobby go . int . hallway - simultaneous grace bolt back to the bedroom , the camera follow she as she fly . int . bedroom hallway - night ( moment later ) bobby walk it . his Pov -- the door . every step seem freight . int . bedroom - simultaneous grace be in a quandary . how many second before Bobby walk in to kill she ? or can he really kill she ? she 's not sure . she look around the room frantically . pick up a lamp , put it down . she look quickly through she closet , rummages below in the box . suddenly she find it . a dangerous look indian hatchet with a feather hang off its binding . it 's a formidable piece of iron , quite capable of split a skull or impale flesh . Grace hear the footstep just outside the door . she run behind the door . a moment later , the bedroom door creak open and bobby quietly enter , approach the bed . we sense the doubt in he eye as to whether he can kill she . in a reverse Pov , Bobby see the outline of Grace in the bed as victim ... closer , closer . he now lift the edge of the bedcover but see a blanket bunched up to resemble a human figure . he suddenly hear a foot fall behind he , then he feel she presence . he spin . she 's directly behind he , hatchet raise . his life be in she hand . his eye , lock in a eternal moment . her eye , the hatchet . SNAP CUT to : int . hallway - simultaneous as jake , anxiously tear , wait , there be a loud crash , follow by sound of struggle , of murder , of death . then ... grace Jake ! it be a desperate cry for help . Jake can not help himself . he break into a roaring run down the hall to save he beloved . jake Grace !! int . bedroom - simultaneous jake bull into the bedroom . it 's a mess , furniture overturn , sheet and blanket all over the floor . the light break . wait for he , face down on the floor , be bobby's body in a pool of liquid . a break bottle lie nearby . Bobby 's body heave in its final death throes , and then shudder quiet ... over there , by the bed , be grace , who still clutches the hatchet . the look on she face be pure shock . jake well ... look like you get he , Grace . that 's good ... that 's real good . he must of slip past I , but you get he . look like that drifter from this morning . get to be careful who you make friend with , sweetheart . Jake eye the weapon in Grace 's hand . jake why do not you put that down ? it 's all over now . put it down . Grace eye the gun in Jake 's hand . jake go on , girl . put it down . what choice do Grace have ? she let the hatchet clank to the floor . jake aww , that 's my Grace : not about to let someone get the best of she . that 's what I love about you . as dangerous as you be unpredictable . behind Jake , the lifeless bobby rise up from the floor , very much alive , and clobber Jake with a golf club . Jake be staggered , but he 's one tough old customer as he manage to spin slowly , gun still in one hand , as if to fire . before he can , Grace grab up the hatchet from the floor and drive it straight into he back . he gurgle , stunne from both side , but it 's like try to kill rasputin . he still have the gun as Bobby jump he from the rear , try to get he neck in a chokehold . the gun fire once , discharge into the wall . the hatchet be rip from he back . Grace watch as the two man bang into the wall in a rugge rodeo - type fight , Jake seek to dislodge Bobby off he back . a expression of fear and excitement in she eye . finally the two man go crash to the ground , roll around , Bobby maintain he stranglehold , but call to she , he hand full . bobby Grace , goddamit , do something ! Jake 's eye roll up at she like a beach whale , plead for help . jake Grace ...? she commit . jumping into the fray , it 's not clear whose side she 's really on as the three of they roll across the floor , strangling , bite , hit , spitting , scratch , gasp . it 's a guignol , but the pressure from Bobby 's forearm be take its toll on Jake . try to bite Jake , Grace bite Bobby instead , but then she scratch Jake 's face . Jake be grab she hard as Bobby choke he , try to use she to leverage himself away . but she manage to rip herself from he grip and scramble on she knee across the floor . she grab the hatchet . and stand , move back towards the two man lock on the floor . Bobby look up at she , hatchet in hand , no longer sure which way she will go . Jake , however , gasp for air , eye bulg , spittle drip from he mouth , look at Grace with some inner certainty that she will help he . he gasp the word . jake help I , Grace , help ... grace like you help she , Jake ? Grace stand there , decide , the power of the hatchet in she hand . she raise it suddenly over the two man . it flash downward . deep into the gut of she husband Jake , almost transfix he to the floor . in the silence that follow , Jake 's eye roll up to meet hers . but all she have for he be a cold , distant stare . Jake 's head drop as the life rush out of he . Bobby fall back from the body puffing and drip with sweat . bobby what the hell would you wait for ? she do not answer , turbulence in she face . he roll Jake 's body off , upset . she may have make it a murder , but he be part of it , and he feel the shift in himself . they be both in new territory , feel a apartness between they . suddenly jake gasp , still alive ! it be too much for Bobby . he grab the hatchet and plunge it down on Jake , silencing he one last time . Grace be push the bed away from the wall , slip down on she knee and pry open several floorboard . grace the money 's right here ! get the key ! bobby no ! you get it ! he do not want to get close to Jake . Grace coldly run over to he corpse , rip the chain , key and all , from the neck . the action pull Jake 's head up , then she let it thump back on the floor . she run back to the floorboard . the top of a thick steel floor safe be reveal . Bobby watch -- he whole life , it seem , hang on the outcome . with the key , she open the safe . Inside be roll - up bundle of cash -- in hundred dollar denomination . she look up at he , offer it as she reach in for more . Bobby also get down on he hand and knee and grab more and more , suck into the fever of freedom , far more money than he lose at the grocery store , overcome now with emotion of fear and freedom . they see each other . grace do not I tell you ? bobby ( plunging into the cash ) there must be 150 , 200 thousand here ! goddamnit Grace , you be right ! grace we do it , Bobby . oh my God ! they laugh excitedly and start kissing , roll in the stack of cash , some of which stick to Bobby 's sweat back . the day do not turn out so bad after all for Bobby . grace fuck I baby ! bobby ( look at Jake ) what about he ? grace let he watch . I want he to know what he 's miss . as they consummate they violent relationship for the first time , Jake 's lifeless eye watch they . ext . mckenna house - later night the light in the bedroom window be low candlelight , but we sense something watch they . grace 's silhouette move across a window . bobby now come out of the house , cautious , walk down the driveway . he stop , think , and walk back to open the hood of grace's jeep . he reach into the engine and disconnect something , then close the hood and walk on . ext . harlin' garage - night bobby walk up to the shack near the garage and bang on the door . a light go on in the window . darrell shout out . darrell ( o.c. ) what you want ? bobby open up ! darrell ( o.c. ) we be close . come back when the sun come up . Bobby , in a hurry to get back should Grace pull any trick , bang and kick against the door . darrell yank the door wide . darrell what the hell ... oh , it 's you . might have figgered . listen I get a waitress come over . what do you want ? bobby I want my car . darrell you get the money ? Bobby pull the money from he hip pocket and hand it to darrell . the mechanic finger it suspiciously . darrell two-hundred dollar in hundred - dollar bill . and this morning you be break . bobby that 's none of you business . get the key . darrell I do not want no dirty money . I run a honest business . bobby yeah , like Al capone on tax day . get the key ? darrell ( pause ) well , there 's a $ 50 overnight storage charge we get to talk about . Bobby be ready at first to explode , but then just laugh out loud . you get to give it to a guy like darrell . he hold up a $ 100 bill . bobby all I get 's a hundred , darrell . you get change ? darrell no . bobby figgers . there 's a scratch on the hood and how much you make sell my gun ? deduct it . Bobby pull the hundred back from darrell 's grasp . darrell ( go to get the key ) do not know nothing about no gun . bobby course you do not . tell I something darrell . forty thousand people die every day ! how come none of they be you ? darrell ( throw he the key ) I think you know where to find she . bobby and the trunk key . darrell ( pull out the trunk key ) topped off the tank for you . no charge . just my way of do business . bobby ( jovial , confident now ) listen up good , darrell . I be get outta this shithole . you be stay ! and one little peep outta you -- remember that gun make you part of the food chain . you print be all over it . I would be awful careful whose rectum I be point my finger in , darrell . Bobby hop in the car , a free man . as darrell glare at he , bewilder and frighten at the same time . ext . mckenna house - night bobby turn the mustang up the drive . the headlight cut the darkness and land on a empty patch where Grace 's jeep have be park . Bobby jump from the mustang and run around frantically . his look be devastate . he fall to he knee , about to sob when : grace open the front door and poke she head out , put out several suitcase . grace Bobby ? what the hell 's the matter with you ? bobby I ... nothing . I just stubbed my toe on a rock . hurt like hell . grace I get the money all pack . I put the jeep and he caddy in the garage . people will think maybe I and Jake go away . buy we some time ... I know a back road we can take . bobby good think . ( look at she four bag ) what 's all this ? grace I be not come back . bobby ( accept ) awright , let 's go . I want to be fifty mile from here before the sun come up . grace funny thing ; the jeep would not start . I have to push it . bobby ( dryly ) funny thing ... I will get the bag . ext . mckenna house - later night Bobby 's mustang be back towards the front of the house . we see a silhouette of bobby and grace carry something wrap in a blanket and dump it in the trunk . ext . desert highway - night a lone pair of headlight illuminate the night as the mustang cruise through the dark . as the light brighten the screen we : fade to : int . / ext . mustang - night grace sit next to bobby peer out the windshield , clutching the money in a backpack . she 's hum a indian song . bobby I can not see it . grace it should be just up ahead . hold on ... there ! there it be ! a sign illuminate by the headlight . it read : you be leaving superior . thanks for visiting . Grace let out a scream of joy , lean over and hug he . grace oh , God ! I can not believe it . I be out . I be finally out ! the mustang begin to swerve along the road . bobby hey ! take it easy . want to get we kill ? grace you do not know what it feel like to be free of that place . bobby I do not know about that ? grace you spend a day in Superior . I waste my entire life there . I feel like someone just take a million pound off my shoulder . bobby we have still get some dead weight to get rid of . grace can not we just dump he fast someplace ? bobby I want a place where only the vulture will find he ... ( then ) it will be over soon , Grace . grace then will you take I on you friend ' boat with you ? bobby I be not sailing he boat . grace but I think -- bobby we be go to buy a boat of we own baby , and sail it wherever we want to go . grace anywhere ? bobby what the hell ? why not ? where should we go ? grace Hawaii . I have read all about it . I have dream of go there and just lie on the beach while the water lick up against my foot . oh , God . I would kill to go there . bobby you already have . she give he a funny look . bobby you know I think you would leave I back there . grace what be you talk about ? bobby ( emotional ) when I get back from the garage , and you jeep be not there , I think you would go and leave I and take the money . ( off she look ) ... Cause I never have any luck with woman , Grace . you do not know what I be through . the shit I have take . I think you be like the rest of them ... but when you come out of the house ... well you be here Grace and we might be start in the shit but we be start where I never be -- together with someone -- together with you Grace . she respond with a luminous smile . grace I love you Bobby . he look back at she with trust and love in he eye . bobby we be gonna pull this off , Grace . just then a headlight rake they from the rear as we hear , again , the ominous crackle of a police radio and the short brutal " whoop " of the siren , as sheriff Potter 's vehicle roll up quickly behind they . Grace 's face be catch like a surprised deer in the headlamps . grace oh , my God ! ( then ) do not stop ! Bobby be in a bind . the siren whoops again . the light flash to highbeam . bobby he must have see we swerving on the road , that 's all , just gonna give we a ticket for swerving ... but even Bobby have trouble believe that as the police vehicle pull out sharply alongside he and sheriff potter motion to he aggressively to pull over on the shoulder . sheriff ( into loudspeaker ) pull over , goddamnit , pull over ! grace keep go ! she seem to be panic . Bobby pull over . bobby fuck this !... just shut up , Grace . we do nothing ! be cool . let I do the talk . he do not know anything . his vehicle pull up on the shoulder in front of they , the sheriff get out , shine he power flashlight into they face . bobby ( start ) ' even sheriff , sorry bout that but this jackrabbit ... Bobby have no time to react as the sheriff be suddenly there at he window , jerk he door open , angry . a gun in he hand , point at they , he eye on Grace . sheriff you have to fuck he , do not you ! grace ( nervous cool ) I would never do that to you , baby ... he kill Jake -- say he would kill I if I do not come with he . all he want be the money . Bobby look at she . he can not believe what he just hear . bobby what ! sheriff ( flipping , yell ) do not lie to I ! Grace know the jam be up . grace ok ... but he never make I cum ! really Virgil , I be only do what I have to do so we could be free . just like we talk about . it mean nothing . a pause . Virgil want to kill she , but he also want she back badly . bobby you fuck he too Grace ? be everybody fuck everybody in this town ? she ignore he . her attention on the backpack with the money between she leg -- the gun be there , inside a outer flap of the bag . sheriff you fuck this guy -- get he to do you dirty work and you think you can take the money and dump I ? grace no baby , you get it wrong . sheriff this road do not go to Globe , Grace -- where be you go to meet I ? his flashlight on the four suitcase in the backseat . she do not have a answer to that one . grace it 's not like that it ... look , Virgil , I get the money here . she get out of the car on she side , come around to he , the pack of money sling on she shoulder , hard to see in the dark . sheriff ( hurt ) oh Grace , you can say what you want ... but , I watch you fuck that pervert for year while you be tell I you love I ? what happen to go to milwaukee together ? you and I -- gonna open up the finest sport goods store that city ever do see ? get we a place on the north shore , by the lake ? season brewer ticket ! just you and I , Grace . what happen ? grace all talk , that 's all you do be talk , and all I do be sit around get older wait for you to free I ! you never do nothin ' Virgil , you be weak ! ( point to Bobby ) he do ! the sheriff , deeply wounded , cast a hot vicious gaze on Bobby . sheriff this be some girl you and I get here Bobby , yessir , a excellent cocksuck too , would not you say ? ( back at Grace ) ... course you have a lotta practice have not you darling , go way back to you crazy mama ! grace ( deadly ) shut up , Virgil ! take you share of the money . it 's not so bad . sheriff I do not want the fuckin ' money ! I be not gonna give up everything I get for a lousy 50,000 dollar . it 's you . you Grace or nothing . the whole thing ... I want you to be my wife ... ( hopeful ) . what do you way Grace ? grace you sound just like Jake ... I do see into the future , Virgil , but you be not in it . go back to you family . they love you . Bobby get out of the car , misunderstanding the situation . bobby ( misunderstanding ) look , we get more . we get $ 200,000 at least . Split it three way , we all walk away ... the sheriff snap and smashes Bobby with he flashlight , knock he to the ground , kick he again and again , gather the psychic force to murder he . Grace try to approach . sheriff shut up , boy ! you do not know shit round here ! ( to Grace ) get back . do she tell you that story about the bird fly away ? bobby ( roll on the ground ) ow ! look , I ... ow ! grace stop ! stop it ! sheriff ( kick again and again ) be you go to help she fly away , asshole ? what would you think , you be the first boy to drift through this town she come on to ? she tell you the story about old Jake force she to marry he ? that 's a good story ... how he kill she crazy mama ? Bobby in bloody agony . Grace stunne that Virgil would reveal this now publicly . grace goddamnit Virgil , stop ! do not ! sheriff ... but I bet the story she do not tell you be the best story of all . how old crazy Jake be really she papa . and she like fuck papa ! and now she 's kill the sonufabitch ! just like she 's gonna kill you ! Grace plunge into the pack , pull the gun and shoot Virgil across the car in the gut . grace no ... you ! you ! the sheriff fly back onto the road , stunne , not realize what 's happen . Bobby watch unbely as Grace quietly step up over the sheriff . she put the next round in he nut , a modern fury enact ancient wrath . bobby Grace . no ! the sheriff be wide - eye , die in shock . Grace then fire right at he head in a coup de grace that blow he brain out the back of he head . Grace and Bobby both stare , then Grace jump into action , drag the body . she snap to Bobby . grace help I get he off the road . into the car ! we will ditch he car ... get the fuck up ! Bobby stare at she . ext . / int . mustang - night they be drive . grace and bobby , wordless , each think in separate world . Grace wipe she hand . the bag with the money between she leg . the baretta be back in the bag . bobby ( finally ) Jesus , do you have to kill he ? grace get real Bobby . he be gonna kill you and I . bobby he be in love with you Grace . he would have do what you want , you could have make a deal and ... grace the only deal he have in mind be kill you for Jake 's murder and blackmail I into suck he dick for the rest of my life ... no thanks . bobby he be a cop , Grace , they never stop look for you when you kill a cop ... grace he be a scumbag !... he want I , Bobby . this guy do not let go ! even when they be dead ... ( softer ) you do not know what it be like , Bobby . that two , they be the same . a silence . the oncoming road . grace so , be not you go to ask I ? bobby ask you what ? you mean what kind of horrifying sick shit be come next ? grace do not you want to know ...? I bet it 's burn a hole in you brain just now ? bobby let it go , baby . it 's the past . I get a past ... grace do not you really want to know ? be Jake my daddy ? be I fuck my own daddy ? do not you want to know that ? bobby ( shouting ) what do you want I to say ! she 's yell , emotionally out of control . grace yes ! I be ! I be fuck daddy ! and I marry he !... I marry he ... okay ? she look at Bobby , force he to look at she . finally : bobby why ? grace I do not know why ! she drop back in she seat . tear come . grace all I want be to be a kid ... he take that from I ... they all do ... ( very quietly , dangerously ) they treat I like meat . a piece of meat . fuck I . blow I . Bend over . stick they finger up my ass ... fuck they ! fuck the whole town ! they deserve to die ! a pause . bobby and we Grace ? what do we deserve ? grace ( cry quietly to herself ) " nin chonk , nin chonk , " my mama use to say in Apache . " you worst be do this to you , " she say , " you worst have kill you . " and " be go tsee " -- " you will find out the result of what you have do ... " just when you think it 's over , when you have get away , it begin . Cause you never get away . Bobby stare straight ahead at the oncoming road . can he still love she ? she seem to be read he thought , like she say she could . grace it 's easy to judge someone else when you do not know nothing about it ... I be Apache , Bobby . you do not eat what I eat . you do not see what I see . do not judge I . a silence . two former lover in the dark of a car move through the strangeness of a Arizona desert at night . bobby I do not want to think anymore . grace ( quietly ) then drive ... the light of the car fade until there be nothing but darkness . the SUN come up : ext . canyon - end spot - dawn in the vast reach of a desert canyon , where vulture circle in a hot white sky , we find the mustang park at the edge of a drop . we hear the SOUND of a body be drag . d.j. ( v.o. ) ... nobody 's sure where it be head so fast but the way it hit the semi , it will not be get home now ! hey area weather be gonna be hot ! hot ! hot ! then cold ! cold ! cold ! just like yesterday . just like every day . some surprise , huh ? so if you be plan on anything , do not . you do not like the weather , just wait one minute . get any brain , get up to Alaska and get yourself some trailer park where you do not see no desert for mile and mile ... bobby ( over ) right there ... Drop it there . I get it . bobby be give grace instruction as they drop sheriff virgil potter be corpse over a drop onto some rock 30 yard below . grace see ya , Virgil . God bless . Bobby push he over , he hand hurt . the body crash below . it 's hard work . they head back for the mustang , to retrieve jake be body in the pop trunk . but Grace notice Bobby glance at the baretta now tuck in she waist . the silence be tense between they , the rock and gravel crunching under they shoe as they walk . grace ( indicate the gun ) be this what 's bother you Bobby ? bobby no Grace , my hand 's bother I . grace you think now that Jake 's dead , there 's all that money there and I do not need you anymore , and I might just sneak up behind you sometime and ...pop ! she pull a imaginary trigger on Bobby , mimick the recoil of a gun . Bobby be nervous . grace do not you think I would have do it if I want to ? what can I do to make you relax , baby ? bobby you could give I my gun back . Grace smile . grace why do not we just finish what we start . she stare down at Jake . she can not help feel some old feeling . as Bobby walk back to the front of the car , turn off the annoying radio . he watch as she softly pray over Jake , whose face be conceal by the blanket in which he be roll . grace ( after a moment with Jake ) what do you think happen to someone 's spirit when they die ? bobby I think nothing happen . you be dead meat . that 's it . grace you do not believe in anything do you , Bobby ? bobby I believe in this moment , that 's all . there be nothing else . ( lift Jake by the shoulder ) come on . he must weigh 300 pound . Grace lean into the trunk to take he boot when he make he move , quickly , close on she when she 's off guard . he slam she hard in the face , coldly send she sprawling to the ground , daze . he step over she and grab the gun in she waist , check it . she put she hand to she mouth , feel the blood on she finger tip . she look at he and laugh a wild craze laugh that cut into Bobby like a knife . grace you hit I , Bobby ? you hit a woman , you motherfucker ! do not you momma ever teach you anything ...? her eye go to the gun in he hand and she stop laugh . her calm be extraordinary , as if expect to die . grace well ? for a moment , Bobby do nothing , then he slip the gun through he belt . bobby well , nothing . we dump Jake , we split the money , then you be on you own . grace do not leave I . I want to say with you , Bobby . bobby why ? so when the cop catch up with we you can sell I out again ? grace I be just bait he ! Bobby , I have to tell he that to get he guard down . just like you tell Jake you be go to kill I ! bobby you lie to I all along ! lies , all lie . you mother , you father , what story be you on now ? how come the town do not know you be he daughter ? grace ( in pain ) Cause my Mom sleep around . a lotta man ! anybody could have be my father . but we know . bobby ( not listen ) well you get what you want all along by fuck I . I wish you have tell I the goddamn truth in the first place ! grace ( screw out ) I do not want you to know ! do not you ... unnerstand ? Bobby 's get a headache now . it 's too much to understand , too much talk . too much history have teach he to doubt . bobby when you be finish with I , I be next ! I be there , baby . I be there with other cunt ... sorry , not anymore . I will take you as far as California . if we can make that . after that you be on you own . try Mexico . with all this bread , you can live like a queen . grace I do not want to go to Mexico , Bobby ! please , I really want to be with you . do not blow this . do not you think I care about you ? bobby I think you be a lie , back -stabbing psycho bitch , and one day you will kill I . but it 's nice to know you care ... the expression on Grace 's face change as rapidly as the desert weather , a coldness pass over and through she . grace you do not know you own mind . it block you heart . keeping a wary eye on Grace , Bobby start haul Jake out of the trunk . bobby give I a hand . he wrestle Jake up to a sit position . he grab a can of beer from a warm six - pack in the trunk and shove it into a pocket of Jake 's coat . bobby poor old Jake , a few drink , a fight with the sheriff over he wife . and both of them end up dead . Grace take he boot . bobby time to go for a walk , Jake . grace my mother die in this canyon . bobby save the Mom routine , will ya Grace . it do not work with I . one , two , three ... they lift the corpse , and with great effort , haul it towards the edge of the drop . as they pause on the way , Bobby , wary of Grace 's strange coldness , try to soften the blow of separation . bobby look , it 's not so bad we split up . it might be month before they find this guy . if at all . I mean with the mountain lion around here . remember , if they can not find no body , there 's no crime ... ( she do not respond . ) we will be in Phoenix by noon . lose this car , get another one . Texas , Mexico be big country , all that money Grace , you will meet someone else , you know , there 's a lot of hope with a $ 100,000 ... they lift Jake again , and move to the edge . grace hope be a four-letter word . bobby but we all need that too . hold he . he prop Jake at the edge , stand , and transfer the weight onto Grace . Jake 's head be on she shoulder . bobby you make a pretty couple . it seem he might push they both over but instead take the gun , wipe it of he print , and slip it through Jake 's belt . bobby won this in a poker game in reno . God know who it 's register to . you shoulda be more careful , Jake . see you later . as he take Jake 's weight off Grace and push it over the drop . Grace watch he go , she eye shifting to Bobby , he back momentarily to she , also watch . she move towards he . Bobby turn , slip on the edge . bobby now all we get to do be try and -- he feel a blur of motion , almost like a bird , and he be fall ... fall , he life come to a end . Grace be stand somewhere up above , briefly see . do she push he ? he do not know . he 's stunne as he fall on the rock next to the body of Jake and Virgil . he scream out in sharp pain . his leg feel break . but he be alive . Grace walk away , cut it all off , deeply shake . she must get away from the past and all this hollow man . she close the trunk of the mustang , get in the driver 's seat , reach for the ignition key . her hand fumble for it a moment . it be not there . grace shit ! she sit there . Bobby be call from below . bobby Grace ! help I , Grace ...! we be through too much together . we have only have one day , but you and I have be through more than most people ever will . I know you be angry at I , and , you know , you be right ! I be sorry I hit you . I be wrong about leave you . you do not belong in Mexico . she finally get out and walk back to the edge of the cliff , look down . bobby thank you . thank you . I ... I know you would not leave I , Grace . grace Bobby ? be you all right ? bobby I bust my leg ! grace can you make it back up ? bobby Grace -- in the trunk of my car be a tow rope . it should reach down here . go get it , throw it down . she look . of course the trunk be close . she close it . grace Bobby , the trunk ... it 's lock . throw the key up to I . I will get the rope . Bobby 's eye pass over Jake a few foot away , he eye stare upwards in death . they take in the gun still attach to he waist . he know the trunk be not lock when they take Jake out . bobby I can not throw that far . you get to climb down here and get the key . you can make it . it 's the only way Grace . Grace look down at the drop . it 's a tough descent but she know she could make it and get back up as well . bobby Grace !... please , Grace ! you have to help I . Grace take a look around . grace okay . I be come . calm down ! she start down the cliff face . as she descend , he talk deliriously . bobby ( off ) I know you would help I . I know you would not leave I baby , cause we be tie together too close . we belong together always . Grace make it to the bottom of the drop , and walk cautiously towards Bobby . grace ( yell back , echoing ) Bobby ! do not flip out on I . I can not do this alone . I know you do not trust I , but you gotta pull yourself together , I be not gonna leave you ... I never want it to go down like this . it be different with you Bobby . you have dream like I . you listen ... I would have go anywhere with you , Bobby . we can make this work . I be sorry ... I really be . I do not wanna hurt you . can he believe she ? she sound so sincere this time . she 's head for the body of Jake . and the gun . Bobby know that and be already crawl there . bobby ( as he crawl ) they be right here , Grace . the key . come get I out of here ... know why else I could never leave you ? grace why 's that ? bobby ' Cause I love you . inching closer . closer . they meet at the apex of Jake 's corpse . grace and I love you too . bobby and love 's a funny thing . sometimes I do not know if I want to love you ... Grace lean close to Bobby . he dangle the key out in front of she , but she do not reach for they . her eye go to Bobby . she reach for he . at that instant Bobby 's hand shoot out and clamp hard around she . a sharp gurgle be all that escape Grace as Bobby twist the life from she , as Jake leer up at they . bobby ... or kill you . Grace twist and flail in Bobby 's hand , but in spite of he bleed stump , he hold she like a bear trap hold a grizzly . bobby I love you Grace , but I just can not trust you ! she look at he , try to protest , shaking she head . Grace 's flail go into overdrive . somewhere in he semi-delirious state , Bobby 's eye might notice the gun at Jake 's waist be no longer there . Grace manage one word : grace Jake ... bobby he can not help you now , honey ! Bobby be in agony as he kill she , part beast , part lover , he kill that which he love . suddenly , a shot be hear . Bobby buckle with the blast , hit in the side . he kill she with one last wrenching thrust of he hand , break she neck . Bobby look down at Jake 's gun , which she clutches in she hand , and see the hole in he side and the river of blood that flow from it . he manage to stand , look at Jake ; they body lie side by side . Bobby , with great difficulty , claw he way back up the rock to the car , he fast - flow wound stain the white rock with blood . he make it to the top and , lose more blood , climb into the driver 's seat . he check the money in the bag . all there . all he . as he pull a huge clot of blood from he side , the vulture circle . perhaps one , smarter than the other , land close by . it spook Bobby but he 's okay . he look in the mirror . bobby you be still lucky . he put the key in the ignition , the engine come to life . bobby ( wave back ) adios -- suddenly , the radiator hose darrell install blow apart loudly . Bobby know exactly and immediately what it be as a cloud of steam now roll from under he hood . he shake he head , frustrated . bobby ( sigh ) oh shit !... ( then ) Arizona . he can not help but laugh at he bad luck . as we rise off the desert floor and take flight with the vulture , eventually leave they all as speck of earth in the vast empty canyon of Arizona . the end