HorrorLair - Blue Velvet script < !-- /* break-out-of-frames script by website abstraction ( http://wsabstract.com) over 400 + free script here ! above notice must stay entact for use */ if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> < !-- google_ad_client = " pub-7685866183814465 " ; google_alternate_ad_url = " http://www.horrorlair.com/defaultad_486.html " ; google_ad_width = 468 ; google_ad_height = 60 ; google_ad_format = " 468x60_as " ; google_ad_channel = " 0948875253 " ; google_color_border = " cccc99 " ; google_color_bg = " cccc99 " ; google_color_link = " 333300 " ; google_color_url = " 666633 " ; google_color_text = " cc3300 " ; //--> B L U E V E L V E T screenplay by David Lynch fade in : fold of blue velvet undulate ever so slowly . with title dissolve to : 1 . ext . beaumont ' front lawn - day Blue sky . pan slowly down to clean white picket fence , with beautiful red rose in front of it . bird chirp in the distance . a faint sprinkler SOUND be hear . very sweet music be play . dissolve to : 2 . ext . tree - day a songbird sing in the tree . dissolve to : 3 . ext . crosswalk - shady STREET - day a very clean uniform , smile policeman with arm outstretch allow clean happy school child to cross the street safely . dissolve to : 4 . ext . shady STREET - day a bright red gorgeous fire engine be move very slowly down the street . we move in to see the happy face of a fireman . dissolve to : 5 . ext . flower garden - day yellow tulip sway in a warm afternoon breeze . dissolve to : 6 . ext . beaumont ' front lawn - day the same white picket fence with rose in front of it . panning slowly now away from the rose down to the rich green lawn and over to the sprinkler which go around and around shoot water droplet sparkling in the light . this be slightly slow motion and dreamy . dissolve to : 7 . ext . beaumont ' front lawn - day closer on water droplet . the water droplet be somewhat abstract as they dance in the light . pan down now to the green grass , travel along the grass . the music become fainter as we move suddenly under the grass , now as if in a dark forest . slowly moving through . the grass be like great timber . it be getting darker and ominous sound come up as we discover black insect crawl and scratch in the darkness . fade to : 8 . ext . beaumont's front lawn - day mr . beaumont be water flower and grass with the hose . he be dress in khaki trousers , canvas shoe , old white shirt , straw hat and dark glass . close - mr. beaumont watch he water , then look up . the sky and the neighborhood be reflect in he dark glass . he move he false tooth around a little in he mouth , jutting out he chin in the process . he 's think about who know what . he look back down at he lawn . closeup - water on grass the water hit the grass and mat it down . wider - mr. beaumont move the hose over a bush and get a kink in it . Water stop come out of the nozzle and there be a loud hissing noise of water under pressure . closeup - kink in hose loud hissing noise . Mr. beaumont go around the bush and be undoing the kink when he be suddenly hit with a tremendous seizure . closeup - mr. beaumont he 's double over and fall to the ground . he continue to grasp onto the hose . Water shoot crazily onto the driveway and he car . Mr. beaumont seem to be in tremendous pain . CUT to : 9 . int . beaumont ' live room - day Mrs. beaumont be curl up on the couch , smoking a cigarette and watch t.v . it 's a daytime soap . closeup - mrs . beaumont take a big drag of she cigarette and luxuriously french inhale a huge quantity of blue smoke . she 's enjoy she show . CUT to : 10 . ext . beaumont ' front lawn - day closeup - mr. beaumont his tooth be crooked in he mouth now as he try to scream . no sound be come out . water SOUND be loud . wider - mr. beaumont Water be still spraying out over the driveway and onto the car and into the yard beyond . a small boy , gregg , appear wear only white underpant and a white t-shirt . he hold a large red popsicle . Gregg waddle around look at the crazy water show . he hold he hand out to get it wet in the spray . this make he screw up he face in a laugh . he waddle over and look at Mr. beaumont on the ground . Mr. beaumont seem to be worse now , unconscious , but still grip the hose tightly . his clothes be sopping wet . 11 . ext . gregg's house - day screen window of Gregg 's house . Gregg 's mother call out but remain look at a bowl she be hold in she hand . gregg's mother ( call out ) Gregg . billy 's wait for he teddy . she then turn to look out . gregg's mother ( continue ) gregg ! billy 's wait for he teddy , honey . CUT to : 12 . ext . beaumont ' front lawn - day gregg's mother p.o.v. through screen window in the distance , she see Gregg 's back , a bush , some leg with wet khaki trousers and water squirting up in the air . gregg's mother ( v.o . ) tom !!! CUT to : 13 . ext . college campus build - night traveling along sidewalk , bush , to light window of a auditorium . music be hear . 14 . int . college auditorium - night a dance be go on . sixty music play , perform by a live band on stage . College kid dance . a college boy enter the auditorium , urgently look for someone . he quickly approach a girl . college boy Louise ? where 's Jeffrey ? his mother 's on the phone - it 's a emergency . louise he disappear to the men' room a little while ago . I be get very tired of wait - let 's go find he . 15 . int . janitor' quarter - college - night we move into the face of jeffrey . he be hide behind a furnace . he be fascinate by a sight beyond in the darkness of this basement room . he see a male student try to rape he girlfriend . she be cry and tell he to stop but the boy keep force she down toward the ground . force she clothes off she . Jeffrey at this point hear he name be call . each time he hear he name the caller be closer . the boy be now hurt the girl . before Jeffrey leave the furnace room he yell out : jeffrey hey , shit head . leave she alone . do not force girl ! the couple look up but cannot see Jeffrey . the boy be scared and release the girl who promptly pull farther away , cry . Jeffrey leave the furnace room . 16 . int . hallway - college - night Louise and the college student see he and move quickly toward he . college boy Jeffrey , you mother 's on the phone . it 's a emergency . louise thanks for keep I wait so long . as Jeffrey move quickly toward the telephone . jeffrey I be sorry , Louise . 17 . int . phone / hallway - college - night the phone dangle on its cord in the foreground as Jeffrey move toward it in the background . Louise slowly follow Jeffrey , but stay in back of he . Jeffrey pick up the phone . jeffrey hello . Mom ? what 's wrong with dad ?. what 's happen ?. come home ? sure I will . 18 . int . beaumont's bedroom - night Mrs. beaumont sit talk on the phone in a dark quiet bedroom . mrs . beaumont I mean , for good , Jeffrey . CUT to : 19 . int . phone / hallway - college - night closeup - jeffrey jeffrey for good ?. I can not . Mom . not right in the middle of the term . CUT to : 20 . int . beaumont's bedroom - night mrs . beaumont ( now look very tired and poor health ) Jeffrey . honey . you father 's condition be serious . it 's go to cost so much . we just will not have the money to keep you in school . I be tell you this now , so that you can get you thing together and check out of school , honey , or whatever you have to do . it will save you another trip back . you be go to have to work at the store . CUT to : 21 . int . phone / hallway - college - night closeup - jeffrey jeffrey ( cry ) Mom . Louise look at Jeffrey cry , then turn away . Jeffrey hang up the phone . CUT to : 22 . int . beaumont's bedroom - night Mrs. beaumont hang up she phone . just next to the phone travel into a shadow be a winge termite . fade to : 23 . int . girl dorm lobby - college - night Jeffrey be wait in a girl dorm lobby for Louise . Girls be milling around . Louise get off a elevator with some other girl . she force a smile at Jeffrey as she come toward he . jeffrey can not you come to the damn airport ? louise Jeffrey . I can not . I really can not . I have to go to that class tonight . I can not get out of it . I really can not . I love you , Jeffrey . I will miss you . jeffrey alright . I will call you in a couple of day , you know . I will let you know how thing be . louise okay . I will be here . you better git-go . I gotta go too sweetie . I hope you father 's okay . I love you . I be sorry , Jeffrey . jeffrey I love you too , Louise . damn it . I will see you . they kiss . CUT to : 24 . ext . landing strip a plane take off dissolve to : 25 . ext . another landing strip a plane land 26 . ext . airport - night Jeffrey come walk out of the airport , where he mother and aunt barbara , who be a very absent - minded little woman with very thick glass , be wait for he . they be park illegally and another car be honk at they . they trunk be open in anticipation of Jeffrey 's thing . they be wave and yell at Jeffrey to get he attention . he finally join they and kiss he mother , then he aunt . jeffrey hi mom. hi aunt Barbara . they ad lib hellos . mrs . beaumont ( a bit concerned ) where 's all you thing , Jeffrey ? jeffrey this be it . Mrs. beaumont look at Jeffrey . jeffrey I send a trunk home yesterday . this be all I have . aunt barbara you look good , Jeffrey . do you have a nice flight ? jeffrey yeah . how 's dad ? mrs . beaumont he 's alright . we will tell you on the way home . 27 . int . beaumont's car - night they get in the car . aunt Barbara be drive . she be not a good driver and make Jeffrey nervous . he watch she every move from the back seat . they drive on surface street . many gas station , traffic light , bar . mrs . beaumont he have a cerebral hemorrhage and they think there 's some sort of clot , or tumor , or something in there . they be do all sort of test . on the surface , he look pretty good , but there be problem . they think he may have to stay in two week now , at least . you can go see he though tomorrow , Jeffrey . aunt barbara they tore down the a & p , Jeffrey . do you see that ? jeffrey aunt Barbara that be 5 year ago . CUT to : 28 . ext . beaumont ' home - night the car pull into the beaumont ' driveway . the neighborhood be quiet and dark . CUT to : 29 . int . beaumont ' live room - night Jeffrey , aunt Barbara , and Mrs. beaumont enter the live room . Mrs. beaumont turn on a table lamp . a cold circle of light hit the light blue rug . aunt barbara Home again , home again , jiggidy jog . they look at Jeffrey . he look at they . CUT to : 30 . int . jeffrey' bedroom - night Jeffrey enter he small attic-type bedroom , turn on the overhead light , and set he suitcase down . he go to he desk and lean across it to look outside . jeffrey' p.o.v . - ext . STREET the street be dark , except for a pool of light from a street light . closeup - jeffrey a breeze of cold powerful string music blow as we watch Jeffrey stare into space . 31 . int . beaumont ' kitchen / hallway - day Mrs. beaumont be call upstairs to Jeffrey . mrs . beaumont Jeffrey , breakfast be ready . jeffrey ( v.o . ) ( call ) be right down . Mrs. beaumont join aunt Barbara at the breakfast table in the kitchen . aunt barbara this be marvelous jam . be you go this morning ? mrs . beaumont I think Jeffrey would like to see he father alone . Jeffrey come down the stair . everyone say they " good morning , " and Jeffrey sit down to breakfast . jeffrey what time be visit hour ? mrs . beaumont I have make arrangement with Dr. gynde for 10:30 . but Jeffrey , you will have to walk over ; I need the car this morning . jeffrey well . okay . mrs . beaumont Jeffrey , when you see you father . jeffrey yeah ? mrs . beaumont he do not know you be out of school . he think it 's a vacation for you . jeffrey what ? mrs . beaumont it would be too much for he . so please let he think as he do , that you be home just to see he . jeffrey thanks a lot , Mom . mrs . beaumont . Jeffrey !. nobody want you to leave school and go to work in the store . maybe go back to school will be a option one day . I hope so . aunt barbara I think it 's important not to get depressed . Depression be a terrible thing . they say it can bring on illness . jeffrey ( angry ) aunt Barbara . I will try not to get depressed . CUT to : 33 . int . hallway - hospital - day Jeffrey follow a nurse to a hospital room . nurse cindy please wait outside while Dr. gynde prepare he to see you . jeffrey prepare he ? she peer into the room . Jeffrey do too . 34 . int . hospital room - day all he can see be curtain surround a bed and stack of medical machinery . Doctor gynde come out from behind the curtain and walk to Jeffrey . dr . gynde hello Jeffrey . jeffrey hello , Doctor gynde . how be he ? dr . gynde he 's fight hard . Jeffrey . it 's very important that you father do not try to move . he 's be immobilize . it would be very painful for he . sit close . you do the talk and move . he know you be here . he become very emotional . I do not think he like the idea of you see he like this . nurse Cindy go to the bed . she begin to pull the curtain back revealing Mr. beaumont . nurse cindy ( smile a big smile ) Mr. beaumont ! you son be here to visit you . then we see Mr. beaumont . he have numerous tube and needle go into different part of he . a stainless steel device hold he head perfectly still . nurse Cindy pick up a tray and leave . jeffrey ( shocked but conceal it ) hi dad . mr. beaumont ( speak as plainly as possible , but sound like mumble ) hey Jeff . Jeffrey go to he and put out he hand to shake he father 's hand but remember he father cannot move . Jeffrey pat he on the shoulder . jeffrey look like they have get you strapped in pretty good . mr. beaumont ( lip move but hardly any sound ) uh uh . jeffrey be you feel okay ? mr. beaumont ( more mumble ) uh uh . tear well up in Mr. beaumont 's eye . before Jeffrey can stop he he reach for Jeffrey 's hand , then struggle against tremendous pain he manage to form word . mr. beaumont ( more plainly but under strain ) good to see you , son . jeffrey ( hold back tear ) it 's good to see you , dad . Jeffrey squeeze he father 's hand . 35 . ext . vacant field - day Jeffrey be walk down a dirt road on he way home . he kick up little cloud of dust as he walk . he have some time to think about thing . he see a green bottle in the distance . he gather up a few more rock and pitch they one by one at the bottle . he miss . he look for a few more good rock to throw and while look through some tall grass and weed , he see something strange . he look closer . it be a human ear , cover with crawl ant . Jeffrey immediately stand up and look around . all he see be house - some laundry drying - a very peaceful scene . no one seem to be around - no one seem to be watch he . he look again at the ear . we be so close we can hear ant racing frantically around the ear into it . there be dry blood on part of it . Jeffrey find a brown paper bad and use a twig , he push the ear onto it . again , he stand up and look around . in the distance , a man go into the back door of a house . nothing more . jeffery hurry off , carry the bag with the ear in it . CUT to : 36 . ext . police department - day Jeffrey go up the front step ... 37 . int . police department - day ... and to the reception desk . a police officer be stand behind the counter . jeffrey hello . could you tell I if detective Williams be still work here ? police officer he 's up in room 221 . right up the stair . CUT to : 38 . int . room 221 - police station - day Jeffrey enter room 221 and see the desk mark , " detective j.d. william , " however , the desk be empty . two men be talk at the end of the room ; one of they come toward Jeffrey . jeffrey be you detective Williams ? detective william yes . jeffrey my name be Jeffrey beaumont - I live near you . I believe you know my father , Tom beaumont - beaumont 's hardware store ? detective william sure I do . I understand he 's in the hospital . how be he ? jeffrey he 's alright , I guess . I hope . they be do test , that 's why I be home from school . I be over at the hospital this morning and I be go home and in the field behind we neighborhood . there behind vista , I find a ear . detective william ( matter of factly ) you do ? a human ear ? jeffrey yeah . I have get it here in this bag . I think I should bring it to you . detective william yep , that 's right . let 's take a look at it . Jeffrey open the bag and let detective Williams look inside . detective william ( continue ) that sure look like a human ear , do not it ?. let 's run it down to the coroner 's Office and see what they make of it . then , I want you to show I exactly where you find it . CUT to : 39 . int . coroner' office - day Jeffrey , detective Williams , and a old coroner' officer be look at the ear , which be sit in a medical dish on a table . coroner' officer the test will take awhile . meanwhile , we will check the morgue record . I do not recall anything come in minus a ear . the coroner 's Officer turn to Jeffrey . coroner' officer ( continue ) now if you would find a jaw or let 's say , a heart , or even a arm , we would assume that there be a corpse , however , a finger or a ear . the person may very well be alive somewhere . jeffrey what can you tell about the person from the ear ? coroner' officer well . when the test be do , quite a lot . sex , blood type , whether or not the ear come off a dead person . right now , I know what you know . it 's a real human ear . the human be , or be , caucasian . . also . it look like the ear be cut off with scissors . 40 . ext . vacant field - day Jeffrey be out with detective Williams and a crew of officer who have roped off the area and be do a grid search . a police photographer be also there take flash picture all around the field , especially where Jeffrey have tell they he find the ear . detective Williams take Jeffrey aside . detective william by the way , Jeffrey , this story be not go to the press and I be go to ask you to consider all you have hear strictly confidential . do not discuss this business with anyone , but I , or other police personnel . get it ? jeffrey get it . thanks for let I in on as much as you do . detective william come on . I will drive you home . it 's on my way . CUT to : 41 . int . beaumont ' kitchen - night Mrs. beaumont and aunt Barbara be do the dish . the news be on a small portable television . there be a broadcast on the mount crime wave . insert t.v. screen a series of murder be be discuss and a police draw mug shot be show on the screen of the suspect who be at large . CUT to : 42 . int . jeffrey' bedroom - night Jeffrey be sit at he desk daydream . he suddenly pick up the phone , hesitates , then dial . jeffrey hello ?. louise wertham please . Louise ? . be she there ?. Louise ? ( very happy ) yeah ! how be you ? he 's okay . in the hospital for test . ( very serious ) I miss you so much . ( smile now ) what have you be up to ?. Louise , I do not know . I have get to see how my father be . it cost a fortune in that hospital . when do he ask you to that ?. look . I can not stop you . go ahead . just go ahead . I may never be back , go. ahead . look Louise , stop try to explain everything . just do it . let 's talk again in a couple of day or somethin' , okay ?. yeah , I still love you . Goodbye Louise . Goodbye . Jeffrey sit alone in he room , think thing over . slow dissolve to : 43 . int . coroner' office - night close up - ear in mortician' dish very slowly , we move very close to the ear , glide slowly around the crevice approach the dark hole . a huge , low rush of air SOUND , then darkness . slow dissolve to : 44 . int . beaumont ' live room - night low light . Jeffrey enter the room . aunt Barbara and Mrs. beaumont be watch television . aunt Barbara be knitting . jeffrey I be go out for awhile . mrs . beaumont ( look at she watch ) do you want the car ? jeffrey no , I be just gonna walk around . mrs . beaumont alright . aunt barbara Jeffrey . you be not go down by lincoln , be you ? jeffrey ( yell back ) no . I be just go to walk around the neighborhood . do not worry . aunt Barbara and Mrs. beaumont continue watch the television . insert t.v. screen on t.v. we see a man 's shoe . he be sneaking slowly up some stair . CUT to : 45 . ext . neighborhood STREET - night Jeffrey walk along the dark street . the same sombre music play low and slow . some of the house have a few light on , some be dark . some window have a slow uneven blue flash light , indicate the television be on inside . Jeffrey continue walk through the night . in the tree , the shadow continuously re-arrange themselves in mysterious , sometimes frightening pattern . 46 . ext . william home - night Jeffrey finally come to the house he 's be look for . he go up the front walk . now , at the last minute , he feel a little foolish and have second thought about knock on the door . he look in a window . Inside , he see a nicely - light live room . he go ahead and knock . a very pleasant - look middle class woman answer the door . jeffrey hello. uh. my name be Jeffrey beaumont . be detective Williams in ? mrs . william oh , yes , Jeffrey . come in . he will be back any minute now . you be welcome to wait . be it urgent ? 47 . int . william ' live room - night jeffrey I just want to ask he a few question , that 's all . maybe I better go . mrs . william really , he will be home soon , would you like a cup of coffee ? jeffrey ( think a bit ) alright . 48 . int . william ' kitchen - night she lead he back to the kitchen where she have he sit at the kitchen table . she pour he a cup of coffee . mrs . william I be sorry to hear about you father . I know you mother from church . it 's such a shame . jeffrey yeah , I know . mrs . william would you like a piece of cake ? jeffrey no . no thank you . mrs . william it 's a real good chocolate cake . Duncan hine ' devil 's food . real good . jeffrey yeah . okay . 49 . int . william ' live room - night out in the live room , sandy william and she boyfriend , mike shaw , come up from the basement . they be both carry book . Sandy be a very good look , high school senior and Mike be a big , handsome football player type . 50 . int . william ' kitchen - night mrs . william Sandy ?. Sandy and Mike come into the kitchen . Jeffrey have a big piece of chocolate cake in he mouth . mrs . william ( continue ) jeffery , this be my daughter , Sandy , and . she boyfriend , Mike . they all say " hi " to one another . sandy Mike 's gotta go . ( to Jeffrey ) Nice to meet you . mike yeah , nice meetin ' yuh . jeffrey yeah . it be nice meeting you too . they leave and go out the front door . mrs . william ( smile ) he come over to study . jeffrey ( smile big ) yeah . the front door open . detective william ( v.o . ) Pam ? mrs . william in the kitchen , John ! detective Williams come into the kitchen surprised to see Jeffrey . detective william oh. hello , Jeffrey . what 's up ? he kiss he wife . detective william come into the study a minute . jeffrey ( get up ) Excuse I , Mrs. Williams . mrs . william certainly . Jeffrey follow detective Williams into he study . CUT to : 51 . int . detective william ' study - night detective Williams ' study be fill with filing cabinet . the desk have two phone and be cover with papers and folder and a picture of Mrs. Williams and Sandy . the police radio be ask for detective Williams as they enter . detective william ( to Jeffrey ) shut the door . detective Williams speak through the radio while Jeffrey shut the door . detective william ( continue ; in radio ) detective Williams here . yeah . tell he to go to sergeant milton . yeah , copy . ( click off radio , turn to Jeffrey ) well , Jeffrey , you find something which be very interesting to we . very interesting . I know you must be curious to know more . ( scratch the middle of he back ) but . I be afraid I be go to have to ask you not only not to tell anyone about you find , but also not to ask more about the case . one day . when it 's all sew up , I will let you know all the detail . right now , though . I can not . jeffrey I understand . I be just real curious like you say . detective william I be the same way when I be you age . I guess that 's what get I into this business . jeffrey it must be great . detective william and it 's horrible too . ( a cold look come over detective Williams ) I be sorry Jeffrey . that 's the way it have to be . anyway . I be sure you do understand . Jeffrey study detective Williams ' face as they walk back to the live room . 52 . int . william ' live room - night jeffrey ( call into the kitchen ) Mrs. Williams ? thanks for the cake . mrs . william ( come out from the kitchen ) oh , you be welcome . Nice to finally meet you , Jeffrey . jeffrey say " goodnight " to Sandy . detective william we will . good night . Jeffrey leave and they shut the door behind he . 53 . ext . william home - night as Jeffrey leave the light of the front yard and enter onto the dark sidewalk , he hear Sandy call out behind he . sandy be you the one that find the ear . Jeffrey stop and turn around . Sandy come up to he . jeffrey yeah , how do you know ? sandy ( coyly ) I just know , that 's all . I remember you from Central . 54 . ext . neighborhood STREET - night they slowly walk down the street together . jeffrey oh yeah ? sandy you be pretty popular . do not you run for some office ? jeffrey yeah I do . treasurer . should not you be study or something . sandy be I bother you ? jeffrey no . you be not bother I . you a senior ? sandy yes . jeffrey how be Central this day ? sandy terrible . boring . jeffrey what else be new ?. right ? sandy yeah . what be you do now ? jeffrey I be home from school . my father 's in the hospital . sandy that 's too bad . jeffrey what do you know about the ear ?. anything ? sandy do not my father tell you not to talk about it ? ( she smile ) jeffrey come on . you bring it up . do you know anything ? sandy I do not really know much but bit and piece . I hear thing . my room be right above my father 's office . the ear . there 's no corpse in the morgue miss a ear , and it do come off a live person . that 's direct from the coroner 's Office . the person be unknown . there be a couple of case I get mix up on , but I think there be some people who be bring in for question on a murder case that could have something to do with the ear . I hear some of the same name . jeffrey do you know who be bring in for question ? sandy there be at least three , maybe four . but a name that keep come up be this woman who life in a apartment building very close to you house and also close to the field where you find the ear . there 's also a business man over by the Franklin factory district that be question . and a musician . and some other . jeffrey be all this people question this afternoon ? sandy no. this have be go on for some time . several month . about six month ago some part of body be find down by the river . they be from people who be report miss . they never find one complete body . only part . jeffrey the ear be from a miss person maybe ? sandy maybe so . jeffrey it 's a strange world be not it ? do you know what building the woman life in ? sandy yeah . it 's close by . that 's what 's creepy . they have have she under surveillance for a couple of month , except I do not know what they have find out because my father be not in charge of she . jeffrey I guess you have to get back home soon ? sandy not really , why ? ( then she understand ) you want to see the building ?. come on , I will show you . CUT to : 55 . ext . lincoln STREET - night Jeffrey and Sandy walk through the light of a street light . the street sign " lincoln ST " can be read . they walk into darkness and continue down to a apartment building on the right side of the street . sandy ( nodd toward building ) that 's the building . she life on the seventh floor . do not stop to look long . the police be watch . jeffrey where be they ? sandy I do not know . you be not suppose to see they . they be suppose to see you . they begin walk slowly back to Sandy 's house . jeffrey do they find out anything when they question she ? sandy I do not know . like I say , she 's not my father 's case . jeffrey oh yeah . what about that other people ? . anything ? sandy my father be watch the businessman . the businessman have a partner who disappear . leave he whole business and family , he wife and two kid . they think he 's be murder . jeffrey you really do hear a lot , do not you ? sandy yeah , I guess so . ( they continue walk ) what be you go to do now that you be home ? jeffrey I have to help out in my father 's hardware store . they be give I sort of my own hour for a while . which be nice . sandy still , it must be kinda rough . jeffrey it 's not bad . but it 's bad enough . it 's a lot worse for my father . ( Jeffrey point to a house ) I use to know a kid who live there and who have the biggest tongue in the world . Jeffrey and Sandy both laugh . sandy what happen to he ? jeffrey I do not know . he move away . CUT to : 56 . ext . neighborhood STREET - night a long shot Jeffrey and Sandy walk and talk , sometimes laugh in the distance , while the music theme , haunt yet warm , play over . 57 . ext . william home - night they arrive back at Sandy 's home . closer on jeffrey and sandy in front of Sandy 's home . sandy I have gotta go in . jeffrey thanks for the tour . it be nice talk to you . Sandy just look at he shyly before she turn to go up the front walk . jeffrey ( continue ) I guess I will see you sometime . sandy I guess so . like you say . it 's a strange world . jeffrey ( smile ) yeah . good bye . Jeffrey watch as Sandy go inside she house . he watch she house for a moment and see she cross the live room . he turn and walk away . again , the mysterious chord of music swell up as Jeffrey walk through the night . CUT to : 58 . int . beaumont's hardware store - day Jeffrey be poke around in the back room . he pick up some bug spraying device . he yell out to a old black man who work in the store . jeffrey hey , Ed , okay if I borrow this bug spraying rig later on ? Ed peer into the back room . spot Jeffrey . ed listen Bud . if you need to spray for bug they be yours . it cause I no pain . jeffrey okidoke Ed . thanks . CUT to : 59 . ext . beaumont's hardware store - day Jeffrey put the stuff in the trunk of the car . there be several " awake " magazine there too . he get in the front seat and drive off . CUT to : 60 . int . beaumont ' car - day Jeffrey drive . he look at he watch . it be 3:30 . 61 . ext . central high school - day Jeffrey be park across the street from the school . High school kid be pour out the front door . in a moment he see Sandy come out with two or three other girl . they walk down the sidewalk away from Jeffrey . he start the car and slowly follow they to the corner , where he pull up alongside of they . very close . Sandy suddenly recognize he . jeffrey you hungry or thirsty , or both ? sandy ( take back ) I do not know . jeffrey I would like to talk to you about something . sandy just a minute . pull over and wait a minute . Sandy pull she girlfriend away from Jeffrey 's car and say something to they . there be some whisper and giggle and then , sandy ( to the girl ) please , do not say anything to Mike . promise ? the girl promise . Sandy go around and get in the car . jeffrey I do not want to cause any trouble . sandy I be here , be not I ? jeffrey ( smile as though he know ) I guess Mike 's get some sort of sport practice in the afternoon . sandy ooooo , you be smart . just do not get too smart . CUT to : 62 . int . diner - day Jeffrey and Sandy be sit in a booth . Jeffrey 's grill cheese on white bread and a coke have just arrive along with Sandy 's coke . sandy alright , now tell I . what be it ? jeffrey there be opportunity in life for gain knowledge and experience . sometimes , in some case . it 's necessary to take a risk . I get to think . I will bet a person could learn a lot by get into that woman 's apartment . you know . sneak in and hide and observe . sandy you say it be a strange world . and you be the strangest part of it . be you crazy . she be possibly involved in murder . this give I the creep . jeffrey settle down . I have a plan which I think will work . there be very little for you to do , but I do need you help . . be not you curious about my plan ? sandy ( think and intrigue , plus she be beginning to like Jeffrey ) it would not hurt to hear the plan , I guess . jeffrey ( get excited ) alright . the first thing be to get into she apartment and open a window that I could crawl into later . sandy now , how be you go to do that ? jeffrey right out in the car I happen to have some old overall and a bug spraying rig . I will go to she apartment and be the pest control man . I will spray she apartment . after a few minute you will knock on she door , draw she attention away from I and I will then jimmy a window . sandy what will I say when she come to the door ? jeffrey you will be a jehovah 's Witness . I have a few " awake " magazine for you . you do not have to keep she very long . a few second be all I will need . whatiya think ? sandy I do not know . it sound like a good daydream , . but actually do it be too weird . too dangerous . jeffrey let 's just try the first part . if that go well , we will see about the rest . no one will suspect we , because no one would believe two people like we would be crazy enough to do something like this . sandy you have get a point there . CUT to : 63 . int . beaumont ' car / lincoln street-day Jeffrey and Sandy be in the car . Jeffrey be struggle to put on the old overall . jeffrey now . we will walk over so there 's no license plate and you give I at least three minute . I can stall if it 's more , but I need time to find a good window .alright ? sandy alright . jeffrey let 's go . 64 . ext . lincoln STREET - day they get out of the car . Sandy have the " awake " magazine . jeffrey okay , I be go ahead . wait a minute , what 's she name ? sandy oh bother . dorothy vallen , seventh floor . look on the mailbox for she number , bright boy . jeffrey thanks . dorothy vallen . okay . good luck . three minute , no sooner . sandy alright . good luck , yourself . Jeffrey take off in the direction of the apartment building . CUT to : 65 . ext . apartment build - day Jeffrey walk up the front step and go in the double outer door . 66 . int . lobby - apartment build - day he look up and down the mailbox and finally find " D. vallen , apartment number 710 . " Jeffrey go into the lobby . CUT to : 67 . int . stairway - apartment build - day Jeffrey climb the stair . a old lady be make she way down the stair . she see Jeffrey and he rig . old lady well , it 's about time you come . Jeffrey force a smile at she and after she 's go . jeffrey ( to himself ) that 's a good sign . he keep climb . he arrive at the seventh floor. and find number 710 . he knock and wait . he look around . the hallway be empty . dorothy vallens open the door . she be a very beautiful woman in she late thirty . she have a beautiful full figure , dark eye , black thick wavy hair . full red lip . right now , however , she look a bit tired and a bit frumpy in a old terrycloth robe . dorothy yes ? what be it ? jeffrey pest control . gotta do you apartment . dorothy oh God , that stuff stink . jeffrey ( as he go in ) nope . it 's new stuff . no smell . dorothy oh yeah , that 's good . 68 . int . dorothy's apartment - day Jeffrey go all around the baseboard , spraying . all the while he 's get a good look around the apartment . there be a window above the kitchen sink out to the fire escape . Jeffrey look around to see what dorothy be do and she be watch he spraying . the apartment be smaller than he think , so he spray the kitchen very slowly and make believe the sprayer be jamme . suddenly , there be knock at the door . dorothy what be this . Grand Central Station ? she open the door . Jeffrey look . it 's not Sandy . a man , with a yellow sport coat , be stand there . Jeffrey begin to sweat , because the man look around dorothy to see he . dorothy say something to the man which Jeffrey can not hear . the next time Jeffrey look up , the man be go . the whole thing look to be turn out badly when Jeffrey spot a key on the counter . on a long shot , he steal it just as the front door shut . he wrap thing up and get out . jeffrey ( to dorothy ) that oughta do it . dorothy yeah . 69 . int . stairway - apartment build - day Jeffrey leave . out on the stair , he find Sandy with she " awake " magazine . sandy be you alright ? jeffrey yeah . let 's get outta here . what happen ? as they go downstairs , sandy I be just about to go to the door , when that man do my job for I . be it alright ? jeffrey yes and no . do you recognize he ? sandy no . I only see he back . he go down another stairwell at the end of the hall . jeffrey I do not get a good look at he either , but he sure look at I . I do not have time to get a window , but I find this key . ( he show it to she ) pretty nifty , huh ? sandy yeah , if it open the door . jeffrey yeah . 70 . int . lobby - apartment build - day they get to the door of the apartment building . jeffrey you go first . 71 . ext . lincoln STREET - day they leave the building separately . when Jeffrey get to the car , Sandy be not there . he look around . he start the car and drive off . there , up ahead , he spot she . he pull over and she get in . sandy so. what 's next ? jeffrey pretty clever . be you game for more ? sandy I owe you . since I goof up this one . jeffrey you do not goof it up , but . you still owe I one . I want to sneak in tonight . it 's Friday . do you have a date tonight ? sandy yes . I do . jeffrey well , it 's Friday night and you be a beautiful girl . I guess you would have a date . that do that . 72 . int . beaumont ' car / william home - day Jeffrey be drive Sandy home . sandy you really want to do this , do not you ? jeffrey I do not want you to get involved , really , I mean , I do , but if something go wrong I mean , like you say , they may be involved in murder . they pull up in front of Sandy 's house . sandy ( make up she mind - against she better judgment ) I will tell Mike I be sick . there 's a game tonight anyway and he will never miss I . afterwards he can go out with the guy . just so the record be keep straight though , I love Mike . what do want I to do ? jeffrey ( study she a moment , then ) first of all , we will have a nice dinner . try to find out where dorothy sing . sandy I already know . the " slow Club . " it 's on Route 7 . jeffrey great . I will pick you up around eight o'clock . be that good ? sandy yeah , but do not pick I up . my father may think it 's strange . I will walk over to you house . I will be there at eight o'clock . jeffrey okay . you better get out before someone see we . Sandy get out of the car and without turn around walk into she house . Jeffrey call out after she . jeffrey see ya ! dissolve to : 73 . int . beaumont ' live room - night insert t.v. screen the television be on . some crime show be play , but the SOUND be very low . the family doctor be over and be give Mrs. beaumont a injection of medicine . aunt Barbara be sit nearby . dr . gynde that will take care of you , france , for another week . I do not want you to overdo thing either . take it very easy . aunt barbara I will see to it , Bill . dr . gynde good . mrs . beaumont I feel fine . dr . gynde that 's not the point . you be under a great deal of stress . do not overdo it . do not be foolish . Jeffrey enter the room - to say goodnight . jeffrey Doctor gynde . my whole family 's sick . what 's go on ? aunt barbara I be not sick . Jeffrey point to he head and make a circular " crazy " gesture . they all laugh , except aunt Barbara . aunt barbara ( continue ) we will see who stay in my will . they laugh again . jeffrey ( to he mother ) can I use the car tonight ? mrs . beaumont of course , Jeffrey . they say they goodnight . 74 . int . beaumont ' car - night Jeffrey and Sandy be look at each other . Jeffrey turn back to drive . Sandy watch Jeffrey drive then she turn and watch the store and shop go by . when she be turn away , Jeffrey turn and look at she . Sandy be think . sandy what 's the plan . jeffrey first of all , we be go to the slow Club to see dorothy vallen . we will watch she for awhile . I would like to hear she sing anyway , and then also we will know she be there and not in she apartment . sandy brilliant . jeffrey then we will drive back to she apartment and I will plant myself there . sandy this be not my usual Friday night ! CUT to : 75 . ext . " slow club " - night the slow club be a sleazy night club on the outskirt of town . it have a dirty trash - strewn parking lot in front of it , where Jeffrey and Sandy park . they get out of the car and enter the club . CUT to : 76 . int . " slow club " - night sleazy maitre D ' ( french accent ) good evening . two ? jeffrey yeah . could we get a small table in the back ? slezy maitre D ' surely , come this way . they follow he and be seat . maitre D ' May I get you something to drink ? jeffrey I would like a ice-cold Heineken . sandy ( she might as well ) that sound good . jeffrey two . maitre D ' two heineken , thank you . the maitre d' leave . on stage a fat comic be tell joke . the joke be tailore for this kind of work - class crowd . the people be laugh . the place be almost full . Jeffrey and Sandy be take it all in . jeffrey ( to waiter ) when do dorothy vallen come on ? waiter ( flustered ; overworked ) I do not know . pretty soon . who know . after the waiter leave , sandy that guy be fill with information . they pour they beer . jeffrey ( raise he glass ) here 's to. a interesting experience . sandy I will drink to that . they drink . dissolve to : 77 . int . " slow club " - night later . Jeffrey and Sandy have just finish dinner . the m.c. be arrange a floral art deco microphone and a saxophone player , a bass player , and a drummer be on stage . m.c. ( very low key ) lady and gentleman . the Blue Lady . miss dorothy vallen . there be quite a round of applause , even though most people continue laugh , talk , and drink . dorothy vallen come out on stage . she smile . the house light be still up . as she sing the first line of " blue moon " the house light go down and a blue spot light come up on she as she sing the word , " Blue . " this be a very sexy and slow version of the song . during the song , Jeffrey and Sandy look at one another with the think that this be the woman whose apartment they be about to break into . Jeffrey and Sandy leave as dorothy start she next song , " blue velvet . " they hear the first few line before they get out the door . 78 . ext . " slow club " - night they hurry to the car , get in , and drive off . CUT to : 79 . int . beaumont ' car - night Jeffrey and Sandy drive through dark area of the city . they do not talk as they drive , but again they sneak glance at one another . 80 . int . beaumont ' car / lincoln STREET - night they turn in to the street where dorothy vallen life and glide to a stop close to the building . jeffery cut the engine . it be very quiet . both be look around to see if anyone be out or watch . Jeffrey try to look up out the front windshield to the seventh floor . it be dark . Sandy move . every tiny sound be hear . Sandy look at Jeffrey for some time , then back at the building . sandy Jeffrey , I do not think you ought to do it . jeffrey why not ? sandy it 's crazy and dangerous . my God . I should not have tell you . jeffrey it will be okay . I do not think you should wait out here though . I think you should go home . can you drive this car ? sandy yeah . but . jeffrey leave it in the front of you house for I . okay ? sandy o.k. jeffrey could you wait a little while . this key may not fit . sandy . I wish you would not do this . it do not make any sense . let 's go somewhere and have some coffee . jeffrey I be go in , Sandy . I will see you tomorrow and tell you how it go . sandy i. I do not want to see you tomorrow . Mike 's come over . jeffrey oh , okay . can I call ? sandy okay . yeah , call . jeffrey look. it can wait till Sunday . sandy call tomorrow . it 's okay . good luck . I hope you can sneak out okay . you be go to wait until she 's asleep ? jeffrey yeah . sandy I be go to wait here until she come . jeffrey be you sure ? sandy I will honk four time so you will hear it and know she 's on she way up . okay ? Jeffrey nod . jeffrey okay . thanks . sandy I do not know if you be a detective or a pervert . jeffrey that 's for I to know and for you to find out . I will see you . I mean call you . okay ? sandy okay , okay . bye . Jeffrey get out of the car and shut the door . he look in one more time at Sandy . they stare at each other silently . Jeffrey can see she lip in the black darkness of the car . Sandy watch he cross the lawn and go into the apartment building . she slide over and sit in the driver 's seat . CUT to : 81 . int . stairway - apartment build - night Jeffrey hurry up the stair to the seventh floor . someone come out of a apartment just as Jeffrey get to the seventh floor . he go up another flight of stair to the eighth floor and wait until the man go downstairs . Jeffrey then go back to the seventh floor and go to door 710 . he take out the key and look around . no one . he insert the key . it fit . he turn it . the door open . 82 . int . dorothy's apartment - night he quickly enter the very dark apartment and shut the door . it take a moment for he eye to adjust to the darkness . soon he find he way around . he decide on the closet to hide in . however before he go in to the closet he slowly survey the apartment as well as he can in the darkness . he go down the hallway to the back bedroom . across the hallway he open another door and be surprised to find a empty child 's room . in the child 's room he see a small point hat with a propeller on top . the kind that play music when the propeller turn . the hat be sit silently on the bed post . he quietly close the door . he return to the closet . once inside , he check out how much he can see . through the slat he have a view of half the apartment . this be where he will stay . he move around some to relax . he take several deep breath . he look at he watch . it say " 10:17 . " 83 . int . beaumont ' car / lincoln STREET - night Sandy sit in the car , carefully watch the apartment building and street . 84 . int . dorothy's apartment - night in the closet , Jeffrey shake he shoulder and move around some to stretch he muscle which be get tired . again , he take several deep breath . he look at he watch - it say 12:45 . jeffrey ( to himself ) oh no , hurry up dorothy . come on !. and I gotta pee . great . it 's now or never . Jeffrey sneak out of the closet and make he way across the bedroom to the door of the bathroom . his foot hit the door and it make a loud noise . he freeze . 85 . int . dorothy's bathroom - night he move again into the bathroom . he start to pee . jeffrey Heineken . CUT to : 86 . int . beaumont ' car / lincoln STREET - night suddenly Sandy sit up alert . 87 . ext . apartment build - night a car drive up and a man help dorothy vallen get out . they walk into the building . CUT to : 88 . int . dorothy's bathroom - night Jeffrey instinctively have flushed the toilet and because everything else be so quiet the water sound seem very loud . 89 . int . beaumont ' car / lincoln STREET - night Sandy begin to honk the horn . 90 . int . dorothy's apartment - night unable to hear the warning horn , Jeffrey nonchalantly leave the bathroom as the tank be still fill . suddenly , he hear something . a key go in the door . he bolt toward the closet . he fly inside it and be swinging the door shut as the front door open . just as suddenly , the toilet tank get full and the water shut off - silence , except for dorothy vallen at the front door . dorothy ( v.o . ) ( we be watch Jeffrey try to control frighten breathe in the dark closet ) thanks Jimmy , see you tomorrow . you want a drink , or something ? jimmy ( v.o. ) I better get back . thanks anyway . dorothy goodnight . jimmy goodnight now . the front door shut and the live room light go on . Jeffrey can see dorothy come toward he . she walk right up , almost to he face , when the phone ring . she turn immediately and go to answer it . Jeffrey almost pass out . he think he would have it . he overhear . dorothy ( on the phone ) hello. yes. yes sir , Frank . let I talk to he . please Frank , sir . I like to sing Blue Velvet . Don ? it 's okay . do not worry . Don ??. can you hear I ? be little donny ok ? be he there ? Don ? you mean meadow Lane ? Frank ?! what 's the matter with he ? I know . when ? okay . in a hour . I will be sweet . momma love you . okay Frank , sir . she hang up the phone hard and put she head in she hand . dorothy ( to herself ) Frank , you son of a bitch ! she go and sit down and start chew a fingernail . she nervously get up again and look at a frame photograph for a moment then hide the photograph under a pillow on the couch . she put on a record , " for you precious love . " she sit back down and chew she nail again , listen to the music ; she start to cry . she stop herself and take the record off . she start take off she stock . she then take off she dress . underneath , she have on a bra and panty . she cross the live room , go down the hallway into the bathroom . Jeffrey can not see she too well now . she take off she panty in the bathroom . she be now naked . she look at herself in the mirror . we see Jeffrey 's face as he watch she . she disappear from view completely and we hear she start a shower . dissolve to : 91 . int . dorothy's apartment - night Jeffrey 's face . he see dorothy - in a towel - come toward he again . he quickly move back into the closet as far as he can . she open the door , reach in and get a blue velvet robe . she do not see Jeffrey even though he be not well hide . she close the door . it click shut . Jeffrey be in almost total darkness . he listen . he can hear walking around , then silence . he hear the kitchen sink water running . he hear she walking again . now he can see she . she sit down on she bed . she look up . just as Jeffrey shift he weight . she look at the closet strangely , but then calmly pick up a book and thumb through it . she slowly get up . Jeffrey do not know what be up . he look but she walk out of view . suddenly , he hear a drawer OPEN , and just as suddenly , the closet door fly OPEN , and there she be with a pistol point right at he . when she realize that someone be really there , she scream once , very loud . dorothy ( crazy scream , then ) get out of there !! get out !! put you hand up , on you head . go on !! get down on you knee - do it !! what be you do ? who be you ? what 's you name ?. what' you name ? jeffrey Jeffrey . dorothy Jeffrey . Jeffrey what ? jeffrey Jeffrey nothing . dorothy you tell I !! let I see that wallet . ( read he license ) Jeffrey beaumont . what be you do in my apartment , Jeffrey beaumont ? jeffrey I want to see you . dorothy what ? be you kid I ? who send you here ? jeffrey nobody . dorothy shit . you better tell I something . jeffrey I be . a experiment . just to see if I could do it . dorothy a experiment ? hey , I have see you before . jeffrey I spray you apartment . I take you key . I really do not mean to do anything but see you . dorothy tell I what you see tonight . tell me. jeffrey ( scared , nervous ) . I see you come in , talk on the phone . get undress . dorothy ( interrupt ) the phone . what do you hear on the phone . tell I . Word for word . jeffrey ( try to remember ) you say hello. to Frank . you want to talk to someone ?. don?. and little donny . you say something about momma love you . and something about a meadow Lane . something in a hour . I do not remember any more . dorothy stare at Jeffrey study he for some time think . dorothy that 's right . that 's what I say . you have a good memory . then what ? jeffrey well . dorothy then what ? jeffrey then you get undress . dorothy how many time have you sneak into girl ' apartment and watch they undress ? jeffrey ( quietly ; feel guilty ) never before this . dorothy how would you like it if someone sneak into you house and watch you . ( get a idea ) get undress . I want to see you . jeffrey no. come on . dorothy no , you come on . take off you pants . I want to see you . jeffrey look . I be sorry . just let I leave . dorothy no way . dorothy move to the kitchen counter and get a knife . she go to Jeffrey . now she have a knife and a gun . he 's scared . dorothy get undress . I want to see you . Jeffrey begin to undress . first he take off he shoe and sock , then he shirt . he undoe he belt and unzip he pants and take they off . now he be only in he underwear . dorothy stand up . he do . dorothy ( continue ) come closer . dorothy have a strange look on she face . she reach out and pull Jeffrey 's underpant down to he knee . she look at he . dorothy ( whisper ) what do you want from I ? jeffrey ( quietly , get very hot ) I . I do not know . dorothy ( whisper ) what do you want ? dorothy be get very dreamy and begin to talk in a childlike voice . she open she robe and pull Jeffrey to she breast . dorothy do not move . do not look at I . Jeffrey 's eye close with nervous ecstasy as dorothy begin touch he . dorothy do you like that ? jeffrey yes . he try to touch she . dorothy do not move or I will kill you . she look at he . dorothy ( continue ) do you like talk like that ? jeffrey no . dorothy lie down on the bed . he lie down . he look frighten . there 's a knock , knock on the door . dorothy look very frighten . she quickly move a finger to she lip in a " quiet " sign and whisper to Jeffrey . dorothy ( whisper , frantic ) shut up . hurry ! go in the closet . do not say anything or you will get kill . I mean it . knocking be hear louder at the door . Jeffrey pick up all he clothes and get in the closet . he 's naked and hide in the closet . dorothy close she robe and glide to the front door . Jeffrey see frank come in . Frank be medium height and stocky with a burr hair cut . he be wear a tight blue t-shirt and a old black sport jacket . he 's get on a pair of blue jeans and boot . he have a raw , mean sexuality - a " bomb about to go off " - presence . he come into the room slowly , always look at dorothy . he sit on the couch . dorothy hello , baby . frank ( annoyed , condescending ) shut up . it 's daddy . shithead . dorothy hello , daddy . frank ( can not - you -remember - anything - attitude ) . my bourbon . dorothy go into the kitchen to get Frank he drink . as she pass the closet , Jeffrey can see the fear in she face . she return with a small glass of bourbon and hand it to Frank . Frank sip on it . frank . sit down . get you chair . dorothy bring a small chair over from the wall and sit down . she adjust she robe . frank ( study she ) . spread you leg . dorothy slowly spread she leg . she can see Jeffrey stare out of the darkness of the closet at she . frank wider . she open she leg wider . Frank look at she crotch and drink he bourbon . he stare at the floor for a moment , then slowly look back at dorothy , she body - she crotch . dorothy look up at the ceiling , wait . Frank suddenly reach to he belt , where he have a small canister and a mask . he open a valve on the canister and place the mask over he nose and mouth . the canister be fill with helium , which make Frank 's voice very high and strange sounding . the result be frightening . frank ( high voice ) . mommy . dorothy jump . she keep look at the ceiling . frank ( continue , with high voice ) . mommy !. dorothy ( frighten ) . mommy 's here . frank ( high voice ) baby want to fuck . then , Frank 's voice go to normal . frank ( normal voice , but loud - like a army order to himself ) get ready to fuck ! Frank go to dorothy and kneel down in front of she . he take one more gasp of helium . frank ( high voice ) baby want blue velvet . dorothy open she robe and give a part of the robe to Frank . dorothy ( whisper ) okay . Frank slowly move Frank slowly move he mouth to the robe and run he lip along the texture of the velvet . his hand rub the velvet and feel dorothy 's body underneath . his hand start feel she breast as he suck and bite the velvet robe . dorothy be very frighten but she be get hot in spite of she fear . then Frank , in a sort of sicken way , pull dorothy down to rug . he warn she . frank do not look at I ! he begin stuff part of the robe into she mouth . then , he push she arm back and she keep they back , let Frank have he way . Frank suck and bite the velvet come out of she mouth , while he pinch and feel she breast in a strange , compulsive , timidly sicken way . dorothy be moan . Frank be breathe very heavily . he feel she crotch . frank do not look at I !!! ( heavy breathe ) daddy 's home . he start stuff the robe in he mouth now and he get on top of dorothy . he start humping she and pull she nude body up and down he . faster and faster , then he have a climax in he pants . dorothy 's head be fall back . she can see Jeffrey blurred in the distance - in the closet . cautiously , she look sideways at Frank . frank ( scream ) do not look at I !!! he slug she in the face . his nose be run and he 's stifling sob from deep within he . on he hand and knee , he move away . the robe pull out of he mouth . his breathe be even heavier now . he stand and begin to move around the apartment . he go to a wall , turn off the light , then turn and walk into the bathroom , all the while breathe big , heavy breath , try to stop the cry . dorothy moan softly . it get very quiet and still for a moment . then , Jeffrey hear Frank with he high helium voice talk to himself in the bathroom . the high , strange sound reverberate in the distance . Jeffrey can not make it out - soon , he hear Frank 's high laugh . Frank come back into the live room . the mask be around he face . all he breathe - every sound be high . he laugh a little and cross the darken room to the door . frank stay alive baby . see you next Christmas ! Frank leave and shut the door . the apartment be silent except for dorothy 's moan . Jeffrey be stunne . he do not move . he watch dorothy in the half -light . she roll over and start cry . the cry be deep and genuine . slowly , Jeffrey emerge from the closet and go to she . he bend down and touch she . she flinch and turn to see he . she turn back sobbing . he try to get she up . jeffrey why do not you come lie down . come on , I will help you . she struggle up with Jeffrey 's help and he take she over to the bed . she fall down on she side , turn toward the wall . he cover she with the sheet . dorothy do not . ( refer to the sheet ) I do not like that . what do you want ? jeffrey nothing . be you alright ? dorothy sure I be alright . ( she start cry again ) jeffrey I will go then . he start to put on he underwear . they be inside out . he try to turn they around . dorothy Don ? jeffrey no . dorothy don. hold I . I be scared . hold I . please . Jeffrey turn to she . he study she . he reach out and take she shoulder . he move down and hold she . dorothy ( whisper ) thank you . honey . jeffrey ( whisper ) it 's okay . it 's okay . they lie together for a long silent moment . dorothy do you like the way I feel ? jeffrey ( hesitates ) yes . dorothy see my breast ? . see ? Jeffrey look . jeffrey yes . dorothy see my nipple ? jeffrey yes . dorothy ( whisper ) you can kiss they if you want . fell they . they be get hard . Jeffrey start to move closer . dorothy close she eye . dorothy ( continue ) go ahead . I do not mind . Jeffrey can not help himself . he lick and suck she nipple and feel she breast . they both be get very hot . dorothy feel I . Jeffrey be all over she now . dorothy suddenly seem to recognize he . dorothy you can hit I , if you want to . jeffrey no. please . I will not . dorothy arch back and whining she throw she head back hard against the wall . jeffrey stop it ! she move and will not let he feel she anymore . she hold he hand away . dorothy ( whisper ) do you like I ? jeffrey ( whisper ) yes , I like you . dorothy ( whisper ) you can be my special friend and come and put that in I . they start make love . suddenly , dorothy start cry . jeffrey what 's the matter ? suddenly dorothy slap Jeffrey in the face . very hard . dorothy get off I . Jeffrey get off she , press he hand to he face . dorothy go into the bathroom cry all the way . Jeffrey sit , confuse . suddenly Jeffrey hear a horrible scream from dorothy . a true scream of horror . he rush into the bathroom to see what be wrong . 92 . int . dorothy's bathroom - night she be just flush something down the toilet . the water SOUND rush . he turn to she . she be tremble and in a state of shock . dorothy I make it go down the toilet . jeffrey what ? he look in the swirl water . it look like a ear revolve around and around then whatever it be disappear . dorothy I make it go down the toilet . Jeffrey look up . he see write with a bar of soap the word " look down " on the mirror . he look down into the sink . at the bottom he see a small clot of blood and a smear of fresher blood . Jeffrey suddenly remember mentally Frank 's high helium voice reverberate in the bathroom . 93 . int . dorothy's bathroom - night flashback Frank in bathroom . 94 . int . dorothy's apartment - night flashback Frank at door say " see you next Christmas . " 95 . int . dorothy's bathroom - night jeffrey ( inner voice ) next Christmas . be he Santa Claus who have leave a present for dorothy ? what be it ? a ear ? another ear ?!! ( out loud , to dorothy ) what be it ? dorothy ( strangely - extremely frighten now that Jeffrey may have leave it ) do you know ? jeffrey no . dorothy ( breathe heavily , strangely ) you do not ? jeffrey no . what be happen ? dorothy maybe you do not know . I know you though . you be Jeffrey beaumont and I know where you live and I know way to get you and I know way to kill you . jeffrey please do not talk like that . you be upset . I be not help you . I be sorry for what I do . I better go . dorothy go then . I can not let you put it in I now but I want you . I like you . jeffrey then do not talk about kill . dorothy do I say that ?. I do not mean it . or do I ? ( laugh ) sometimes I think it would be fun . ( strange smile ) go ahead , you better leave now . I can not open myself to you now . I will tell you a little secret . ( she lean close ) I want to die . jeffrey do not say that . dorothy it 's a secret so do not tell anyone . some day I will show you where . I have gotta go to sleep now . jeffrey ( frighten by she craziness ) o.k. he take another look at the blood in the bottom of the sink . he take another look at the beautiful dark troubled eye of dorothy vallen , and turn , go through the hall to the live room . he cross slowly to the door , suddenly he turn back and enter the hallway go down to the bathroom . he stop and look at dorothy who be turn away from he . she stare into the sink . Jeffrey notice that a square of fabric have be cut from the bottom of she blue velvet robe jeffrey I be leave now . she be whisper something to herself . dorothy ( very faint whisper ) help I . help I . please help I . Jeffrey do not know what he can do . 96 . int . dorothy's apartment - night Jeffrey turn back , go through the live room . he look around and see the empty bourbon glass of Frank 's . suddenly he remember the photograph that dorothy hide . he pick up the pillow and see a picture of a smile man and a small boy stand next to he wear a point hat with a propeller . he turn the photo over and find a old marriage license . it read : dorothy vallen to don. jeffrey ( v.o. ) Don . oh my god. he hide the photo again . he see dorothy 's telephone . he memorize the number - move he lip with each digit . he go to the front door and open it quietly . 97 . ext . stairway - apartment build - night he look out into the hall . it 's empty . 97a . int . hallway - apartment build - night he quickly go to the back stairway and down the stair . this step be cement and he foot make echoing sound which seem very loud . he go through a door mark " exit " . 98 . ext . lincoln STREET - night . and come out , cross a lawn and go out onto the sidewalk . he walk along take in deep cleanse breath . he look at he watch . 2:30 . he feel so confuse , exhilated , so uneasy . he secretly worry about what he 's get into . 99 . int . beaumont ' live room - night Jeffrey enter the house . the camera rush along the rug in the dark to a foot . the light come on . pan up the leg to Mrs. beaumont wait in a chair , stare . jeffrey ( startle ) god. you scared I . mrs . beaumont be something wrong ? what 's happen to you face ? jeffrey nothing . I be fine . mrs . beaumont you can not just stay out half the night and carry on , Jeffrey . there 's get to be some order , Jeffrey . I think it would have be nice to call you father when you get home but now it be much too late . fade to : 100 . int . jeffrey' bedroom - day Jeffrey get out of bed and go to the phone . he dial a number . jeffrey Louise wertham , please . okay . ( wait ) Louise ?. Jeffrey . hi . what 's up ? ( pause ) married ?! good night ! Louise ! be you kid ? ( long pause ) well , Louise , I wish you a lot of luck and if thing do not work out , I think you should go into comedy . Jeffrey hang up the phone hard . he shake he head . 101 . int . beaumont ' hardware store - day Jeffrey 's drink a cup of coffee behind the counter in the store . he think . he take another drink of coffee and set the cup down . he clasp he hand behind he back and begin pace up and down . jeffrey ( to himself , out loud ) how can I help she ? I can not tell she to go to detective Williams . she will think I be a policeman . she have my address . she can go there . if she have to . I will tell she . and her. and she think I be don. she husband ? where the hell be Don ? - maybe he die . Jeffrey dial the phone . jeffrey hello ?. Mrs. Williams ?. this be Jeffrey beaumont . fine. okay . be Sandy there ? okay . hi Sandy . can you talk ? he be ?. well , I guess I will talk to you later on . it go okay . I will tell you about it . dinner ?. tomorrow night ? Seven o'clock , yeah , sound good . okay . he 's still in the hospital . okay , yeah . see you tomorrow . thanks . 102 . int . hospital laboratory - day the search , mysterious music play over while , a doctor be look at various blood sample under a powerful microscope . various sophisticated gadget be see in closeup . jeffrey ( v.o. ) this be what my father 's disease look like ? dr . gynde yes . the blood be see in closeup . cell be move . the Doctor make a change in magnification . the cell be huge - then , even bigger . they be so big we can hear they move . 103 . ext . " slow club " - night the parking lot be half - full . a strong wind be blow trash around . Jeffrey park he car . 104 . int . " slow club " - night . and enter the club . he speak to the maitre d' . jeffrey a table in back , please . maitre D ' certainly dorothy be sing she open song as the maitre d' seat Jeffrey . jeffrey I will have a ice-cold Heineken . maitre D ' one Heineken , certainly , sir . Jeffrey survey the place after the maitre d' leave . it be very dark and smoky inside . he have trouble see , but suddenly he spot Frank sit with some other guy watch dorothy sing . they be sit two table away . Frank be totally captivate by dorothy 's sing and be very serious - look . he look right up to she eye . in he hand he work a small piece of blue velvet cloth with he finger . again she first number , " blue moon , " segues into " blue velvet . " this song she sing mainly to Frank . when it be over Frank continue watch dorothy and everyone else applaud loudly . Jeffrey drink up he Heineken and go back outside . ext . " slow club " - night he look around at all the car but none stand out as franks . he get into he car and pull out across the street , re-park the car and wait . dissolve to : 106 . ext . " slow club " - night traffic roar past Jeffrey and in the distance several people exit the slow club . among they be Frank and he friend . they get into a black Ford fairlane and drive out of the parking lot - down the highway . Jeffrey start he engine and move out after they . he have to gun the car up to sixty - five to catch up with they . 107 . ext . CITY street - night the mysterious music play . he follow they to a intersection where they turn off to the right . he wait at a light right behind they . Inside they be lighting cigarettes . the light turn green and Frank take off . Jeffrey follow they through a dark area down by the dock . he follow they up a narrow street through dark factory . 108 . ext . front STREET - night Dark , low music now . up ahead , Frank park he car . Jeffrey quickly pull over and kill he light and engine . he watch Frank and he friend enter a old apartment building next to a bookbind factory . they disappear within . the electric line above buzz loudly . Jeffrey get out of he car and walk up the desert street . he reach Frank 's car which be make pop and click noise as it cool down . he look at the license plate - walk a few pace ahead and then write it down in he notebook . he continue on to the apartment building . 109 . int . lobby - franks build - night Inside he look at the name on the mailbox . he see a name - Frank Booth . the name give he the chill . the apartment number be 26 . in the distance , he hear footstep . he quickly leave . 110 . ext . front STREET - night . and cross the street down to he car . he get in and wait . Frank come out of the building and cross to he car . jeffrey ( out loud to himself ) I will bet I know where you be go . he follow Frank as he pull out . dissolve to : 111 . ext . diner parking lot - night Jeffrey discreetly park just after Frank kill the engine on he car . he watch Frank leave the parking lot . 112 . ext . vacant field - night he follow Frank through the same vacant lot where he find the ear . he seem to use the lot as a secret short cut to dorothy 's apartment . 113 . ext . diner parking lot - night Jeffrey go back to he car to wait . dissolve to : 114 . ext . diner parking lot - night a storm be building . there be a roar of thunder as Frank slam he car door as he get in . his mouth twist into a smile as he gun the engine and leave . Jeffrey wait till Frank be safely go . jeffrey ( think out loud ) I should not go in . I should not . but I be too curious . and I have to try to help she . he then get out of he car as the wind be building . 115 . ext . vacant field - night . and run through the vacant lot . 116 . ext . apartment build - night . to dorothy 's building . 117 . int . stairway - apartment build - night he go up to the seventh floor and knock twice on 710 . a moment pass , then the door fly open . dorothy look as if she be expect Frank to be come back . dorothy look bad . jeffrey hi. can I come in ? dorothy ( look around the hallway ) yeah . hurry up though . they go inside . 118 . int . dorothy's apartment - night jeffrey be you alright ? dorothy break down cry . dorothy no. I be not . Jeffrey go to she . dorothy why be you here . whatiya want ? jeffrey . i. uh . dorothy ( still cry ) I look for you in my closet tonight . ( a little laugh ) it 's crazy , I do not know where you come from but . I like you . jeffrey that 's not crazy . I like you too . dorothy look up . they stare at each other for some time . dorothy I like be with you last night . jeffrey . same here . there be a loud knock on the door . dorothy ( she start to stagger ) oh shit . jeffrey ( frighten ) Frank ? .can you stand up ? dorothy I be alright . go hide . this will not take long . be quiet . Jeffrey get in the closet and dorothy close the door . she hold she head collect she fragile self . dorothy go to the door and open it . it 's the man with the yellow Sports coat - tonight he 's wear a purple sport coat and light blue double knit pants . his eye be glaze and he face be break out in a sweat . yellow man Frank go ? dorothy yeah . but get outta here . he 's comin ' back . yellow man bull . dorothy alright , suit yourself . yellow man he 's comin ' back ?. what for ? dorothy ( shaking ) ' Cause he 's comin ' back , that 's what for . Frank 's get you really load tonight . yellow man ( get upset ) yeah , maybe so . Frank 's get I . and you . and really it 's all thanks to don. be not it . remember that . you husband be the one who start fuck my mind with drug . dorothy oh he force you , huh ? yellow man he 's the reform dealer though who want to turn himself in . he 's the one that cause Frank to come and Frank 's fuck we real good . I just feel so horny . I be suppose to be here watch you why can not I be here fuck you . listen . I know he cock 's the size of a pin - let I give you the real thing . let I wet my whistle , baby . dorothy ( cool , but real mad ) no way . get out . I be gonna tell Frank . I be gonna tell he what you say . yellow man okay , I be goin ' . you will see . I will get you . dorothy kick the door after he close it , then she chain it . Jeffrey come out of the closet . jeffrey ( talk softly ) Nice guy . who 's he ? dorothy who 's it , you mean . suddenly , dorothy start to shake and cry . Jeffrey grab she and shake she and hold she tight to he . she start sobbing again . dorothy ( continue ) oh god. Don !!! why can not I just die . jeffrey ( quietly , soothing she ) there you go again . stop say that . you can make it . dorothy I can not . I can not . you think you know so much . jeffrey take it easy . what 's goin ' on anyway ?. why be you in so much trouble ? dorothy be sobbing and Jeffrey be hold she . there be a long silence and she calm down . dorothy ( whisper ) i. do not. okay . just do not . just be with I . ( now very strangely ) oh God . come with I . who be you . come up here . dorothy take Jeffrey through the kitchen and out the back . 119 . int . back stairway - apartment build - night . to a back stairway lead to the roof . 120 . ext . rooftop - apartment build - night the storm be closer and the dark cloud move violently in front of a full moon . the wind continue to moan . they move to the roof top and dorothy lead Jeffrey through the chimney to the edge of the building . a very sad forlorn version of " somewhere over the rainbow " - creep through the wind . dorothy ( as she stare down ) look . jeffrey ( turn to she quickly ) no . dorothy ( continue to look down , she eye widen - she whisper ) falling . jeffrey no. please , dorothy . why be you in so much trouble ? he move closer to she . jeffrey ( continue ) who be Don ? dorothy ( very crazy and angry ) Don ?. be you in with they ? jeffrey ( whisper ) no . but you be in very big trouble . dorothy why be you so interested ? why do you keep ask I ? jeffrey I come back to help you . you say do I let girl sneak into my house . you know where I live . if you need to . come to where I live . o.k .? dorothy who be you ? maybe I will need to . you like I , huh ? jeffrey yes . dorothy ( whisper ) . or do you just want I ? I be go to let you enter I now . jeffrey no . I should go . dorothy please . please stay . she make he kiss she . he really like it . once again , Jeffrey and dorothy get very hot . dorothy and Jeffrey lie down on the roof . dorothy cry out suddenly and bang she head hard again and again against the roof . jeffrey why dorothy ? we move very close to Jeffrey 's ear as dorothy 's lip come up and whisper into it . dorothy Don ? I have to make it hurt . I want there to be nothing again . Don !!! ( as she slam she head again and again ) she reach up and clutches Jeffrey then pull he down with a feverish kiss . lighten crack above they and the wind howl . fade to white : fade down to : 121 . ext . lincoln STREET - night Jeffrey leave the pool of light from a street light and walk into darkness . he continue down the sidewalk . he look up at the starry sky . the star be so far away - the feel be cold and lonely . dissolve to : 121a . darkness : there be bell tone sounding , and as each one sound pin point of light appear on Mr. beaumont distort dream face . he be try to speak . he 's try to say " Jeffrey . " 121b . another dark image appear . a robin sit in a tree at night . very close . there be a slow low reverberate chirp sound . 121c . now dorothy 's apartment building at night . a very low angle look up to the roof . suddenly a pinpoint of red appear come toward we from the roof . it fly toward we very fast grow larger until we see it be a red high -heeled shoe . as it fill the screen it become red lip of dorothy 's which open into a scream . 121d . Jeffrey wake in he room - terrify . 122 . int . beaumont ' live room - night Jeffrey be talk with aunt Barbara in the semi-dark live room . jeffrey will you tell Mom when she get home from the hospital that I have go to dinner at Sandy Williams ' house ? aunt barbara okay honey . that sound nice . Jeffrey . I think you have get termite in the house . jeffrey oh yeah ?. have you see any ? aunt barbara I have see a few . jeffrey well , I have not see any . I would not worry about it . look . I better go . aunt barbara okay honey . Jeffrey leave and aunt Barbara move about tapping on the wall . she move into a dark area and tap . something fall . she reach down . in extreme closeup we see a termite walk by she shoe on the thick carpet . then in extreme closeup we see aunt Barbara 's finger pinch the termite and bring it up in front of she thick glass for a look . she look at the termite , then look back at the wall . we glide along the dark wall of the house . CUT to : 123 . int . william ' dine room - night they all sit around the dining room table . they have they head bow in a prayer before dinner . sandy we thank you in the name of the Father , the Son , and the Holy ghost . amen . they start pass food around . mike like I be say . if you toss the ball like this , with you finger just down here , that thing will spin like a beauty . real straight . detective william ( teasing he ) yeah ? then how come nobody catch anything last week ?. mike ( not laugh ) ' Cause we have a bad day . detective william you play any sport , Jeffrey ? jeffrey no . mike look like you would make a good runner . jeffrey well . mike I mean , you do not exactly have the build for a football . I mean . no offense . Jeffrey look around and see Sandy look at he . she then give a stern look to Mike . then Mike and Sandy both look at Jeffrey . jeffrey ( not offended ) no. you be right . mike I mean . some guy play anyway but they usually get slaughter . jeffrey yeah , well I never want to get slaughter much . mike ( not get any humor ) well , most guy do not . I mean that 's the point . you all mind if I take my vitamin ? mrs . william no , Mike . but there be vitamin in the food , you know . everyone laugh . mike yeah , but I gotta supplement that . I gotta take a bunch of zinc too . the body be like a machine . everything have get to stay in perfect tune for perfect health . that 's what I be interested in . Sandy look at Mike . mike oh yeah . and a few other thing . everyone laugh again . sandy we have get some heineken . detective william yeah . I like Bud myself . sandy I will get it . Mike , whatiya want ? mike I guess another glass of water . Sandy and Jeffrey share a look . dissolve to : 124 . int . william ' basement - night Mike and Sandy be sit on a couch in the basement . Jeffrey be sit on a chair nearby . the television set be on . mrs . william ( call downstairs ) who want dessert ? it 's blueberry pie . and ice cream . Jeffrey and Sandy say " yes . " mike none for I , thanks . Jeffrey look over at Sandy . Mike see this . there be more tension grow . mike ( refer to t.v. ) what be watchin ' this junk for ? sandy you can change it if you want to . mike I do not know why we have to watch t.v. sandy Mike . we do not have to watch it . come on . Mrs. Williams come downstairs carry a tray with dessert . mrs . william here you be . would anyone like coffee ? jeffrey that sound great ! mrs . william anyone else ?. alright Jeffrey , just a minute . Mrs. Williams go back upstairs . Jeffrey and Sandy start eat they dessert . Sandy watch Jeffrey happily wolf down he pie . Mike stand up . mike I will be right back . he leave as if he 's go to go upstairs . once around the corner he stop and listen to see what jeffery and Sandy will say to one another . sandy well , how do it go ?. what happen ? jeffrey well . I have find out some thing . nothing really for certain . there be some strange people involved . sandy what do you see ? jeffrey well . ( look around , feel funny ) maybe we should discuss this somewhere else . you know what I mean ? just then , Mrs. Williams start down with the coffee for Jeffrey . she see Mike at the bottom of the stair . this seem strange to she . mrs . william Mike ?. be you alright ? Mike start upstairs . mike ( mumble ) yes . downstair , Jeffrey and Sandy hear that Mike be close by . Mrs. Williams and Mike pass on the stair and Mrs. Williams enter the basement . she throw Sandy a concerned look . just then , Mike call downstairs . mike Sandy ?. could I talk to you a minute ? sandy ( call up ) sure. just a sec . ( to Jeffrey ) Excuse I . 125 . int . william ' live room - night upstair , Mike be by the front door . mike come on out a minute , okay ? sandy okay . they leave . 125a . int . william ' basement - night downstair Mrs. Williams pick up some dish . mrs . william please excuse I a moment , Jeffrey , and I will get to the dish . jeffrey sure thing . please do not worry about I . can I help you with the dish ? mrs . william Nice of you to offer , Jeffrey , but certainly not . just relax and enjoy you coffee . I be sure Sandy will be back soon . detective Williams come to the top of the stair and call down . detective william Jeffrey ? jeffrey yes ? detective william if you want to come up a minute , I will show you some picture . 126 . int . detective william ' study - night Jeffrey enter detective Williams ' study . detective william ( continue ) take a look at this . this be the photo of the vacant lot where you find the ear . you might find they interesting . Jeffrey begin go through the picture . they be 8 X 10 black and white print . mostly they be picture of weed , but they look quite beautiful in a abstract way . as he go through they . jeffrey this be beautiful . how 's the case come ? detective william okay . jeffrey anything you can tell I ? detective william the criminal be win . jeffrey be that why you say it 's horrible ? detective william yes . jeffrey I guess you have see some bad thing . detective william yes I have - so bad I would not poison you mind by tell you . jeffrey why do you do it ? detective william I will not let the bastard get I up against the wall . it 's a act of defiance . jeffrey yeah . I get it . suddenly Jeffrey see something in the black and white photo . a piece of cloth in the grass . carefully he ask . jeffrey what be this ? what color be it ? detective william ( lean over to see ) Blue . it 's Blue Velvet . Sandy come into she father 's study look upset . detective Williams put the photo away . sandy can I use the car for a while ? detective william sure . what 's up ? sandy I want to buy Jeffrey a dairy Queen . jeffrey a dairy Queen ? ( he hold he stomach ) oh yeah ? sure , that sound great . CUT to : 127 . int . william car / neighborhood STREET - night Jeffrey get in and Sandy start the car . she pull out . they drive away . jeffrey what 's with Mike ? sandy he get a little jealous . jeffrey I be sorry , I do not . sandy it 's okay . do not worry about it . the car glide along . Jeffrey and Sandy smile at one another . they drive on . sandy you want a dairy Queen ? jeffrey no way . I be about to blow up . 128 . int . william car / church - night Sandy laugh as she pull the car curbside in a quiet street by a church . the church pipe-organ music drift softly into the night . sandy you want to tell I about it ? jeffrey . ok . it 's a strange world , Sandy . this be what I have find out . what I think I have find out . dorothy vallen be marry to a man name don. they have a son . I think the son and the husband have be kidnap by a man name Frank who have now cut off both of don' ear . I think he be hold they to make she do thing for he . I think she want to die . the ear be for she a warning to stay alive . there be another man involved . I call he the " yellow man " . you see he back the other day in the hall at she door . I do not know what he do but I think he 's on drug supply by Frank . Frank be a very dangerous man . sandy ( quietly ) wow . should you tell my father ? jeffrey I do not see how I can . and I can not prove any of this . I get all this information illegally . also it could get you in trouble . sandy you see a lot in one night . jeffrey . actually . I have be in twice . sandy ( uneasy ) twice . without she sense anything ? jeffrey ( lie ) yes . sandy ( pause ) do you see she undress ? jeffrey yeah . I mean . a little , . you know . sandy yeah ? jeffrey ( a search , slight smile ) that do not bother you , do it ? sandy who , I ? why should it ? jeffrey ( see some jealousy and and happy for it ) that 's what I think . sandy you be sure right . it be a strange world . jeffrey why be there people like Frank . why be there so much trouble in this world .? sandy I do not know . I have a dream . in fact . the night I meet you . ( she reflect silently on this before proceeding ) . in the dream the world be dark because there be not any robin . you know , bird . robin stand for love . and all of a sudden thousand of robin fly down and bring this blind light of love . and it feel like that love would be the only thing that would make any difference . I guess . until the robin come there be trouble . jeffrey yeah I guess so . ( he turn to she ) you be a neat girl . sandy so be you . ( laugh ) I mean you be a neat guy . we better get back . jeffrey I guess so . you want to help I watch Frank ?. I be go to stake out Frank 's place tomorrow . with a camera . Sandy start the car and pull out into the street . they begin drive back . 129 . int . william car / neighborhood STREET - night sandy no , silly - I be still in school you know . but I will meet you after school and you can tell I what you have learn . you better be careful , Jeffrey . jeffrey I will . I will pick you up on the same corner at three thirty - five , okay ? they pull up in front of Jeffrey 's house . sandy okay . be careful . jeffrey okay , Sandy . 130 . ext . beaumont ' home - night Jeffrey get out of the car . he go around to she side and look down at she in the car . she look very beautiful . he stand there for a moment . jeffrey can I give you a kiss good night ? sandy ( pause , tremble ) you better not , Jeffrey . jeffrey okay . okay . sandy goodnight . jeffrey see ya tomorrow . Sandy slowly drive off . Jeffrey watch she go then turn and go inside he house . 131 . int . beaumont ' live room - night the house be very dark and quiet . Jeffrey find a note by the one table light be on . the note be from he mother . it read , " Jeffrey hope you enjoy yourself . see you at breakfast . Love Mom . " a postscript be write on the note by aunt Barbara . " Jeffrey , honey , I find this . Love , aunt Barbara . " Jeffrey see that aunt Barbara have leave he two dead termite . he pick one up and study it . again we see a huge closeup of a termite in the half - light . Jeffrey shake he head in amusement . 132 . int . jeffrey' room - night Jeffrey pace nervously . he pick up the phone and mouth the number he dial dorothy 's number . there be a " click " but no one speak . Jeffrey instinctively speak . jeffrey hello ? frank ( telephone v.o. ) speak to I fucker . Jeffrey hang up immediately . he 's scared . jeffrey ( to himself ) stupid !! so stupid . now she might be in even more trouble with Frank . I hope not . I hope not . tomorrow I have to find out more about Frank . 133 . int . beaumont ' car / front STREET - day Jeffrey have a camera tape and rig to the dashboard aim at the front door of Frank Booth 's apartment building . the camera be cover with a cardboard shoe box . Jeffrey be eat a sandwich which be wrap in wax paper and be wait and watch . a lady step out of the building and begin walk down the step . Jeffrey reach over and remove the shoe box and quickly take two picture . we see a man walk down the street and turn up the step . Jeffrey shoot , but really only get the back of the man . jeffrey damn ! he replace the cardboard box and continue eat . dissolve to : 134 . int . beaumont ' car / front STREET - day later in the day . Jeffrey sit wait . he look at he watch . it say 2:00 . as he look up he see Frank get out of a car with another man . the yellow man . they head for Frank 's building . Jeffrey hurriedly remove the shoe box and begin snap picture . they mount the step and disappear within the old dark structure . jeffrey wow . dissolve to : 135 . int . beaumont ' car / front STREET - day Jeffrey 's watch - the hand - time lapse around to 3:00 . jeffrey ( out loud to himself ) Fifteen more minute . just then , he see movement and take the box off the camera . he start shoot as two men come out the door . it be the yellow man and a man who be very well dress with wavy hair and a mustache . he carry a alligator - skin briefcase frank have disappeared . both be talk together and now laugh . Jeffrey take five or six picture and then try to cover the camera as they approach . the box fall . the yellow man look , but Jeffrey get the box back in time and pretend to be look in the glove compartment . the two man walk right by Jeffrey and get into the car behind he . Jeffrey decide to follow they . he wait a few second and start off . 136 . ext . CITY STREET - day they drive through town . 137 . factory build - day . to a large factory building , park and go up a flight of metal stair on the side of the building . Jeffrey step into the shadow and watch they . at a metal landing they stop . he see they stand on they tip toe in order to see something in the distance . the man with the alligator briefcase be laugh with the yellow man at what he see . he grip the yellow man on the shoulder . Jeffrey can not see what they see from he vintage point . he look at he watch . " 3:25 " . jeffrey you gotta wait for I Sandy . I be on a real roll . he quickly take a picture of the two of they on the staircase . 138 . ext . alley - day . then he go down a alley in the direction they be look . at the end of the alley he turn leave and stop short . 139 . ext . cold storage company - day he see a crowd of people , a ambulance , and two police car . he walk closer . through the crowd he see a break window . hanging in the window be a dead man . blood be drip out of a huge wound to the head . on the sidewalk in front of the building a woman be lie in shock . her leg have be brutally break and be angle back toward she head in horrible position . Jeffrey stand next to two black guy . suddenly one of the police officer start push everyone away . Jeffrey turn to they . jeffrey what happen ? guy # 1 he be blow away man . can not you see ? guy # 2 that cracker be the biggest dealer in this section of the city , brother . the police be go to find more drug in there than you can believe . it 's a speedball heaven in there . jeffrey oh yeah ? what about the woman ? guy # 1 probably just a whore he happen to be with at the time . jeffrey man oh brother . guy # 1 this be the way the world be my man . take a good look . Jeffrey take a last look before check he watch and hurry off . CUT to : 140 . ext . central high school - day Jeffrey drive up to the corner where Sandy be stand . she be frantically look around . Jeffrey stop for she . sandy ( look beyond the car ) go on !!!. go ! Jeffrey look around . a big football player be run up to a chain link fence across the street , but it 's too late - Mike see Jeffrey . everything stop for a moment . then , Mike run off . sandy oh great . 141 . int . beaumont ' car / central high school - day Sandy go around and get in the car . sandy ( continue ) you be late . jeffrey I be really sorry . sandy what be I go to do ? jeffrey you want to go talk to he ? sandy yeah , but . I do not think it 's go to do much good . let 's go . I will try to talk to he later . CUT to : 142 . int . diner - day Jeffrey and Sandy be sit in the diner in a different booth , but have the same thing as before . sandy you know , that cheese be practically all chemical . jeffrey that 's what make it so good . you wanta hear what I see today ? sandy shoot . jeffrey number one . I see the yellow man go into Frank 's building , laugh with Frank . now . the only trouble be . what do this prove ? sandy ( think ) nothing really , but it 's interesting . they know each other . they seem to like each other . jeffrey maybe . but I think the yellow man be on drug . I think Frank supplies he . sandy oh yeah ? jeffrey number two . I see the yellow man come out . this time with a well - dress man with a alligator briefcase . they drive down this factory building and stand on a staircase look at something in the distance . number three . now get this . in the distance be a murder . a drug dealer shot to death and a woman with she leg break . sandy Jeffrey !! jeffrey then this guy tell I the police will find a huge amount of drug inside the dead man 's place . sandy I can not believe what you be find out . be you go to continue with this . be you go back to she apartment ? jeffrey yeah . sandy Jeffrey ?. why ? jeffrey I be see something that be always hide . I be involved in a mystery . I be learn . and it 's all secret . sandy you like mystery that much ? jeffrey yeah . you be a mystery . I like you . very much . Jeffrey stand up and move to she side of the booth . they stare at each other . sandy oh yeah ? Jeffrey lean over and kiss she gently . she pull away . sandy do not. please , Jeffrey . Jeffrey look at she for a moment . jeffrey you worry about I really ? sandy yes. be that so surprising ?. yeah I worry . a lot . I get you into this . CUT to : 143 . int . stairway - apartment build - night Jeffrey wind he way up the staircase of dorothy 's apartment building . he hesitates before crossing to dorothy 's door . he knock on the door and dorothy open it . dorothy come in . jeffrey hello . 144 . int . dorothy's apartment - night dorothy close the door . she chain it . they kiss . the kiss get hotter . the feel begin . they move down the hall to the back bedroom . they have never make love there . as they hurriedly undress Jeffrey see the point child 's hat with the propeller . he pick it up and spin the propeller . it make a bit of music . dorothy shriek as she lurch toward Jeffrey grab he hand , stop he from turn the tiny propeller . she gain some control of herself . Jeffrey release the hat into she hand . dorothy it use to make I laugh .but . jeffrey I be sorry . maybe I better go dorothy . dorothy yes . Frank - jeffrey Frank be come ? dorothy no. how could he ?. do not go . you think I be crazy , do not you ? I want you to stay . ( cry ) . do not hate I . jeffrey ( very nervous ) I sure do not hate you . dorothy I be not crazy . ( think ) I know the difference between right and wrong . jeffrey that 's good . Jeffrey move to get out of bed . dorothy ( she pose ) do you like my body ? jeffrey sure I do . she move closer to he , towards he back touch it with she tongue . she get down in a pose and hold it . dorothy I be a statue . you can feel I . you can do anything you want . Jeffrey 's hand find she flesh and move about . dissolve to : Jeffrey and dorothy be make love in she bed in almost total darkness . dorothy ( dreamily ) what do you want to do ? jeffrey I be do it . dorothy be you a bad boy ? jeffrey whatiya mean ? dorothy do you want to do bad thing ? ( very dreamy ) anything . anything . jeffrey ( whisper hot ) what do you want ? dorothy I want you to hurt I . jeffrey no . I tell you . I do not want to hurt you . I want to help you . I think I know some of what be happen to you . ( she do not react ) . dorothy ? Frank have you husband and son . dorothy ? do not he ? you have to do something dorothy . go to the police . dorothy no police !!!. ( push herself back against the headboard ; then frantic ) no police !! suddenly , dorothy get very odd . she turn into a little girl . she have a frightening little girl smile . dorothy you like to open I . do not you ? jeffrey yes . dorothy ( think with a grin ) what if I tell Frank that you open I ? for just one quiet moment we see the stairway to dorothy 's apartment . it be empty . then back to Jeffrey and dorothy . jeffrey that would not be too good , would it ? dorothy Frank would open you . jeffrey okay . I know you have be scared . now you want to scare someone . dorothy ( smile very strangely ) do that scare you ? jeffrey shut up . dorothy beeeee careful . jeffrey ( scared and mad ) come on dorothy . dorothy what if Frank come over here and find we ? the curtain in the kitchen bellow out with a eerie gust of wind . jeffrey look , snap out of it , will ya ? dorothy kiss I . they kiss . dorothy ( continue ) do you love I ? jeffrey do you love I ? dorothy I ask first . jeffrey sometimes I think I do . dorothy and sometimes you think you do not ?! well , get away then ! she bolt up . jeffrey wait a minute . wait . whatiya want ? for cryin ' out loud ! dorothy just get outta my bed . she hit out at Jeffrey and strike he in the face . Jeffrey struggle with she to keep she from hit he again but she break loose and slam out at he face again . he push back hard and she head actually hit the wall . she smile through the pain . jeffrey oh god. be you alright . she fall on he and smother he with kiss . dorothy see. see how you hurt I ? now . open I . enter I . Jeffrey move on top of she in the darkness . we move very close to Jeffrey 's ear as dorothy 's lip come up and whisper into it . dorothy I love you Don with all my heart . jeffrey no. it 's not don. but he can not stop himself or she from make love . dorothy come inside I . oh yes , oh yes , oh yes . ( very frantic ) oh yes , oh yes , oh yes . the movement subside . there be silence in the room , except for breathe . jeffrey I do not mean to hurt you . dorothy shhhhhh . now I have you disease . jeffrey you. what ? dorothy you put you disease in I . you semen . it 's hot and full of disease . jeffrey there 's no disease , I can tell you . dorothy Men be crazy . then they put they craziness into I . then it make I crazy . then they be not so crazy for awhile . then they put they craziness in I again . ( start cry ) . it 's burn I . but I love you . I do , I do . do you know that ? do you know that I love you ? jeffrey ( very apprehensive ) I be glad you do . dorothy there 's so much I want to tell you . I be in so much darkness though with thing move . there be darkness suck I . it 's kissing I and darkness be enter I . in every hole . it 's open I to a death . jeffrey dorothy . no ! dorothy ( whisper ) if I die , then they will be free . it 's get late , be not it ? I can tell . it 's a cold feel when it 's late . it 's warm then it get cold . Jeffrey . I feel it get cold . jeffrey you call I Jeffrey . dorothy I do . be you ? jeffrey yes . dorothy why be you here ? ( Jeffrey get on top of she again ) hmmmmmmmm !!!! ok . jeffrey no. not really . ( they kiss - very hot ) but also because I really want you to be alright . dorothy stop and look at he - she hold he face . she start to cry . dorothy you do . you really do . she continue hold he face - look in he eye cry openly . he pull he down to she . dorothy Jeffrey . Jeffrey . Jeffrey . Jeffrey smile . jeffrey I guess I should go . dorothy I want you to stay with I . jeffrey I think I better go . 146 . int . dorothy's apartment - night later . Jeffrey be dress and dorothy come out of the bathroom in she robe . she be comb she hair . one or two light be on now . she look at Jeffrey and smile , brushes some of he hair back from he face . dorothy you be my special friend , be not you ? ( whisper ) I have you inside of I still . ( big smile ) it help I . I need you . Jeffrey do not know what to say . he start walk toward the door with dorothy beside he . jeffrey ( lie ) I will call you . dorothy okay . soon ? do you think I be too fat ? jeffrey what ? dorothy I be get a little bit fat . I hate that . jeffrey you look beautiful to I . she pat she hip . dorothy right in here . fat , fat , fat . dorothy take the chain off the door and open it . the hall be empty . there be some noise on the stair . suddenly , Frank and two friend of he come into view on the stairway . jeffrey ( to dorothy ) oh no . dorothy ( she eye glaze over - she 's go again ) no . ( call out to Frank ) hi baby . frank who 's this fuck ? dorothy he 's a friend . from the neighborhood . we be just talk . frank ( to Jeffrey ) from the neighborhood ? ( slowly ) shut the fuck up . ( to Jeffrey ) you like telephone ? huh ?. you wanta go for a ride ? jeffrey no thanks . frank no thanks . what do that mean ? jeffrey ( very carefully ) I do not want to go . frank go where ? jeffrey on a ride . frank a ride ?. Hell , that 's a good idea . okay , let 's go . hey , let 's go . Frank grab Jeffrey and pull he along . frank ( continue to dorothy ) come on . we be goin ' for a joy ride . 147 . int . stairway - apartment build - night Frank take Jeffrey on a wide - eye terror walk down the stairway . CUT to : 148 . int . franks car / CITY street - night Frank and dorothy be in the front seat . Jeffrey be sandwich between two very dirty strange guy in the back . Frank be drive very fast and very crazy . sitting next to he on the front seat be a police radio which periodically blare out police report . at the light , when they turn green , Frank lay rubber . frank where you wanna go ? I know !. we gotta see Ben . we gotta , right ? paul ( laugh ) yeah . we gotta see ben. the car roar through a seedy street line with bar and club . liquor and sex shop sign glow in hot neon color . they be blurred vision because of the speed of Frank 's car . driving music play . Frank careen dangerously down various narrow street , just barely make turn . the Ford bounce off several curb . dorothy occasionally steal a glance back at Jeffrey . she squeal out loud - sometimes with glee , mostly in fear . Raymond and Paul laugh with Frank , yell out or light cigarettes . 149 . ext . " barbary coast " - night Frank finally get to where he 's go - a corner bar - and skid to a hault . they all pile out . Frank grab Jeffrey . frank come on . I wancha to meet a frienda mine . Raymond , get enough beer for Ben too . raymond okay Frank . frank ( to Jeffrey ) what kinda beer do you like ? jeffrey ( just say it ) Heineken . frank fuck that shit . pabst blue ribbon !!! he grab Jeffrey and push he into the bar . 150 . int . " barbary coast " - night move fast now , they go through this dark frightening place . Frank have Jeffrey by the neck force he faster . in the back there be a black man fondle a white girl near a doorway . 151 . int . back room - " barbary coast " - night they go through the door to a back room . a few naked girl be there near bed with curtain around they . one girl lie on she bed with dry vomit around she head and pillow . suddenly Frank spot he friend willard . he run toward he violently and grab he by the throat . frank hey shithead . that 's the last time I get you high and watch you freak out - motherfucker you tore my coat and I lose my lucky piece of blue velvet , man . 152 . int . detective william ' study - night flashback to the black and white photo of a piece of cloth in the weed in the vacant lot . jeffrey ( v.o. ) what color be it ? detective william ( v.o. ) it 's blue . blue velvet . 153 . int . back room - " barbary coast " - night resume group willard hey Frank I be sorry buddy . frank yeah ?. get ready for a love letter . when you least expect it . willard frank. please man . frank a big love letter . Frank push he down on the bed with the dry vomit whore . they leave willard . 154 . int . stair and landing - ben' apartment - night ... and go up a flight of dirty wooden step . Frank bang on a door at the first landing . Raymond join he with a case of pabst Blue ribbon beer . frank hey ben. OPEN up . it 's Frank . a tall , slender man with a smoking jacket and a mustache open the door . it 's BEN . his voice be very horse from year of smoking . BEN ( very gracious ) Frank . come in . frank hey , I bring some friend . and some beer . BEN fine. welcome . come sit down . 155 . int . ben' apartment - night the apartment be very large . all the furniture be over-stuffed . in the room there be a very much over - weight woman dress in black and a greasy -look couple . on the couch , a young woman play with a large doll . frank ( get higher all the time ) suave . goddam be you suave , you fucker . you want some beer ? BEN ( smile ) certainly Frank . ( to the fat woman ) darling , get some glass . we will have some beer with Frank . wo not you sit down ? everyone kind of mill around . Paul sit down in a chair and start laugh at some private joke in he head . frank shit Ben ! how the shit be ya ? BEN Fine Frank . Fine . how be you ? frank fuckin ' good , real fuckin ' good . you know this little tid bit , dorothy , and this thing , here , ( refer to Jeffrey ) be a neighbor . what the shit we be doin ' with a neighbor , I do not know . goddam !!! ( refer to Ben ) this be the suavest guy I know . look at you . you be one beautiful fucker , Ben . I love this jacket and that cigarette holder of yours . shit , that be too fuckin ' much . where 's that glass . this beer 's gonna get too warm . I can not stand fuckin ' warm beer . it make I puke . BEN darling , where be the glass ?. oh. here they be . the Big Lady bring the glass in and set they on the card table . she look worried . she give a helpless plead look to Ben . frank Raymond ! where 's the fuckin ' beer ? raymond right here Frank . you want I to pour it ? frank no , I want ya to fuck it . shit , yes . pour the fuckin ' beer . raymond there ya go . frank good , let 's drink up . BEN to you health , Frank . frank shit. let 's drink to something else . let 's drink to fuckin' . say here 's to you fuck Frank . BEN if you like Frank . here 's to you fuck . cheer . Frank 's friend , Paul and raymod , laugh . frank ( laugh loud ) cheer . suave man . you be so fuckin ' suave . we love BEN ! here 's to Ben !. Frank slap Jeffrey in the face . frank hey neighbor . here 's to ben. jeffrey ( stunne , grab he face ) here 's to ben. frank do you see , Ben ?. I can make he do anything I fuckin ' please . Ben go to Jeffrey . BEN thank you neighbor . let I see you face . do he hurt you ? Jeffrey show he . BEN ( continue ) oh. my . suddenly Ben slug Jeffrey in the stomach . Jeffrey double over . BEN ( continue again ) be that any better ? Frank almost die laugh . everyone else join in . Ben turn to Frank . BEN Frank , I have something for you . Excuse we everyone . frank excuse US por favor ! hey. let tit see she kid . as Jeffrey try to catch he breath , he see tremendous emotion fill dorothy 's face . she rush forward . Raymond grab she by the arm and take she into another room . Jeffrey hear she cry out . he hear a small boy . dorothy ( v.o. ) donny , oh my donny . donny ( v.o. ) mommy ! 155a . int . back room - ben' apartment - night dorothy be sobbing and cling to donny . he be cry and grip she like a small monkey would grip its mother . suddenly donny break away , scream . donny mommy . you leave I . you stop loving I . frank ( come back into Ben 's live room ) okay . let 's hit the fuckin ' road . we be givin ' we neighbor a joy ride . let 's get on with it . bye , Ben . ya wanna go on a joy ride with we , anyone ? you ? ( look around ) dorothy rejoin the group . she 's in a state of shock . Frank pinch she cheek . frank ( continue ) no smile for Frank ? no ? okay , fuck it . let 's go . oh you wanna come with Raymond ? Raymond have pick up the greasy girl . BEN see you Tuesday , Frank . frank right ben. let' go fuck . I will fuck anything that move . 156 . ext . " barbary coast " - night they leave and pile back into the car . 157 . int . franks car / CITY street - night now there be four in the back . Raymond start neck with the greasy girl . they speed on into the night . Frank drive through various dark street . 158 . int . franks car / highway - night . then out onto a highway and go over 100 mph down a two - lane highway . frank ( to Jeffrey ) hey ? . you like to walk . jeffrey what ? frank let 's take we neighbor out . let he fuckin ' walk back . ( laugh ) as Frank be drive Jeffrey see dorothy nervously look at the road and surround countryside , then questioningly at Frank . she sense something about where they be go . dorothy where be we go , Frank ? frank hey . tit . I be take you neighbor to the country . maybe something for you too . dorothy ( very anxious ) Frank ? frank you want to see he too , right ? dorothy yes , but . frank then , shut up ! Frank see dorothy look back at Jeffrey . frank ( continue ) hey . what 's this fuck get to do with anything . 159 . int . franks car / dirt road - night Frank angrily swerve the car off onto a small dirt road bounce down it , screeching to a halt near a orchard of tree . he turn violently around to Jeffrey . frank what be you lookin ' at ? jeffrey nothing . frank ( lock eye with Jeffrey ; long pause ) do not look at I , fuck . I shoot when I see the white of the eye . ( take helium ) you like I ?. Jeffrey be quiet . frank ( still high voice ) look at this . what be this ? dorothy come on , Frank . let 's go . please . Frank be do something to dorothy 's chest but Jeffrey can not see . frank do not say please , fuckhead . what be these ? dorothy that be my breast . frank can I feel them ? dorothy if you want to . Frank take helium . frank baby want to pinch them . she wince and try to pull away . frank ( continue ) what 's the matter ? give them back . they be just a little red , that 's all . let I feel them again . come here . Frank pull she over and start to pinch she again . it really hurt she and she be frighten and in pain . jeffrey hey. leave she alone . Frank pretend not to hear Jeffrey and pinch dorothy 's breast real hard . she stifles a scream . Jeffrey get mad . he hit Frank hard in the face . everyone be deadly silent as Frank turn to Jeffrey . Frank stare at Jeffrey . frank next ! . out of the car fuck . help he out , raymond !! 160 . ext . franks car / dirt road - night Frank get out and press he face against the rear window . his distort face be hideous . he open the back door . Raymond and Paul grab Jeffrey and pull he out of the car . the greasy girl laugh nervously . dorothy Frank . he do not mean it . leave he alone . come on . he do not mean it . frank shut up . gimme you lipstick . ( take gas ) . hey , pretty , pretty . dorothy do not move fast enough so Frank dump she whole purse out on the front seat and grab the lipstick and a flashlight . he put lipstick heavy onto he lip . while Raymond and Paul hold Jeffrey . Frank kiss Jeffrey all over the mouth . Jeffrey try to hit Frank and pull away , but Raymond and Paul have a hold of he . Jeffrey look very strange with this big blotches of red lipstick on he face and mouth . dorothy leave he alone !! frank !! Frank slam the front door shut to muffle dorothy . he grab Jeffrey and press he frighten face against the front window . then , the back window . then , he flop Jeffrey up on the hood with Paul 's help and press Jeffrey 's face against the rear window . Inside the car , this show be crazy and scary . then , Frank take Jeffrey over to the side of the car again . frank ( to Jeffrey ) you be fuckin ' lucky to be alive . look at I ! Raymond pull Jeffrey 's face back so he 's look at Frank . dorothy and the greasy girl watch in terror . frank do not be a good neighbor to she or I be gonna send you a love letter . straight from my heart , fucker . you know what a love letter be ? it 's a bullet . straight from my gun , fucker . once you get a love letter from I , you be fuck forever . understand , fuck ? jeffrey yes . frank I will send you straight to hell , fuck ! Frank take a small square of blue velvet out of he pocket and begin feel Jeffrey 's face with it . frank ( continue ; breathe heavily ) you feel good . feel my muscle . Raymond make Jeffrey raise he arm and Jeffrey feel Frank 's biceps . frank ( continue ) you like that ? ( to Raymond and Paul ) hold he tight for I . suddenly Frank start hit Jeffrey in the face . dorothy scream at the car window . CUT to black : 161 . ext . dirt road - day no SOUND . then a moan . jeffrey' p.o.v. of rock on the ground . he slowly pick up and look around . the car be go . he be swollen , bloody , and cover with lipstick . his pants have be pull down and " fuck you " have be write with lipstick on he leg . he struggle to he foot and pull he pants up . he fasten he belt and begin limping up the dirt road highway . CUT to : 162 . ext . phone booth - highway - day Jeffrey dial . jeffrey yellow cab ? be this yellow cab ? I need a cab. on Route 7. ( he look around ) . just by meadow Lane . 163 . int . dorothy's apartment - night flashback Jeffrey remember dorothy mention " meadow Lane " on the phone . 164 . int . franks car - night flashback Jeffrey remember Frank say " you want to see he too , right ? " and dorothy say , " yes. but . " 165 . ext . phone booth - highway - day jeffrey ( continue ) meadow Lane . there 's a big nehi sign . okay . I will wait , do not worry , . I have get to get home , do not I ? dissolve to : 166 . int . jeffrey' room - day Jeffrey be sleep . his face be swollen and bruise . the clock say 4:30 p.m. dissolve to : 167 . int . jeffrey' room - night the clock say 1:30 a.m . Jeffrey go into the bathroom . look at he puffed face and take two aspirin . he stumble back to bed . dissolve to : 168 . int . jeffrey' room - day the clock say 7:30 a.m. and Jeffrey get up and stretch . jeffrey owww . his muscle be very sore . CUT to : 169 . int . beaumont ' kitchen - day at the breakfast table . aunt Barbara and Mrs. beaumont be stare at Jeffrey . jeffrey I do not want to talk about it . everything 's okay now . I do not want to talk about it . aunt barbara sometimes it help to talk thing over . for instance , many marriage be save by . jeffrey ( interrupt , smile at aunt Barbara ) aunt Barbara . I love you , but you be not gonna get it . he hold he fist up . dissolve to : 170 . jeffrey' room - day Jeffrey dial the phone . jeffrey Mrs. Williams ? hi , this be Jeffrey beaumont . fine and you ? good . be Sandy there ? good , thanks . Sandy ?. can you talk ? good . I be through with this business . I will explain , but it get a little out of hand . I be lucky to be able to call you . anyway . I promise I will tell you everything . how be you ? CUT to : 171 . int . sandy'' bedroom - day Sandy on she phone . sandy we break up . no . it 's okay . it 's okay . Jeffrey ?. Jeffrey ?. hey , Jeffrey ?. do you want to go to a party with I Friday night ?. he will not be there , do not worry . it will be real nice . this Friday . you do not dance ? well , I will teach you , silly . CUT to : 172 . int . jeffrey' room - day Jeffrey on he phone . jeffrey great . hey . I have get a bit of a problem . I know some thing . that could help you father but you might get into trouble . int . sandy'' bedroom - day sandy Jeffrey . be they important thing ? well forget I - you have to tell he . Jeffrey . I mean it . int . jeffrey' room - day jeffrey ok but I promise I will not mention you . okay ? . I will see he at the police station . okay ? see you Friday night , if not before . dissolve to : 173 . int . police station - day Jeffrey climb the stair up to detective Williams ' office . 174 . int . room 221 - police station - day he round the corner and step inside the office , when he stop short with fear . detective Williams be not there , but sit at a desk next to detective Williams ' desk be the yellow man . they eye lock . Jeffrey freeze . jeffrey Excuse I . Jeffrey turn away as quickly as possible and go over to a water cooler and get a drink , keep he back to the yellow man . he shake with fear . he slowly turn around . the yellow man be study some papers on he desk . again the yellow man look up . this time he be slightly suspicious and he cook he head . Jeffrey can not move . finally , Jeffrey be able to step away . as he leave the yellow man 's line of sight , Jeffrey catch the name on the door . detective j.r. william and t.r. gordon jeffrey ( inner voice ) Gordon . Gordon . a police inspector . wait a minute . wait a minute . 175 . ext . cold storage company - day flashback Jeffrey remember the black guy say : " the police be go to find more drug in there than you can believe . " jeffrey ( continue , inner voice ) the police . the police . Gordon . 177 . int . ben' apartment - night flashback Jeffrey remember Frank 's voice in the distance : " Gordon go right up to they - in broad daylight of course - ' cause he 's the man , right ? and he take all that drug away . " 178 . int . room 221 - police station - day jeffrey ( continue , inner voice ) take all that drug away . Gordon take that drug away . CUT to : 179 . ext . william home - night Jeffrey walk through the darkness , carry the photo . he stop in front of detective Williams ' house and hesitates . Jeffrey 's face have a troubled look . he approach the front door . he hesitates again before finally knock . detective Williams answer the door . Sandy be in the background . when she see the look on Jeffrey 's face , she know why he 's there . detective william Jeffrey ! come on in . jeffrey hi. hi Sandy . I be sorry to bother you , but I have get to talk to you . detective william okay . come on in . look like you have a bad face lift . jeffrey ( with a goofy smile to Sandy ) yeah . 180 . int . william ' live room - night Sandy give he a concerned look . Jeffrey follow detective Williams to he study . 181 . int . detective william study - night he close the door behind he . detective william okay ? jeffrey okay . I gotta tell you . I 've. discover some thing . . anyway I have to show you some picture and tell you some thing about they . the first picture be this . he show he the picture of Frank and study detective Williams ' face as he see it . jeffrey ( continue ) this be Frank Booth . his address be on the back of the photo . he , in my opinion , be very sick and dangerous . this photo here be of Frank with another man as they go into Frank 's apartment . Jeffrey casually hand the photo over and watch detective Williams ' face extra carefully . detective Williams do not flinch , yet he eye slowly glide upwards to meet Jeffrey 's . jeffrey ( continue ) and that man come out with a third man - this well - dress guy . here 's the photo . I think a girl name dorothy vallen be in trouble with this people . I think Frank have take she husband and she son . jeffrey ( continue ) I have no hard proof of any of this . her address be also on the photo . I think this people be involved with drug . and murder . I think Frank be kill drug dealer and . ( he decide not to tell detective Williams everything ) . and somehow Frank be get all they drug . I have to tell you I get slightly more involved in this than you want I to , but it 's over now for sure . . I have to tell you about this thing in case it could help . detective william well now Jeffrey , how do you come to get so involved ? jeffrey I can not tell you the whole story . i. I take it upon myself . I can not say more . detective william be Sandy part of this ? jeffrey no. not at all . detective william ( refer to the photo ) who know you have this ? jeffrey only you . and the photo lab . detective william you be all through with this now ? jeffrey yes sir . I sure be . detective Williams study Jeffrey , then the photo . detective william for now . alright. you better be . and Sandy better not be involved with this , I can tell you . be prepare to come in for further interrogation on this later . jeffrey yes sir . Jeffrey leave the study . 182 . int . william ' live room - night in the live room , Jeffrey look at Sandy . sandy everything okay ? jeffrey yeah . I think so . I just have to tell he some of what I know . be Friday still on ? sandy you do not tell he about I ? jeffrey no . detective Williams come out of he study and see the two of they talk . he see some nervousness . Sandy quickly change the subject . sandy I should never have get you go on this . ( change , smile ) yes Jeffrey . Friday 's on ! jeffrey okay . great ! CUT to : 183 . ext . beaumont ' front lawn - day Jeffrey water the flower and bush as he father have do . his face look much better . dissolve to : 184 . int . hospital room - day Jeffrey sit and visit with he father . his mother and he aunt Barbara be there too . dissolve to : 185 . int . hospital lab - day closeup of cell move - dark cell move in - the picture get dark . dissolve to : 186 . ext . william home - night Jeffrey be drive over to Sandy 's . he have to park across the street because a police car be sit in front of the Williams ' house . its light be slowly revolve on top . the engine idle . a man be inside . he head down , study some papers . Jeffrey barely notice all this , as he head for the door . Mrs. Williams answer the door and Sandy be behind she in the dining room . mrs . william hello , Jeffrey . come in . 187 . int . william ' live room - night Jeffrey enter and cross the room to Sandy . jeffrey you all set ? detective Williams come in arrange some papers which he begin place in a briefcase on the dining room table . just then a man come up to the door which be still open . Jeffrey turn to see . it be detective t.r. Gordon , the yellow man . all the color instantly drain from Jeffrey 's face . yellow man ( yell inside ) hey John - get a move on !! detective Williams turn . he see detective Gordon . he turn again . he see Jeffrey 's expression . Sandy have not see it yet . detective Williams go to Jeffrey . he look he straight in the eye . he also position himself between Jeffrey and t.r. Gordon . detective william easy do it Jeffrey . behave yourself . do not blow it . Sandy become curious and move over to Jeffrey and she father . Jeffrey decide to trust detective Williams . the yellow man ( t.r. Gordon ) yell again . yellow man come on John , get it in gear pal ! detective william so long Jeffrey . you two have a nice night , okay ? jeffrey okay . sandy what be it ? jeffrey just some fatherly advice . detective william that 's right . Jeffrey and Sandy head for the door . the yellow man 's and Jeffrey 's eye meet once more . the yellow man cock he head . think . no recognition . sandy ( to she mother ) goodnight mom . ( to the yellow man ) goodnight Tom . t.r. gordon -yellow man goodnight , Sandy . 188 . ext . william home - night they cross the yard to the car . Jeffrey help Sandy in , then go around and get in himself . they be both dress very nicely . 189 . int . beaumont ' car / neighborhood STREET - night Jeffrey start the car and pull out . sandy what be that all about ? jeffrey nothing . really ! it 's good to see you . sandy it 's good to see you . jeffrey where to ? sandy just go over to gelford and up to vista . it 's not far . can you tell I any more about what you learn ? jeffrey I would rather not talk about it . I will tell you about it sometime . sandy it 's okay . jeffrey ... you look beautiful . sandy thank you . whatiya say we just enjoy the evening ? jeffrey I like that idea . that 's a real good idea . CUT to : 190 . int . party basement - night Jeffrey and Sandy go downstairs to a basement which be dark and crowded with kid dance and talk . Jeffrey and Sandy be hold hand . Jeffrey feel a little out of place . a couple of girl raise they eyebrow and give approve look to Sandy . the music be loud , fast dance music . sandy you want to dance ? jeffrey I can not dance fast . sandy really ? jeffrey really . you want to dance with someone else ? sandy no . jeffrey let 's wait for some slow one . sandy just a minute . Sandy leave Jeffrey for a moment and Jeffrey watch she make she way through the crowd to a girl by the record player . Sandy confer with the girl . Sandy come back to Jeffrey . sandy do not worry . I take care of it . you want something to drink ? just then , the music go slow . jeffrey you want to dance ? sandy okay . they begin to dance . at first , further apart , then , they make the mistake of look in each other 's eye and they move very close together . they move around to another look . then they kiss . they kiss for the entire rest of the song . between song and during the entire next song . they finally , as they say , come up for air . sandy I love you , Jeffrey . they kiss again . then they dance and look at each other . then they hug each other . as they hug , Jeffrey close he eye . jeffrey ( inner voice ) I really do love you . dissolve to : 191 . int . party basement - night later . Jeffrey give Sandy a little kiss while they be over by the coke . they be have a drink . Sandy introduce Jeffrey to some of she friend . she be very proud of he . they be both very happy . they look at each other and kiss again . dissolve to : 193 . int . / ext . party house - night later . the party be break up . kid be beginning to go upstairs and go out the front door to they car . Jeffrey and Sandy be come up stair arm in arm . they say goodnight to the parent in the live room and leave through the front door . they can not take they eye off one another . they be totally oblivious to the three guy in a car across the street . as soon as Jeffrey get Sandy and himself in he car , he start it and move off . 194 . int . beaumont ' car / neighborhood street - night the dark car come to life with a loud low roar and peel out with a scream . it follow Jeffrey and Sandy for a way , then it roar up behind they sway back and forth , honk its horn and try to ram Jeffrey 's car in the rear . Jeffrey look frantically in the rear view mirror . Sandy turn around in fear . Jeffrey gun he car and race down the street . sandy oh my God . what 's wrong ? jeffrey Frank !! he swerve around the corner . up ahead , a car be pull out of a driveway . jeffrey ( continue ; refer to the car ahead ) come on . move it ! Jeffrey swing hard around another corner and head up a dark street , pass " lincoln St . " jeffrey I can not outrun this guy . he floor the car and fly down another street very fast . jeffrey my father have a gun at home . sandy no . jeffrey Sandy . this guy be a killer !! I promise you . Sandy turn back to take a look . Jeffrey swerve the car again ; he bang it off a curb as he round a corner . a hub cap go fly off roll noisily down the street . sandy try to get to my house . then my father can . closeup on jeffrey 195 . int . william ' live room - night flashback he remember detective Gordon , the yellow man , at Sandy 's house . 196 . int . beaumont ' car / neighborhood street - night jeffrey no !! Jeffrey floor the car again . but the car behind he be fast and gain on he . it swerve back and forth in the rear view mirror . now it swerve and roar up alongside Jeffrey 's car . Sandy scream . sandy it 's Mike ! it 's Mike ! Jeffrey look over . it be Mike . out of enormous sense of relief he start laugh . he slow instantly and so do Mike . 197 . ext . beaumont ' home - night he pull slowly up in front of he house , he head back laugh . Mike swerve he car in front of Jeffrey 's and jump out . mike ( out of the car ; very drunk ) hey come here , you steal my girl , you bastard . I be gonna kick you ass , right in front of you stupid house . sandy ... stop it Mike . mike ( to Sandy ) you shut up . nobody 's talkin ' to you . hey who 's that Jeffrey ? you mother ? everyone turn and look . slowly out of the darkness come a nude woman . it be dorothy . she be totally in shock , bloody saliva be drip from she mouth . she be bloody , swollen and bruise all over . she be totally different , drain of she sexuality . she have be ravage . jeffrey dorothy ! ... dorothy ! sandy dorothy vallen ? jeffrey yes . he jump out of the car , get a hold of she and help she back . Mike come after he . mike ( go for Jeffrey ) hey , you ivy league shit . come here ! jeffrey ( push Mike off ) later Mike . I gotta take care of someone who 's hurt here , in case you have not notice . sandy Mike , go home . Mike 's friend be daze , watch dorothy staggering beside Jeffrey . Mike step back as Jeffrey put dorothy in the car . Jeffrey stand back up and glance at Mike . mike ( dull , very drunk ) hey , I be sorry . hey . Jeffrey get into the car . jeffrey yeah . okay , Mike . Jeffrey shut the door . dorothy be sandwich between he and Sandy in the front seat . sandy take she to my house . my dad can get a ambulance faster than anyone . do you have anything to put around she ? jeffrey ( start the car ) no. be detective Gordon go to be at you house ? sandy probably not. no . why ? jeffrey ok . let 's get she over to you father 's . sandy ( look quickly from dorothy to Jeffrey ) right . watch out for Mike , there . Mike and he friend be get in Mike 's car . Mike be try to start the engine . he do and clumsily throw the car in reverse . he screech out and screech to a stop . then he gun away forward and shoot crazily down the road . jeffrey here we go . they drive off . 198 . int . beaumont ' car / neighborhood STREET - night dorothy ( look over ) oh God . Jeffrey be that you ? Sandy look at Jeffrey questioningly . jeffrey yeah , it 's I . dorothy oh God , Jeffrey . be that you ? oh god. Sandy be confuse . how do they know each other ? CUT to : 199 . ext . william ' house - night Jeffrey and Sandy take dorothy up the walk . Sandy open the door . 200 . int . william ' live room - night they enter the live room . Mrs. Williams come in from the kitchen . sandy ( hurry ) be dad home ? mrs . william ( shocked at sight ) no . sandy you better call he and get a ambulance too . dorothy be cling to Jeffrey . Mrs. Williams go to call . Sandy move closer . Jeffrey look at Sandy and she return the look . dorothy ( crazy ) where have you be ? ( scream ) oh god. they hurt he , Jeffrey . Jeffrey , Jeffrey , Jeffrey , hold I . hold me. oh god. jeffrey it 's okay . it 's okay . dorothy ( like a little girl ) my secret lover . Mrs. Williams come in . mrs . william the ambulance will be here in a minute . I leave word for John . the police be on they way . dorothy ( scream ) do not get the police . oh God , ... Jeffrey I can't stand it !! stop it . stop it . love I , she look up at Mrs. Williams . dorothy ( continue ) I open myself to he . he put he disease in I . she press herself tight to Jeffrey . dorothy ( continue ) tell I its okay . I open myself to you . okay , okay , okay , okay ? Mrs. Williams watch with confusion and worry for the hurt this be cause Sandy . Sandy be cry now and turn away . jeffrey Sandy ? ... Sandy , please . mrs . william I will get a coat for she . she leave the room hurriedly . sandy ( cry ) Jeffrey ? . what 's go on ? jeffrey shh . I will tell you . dorothy ( quietly ) they hurt he head . jeffrey who , dorothy ? dorothy ( whisper ) don. help he . help he !! donny !!!! a huge , roaring wind sound come up . dorothy start scream . 201 . ext . william house - night the scream dissolve into a siren as it roar to a stop in front of the Williams ' house . 202 . int . william ' live room - night dorothy cling to Jeffrey . her eye be turn a dull , milky white . the effect be horrifying . she be in shock . Sandy be still cry , while she move back and watch Jeffrey . Jeffrey turn to look at Sandy . sandy ( cry ) I still love you Jeffrey . Mrs. Williams come to put a coat around dorothy . Mrs. Williams be shaking . the paramedics enter the house . dissolve to : 203 . ext . william ' house - night the paramedics be load dorothy into the ambulance on a stretcher . dorothy be moan . a sicken , warm wind come up and howl through the neighborhood . jeffrey I should go with she , Sandy . sandy go ahead . jeffrey ... Sandy ?. sandy go ahead ! Jeffrey turn slowly and get into the ambulance . int . ambulace - night Jeffrey 's head be very close to dorothy 's . dorothy be say something , mumble . dorothy hold I , don. jeffrey Don ?. where be he ? dorothy ( strain she eye to focus on Jeffrey ) help he !! promise I you will help he ! jeffrey I promise , dorothy . I promise . dorothy hold I . i'm falling ! she bolt up scream directly into Jeffrey 's face . her beat face and milky eye be a study in horror . CUT to : 205 . int . pay phone - hospital corridor - night Jeffrey finish dial . jeffrey Mrs. Williams ?. be Sandy there ? please . ( long wait ) Sandy ? ( pause ) Sandy , please . ( he close he eye ) . forgive I . I love you . CUT to : 206 . int . sandy'' room - night Sandy with red eye in a darken room . sandy ( in phone , struggle to keep from cry ) I forgive you . I just could not watch . I love you Jeffrey . I love you . be she okay ?. how horrible . what ? CUT to : 207 . int . pay phone - hospital corridor - night Jeffrey on pay phone . jeffrey ( in phone ) please get to you father and send he and the police to dorothy 's apartment right away . be sure you father come . something be happen over there . they be hurt someone . the guy she love . tell they to hurry . I be go over right now . sandy ( v.o. ) no Jeffrey !! jeffrey yes I be go . I have to . I love you . I will , believe I . CUT to : 208 . int . cab - night driving through the night . 208a . ext . apartment build - night Jeffrey arrive at dorothy 's apartment building and pay the driver . he get out of the cab and look around . no police . quiet . the building look just the same stand there in the dark . the dim light in the front entrance . Jeffrey move up to the front door and enter . no one . CUT to : 209 . detective william ' study - night Sandy be try to get she father on the police radio . sandy ( over the radio ) no. he only want my father to come over . it 's very important . he say someone be hurt and he want detective Williams there . well , find he !! 210 . int . stairway - apartment build - night Jeffrey slowly climb the stair . his shoe squashing the carpet make mall crush sound as he climb higher into the building . he arrive at the seventh floor and stop . a high - pitch whine can be hear faintly . it get louder as Jeffrey cross to dorothy 's apartment door . he get he key out and insert it . turn it . with a loud click the door swing open and the high whine become pierce . he see something and jump back . 211 . int . dorothy's apartment - night it be detective Gordon , the yellow man , stand in the center of the room . flashback he play the look into the apartment again in he mind and again . closer on detective gordon something be wrong with he . he be bleed from the head . he stand almost motionless . in shock . Jeffrey peer into the room again . he enter carefully and let the door close behind he . he very cautiously move forward into the room . slowly he move closer to a hideous sight . stand in the middle of dorothy 's apartment be t.r. Gordon , the yellow man . he be in a extreme state of shock . he be bleed badly from a huge wound at the top leave of he head . his eye focus on something only he twisted inner mind see . sitting in one of dorothy 's chair be a dead man with no ear . only half - heal bloody wound at each side of he head . a bullet hole in the center of he forehead . the t.v. be crush in but it be turn on and it be the television that produce the high electrical whine . Jeffrey move forward again and kick the television cord out of the wall . the high whine stop instantly . silence except for the yellow man 's labor breathe . suddenly there be a loud " radio voice " come from the yellow man 's police radio which be turn " on " in he jacket pocket . Jeffrey 's heart leap and just as suddenly the yellow man throw he arm out wildly knock a floor lamp to the ground and crush out its light . Jeffrey 's heart go wild at this sight and he jump back but the yellow man be silent and motionless again . the radio talk again . radio voice # 1 get back and stay down . radio voice # 2 . it 's apartment eight . Music . love letter straight from my heart . begin to play . Jeffrey watch the yellow man and listen to the radio . radio voice # 2 ( continue ) I be send Jack and Pete to the roof . it 's . radio voice # 1 hey . sound of shot . radio voice # 1 ( continue ) he 's shoot . from the second window . radio voice # 3 stay in place . radio voice # 2 jack. get up there quick . can return fire ?. radio voice # 3 I think he 's alone . but return fire to second window only . many shot . we see Jeffrey 's face in closeup . CUT to : 212 . ext . front STREET - night the real scene be before we . Police car line the street along with a huge fire truck and several ambulance . special police marksman be crouch behind car and behind a stone wall opposite Frank 's building . scream be hear from within and police radio blare . Shots be be fire into a black window . once in a while a shot be return . two policeman be dead and one be be load onto a ambulance . policeman # 1 he have not fire a shot for six minute . maybe we get he . get on the radio . get detective Williams . ask he if we can rush the son of a bitch . a policeman run off . more shot be fire into the building but none be return . the policeman come run back . policeman # 2 it 's in the work already . we be in there . they be goin ' down the back stair now . it will not be long . and they will have we rush them from here . one whistle and we go . suddenly there be a long barrage of gunfire into Frank 's apartment . then a loud whistle . policeman # 1 that 's it . let 's go . Police race across the street to Frank 's building . 213 . int . franks apartment - night Police kick the door in and rush into the apartment . it 's empty excpt for a large dog which have be shot . the dog growl and cower back in a corner . every now and then it limp on bloody leg back and forth . 214 . int . dorothy's apartment - night Jeffrey hear the radio . he hear the policeman talk at Frank 's place . he hear that Frank be go . he decide to leave dorothy 's apartment . jeffrey ( speak to t.r. Gordon who do not hear he because he 's almost dead ) I be leave now . I will let they find you all on they own . find all this horror on they own . ( whisper ) good bye . he go out and close the door . 215 . int . stairway - apartment build - night the door click shut . he make he way quietly down the hall to the stairway . think . he start down the stair . jeffrey so. Frank escape . he round the corner on a landing on the stairway and go down another floor . and another . at the next landing , something out the window catch he eye . he notice a man get out of the car . he recognize the man . it be the well - dress man he see with the alligator briefcase . Jeffrey watch the man come toward dorothy 's building . then he eye go back to the man 's car . it be Frank 's car . he notice the man be carry a police radio . jeffrey ( to himself ) Frank 's car . be this man a cop ? he have a radio !. so do Frank though and he 's no cop . that 's for sure . and he 's drive Frank 's car . who be he ? the man enter the building at the front entrance directly below Jeffrey . Jeffrey start climb back up the stair . think faster . jeffrey what happen that day ?. 216 . ext . front STREET - day flashback : Jeffrey remember Frank and the yellow man go into Frank 's building . 217 . int . stairway - apartment build - night jeffrey ( v.o. ) they go in together . 218 . ext . front STREET - day flashback Jeffrey remember the well - dress man come out with the yellow man . 219 . int . stairway - apartment build - night jeffrey and out come . no it could not be . but I think it be !! it 's Frank !! Jeffrey run like mad up to dorothy 's apartment . he look back once and see the well - dress man hurry up the stair . closeup on well - dress man 's face . it be Frank , underneath a very good disguise . Jeffrey have trouble get the key out of he pocket . he fumble with it and it drop to the floor . Frank climb the stair . finally the key go in and Jeffrey frantically open the door . he rush into the room . 220 . int . dorothy's apartment - night the horror and strangeness of the scene within strike he again . he rush to the yellow man and take the police radio out of he pocket . he run into the back of the apartment - to the back bedroom where he crouch down behind a double bed . jeffrey ( into the radio ) detective Williams !! detective Williams !! detective william ( over radio ) detective Williams here . be that you , Jeffrey ? jeffrey yes it 's I !!! Frank be on he way up to dorothy 's apartment . ( think ; hit himself in the forehead ; inner voice ) oh no . Frank have a radio and be hearing everything we say !! ( think some more - fast ) detective Williams . hurry . I be in the apartment . hurry . I be hide in the back bedroom . detective william we be ten minute away and move as fast as we can . 221 . ext . neighborhood STREET - night Sandy run frantically down a dark street . we see a street sign which say " lincoln . " 222 . int . dorothy's apartment - night Jeffrey drop the radio under the bed and run back to the live room . he leap safely into the closet just as Frank open the apartment door and enter . Jeffrey freeze with fear in the darkness of the closet . Frank be smile . frank ( call pleasantly in the direction of the back bedroom ) hey neighbor . shit for brain . you forget I have a police radio . I know where you cute little butt be hide . here I come ! ready or not ! he start down the hall to the back bedroom . the police radio which Jeffrey plant under the bed and Frank 's radio both start broadcasting . Frank turn he radio off - now only the one under the bed play . frank hey fuck . I can hear you radio ! . hey you stupid fuck . you get about a second to live . Jeffrey watch Frank reach inside he coat for he gun . he watch Frank sneak to the back bedroom area . Jeffrey turn and look at the yellow man . he get a idea . he quickly rush out of the closet - feel inside the yellow man 's coat for he police gun . it 's there . he get it but it cause the yellow man to moan and leap some in another almost death -spasm . Jeffrey take the bloody pistol and race back inside the closet frantically catch he breath . just then he hear Frank in the back room . frank ( v.o. ) ( helium voice ) hey pretty pretty . Jeffrey then hear three or four shot - deadly sounding come from a pistol with a silencer attach . frank ( v.o. ) hey fuck , where be you ? Jeffrey see a furious Frank come storming out of the back room and come slowly up the hall - directly toward he . Jeffrey raise he pistol - very slowly . Frank enter the live room . he look around . the yellow man moan . Frank make a face and blast the remainder of the yellow man 's head away and this time the yellow man fall dead to the floor . Jeffrey tense in the silence which hang in the air . Frank look to the kitchen . all around the live room . he look at the closet . he smile - he slowly go right toward Jeffrey - smile . Jeffrey point the pistol . his finger move to the trigger . he squint he eye . he do not want to kill a man . any man . Frank come right to the closet door and throw it open , when Jeffrey hear Sandy scream . sandy ( v.o. ) Jeffrey !! Frank and Jeffrey lock eye as Jeffrey pull the trigger . he yell Sandy 's name and Frank 's head be blow off . we see Sandy 's frighten face . we see policeman racing up the stair in dorothy 's apartment . 223 . ext . apartment build - night we see cop car with light revolve , radio blaring . 224 . int . conference room - police station - night the large room be crowded with policeman and member of the f.b.i . everyone be talk excitedly . Jeffrey and Sandy be sit by detective Williams in wooden chair near the center of the room . we hear bit of conversation . detective william ( to Jeffrey ) because of you information I alert internal affair to check out detective Gordon . I have to keep on with he as if nothing be different . he slip off on he own when he find out we be go to raid Frank 's place . jeffrey do dorothy know she husband be dead ? detective william not yet . jeffrey oh my God . be she son ok ? f.b.i. man we be look for he . in you opinion , why do Frank kidnap dorothy 's son and husband ? jeffrey he become obsessed with she . she hate he . he have to have she . he kidnap they to control she . to make she do thing . then she want to commit suicide so he start cut off ear as a warning to she to stay alive . I be not kid . Frank love blue . blue velvet . he have to have dorothy cause she whole life be blue . f.b.i. man you seem to see some very interesting thing on you little escapade with dorothy vallen . jeffrey yeah . I guess I do . ( he turn to Sandy with a worried look ) what 's go to happen to I ? f.b.i. man we be go to leave that up to detective Williams . I will tell you though . you be okay . you shot a real son of a bitch . jeffrey yeah . I sure know that . yeah , but how many more be out there ? fade to black - darkness 225 . ext . beaumont ' back yard - day a huge low roaring sound come in . slowly we come up out of a huge dark hole . we see we be rise out of a ear but still among the crevice . they look enormous . we move up and float above the ear and traverse across a cheek to a eye . Jeffrey 's eye . his face be bath in light . all sort of springtime - in- the-garden sound be hear . we suddenly see that Jeffrey be sleep in he back yard . detective Williams be with Mr. beaumont work in the garden in the distance . the sprinkler be turn . Sandy come out on the back porch and call . sandy Jeffrey . lunch be ready . Jeffrey open he eye . he look around confuse for a moment . he see Sandy . jeffrey okay . I will be right in . Sandy go back inside . suddenly , a big red robin chirp loudly above . Jeffrey look up at it sit in the cherry tree . the Robin and Jeffrey seem to exchange a special look . Jeffrey smile up at the fat bird . he get off the lawn chair and walk away from we toward the back door of the house . as he pass he father and detective Williams : jeffrey how ya doin ' dad ? mr. beaumont ( distant voice ) hey Jeff . I be feelin ' so much better . jeffrey good deal dad . he and detective Williams share a smile . 226 . int . beaumont ' kitchen - day Jeffrey enter the kitchen and see Sandy stand with aunt Barbara by the kitchen window . Beyond , in the live room Mrs. Williams and Jeffrey 's mother turn toward the kitchen when they hear the screen door slam . a large Red Robin have just fly down to the window still carry a big bug in its mouth . sandy ( refer to the bird ) look Jeffrey . jeffrey ( as he join aunt Barbara and Sandy to look at the robin ) yeah . I just see he outside . maybe the robin be here . aunt barbara I do not see how they do it . I could never eat a bug . jeffrey and sandy ( smile ) it 's a strange world , be not it ? CUT to : 227 . ext . flower garden - day yellow tulip sway in a warm afternoon breeze . dissolve to : 228 . ext . shady STREET - day a bright red gorgeous fire engine be move very slowly down the street . we move in to see the happy face of a fireman . dissolve to : 229 . ext . crosswalk - shady STREET - day a very clean uniform , smile policeman with arm outstretch allow clean happy school child to cross the street safely . dissolve to : 230 . ext . tree - day a songbird sing in a tree . we be in a beautiful park . slowly we move down and a little hat with a propeller come into view . the hat be on the head of a small child who be dance slowly toward dorothy . she be laugh . when the boy get within arm reach they embrace . we move close to dorothy 's smile face . tear of happiness come into she eye , but there be still a distant look as we hear Bobby vinton sing the last line of he song . " and I still can see Blue Velvet through my tear . " Blue Velvet dissolves in and take over the image . the end ( function ( i , 's , of , g , be , a , m ) { i [ ' googleanalyticsobject '] =r ; i [ be ] = i [ be ]||function ( ) { ( i [ be ].q= i [ be ].q| | [ ] ) .push ( argument ) } , i [ r].l=1*new date ( ) ; a=s.createElement ( of ) , m=s.getelementsbytagname ( of ) [ 0 ] ;a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentnode.insertbefore ( a , m ) } ) ( window , document , ' script ' , '//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga'); ga ( 'create ' , ' ua-67290913 - 1 ' , ' auto ' ) ; ga ( ' send ' , ' pageview ' ) ;