born a original screenplay by David S. goyer November 4 , 2007 over darkness we hear a young boy whisper : child voice some people be doorway . ext . WASHINGTON park - portland , oregon - day fade in on a gray , drizzly morning . we be glide behind a young woman as she jog down a leaf-strewn path . she have a lean , athletic body . we follow she for a good while . casey ( v.o . ) it start with I run . my usual route . it 's early , so the park be completely empty . presently , the woman slow to a stop , she shoulder rhythmically rise and fall as she breathes . angle on the woman attractive , intense , with soulful brown eye . this be casey bell ( 19 ) . casey stare at a object on the ground -- a red knit glove . she pick it up . as she rise , she tense -- casey ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then I get the feel that someone be watch I . she slowly turn around -- a little boy ( 9 ) stands in the path . he be pale , with haunt eye , dress in clothes a half - century out of date . on he leave hand be the match glove . we will come to know this boy as barto . casey stare at the boy , grip by rise apprehension -- _ only now a dog sit in the boy 's place , rest on its haunch . a bull terrier . a papier- maché mask of the boy 's face be strapped to the dog 's head with red ribbon . the dog trot off into the nearby tree . casey follow . ext . WASHINGTON park - wood - day casey push she way through branch and bramble , come upon the discard mask . the dog be nowhere to be find . casey reach for the mask , but realize that the end of the ribbon be bury in the soil . she dig with she finger , unearthing a mason jar . casey brushes dirt from it . close on the jar a human embryo rest within formaldehyde . about nine week into development . suddenly , the embryo open its eye . romy voice that 's disgusting . int . neilson home - livingroom - night the light be off and casey be nestle on a couch , a cellphone in one hand , a fashion magazine open on she lap . a tv be on , the sound mute . casey I know . so what do the dream mean ? int . marshall house - romy 's bedroom - night ( intercut ) romy marshall ( 19 ) , casey 's slightly neurotic best friend , leaf through a book on dream symbol . romy that you vagina be completely disease - infest . casey' voice shut up . for real . romy sigh , read from the page in question . romy '' Babies be symbolic of change and renewal . if the baby be a stranger to you , it may represent something develop within yourself that be not yet ready to be bear . '' ( beat , deadpan ) it do not say anything about baby in formaldehyde . int . neilson home - livingroom - night ( intercut ) casey stretch out , slinking further down into the couch . casey what about dog ? romy 's voice it do not say anything about dog in formaldehyde either . casey fuck you , romy . romy 's voice okay , okay -- ( sighing , flipping page ) '' depend on its action , a dog May represent the dreamer 's natural drive and instinct , whether they be restrain or unleash . in mythology the dog be often see as the guardian of the afterlife , or a messenger between the visible and the hide -- " then it just go on with more psycho-babble . ( beat ) forget about it . so how be the kid ? do you have to change diaper and shit like that ? casey ( laugh ) no . the baby be down when I get here . and the four year - old conk out as soon as I read to he . romy voice do you think they have a nanny - cam ? casey come on . romy voice I would if I have kid . there 's no way I would trust they with some random teenager . ( conspiratorially ) do you think they have any porn in they dvd collection ? casey like I really want to know what Mr. neilson beat off to . romy 's voice well it 's not Mrs. neilson , that 's for sure . ( more ) romy 's voice ( cont 'd ) you know , Lisa be sit for the stapleton and she find , like full - on gay porn in they media closet . just then , a thump sound from overhead . casey look towards the ceiling , suddenly alert . casey hold on . another thump . definitely come from upstairs . casey lean over the coffee table , reach for a baby monitor . she turn up the volume , listen . we slowly push in on the monitor . through the hissing static a barely discernible whisper . unintelligible , and then : child voice some people be doorway . int . neilson home - stairwell - night casey turn on a light , peer up the carpete stair to the landing above . she call out . casey matty ? you up ? no answer . casey start up the stair . casey ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) romy , hang on . I think one of the kid be awake . int . neilson home - upper hallway - night at the end of the hall , light shine out from the open nursery door . casey approach with mild trepidation . casey matty ? casey' Pov as she round the corner matty neilson ( 5 ) become frame in the doorway , clad in superhero pajamas . a chair have be pull beside the crib . matty stand on it , lean over the crib rail , hold a small mirror . he pivot the mirror back and forth , reflect light into the baby 's face . casey ( cont 'd ) what be you do , matty ? matty do not respond . he be intent upon he task . casey ( cont ’d ) matty . again , no response . casey step forward , gently tug at the boy 's arm . he resist she . then the baby begin to cry and casey renew she effort . casey ( cont 'd ) matty , stop that . suddenly , matty twist around and smashes the mirror into casey 's face . the mirror shatter and casey stagger back , drop she cell phone . she stare at matty , stunne . casey ( cont ’d ) matty !!! matty glare back , emotionless , hand immobile at he side . matty jumby want to be bear now . and just like that , whatever spell have take hold of matty seem to lift . he seem disorient . then he begin to wail . on the floor , romy 's voice be hear from the fall phone : romy 's voice casey ? what 's go on there ? int . neilson home - stairwell - night some time later , casey stand opposite roger and gail neilson ( 30 ) , who have return from they night on the town . both be apologetic , agitate . gail hold the baby in she arm . casey dab at she leave cheek with a kleenex , have receive what amount to little more than a scratch . gail be you sure you be alright ? casey it 's fine , it 's nothing . roger I can not even imagine what get into he . he 's never do anything like that before . casey I probably just startle he . honestly , he be more upset than I be afterwards . gail all the same , I would feel better if you have you eye check out . embarrass and anxious to put the whole thing past she , casey edge towards the front door . casey I will . I promise . ext . neilson home - front porch - night it 's quiet . just the sound of wind chime come from a neighbor 's porch . casey exit , the neilson trail she out . halfway down they driveway , she pause and wave , then start in a catty - corner direction across the street towards -- the bell home , a upper middle - class Colonial revival with a s-class black mercede park in front . as casey approach she house , she pause . on the ground be a_red knit glove . casey freeze , eye wide . she fearfully look behind she -- but no one be there . casey look back to the glove . she shake she head , dismiss it as nothing . but as she continue onward , she give the glove a wide berth . int . bell home - entry way / livingroom - night casey enter , shed she coat at the door , try to shake the feel of unease . we follow her into the livingroom . casey hey , dad. allison . gordon bell ( 40s ) , be cuddle on the couch with he girlfriend , allison thayer ( 30 ) . they be watch a movie . allison how be sit , casey ? casey ( not want to engage ) Fine . though they be cordial enough , we sense that casey and allison be not particularly friendly . gordon there 's cheesecake from ricardo 's , if you want it . casey thanks , but I think I be just go to crash . night , you guy . casey continue on she way . int . bell home - casey' bathroom / bedroom - night casey , now wear a T-shirt and panty , stand at the sink . she open the medicine cabinet , take out she birth control pill , pop one from a blister pack and downs it . as she close the medicine cabinet , she inspect the scratch on she cheek in the mirror . it 's minor . she turn off the bathroom light , exit . a few step into she darken bedroom , she pause . there 's a tapping behind she , like someone rapping on a window pane . casey turn . it 's come from behind the cabinet mirror . casey open the medicine cabinet . there 's nothing inside but toiletry . she shut it again , dismiss it as nothing . moment later , casey climb in bed . she stare at the ceiling , then look to a frame photo -- casey as a girl , laugh in the arm of a woman ( 30 ) . casey study the photo , shut she eye . angle on the medicine cabinet mirror slowly push in . the tapping be hear again , but slightly lower in volume now . fade to black . int . bell home - kitchen - day fade in as casey hurriedly fix breakfast . the tv be on , some inane morning show . casey have a pan on the stove , some egg ready nearby . she pour herself a glass of juice , chug it down . then she crack one of the egg open into the pan . as it sizzle , she reach for a second egg , crack it too -- as the egg spill out something squirm amidst the yolk . a creepy - crawly potato bug , over a inch long . it 's on its back , leg writhe . casey gag , dump the pan 's content into a wastebasket . thoroughly gross out , she look through the window above the sink -- at the neilson 's house across the street . romy ( prelap ) and that be all the kid say ? ext . garrison community college —- common - day casey sit at a table with she boyfriend , MARK hardigan , who have he arm drape around she . he 's tall , good -look , thoughtful . the perfect boyfriend . across from they be romy and lisa shepherd , another student . it 's lunchtime . casey yeah . '' jumby want to be bear now . '' and then he hit I . lisa that 's creepy . MARK the kid 's four . he probably do not even know what he be do . romy it 's bad luck , you know . casey break the mirror ? romy well , that . but what he be do with it , too . newborn be not suppose to see they own reflection until they be at least a year old . it mean they 's 1l die soon . MARK accord to who ? romy it 's just one of that superstition . MARK you be completely fuck in the head . romy ( defensive ) it 's not like I believe it . it 's just one of that thing . MARK where do you get all this useless information ? it 's amazing . romy I read , okay ? you should try it some time . they string all this word together on a page and they spell out a message . it 's awesome . Mark roll he eye , make a '' retardo '' face . Lisa , meanwhile , have lose interest in the conversation and be check she text message . lisa hey , you guy want to go to St. andrew on Saturday night ? brandon 's brother be djing . romy I would be up for that . Mark nod as well , but he 's get he eye on casey , who look preoccupy . she catch he watch she , smile at he . just then , the school bell ring . int . science hall - day casey sit near the back , a few row away from Mark . she 's get a notebook open and be do she best to pay attention . mr . shield ( 30 ) , cute and energetic by professor standard , pace before the chalkboard at the head of the class . he 's already write the day 's subject on the board : '' the great imponderables '' . 10 . now he 's finish a question beneath that . '' what happened before time began ? '' shield as far as we know , the universe be roughly fifteen billion year old . so if the universe have a beginning , what happen before the beginning ? shield scan the face of he student . they be stump . casey blink , distract . she rub she leave eye ( the one matty have hit ) as if she have something in it . shield ( cont 'd ) okay . Fair enough . people have be wrack they brain over that one for thousand of year . Einstein would tell we that there be no before , since time itself do not exist yet . casey continue to feel discomfort . she 's get a itch , so she scratch behind she ear , brush she hair away . casey' Pov her vision warp , the word on the blackboard blur . shield ( cont 'd ) so here 's another question -- how big be the universe ? Mr. shield turn to the board , write a second question : '' how big be the universe ? '' casey shut she eye , massage she temple . she open they again . from she perspective , the new question now read : '' jumby want to be born now . '' casey look at she note , sees that she 's write the same statement repeatedly , cover virtually the entire page . shield ( cont 'd ) do the universe go on forever ? and if it do not go on forever , then what 's beyond the edge ? a student raise he hand and shield nod to he . 11 . student nothing ? shield maybe yes , maybe no . here 's the catch . since we universe be create , the light from the Big bang have be steadily travel outward . now by definition , nothing 's faster than light -- so we would never be able to catch up to that boundary . be even if we do , you could never go beyond it , because space itself bend . you would wind up back where you start . it would be like walk into a mirror . casey look back to the board once more , sees that the question have revert to its original state . she feel another itch , brushes she hair away again . but when she bring she hand back in front of she face she sees -- a potato bug crawl across she hand , like the one in the egg yolk ! casey scream , fling the bug onto the floor . she stomp on it repeatedly . the other look at she , concerned . shield ( cont 'd ) be everything alright , casey ? int . community college - women 's gym - day casey be in the shower with a few other girl , clutching herself beneath the warm spray , tuning out the chatter . moment later , casey stand at a sink , brush out she hair . romy be there too , wrap in a towel , apply makeup . romy -- so then he texted I the day after we go out . '' I miss you '' . but when I texted he back , he never reply . and that be like two day ago . what do you think 's up with that ? should I call he ? 12 . casey he 's probably see someone else too . romy so why bother say he miss I , then ? casey he probably texted both of you . he be see who would answer first . it be a booty text . romy case -- casey look up , register concern on romy 's face . romy ( cont 'd ) there 's something wrong with you eye . casey what be you talk about ? romy go look . romy nod to the mirror . casey look . close on casey 's left eye the eye matty strike . a_good portion of she brown iris have turn bright blue . casey blink and we -- match CUT to : int . ophthamology examining room - day the same eye , the pupil constrict as light shine over it . dr . caldwell ( 0.s. ) it 's call heterochromia , meaning one iris be a different color than the other . usually , it 's congenital . reveal casey in a examination chair , she hand rigidly clasp the armrest . Mark sit beside she , while dr . caldwell ( 5as ) inspect she eye with a ophthalmoscope . 13 . dr . caldwell ( cont ’d ) normally , it 's the entire iris . sectoral or partial discoloration like this be much more uncommon . MARK be it dangerous ? dr . caldwell not in of itself . sometimes it occur after blunt trauma . blood might pool in the anterior chamber and you will get iron deposit . on very rare occasion it might be indicative of a melanomatous tumor . in order to rule that out I 'il need to take a few digital picture . caldwell set down the scope and reach for another device . dr . caldwell ( cont ’d ) this be a retinal camera . we put a little topical gel on you cornea and the imagine head rest directly on top of that . it feel a bit strange , but it 's perfectly safe . i’11 put some anaesthetic eye-drop in first . casey okay . caldwell apply the eye-drop , then reach to a tray where a q-tip rest in a dish of gel . casey grasp Mark 's hand . caldwell spread apart the lid of she leave eye with he thumb and forefinger . with the other hand , he gently apply the gel to the surface of she cornea . dr . caldwell now you will feel some mild pressure . try not to blink , alright ? caldwell pick up the handheld camera and position the imaging head directly onto she eye . Mark wince , focus instead on a nearby lcd monitor where a real - time view of the anterior segment of casey 's eye can be see . dr . caldwell ( cont ’d ) okay . we be do . 14 . caldwell remove the camera and casey blink reflexively . caldwell swivel he chair over to the lcd screen and use a mouse to click through the capture image . casey see anything ? dr . caldwell ( shaking he head ) not really . no evidence of any hemorrhage or lesion . ( turn back ) I admit I be stump . I have like to run a blood panel , just to be safe . I be also go to recommend a mri of the surround orbital cavity . int . MARK 's car - day Mark drive while casey lounge in the passenger seat , she head propped against the window . she 's watch the pass landscape , wear a pair of that dark , disposable sunglass that be give to eye patient post-examination . casey' Pov ( through the window ) her vision be blurry , with halation obscure any bright highlight . up ahead , a man be walk a bull terrier along the road . as we pass by , the dog look up at the car -- it 's wear the papier - maché mask from casey 's dream . casey do a double-take . she remove she sunglass , start rub she eye . casey Jesus . Mark glance over at she , concerned . MARK do it hurt ? casey no . the light 's just a little bright because of the eye-drop . casey force a smile and reach for Mark 's hand . casey ( cont 'd ) thanks for drive I . 15 . MARK no problem . casey you want to stay over for a while ? my dad will not be back from he deposition until tomorrow morning . MARK so do that mean you be feel frisky ? casey ( shrugging ) maybe . MARK awesome , cause that glass be definitely give I a boner . casey roll she eye , put the dorky glass back on . int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - night casey and Mark be just finish have sex . Mark roll off , wind . casey rest she head on he chest . they stay that way for a while , lose in they own private thought . MARK it really screw with you head . casey what ? MARK the whole idea that the universe do not have a end . casey that 's what you be think about just now ? Mark prop himself up on a elbow . MARK when I be a kid , there be this picture book on myth that I use to check out from the library . and there be this one entry about how the american Indians believe that the whole world rest on the back of a giant turtle . ( more ) 16 . MARK ( cont 'd ) and I guess someone ask this indian chief , '' well what 's underneath the turtle ? '' and the chief shot back that it be turtles all the way down . casey smile at this . MARK ( cont 'd ) and that 's what the picture show - - the world on this huge turtle , then another turtle beneath that one , and so on . all this turtles dwindling away into the distance . Mark pause , find himself oddly haunt by the memory . MARK ( cont 'd ) and for some reason , that picture always upset I . I could not wrap my head around there be this turtles go on forever . I have try to imagine what it would feel like if you fall off and be fall past they . know that you have never land . that you have just keep fall forever . casey I still get that way when I think about die . MARK you do not think there 's a afterlife ? after a long beat , casey answer : casey no . MARK why ? casey turn around now , search Mark 's eye with she own . casey because I do not feel she anywhere . Mark look to the nearby photo of casey and she Mom , then pull she closer , as much for he own comfort as hers . Mark nod . 17 . casey ( cont 'd ) I remember the last time I see she . we go to the hospital . she be just sit there in she room , stare into the corner . it be like she be already go . MARK do she say anything to you ? casey yeah . she say she have find out who she mother be . MARK what do you mean ? casey well , she be adopt . and she never know who she birth mother be . so I guess she find out or something . MARK so who be it ? casey she never say . the next day she be dead . ( beat ) they say it take a really long time when you hang yourself , that sometimes people have second thought , but then they can not do anything about it . ( shaking she head ) I use to hate she for leave we . what can he possibly say ? then he notice the time on the bedside table clock -- 11:11 . MARK hey , four stick . casey hmmm ? MARK ( be : clock ) 11:11 . Close you eye and make a wish . casey shut she eye , think . the clock change to 11:12 . + fh hhh * * 18 . MARK ( cont 'd ) okay , good . you get that one . casey open she eye and smile . then she sit up , give Mark a kiss , reach for a robe at the foot of the bed . int . bell home - casey 's bathroom - night casey sit on the toilet , finish a pee . she flush , stand , open the medicine cabinet and take out she birth control pill . she close the cabinet . close on casey' reflection the patch of discoloration in the afflict iris be grow . disturb , casey flip off the light and exit -- -- but only get a few step before she stop . she hear that tapping again , come from within the medicine cabinet . casey open the cabinet . as before , nothing be amiss . just a bunch of toiletry inside . casey remove a couple of the larger item , check behind they , but there 's hardly room to conceal anything hide . feeling foolish , casey return the item and shut the cabinet . but even as she step away , the tapping resume . casey stare at the cabinet . it 's not she imagination . the sound be definitely come from behind the mirror . summon she strength , casey fling open the cabinet -- a howling face stare back at her the little boy from she nightmare ! he reach out , he entire body have be somehow wedge into the tiny confines of the cabinet . casey scream , throw herself backwards . Mark be there in a instant , have pull on he boxer . MARK what , what --?! casey point to the partially close medicine cabinet -- casey Inside -- inside it !!! Mark cautiously swing the cabinet open -- but the boy be go . Mark step aside , offer casey a clear view . 19 . MARK I do not see anything . be it a spider or something ? casey stand , draw closer . everything in the cabinet be as it be before . her brow furrow . int . bell home - entry way - night Mark , now fully dress , be at the front door . casey , still in she robe , be see he out . MARK you sure you be okay ? because I can stay . casey it 's fine , honestly . I just need some sleep . MARK okay . but if you get freak out , you call I , alright ? any time . casey nod . they kiss and Mark exit . after casey shut the front door , she lean against it , collect herself . then she look upward , at the stair lead to the second floor . int . bell home - casey 's bathroom - night moment later , we find casey with a screwdriver , remove the bottom hinge of the cabinet mirror . have freed the mirror , she set it on the floor in the corner , face down . int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - night casey climb in bed , pull the cover up . she stare at the ceiling , glance over at the photograph of she mother . a memory flash casey ( 8 ) in the doorway of a hospital room with she father . janet bell ( 30 ) sit at a table in a hospital gown , doped up on drug , stare into the void . back to casey in the present as she turn away from the photo and shut she eye . fade to black . 20 . int . bell home - kitchen - day fade in on casey finish a cup of juice . she 's in she run clothes . she set the empty cup in the sink , then reach for she ipod shuffle . she insert the ear bud and head out the door . ext . WASHINGTON park - day a gray , drizzly morning . much like the one in casey 's dream . casey run the same route , lose in she music . as she round the bend where she have see the glove and the boy , she slow . but there be no glove and there be no boy . ext . suburban STREET - day exhausted from she run , casey walk back home . we hear wind chime come from a neighbor 's front porch . across the STREET two police car be park in front of the neilson 's house , along with a white county coroner van . two officer linger by the car . a number of neighbor have gather as well . casey turn to mrs . byrne , a elderly neighbor who have be walk she dog . casey Mrs. byrne -- what 's go on ? mrs . byrne it 's the baby . she be not breathe . just then , a coroner investigator and a forensic assistant exit the house , maneuver a wheeled gurney onto the walkway . a tiny figure cover by a sheet have be belt to a backboard . gail neilson rush alongside it , sobbing . gail no , no , please do not take she ! please , please , she 's not dead !!! Roger , gail 's grief -stricken husband , pries she away . on casey , shake . then she catch sight of matty in the neilson 's upstairs window . he make eye-contact with casey . as if the two of they share some hide knowledge . casey edge away . dr . caldwell ( prelap ) we have get you lab result back and everything 's fine . int . ophthamology examining room - day casey be back in Dr. caldwell 's office . he 's get from she mri up on a light box and be point at dr . caldwell as you can see , there 's no evidence of a tumor or any other kind of pathology . so we can rule out retinoblastoma . ( beat ) but there be one oddity -- 21 . the result it . Dr. caldwell reach for a clipboard with various test result . he study they a beat , then look up at casey . dr . caldwell ( cont ’d ) be you a twin by any chance , Ms. Bell ? casey no. I be a only child . dr . caldwell hmmm . be you familiar with the term genetic mosaicism ? casey uh , no . dr . caldwell it 's a medical condition in which a individual have two or more genetically - distinct cell population . for instance , a person might have more than one blood type , which happen to be the case with you . you be predominantly type -a , but then you have get a little B as well . casey how be that possible ? 22 . dr . caldwell well , occasionally , when you be deal with twin , the placentas can become fuse and a certain amount of blood will be exchange back and forth . if you do have a twin , I suppose the emerge pigmentation in you affect iris could be a result of that foreign genetic strand . ( beat ) I do not think it 's anything you need to worry about . but you may want to see a genetic counselor , just to be on the safe side . CUT to : int . law firm —- conference room - day Gordon be in the midst of a heat deposition for a divorce case . sitting with he be the wife , she husband , he attorney , and a court reporter . the wife be upset , while the husband project a air of hostile detachment . gordon now Ms. beckett , as difficult as this may be , I need you to recount for we how you come upon you husband and the woman in question . wife I be on he computer , look for a recipe online -- and I happen to check the history menu on the web navigator . there be a page for this bed and breakfast -- someone knock . Gordon look up , sees he secretary in the doorway . he shake he head , try to will she to leave . secretary Sir , I be sorry -- ( approach , sotto ) you daughter 's here . she 's quite upset . int . law firm —- gordon 's office - day Gordon enter he well - appoint office , sees casey stand by the window , defensively hugging she arm . 23 . casey I get my test result back . Gordon stop short , concerned . casey ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . I be basically fine . gordon basically ? casey be I a twin , dad ? gordon what do that have to --? casey it 's a simple yes or no question . be I a twin ? casey 's stern gaze give Gordon pause . he back - track , shut he office door . gordon yes . you have -- ( correct himself ) -- you would have have a brother . he die while the two of you be still in utero . upon hearing this , casey 's agitate demeanor deflate . casey how ? gordon casey , it be a long time ago -- casey dad , I need to know . gordon ( sighing ) it be a freak thing . the placentas become fuse . it 's not suppose to happen with fraternal twin . casey and that cause he to die ? Gordon look pain . he really do not want to elaborate . 24 . gordon one of the umbilical get twisted around he throat . instinctively , casey know what 's about to come next . casey my cord ? Gordon nod . casey blink , try to process it . casey ( cont 'd ) why do not you ever tell I about this ? gordon you have to understand -- it be a difficult period for you mother and I . and then , with everything that happen afterward -- he hate have to dredge all this up again . gordon ( cont 'd ) by the time you be old enough to understand , it just do not seem relevant anymore . casey be that why Mom kill herself ? Gordon be horrify at the suggestion . gordon you mother be clinically depressed , case . casey and lose one of she kid push she over the edge . gordon no . see , this be exactly why I never bring any of this up . you mother take she own life because she be mentally ill . period . now if you be look to ascribe blame you could point to I . or she parent . or society for make she feel inadequate . or a million other thing . ( gentler ) ( more ) 25 . gordon ( cont 'd ) or you can just accept the fact that some people come into this world less equip for life than other . casey like my brother ? Gordon shake he head , sadden . gordon he be never you brother , case . it be too early in the pregnancy for that . you have to understand -- we have not fully accept the reality of either of you guy . casey do he have a name ? gordon neither of you do yet . we just have nickname for you . casey what be they ? gordon ( smile at the memory ) you be pongo . something be gnaw at casey now . casey and what be he nickname ? gordon jumby . casey blanch , ice water flooding she vein . CUT to : int . bell home - attic closet - day a light come on , illuminate a dusty shelf . we see personal effect label '' janet 's thing '' , photo album . reveal casey remove the photo album from the shelf . casey sit on the floor of the attic , paging through the album by flashlight , occasionally use a magnify glass to get a closer view . some of the photo make she smile . 26 . the first album we see family vacation , childhood birthdays , school portrait of casey . beneath each photo be a date caption , pen in Janet 's meticulous print . because the album be arrange chronologically , we be move backwards in time . the second album baby photo of casey , alongside she proud and happy parent . we see casey as a toddler , a infant , a newborn . then Janet be pregnant , carry the yet - to- be-born casey . casey reach a page where one photo be conspicuously absent . the date be there : '' 11 - 6 - 89 " , but the photo be go . casey flip through the rest of the page , but it 's nowhere . casey return to the closet , sweeping the flashlight around . and there , tuck near the back , be a cardboard folio . casey pull it down . Inside be a Super 8 film reel along with a single photo paper-clipped to a old newspaper story . the photo on the back be a date , which correspond to the caption of the one miss from the album . the photo depict Janet , mid - way through she pregnancy . to she leave be a mirror . casey look at the newspaper article entitle : '' holocaust survivor remembers for that who can ’t '' . the article mention a elderly woman name '' sofi kozma '' and the name be underline in pen . in the margin of the article be a phone number , again , pen in Janet 's script . casey set the article aside , pick up the photo again . she pay closer attention now , focus on the mirror to Janet 's leave . someone 's reflection can be see in it . casey pick up the magnify glass , center it on the reflection . enlarged image the haunt face of the boy from she nightmare stare back . ext . eldon estate retirement residence - day a flock of bird take wing , spread out over a collection of brick building nestle within several wood acre . romy ( prelap ) I can not believe I let you talk I into come here . 27 . int . eldon estate - lounge / nurse station - day casey and romy make they way through a sparsely populate lounge . romy look around , unnerve . a few resident play card . most simply sit by themselves . casey look , clearly my Mom think this woman be important . why else would she have keep that article ? why would it be with that creepy photo ? romy the kid from you dream . casey yes . romy I do not know , case . if this be I , I have just take a xanax and call it a day . casey so wait in the car . romy oh no . no . this be gonna be way too bizarro for I to miss out on . plus , I love the smell in here . it 's like baby aspirin , mix with old people 's shit . as they reach the nurse 's station , they pass a '' in loving memory ... '' obituary board with photo of the recently decease . nearby , a lineup of senescent patient await they medication . casey approach the charge nurse . casey hi . we be here to see sofi kozma ? charge nurse she 's on floor Three . room 307 . int . eldon estate - third floor corridor - day casey and romy make they way down a corridor incongruously decorate with scene of a English fox hunt , glimpsing a variety of grim vignettes within the room they pass : 28 . -- patient comatose on they bed , wear thin blue nose catheter attach to oxygen tank . -- patient lean on walker , back bent by osteoporosis . -- patient aimlessly wander the hall , dement and lose within they fortress of memory . near the end of the hall a slack - jaw man , eli WALKER , sit in a wheelchair , he wrist bound to the armrest . the edge of a diaper can be see peek out from he sweat pants . romy ( a horrify whisper ) that guy be wear a diaper . how mess up be that ? Jesus , I do not want to grow old . sofi ( 0.s. ) no one do . sofi kozma ( 70 ) , lean on a cane in the doorway of she room . she have fleecy white hair , a face quilt with wrinkle . but she eye be clear , focus , and she outfit be well put together give she circumstance . she nod to the man in the wheelchair , speak in a mild , Eastern european accent . sofi ( cont 'd ) Mr. Walker suffer a stroke . and now he be paralyze from the waist down . but I do not think he suffer much anymore . his mind be elsewhere . she sigh , a mixture of empathy and resign fatalism . sofi ( cont 'd ) one of you be the young woman I speak to ? casey that be I , casey Bell . this be my friend romy . sofi please , come in . sofi step aside , invite they to enter . 29 . int . eldon estate - sofi 's room —- day sofi 's room be modest , a few personal decoration help to offset the institutional furnishings . a mezuzah have be affix to the entryway . by the window be a number of tiny bell , hang from a series of red string . sofi settles into a chair , gesture for casey and romy to do the same . sofi grasp a silver charm -- a two - thumbed downward - point hand contain within a Star of David and surround by six eye . known as a '' hand of miriam '' . romy glance around , try to be cheerful . romy it 's homey in here . sofi it 's tolerable . I have certainly endure worse . casey notice a rectangular portion of wallpaper not as sun - fade as the rest . there be screw hole in the four corner of the area , as if something hang have be remove . casey what be over there ? sofi oh , there use to be a mirror . I have it remove . casey suppress a shiver at this , rile by the coincidence . sofi study casey more carefully now , point to she face . sofi ( cont 'd ) you eye -- casey yeah , it 's , um -- sort of a hereditary thing . sofi nod , but she seem unsettle by casey 's appearance . sofi be you a twin , Ms. Bell ? the question give casey pause . she look to romy , who raise she eyebrow . that be weird . 30 . casey I be . I have a brother that die in childbirth . why do you ask ? sofi I use to have a twin brother as well . I can sense it sometimes , in other . a certain kind of manner . casey well , it 's funny -- I just recently find out about my twin . and that 's sort of what lead I here . casey take the newspaper article and photo from she purse . casey ( cont 'd ) my mother 's name be Janet Bell . she pass away a few year ago , but I find this in she thing -- as sofi take the article , we glimpse a fade concentration camp number tattooe on the inside of she wrist . casey ( cont 'd ) do you know my mother ? sofi no , I be afraid not . casey she never try to contact you ? sofi shake she head . casey hand she the photo . casey ( cont 'd ) this be she . will you just look at that for a moment . make sure you have never see she ? sofi study it . and we may notice that she hand be tremble . after a beat , she look up again , apologetic . sofi I be sorry , dear . frustrate , casey point to the mirror alongside she mother . casey what about the person here ? in the reflection ? do you know who that be ? 31 . upon register the reflection , sofi 's face grow pale . she look up at casey with a mixture of fear and outrage . sofi get out . casey I be sorry , what --? sofi thrust the photo back at casey as if it be poison . sofi get out !!! menjen innen ! casey back away , shocked by sofi 's sudden transformation . sofi rise , scream in a mixture of English and hungarian . sofi ( cont 'd ) how dare you ? az isten atkozzon meg a sok rosszasagodert ! go! leave now ! menjen ! menjen !!! int . eldon estate - third floor corridor - day casey and romy retreat into the hall even as other resident wander from they room . some throw accusatory glance at the girl . a friend ( evelyn 60s ) appear , move to sofi 's side , try to console she . sofi be sobbing now . ext . eldon estate retirement residence - parking lot - day casey and romy be back at casey 's car . romy pace , compulsively drag on a light cigarette . romy that be completely fuck up . casey how do she know I be a twin ? romy a guess -- I do not know -- ( want to just drop it ) look , she 's crazy . she 's probably get Alzheimer 's . but casey shake she head , not willing to let it go . casey no , she know something . 32 . romy like what ? why you mother '' kill herself " ? get real . casey react , surprised to find herself consider it . casey but what if she do know . romy she do not , case . this whole thing be bullshit . you have some weird dream and then this thing with you eye . then you find out you would have have a brother -- and believe I , that alone would be plenty enough to send I into therapy . but that 's all we be talk about here . just a bunch of weird coincidence . casey what about the neilson 's baby die ? and what matty say ? ( emphatic ) he say '' jumby '' , romy . the nickname my parent use for my brother . explain that . romy look away . the truth be , this happening frighten she and she 's loathe to seriously consider the implication . casey ( cont 'd ) you be the superstitious one . tell I there 's not something really go on here . because you know there be . I be not crazy , romy -- casey 's eye start to well up as the stress and worry of the last few day begin to overtake she . casey ( cont 'd ) -- but ever since the night matty freak out , I feel like something 's change . I have be -- ( scared to admit this ) -- see thing . romy what kind of thing ? 33. casey the boy from the photo . other thing -- ( beat ) do you believe in ghost ? romy you know I do . casey do you think it 's possible to be haunt by someone who be never even bear ? the sound of a doorbell pre-lap from the next scene as -- int . bell home - entry way - night -- casey open she front door . Mark be stand outside , hold a old Super 8 bolex film projector in he arm . MARK you owe I . this thing be hard to find nowadays . int . bell home - basement - night casey sit with Mark as he set up the projector before a blank basement wall . MARK okay , give I the film -- casey hand Mark the Super 8 reel she find with the article and photo . he fasten it to the forward film arm , then feed the lead end of the film into the upper sprocket shoe . MARK ( cont 'd ) alright . you sure you want to see what 's on this ? ( off casey 's nod ) hit the light , then . as casey kill the light , Mark turn on the projector lamp . super 8 film footage lot of film scratch . the footage be handheld . we be look at the exterior of a collection of old , institutional building . a hospital , perhaps . built nearly a hundred year ago . then the footage flare and the image jump to -- 34 . a corridor within the aforementioned hospital . Long , with window lining either side that presumably look in on room flanking the corridor . the footage flare again and we jump to -- a wooden door at the end of the corridor . Wide and heavy - look , with a large , tarnish brass knob . there be something ominous about this door . casey and Mark find themselves tensing up as they watch . back to the film for a great many second , nothing happen . then , slowly , we_ notice the doorknob turn ( as if someone be open it from the other side ) . then the film flare and the reel end . nothing but the harsh glare of the projector lamp now . Mark turn off the projector . he and casey sit for a beat , try to make sense of what they have just see . MARK ( cont 'd ) do it mean anything to you ? casey slowly nod . casey that be the psychiatric hospital where my Mom die -- ( shake ) that door -- that 's where the staff find she . that 's where she hang herself . int . ST . andrew be - night casey and Mark be tuck in the corner of a crowded nightclub house in the basement of a old performance hall , try to deaden they jangle nerve in alcohol . casey I feel like my Mom leave all that stuff for a reason . like she be try to tell I something . she stop herself , suddenly concerned by Mark 's expression . casey ( cont 'd ) you think I be nut , do not you ? 35 . MARK no . casey come on , Mark . I have think I be nut if I hear all this . I mean , my Mom go crazy . what if that 's hereditary too ? MARK you be not crazy . casey but I be see thing . just then , romy and Lisa sheridan swoop in alongside of they . romy hey , kid . be we drunk yet ? MARK try . ( set he empty aside ) I be go to hit the bar for a be - fill . you guy want anything ? romy Red bull and vodka . lisa I , too . casey shake she head . Mark give she a peck on the cheek and wade off into the crowd . romy how come I can not find a guy like that ? lisa Cause you be too neurotic . it 's like a perfume . guy smell it on you . and besides , you only go for the freak . elsewhere in the club , a dj take the stage and the music take a darker , more aggressive turn . the house light follow suit , dimming , become more stroboscopic . casey blink , feel woozy . as she friend continue , they word become mute , the music progressively take over . 36 . romy but I want a normal guy . lisa please . I fix you up with Craig fikse and you totally blow he off . you would not even talk to he . casey' Pov - the crowded dance floor her vision be warping again , become febrile . face melt and stretch , as if in a Francis Bacon painting . romy I can not help it . I be shy . I get nervous . casey sway . she rub she eye , try to clear they . lisa so maybe you be gay . romy I be not gay . lisa you make out with Wendy rockwood . casey' Pov - the dance floor we glimpse dead - eye barto between the writhe body . romy it be a dare ! we be both totally high ! Lisa just shrug , give she a '' I be just say '' gesture . romy ( cont 'd ) I could never go down on another woman anyway . casey back up , stumbling . romy grab she arm to steady she . romy ( cont 'd ) case , you okay ? casey sorry , I be just feel sick -- casey push away from they , plunging into the crowd . 37 . int . ST . andrew's —- bathroom - night casey rush into the unoccupy bathroom -- it 's old , with crack tiling and water - damage , graffiti-strewn wall , a gas radiator encrust with paint . buz overhead light . casey turn on the tap , splash water over she face . she grab some paper towel . then she inspect herself in the mirror . her afflict iris be almost completely blue now . casey vision warp . she 's grip by nausea and head for -- the nearest stall casey kneel over the toilet , heaving up the content of she stomach . the place be disgusting , but she do not have the wherewithal to care . casey finish and flush the toilet . slump back against the stall , try to calm she spin head . as she stomach settles down , she focus on some graffiti in the stall : '' in the kingdom of the blind , the one - eyed man be king '' . there 's a patch where the paint have bubble and flake away and a rust-hole have wear through the metal panel . someone have draw a eye around the rust-hole , with the iris place where the negative space would be . push in on the rust -hole eye we hear noise come from the neighbor stall . mumbling , moaning . then a fluttering , like a bird trap in a box . casey look down at the gap between the bottom of the stall panel and the floor , sees the shadow of someone move there . she look back to the graffiti eye , the rust-hole . something poke through and wriggle about -- the tip of a tongue . casey stiffen . then we hear the toilet flush -- but the water start gurgling , like the toilet be go to overflow . a puddle of cloudy water seep towards casey , with tendril of blood swirl about it . squirming potato bug be awash in the widen puddle . casey bolt from she stall , flatten herself against the bathroom wall . in second the back - flow have increase to the extent that she will not be able to exit without crossing though the expand puddle . 38 . the light above she briefly flicker out , plunging the bathroom into darkness . then they flicker back on -- the back - flow keep come . more potato bug be spilling out from under the stall now . hundred of they , leg squirming as they grope frenetically about . casey gag and the light flicker out again . have no other choice , casey cross through the bug , which make sicken crunching and popping sound as they be crush under foot . she reach the door and turn the handle . it 's stick . she try it again , more desperate . it 's still stick . casey lose it , start frantically tug on the door knob . start pounding on the door . casey help ! help I !! somebody help I please !!! the bathroom light flicker . the tide of bug and water and blood keep come . the creature be everywhere , crawl up the wall , casey 's leg . and now the stall in question begin to open as well , the metal door slowly creaking outward -- a figure be rise up and out from the stall . half -glimpse in the stroboscopic light . human-like , but not human . cover from head to toe in the squirming bug . casey scream as the light suddenly come back on and -- the bathroom door burst OPEN ! Mark , romy , and Lisa be all stand there , concerned . MARK case --? casey gasp , look around -- the bathroom be as it be before . no bug . no blood . no nightmarish figure . ext . bell home - night Mark 's suv pull up to the curb . casey climb from the passenger seat , then turn back to Mark , who now lean across the cab and lower the window . 39 . MARK what do you see back there ? casey nothing . I just have too much to drink . Mark nod , but he do not look too convinced . MARK you be scare I , case . casey I know . ( try to lighten thing ) you can send I back , if you want . I be sure the warranty 's still good . MARK but I like damage goods . casey smile at this . Mark stare at she , not really know how to end the conversation . casey glance at she watch . casey hey . four stick . MARK make a wish . Mark smile back at she . then he put he car in drive and head off into the night . int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - night casey be get ready for bed . her laptop chime . she move over to it . there 's a invitation to a video ichat from romy69 : '' you alive ? '' casey accept . a view of romy in she bedroom appear . casey I be okay . just a little wigge . ( beat ) I see he . romy ghost boy ? casey nod . 40 . romy ( cont 'd ) you should put a pair of scissors under you pillow , with the point open . casey why ? romy that 's what my grandmother use to do . it keep evil spirit away . casey smile at this . casey you be a freak , romy . romy be not that why you love I ? casey good night . casey end the ichat . after a moment 's consideration , she pull open she desk drawer and find a pair of scissors . she open they , place they beneath she pillow . fade out . int . bell home - casey 's bathroom - later fade in as casey stir awake , unsure of what rouse she . then she look '' upward '' and she eye widen with alarm . the camera rotate now , pulling back to reveal -- -- that casey be stretch out on she bedroom ceiling . she 's defy gravity , pin there like a balloon fill with helium . '' upward '' be actually downward . and below casey be --* -- herself , asleep in bed . * back to the ceiling as the '' awake '' casey panic . she try to get down , but * whatever force be keep she there be hold she fast . her effort be slow , as if she be struggle beneath ton of water . then casey notice -- -- movement beneath the cover drape over she sleep self . a child hand emerge from beneath the blanket . slowly , the hand pull the blanket down , revealing that -- 41 . barto , the boy from the nightmare , curl up next to sleep casey . he slide he hand over she nightie , expose she belly . then he dig he fingernails into sleep casey 's abdomen , tear into she flesh . blood swell up -- on the ceiling , awake casey scream , but we hear no sound . barto keep digging , sink he entire hand into sleep casey 's abdomen . then he drop he head , shove it down into the widen wound . almost as if he be try to force himself into casey 's womb . awake casey keep scream and scream and -- int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - later still we hear a cellphone on vibrate . casey wake up , disorient , realize that she be dream . nevertheless , she convulsively throw off she bedclothes , check to make sure that the nightmare boy be nowhere in sight . he 's not . relieved , casey turn she attention to she cellphone on the dresser , the call- indicator light be blinking . casey rise , check the number on the phone display . she debate whether or not to answer it . finally : casey hello ? sofi ‘s voice I need to speak with you . can you come to the retirement home ? casey sofi ? sofi ‘s voice I be sorry for what happen before . the photo give I such a shock . I be not ready to face this again . but there be thing you need to know . you_must come . casey look to the clock -- casey it 's after midnight . 42 . sofi 's voice it do not matter . this can not * wait . I lie about know you * mother . she do come to see I . * just before she die -- * then something click for casey as she realize : * casey * you be the one she tell I about . * you be my grandmother . * sofi ‘s voice * yes . please come . a door have be * open . and now you life be in * danger . * int . bell home - upper hallway - night casey , fully dress now , creep down the hall , pause at the partially open door of she father 's bedroom to peer inside . her father be sound asleep . casey continue on . ext . rural highway - night a bird 's eye view look down at casey 's car as it wind along the lonely road . isolate . the only car in sight . int . eldon estate - lounge / nurse station - night casey make she way through the empty lounge . with the exception of the nurse 's station , all be dark . int . eldon estate - third floor corridor - night a moonlit corridor . casey round a corner and be startle -- a crouching silhouette frame against a window . but then we realize that it 's just Mr. Walker . as before , he sit slump in he wheelchair , wrist bound to the armrest , eye vacant , head lolling . sofi ( prelap ) you must understand -- this be very difficult for I . but in order for * * it to make sense , I must start at the beginning . * 43 . int . eldon estate - dine room - night reveal casey and sofi , each nursing a cup of tea . they be in a large , high - ceiling room . Beyond the dining room window , tree limb rustle , casting skeletal shadow . sofi clutches the silver charm , compulsively rub it as if it be a string of worry bead . as before , casey hold the photograph of she mother . sofi nod to it . sofi the boy in the reflection -- this be the twin brother I speak of . barto . you great-uncle . he die in 1944 . when we be together in auschwitz . sofi pause , dread what she 's about to relate next . sofi ( cont 'd ) my family be deport from hungary . the journey take a week by cattle car . when the train arrive at auschwitz there be a ramp lead down to where the guard would sort the new arrival . as sofi continue , we begin to hear the distorted shout and sound of that terrible experience . and then we be -- ext . auschwitz - birkenau - the ramp - night ( flashback ) -- back in the past . chaos. slow-motion . crowd of jews be herde from cattle car . the hellish glow from the crematoria smokestack permeate the soot- shroud gloom . amidst the milling body we find sofi ( 9 ) and she twin brother barto ( 9 ) , hand in hand . barto look just as he do in casey 's nightmare , wear a single red glove . the only difference be that he eye be brown . int . eldon estate - dine room - night sofi briefly close she eye , try to wall herself off from pain this memory evoke . she continue : sofi I remember hearing the guard shout '' Zwillinge ! twin ! ( more ) 44 , sofi ( cont 'd ) we want twin ! '' my parent do not know if this be good or bad , to be a twin . my mother ask a guard , and he say it be good . and so barto and I be separate from the other . ext . auschwitz - birkenau - the ramp - night ( flashback ) Young sofi and barto be lead by a guard towards a tall , impeccably dress ss officer hold a riding crop -- joseph mengele ( 30 ) . upon see the twin , mengele smile . sofi ‘s voice we be take to see the doctor in charge -- Joseph mengele . he be very handsome . very polite . he give we candy . I look back at my mother . she nodd . we think we would be rescue . mengele lead the twin by the hand , off through the crowd . sofi ’'s voice ( cont ’d ) but I soon learn otherwise . int . eldon estate - dine room - night back to sofi and casey . sofi the twin be house in separate barrack . because we be ' valuable 's , we be give more food . we be special . ( with disdain ) uncle mengele 's child . int . auschwitz - birkenau - twins barracks - night ( flashback ) now we see the child -- twin of all age , arrange alongside they counterpart , stare back at we from they bunk with sink eye and shattered spirit . sofi ‘s voice mengele believe that twin hold the key to the mystery of genetics . and so he conduct experiment on we . horrible experiment . 45 . int . auschwitz - birkenau - medical lab - night ( flashback ) a series of nightmarish image , intersperse with darkness . * we see mengele in a lab coat , assist by other technician . * darkness . we see young sofi and barto as they be force to strip and stand naked before they tormentor . both look frail and malnourish . sofi hug herself . darkness . sofi ‘s voice every day would bring some new horror . we see various twin on examination table , side by side , every detail of they anatomy be examine and measure . sofi and barto be among this . darkness . we see twin have blood draw . be irradiate . darkness . * sofi 's voice ( cont ’d ) among the doctor 's obsession be eye color . by trial and error he attempt to fabricate blue eye from brown . we see mengele inject various blue chemical and dy directly into the eye of he young test subject . darkness . sofi ’'s voice ( cont ’d ) the injection be painful . some cause blindness . later , we see the same subject , have now go blind from the injection . among this be barto , who now stare back at_us with strangely cloud blue eye . darkness . sofi 's voice ( cont ’d ) some cause death . later still , the dead be neatly arrange under autopsy light , ready for dissection . barto be there . darkness . sofi 's voice ( cont ’d ) barto be one of the subject that * die . * a doctor draw a sheet over barto 's face . darkness . sofi 's voice ( cont ’d ) two day later , he come back . 46 . slowly , barto sit up , the sheet slip from he face . the boy stare straight ahead , emotionless . his eye be now preternaturally blue . darkness . int . eldon estate - dine room - night sofi grow silent , study the spiderweb of shadow be cast from the skeletal tree outside the window . sofi except that it be not really barto . a doorway have be open . something else be now inhabit he body . casey something else ? sofi there be a belief amongst my people that we soul wander when we sleep . that be why we always say a prayer upon waken . we give thanks to God for reunite we soul with we body . and for make sure that nothing unwelcome have take up residence during we absence . casey can not help but flash upon she recent dream -- watch herself sleep . casey like what ? sofi have you ever hear of a dybbuk ? casey shake she hear . sofi ( cont 'd ) it 's the soul of a dead person that have be bar from enter heaven . a soul so taint that it have be deny even reincarnation . so it endlessly wander the borderland between the world , try to find a new body . sofi take a sip of she tea , pace herself . 47 . sofi ( cont 'd ) in certain place , where great evil have take place , the border between the other world and ours become weaken . I believe auschwitz be such a place . ( beat ) but in other case , the border within people can become weaken as well . sofi 's word strike a chord within casey . casey '' some people be doorway . '' sofi ( nodd ) especially twin . for what be a twin but another kind of mirror ? and mirror have always be doorway to the yenne vell . the other World . casey stare back at sofi , chill by what she 's hearing . casey what happen to you brother ? sofi look down at the Hand of Miriam amulet she clasp . sofi from the moment he come back , I know it be not barto . a dybbuk have cross over and take he place . int . auschwitz - birkenau - twins barracks - night ( flashback ) the barto dybbuk stand rigid in the corner of the barrack . the other child keep clear of he , frighten . sofi ‘s voice the other child know it as well . it be he manner , he eye . everything about he be wrong . barto face the window , stare out at the crematorium . 48 . outside the window we see barto 's pale face frame in the glass , superimpose by the reflection of the red sky and flame - belching smokestack , the pile of body wait to be cremate . darkness . int . eldon estate - dine room - night sofi suppress a shudder at the memory . sofi the child kill he . and in this way , the dybbuk be drive back to the borderland . it 's be try to find its way out ever since . casey why do not you tell I this earlier ? sofi I be too frighten . for sixty - five year I have live in fear . dread the day I would look upon that eye again -- she shut she own eye , staunch a onslaught of tear . then she open they again , indicate casey 's blue eye . sofi ( cont 'd ) -- but when I see you yesterday , I know the creature have return . sofi reach for casey 's hand now , she eye beseech . as if she be seek some kind of forgiveness . sofi ( cont 'd ) we family be curse , casey . that 's why I give you mother up for adoption . I hope the dybbuk would not find she . but it do . casey react with shock to this admission . sofi ( cont 'd ) and so she seek I out . she take a breath , she voice beginning to quaver . * +e * hf * 49 . sofi ( cont 'd ) this thing , this entity -- it have try to take hold of you brother . and when it could not have he , it turn its gaze to the other child . casey ( realize ) me. sofi you mother 's suicide . she try to trap the dybbuk in herself , rather than let it take over you . casey but it 's still come , be not it ? sofi you take its place . by live , you deny it entry into we world . casey but I be not even bear yet . how it can it blame I for that ? sofi you cannot ascribe human motivation to it , Ms. Bell . you could no more reason with it than you could with a shark . ora stone . it be kiviild116 , a outsider . not of this universe . casey why now ? why do not this start happen before ? sofi it take time to find its way back from the other side . decade . and when it arrive here , it 's weak . casey do not want to believe what she 's hearing . sofi ( cont 'd ) it enter we world in stage . test . make foray . like a moth beat against glass , try to reach the light . perhaps you have witness such a attempt ? + fh hf + eh % + eh * 50 . memory flash matty neilson lean over the crib with the mirror . sofi ( cont 'd ) always , it inhabit the helpless creature first , from insect to animal , slowly work its way up the ladder of life - form . feed off they . gain strength . memory flash casey crack open the egg , the potato bug squirming within . memory flash casey be drive home from the eye doctor 's by Mark , seeing the bull terrier trot alongside the road . sofi ( cont 'd ) but a live , breathe adult twin be what it most desire . and when it find such a twin , it cleave to they , attempt to permanently house itself within they form . casey and the twin ? what happen to they ? sofi they cease to exist . they become dybbuk , just like barto do . they soul be cast into the borderland and the cycle begin anew . casey how do I stop it ? sofi it 's already start , my dear . you eye be a clear indication of its presence . casey but there must be something I can do . sofi place the Hand of Miriam in casey 's palm . + eh 51. sofi take this . it 's call a Hand of Miriam . it protect against the evil Eye . it be a small thing , but -- casey what ? sofi stay away from mirror . a memory flash casey 's previous visit with sofi -- take note of the blank area on the wallpaper where she mirror use to be . sofi ( cont 'd ) if you have any in you home , you must destroy they . int . bell home - various - dusk as sofi speak , we see casey perform the task as dictate , use a crowbar to smash every mirror she can find : -- the medicine cabinet mirror in she father 's bathroom . -- the stand mirror in he bedroom . -- the mirror above the livingroom mantle . we see she sweeping the shattered fragment into a dustpan . int . eldon estate - dine room - night back to sofi and casey . sofi burn the piece of break mirror . int . bell home - live room - dusk now casey be crouching before the fireplace , dump mirror fragment into the already powerfully burn blaze . the mirror fragment blacken , begin to melt . int . eldon estate - dine room - night back to sofi and casey . 52 . sofi bury what remain . ext . bell home - back yard - dusk casey dump a dustpan of char mirror remain into a hole she have dig . she follow that with another . and another . casey pile earth atop the fragment , use the back of a shovel to finally tamp the earth down . int . eldon estate - dine room - night back to sofi and casey . sofi there be sign that may betray its presence . bell , wind chime , this be sign that the spirit be near . a memory flash casey on she previous visit with sofi , take note of the tiny bell hang from red string by the window of she room . another memory flash casey walk home from she run , the neighbor 's wind chime . int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - dusk casey affix bell and red string above she window . int . eldon estate - dine room back to sofi and casey as we hear the wind sighing , the steady creaking of the tree limb . sofi you must be vigilant , Ms. Bell . it will seek to isolate you , to weaken you resolve . to tap into you fear . it will gnaw away at you strength until you can no longer resist . for a worm can only penetrate into fruit that have already begin to rot . 53 . casey can it be kill ? sofi you mother ask the same question . sofi look away from casey , fill with fear and remorse . sofi ( cont 'd ) I tell she about the sefer ha - marot , the Book of mirror , which include the rite of exorcism . ( beat ) I tell she that in order to destroy the dybbuk for good , she would have to cross over . through a doorway . casey to where ? sofi look back at casey now , point . sofi to the yenne vell . the other side . CUT to : int . bell home - basement - dusk close on finger thread Super - 8 film into a bolex projector . reveal casey as she turn on the projector lamp . on the film footage once again , we see the hospital , the corridor , the door -- solid and unyield . exuding menace . casey stare intently at the unfold image , desperate to divine more clue . back to the film footage as before , nothing happen for a great many second . then , ever so slowly , we notice the doorknob slowly turn . at this point , the image flare briefly and casey shift , fully expect the film to reel itself out -- -- but the film continue . past where it have previously end . casey tense , she mind reeling -- 54 . film footage the door begin to swing open . in the slowly expand gap beyond we see only darkness . then briefly , though it 's difficult to make out , we get a quick glimpse of a child hand slip out from the open ! CUT to : ext . bell home - dusk a mini-cooper cruise down the street . romy be at the wheel , listen to the radio . int . romy 's cooper - dusk through the windshield , we see casey 's house . but then she sense movement in she peripheral vision and see -- matty , the neilson boy , racing down they driveway on he plastic Big wheel . right into the path of romy 's car ! romy gasp , stomping on the brake . immediately , she unbuckle she seatbelt and bolt from the car . ext . bell home - dusk romy rush around the front of the car , terrify by what she will discover -- romy ohmygodareyoualright ?!!! -- but matty appear unharme , the front bumper of the Cooper a mere inch from he body . he look up at romy , intense . romy kneel in front of the boy , still quite shake . romy ( cont 'd ) sweetie , what be you do ? I could have kill you . matty continue to stare at she . creepy . then : matty he do not want you to help she . 55 . romy what --? matty if you try to help she , he ’1ll kill you . romy rear back as if she have be slap . romy fuck off , you little shit ! she stand , get back in she Cooper . then she back away from matty , veer around he and into the Bell 's driveway . moment later , she 's stand at the Bell 's front door , knocking . she look back over she shoulder -- matty be still watch she . after a eternity , the front door open . casey stand there in the darken foyer , look strung out , wary . romy ( cont 'd ) can I come in ? casey nod and step aside . int . bell home - entry way / livingroom - dusk as soon as romy enter , casey lock the front door again , dead -bolt it . romy motion back towards the outside . romy I run into damien from across the street . there 's something seriously wrong with that kid . casey nod , distract , she face partially hide in shadow . she 's get the Hand of Miriam in she palm and she 's compulsively run she finger over it . romy take note of it , as well as casey 's bedraggle appearance . then , as casey shift a bit more into the light , romy sees -- casey' eye both irise be completely blue now . romy ( cont 'd ) you eye -- 56 . casey I know . romy what 's go on , case ? you have not * be in class . you have not be * answer you phone -- * casey wander into the livingroom . romy follow . it 's dark in here as well . casey have pull all the curtain . romy notice that the mirror above the mantle have be break . romy ( cont 'd ) * what happen to the mirror ? casey I break it . romy why ? in the background , we hear the garage door OPEN . casey because sofi tell I to . ( make eye contact now ) it 's real , romy . everything that 's be happen . it 's real . it 's some kind of ghost or -- ( struggle to define it ) -- or demon or something . it try * to take over my brother . that 's * why my mother go crazy . she know it would not stop there . she know it would eventually come for I -- casey thrust the heel of she palm against she eye , as if she could pressure they back to normalcy . casey ( cont 'd ) you need to stay away from I . it 's not safe to be around I anymore . romy I be you best friend . I be not just go to abandon you . in the nearby foyer we hear approaching footstep . gordon ( 0.s . ) case ? what happen in the powder room ? the mirror 's break -- 57 . reveal Gordon enter the livingroom . he take in romy , casey -- the mantle where the mirror use to hang . gordon ( cont 'd ) what 's go on here ? romy put she hand on casey 's shoulder , squeeze it . romy I 'il call you . romy exit , leave casey to explain thing to she father . gordon what the hell be that ? do you guy have a fight or something ? casey sigh , know there 's no good way to explain it . the gulf between they be madden . casey I can not really get into it right now . gordon well you be go to have to try . casey dad , can you please just give I some space here ? I know what this look like . I know you think I have flip . but I have not . I just need some time to figure this out . casey move to leave . Gordon follow she into the foyer . gordon figure what out , case ? come on , you can not just shut I out like this . whatever 's go on , we need to get a handle on this . casey spin , point to she eye . casey look at my eye , dad . do you really think this be something you can handle ? it kill Mom , okay ? and now it 's come for I . Gordon stare at casey , scared , confuse . + eh 58. gordon casey , I do not under -- casey I know you do not , dad . so do not even try . you can not fix this . nobody can . casey storm away , stomping up the stair . int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - night casey rush into she room , slamming the door . she drop onto she bed , bury she face in she hand . a gentle rap be hear at she door . casey go _ away , dad . we hear the rap again . casey look up , annoyed now . in the thin space between the bottom of she door and the floor we can just make out a shadow of someone stand there . casey rise , walk to she door . she fling it open -- casey ( cont ’d ) I say , go away !!! -- but no one be stand in the hallway outside . beat . then we hear the tinkling of bell . casey slowly turn towards the window , regard the bell strung there . with mount dread , casey search she room . she focus on she bed . or rather , the darken area beneath it . casey kneel , pull she dust ruffle up -- nothing be there . casey stand , look to she closet . she open it , turn on the light . nothing . casey return to the window where the bell be strung . she unlock it , raise the lower sash , poke she head outside . casey' Pov - the back yard the tree be sway in the wind . and there , tuck amongst the pool shadow of the far corner of the yard be -- the bull terrier , stare up at she . and then it 's -- 59 . barto , he pale face illuminate in the moonlight . he 's there for just a heartbeat , then he 's go , recede into the darkness . back to casey , frame by she bedroom window . we pull away from she and the safety of the house . back into the wood and darkness . CUT to : int . eldon estate - sofi 's room - night sofi wake with a start . she hold a hand over she heart , silencing she nerve as she whisper a oft-recite prayer . sofi I be thankful to you , eternal King , who have mercifully return my soul within I ; you faithfulness be great . amen . sofi take a beat . what be it that waken she ? then she hear it -- the tinkling of bell . she look to the window , sees the tiny bell sway on they red thread . sofi reach to she bedside lamp , but it will not turn on . she find the nearby call button , depress it once , twice . but no voice respond from the speaker inset in the wall . sofi rise , pull a wrap over she nightgown . she find a flashlight , she cane , then she venture out into the hall . int . eldon estate - third floor corridor - night the corridor be dark , empty . even the red exit sign be not on . sofi work she way to a light switch , try it . but like everything else , it too appear to be not work . sofi hear a creaking noise behind she . she look back , sees nothing . she head for the stairwell and sees a human shape crouching in the stairwell , but it 's just -- eli WALKER , slouch in he wheelchair . eye vacant , a rope of spittle hang from he chin . sofi descend , rest she hand lightly on eli Walker 's head . 60 . sofi do they forget to put you to bed , eli ? do not worry . just wait here . in 1l alert the nursing staff . sofi descend to the next landing , try the light switch there . but again , it appear to be inoperative . just as sofi be about to continue onward , we hear a thud from the landing above . she shine she flashlight upward -- sofi ( cont 'd ) eli --? eli 's wheelchair be empty , have turn over on its side , its uppermost wheel slowly rotate . puzzle , sofi direct the flashlight all around she -- but eli be nowhere to be find . then , sense a presence behind she , she look back down the stair she just ascend -- eli WALKER be there , drag the rest of he break body up the stair ! his eye be heterochromic , one brown iris and one blue . sofi restrain a scream . and then something worse happen . eli 's wizen head begin to turn . and turn . and turn . we_ hear he neck vertebra cracking until he head be now nightmarishly upside - down ! his mouth , where he eye should be , be twisted into a rictus , make a horrible rasping . on top of this , a strange kind of mobile bulge , about the size of a walnut -- shift beneath Walker 's flesh . it work its way across he chest and up he neck , briefly cause he throat to balloon outward . then it travel upward into he invert head , through he nasal cavity , cause he forehead to protrude . the rasp , click SOUND seem to follow the progress of the bulge -- as if the spirit possess Walker be actually localize within that tumour- like area . Walker 's body move unnaturally in herky - jerky lurch , he nervous system have be somehow rewire in a completely inhuman way . he claw at sofi 's robe with a skeletal hand . sofi tear herself free , retreate up to the third floor . int . eldon estate - third floor corridor - night sofi hobble down the corridor as quickly as she can . she pause mid-way , look back -- * + eh 61. sofi 's Pov the stairwell . we hear Walker 's shambling body first , accompany by the hiccupe click and spittle - rattle of he inhuman vocalization . then Walker himself appear -- only he 's now move in a completely unnatural way , no longer simply drag he lower body along , but partially employ it in a crab-like crawl . he be double - up , a bony leg contort and hook over he head , so that he face and one arm scrape along the floor . terrify , sofi continue onward , head for the opposite end of the corridor where a emergency stairway be locate . she reach the door , press the push - bar which should sound a fire alarm , but no noise issue forth . even worse , the door itself seem to be stick . she can not force it open ! sofi look back the way she come -- the Walker - thing keep come , close the gap between they ! sofi sob , repeatedly try to force the push -bar . and just when we think she be completely trap , the door open -- int . eldon estate - emergency exit stairwell - night -- spilling she into the narrow stairwell . she tumble down the flight of stair . in the fall she drop she flashlight , which continue bounce down to the second floor landing . sofi clutches at she ankle , which have be painfully twisted . worse , she manage to drop she cane . it 's back up near the top of the stair . near the dybbuk . we hear a shudder as it reach the door , then hammer itself repeatedly against it . in agony , sofi crawl across the floor , look down at she flashlight . the beam be still on , illuminate a trapezoidal section of the lower landing . sofi grasp the handrail for support and haul herself up , hobbling down the stair step by excruciate step , try to shut out the horrible hammering sound from above . after a harrowing stretch of second , she make it to the second floor landing . but she 's exhaust now . she pick up the flashlight . the beam illuminate a storage closet . sofi make for it , praying that the closet door be unlock . it be . she open the door , try to keep the creaking of the hinge down to a minimum . 62. wham ! the door above fly open . the dybbuk be in the stairwell now ! int . eldon estate - storage closet - night sofi shut the closet door , tucking herself down amongst the clean supplies . she clasp the flashlight to she chest , clamping she hand over the lens so that just the tiniest amount of light leakage be now illuminate she face . outside , we hear the dybbuk approach . then the sound stop . be it go ? or be it wait just beyond the closet door ? sofi hold she breath -- and in the absence , we hear someone else breathing now . Close , inch away . sofi glance leave -- -- barto be just behind she , perch over she shoulder ! sofi scream . the closet door be wrench open . the Walker dybbuk be stand there , sway on skeletal leg . its mouth stretch open in a howl , wider than any human mouth should be able to open . then it lunge at sofi. int . eldon estate - emergency stairwell / corridor - night we pull away from the closet , back up the stair . into the empty corridor as sofi 's scream echo out over deaf ear . CUT to : gordon ( prelap ) casey ? int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - day casey stir awake . she 's on she bed , still fully - clothed . she look down -- in she open palm be the Hand of Miriam . gordon ( 0.s. ) casey . casey look , see she father stand in the doorway , hold a cordless phone . gordon ( cont 'd ) there 's a woman on the phone . she say something happen to a friend of yours name sofi --? % + eh 63. ext . eldon estate retirement residence - day casey pull she car into the visitor lot , exit . as she head towards the main entrance of the residence , she slow -- a ambulance be park outside the main entry way . two police cruiser and a CSI van be there as well . int . eldon estate - lounge casey enter . the lounge be crowded with resident and staff , who be be question by police . a few of the people be cry . a sink feel settles over casey . int . eldon estate - third floor corridor - day casey exit the elevator into a similarly crowded corridor . at the corridor 's end , a full - blow crime scene have be set up , with a forensics team scour the area for evidence . then casey sees a uniformed policeman step out of sofi 's room with a evidence bag -- and casey know what 's happen . emotional free-fall . casey slowly turn back . at the end of the hall , near the stairwell , she sees -- eli WALKER once again , he 's in he wheelchair , wrist velcroed to he armrest . but as casey study he he slowly lift he head , make direct eye contact with she . his eye be a bright , unnaturally blue color . and there be awareness in that eye . then that sub -dermal bulge briefly pulse into view , protrude he voice box outward . he bare he tooth at casey . ext . eldon estate retirement residence - day as casey head back to she car in a daze : woman ( 0.s. ) Ms. Bell ? casey look up and sees the elderly woman who have rush to sofi 's aid . call she Evelyn . she sit on a nearby bench beneath a tree . she make she way over . in she hand be a envelope , which she now extend towards casey . 64 . evelyn it 's Evelyn . I be the one who call ? sofi want you to have this . in case something happen . casey take the envelope . casey thank -you . Evelyn nod and continue on she way . after a moment , casey open the envelope , take out a handwritten letter . as casey read it , we hear sofi 's voice narrate : sofi ‘s voice casey . if you be read this , then I be already dead . but you need not mourn for I . in the Book of proverbs it say : '' better the day of one 's death than the day of he birth . " we say this because when a person be bear , no one know what will become of he , which path he life will take . but when a person die , he path be certain . he be go home , like a ship return to its harbor . ( beat ) I be teach that when we be in the womb , we mind span the universe and we receive all the wisdom God have to offer . but at birth , a angel slap we on the face and we forget all that we have learn . life , then , be the journey to regain that knowledge . I have live a great long while . and learn many thing . so now my journey be complete . ( beat ) but yours be just beginning . it have fall upon you to finish what begin in auschwitz . you mother try to close the doorway , but it be still ajar and I fear the gap be steadily widen . you must find the Book of mirror . you must end this . you grandmother , sofi . CUT to : * 65 . int . library research area - night casey sit at a study carrel , research dybbuk via a computer terminal and a stack of reference book . as she make note on a pad , we glimpse various phrase and image she 's sifting through , hearing the word in she own voice : -- 15th century woodcut of rabbis drive spirit out from people . -- translation of classic Hebrew liturgical formulas . casey ( read ) '' I adjure you by the seal which Solomon place on the tongue of jeremiah " . -- depiction of kabbalistic amulet like the hand of miriam . casey ( cont 'd ) '' at the hour when the world require mercy -- " -- account of exorcism , snippet of phrase -- casey ( cont 'd ) '' -- bind they to the soul of the dead -- '' " faster and faster the image come , beginning to blur even as casey 's whisper voice overlap itself . suddenly , we pause on one particularly horrific medieval image of a demon 's hand reach out from a victim 's distend mouth . casey slam the book in question shut . on the computer screen we see a search result page for the sefer ha-marot / Book of mirror in the Library 's special collection online catalog . int . library - rare book reading room - night deathly quiet . sparsely populate by a few ardent researcher . a librarian set a box before casey , place a pair of document glove alongside the box . the librarian lift the cover from the box , revealing a leather - bound 17th century manuscript house in a protective foam and cardboard cradle . 66 . librarian please exercise care when handle the manuscript . do not remove it from its cradle , do not touch it with you bare hand . to turn a page , just lift the top outermost corner and slip you fingertip down the fore -edge , alright ? casey nod . librarian ( cont 'd ) no pen or high - lighter be allow . if you need to take note , use the pencil and notepad we have provide . casey thank -you . as the librarian exit , casey study the book . the leather be ancient , emboss with gilt -stampe hebraic script . she slip on the glove and carefully open the cover . the page be write in arcane Hebrew , with parallel Spanish text present in a double - column format . casey close the manuscript . clearly , the content be of no immediate use to she . she look over to -- -- a guard man a desk by the read room entrance , which be in turn secure by a walk - through metal detector . casey rise , leave the manuscript on the table . int . library —- hallway - night casey exit the read room . nearby be a emergency exit with a push - bar alarm . casey wait for the hallway to clear of people , then shove the bar , trigger the alarm . then she step back beside the door lead to the read room . moment later , the Guard step out ( casey have be block from he view by the outward open door ) . as the Guard investigate , casey slip back into the read room . int . library - rare book reading room - night casey return to she previous workspace . once again , she check to see if anyone be watch she . but the other researcher be engross in they work . she lift the book from its protective cradle . 67 . then she brazenly approach the walk - through metal detector , pass the book from hand to hand around the outside of it . int . library - MAIN entrance - night as casey head down the stair towards the main door , she slip the book within she coat . then she hear : shield ( 0.s. ) casey ! casey turn , sees Mr. shield , she professor , wave from the landing above . he descend , carry a armful of book . shield ( cont 'd ) I see you upstairs . I be try to get you attention . casey sorry . I ’ma little out of it . shield glance around , as if look for someone . shield be that you brother I see ? casey brother ? shield the little boy you be walk with . casey I be not with anyone . shield he be right beside you . he raise he hand to about chest height . shield ( cont 'd ) about this high , blond hair , blue eye -- casey stiffen , realize who shield be describe . she look around , do not see barto in view . then she spot -- the guard from the read room , on the landing above . he 's scan the entry way , clearly look for casey . * 68 . casey sorry , but I have to go . but even as casey turn to exit down the last flight of step to the outer door , the Guard spot she . guard hey !!! casey run , knocking another patron aside as she exit . ext . beth emeth reform temple - day a modern building surround by tree . at one end be a fence - in playground , fill with preschoolers . reveal casey outside the playground , clutching she backpack . int . beth emeth temple - hallway - day casey make she way down a hall decorate with child 's art . we hear child singing , accompany by a music teacher who be play piano : '' sing a song about a rainbow '' . int . rabbi - sendak 's office - day a office cramme with book . rabbi sendak ( 5as ) , full bearded and avuncular , sit at he desk with a watch repair tool kit splay out before he . at the moment , he 's engross in a vintage Gruen , clean and oiling it via the aid of a jeweler 's loupe attach to he glass . in the distant background , we can still hear the child singing . they voice will continue throughout this scene . casey ( 0.s. ) rabbi sendak ? sendak look up from he desk , sees casey in he doorway . sendak yes ? casey my name be casey Bell . I , um -- I be wonder if you could maybe give I some advice --? she pause , nervous , unsure how to begin . sense she anxiety , sendak gesture for she to take a seat . * 69 . sendak please , have a seat . casey do so , she eye wander to the watch repair tool . sendak smile , set aside he glass and jeweler 's loupe . sendak ( cont 'd ) sorry , you catch I on break . ( be : tool ) it 's a hobby of mine , repair vintage watch . the mainspring on this curvex be kill I right now . ( beat ) so how can I help you ? casey reach into she backpack , pull out the steal copy of the Book of mirror . she set it on the desk before he . casey can you read this ? sendak take the book , respectful of its age . he crack open the leather cover , carefully leaf through the velum page . sendak well , the left-hand text be Hebrew , so yes , I can . it 's from the kabbalah . ( off she look ) jewish mysticism . where do you get this ? casey fret , know this will be difficult . casey look , I know this be go to sound crazy , believe I -- ( diving in ) but I need a exorcism perform . sendak raise he eyebrow at this . casey ( cont 'd ) I be be haunt by something . there be a person help I , a holocaust survivor -- she say the thing that be after I be a dybbuk . sendak take a beat . he certainly be not expect the conversation to take such a bizarre turn . * 70 . sendak May I ask you a question ? be you jewish , Ms. Bell ? casey shake she head . sendak ( cont 'd ) do you belong to any other particular faith ? casey I be raise Protestant , I guess . but it 's not like my family ever go to church or anything . sendak so why come to a rabbi ? casey because my friend be dead now . and I do not know where else to turn . sendak sigh , sit back . he try to phrase the follow as delicately as he can , for casey be clearly distress . sendak there 's no such thing as a dybbuk , Ms. Bell . at least not outside the realm of folklore . ( elaborate further ) you have to understand , back in the Middle Ages , thing like spirit and demon be really just a catch - all for condition people be not capable of properly diagnose . there be not any concept of ailment like schizophrenia or epilepsy . mental illness as we know it do not exist back then . casey ( defensive ) I be not mentally ill . what 's happen to I be real . sendak even assume it be , what you be ask be outside my realm of expertise . I have never perform a exorcism before . I do not even know anyone that have . 71 . casey ( gesture to the book ) but you could read the book . it would tell you what to do . sendak and then what ? for a religious * ceremony to be effective , the person ask for help have to actually believe in the spiritual * aid they be call upon . and you * do not believe . * sendak pause , pain by casey 's obvious distress . sendak ( cont 'd ) * look , maybe I could do a little research , make some call -- casey scribbles she phone number onto a piece of paper , slide it across the desk . casey here 's my phone number , then . she rise . sendak nod to the Book of mirror . sendak what about you book ? casey can you translate it ? * sendak hesitates . casey step closer , tear welling up in * she eye . casey ( cont 'd ) my life depend on this . you can think I be crazy , if you want . but if I do not find out what this word mean -- ( indicate the book ) -- I 'il die . and with that , casey leave he . ext . cemetary - day casey stand before she mother 's grave . then she kneel , hold onto the headstone for support . 72 . casey ( quietly ) I need help , Mom . I do not know what else to do . memory flash happier time . a young and vibrant Janet Bell play with casey ( 3 ) in a park , laugh , they life full of promise . memory flash the psychiatric hospital . casey at age eight , hold she father 's hand as they enter the room where Janet be reside . Janet sit by the window , wear a grimy hospital gown , dead inside . a far cry from the woman she use to be . back to the cemetery as casey exit . she ’1ll find no comfort here . ext . bell home - dusk as casey walk down the sidewalk , she slow . her father 's girlfriend , allison , be sit on the front porch . she look up as casey approach , she face puffy from cry . casey allison --? allison it 's you father , casey -- ( off casey 's confusion ) he 's at the hospital . CUT to : int . hospital - icu ward - night casey consult with a soft-spoken neurologist ( 5as ) . neurologist you father 's have what we call a ischemic stroke . a blood clot have form and block arterial access to part of he brain . casey will he be okay ? 73 . neurologist we will not know for a while . the good news be , we diagnose it fairly early . we have already get he on a tpa regimen , which be a clot-bust drug that should reduce the risk of another incident . but as far as any long - term effect go , we will just have to monitor he . casey can I see he ? neurologist ( nodd ) I need to prepare you , though . he 's suffer some paralysis . and he ability to speak be significantly impair . casey take a deep breath , steeling herself . int . hospital - gordon 's room - night casey enter . Gordon be awake , propped up in bed , hook up to a iv and a variety of monitoring lead . he look deflate , like a degrade xerox of the man he use to be . but upon see casey , he moan . casey move to he side , try to hold back she tear . casey hey , daddy . Gordon moan again , try to communicate something . casey ( cont 'd ) I know , I know -- they say you could not speak . just try to relax . Gordon manage to shake he head . he seem frustrated . he motion with he right hand , towards a bedside table . there 's a pad of paper there . a pen . casey ( cont 'd ) you want that ? Gordon nod . casey set the pad in Gordon 's lap , place the pen in he right hand . he start to write , employ every ounce of concentration -- but the script be garble . 74 . casey ( cont 'd ) daddy , I be sorry , I do not know what you be try to say -- tear of frustration slide down Gordon 's cheek . he try again even as casey attempt to decipher he message . Gordon finish . it look like : '' I saw he . '' casey ( cont 'd ) you see he ? Gordon nod , relieved he message come across . casey ( cont 'd ) who ? Gordon write again , underline two word : '' the boy '' . casey pale . her entire world be cave in . casey ( cont 'd ) where , daddy ? suddenly , Gordon 's eye widen with fear . he moan . a horrible sound , much more urgent than he previous vocalization . he frantically gesture with he good hand again , motion at something beyond casey . she turn -- barto be crouch outside the hospital room window , peer in at they . casey scream , even as barto dart from view -- -- but now Gordon seem to be go into some kind of cardiac arrest . his body thrashes , he mouth foam . the eeg and ekg begin beeping a warning . int . hospital - icu ward - night casey bolt from the room , shouting to the nurse 's station . casey help ! please ! my father --!!! a doctor and nurse come run , push past casey into Gordon 's room . casey linger in the doorway , a hand over she mouth , try to stem the rise tide of horror . as the staff work to stabilize Gordon , we hear sofi 's voice : 75 . sofi ‘s voice it will seek to isolate you . it will do everything it can to gnaw away you strength . for a worm can only penetrate into fruit after it have truly begin to rot . casey start to walk away , fast . then she begin to run . it 's all too much for she . she round a corner , nearly collide with -- MARK casey ! -- Mark , who quickly recover , reach for she . MARK ( cont 'd ) I just hear . be he okay ? casey be fully cry now , barely able to keep it together . casey I do not know -- MARK casey , what 's go on ? casey I can not explain . it will not make any sense -- casey try to extricate herself from he arm , but Mark stubbornly cling to she . MARK casey , just tell I . casey look up at Mark , in agony . casey i_ca not . I do not want it to come after you too . casey finally wrench herself free of Mark 's grasp . she back away , hold up she hand as if to fend off any further attempt by he to comfort she . casey ( cont 'd ) please . please , Mark . you can not be near I right now . casey back a few more pace down the hall , then turn and hurry away -- 76 . -- leave Mark feel baffle and utterly impotent . CUT to : int . rabbi - sendak 's office - night sendak work late . he have the Book of mirror before he , assort reference text at hand . he 's use a magnify lamp , run he finger over each line as he translate : sendak b'shaym adonoy elohay yisro-ayl , mi- mini michoa - ayl -- sendak pause , write the English translation onto a legal pad , quietly mouth some of the word . as he speak , we notice that the light in he office begin to dim . sendak ( cont 'd ) in the name of hashem , God of Israel , may Michael be at my right -- sendak pause . he 's notice the dimming light too . he cock he head , listen . outside , we hear the distant sound of wind chime . sendak feel uneasy , but be unable to pin-point the reason . presently , the light resume they full strength . sendak shake the feel off and continue read the text . sendak ( cont 'd ) -- u-mismoli gavri-ayl , u-milfonai u-ri-el , u-may-achorai R ' fo-ayl , a 'al roshi sh'chinas ayl . the light dim once more , extinguish themselves completely . sendak rise , futilely try a number of light switch . he reach into a desk drawer for a flashlight . int . temple beth emeth - hallway - night sendak step out into the hall , sense alert . he hear a SOUND come from the sanctuary . but as he move in that direction , he flashlight beam weaken and die . he tap the flashlight , try to jiggle it to life , but it 's no good . int . temple beth emeth - sanctuary - night sendak enter the area where prayer service be conduct . 77 . at the front of the sanctuary be the bimah , a raise platform . above that be the ark contain the torah scroll . the cabinet door be open and the scroll be scattered . a bull terrier stand in the center of the bimah , regard sendak . but like the possess figure of old eli Walker , the animal 's head_is upside down -- its baleful eye stare from below its muzzle . sendak be frighten , but force himself to advance . he clap he hand loudly , try to startle the beast . sendak get out of here !!! go !!! the dog emit a strange , keening wail , a fusion between a growl and the echolocation click of a dolphin . then the dog slowly back away , off the bimah , into a shadow corner of the sanctuary . darkness swallow it up . suddenly , the light in the sanctuary come back on , illuminate the corner -- but the dog have vanish . romy ( prelap ) maybe you should leave town . CUT to : int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - night casey sit at she laptop , corresponding with romy via ichat . casey it would not help . it ’1ll follow I , whereever I go . it 's go to kill I , romy . romy ( on video screen ) it 's not . even if it 's real , it do not have that kind of power . casey it kill my Mom . romy ( on video screen ) you do not know that . + eh 78. casey come on , romy . look what it do to my dad . int . romy 's bedroom - night as romy sit at she computer , we hear the doorbell . romy hold on . someone 's at the door . casey ( on video screen ) do not answer it . romy would you stop be so paranoid ? I will be right back . int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - night casey wait before she laptop , watch as romy leave the frame of the video conference screen . now , all casey can see be a partial view of romy 's empty chair and bedroom . close on the pop - up video window though it 's dark in romy 's bedroom , we sense movement . something seem to be creep out from beneath romy 's bed . casey lean forward , try to discern what 's happen . but it 's difficult to see . whatever 's move be at the edge of the screen . briefly , the figure drop from view completely -- -- then it reappear , closer to camera now . it 's barto . we see he for just a second , then the video connection be lose . casey just about jump out of she skin . she reach for she cell phone , quickly dial romy 's number . casey ( under she breath ) come on , romy , come on -- she get a error tone , then a out of service message . casey ( cont ’d ) fuck !!! casey rise from she bed , pull on a coat and shoe as she dial another number . then we hear : 79 . mark voice casey ? casey meet I at romy 's house ! something 's wrong . mark voice what ? casey just do it ! go !!! CUT to : int . marshall house - foyer - night the doorbell chime again as romy come down the stair . she try to turn on the foyer light , but something be wrong . they be dim -- as if they be output only a fraction of they capacity . and as we watch , the light dim further . romy move to a peephole at the front door , look out . romy 's Pov ( through peephole ) she do not see anyone on the front porch . romy open the door , startle to find -- matty neilson stand there ( too short to see via the peephole ) . romy what be you --? matty * the doorway be open . * before romy can reply , matty plunge a kitchen knife into she * belly . romy gasp . she look down at the knife handle protrude from she abdomen , unable to comprehend what 's just happen . matty wrench the knife out , plunge it in again -- romy stagger , sink against the newel post of the stair . she clutches she midsection , blood seeping between she finger . matty step across the threshold . the front door close behind he , as if on its own accord . he start towards -- 80 . romy , who pull herself up via the newel post . terrify , she start up the stair , but she 's not move all that quickly . on the second floor landing , romy stumble , half - crawl , half - limping down the hall . she sink to she knee , wind , continue to lose blood . she try for a doorway to she right -- -- but the doorway slam shut . she try to turn the knob , but it will not budge . romy keep move . there 's another doorway up ahead -- but it too slam shut . her bloody hand scrabble at the door knob , to no avail . she look back -- matty have reach the top of the stair . as he precede down the hall , the light continue to dim around he , he ver presence sapping the luminance away . there 's something unearthly about he strange , shuffle gait . it 's as if he be walk underwater . like the physics commanding he body be behave under a different set of condition . a bulge work its way to the surface of matty 's head , travel from one side of he tiny face to the other , distorting he feature as it burrow . and the accompanying SOUND issue from he mouth be something no human vocal cord could utter . he draw close , knife ready -- romy raise she hand to ward off the oncoming blow . the knife come down , slicing into the webbing between she outstretch finger -- then matty be on top of she , stabbing repeatedly . romy trap he wrist , briefly forestalling another blow . but she 's weak now and even matty 's limited strength be overpower she . close on matty , he facial muscle constrict in a horrible rictus , continue to utter that unearthly SOUND . as he struggle against romy , he convulse , like he 's coughing something up . suddenly , matty 's throat bulge wider still and the finger of a gnarle , spittle - cover hand emerge from he abnormally dilate mouth ! 81 . romy scream hysterically , can not process what she 's see . the hand keep come , follow by another child 's bony forearm , with a concentration camp number tattooe on the inside of the wrist ! reaching for romy 's face . ext . romy 's house - night casey 's car screech into the driveway even as Mark come running down the sidewalk on foot . as casey bolt from she car and head up to the front door , Mark join she . casey ring the doorbell , pound she fist against the door . casey romy ! romy !!! she move to a side - light adjacent to the front door , but it 's too dark inside to see anything . then we hear a scream . casey ( cont 'd ) Mark ! Mark throws he weight against the door , try to force it . casey ( cont 'd ) the back , around back !!! casey leap from the porch , lead Mark around the side to -- a back patio where glass slider open out onto the lawn . Mark grab a deck chair and smashes OPEN one of the slider , shatter it . then he reach for a garden fork rest nearby , use the prong to clear the remain glass from the frame . int . romy 's house - downstair - various - night Mark and casey rush inside the darken house . Mark still clutches the garden fork , the only immediate weapon at hand . they reach the foyer , where the dimme light still weakly pulse . they hurtle up the stair , find -- int . romy 's house - second floor landing - night -- matty crouch atop romy , look back at they like the imp from fuseli 's nightmare painting . he bare he tooth . for a second , Mark seem paralyze -- he rational mind have a hard time cope with what he 's see -- 82. then Mark drag matty off romy , throwing he against the wall . the knife fall from the boy 's hand . Mark raise the garden fork , ready to sink into the demon-child 's face , but -- casey stop !!! Mark freeze , the improvise weapon still hold high . casey ( cont 'd ) it 's not in he anymore . Mark look back at casey , fearful . MARK how can you tell ?! casey I just can . Mark look back to matty -- the boy lie slump against the wall now , breathe shallowly , completely out of it . MARK so where be it ?! a SOUND come from romy 's corpse . she 's clearly dead , awash in she own blood . and yet -- movement pulse in she throat . a potato bug creep from she mouth . then another . romy 's corpse shudder , as if some external force be try to seize hold of she via she fade nerve impulse . Mark back away , overcome with revulsion . casey get matty -- we have to go -- romy 's corpse convulse , flop onto its stomach . it reach a palsie hand towards they , fingernails digging into the floorboard , drag itself forward . casey ( cont 'd ) Mark , let 's go ! come on !!! Mark snap out of it , lift matty from the floor . as they descend the stair , they hear romy 's corpse howling behind they . the howl become a ear -splitting shriek as we -- CUT to : 83. ext . romy 's house - night the aftermath . the police and CSI unit be there in force . two detective question casey and Mark . another pair of detective and a representative from the Department of child and family service be huddle with the neilson , who look completely shell - shocked . on casey , barely able to process what the detective be say . she nod from time to time , replying in monotone . casey' Pov matty sit in the back of a open ambulance , clutching a stuff animal while two emt give he a thorough checkup . dissolve to : ext . donut shop - night a island of light amongst a commercial strip mall . Mark and casey sit across from one another in a booth . int . donut shop - night the set be banal . Bright color , garish signage , all laid bare beneath a harsh fluorescent glare . aside from the asian guy behind the counter , the place be otherwise empty . on MARK and casey Mark stare at he coffee cup , in a state of shock . he still have a smudge of blood on he face . MARK I can not believe it . casey I could not either . I do not want to . but now -- Mark look up at casey , lose . MARK where do it come from ? casey I do not know . 84 . MARK and you can sense when it 's near ? casey nod . casey I have be have this -- glimpsis ever since my eye change . shadows and thing in my peripheral vision . I think I be see what it see . ( beat , a confession ) it 's get stronger . it can enter anything now . anyone . just then , bell jingle as the front door open . a homeless man enter , look at they . be he more than he appear to be ? after a beat , he shuffles towards the back . MARK so no place be safe . a statement , not a question . casey avert she gaze , a single tear slide down she cheek . casey I do not think the world be ever safe . we be just try to pretend that it be . you see -- ( struggle to explain ) -- everything around we seem normal , but it 's not . it 's like there 's this other world laid on top of ours . like a double image or something . we can not see it , but it 's there . it 's always be there . ( beat ) the only difference be , we be start to notice it now . ext . donut shop - night pull back from Mark and casey frame in the glass window . amidst the nightscape , they seem expose and vulnerable . fade to black . ext . chess park - day fade in on a group of chess player hunch over a series of prefab concrete table , deeply immerse in they game . 85 . Beyond the chess area be a larger park , replete with strolling couple , in - line skater , people with they dog . sendak ( 0.s. ) I have decide to help you . angle on a picnic table where Mark and casey sit opposite sendak and arthur wyndham ( 5as ) , a kind - face Episcopal priest wear jeans and a simple tab-collar shirt . sendak have the Book of mirror with he , along with a folder of papers . casey you be willing to perform a exorcism ? why now ? sendak I can not say whether I truly believe in what 's afflict you . but I think you believe . and if you be convinced that this be what you need , then who be I to turn you away ? MARK look , I may be just get up to speed here -- but if you have see what I see last night , you would not have any problem believe she . sendak this be Arthur Wyndham . he 's a good friend of mine . he 's also a Episcopal priest . we compare note from time to time and , well -- he 's have a bit more experience with this kind of thing than I have . casey you have do exorcism ? wyndham ( shaking he head ) no , but I have study the phenomenon . I do my dissertation on the subject back in college . the Catholic Church 's position on this incident be very conservative . they regard genuine demonic possession as something that 's exceedingly rare . 86 . casey I be not look for a Catholic exorcism . wyndham I understand . but there be certain element to this kind of rite that be common amongst virtually all religion . and this element I be familiar with . sendak I have translate what 's in the book -- ( be : Book of mirror ) -- so I will be lead the invocation . Arthur and a few other will be back I up . MARK so you be cover all basis . a rabbi and a priest . sendak ( good-nature ) I figure it could not hurt to stack the odd . wyndham before we go any further , we need to take care of a few formality . can I see you id ? we need to verify that you be both of legal age to be consent to this . as casey and Mark reach for they driver 's license , Wyndham produce two sheet of paper from the folder , then a pen . wyndham ( cont ’d ) this be release . to be honest , I be not even sure they be legally bind . we be sort of in cloudy water here . but just in case something do go wrong -- he shrug , leave the rest unsaid . Wyndham inspect the id as casey and Mark sign the release . satisfied , he hand the casey when do we do it ? sendak tomorrow night , the sabbath . 87 . casey at you synagogue ? sendak be you crazy ? no , no way . give how unorthodox this all be , I think we will find another venue . be there a place that have a particularly negative resonance with you ? somewhere where you might have incur great pain ? casey nod , a immediate place come to mind . smash CUT to : ext . riverview psychiatric hospital - dusk have be close some year ago , the sprawling facility have now fall into disrepair . the front entrance have be chain shut , while the ground floor window have be board up . many of the window on the second and third floor have be break and there be other sign of vandalism as well ( graffiti , etc ) . in short , it 's the kind of place that teenager come to scare themselves and drunkenly grope one another . sendak ( 0.s. ) as I say , we will need a few other to help we . typically , a jewish exorcism rite involve ten people . casey ( 0.s. ) why ten ? presently , headlight appear on the wood drive lead up to the main building . sendak ( 0.s. ) ten be the number of the sephirot , which be the know attribute of God . the idea be that this ten form a protective circle around the afflict person . from overhead we see more car arrive , make a rough circle in parking area . people be exite they car . 88 . sendak and Wyndham be unload supplies -- battery - power xenon lantern , a collapsible ambulance gurney , portable space heater , as well as a long , leather carry case ( like the kind use to transport a musical instrument ) . one of the helper , rick hesse ( 30 ) , climb from a vintage land cruiser . he 's a rough and tumble biker - type . tall , clutching a to - go cup of coffee and a medical tackle box . he eye the facility with skepticism , look to sendak . rick Hell of a place to get religion , rabbi . sendak the State have it schedule for demolition this spring . ( hold up some key ) luckily , I have get a friend on the mental Health board . sendak nod to Rick , introduce he to Mark and casey . sendak ( cont 'd ) this be Rick hesse . he 's a member of a interfaith recovery group Arthur and I moderate . he 's also a emt . I think it have be good to have he here , just in case . Rick extend he hand to Mark and casey . rick Nice to meet you . sendak the other be part of the group as well . they have all be through hardship of one kind or another and they be willing to help . casey look to the other -- people from all walk of life . one look like a grandfather , another like a housewife . they nod back at casey in turn , acknowledge she . casey thank - you for do this . sendak once we get inside , casey will be in the center of the circle . i’11l read the original text in Hebrew , the rest of you will follow I in English , call and response format . 89 . as sendak speak , Wyndham pass out pamphlet outline each step of the ceremony . sendak ( cont 'd ) the heart of the ceremony be psalm 91 . yoshev b'seter , the psalm of Protection . at the beginning and end of the invocation , I 'il sound the shofar . ( to casey ) it 's a animal horn use in religious ceremony . in this case , the sound be intend to shock the spirit hide within the victim . once the spirit be more compliant , then we can start draw it out . he look to the other now . sendak ( cont 'd ) any question ? MARK what 's up with the gurney ? wyndham that 's for casey 's protection . as well as ours . sometimes , people thrash around , try to lash out . it 's just a precaution . casey give a nod that it 's okay . sendak alright , then . let 's get start . the group head towards the front entrance . int . riverview psychiatric hospital - sick ward - night a wide open space that once house dozen of sick bed , with a row of window look out onto the adjoin hallway . some of the wall be partially tear open . the pile of plaster and debris scattered here and there , along with the occasional empty beer bottle , be further evidence of vandalism . in a series of dissolves we see the group set up shop . the xenon lantern be arrange in a circle . the space heater be turn on . 90 . the gurney be lift and lock , the back support tilt semi - upright . sendak open the aforementioned carry case , revealing a long , curlicue shofar make from the horn of a kudu . Wyndham set up a small video camera on a tripod . hesse , meanwhile , give casey a cursory medical examination , check she pulse , blood pressure , pupil dilation . satisfied , casey be then help onto the gurney . MARK you sure you want to go through with this ? casey I just want it to end . Wyndham start the video camera , then walk in front of it , address it . wyndham my name be Arthur Wyndham . this will be a video record of a attempt exorcism of casey Bell . everyone participate tonight , include casey , be here of they own free will . do you agree , casey ? casey yes . this be what I want . Wyndham and hesse secure casey 's ankle and wrist with the gurney restraint . sendak now if , and this be a big '' if '' -- but assume a spirit actually manifest itself on you person , it may take the shape of a -- kind of bulge beneath the flesh . try not to be alarmed by this . even though we be deal with a spiritual phenomenon , the entity still need to be house in some degree of physical mass . so if you body produce a reaction like that , it mean what we be do be work . do you understand ? casey nod . Wyndham then produce a rubber block . gl . wyndham I be go to place this in you mouth so you do not accidentally bite you tongue . casey nod again . Wyndham insert the mouthpiece between she tooth , then turn to sendak to indicate that they be ready . at sendak 's direction , the group make a circle around casey . Mark be position by she head , sendak near she foot . sendak draw the shofar to he lip , emit three short call . finish , he lift up the Book of mirror and turn towards the North : sendak yud . ( turn to the East ) Hay . ( turn to the South ) vuv. ( turn to the West ) Hay . sendak now pivot back to face the North . sendak ( cont 'd ) this circle be now make whole and sacred . ( read from the book ) b'shaym adonoy elohay yisro -ayl , mi- mini michoa - ayl , u-mismoli gavri - ayl , u-milfonai u-ri-el , u-may - achorai r'fo-ayl , a 'al roshi sh'chinas ayl . the group respond in English , read from they booklet : group in the name of hashem , God of Israel , may Michael be at my right , Gabriel at my leave , uriel before I , and raphael behind I ; and above my head the shechina . at this , casey look to the ceiling , at the pattern of shadow cast from the harsh xenon lantern . sendak yo-shayv b' sayer el -yon , b'tzayl sha -dai yis-lonon . 92 . group you who dwell in the shelter of the most High , who abide in the shadow of the almighty -- sendak Omar la-donoy machi-si um 'tzudoi , elohai ev-tach bo . ki hu ya - tzil ' cho mi-pach yokush , mi-dever havos . group I say to you of the lord , who be my refuge and my stronghold , my God , in whom I trust , that he will save you from the fowler 's snare and from the destructive pestilence . casey start to sweat . be the shadow above she lengthen ? the lantern dimming ? she look at the other , but they do not seem to notice . sendak b’'ev-roso yosech loch v'sachas k' nofov tech - seh , tzinoh v'sochayroh amito . outside , the wind pick up . group he will cover you with he feather and you will find refuge under he wing ; he truth will be you shield and armor . casey 's breathe quicken . she shiver uncontrollably . it 's not she imagination . the lantern be dimming ! and some kind of liquid now appear to be seeping through the ceiling above she . Black and tar-like . sendak lo siro mi-pachad loy-soh , may - chatyz yo - uf yo - mom -- sendak and the other look up as a vibratory moan sound in the hallway outside , rattling the window . surely , it 's just the wind ? sendak continue , he voice falter : sendak ( cont 'd ) midever bo-ofel ya-haloch , mi-ketev yoshud tzo-horoy - im . 93 . group you will not fear the terror of night , nor the arrow that fly by day , nor -- the SOUND come again , the lantern flicker in lock -step . casey' Pov - the ceiling above the black liquid continue pool on the ceiling . suspend droplet be form , gain in volume . one of they look like its ready to slip free and fall onto casey 's face . then casey notice a bulge forming near she clavicle . it start work its way up into she throat , cause she mouth to involuntarily open . casey moan , fight against she restraint , try to twist she head around and make eye contact with Mark , warn he -- -- but the wind be cause too much commotion . it 's kick up a draft within the ward as well . Wyndham continue the recitation , raising he voice to spur the other onward : wyndham nor the arrow that fly by day -- the group follow suit , with decidedly less conviction . group -- nor the pestilence that stalk in the darkness , nor the plague that wasteth at noonday . the lantern continue to flicker and dim . the suspend droplet of black - tar liquid fall -- sendak yipol mi-tzid ' cho elef you 'vovo mimi - necho , aylecho lo yigosh . rak b'ay - necho sabit , v'’shilumas r'sho - im tir-eh . group a thousand may fall at you leave side , ten thousand at you right , but it will not come near you . you need only look with you eye , and you will see the punishment of the wick . 94 . the moaning wind reach a crescendo , rip page from people 's hand . then it suddenly stop altogether , suck itself into silence as the lantern simultaneously go dark . darkness , a few gasp from the silhouett group member . sendak everyone just stay calm . do not move . the lantern buzz , come back on at full strength , momentarily blind everyone . we hear a few relieved chuckle , some half -whispered comment . and then the face of the group member go white as they fixate on -- barto he 's stand beside casey 's leave shoulder , project a glare of evil so palpable that it could strike a person dead ! Three of the group member drop like stone , eye roll to white . two more simply run for there live . flash ! the lantern spark , burst apart . the window rattle , crack , shatter ! flash ! sendak and the other back away , freeze with fear . flash ! barto disappear amidst the intermittent darkness . flash ! casey thrashes violently , desperate to get free . Mark appear at she side , remove she mouthpiece , hurriedly loosen she restraint . she 's scream -- casey get I out ! get I out !!!! flash ! barto now appear atop one of the fall group member -- the housewife , who 's foam at the mouth . then barto be go , inside her . the housewife lurch from the floor , back arching unnaturally , as if she be be jerk upward by a rope . we see a bulge travel in a corkscrew fashion up she torso , then around she neck , then balloon out she cheek and eye-socket . she scream , vomit out a spray of blood , then crumple back to the ground in a heap . 95 . on casey even as Mark help she to she foot , the gurney collapse beneath she on its own volition . it spin away , flipping end over end , smashing hesse back against the wall . the Book of mirror be torn from sendak 's hand , some of the page shredd and fountaining around he . the shofar whirl madly about , skewering itself into sendak 's shoulder . Wyndham sink to he knee , all reason escape he . he look upward , mouth agape -- barto be on the ceiling , cling spider - like . he scurries in circle at high speed , leap at Wyndham . Mark drag casey towards the hallway , but she resist -- casey ( cont 'd ) the book !!! casey retrieve the Book , claw up the pamphlet page as well . as she and Mark make for the doorway -- wyndham lurch towards they , dead -ey , move in a herky - jerky manner . the bulge be travel up Wyndham 's arm , just beneath the flesh . barto be inside he . Mark scoops up one of the fall lantern , smashes Wyndham across the face with it ! then Mark and casey be free -- int . riverview psychiatric hospital - hallway - night -- stumbling out into the hallway , make a mad dash for freedom . they round a corner , find themselves -- in the central stairwell and foyer the front door be just ahead . but even as Mark and casey reach they , the door slam shut . Mark pull against the door handle , try to force they back open , but it 's no good . even worse , the nearby window be completely board up . Mark whirl , spot a metal waste can . he pick it up and try to hammer he way through the plywood cover the nearest window . the wood start to splinter and give way -- -- but then we hear a crash come from back the way they come . 96 . casey MARK !!! angle on hesse , staggering towards they in fitful lurch . he 'il be upon they in second ! and if the clicking moan issue from he slack mouth leave any doubt that he 's be take over , the shifting bulge that distort he face do not . Mark and casey have no choice but to retreat up the central stairway . they take the first flight of step two at a time -- below they , hesse move with alarming speed , quickly gain upon they . his howl be echoing throughout the stairwell . Mark and casey continue past the second floor landing , racing up another flight of stair . int . riverview psychiatric hospital - 3rd floor hall - night following hesse 's hulk form now as he emerge into the third floor hall . he look right , sees no sign of Mark and casey in the moonlit corridor . he look leave , sees no sign there as well . as he shamble off to the right -- int . riverview psychiatric hospital - 3rd floor ward - night -- we find Mark and casey inside one of the treatment room , have just barely manage to duck out of sight . they flatten themselves against the wall , crouching down beneath the bottom of the window look out onto the corridor . as hesse approach , Mark and casey hold they breath . we can see hesse 's silhouette now . he pause , look through the window . his mouth sag open , issue guttural clicking noise . Mark and casey be just beneath he gaze . he might even see they if he cast he eye downward -- -- but he move on , footstep retreate . silence . Mark turn to casey , be about to whisper something -- -- when the wall beside he explode outward ! hesse 's hand grasp Mark , dragging he back through the newly make open . 97 . int . riverview psychiatric hospital - 3rd floor hall - night hesse throws Mark to the floor , bludgeoning he repeatedly with he fist . the blow be raining down so viciously that Mark can not even fend they off -- casey appear in the doorway , leaping onto hesse 's back . he shrug she off , turn towards she -- casey wince as she sit up . hesse step over to she . casey try to scoot back , find herself hemmed in by the wall . as hesse bend down towards casey , she frantically reach to she throat , pull out the Hand of Miriam , which now rest on a silver chain around she neck . she hold it up -- -- and hesse actually pause , tilting he head as a animal would . do he find the amulet distasteful ? it seem like it . he hiss at she and -- wham !!! a two - by-four come down atop hesse 's head ! it 's Mark , have find himself a weapon . his nose be break , bleed down over he chin . nevertheless , he come at hesse again , swinging the two - by-four repeatedly . hesse stagger beneath the blow , then something snap in he neck and he drop like a marionette with its string cut . Mark keep pummeling the body , want to make absolutely sure the man be not get back up . Mark stop . he sink to he knee , chest heaving as he lean against the wall . but he still keep he eye on hesse 's corpse , half - expect it to reawaken . beat . Mark shut he eye , the surge of adrenaline leave he . casey move to he side . casey you okay ? MARK -- yeah , just a little bang up -- ( weaker ) -- feel funny -- Mark absently reach for casey 's hand , clasp it tightly . casey we will get out here , get some help . Mark nod absently . he open he eye again , he gaze focus on hesse 's corpse . 98 . casey ( cont 'd ) can you get up , sweetie ? Mark do not respond . instead , he grip on casey 's hand begin to tighten . casey ( cont 'd ) baby , you be hurt I -- Mark 's grip continue to tighten as a tremble course through he . casey try to pull she hand away , but Mark resist . casey ( cont 'd ) Mark , stop -- the tremble continue . we realize that we be witness a war . Mark be struggle against he own nervous system . and he 's lose . his breathe begin to hiccup , like a cat try to cough up a fur-ball . casey whimper . she know what 's happen now . Mark turn he twitching head towards she . because we be so close to he , we can see he eye transform . the pigment in he irise be drain away , turning blue . and the nearest eyeball be balloon up , bulging from its socket . casey pull back , kicking at Mark with all she strength . somehow , she manage to break free of he grip . Mark be on all four now , lift he head towards she . ropes of drool uncoil from he slack mouth . casey retreat . she do not want to leave he , but -- Mark stand , summoning a hellish howl from the pit of he belly . he start bashing he head against the wall , crack the plaster , cause chunks of it to fall away . it 's awful to watch . the dybbuk be destroy Mark before casey 's eye . casey have no choice but to run -- further down the hallway , into a wing of the hospital that be in even more disrepair . she round a corner , stumbling and slip over debris . casey sees a door to another stairwell . she try it , but it 's lock . she move on , have lose she precious lead . on MARK , unstoppable now , fuel by a bottomless wellspring of rage . 99 . casey round another corner , find herself in front of -- the door from the super -8 film Wide and unyield , with a large and tarnish brass knob . exuding a overpower sense of menace . but for this doorway , we be at a absolute dead -end . casey look back , sees Mark 's shadow approach as he near the corridor . she 's get a half - dozen second at best -- casey reach for the door knob , turn it . the door open . int . corridor - borderland - night casey step into a world that mirror ours . the corridor have the same basic geometry as the one she just leave , but the surface of everything be different , like a theatrical flat that 's be re-skin . we understand instinctively that we have enter the borderland . a demarcation between we universe and the yenne vell -- the place the dybbuk come from . the corridor seem to extend forever . and the further it extend , the more reality seem to degrade , eventually fade into complete darkness . Black , tar-like liquid drip from the ceiling and wall , pool on the floor . it 's viscous and sticky . gravity seem heavier here as well . for casey , it feel like she 's walk with lead shoe , move through a murky and oppressive body of water . every physical action create a fleeting , visual echo , tiny trail of motion that disperse like ripple in a pond . sound wave behave in the same manner , propagate outward as if under water . as casey proceed , crossing a carpet of potato bug husk . casey' Pov down at the other end of the hall , where the darkness overtake the corridor , something undulate towards we be slow-motion . human -shape , but move in a serpentine fashion , swim through the air as it would through water . casey do not want to face whatever it be . she turn -- to the right be a open doorway , dim light emanate from the room within . casey approach , dread what she will find inside . 100 . int . room - borderland - night casey enter . the room be empty , save for a rusty , metal chair . a woman sit with she back to we , clad in a soile hospital gown , rock back and forth . she 's hunch over , hair obscure she face , clutching something in she hand . casey instantly recognize the woman . casey Mom ? casey draw closer , slowly circle around . and now we see what Janet be hold . the jar from casey 's dream , with the little embryo float inside . the embryo be conscious , look up at casey from within its tiny prison . casey extend she hand , gently touch Janet 's shoulder . the woman respond , slowly lift she head , revealing -- another face a hell - maw . no eye or nose . just a gaping mouth extend from the lower jaw up to where the brow should be . the tooth be far too numerous , blacken with decay and wear down to nub . as the creature bellows , the maw open wider still , offer a nightmare view of its flap epiglottis . casey recoil , rush back the way she come , out into -- int . corridor - borderland - night -- the black tar corridor . to she right , the '' swimmer '' be still come , undulate through the heavy air . casey turn leave , running in slow-motion . she trip , skid face - first into a puddle of black goo and potato bug husk . she drop the Book of mirror , the scattered page of the ceremony . she gag , have get some of the molass - — like gunk in she mouth . then she drag herself up , try to reach for where the door should be and -- int . landing / stairwell - borderland - night -- find herself back by the grand stairwell . or at least the other side 's analog of it . every inch of the stairwell and landing be cover in the tar-like substance . and it 's flow upwards , seem to defy gravity . 101 . on MARK , rear up before we . his hand clamp around casey 's throat , squeezing with inhuman strength . he lift casey off she foot . casey struggle , choking . Mark pull she closer , nose to nose . he open he mouth , extend he tongue , as if he be go to french kiss she . one side of the tongue bulge , a kind of mobile pustule form . and the tongue keep come , unfurl from its root for at least another two inch ! the pustule - tip of he tongue reach casey 's lip , probing , force its way between they -- casey squeal . she know that the dybbuk be finally try to enter she . she give up try to pry Mark 's finger free . drop a hand to she chest , search for the only weapon she have -- the Hand of Miriam strung around she neck . her finger close around the amulet and she rip it free , drive the star _up into Mark 's jugular . Mark drop casey . blood seep out from around the amulet , which be now wedge deep in he voice - box . on the floor , casey cough , suck in air . she sees the fall Book of mirror and scattered page . her only chance . she grab the book , hugging it to she breast . she scoops up the page with she other hand , pick up the ceremony from where the group have leave off . her voice be weak and raw from she near-strangulation and the word come haltingly : casey ( read ) '' -~ you need only look with you eye , and you will see the punishment of the wick -- '' Mark look down at she , unsteady on he foot . casey continue , she voice tremble : casey ( cont 'd ) '' -~ because you have say '' the Lord be my shelter '' and you have make the most High you haven , no evil will befall you , no plague will come near thy dwelling . for he will command he angel in you behalf , to guard you in all you way -- '' 102 . a wind pick up . Mark lean into it . the flesh on he face ripple , he cheek become rubbery -- like that of a test pilot respond to the crush weight of 4 gs. the black - tar substance on the wall and ceiling react similarly , retreate as if from the wind . like motor oil dilute and fan itself away from a high - pressure stream of water . casey ( cont 'd ) '' -— they will lift you up in they hand , so that you will not strike you foot against a stone . you will tread upon the lion and the cobra ; you will trample the great lion and the dragon . '' the dybbuk begin howling . it do not like this . in fact , it seem to be fight for its life now , thrashing wildly . casey ( cont 'd ) " because he love I , " say the lord , " I will rescue he ; I will protect he , for he acknowledge my name . '' he will call upon I , and I will answer he ; '' tear stream down casey 's face as she fight to be hear over the noise . casey ( cont 'd ) '' I will be with he in trouble , I will deliver he and honor he . '' the dybbuk 's howl cycle upward , become deafen as the black - tar substance continue to dilute and -- casey ( cont 'd ) '' with long life will I satisfy he and show he my salvation . " -- Mark be suddenly hurled backward by a great force . he strike the balustrade and topple over it , fall into the open space between the stair , howling all the way down . we hear he body hit , then silence . beat . the environment have return to normal . casey move to the balustrade , hazard a look -- casey' Pov Mark be sprawle two storey below , he limb twisted unnaturally . blood pool beneath he . he 's not move . 103 . casey blink , dead inside . slowly , she pull herself away from the balustrade , start down the stair . int . riverview psychiatric hospital - ground floor - night casey descend the final few step , keep a distance from Mark 's corpse . somehow , more time have elapse than casey would have think possible . Dawn be approach and ambient light be beginning to seep in through the board up window . on MARK as he suddenly cough , expel bloody spittle . miraculously , he 's still alive . MARK -- case --? casey cautiously approach . Mark seem himself again , but quite scared , and in terrible pain . his breathe be shallow . instinctively , we know the dybbuk have leave he . MARK ( cont 'd ) -- do -- ( weak , disorient ) -- do we stop it --? casey nod . Mark smile . then he brow knit with concern . MARK ( cont 'd ) -- I can not -- feel anything -- casey kneel beside he . she want to help , but she do not know where to begin . she try to cradle he head in she hand , but the back of he hair be slick with blood . MARK ( cont 'd ) -- be I die ? casey shake she head , tear spilling down she cheek . she do not want to answer he . but it 's obviously the case . MARK ( cont 'd ) -- I be die , right ? casey ( shushing he ) listen , listen -- I need to tell you something -- Mark cough again , he eye briefly close . 104 . casey ( cont 'd ) sweetie , listen -- Mark 's eye flutter open again . casey ( cont 'd ) when a baby 's bear -- nobody know where he life will lead he . that 's why he cry . because he 's scared -- casey stop , hiccupe through she own tear . casey ( cont 'd ) but when he die , he know . he 's go home , so he 's not scared anymore . you understand , baby ? ( beat ) you understand ? Mark 's breathe become even more shallow . casey lower she head , kissing he . MARK hey , case -- casey yeah ? Mark stare past she , eye focus on something unseen . MARK -- be I go to keep fall forever ? and Mark grow still , the last of he life leave he body . pull back a wider view of the pieta-like scene -- casey kneel , Mark rest in she arm , dapple with ray from the emerge dawn . presently , a figure step into the foreground . it 's sendak , limping he way into the foyer , batter but still alive . he take in the scene before he . after a moment , casey glance up at he . they share a look , the kind of unspoken exchange only two survivor could ever comprehend . and that 's how we leave they , with the dawn 's light grow stronger , gradually bleach the world -- to white : 105 . ext . WASHINGTON park - wood - day fade in on a gray , drizzly morning . once again , we be glide behind casey as she jog down a leaf-strewn path . her stride be strong and measure , she thought quiet , numbe by the comfort a repetitive routine can instill . she reach the point where have she have always sense someone watch she , but this time she power on , not even slow . ext . cemetary - day casey walk beneath a bower of tree limb , cool down . presently , she find herself at she mother 's grave . she stare at it for a beat , move on . int . college registrar 's office - day casey be signing up for she sophomore class , one of dozen of student go through the process . int . bell home - casey 's bathroom - day casey be kneel over the toilet , just finish be sick . she give the toilet a flush . int . bell home - casey 's bedroom - day casey sit on she bed , count backwards through the day on she pocket calendar . int . pharmacy - day casey move down one of the aisle , pick up something for anti-nausea . further down , she sees a selection of home pregnancy test . on impulse , she put one in she basket . int . bell home - casey 's bathroom - day casey stand at the sink , study the wand from the home pregnancy test . a pink line slowly develop . 106 . int . ob / gyn 's office - examination room - day casey rest on a examination table as a ob / gyn slide a ultrasound transducer over she abdomen . he study a real - time output on a nearby monitor . ob / gyn well you be definitely pregnant . I can clearly see the gestational sac . he continue to slide the transducer back and forth . ob / gyn ( cont 'd ) and it look like double - congratulation be in order . ( off casey 's look ) you be carry twin . casey 's face go pale . not the reaction the doctor be expect . he pivot , offer she a view of the monitor . ultrasound monitor a 3 - D scan of casey 's womb . two vague , but immediately discernible embryos can be see nestle side by side . CUT to black . the end