unbroken screenplay by Joel coen & ethan coen and Richard lagravenese and William nicholson base on the book by Laura hillenbrand omitted ext . ocean 1 we be pan , from high , a horizon that be water , all water , a world of water . it be softly , warmly light . we be start to hear the distant thrum of engine . we high sweep of the planet have bring into frame the sun , big , red , rise , just at the horizon . the engine noise approach , louder , and be now distinguishable as be many engine not one . we continue pan bring into frame nine B - 24 's in combat wing assembly , speed toward we . int . inside the lead aircraft 2 Close on the pilot , russel allen phillip — " '' phil " '' . dron engine . phil 's head bob with the motion of the plane . the copilot : hugh cuppernell . scan the sky for enemy aircraft . the top turret gunner : stanley pillsbury . he look out : he view to one side , of the accompany plane on he wing , pan forward , over he own plane 's cockpit and nose , to the ocean before we . a point-of-view straight down at whitecap racing underneath US a the view be through the hatchmark of a sight of some ind . extremely close on a blink eye . Close on the bombardier , louie zamperini . he raise he head from he norden bombsight , look forward through the belly bubble , squint at something dead ahead . above he , nose gunner ROBERT mitchell scan the sky . back to phil , the pilot . he also react to something dead 3 aheaa . his view : a small island in the middle of the vast ocean . he speak into he radio : phil we. . . are. .. here . Cup react , tensing after many soporific hour of fly . 1a cup at eight thousand foot ; this be it boy . stanley at the helm of he twin .50 's . mac , the tail gunner in fire position . clarence douglas and harry brooks , waist gunner , be ready . harry you hit this one and drink be on I . louie : his look drop back down into the bombsight . through the bombsight : the point-of-view start straight down , then tip slowly up to bring the oncoming island into the crosshair . louie I be not goin to a bar with you '' dame magnet '' . you confuse all the broad . there be a landing strip on the island . plane be park to the side of the landing strip . however nine zero be suddenly move on the runway . take off one by one ... phil ( radio voice ya get it , louie ? louie be squinting down into the sight . louie get you camera boy , I be gonna light it up like Christmas ! phil Pilot to bombardier , you ship . phil flip a switch . louie bombardier to pilot , roger . the sky become a fury of color , sound and motion . louie keep he focus below . louie ( cont 'd ) bombardier to crew , bomb bay door open . we look down past rack bomb as the bay door swing open , show ocean below . harry Bay door open . within moment ... 4 bang ! superman be rock by a flak explosion . the sky fill with flak puff and the plane rock with shock wave . the chunk -chunk -chunk of hole be punch into the fuselage . stanley grip he machine gun , pivot he turret as the plane | uck . he can see nothing except white puff of flak ursting close by . louie be be bounce around , he lose the target , he try to find it again , stay focus . dull boom — the bomber on he wing break apart in its mid - section and fall away trail smoke . louie 's look follow the bomber as it falter , and disappear under superman 's wing . at last , Lou have he aim . louie release bomb . look down through the bay as the bomb fall away . a knot of plane and structure beside a runway explode . the superman pass over a set of red-roofe barrack and a antiaircraft battery , Lou 's second and third target . he line they up and watch the bomb crunch into the building and battery . louie ( quietly to himself ) there you be ... louie take a deep breath and take aim . he fire . the bomb fall '' clear and Lou turn the valve to close the bomb bay joor louie ( cont 'd ) bomb away . bombardier to pilot , you ship . phil Pilot to bombardier , roger . outside there be a pulse of white light and a orb of fire : Lou make a perfect drop .. the shack be a fuel depot which further destroy the island 's phosphate . phil ( cont 'd ) just like Christmas . ext . superman 5 superman turn toward home . plane behind begin to follow suit . int . superman 6 louie watch as a vast cloud of smoke billow upward . when the smoke clear -- a Zero be fly aggressively right towards the superman . right toward louie . Mitchell ( above louie ) begin to fire . the Zero fire back . louie react as bullet pierce the bombardier 's bubble . he tense , not sure which way to lean , in the completely expose space . Mitchell 's bullet hit the Zero . louie grab a photo tape to the now - break glass and jam it in he pocket . ( we will later know the importance of this picture ) he grumble as he start crawl out of the belly : louie crawl out from he position into the center of the plane . Mac be fire at two Zero . Harry be fire at another . stanley be fire at a couple more . suddenly - crack . a bullet hole open in the bubble just behind he head . he turn . a Zero be on he other side bear in on he at 45 degree , gun fire . much fire , inside and out . bullet chink through the metal of the plane . stanley keep fire . below he , as he 's kneel he see Zero through the open bomb bay door . more bullet pierce the plane . bullet fly from the plane . we see the belly gunner in the suspend bubble in a fire fight with a Zero . bullet pierce the bubble . 5 - 6 louie grab the medical bag and climb across the catwalk to get to the belly gunner . more gunfire . Harry fire laterally . boom !— a cannon round strike nearby and the concussion slam he head against the wall . his goggle shatter . he reach up to take off the goggle . bullet from he target plane stitch he up . Harry 's down . ( end slow motion ) louie race toward he , pull he away from he station to the opposite wall . as he stabilize Harry and administer morphine , louie notice Mac at the tail gun shoot down a Zero . he also see douglass - - leg shot and bloody but he stand strong and shoot back . louie strap Harry down and make he way back to the front of the plane . bam !— a very big explosion — a hole rip open in the side of the plane . cockpit : phil struggle to right the plane . 7 plane : stanley recover he target and fire . bullet streak through the superman from every direction . Sea and sky be now visible throughout the prane -- 9 gashes everywhere . bullet fly . each moment the hole multiply . louie look up . stanley , in the top bubble , look intently out , hand tense on gan of ready for a target to appear . one of he leg be shred . he keep shoot , not miss a beat . in the rectangle of exterior view a Zero enter from aft , climb . 10 pillsbury bang the high speed rotator of he turret . the turret grunt to life , whirling pillsbury around ninety degree . the Zero reach the top of it 's arc , leveling off and speed directly towards superman . pillsbury can see the pilot who could end he life . pillsbury suck ina sharp | breath and fire . he watch the tracers skim away from he gun muzzle and punch through the cockpit of the Zero . the windshield blow apart and the pilot pitch forward . the Zero fold onto itself like a wounded bird . all quiet , except for wind whistling through all the different-sized hole punch all over we aircraft . suddenly , the last Zero come up from below , the sound of gun fire , and the Zero falter and fall . clarence Douglas , stand at the waist gun with he thigh , chest , and shoulder tear open , bring it down . louie look down . through the slit of the bay door , not yet fully close , the Zero spiraling away . omitted 8 omitted 9 int . cockpit 10 louie enter . louie everyone 's 's shot up . not sure Harry 's gonna make it . phil okay . we be still fly . but we have no hydraulics . cup we get no flap . so , basically , we get no brake . louie how far to base ? cup five hour . if we can make it that far . the runway over six thousand foot but we be gonna need 10,000 without brake . louie look back into the damage plane . the light stream through the bullet hole , cut through the smoke . a voice : voice God make two great light . . 11 10 voice ( cont 'd ) - . . the great light to rule the day , and the lesser light to rule the night . Close on louie 's eye - int . church 11 that same beautiful blue eye . the voice continue over the cut , now in the church -- its live context . priest 's voice -.. . and God set they in the firmament of the Heaven foot swinging under a pew . they do not reach the ground . pouie , age 12 , bored in church , jiggling , look down at he eet . priest voice ... to rule over the day and over the night and to divide the light from the darkness . whap !— a hand enter frame and smack the fidget boy . he look up at : his father , ANTHONY . he give a reproving look and a gesture for the boy to look forward , pay attention . a hiss from louie 's other side -- he mother louise . louise tonio ! she be give Anthony a look : do not do that ! Anthony return Louise 's look with one of he own : what ? he be misbehave ! louie look from one to the other , then back up at the Priest . 11 priest eee now this thing , light and dark , ht and day , they be separate from each other . louie 's eye travel across the candle to a statue off to the side , down to a beautiful young woman and the cross on she neck . but below it ... a hint of she cleavage . his Pov then travel down to a great pair of leg . whap !— the hand re-enter to smack the boy . his father again . a insistent gesture for the boy to look forward , pay attention . past he father be he two sister , sylvia and virginia , smirk at he for get whacked — and he older brother , pete . priest ( cont 'd ) - _. '' God place they each in its lace . God do not create a battle etween they . he say , I have create both of this thing . priest ( cont 'd ) you must live through the night , not do battle with it , for the night also be mine . . . louie look up , he attention now hold by : the large Christ crucify , at the back of the altar . priest ( cont 'd ) - - _. and he send he son Jesus — not to do battle . not to go to war with the sin of man , but to forgive they . .. back to louie , now look at the Christ with some interest . but he head turn at the sound of the priest 's raise voice -- priest ( cont 'd ) - . . to accept the dark , live through the night , forgive the sin , smile upon the sinner . ( then , softer ) '' Love ... thine ... enemy . '' louie stare back at the priest . officer collier ( 0.8 ) zamperini ! 12 al3 13 14 12-15 ext . torrance street 12 close on officer collier - officer collier zamperini ! I know it 's you . louie be run . Officer collier chase he around the corner and into the back alley behind the shop . ext . torrance - day al3 louie be chase by Officer collier . ( Close on he leg - we can hear the change in he pocket . ) ext . alley 13 louie run down a second alley and out the other end , across the street , and disappear into the bush . ext . train track 14 louie come burst out of the bush towards the train track . past a old truck kick up dust . he turn the corner and look back . he 's safe . no Officer collier in sight . louie slide into a corner near a old , defunct , small building . his hide out . his stash . it 's very impressive . magazine - jar of key , coin , and other goods he 's lecting . he unload the new change from he pocket and separate they into jar . he close and cover he stash . he then take a '' milk bottle '' and unwrap the rubber band and cloth cover and take a drink . he dig a wooden match out of a pocket and pull the end of he belt out of its loop . he bend the belt - end back to expose a strike surface stick to its underside , strike the match h , and light a cigarette with deep suck as he tuck the belt - end back under its loop and sit . he look at the billboard up near the chain link fence . ( a soap ad . a pretty blonde blue eye american woman and son . a sweet angel of a son . ) he 's lose in think . 15 12-15a suddenly nicky and the bully be there . nicky look who 's here . what be you doin wop ? louie brutta bestia ! bully ( laugh , mock ) brutabruttabaatatata ... nicky go back to italy . you and you greasy wop family louie swing . nicky swerve out of the way . he punch louie to the ground . louie be defiant -- he get up : nicky be surprised . he punch he again . louie start to get up . nicky ( cont 'd ) stay down you dumb dago . louie get up and throw he whole body into nicky . the fight . the other boy jump in to pull louie off . louie be swinging like mad . suddenly , he be pull back . Officer collier have catch he . ext . front porch - zamperini home - late day 15 his thick hand on the back of louie 's neck , Officer collier escort louie back home . he carry the '' milk bottle '' . officer collier the only reason you be not in reform School now be because of the respect we have for you parent . everybody in town want you put away . 18 19 16 12-15b Louise open the door to find louie be hold by the scruff of he neck , by a feed up Officer collier . Pete , stand next to she . he know what the picture mean , have see it efore . office collier sorry Louise . he be fight again . Pete translate into italian for he mother . Officer collier wait , then continue : officer collier and we find this . he ... paint the bottle . it 's liquor . God only know where he get it . he will not say . Pete translate again . Louise look from he to louie . she smell the bottle . the next exchange in italian : louise liquor ! toot ? what do you do ? why would you do this ? louie I do not know . int . live room - zamperini home - night 18 louie , as he father spanks he hard with a belt strap . again , louie 's expression be stoic , take he punishment . ANTHONY ( in_ italian ) how could you do this ?! what be you do to this family ? what do I work for ? to pay for food , for a house ! how could you do this ? ( beat ) they do not want we here anywa y! and now you do this ! you will 1 we mother with worry . you will kill she . ( beat ) you want to go to jail ? do you ? Anthony stop . as a italian father , he 's angry one second , then he feel badly about the spanking . he love he son but do not know how to handle he . louie look at he defiantly . Louise stand in the doorway , concerned and heartbroken . omitted 19 int . zamperini home - dusk 16 Close on egg break . flour sifted . milk pour . louie watch from the top of the stair as he mother make gnocchi in the kitchen . 20 12-15c they be poor and the tin be almost empty but she scrape the very last of every ingredient into the bowl and make magic . int . louie 's bedroom - night 20 with the light out , louie sit on he bed near the open window . across the hall , with the door just open enough , he can see that he mother be say she prayer before bed . we hear Mrs. Zamperini 's voice , somewhat muffle . the italian we hear be subtitle : louise mother Mary please watch over my family . and watch over louie . 16-17 it be hard to read louie 's expression . but he be listen , jaw set . 23 18 ext . bleacher , torrance high school - day 23 in the shadow , under the bleacher - louie , have a hideout here . he look out through the plank at the track . the school track team be out training watch by a small gaggle of girl fan . Pete be one of he runner . torrance girl go , Pete ! yay , Pete ! come on ! 24 25 26 27 28 19-22 louie 's eye follow Pete as he run . Pete 's always the one who get the applause . louie pull up a plank to reveal another secret stash . cigarettes , match , '' milk '' bottle , gum . he pop open a bottle and continue to watch the race . and of course , no boy under bleacher do not enjoy a bit of the view up at the girl . minute later — 24 thump ! thump ! boot clumping towards he . through a gap in the plank he see a figure bear down on he . teacher someone down there ? who 's down there ? louie burst out the back of the bleacher and run like the wind . out onto the track , hurtle past the training team . Pete see he go by and lope to a stop , astonished . he watch louie run out of sight . Close on Pete - omitted 25 omitted 26 omitted 27 ext . torrance STREET - day 28 Orange blossom tree -line street . Pete on bicycle . he pedal forward as we reveal louie run ahead of he . louie this be so dumb . pete since when be you so smart ? ( beat ) come on . faster ! louie why ? no one 's chase I . pete I be chase you . 23 louie be struggle . he come to a stop , panting . louie can not do this , Pete . I be not like you . I be nothing . just let I be nothin . pete what be you talkin about ? louie I can not make a track team . I do not even know why you want I to ... pete yes , you can . if you can take it you can make it . louie what ? pete if you can take it you can make it . you train and you fight harder than that other guy . and you win . you get out from under they . or , you keep go the way you be go , you will end up as a bum on the street . you can do this Lou . you just gotta believe you can . louie look at he brother . he want to believe he can do it . he 's scared . louie I do not believe . Pete look into he little brother eye . 29 23a pete I do . louie consider . he set off run again . Pete follow behind . louie 's run more steadily now , find he rhythm . pete ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) faster . ext . track field , torrance high school - day 29 a starter 's pistol bang ! in close shot . High school track meet . louie try out . Pete watch , stand next to a middle - age man hold a stopwatch , both of they relaxed , arm on the rail . louie start near the back of the field . he gain , steadily . Pete incline he head to the man next to he , eye still on the race . the other pull away from louie . he 's scowling as he run . another runner just ahead of he turn and shoot he a mock grin . Pete call out . pete brutta bestia , you dumb dago ! louie wake up . he decide to do he thing . he start to belt over the course . Pete and the coach watch as he catch up with the rest of the runner . louie pile on the pressure . he overtake the runner who grin at he . _.. pete ( cont ’d ) go , louie ! go! a30 30 31 32 33 34 24 louie hear he as he run and kick it up another gear . he fly past the leader . as he hit the straightaway to the finish line , Pete and the coach straighten from the rail , tensing , absorb , as louie fly toward they position at the tape . ext . torrance street - day a30 louie be run . Pete be peddle . this time Pete push to keep up . he look ahead . louie have run off . a huge distance between they . Pete smile . or louie be training hard . he run as if he life depend on it . omitted 30 omitted 31 ext . tree - line STREET - day 32 Young louie run as the sun begin to rise . close on louie 's legs - — ext . tree - line STREET - day 33 close on louie 's legs - as he run , we see he legs transform from a scrawny kid 's into a young man' . louie 's grow up to be ? tall , muscular , handsome , 18 year old , confident and athletic . montage of mile race over several month : ext . track field - day 34 24 a banner read : torrance track and field mile race . - first race : louie and the runner be in the last lap , with louie in the lead , run across the finish line . radio announcer one ( v.o. ) Boy oh boy can that guy fly ... - Pete click the stopwatch as louie win . his parent and the torrance girl cheer . radio announcer one ( v.o. ) ..- they be call he the torrance tornado . I like the sound of that ! 35 37 25 - second race : louie run , gain a longer lead . 35 in the bleacher : Anthony , Louise , sylvia , Virginia , and more torrance girl . Louise can hardly watch she 's so nervous . radio announcer two ( v.o. ) I tell ya , this kid Zamperini run like he foot never touch the ground ... at the finish line , same result : louie cross alone , and Pete , at the rail , click a stopwatch . he be even happier than the last result . - louie 's fan base have double . they stand and cheer for louie , who wave at he family . a beautiful young blonde catch he eye . she smile . more camera . flash bulb pop . louie still unsure of they . - third race : 37 louie run . his point- of-view : the field ahead . other - team runner , three of they , be in front of he . louie , run . gain . the three runner seem to be draw together in front of he . but the two wing be fall back slightly . louie , among the three runner . they be box he in . they foot . flash leg . 38 26 the field ahead . no way out . foreground block up , no space . they foot . the runner to louie 's right stomp on louie 's right foot . louie stagger , off balance . Anthony see he son stumble . the runner just in front of louie , glance back , slow up . leg . cleat , from the runner just in front of louie , rake he shin , draw blood . louie , reacting , stumble -- then try to move outside . point-of-view : he father in the stand through a gap in the runner and ahead : upcoming turn . louie have a open . he give it all he 's get and push through his leg , huge stride , right shin bleed . louie in front now , increase distance between himself and the other runner . Anthony and Louise be on they foot . final straightaway . more speed . cross the finish line : after louie pass , a pan down to spatter blood on the white line . Pete check the stopwatch , he throw he hat down with pure excitement . they have do it ! LA time reporter ( v.o. ) the '' torrance tornado '' — smoke the mile in 4:21.3 second , Zamperini be now officially the fastest high school runner in american history . folk , this kid be on he way to Olympic ! euphoric cheer and flash bulb take we into the next scene . ext . torrance train station , 1936 - day 38 flashbulb from the press . the entire town of torrance have show up at the train station to see louie off . they carry sign read win it for torrance and torrance tornado in berlin . 27 louie walk with Pete down to the train . Pete find it hard to let he go . louie wish you be come . Pete smile . pete why would I come ? you be not go to win . louie sure . I know that . it 's alright , this be only a try out for I anyway . four year 's time , next Olympic , that 's when I 'il show ’em . pete Tokyo . louie Tokyo ! 39 28 pete smart kid . enjoy yourself Lou . say hi to the pretty german broad . louie you know it . he give he brother a hug . louie hold on tight . louie ( cont 'd ) thanks Pete . for everything . louie do not want to get too emotional , so he get on the train . pete a minute of pain be worth a lifetime of glory . you remember that . go get they ! all of torrance be wave as the train pull out of the station . as louie 's family grow smaller in view , the sound of the train become the sound of a plane 's roaring engine - — int . b- 24 - morning 39 louie be stand in the tail of the scream B - 24 . the parachute pack be tie to the .50 cal mount . louie hold a cord in each hand . he and the other prepare to crash land . shout over the engine and wind : phil 's voice we be come in pretty hot ! 120 ! 40 4l 42 43 44 29 Harry , lean back where we leave he , eye open , weakly respond . Mac at he side . in the cockpit : phil work the yoke . shriek wind bump up at the cut . the damage plane want to flip . even Cup 's strength can not help keep it level . they struggle . phil final put he foot on the yoke and put he weight into it to hold it level . ( he really do this ) his point-of-view : landing strip rush up , line by park plane . omitted 40 int . plane 4l phil at the yoke . phil still too fast . Cup look from phil , back to : louie tense . Cup yell back : cup almost — a jolt as the plane touch . ext . landing gear 42 touch . smooth at first . one wheel be round , the other totally flat , its action erratic . all hell break lose . int . plane 43 phil : inside a paint-shaker . Fighting the steering . louie : launch into the air . chute ripcord fly from he hand and drop away . ext . landing gear 44 the flat wheel now digging in like a plow -blade . its grab start to spin the plane . 45 46 47 48 49 50 a51 30 int . plane 45 phil throw to the side . ext . plane 46 landing gear churn up chunks of macadam_ that hammer — thungkthungk -thungkthungk - the belly of the plane . int . plane 47 blungblungblung -— the plane , drumm by divot , resonate like a go — louie grab for catwalk rail . ext . runway 48 nose of plane spin — toward plane park at side . int . plane 49 louie a pinball . ext . runway 50 plane spin to a halt , off-kilter — scant foot from park plane . landing gear , smoking , half - dig in , a crazy curve gash into the ground behind . it come to a halt . int . superman a51 phil ( simply ) okay . hardly a reaction for a man who just successfully land a plane under such circumstance . gotta love phil. 51 int . plane from aft louie head for Harry , as do phil and Cup from forward . louie flat tire - 30a 51 a52 52 31 as louie approach Harry he realize he be dead . louie and the other share a moment of silence . ext . beach runway - day a52 hour later - louie stand alone in front of the remain of the superman . the light of late day blast through the 594 bullet hole in the plane . look at it now , it really be a miracle it land . louie notice phil off in the distance sit alone on the beach ext . beach - day 52 phil sit in the sand , face the surf , forehead press to hand clasped together , he attitude dévotional . behind he , siren and activity from the crash - landing of one minute ago . louie , wobbly , walk up and , see phil 's attitude , take a respectful beat . then : louie now you be praying ? a small smile : phil busy before . louie drop to the sand next to he . louie my mother do that . phil a lot of people do this . Long beat , louie look at phil , who have drop he head back down’to he knucklé and clése he eye . the beat of sur louie watch with interest . finally : louie he say anything back ? phil ( good-nature , as he start to rise ) uh-huh . he say my bombardier 's a dope . 53 ext . hawaii sunrise . High shot : a small figure below be forest mountain road , high above é ogging on a densely he sea . 31a 53 54 32 pull he : louie . a open - top jeep round the curve behind he . as it overtake , we see Cup be drive : Lou toss Cup the stopwatch he just pull out . Cup hit the button to start it . running 54 montage : lateral , and pull , and trail louie . through beautiful countryside , unlike the track meet we have see heretofore , this run be completely peaceful . Sun through leave , bird call , the regular huff of the runner and clomp of he footfalls . Cup : look from louie to he odometer . odometer : mile - tenth turn over . louie accelerate . Cup 's foot on the accelerator — a gentle push . one last surge from louie , faster still . he tilt he neck back , look up . tropical canopy . Sun strobing through the leave . finally : last mile - tenth turn over . the rain forest canopy end at a high curve in the road , revealing a endless expanse of sea below . stopwatch hit . Cup : he slow the jeep and toot the horn to signal louie that the mile be up . louie slow to a jog . Cup look at the stopwatch . louie have slowed to a panting walk . the jeep ease up to he . Cup throw the stopwatch for louie to read . they share a smile . cup damn shame they cancel the Tokyo Olympic . louie ( smile ) musta hear I be commin . shout off from a_ distance . louie and Cup turn to see phil , Mac , and a jeep full of crew drive toward they . Mac shirtless in sunglass with a cigarette - 55 56 57 33-34 mac wrap it up speedy . we get a mission . phil not a combat mission . rescue . - . . B - 24 take off about noon yesterday . - »- . en route to canton , and then Australia . except they never make canton . never hear from he after takeoff so it 's assume they ditch . cup that 's a lot of ocean . phil ( gesture to the man in he back } it be . ( beat ) they get we some new crew . louie look at the new young face . the engineer , glassman and other . _ louie ( suspicious ) do we get a new plane ? off phil 's look : omitted 55 ext . plane - day 56 at the cut the engine noise pop in : strain , rattling , like a overstuff coffee-grinder . the Green hornet . int . GREEN hornet 57 phil fly , look out . Cup next to he . cup feel like sittin in the live room try to fly the house . phil they have be take spare part off this thing for other plane . I be surprised it 's still get a engine . 58 35 cup Lieutenant say it 's airworthy . '' it 's be certified , '' he say . louie on radio ... by helen keller . bombardier 's bubble : louie be scan with a pair of binocular . his point- of-view : like the first shot in the movie , but rougher : pan a lot of water . the pan strobe , slow , quicken again ; become hypnotic . louie drop the binocular , blink he eye , raise the binocular again . into he radio : louie lot of ocean . answering radio voice lot of ocean . int . GREEN hornet - second later 58 the cockpit , as louie crowd in and hand the binocular to Cup . cup so a duck walk into a bar . louie okay . cup or waddle . if you will . okay , the duck walk into a bar . he say , gimme a creme de menthe - - a thunk initiate shudder . , cup ( cont 'd ) whoa ! phil whoa there ! louie what be it ? so 36 37 voice from waist what do we get ? Pilot and copilot be look intently at gauge , adjust . cup okay . number one be out . other engine be burn more fuel . louie look out the leave window . violent shaking . phil gotta feather it . cup yeah , yeah . ( Calling out ) hey ! engineer . come to the cockpit and feather the engine . engineer appear . ( we will not identify this crew member by name out of respect for the family as he mistake be partly responsible for the crash and many death . ) Pilot and copilot be both work control . engineer which one ? phil Left ! he look out the window . engineer one or two ! phil more on the right ! cup that 's all we get on the right ! the engineer flip a plastic guard with four featherin button and due to the shaking he hit button # 2 , not hh . the plane lurch violently . cup ( cont 'd ) damn it ! phil okay . the plane be spiraling . 59 38 cup everything on the right ! phil push the two work engine full on . louie be this — phil prepare to crash ! louie bolt from the cockpit . 59 the waist : man be struggle into mae west . the shaking be get more violent still . glassman climb up from the belly urret . louie crash position ! glassman ! no-radio guy ! Mitchell ? mitchell yeah ! louie Radio we position ! cockpit : Cup fight the stick . the wind shriek around the plummete aircraft . cup this be it . phil okay . waist : louie be drag a pack from under a bulkhead . mac glassman — provision box . glassman yeah get it ! get it ! louie , hugging the pack to he chest , sit behind a bulkhead . louie okay guy ! we can make it ! anyone on the raft ? 60 61 62 39 the engineer , feel responsible , have take position right behind the cockpit with he hand on the overhand raft-release handle . the engineer nod with he hand firmly on a latch . engineer yeah . I get it ! ext . GREEN hornet 60 Silent . Wide . the plane , a small speck , head toward the vastness of the water . int . GREEN hornet 61 cockpit : scream wind . Cup at yoke . Water surface rush up . phil brace — louie with he head forward . as if in prayer — ext . berlin olympic stadium , 1936 - day 62 at the cut - louie with he head down take a deep breath . he lift he head , bring we into the stadium . Far off there 's a man speak from a balcony -- surround by guard and officer . we be in a huge stadium . louie glance round , take it all in . the dream be realize . the man on the balcony stand and make a gesture ' sieg Heil 's ! arm be thrust up in the foreground — and back , deep into the background . a sea of people , salute . louie look around at the flag . Germany . Italy . the star and stripe . near it , a white flag with a red circle . Japan . louie look , to he side , at the japanese athlete . one notice he look , smile . louie smile back . 63 64 40 in this moment it all look so stun to he . Unity and pride . he notice a handsome African american man on the american team . he study he , how focus he be . olympics radio announcer ( v.o . ) in a astounding performance , negro american jesse owen from Ohio State . we intercut the Zamperini home , listen to the game : int . zamperini home - pre -dawn 63 Pete , Louise , Anthony and he sister listen to the Olympic Games on the radio . olympics radio announcer ( v.o. ) ..- have win four gold medal for the hundred meter , the two hundred meter , the long jump and the four hundred meter relay . next up , the five thousand meter with Americas record break Don lash lead the american team ... ext . olympic stadium - day 64 olympics radio announcer ( v.o. ) along with newcomer louie Zamperini louie , in close shot , lower he head , look at the ground , breathe deeply . the breath find a long , regular rhythm puncture by : gunshot a starter 's pistol , in close shot . athlete take off run . louie , run . we intercut a rough , hand -held pull of louie , with a equally rough point-of-view . he be nowhere near the front of the pac 65 67 68 69 70 41 int . zamperini house - pre -dawn 65 on the glow radio dial . radio voice — and already , three section of runner have form , with America 's Don lash and the finnish salminen and hockert ahead of the pack . second voice the finn always the favorite in 67 this long - haul event — louie 's mother be in the devotional pose we see phil in eariier — forehead rest against clasped hand . we hear the radio : radio voice in the second group be America 's louie Zamperini - ext . olympic stadium - day 68 louie run . his point- of-view : the back of several foreground head . well ahead be three runner in match ( finnish ) jersey . on pace with they be one american . int . zamperini home - pre -dawn 69 Pete listen . radio voice the finn hockart , lehtinen and salminen have set the pace and they be not let up . we see : a wire be thread from the Zamperini radio through the window out to the porch .... ext . zamperini home - pre -dawn 70 Office collier and other be on the porch beside a loud speaker which have be connect to the Zamperini radio . 71 72 73 74 75 76 42 ext . olympic stadium - day 71 louie run . his breath come in regular chuff . point-of-view : the american among the front four be indeed fade . there be still many head between we and the front four — and two or three more enter , pass louie . int . zamperini home - pre-dawn 72 over the shoulder of the radio : the family hunch , tense , listen . radio and Zamperini be fade too , drop further back . ext . olympic stadium - day 73 louie run , he huffing breath even more amplify . his point- of-view : a crowd ahead of he . ext . zamperini home - pre - dawn 74 Officer collier and the torrance townees listen without make a sound . int . zamperini home - pre -dawn 75 on pete. radio and into the eighth_1 aj it 's the finn still in the lea with salminen in first mise ! Pete murmur to himself : pete come on , louie . ext . olympic stadium - day 76 louie run . as if hearing Pete , he step it up a notch . his point-of-view confirm : the nearest of the bob head keep pace for a beat , then begin to slip back . 77 78 79 80 81 82 43 int . zamperini home - pre -dawn 77 Anthony listen . radio and we start the last lap , the finn seem to be in control . it do not look like Don lash be go to bring home the medal for the USA . there 's a. . . there seem to be some movement back in the pack . ext . olympic stadium - day 78 louie run . his point- of-view : he be gain on someone : a Norway jersey . rolf hansen sense someone behind he , glance back , then look forward again , furiously pump arm , but continue to slide back closer to we . int . zamperini home - pre -dawn 79 Pete tense . second radio voice yes , that 's Zamperini overtake Norway 's rolf hansen . . ext . olympic stadium - day 80 louie run , pass hansen . still many back - of-head strung amongst the track in front of he . int . zamperini home - pre-dawn 81 the family half -rise , listen . radio he seem to have some gas in reserve . he be really make some time . ext . olympic stadium - day 82 louie pass runner . loud breathe . 83 84 85 86 int . zamperini home - pre-dawn Louise open she eye , sense the body - language around she . she look at the radio . second radio voice salminen and hockert will be one and two . but look at that Zamperini . Mrs. Zamperini look from the radio back to Pete . louise pietro , cosa dice ? Pete , focus on the radio , can not answer . radio he 's get Don lash in he sight . ext . olympic stadium - day louie run . heavy breathe . no crowd noise now , only breathe . Don lash glance back , give more forward effort , continue to lose groun int . zamperini home - pre-dawn Pete be now lean over the radio . radio voice well , the great Don lash be not gonna be the first american , folk ! it 's high school kid Zamperini , push past the record - breaker on this field ! ext . olympic stadium - day finn cross the line . a blur of runner : the field follow . louie , have cross , ease up , gasp . 44 83 shift 84 yet 85 86 87 88 89 45 Roaring cheer . int . zamperini home - pre -dawn 87 cheer . radio voice well I have not see that ! I have not see that ! ext . zamperini home - pre-dawn 88 Officer collier and the other be on they foot . int . zamperini home - pre -dawn 89 second voice that final lap , folk , the record for that be 69.2 second . Zamperini just do it in fifty - sixx - second . that record 's gonna hold for a while , lemme tell ya . a92 92 46 ext . water surface - day a92 the black shadow of the Green hornet b24 bomber grow larger as it near the ocean . int . GREEN hornet / ext . surface - day 92 Impact . Water crash in . louie breach with a huge gasp . he do not know where he be . we do not know where we be . 93 94 47 bob debris . Beyond louie in the near-background a airplane wing roll upward as the fuselage surge up , rotate , and then the whole plane quickly sink louie be throw forward . disconnect wire whip around he like uncoil spring . louie take a deep breath as he 's pull under - int . underwater - day 93 louie try to orient himself . the impact ram he into the waist gun mount and wedge he under it , face down . the gun mount press against he neck , and countless strand of metal coiled around he body . louie sink , fight to free himself from the tangle of wire - louie 's Pov : as he sink , the light of the ocean 's surface dim . his eye close . moment later they open . still submerge . suddenly for some unknown reason , he be free of the wire that ensnared he . seventy feet down , he tries to swim to the surface . he inflate he mae West vest and be pull upwards ina stream of debris . his body ascend up to the ocean 's surface . ext . surface - day 94 louie 's head burst out of the water into bright sunlight . he 's cough up water and blood . round he the oil and slop from the down bomber . he look around . the ocean surface be slicked with iridescent oil and green hydraulic fluid . a human sound . louie look . phil , daze , have a hold of a float tank . he wear no mae West : blood 'come down he face , in pulse from somewhere above he hairline , and be wash away as water slop over he . Mac , also without a mae West , hang on with he . 95 48 louie : a panicked look around . in the opposite direction : a inflate yellow raft , bob , drift away . a minute later 95 louie , on the raft , and Mac , still in the water , negotiate phil onto the raft . phil himself can not help much . Mac clamber in as louie find the gash in phil 's scalp . louie take off he shirt , dip it in water , and press it to the wound . louie look around , scan surface . some of the debris be start to sink . 96 97 49 wide angle - the tiny raft carry three man surround 96 by the debris of the crash , alone in the vast ocean . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day 97 louie have a raft pocket open and be take a inventory of the supplies : hershey chocolate bar , half pint tin of water , a brass mirror , a flare gun , sea dye , fish hook , fishing line , air pump , raft patch kit . a set of plier with a screwdriver in the handle . Mac be press he shirt on phil 's wound . he watch louie but do not speak . he 's in shock . suddenly - mac glassman do not make it . peat ) Cup do not make it -- louie do not think about it . mac we be gonna die . 50 louie no we be not ! mac they do not know where we be . louie they 'il find we ... mac ( in panic ) they 'il never see we . louie shut up , Mac ! mac we be go to die and you damn well know it ! louie we be not die . shut up . louie carefully divide the six chocolate bar into small segment . he read the instruction on the packet . louie ( cont 'd ) one square in the morning . one square at night . he give a tin of water to Mac . louie ( cont 'd ) two or three sip a day . a murmur from phil . louie look at he . phil louie . .. louie yeah phil . phil I be glad it 's you . louie I be glad it 's I too . 99 51 ext . raft , pacific ocean - night 99 the three man lie in the raft . the raft peacefully bob . louie still hold the compress to phil 's head . phil 's eye be shut : sleep . a thunk . louie tense . Mac be panicky : mac what be that ? a quiet beat as both man wait , listen . another thunk , and the raft jostle . hand on gunwhale , louie look carefully over the edge . Dark water . hard to see . but a dark shape retreat just under the surface of the water . louie 's eye track it away until it be lose . his look hold out . then he look track something back in : the dark shape , return . as it disappear under the boat , it bump its underside again . 100 52 we fade as he close he eye . under the fade , one last fade - away thunk . .. in black - day # 2 100 a high -pitch whining sound . close on louie eye pop open . it be a bald day . the whining noise be distinguishable as engine noise . louie bolt to a sit position , look up . Blue sky . Far above , a move dot . a plane . louie hey ! he scramble to he foot . louie ( cont 'd ) - . . hey ! he wave : louie ( cont 'd ) - . . hey ! hey ! struck by he own stupidity , he abandon arm -wave and scramble to open the provision pocket on the raft . he toss Mac the dye and he spill it into the water below . phil still sleep . louie come out with the flare gun . he fire up at the dot in the sky . phil awaken to the sound . louie , a hold look , gun at he side , stare up . the plane 's gnat - noise drone on , its course unchange . louie ( cont 'd ) - . . damnit ! down here ! another pop of the flare gun . both Mac and louie wave . but the drine be perceptibly less loud now ; the plane be go away . louie throw the gun down . 53 Mac turn away , look out to sea . louie come up short , look : where he have just flung the flare gun , at he foot -- litter wrapper . he hunch and pick up a tear piece of paper . Printing be on its slick outside . louie stare at the chocolate wrapper . he look up . Mac , he back to we , motionless , resolutely look out . louie . he squat and do a panicky paw through the provision pocket . more wrapper . no chocolate . straighten again . louie ( cont 'd ) + + '' mac. Mac ! his back . no reaction . louie take a step forward . louie ( cont 'd ) what do you do ? Mac can not reply . he look away , out to sea . on he back we hear : mac it do not matter . louie be too shocked to be angry . his tone be almost childlike : louie do not matter ? Mac look so pathetic and helpless . louie want to hit he , but look to phil and decide not to make it worse . instead , he check the tin of water . untouch . louie sit back down . now what ? 101 102 103 104 54 they sit in silence . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day # 3 101 Bright day . the three man wear they shirt like hood cape , protect themselves as best they can from the sun . reality have set in . they will most likely die here . Mac break down cry . no one move or say a word . fade out omitted 102 omitted 103 later - day # 9 104 we find the man a week later - phil : doze , protect as much as he can be by he shirt , but he be red-skinn , lip-chapp . mac_is much worse off from the exposure , skin blister , lip swollen , face peel . suddenly a look from Mac , reacting to : louie . the little mirror be set next to he , point up at the sky . the circle of the mirror be a glaring hot spot . louie 's Pov - the bright sun wash out the image of the albatross fly above . a albatross be just settling -- sit on the lip of the raft to investigate the bob , glaring glass . louie , just next to the bird , be freeze , tense . the bird 's black eye peer . wing fold . claw grip . louie 's hand flash to the bird , grab its leg . " louie okay ! 105 55 Wild activity : flap , writhe , peck : phil close on it . he and louie be a confusion of activity around the bird . louie snap its neck . the large bird be limp . phe man carefully set it down , cautiously withdraw they and . phil okay . louie grab the plier . Mac and phil watch as louie rip the bird open . the man react to a stench from the open bird . they hesitate over the specimen . phil ( cont ’d I do not know if I can do it . another beat . louie reach in . louie we gotta try . louie pass some to Mac who hesitates , still feel the guilt of the chocolate . ext . raft , pacific ocean - minute later 105 the man dry-heave . they ease back into place , eye water . take sip of water sparingly . louie we have to try . pant beat . then phil have a idea : 106 107 56 phil know what ? he lean forward , to the provision pocket , and pull out some line . phil ( cont 'd ) .- +. maybe the fish will not be as picky . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day 106 the raft drift in the vast ocean . too far away to make out detail , but we hear a sudden cry - louie get it ! ext . raft , pacific ocean - day 107 a pilot fish dangle on the end of louie 's line -- ten inch of live food . louie get the hook out , kill the fish , take a bite . then he pass it alon to the other . they do not like it , but they need it , '' they eat . phil this be how the jap eat fish . Raw . louie if you ask I , it 's not food till you cook it . a little garlic . a ittle oil and lemon . when we get home , you come ' round to my house . mama will cook for you . phil remember the Eddie rickenbacker story in life magazine ? him and he crew run out of fuel over the Pacific . they be drift in raft for twenty - four day . louie and they make it , right ? phil they make it . but most of they lose they mind . 108 57 louie we gotta keep we mind sharp . gotta keep talk ... mac_look distress . he look out into the water . louie realize he need to distract he . he need to keep talk . louie ( cont 'd ) you_know what you be really go to love ? mama 's gnocchi . nobod ' make gnocchi like she . so tight , like cloud . she use lot of egg , maybe twelve . the other listen , absorb by the image he conjure up . move away from the raft as he speak , he voice grow fainter as the raft grow smaller . louie ( cont 'd ) first , she make the dough out_of very fine flour . so fine it 's like talcum powder . then she beat up the egg yolk , and she drizzle they over the flour . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day # 18 108 they heat of the sun pound down on the man . the tin of water be all empty . the condition of the three man have drastically change after week at sea . they upper lip be burnt , crack , balloon so dramatically that they almost obscure they nostril . they body be slashed with open crack , after exposure to the element . the man be emaciate . Mac 's breathe be louder , raspier . 58-59 louie pull out the picture of he family . it fill he with deep sadness . he have to put it away before he cry . 60 110 ext . raft , pacific ocean - night 110 louie , Mac and phil be gaze up at the star . louie you_believe God make the star , phil ? phil yes , I do . louie you think there 's some kind of a grand plan ? like why have we live and other do not ? why be we here now ? phil consider . phil here 's the plan . ( beat ) you go on do the best you can . you ry to have some fun along the way then one day it 's over . you e up and there 's a angel sit at the edge of you bed , the angel say , you can ask I all that dumb question now , because I have get the answer . louie that 's what you believe ? phil that 's what I believe . moment pass in silence . Mac stare out into the darkness . 112 113 61 ext . raft , pacific ocean - day # 21 111 30 foot swell . the man be now all in one raft , white knuckling it to hold on and not get toss . the second raft be tie further from they in the distance . phil close he eye in silent prayer . louie ( to the heaven ) if you answer my prayer . +- you_ get I through this ... I swear . -- I will do whatever you want . I will dedicate my life to you . please ... wave of water splash across he face . ext . raft , pacific ocean - twilight 112 the storm rage into the night . the man hold on tight as the raft be sweep up and down on the huge swell . ext . raft -— pacific ocean day # 22 113 drop of water wake louie . as if a answer to he prayer , the heaven open and rain pour down . the man throw back they head , spread they arm , and open they mouth . the rain fall on they . it soothes they skin , wash the salt and sweat from they pore , and slide down they throat . a sensory explosion . 114 62 they pull out the empty tin to collect water . louie and phil : they be be frantically try to slide a pump out of its canvas shea once the pump be clear louie take the sheath and rip one seam open down most of its length . it be now a triangular piece of canvas that dip down to its center where the seam remain intact . it be , in effect , a large bowl . the man hold it open to collect rain , try to stead : themsetves and the receptacle against the toss action of the rarr phil begin to pull in the second raft . later - the man clean , hydrate and silent . each man with he own private thought . ext . raft , pacific ocean - mid day - day # 24 114 the canvas . day later : the canvas receptacle , now dry out and two close water bottle knock around in it . hard sun beat down on it . moment later a small sound ... and a shark appear . louie look down at it . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day 116 finally , the shark come close . louie pounce . he grab its tail , phil grab louie and together they pull the shark out of the water , into the raft . 63 phil and Mac jump on it as it twist and thrashes . louie stab its eye with the screwdriver until the thrashing stop . pant , the three man lie on the dead shark . moment later - phil and louie and Mac eat the shark 's liver . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day - day # 33 118 Burning sun . down to find the raft , the man deteriorate further . full beard , skeletal face . louie be remove phil 's bandage . phil how be it ? louie it stink . but that 's the bandage , not you . he throw the bandage over the side . phil we beat rickenbacker 's record . four day ago . louie you keep count ? they hear a small noise in the water and realize a shark have be draw to the bloody bandage . then , in the distance , they hear a distant plane engine . look up to the sky . there Pov : a move spot in the sky . 64 Mac come to life , see the plane . louie load and fire a flare . phil find the mirror and use it to reflect the sun towards the plane . louie shoot off another flare . the look of all three man travel straight overhead with the plane , which make no acknowledgment . the plane pass , far off , and fade away . a couple of dark shape be rippling up . shark . all three man be look down at the shape in the water when we hear a change in the engine noise . the man 's eye rise back to the plane . it be no longer recede : it be start to turn ... banking . . . return . . . drop in altitude . louie resume wave . as the plane approach it drop , lower , lower . the man wave . just as we see the Red Circle , its gun start fire . Water kick up in a line from each gun , walk toward the raft . the shark - shape wriggle , reacting . the man bail out into the stain water . ext . underwater 119 fizzing bullet - trail cut between the three man fight to stay submerge . the water be a confusion of murky color , flail limb , the sun through the pale yellow of the raft just above . 120 121 65 the bullet and fire noise stop ; the muffle engine noise be recede . Dark shape be approach the man in the water . ext . raft , pacific ocean 120 the plane fly on past . the shark be back , almost on the thrashing body of the man . desperately they haul themselves back into the raft . louie be the first to flop back onto the raft ; he help phil and Mac in ; all panting . they hear the plane again . it 's come back . louie get out ! phil I can not . he 's just too weak to move . louie slide back into the water . bullet shower the ocean around the raft . ext . underwater - continuous - day 121 louie struggle to stay under the raft . we can see the depression of phil and Mac 's body . neither one move . bullet hole pop through the canvas , shoot beam of light through the raft 's shadow . bullet pierce the water throughout the follow sequence : a shark approach louie be shot by a stream of bullet from above . louie see a long cord straying off the end of the raft . he grab it . 123 124 66 ext . raft , pacific ocean - day 123 louie breach , hook he arm over the raft . he climb back in just as the shark come back for another attack . louie phil ! mac! beat . phil speak without move or open he eye - phil if the jap be this bad , we might even win this damn war . Mac move . look round . see the plane have go . then they hear the air hiss out of the raft . Water be fill up the bottom . one raft leave , the other be shot to shit and already completely deflate . louie hunt out the patch kit . the other search out the hole . every time they move another hole be uncover , hiss out air . and all the time the shark be circle . phil grab a air pump , screw it to a valve , and start pump . bubbles push out of bullet hole , louie work on @ pp ying patch , use the edge of the mirror to rough up the rubber round the hole before apply glue and patch . phil keep pump hard . suddenly a shark lunge up out of the water , mouth open , right at louie - a oar sweep past louie 's head , strike the shark back into the water . it 's Mac , come back to life . he beat the shark with fury and power we have not see in he before . Mac go on swinging he oar , whack at the shark . Mac continue hit the shark away as phil push the pump against he chest , inflate the raft . ext . raft , pacific ocean - late afternoon 124 the exhaust man continue with what little energy they have leave . Mac stand ready with he oar . we can see this fight have take a lot out of he . 125 126 67 louie do you see that Mac surprise attack ? damn shark be scared shit . he come down on that thing like a goddamn dive bomber . phil save you skinny ass . we see this mean a great deal to Mac , though he hide it from the other man . louie take over the pump . later - 125 the sun go down over the endless ocean . the man continue to work into the night . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day # 34 - day 126 louie be near the canvas bowl , stretch out . Mac lie with he head on phil 's lap , not move . the three be barely alive , they flesh almost transparent , they bone visible . they speak slowly , not much energy leave . quizzing each other to keep alive . louie 1937 . Baseball . MVP . phil uh.. , the kid from Detroit ... gerhinger . louie Mac . get in the game . he 's try to make out what 's happen with Mac . louie ( cont 'd ) Mac ? 68 no response from Mac : head -down , shoulder rhythmically move with he rasp breath . louie move over to Mac . louie ( cont 'd ) Mac ? mac still here . what you gonna make for breakfast , Zamp ? louie you call . mac you mother 's gnocchi . louie gnocchi for breakfast ? okay . why not ? mac be I gonna die ? after a moment - — louie maybe . mac you think , tonight ? louie maybe . mac yes , sir . I think tonight . louie and phil shuffle they weaken body until they be lie on either side of Mac , they arm round he . louie so you get you dough , and you roll it out ... his voice fade into silence . 127 ext . raft , pacific ocean - sunrise - day # 35 127 quiet at the cut . 128 a130 130 69 Gentle slap of water on the boat . Mac 's body have be laid out face up , in a comfortable position . louie be squatted at the back of the boat , wait . phil be praying as he finish prepare Mac 's body . ext . raft , pacific ocean - moment later 128 both man have hand on the corpse . they shove he off . the boat bob , regain balance . the man seat themselves , grab side of the boat , steadying it , steadying themselves . the body bob in the water . the man , look at it . the body be abruptly grab , somehow , and briefly tow . it disappear into the water . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day 44 a130 louie look at phil . how frail and emaciate he be . he then look up into the heaven . into the cloud . beautiful cloud . it 's almost as if he can hear music . the sound of angel come from the heaven . ext . raft , pacific ocean - day # 47 130 Wide on the raft . Close on louie . face - up , barely conscious , emaciate , sun -daze . bob , sloshing . very quiet . we hold on he for a long time . it be difficult to tell if he be even breathe . a shadow cut he face . louie fight he eye open , fight to focus . Sun and shadow travel in bar across he face . 131 70 his point- of-view , look steeply up : metal hull , top by rail , glide along , travel orizontally across the frame . the sun pour in at we be cut rhythmically by rail - post . louie , look . his point- of-view : the ship continue to slide by . but now : a person at the rail , look down at we . he slip off ; another person . and 's another . sailor , all look down at we . japanese . all hold rifle point at we . louie . he painfully wet he lip . he work he tongue , prepare to speak . then : louie phil . we hear phil 's voice , very weak : phil yeah . louie I get good news and bad news . int . prison cell - day 131 black the sound of a heavy door open . breathe and oof ! as a body be manhandle and flung to the ground . Close on louie : a blindfold be rip away . he be lie on a dirt floor . he blink , look : his point-of-view : low jook 's steeply up at a japanese guard step away the blindfold dan giing from one hand . he go through the door and it be close after he . louie collect himself , get on he hand and knee , and look around the dim and very cramped space . wooden cell . thatched roof . no exterior window . small , close window in the door . hole in the floor : latrine . louie squint at the dirt floor by one of he plant hand : movement . he jerk he hand away . he look closer : wriggle maggot . he press himself into a corner . after a beat : 71 louie phil ? a voice , distant and small , somewhere to the leave : ; phil louie . louie .» . you okay ? phil land feel funny . louie funny , yeah . we hear japanese yell from down the hall , and a door open , a couple of footstep , and a blow . louie , listen to phil take a beat . louie pound at the door . he try to see through the crack but can not . 132 omitted 132 133 134 72 int . cell - dusk 133 louie sit on floor , forearm on knee , hand dangle limply , head sink below shoulder . int . steep on wall - morning 134 a small beam of morning sunlight illuminate the cell wall . louie lift he face into it as if try to escape into the light . he then notice something - scratch into the plank wall , a message : nine marine bring here from makin island august 18 , 1942 under it , nine name . on louie , look up at it . footstep approach . louie 's look go to the door . as the footstep pass without break stride , something be toss through the door 's window : a white , irregular shape , the size of a baseball . it hit the dirt floor and break up . louie quickly reach down , gather piece of rice , with panicky £ finger flick maggot away , and stuff thé food into be mouth 136 137 138 73 omitted 136 int . prison cell - morning 137 Da day later - the jungle be wet with rain . it spill into he 1 . suddenly the door be open and louie be pull out and drag by he neck . ext . kwajaleen jungle - day 138 we hear the chink of silver on china . louie stand in the pour rain , look fixedly off : a table set with linen and heavy with food , be eat by a japanese officer who sit bone dry under a tarp . translator stand by . the Officer slowly , meticulously , ostentatiously , cut he food and eat . he never look up . louie look around to get he bearing . he be surround by tree . at closer look , japanese Soldiers in green uniform stare out from the jungle . no chance for escape . the Officer say something to he plate . translator Colonel would like to know disposition of troop in Hawaii . louie be blank for a moment . louie I , I do not know . translator speak up ! he can not take he eye off the food . louie - + +. I would not know what it be now , have not be there in ... murmuring in japanese . the continue methodical cut and chew . 74 louie see he wallet on the table and the content laid out . the Officer point to a clipping of louie 's racing at the Olympic . another question from the officer , relay : translator be this you ? louie nod . the Officer study he . he say something to the translator in japanese . the only word louie can understand be '' Olympic . '' the man share a look . then the translator ask another question . translator ( cont ’d ) you be a famous Olympic athlete ? something else be say . translator ( cont 'd ) Colonel would like to know , location of radar in E - class , B - 24 . louie we have the old one . d-class . translator you bomba deer ? louie yes . louie hesitates , then ask : louie ( cont 'd ) - . . what happen to the Marines from makin Island ? the translator do not bother to relay this . eat . question from the Officer . translator how you work the nawdn bombsight ? louie you just twist two knob . what happen to the Marines ? when the officer receive the translation , he give two word of instruction . the translator respond by bring pencil and paper to louie . 74 a translator draw nawdn bombsight . louie hesitates for a moment , then move into the tent . he shake off he wet hand before he try to start draw . it 's hard to draw with the drop of water cover the page . the translator have he head cocked , look down over louie 's shoulder . 139 140 141 75 scratch of pencil on paper . offhand , as louie draw : translator ( cont 'd ) they be behead . louie take this in . he continue to draw . ext . kwajaleen jungle - day 139 louie be be lead back to he cell . as he pass phil , also under guard : his tracking , pan point - of-view of phil , look up - quickly lose from sight . louie .» . . I draw a philco radio , knob on the side . the guard shove he from behind . int . prison cell - night 140 Close on louie 's hand finish a message by scratch the wall with he belt buckle : louie zamperini - ditched over pacific - May 1943 message finish he sit back against the opposite wall . he look across the three - foot throw of the room : the nine Marines . his name underneath . he stare at the wall , wonder if he will share they same eat . he see a spider crawl across the wall . int . prison cell - day 141 Three week have pass . louie have be in the cell for a month . we find he in tuck into the corner . his beard have grow longer and he face have go pale . but he seem stronger . he seem focus . he press he face against the cold cell wall . as if try to connect to phil . 142 143 144 76 shout close by : louie brace himself as the door be flung open and a guard scream at he , the same word , over and over . louie , uncomprehend . the guard keep repeat , shouting , now show by gesture that louie be to stand . louie know he be be ask to walk to he death . he refuse . he fight . int . louie 's cell / cell block - kwajalien - day 142 the door open and two guard aggressively attempt to drag he out . louie fight the whole way . finally , they overpower he and force he out . the light be almost blind after day of confinement . ext . kwajalien island - day 143 louie see phil , also be drag , in equally bad shape . they be scared as they be lead out of the cell block . louie still fight , phil seem to be quietly praying as if prepare to die . louie and phil be be tell to stand at attention . the Guards step away . guard Strip ! take off clothes ! louie and phil strip down before Guards hold rifle . the two terrify man fully expect to be execute . louie eye the sword on the mens belt . they be tell to kneel . louie and phil 's heart pump fast . louie hesitates and be take down by a smack to the back of he knee by a wooden stick . after a terrifying moment of silence , suddenly , louie and phil be douse with cold water , shocking they system . soap be place in front of the man and shave equipment and scissors . they begin to wash they frail body . int . ship 's prison - day 144 Close on phil . Wide to reveal this be louie 's Pov from under he blindfold . louie and phil , lay together on the cold floor of a storage room . clean up " put still in the same dirty clothes . after day in solitary confinement , they lay very close to each other . wider still to reveal - forty other pow , bound by rope at the wrist and ankle , sit in the dark with they . no one say a word . 76a 145 a146 77 ext . yokohama port - day 145 Ocean . sunlight . a dock . at it , a substantial ship . look straight down at water . a rough walkway bisect the frame , top to bottom . Men — bound , blindfolded men— descend the gangplank . louie and phil , they hand tie but hold onto each other . the man be be load into canvas- top truck . phil be be pull away . louie and phil hold tight , fight hard not to be separate . close - on they hand rip apart louie be push to one truck , phil to another . louie phil ? phil ? no answer . louie be push into a truck . high angle - the two truck drive off . outside the dock the second truck with phil in it peel off and take a different road . ext . back of truck / tokyo street - day a146 we be travel , inside the truck with the prisoner . the man close to louie be frank tinker , dive bomber pilot and opera singer . Close on louie try to look from under he blindfold . he see a lovely asian woman on a bicycle . louie this be Tokyo right ? tinker must be . louie I make it . tinker you want to come to Tokyo ? louie I sure do . tinker be careful what you wish for mate . 148 149 78 ext . bridge to omori - tokyo BAY - day 148 louie 's Pov from under he blindfold . he see they be drive over a long bridge lead away from Tokyo . ext . omori pow camp - tokyo BAY - day 149 the man be unload from the truck . blindfolds off . omori pow Camp sit on a man-made island in Tokyo Bay : a sandy spit connect to shore by a tenuous thread of bamboo slat , surround by six fence . ashen and gray earth . louie approach oversize wooden gate into the omori compound . grim , lifeless , like the surface of the moon . louie and the other newly arrive pow be line up with the current prisoner , emerge threadbare from they barrack , for roll call , in front of a small office building . the stand by a '' quarantine shed '' - a corrugate carport , roo without wall , completely open to the element . the man be order to stand at attention , in japanese , by the Guards . a bark from a japanese guard . the man stiffen . 79 the door of the office barrack swing open . mutushiro watanabe aka the bird : a distant figure , too far away to distinguish he feature . he be in a enlist man 's uniform : little cap , khakisgreen uniform . he step out_onto the porch , a kendo stick clasped behind he back . he look slowly across the man assemble before he . watanabe good evening , old prisoner . welcome , new hand . this be omori detention camp . he step slowly down off the porch . watanabe take a stroll down the row of man . lateral track over he as he walk along the front row of prisoner . all the man be look down , take care not to meet watanabe 's eye as he pass . reverse lateral track on the Bird be from behind the assemble man , so that he face be obscure by foreground prisoner , or see only in fleeting bit , as he walk along the line . he speak with a strong , confident voice . he clearly be very well educate . the bird I be corporal watanabe . you be enemy of Japan and you will be treat accordingly . he move down the line to louie . louie 's eye be cast down , head lower . but the voice and footstep stop , as the Bird halt , directly in front of he . uneasy quiet . louie 's point of view be of the bottom half of the man halt before he : huge , brutish hand hold a kendo stick . the disembody voice : watanabe look at I . louie look up . for the first time we get a good look at the Bird : handsome face , cold , black stare - the cruelest eye louie 's ever see . Close on the Bird challenging louie . Close on louie , not back down . defiant . 150 151 152 80 the bird you look I in the eye ?! out of nowhere , the Bird 's kendo stick swing into louie 's head , hard , make louie stagger . shock , louie take the it . another blow and the Bird break louie 's nose . the bird ( cont 'd ) look at I ! every prisoner go rigid with fear . louie look up . the Bird swing again , deliver another blow to louie . the bird ( cont 'd ) do not look at I ! don ’t look at I ! beat . louie look at he , enraged and confuse , with he fist clench , restrain himself from hit back , louie lower he eye . the Bird look triumphant . he smile . the bird ( cont 'd ) New prisoner ... you be not dismiss ... you will stand juarantine . '' we can not have disease in the barrack . he exit into the Commander 's office . a guard shout in japanese tell the other soldier to return to they barrack . they do , in a orderly fashion , leave louie and the pow who be tell to head to the quarantine shed . ext . omori pow camp - quarantine shed - night 150 night have fall . louie , still stand under the corrugate roof . he reset he own nose . crack . Fresh blood drip down . ext . omori pow camp / quarantine shed - night 151 later - louie and the pow , be still stand in the cold . the Bird appear on he balcony , finally give the order to the Guards to lead louie and the new pow to they barrack . int . barracks , omori - night 152 the new prisoner stream into a tong : narrow , barrack building . double bunk on either side of a narrow aisle . the old timer be in here , stretch out on they bunk . louie and tinker look on as the Scots , lead by blackie , unload steal goods from everywhere inside they clothing : léng cloth tube down trousers and sleeve be full of sugar , tobacco leave , flour . they stash the plunder in secret compartment behind wooden 's plank . 81 louie can not help but smile a little . blackie give hima look . he do not warm easy to new people . a british soldier , miller , note louie 's bloody bruise . miller I see you have meet the Bird . louie the Bird ? william harris a handsome young Marine , point at louie 's face . louie ( cont 'd ) why d' you call he '' the Bird '' ? harris ( not too loud ) because he listen , and if he hear ussuse the name we would like to call he , he have kill we . 1 miller lth apparently e grow up wealthy spoiled . want to be a officer . expected to be , too . be deny . a great humiliation for he , not make the grade . fitzgerald ( 0.s. ) ( beat ) of course none of this explain the . . . erratic behavior . louie see commander fitzgerald . he be lay down write in he make shift journal . a man with the confidence of the leader that he be . fitzgerald give louie a welcoming smile and nod . louie notice that fitzgerald 's fingernails have be remove . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) they be look for some answer . miller do not get any though do they ? fitzgerald ( smile ) not a thin ( he offer he damage hand to louie ) Commander fitzgerald . 153 155 82 ext . omori barracks — morning 153 louie and the other pow be run into the compound and line up . louie look around for the Bird . he can not see he but he can sense he . he must be lurking in the shadow , watch . not know where he be , be even more unnerve for louie . omori guard enlist man to work . the pow watch as the enlist Men be march out of the compound for work . the man look to the officer . ext . omori - compound - morning 155 later - louie and the pow be force to do calisthenics in the snow . the Bird appear and walk toward the man . he stalk down the line , glance at papers in he hand , look for someone . the bird there be much talent in omori camp . we have a opera singer . who be the opera singer ? tinker raise he hand . the bird ( cont 'd ) we have a cook from the Plaza Hotel , New York . 156 83 the bird ( cont 'd ) and we have a Olympic athlete . who be the Olympic athlete ? he look at louie . he already know . the bird ( cont 'd ) who be the Olympic athlete ? louie 's hand go up . the Bird smile . ext . omori - day 156 the Guards have select one amongst they to race against louie : louie - emaciate and weak - be haul over by two Guards and place beside the running Guard . fitzgerald , tinker , Harris , Miller and the pow watch from the side as a Guard fire he pistol and the race begin . the japanese Guard take off . louie run well at first . the pow pope rise . they watch as he run . but soon he begin to a ack . he try to keep up , but he be too sick , he leg too weak . the Bird study he . louie fall . he fight to stand . fist clench in anger . the japanese runner win the race . the Guards cheer . the Bird , eye on louie , do not smile . he see louie continue to push himself toward the finish line . fitzgerald , tinker and the pow watch in silent resignation , almost embarrassed for louie . the Bird see something else . he see louie 's fight spirit . it bother he . louie cross the finish line . he lay down look up at the sky . relieved . a shadow appear over he . the bird ( 0.c . ) you fail . you be nothing . smack . the bird stick crack across he face . 157 84 int . officer 's barracks - night 157 a body pass by on its way to fitzgerald in the next bunk . it be one of the Scots , who hand something to fitzgerald , who in turn hand something to Harris . Harris then pull some supplies out from a slat in the wall and crouch in the corner of the room trace a map from a newspaper . louie what 's he doin ? fitzgerald he 's trace so we can return it before the jap find out . he have most of the war mapped out . fitzgerald check in with Harris who show he something . fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) to louie ) Americans have take saipan . ally be gain ground . louie watch Harris hide the copy in a slat in the wall . blackie take the newspaper to return it . 160 blé1 85 int . omori barracks - day fitzgerald listen in on Guards speak privately in japanese . ext . omori - day 160 blackie , the Scots and louie use four foot hollow bamboo reed with sharpen edge to steal sugar by lean against the sugar sack , pierce they and let the sugar run into they sock and tie pant leg . ext . omori - day b1l61 louie help steal a newspaper for information . 86 162 87 ext . benjos - omori pow camp - day 162 open-air ; it consist of regularly space hole dig in the ground . whipping wind . louie have a large ladle and two heavy bucket . he be slowly , painfully , dip out the first hole . tinker you know I have to say ... louie please do not . tinker for a bunch of guy that do not eat anything we sure can shit a lot . ( beat ) I think that one 's mine . they all laugh . Miller vomit . 163 164 165 166 88 ext . yard 163 later in the day . louie and fitzgerald be carry two bucket slowly across the yard . the Bird and the other Guards be in geep discussion ( in japanese ) . fitzgerald listen in as he slowly walk past . the Bird notice . he then look at louie who nod and smile as if carry shit be he favorite thing in the world . the Bird just stare . omitted 164 ext . shore 165 we be on the ocean-side of the man-made island that be the camp . a rock with some elevation be the dump point for the sewage . it be slick with spatter sewage of previous day . louie and fitzgerald empty bucket off the edge . louie pause . he look out , into the wind . Ocean . lot of ocean . the pound of wave . int . barracks - dawn 166 smash cut to a japanese guard yell . lead by the Bird , the Guards go through the man 's thing . they find louie 's $ picture and toss it on the floor . not what they be look for . they turn over the bed and rip up the plank . one guard signal to the Bird . he have find something . Harris 's map . the Bird study they . he glance at fitzgerald . his rage grow . Harris be rip from he bed . guard ( to the pow ) stay where you be ! the man continue but they eye be on Harris whose map be throw down in front of he . louie can see the Bird approach Harris and whisper something in he ear . 89 then the Bird take of he belt and pound it into Harris . over and over . the floor and scattered map stain with blood . louie notice kano , a sympathetic japanese guard , watch with a look of concern . louie do not know what to do . he know to move will only make it worse . Close on louie watch . the sound of the beat continue . the Bird look at louie after the beat , challenging he . 188 189 169 170 90 ext . omori barracks - late day 188 louie look at the pow 's as one drop to he knee . the man cry , plead for he life . Broken . int . omori barracks - late day 189 louie turn away from the slit in the bamboo . he lie on he bunk , weaken by beating and hunger . louie I be gonna kill he . fitzgerald then they shoot you . louie I do not give a damn . let ’em shoot I . fitzgerald that 's not how we beat the bastard . we beat he by make it to the end of the war alive . that 's how we do it . that 's we revenge . louie ( consider ) if we can take it we can make it . ; fitzgerald precisely . louie my brother Pete use to say that . he think I could do anything . think I be better than I be . fitzgerald who say you be not ? louie 's face in the shadow . cover by darkness . ext . rock at the shore - late day 169 they have just emptied the bucket when louie 's eye be catch by something . out over the sea : in the distance a battle rage in the sky over Tokyo . ext . the bird office - late day 170 the Bird be at he porch rail , he look out in the distance , same as louie 's , he expression unreadable . 171 90 a int . omori barracks - night 171 the pow be asleep when the guard enter : omori guard keirei ! the pow 's scramble out of they bunk . louie automatically head for the back of the barrack to be hide . the Bird enter . everyone be at attention . he expect to see louie , but can not find he . he then cross straight down the line until he be face to face with louie . he stare . louie will not meet he eye . the bird why be you last at attention !! louie I ... what ? the Bird unbuckle and pull off he webbed belt . the buckle be several inch square , make of heavy brass . the Bird grasp one end with both hand . the Bird swing the belt backward , with the buckle on the loose end , then whip it around himself and forward , as if perform a hammer throw . the buckle ram into louie 's leave ear . the room spin with pain and he go down . louie slowly pull himself upright . the Bird wait for he to steady himsel he then do something surprising and offer he tissue paper for he wound . 172 91 the bird better ? be there compassion in this man ? the bird ( cont ’d why do you make I hit you ? a sense of relief enter louie 's mind just as the buckle , whirling around from the Bird 's swinging arm , strike he head again , exactly where it hit before . louie feel pain burst through he skull , the sound go out and he body go liquid . he smack into the floor . pre - lap voice from next scene you be dead . int . camp office , omori - morning 172 a blur of confuse vision . unidentified voice . radio tokyo man 1 in America they say , Zamperini dead . a blur of face talk to he . radio tokyo man 1 ( cont ’d ) they tell you family you die in war . slowly the image resolve . louie be sit in the Bird 's office , hold onto he bruise head . the two radio man be wear business suit , and seem unconcern by louie 's condition . the Bird sit with they , equally unconcern . radio tokyo man 1 ( cont ’d ) NBC Radio tell America , famous Olympic runner Zamperini be dead . the word sound familiar . like the man at kwajalien . louie take in what they be say , but he do not understand why . he glance up at the bir he want to kill he . radio tokyo man 2 you want to tell family you be not dead ? the Bird see louie 's confusion . he want to be helpful . a174 174 92 the bird this gentleman , they be from Radio Tokyo . radio tokyo man 2 we have program go all over world . it be name 's postman call 's . the Bird cup a hand in front of he mouth as if talk to a microphone , act out what louie can say . the bird hello , mother . you son be call you . mother , I love you . I be alive and well . louie stare at he , not know whether to laugh or scream . ext . omori bridge - day a174 the car drive over the bridge head for Tokyo . ext . radio tokyo build - day 174 the car come down the road to pull up by the Radio Tokyo building . louie I be only say my own word . radio tokyo man 1 of course ! 175 93 japanese producer / host ( v.o. ) hello america ... int . radio tokyo studio - day 175 microphone louie tentatively sit into frame behind the mike . a delicious fruit bowl have be place on the table in front of he . his mouth water . he 's almost mesmerize by it . from off we hear well - modulate japanese speech . louie ook . at another table , a japanese radio host in a suit and slicked - back hair speak into he own microphone . something in he own speech amuse he and he interrupt himself with a chuckle , and then plow on . louie look around , still somewhat disorient . the man at the other table now switch to English : japanese radio host this be ' the postman call 's . today the postman call for Mrs Louise Zamperini of , torrance , California . louie Zamperini be not _miss — and not dead , as erroneously announce by you government ! he be safe and sound with we ! so keep on listen , Mrs. Zamperini , and do not mention it ; the pleasure be all ours ! the man , smile , now nod at louie . a interrogative look from louie : I , now ? the man repeat he nod , more vigorously . louie lean cautiously in to he microphone . he begin tentatively . 94 louie hello mother and Father , sister and friend . this be you louie talk . this be the first time in two year that you will have hear my voice . I be uninjured and in good health . louie close he eye and imagine he family receive this news . 176 ext . ship at naval base , san diego - early morning 176 a ensign run down the ship 's deck to Pete in uniform . Pete take the envelope and open it to read the transcript inside . louie on radio v.o. I be now intern in a Tokyo prisoner of war camp , and be be reate as well as can be expecte under wartime condition . Pete react to the news . 177 int . radio tokyo studio - day 177 louie continue . louie I hope Pete be still able to pay you he weekly visit from San Diego . dad , keep my gun in good condition $ 0 we can go hunt when I get home . get some good rabbit for Mom 's gnocchi sauce . 178 omitted 178 179 int . zamperini home , torrance - night 179 Anthony , Louise , sylvia and virgina have hear the news . they cry tear of joy . 180 181 95 int . radio tokyo studio - day 180 louie with he eye still close imagine he family . louie on radio I wish you a merry Christmas and a happy New Year . you loving son , louie . he open he eye . int . cafeteria , radio tokyo - day 181 louie be eat , eat like he 's never eat before . the omori guard look on . the cafeteria be full of elegant japanese people . mostly business man but a few very elegant beautiful professional woman as well . the Radio Tokyo Men appear , and sit down with he , all smile . radio tokyo man 2 you be good . very good . they put a paper before he . radio tokyo man 2 ( cont ’d ) you can speak on radio again . louie look at the paper . shake he head . louie I can not say this . radio tokyo man 1 why not ? louie it 's not true . I will not . and what you write about America ... I will not say that . we see a_glimpse of defiant young louie . it 's nice to see . the two Radio Men look at each other . they know what to do . radio tokyo man 1 they say that . he gesture to across the room to a table of american man sit in the cafeteria . ( it 's be a tong time since we have see healthy Americans . ) louie can not believe he eye . 96 radio tokyo man 1 ( cont ’d ) american like you . they make broadcast . they live here , very comfortable . good food . one of the pow look up and meet louie 's eye . he see pure anguish there . God know what hell they have be through to agree to this . the silent message they be send he be : do not do this . radio tokyo man 2 they have lovely food . louie feel sick . radio tokyo man 1 you want to go back to camp ? at the think of return to the Bird , louie can hardly speak . louie ( softly ) no. radio tokyo man 1 you make broadcast ? louie can hardly believe he 's make this decision . he look at the speech in the man 's hand . 182 omit 183 ext . omori barracks - late day 183 the gate open . a Guard walk louie into the camp compound . a the man be line up . he walk past they , terrify , toward the Bird . the guard turn he round to face the parade . a second Guard tie louie 's hand behind he back . the bird ( softty ) you be like I . we be both strong . ( more ) 97 the bird ( cont 'd ) beat ) I see it in you eye , the irst day . I think , this man will be my friend . but ... enemy of Japan ... you do not listen . you do not do what be ask of you ... the Bird then address the prisoner . the bird ( cont 'd ) it be necessary to have respect . no respect , no order he turn and point he stick at louie . the bird ( cont 'd ) this man must be teach respect . all other prisoner teach he this lesson . each prisoner will punch this man in he face . louie stare down the line : there 's 220 man out there . then he turn he gaze on the Bird fitzgerald Sir , we can not do that . the Bird scream a order to the guard who hold fitzgerald back . the Bird scream and point . Harris be pull out of the line up and bring to he . the Bird raise he stick and strike . fitzgerald watch in horror . Harris can not possibly take anymore . fitzgerald look at louie . the bird you ! punch he in the face ! fitzgerald step forward . louie brace . the man understand this be all they can do to save Harris . fitzgerald punch louie . the enlisted man come to attention . enlisted man Sir .. louie , full of fear and adrenaline egg he on . ; louie . ; do it ! come on ! get it over with . he step forward and hit louie , pull he punch . the Bird shriek with rage , strike he with he stic the bird hit hard ! again ! hard ! he hit louie again , harder . 184 98 the bird ( cont 'd ) next ! the next man take he place . hesitates . louie ( scream ) come on ! the bird hard ! another blow . the bird ( cont 'd ) next ! the next man , the next blow . soldier Sir ... louie ( yell with a mouth full of blood ) do it ! come on ! louie spit on the soldier . the Bird scream in japanese . another fist in the face . and another . Miller . tinker . blackie . the Bird 's mad passion drive they on . the bird next ! next ! every time he look at louie , there he be , gaze back at he . his face have begin to bleed . his cheek split open . the bird ( cont 'd ) fist in the face . ' next ! 's fist in the face . ' next ! 's ext . omori camp - later - twilight 184 the SUN be setting . the punishment continue . louie , face completely bloody , get punch and pass out . the Bird order the Guards to stand he up and revive he . louie , hold up by the Guards , open he eye . the Bird instruct the pow to punch louie . with tear in he eye , the enlist pow hit louie . 186 99 now louie be droop . the guard have to pull he head up to take the blow . fist in the face . ' next ! 's fist in the face . ' next ! 's at last , louie completely collapse . through blood — dimme eye he see the Bird stand over he , stick raise . the blow descend . blackout . ext . omori barracks - late day 186 snow fall on the barrack . month have pass two pow stand in the new fall snow in stress position . the Bird stand over they . 190 100 ext . omori barracks - day 190 Close on fitzgerald 's '' shocked '' face in make - up . very fellini . tinker be sing up a storm . the soldier be laugh . we reveal they be watch the other soldier perform cinderella in drag . fitzgerald , tinker and the Scots be give grand performance . japanese soldier be also laugh . louie be in the back row in a dark mood . think of the Bird . his eye wander to kano 's gun . the Bird begin pass out candy . 191 101 he walk up and sit next to louie . the Bird smile at louie as if they be simply two man at a bar ; as if they be friend . louie feel like he 's ina strange dream . Harris be seat behind he . he be not the same since the beat . the Bird lean over and whisper in louie 's ear . louie flinch , expect to be hit . the bird I have good news . the Bird know he 's frightening he . he like that . the bird ( cont 'd ) I have have a promotion . that be the good news . the bad news - I say goodbye to my friend . louie look at the Bird with disbelief . the Bird seem to be genuine when he say they be '' friend '' . silence . then - the bird ( cont 'd ) I leave omori tomorrow . he wait for the reaction , but nothing come . the bird ( cont 'd ) you may congratulate I . louie nod . the Bird smile . the play go on to the sound of escalate laughter . ext . omori - day 191 snow fall . the man be line up . the Bird be leave . louie and the other watch the Bird stand at the gate with a group of guard , shaking hand . the gate open , he walk ou and into a wait truck . he be drive away . this monster id that brutalize be suddenly go ... blackie and there he go . just like that . the Guards yell for the enlist Men to get to work . 192 102 int . omori barracks - that night 192 the Scots be laugh and play ( handmade ) card . louie lay in bed . ready for the first good night of sleep in a long while . the man have be give new blanket . 194 195 196 197 103 ext . omori barracks - night 194 Wide of the camp at night . suddenly , the sound of bomber close in . alarm sound and Guards run out of they quarter . int . omori barracks - night 195 a Guard run in and yell for they to come out . louie and the other hurry outside - ext . omori - night 196 the sky be swarm with the light of hundred of fighter prane , american and japanese . it 's a air battle , over Tokyo itself . the Guards come run , and shout at the prisoner . we can hear the drine of airplane , get closer with the continue explosion . ext . barracks , omori - night 197 louie and the other climb up onto the barrack roof . louie gaze up - giant bomber be fly past overhead . tinker b29 ! can not be long now . fitzgerald I would not get too excited ... ( knowingly ) ( more ) 104 fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) if the ally win - the jap issue kill - all order . I overhear they . ( pause ) we win , we be dead . on louie : struggle to figure a way out of this nightmare . bomb be landing close by . one building burst into flame . there be a smolder crater near it . two Guards be frantically work a pump , fill a bucket . the pow wander , look up : silvery underside of b29 head for the gity , 2 rake by searchlight , go through ghostly puff of for the Guards at the pump shout and gesticulate for louie and the other pow to come help . out of the background pandemonium , a whistling noise grow . louie look up , try to place it . as it grow louder : fitzgerald ( cont 'd ) down ! down ! Close on louie , hit the deck , cover he head with he arm . a huge explosion shake the earth . phosphorescence . the light fill the frame - 200 201 a202 202 105 int . barracks - dawn 200 close on louie : his head down , he arm over he head . two hand come in and shake he awake . he turn over in he bunk to see fitzgerald . fitzgerald ( to all grab you kit ! they be move we out . louie to where ? fitzgerald I do not know , some new camp . Tokyo ritz . louie swing he leg out , sit up in he threadbare clothes , look sround with he hand splay empty in he lap , blink . ext . omori gate - morning 201 the gate close behind the officer . Guards yell and move they forward . a devastate Tokyo be beyond the bay . the omori Guards have bayonet in they gun . a column of prisoner be lead away from the camp . Miller be assist Harris , who seem unsure of what be happen . ext . omori bridge - morning a202 Wide shot of the man march across the bridge . ext . tokyo STREET - day 202 the man be lead through the mostly bomb - out , burn - out street . what house be leave be damage , smoking . a203 203 204 205 206 106 there be sheet cover the many body that litter the ground . the victim stare at the pow . they eye deeply sad and haunt from the horror . louie and a woman lock eye . he can feel she pain . ext . bombed landscape —- day a203 the cold wind blow through a barren , bomb - out landscape . the pan across speed up as we pull back into - int . moving boxcar - day 203 louie 's Pov - Inside a small dark boxcar , only a small slice of light stream through the wooden slat . louie and the other rock with the motion of the train , gaze out between the slat . ext . railway - dusk 204 a train carry louie and the other northwest , through the landscape . ext . naoetsu railway station - morning 205 naoetsu be a seaside village on the West Coast of Japan . snow pile , high as 5 foot , shock some of the mensa they exit the train with they belonging and begin the mile walk to the pow camp . ext . naoetsu - day 206 the prisoner be march across the work camp . camp 4 - B be fifty meter square , cover in snow . it 's brutally cold . the naoetsu_camp be a shamble of shack , poorly construct , uninhabitable , compare to omori. 300 pow 's . most be aussies who look like stick figure . some , like louie , still wear the tropical weight khakis they have wear when capture . starve . unable to speak and work the coal barge . this camp be worse than omori . hey be cover in black soot . even they breath in the air have tinge of black . 207 107 ext . naoetsu pow camp - camp 4 - B - day 207 louie and the new arrival trudge into the compound and be line up in front of a shack . they be tell to stand at attention by Guards with rifle . freeze , louie , fitzgerald , tinker and the new pow wait . the wind from the sea whip around they face . at last the door to a rusty , corrugate shack by the main gate open . a japanese commander step out : guard keirei ! louie see the commander and he knee buckle . tinker must lean against he to hold he up louie be at_his lowest point : if he have a gun , he would shoot himself right there . we discover the naoetsu Camp Commander be : the bird . he smile like a child at Christmas as he step out onto the icy ground . beside the Bird be he henchman hiroaki kono . Wire rim glass , gold tooth and a pirate smile . the bird this be naoetsu prison Camp . I be sergeant watanabe . I be you commanding officer . you be prisoner of the Imperial japanese armed force . 208 108 the bird ( cont 'd ) you will help the japanese by work on the coal arge . any one who will not work , will ab execute ... the Men be stunne . this be far worse than omori . by this point the Bird be face to face with louie . louie can not look he in the eye . the Bird whisper like a friend : the bird ( cont ’d ) why do not you look I in the eye ? louie can not . the Bird study he , then hit he twice as tinker hold he up . int . naoetsu barracks - day 208 louie , tinker , fitzgerald , Miller , Harris and other pow enter they two story barrack , on the edge of a cliff overlook a straight drop to the hokura River . the sea wind whistle through the crack in the wall . hole in the roof make it snow indoors . infested with fleas , lice , and rat trot about the room . bed be plank nail to the wa ss. 209 109 mattress be loose rice straw . floorboard have be pull up for fire wood , create huge gap in the floor . clift , a aussie pow lead the way . clift this be the end mate . no one know we be here . best just to resign to you fate . ext . coal barge on riverbank - naoetsu - day 209 a barge heape with coal for the steel mill . six of the pow have shovel . the Bird and kono oversee the Guards order the pow to shovel the coal into large basket that be strapped to the back of other pow , include louie . louie notice how shaky the plank be they be force to carry the coal up . louie haul the heavy coal_up the plank to a railroad car , along with fitzgerald and tinker . 210 211 110 ext . naoetsu - day 210 day later . ant . from a distance , all the pow look like ant . it 's hard to find louie , and the other , as everyone be so cover in coal they have lose they identity . we find they carry sack of coal up the side of the cliff . louie look down . the stair be narrow and they be 50 foot above the ground . the sack of coal weigh heavy on louie . sweat pour down he face , streaking through the layer of soot . the line slow . louie look ahead . a pow , a few man forward be collapse . he drop to he knee . the weight of the coal pull he off the stair and he fall to he death . louie , fitzgerald and the other continue on as if nothing have happen . they be numb . ext . coal barge - naoetsu - morning 211 the hot sun rise over naoetsu . the round red ball of the japanese flag . month have pass . sweat streak through the black coal matte to the man 's face . a empty barge be be tow out_to the open water as another , pile high , be be pull in and tie up by the man . shovel in to coal . coal into basket . same old routine . suddenly - . , naoetsu guard keireil ! the pows stand at attention . the Bird step forward . the bird you President Roosevelt be dead . the Bird watch the news sink in . he then turn and walk away . louie have no reaction . he be empty inside . 212 213 214 215 111 the man be still . Silent . one man fall to he knee and weep . no one go to he . no one move . all we hear be the sound of one man weep . ext . barge - riverbank / naoetsu - week later - day 212 the sun be hot . louie work among the other pow carry basket of coal strapped to they back , up to the railroad car . the ramp to the railroad car be perilous . the basket be heavy and make louie top heavy , throw off he balance . louie be weak , as he make he way up the ramp , a Guard be make he way down . as they pass each other , he push into louie , cause he to fall over the side , some five foot down . one of louie 's leg hit the ground before the other , cause a tear sensation , then scorching pain in he ankle and knee . louie see the Bird some 15 foot away look off into the distance . he know this be he order . louie feel he leg . he realize what have happen . know he will never run the same again . he dream be over . he bow he head and weep . ext . naoetsu pow camp - dusk 213 as the man return from work , ghost cover in black coal , the Bird watch louie limp . int . naoetsu barracks - night 214 the man be quiet tonight . louie most of all . he lay on he bed with he ankle elevate on a old blanket . tinker louie ? louie do not answer . tinker ( cont 'd ) louie ? you alright ? still nothing . louie be dead inside . ext . naoetsu pow camp —- day 215 the sun beat down as_ the man work . the Bird watch louie . he watch he struggle and sweat . finally , he watch he sit and rest he leg . he rush over . 216 112 the bird stand up ! stand up ! ext . naoetsu pow camp —- day 216 the Bird lead louie , out into the open compound , with kono in the rear . tinker , Miller , clift , fitzgerald and the pow watch . worried for louie . the Bird suddenly stop when he see : a six foot long cherry wood plank lay on the ground . he order louie . the bird pick up ! lift high . over you head . you stand ! you stand with this ! lift high ! louie lean down to the plank . before he pick it up he lower he head , face toward the ground and breathes deeply . just like he do before every race . he center himself . barely able to keep himself up , louie 's arm quiver as he lift 's the beam above he head . the bird ( cont 'd ) ( to kono in japanese ) if the prisoner lower he arm , shoot he . the Bird walk to a nearby shack , climb up on top of it 's roof and sit to watch louie . he be enjoy himself . the sun blaze . louie blister in the heat , hold the wooden beam above he head . tinker , Miller and the pow watch from a distance . helpless . louie be shaking . the plank be heavy . only hatred give he strength . fitzgerald look across at the camp clock . 3:15 . on louie - sweating . his once athletic body now emaciate and wounded ; barely up to the task . up to the beam - waver , but not drop . on the bird - smoke , smile , watch . pow 's be be prodd to keep work . 217 218 219 113 Minutes pass . finally , slowly , louie look up . 217 he look at the Bird . fitzgerald react . Close on louie after year under the cruel punishment of this man -- louie finally look directly at he . he see he as if for the first time . his eye lock on the Bird 's face . the Bird meet he stare . defiant , louie keep the plank above he . one by one the pow 's and Guards stop and stare . minute pass - — 218 louie feel the sun come across he face . he feel not the heat but the warmth . the light . he feel he own spirit rise . he transcend . louie 's face change before we eye . still look at the Bird , he can see through the monster . the Bird can feel it . he be take aback . furious . he feel expose . human . we remain close on louie and the Bird through this deep exchange . all the man in the camp be watch . Close on they face . louie 's fight be they own . they see he strength and they spirit rise . even blackie begin to smile . wide - a space round where louie stand in the sun , the beam above he head . the camp clock . 3:40 . the Bird be no longer smile . his black eye rivete on louie . louie have broken the bird . Minutes later - on louie - eyelid droop . shudder . 219 still , he hold up the plank . louie 's eye go in and out of focus . he see : the Bird can not take it anymore . angry , he jump down off the roof and charge towards he in a fury . the Bird reach louie , who be still hold up the beam . the Bird feel beat . 220 114 he ram he fist into louie 's stomach , cause louie to fall , drop the beam on top of he . the pow be dumbfounded . no noise . Long quiet . the Bird smashes louie with the kendo stick . many blow . no sound except for the sound of the blow , and effort from the Bird . louie be on the ground . the blow continue . quickly intercut : sun track through leave . falling blow . long intercut of sun , a travel shot , beginning now to tip down to become a push along the road in Hawaii . phe Bird , spittle fly out , beat louie . he begin to 1ick . louie , kick . running in Hawaii . heavy breathe . more beat . heavy breathe continue — same sound , but now it be the Bird , gasp as the beat continue . heavy breathe — a runner 's . we be push forward again in Hawaii . we push through a break in the foliage : we have reach the ocean . warm sun . pound surf . pant . the yard . pant . from the Bird . a last kick . High shot : the Bird stand over louie 's body , panting . after a beat look down at the body , the Bird seem to come toa stop . he look up from louie to the crowd of Soldiers and Guards , realize where he be . the bird ( cont 'd ) prisoner to barrack . now . the Guards move the man . omitted 220 115 221 ext . yard 221 High look down . louie 's body in the mud . 223 omitted 223 224 a225 116 ext . naoetsu barracks - day 224 Close up - kono keirei ! something be noticeably different about kono and the Guards . they seem shake . less arrogant . anxious . louie , tinker , fitzgerald and the hundred of pow have be line up as kono make a announcement . kono ( cont ’d ) prisoner of naoetsu . the war have come to a point of cessation . they pow remain silent , suspect a trick . a suspicious silence hang in the air . kono ( cont ’d today , in the spirit of a new future for we great nation , we invite all prisoner to bathe in the hokura River . louie and he group see : the armed Guards open the gate and wait to escort the pow to the river . the Guards use they rifle with bayonet to usher the man along . tinker ( under he breath this be it . we be dea louie and the other believe tinker be right . most of the pow start to exit . the Guards usher louie and he gang , who have no choice . they be lead towards the tunnel . ext./ int . -— tunnel - day a225 the man be be lead through the dark tunnel . louie look at the face of the other man . 225 117 ext . hill / riverbank / hokura river - day 225 a few pow hike down to the river , break from they line , begin take off they clothes and run into the water . louie slowly peel off he clothing , as he watch : the Guards stand with they gun . they look menace at the pow in the river . they hand grip they rifle . louie wade into the river near tinker and fitzgerald . pow scattered throughout the river be bathing as the Guards stand on the riverbank with they rifle . but tittle by little , the pow throughout the river start to question this '' gift of the river bath '' . one by one , they stop scrubbing or bathing ... touch the arm of the pow next to they , to take notice of the Guards stand with they rifle , stare at they in the river . silence . louie , fitzgerald , tinker , Miller , Harris and the pow stand motionless in the river , all eyé focus on the Guards stare at they with malevolent intent . then they hear it : Guards and pow alike . it be the growl of a distant aircraft engine . they all turn to the sky : pow see nothing at first in the overcast sky : then , burst through the cloud : a torpedo bomber in the distance . louie stand to face the on-come bomber , brace himself to die . tinker , fitzgerald and Miller also brace themselves . as the pow and the Guards watch , the bomber dive , level off , skim over the water . louie and the pow can see inside the plane : the Pilot be stand . and on each side of the fuselage , under the wing , a broad white STAR . it be a american bomber . the plane 's red light be blink a message in morse code . fitzgerald near louie can read the code message . he cry : fitzgerald the war be over ... it 's really over . aa226 a226 226 118 the news spread throughout the river to every pow . some shout . some break down . some stand in disbelief . the japanese Guards shrink back as the pow , lowering they rifle and bayonet as ... blackie and the Scots jump on each other . wrestling into the water . tinker , fitzgerald , and Miller shout with relief and tear . Harris be slow to completely understand what have happen . a smile spread across he break face . louie stand , paralyze . he do not know how to react . he sink to he knee in the water . he cover he face . he make it . he survive . he jay back in the water and open he arm just like every finish line . Victory . ext . naoetsu pow camp - the following day ba226 a package be drop from the sky , burst open with can of peach . wide to see a message to the american plane , spell out in lime on the ground . it read : '' drop here '' . camera pan the enormous amount of food and supplies previous plane have drop . the man feast on the goods . the scot collect and eat food . pocket full . a time magazine be find in the care package . its cover be the hiroshima mushroom cloud . they study it . Silent . fitagerald , Miller , tinker and clift ( see he clean for the first time ) share a smoke . louie be nowhere to be find . ext . the bird 's office - naoetsu - day a226 Wide of the cement tower to the Bird 's office . the small figure of louie climb the step . int . the bird be office - naoetsu - day 226 the sound of footstep . the door open . louie carefully , slowly enter the room . 227 228 118a it_look as if the Bird leave in a hurry . most of he belonging be go but among the few item that remain be a family photo . give we a clue into the monster . a image of he as a young , innocent boy with he strong , military - leader father . along the wall be he kendo stick . the enemy escape . louie allow this to all sink in . omitted 227 omitted 228 229 231 119 omitted 229 ext . long beach airport - day 231 Close on - louie kissing the ground . ( possibly the shadow of a b24 bomber over he . ) louie stand up and look at the sea of people and press . burst through the crowd be Louise gfota wear louie 's airman 's wing pin ) , Anthony , Pete , via and Virginia . pete louie ! Louise burst into tear . louie run directly to she and enfold she in he arm . Anthony wrap he arm around they both . louie , Anthony and Louise with they arm around each other , not move , not let go . there be tear in louie 's eye . 120 louie Cara mamma mia . louie look over at Pete . they share a smile . fade into a black and white bhoto of the real louie with he family the moment he returne card one in 1946 louie Zamperini meet and marry he beloved Cynthia applewhite . they have a daughter , cissy , and a son , luke . card two Lt. Russell " phil " Phillips survive the war and marry he sweetheart , cecy . he and louie remain friend long after the war . card three mutsuhiro watanabe , " the Bird , " remain in hide for several year as a war criminal until he be grant amnesty by the U.S. in its effort to reconcile with Japan . card four after year of severe post - traumatic stress , louie make good on he promise to serve God , a decision he credit with save he life . card five motivate by he faith , louie come to see that the way forward be not revenge , but forgiveness . card six he return to Japan , where he find and make peace with he former captor . only the Bird refuse to meet he . fade in - 233 121 ext . naoetsu , japan - day 233 the sound of cheer voice , car , tramping foot . on screen it read - louie finally realized he dream , and ran again in the olympics . the shot develop to find the road that run past the old camp . it 's line with people , wrap up against the cold , smile and cheer . Cars appear between the cheer people . one carry a tv crew . and there in the road , in run gear , be 80 - year - old Lou Zamperini . louie zamperini lope over the snow , Olympic torch hold high , beam all over he face . on screen : at age 80 . in japan . smiling and cheer beautiful japanese face surround he . 122 louie smile and wave at the japanese people smile and cheer he on . the beautiful face of the japanese child . Unity and love . the true undy spirit of the Olympic . the true undy spirit of Louis Zamperini ; run smile , joyful . unbroken .