unbreakable october.eighth.ninety-nine write by m.night.shyamalan int . clothing store - afternoon woman 's casual wear department . j.c. penny . legend " 1961 " a African - american man carry two j.c. penny shopping bag be ushere past the department store manager and security guard on walky that have gather at the entrance to the woman 's dress room . CUT to : int . dressing room - afternoon a bed have be form by a chair and three bench . a striking african - american woman in she twenty lay across it . her face and clothes be cover in sweat . her skirt be stain . she hold something wrap in a soft sweatshirt on she chest . we can not see it , but we hear the baby crying . she 's just give birth . there be three frazzle saleswoman in the dress room with she . they watch she with quiet smile . a fourth saleswoman arrive ushere in the man with the shopping bag . saleswoman this be Mr. mathison . he 's a doctor . dr . mathison look over the scene and then directly at the strike woman . dr . mathison you okay ? the woman nod , " yes . " sweat trickle down she face . the baby piercing cry echo in the SMALL room . saleswoman a ambulance be on the way . Dr. mathison put down he shopping bag and move to she . he kneel down and gesture for the bundle of sweatshirt in she arm . dr . mathison be there a name yet ? beat . the woman smile for the first time . woman elijah . she hand he the wrap child . we can not see the baby , but the piercing cry seem to get louder . woman be he suppose to be cry like that ? the doctor lower the baby to he lap and unwrap he . the woman can not see she baby anymore . she watch Dr. mathison as he look down and examine she child . beat . Dr. mathison do not look up for the longest time . woman can I have he back ? the baby crying be relentless . unnerving . beat . the doctor finally glance up . he look shake . he make eye contact with the woman for only a second . it 's enough . a chill go through she body . he look to the three saleswoman who be in the room . dr . mathison what happen during the delivery ? his hard stare unsettle the woman . the older saleswoman speak up . older saleswoman nothing . it be very quick . the baby just want to come right out . there be no problem . dr . mathison do you drop he ? everyone become very still . the mother look like she stop breathe . the baby scream engulf the room . dr . mathison do you drop this baby ? beat . older saleswoman Jesus Christ , no . the baby scream . the doctor whisper something to himself , we can not hear . he look up to the saleswoman who bring he in . dr . mathison please inform the ambulance we have a situation ... Dr. mathison turn back to the mother . beat . dr . mathison I have never see this ... it appear you infant sustained some fracture while in you uterus . ( beat ) his arm and leg be break . fade to black : ext . train station new jersey - day legend " present day " a fountain of humanity bubbles up from the escalator to the train platform . businessman take they last desperate drag of they cigarettes ... woman travel with child herd they luggage and offspring into tight shape as they move ... College student with backpack look around daze at the various track number . announcer ( o.s . ) last call track three , amtrak clocker make it 's final stop at Philadelphia 's thirtieth street station . first two passenger car only . first two car only . a face inside the train watch the stream of passenger emerge from the escalator . david dunne , a man in he early forty , rest he temple against the glass and quietly observe the movement outside . the train start to pull out . CUT to : int . passenger car - day David sit with he coat on he lap . he 's wear a tie . he do not look very comfortable in it . he feel a stare . he look up to find a girl , six or seven year old , peer at he from over the seat in front of he . she just gaze at he blankly . he give she a small force smile . she do not react . David return he head to the window . his eye begin to shut with the lulling movement of the train . woman ( o.s . ) you alone ? David look in the direction of the voice . a woman with dark hair and light blue eye stand in the aisle with two bag over she shoulder . she 's wear a tight white t-shirt and jeans . she 's beautiful . David nod " yes . " the woman start put she bag on the shelf above the seat . she stretch to get they up . her tone stomach be expose . she have a silver ring pierce through she navel . David have a gold ring on he hand . he fiddle with it . beat . he gently slip off he wedding band . it go into he coat pocket . the woman take the seat next to he . beat . a loud violent burst of SOUND . the passenger car shake as a pass train barrel by two foot from David 's window . it pass in a few second . the car return to a quiet hum . David pull a magazine out from the seat pocket in front of he . he hold the woman 's fashion magazine out . david someone leave this . you want one ? the woman look over the one be offer and then point to the Sports illustrate peek out of the seat pocket . David pull the magazine out and give it to she . david you like sport ? woman it 's my field . I represent athlete . I be a agent . david what a coincidence ? I be a male synchronize swimmer and I be look for representation . woman ( smile ) be that right ? david but I be afraid of water , so that 's be hold my career back a little bit . the woman laugh . david you represent someone in Philadelphia ? woman I be meeting a player from Temple University . he 's a cornerback . you like football ? beat . david not really . woman this kid be six foot two , two hundred and forty pound . he run the fifty in under six second . he 's go to be a God . beat . David study the excitement in she eye . another loud violent burst of SOUND . David wait till the oppose train pass . the woman go back to she magazine . beat . david I be David dunne . the woman look up . woman Kelly . she go back to the magazine . beat . david how long be you stay in Philly ? kelly look up from she Sports illustrate . her strike blue eye gaze at David . beat . she hold up she hand . tap the diamond ring on she finger . kelly ( soft ) I be marry . david ( fake excitement ) great . beat . kelly sorry . david ( fake confusion ) what be you talk about ? a awkward silence . david I think you get the wrong idea . the woman stare at David . she look down . beat . close the magazine . kelly I be go to find another seat . Kelly get up . she balance herself against a headrest as the train rumble . she start to the back of the car . David sit alone . he look like he 's drown , but there 's no water . he feel a stare . he glance up . the little girl spy on he from between the seat . David lean towards the window to avoid eye contact . his hand reach into he coat and slide out he wedding band . he put it back on . his temple touch the glass . the vibration of the train begin to lull he eye close ... beat . David 's head bounce lightly against the window . the shaking of the glass never allow David 's eye to completely close . he sit up when he realize the shaking be get stronger . he look out the window . the scenery blur as it fly by . beat . David turn . some of the other passenger start to react as they realize the train be pick up speed . the normal bump of the track become amplify . the worried voice of the traveler start fill the cabin . the train go faster . and then the high pitched metal on metal screeching start as the train begins to take a curve . David 's eye move to the seat in front of he . the little girl be no longer watch he . david look to the passengers across from he . he see the ground slowly drop away in the window behind they as there side of the train start to rise ... the passengers scream as the amtrak passenger train begins to tilt off the track ... CUT to : int . family room - afternoon a boy , age ten , sit on he head on the family couch and watch television upside down . his floppy brown hair spread out in a circle in front of he red face . he change channel with a remote control . he move past the upside down cartoon and the upside down talk show . he stop on a upside down picture of a crash train . beat . his knee come forward as he flip over . he tumble slowly off the couch and onto the carpet . jeremy dunne gaze at the television screen ... a live aerial view of a train wreck smouldering below be see . two train be tangle like snake . Jeremy get up and move to a small table with a phone . next to the phone be a notepad . on it be write ... " dad - amtrak 177 - 3:40 pm . " Jeremy look at the television . at the bottom of the screen in red block letter that move from right to leave be word and number ... " the 3:40 amtrak 177 have derail ... amtrak emergency number be 1-800-777-4322 ... the 3:40 amtrak 177 have derail ... amtrak " Jeremy do not take he eye off the screen . he make a small desperate noise that no one hear . CUT to : int . physical therapy CENTER - late afternoon a elderly woman can not hold back any longer and scream . a embarrassed , torture helpless scream . megan dunne continue apply pressure to she arm which be be push back as far as it will go . she count to three and ease off . she lay she arm back in she lap . we be in a physical therapy CENTER . about a dozen people be on specialize weight machine . the elderly woman be seat on a exercise table and breathes slowly . megan you okay , Virginia ? beat . virginia shake she head , " no . " megan I will put something on the t.v. maybe we will find some almost naked guy to inspire you . megan reach up to the t.v. monitor mount on the wall . she turn it on and start flipping channel . she stop on espn where a swim meet be underway . Men in bikini swimsuit line the edge of the pool . Virginia start watch with great interest . megan 's eye move to the tiny print move across the bottom of the screen . her face go still as she read the train number ... 177 . CUT to : int . emergency room - afternoon david dunne's eye slowly OPEN . the dull white of the overhead tube lighting blind he at first . he blink he vision back . he realize he 's in a bed . we hear agitate voice , movement . David look around . he 's in a emergency room . there be a half dozen prep area and bed next to he . they be all empty . david follows the urgent sound of activity to a prep area directly across from he . he can only see glimpsis of activity through the draw curtain . a group of emergency room personnel be treat a man whose body be twitching violently on a gurney . one of the group be a man who glance through the open in the curtain . he notice David sit up from across the room . the man in scrub leave the group and walk over . man in scrub how be you feel ? david okay . he flash a light in David 's eye . man in scrub you be in the emergency room of the University of Pennsylvania Hospital . you be in a serious accident . ( beat ) how 's you vision ? david Fine . David stare across as the scene with the other patient become more frantic and disturbing . man in scrub where be you sit on the train ? david against a window . man in scrub in the passenger car ? david yes . where be the rest of the passenger ? man in scrub be you family travel with you ? david no . man in scrub do you get up from you seat ? david no . David watch the other patient . man in scrub you be certain you be in the passenger car ? David turn to the man . david yes ... why be you look at I like that ? beat . man in scrub you train derail ... some kind of malfunction ... it take a curve way to fast . a second train collide with yours after it derail . the debris be spread over one mile . it 's unbelievable they say . ( beat ) they only find two people alive so far ... you and he . David look to the other passenger now lay unnaturally still in the desperate whirlwind of activity around he . man in scrub the man 's skull be crack open and most of he leave side be crush . beat . man in scrub and to answer you question , there be two reason why I be look at you like this . David turn and stare at the man . man in scrub one , because it seem , in a few minute , you will officially be the only survivor of this train wreck . ( beat ) and two , because you do not have a scratch on you . you do not break one bone . CUT to : int . emergency reception area - evening David move through the depress milky corridor of the hospital . he open a set of double door . a room cramme with camera and photographer explode with movement . a child voice break there noise . jeremy I tell you ! Jeremy dunne push forward through the mob of people and camera . he burst out and run to David . he wrap he arm around David 's waist . David just stand there , aware that the camera be catch it all . he 's overwhelm . Hospital staff and a couple police officer push the media back . Jeremy tug David to lean down . he do . jeremy they think everybody on the train die . David look at he son 's face . wipe the tear on he cheek . jeremy I tell they they be wrong . a woman move to they . David stand up and face megan dunne . jeremy Mom even cry . David look at megan 's eye . jeremy a lot . megan look away . megan not a lot . they stand there for a moment . David look shake . Jeremy take hold of he hand . jeremy let 's go home . megan nod . they move to the exit . the pack of camera and reporter burst to life as they leave the building . they jockey for position to get a last glimpse of David dunne . CUT to : int . kitchen - night David eat a bowl of pasta alone in a modest kitchen . he stare at he hand . open and close it slowly . beat . he rise and put the bowl away in the sink . int . front hall - night David stop just before rise the stair . he glance into a bedroom at the bottom of the stair . the doorway be half open . he make eye contact with he wife . beat . david I do not think I get the job in New York . megan what do that mean ? david I be still go to New York . just not this second . megan I do not want to drag this out too long for Jeremy . david I know . beat . david how about in the meantime , you do not sleep in the guestroom anymore ? ( beat ) you sleep in we room . I will sleep down here . beat . megan it stop be we room a long time ago . ( beat ) you should go up and get some rest . beat . megan slowly close the door to the guest bedroom . CUT to : int . bedroom - night David look at he son asleep in he bed . david Jeremy , why do not you go sleep with you mom ? jeremy ( eye close ) I want to sleep here tonight . david I think it 's be better if I be alone . jeremy ( eye close ) I will not make any noise . david how about you room then ? if you get scared like before , you can come back in here ? beat . Jeremy do not answer because he 's asleep . David rub he forehead and get up . he turn on the t.v. , low volume , as he move into the bathroom . CUT to : int . bathroom - night hot water rush over David 's face as he stand in the shower . his attention be draw to the t.v. which be see through the slightly open bathroom door . he turn off the water to hear . news anchor ( t.v. ) ... derail approximately seven and half mile outside Philadelphia . it come to rest on its side on the northbound track . it be train official belief that some if not most of the passenger be still alive at this time . news anchor ( t.v. ) the momentary peace last only a few second . a Boston bound freight train on the northbound track be second away from pass train 177 when it derail . the impact happen at about three - fifteen p.m . the first of the two occupy passenger car be severe in half and send careen in two direction . the second of the passenger car be crush and drag for four hundred foot . six crew member be on the freight . one hundred and eighteen passenger and seven crew member be on the passenger train ... there be one report survivor . ( beat ) rescue team will be work for the next forty - eight hour remove body and debris . David step out of the shower . he see a glimpse of Jeremy asleep in bed . David shut the door . lock it . he get back into the shower and turn the water back on . he close he eye . his face tighten up . he slowly hunch down and take a seat on the tile floor of the shower . Water pour over he . beat . his muscular body begin to shake . then we realize he 's cry . fade to black : ext . fair - day legend " 1969 " a hazy afternoon . a fair have come into town . they have set up in the vast parking lot of the local high school . a line of woman have form in front of the portable bathroom . the strike African american woman we see give birth be now stand in line . she be older and somehow more beautiful . she stand with a skinny , almost ethereal look African american boy . the boy wear a metal brace on he leg . the EIGHT year old elijah hold two oversize stuff animal in he arm . he look back over he shoulder as the SOUND of voice yelling in excitement fill the AIR . his eye dance over the many colorful ride in the parking lot . the door open to one of the portable bathroom . a woman step out . elijah 's mother touch he head and enter the three foot square plastic bathroom . she turn back and give he a look . mother we will play the water pistol game next . elijah nod , " yes " happily . the mother close the cubicle door . elijah be leave alone amongst the line of woman . they stare at he blankly . they eye move over he leg brace . elijah do not like it . he move away from the line . a crescendo of cheer rise in the AIR from somewhere in the fair . elijah follow the voice . he carry the stuff animal through the crowd of people . click . click . click . his metal brace sound as he walk . for a moment , he see nothing but body all around he . he emerge amongst a huddle of teenager who wait at a turnstile . a man in a red and white stripe coat take they ticket and wave they in . elijah look up and see the sign above the turnstile ... " the Hurricane . " he watch the teenager giggle as they each into a grey cup - like seat . they pull the metal bar down in front of they . the man in the red and white stripe leave the turnstile . elijah stare up at the multi-color sign . beat . he move quickly . duck under the turnstile and climb onto the platform . elijah find and empty circular seat . he slip inside the gray metal compartment and sit . he pull down the rusted metal bar in front of he . he look around at all the excited face . his eye fill with excitement too . his small hand feel the cold metal of the interior of the compartment . his expression change . elijah look to the stuff animal in he arm . he press they to check they softness . he place the stuff animal on either side of he on the seat . he 's wedge in between they . feel good . he reach out and touch the hard rusted metal bar in front of he . elijah look a little anxious . beat . he pull off he sweater and wrap it around the bar . it go around twice before he tie the arm together . he check its softness . elijah look around the customize cup - like compartment he sit in . he smile a eight year old smile of pride . and then he hear he mother' voice . he search around and find she walk in the wave of people . he hear she call . mother elijah ... she move in he direction by chance . she find herself at the entrance to the Hurricane ride . she look up at the sign above the turnstile . her worried eye immediately start search the young face in the gray circular compartment . her eye meet elijah 's . he wave . her face go very still . a huge roar of machinery as the ride start up . elijah yell to he mother as the platform start run . elijah I will not get hurt momma ! I be safe ! he word get eaten up by the cheer of the teenager and the grind of machinery . the platform spin . he see a glimpse of he mother and the red and white stripe man . she 's point at elijah . the platform turn ... elijah see a flash of the red and white stripe man 's angere face as he yell at the frantic woman next to he . and then the ride speed up . the gray circular seat start to spin on they own . the teenager cheer . elijah 's eye fill with joy as the wind play against he face . suddenly the ride change direction . the cup - like seat get jerk . everyone grab the metal bar to hold on . elijah laugh as he smashes into the stuff animal on he right . it cushion he and then fall to the floor of the compartment along with the other stuff animal . elijah 's expression become tense as he compartment spin . his hand slide over the rusted metal bar as the sweater unravel . elijah look around ... a sudden panic enter he eye . the blurring image of he mother now in a group of red and white stripe men . the SOUND of machinery grinding be heard as the ride change direction suddenly . elijah 's hand rip away from the bar as he get throw to the side of the compartment . his shoulder and arm take the brunt of the impact . we hear something crack . teenager scream in excitement . elijah join they with scream of he own . the ride spin its passenger . elijah 's small face look up at the swirl cloud in a mixture of agony and terror . the ride change direction . elijah be thrust forward . he hit the rusted metal bar square against he chest . we hear more crack . the world spin . giggles and yell fill the air . elijah slump down onto the floor of the compartment . and then finally , the grind of the machinery slow and then come to a gradual stop . the teenager moan . elijah be face directly up at the sky . the cloud now move slowly over he . we hear commotion . agitate voice . he mother' desperate voice . mother ( o.s . ) his bone ... he 's not well ... her voice get louder as she move closer to the platform . mother ( o.s. ) elijah baby ... then she face appear as she find the cup-like seat elijah be in . she begin to scream . elijah lay on the bottom of the compartment . one arm be clutching he chest . the other be curve horrifically like a " 's " . his mouth be open . his eye be bulg . the last thing we here be the short desperate breaths of a eight year old child about to black out from the pain . fade to black : present : ext . church - afternoon we emerge from black to find news van and reporter lining the street across from a church . they have be cordon off by a handful of police . mourner be record as they emerge from they car and enter the church . David be among the arrive crowd . man ( o.s . ) David dunne ! at hearing he name , David turn back as he walk . he can not tell which reporter call he name because all of they seem to react . a storm of camera movement as the group jockey for the best angle of he troubled face . David pass a magnetic board as he enter the church . it read , " service for the family and friend of train 177 . " CUT to : int . church - afternoon a priest stand before a podium . priest Sarah elaston , social worker at Broad and Locust Community Center . we pray for you soul . ( beat ) Kevin Elliott , business man , father of six . we pray for you soul . ( beat ) Glen Stevens , researcher in the area of leukemia at drexel University . we pray for you soul . David sit amongst the mourner in the stand room only church . his eye drift to a woman two row ahead of he . she 's turn around , look at he . her eye be red from cry . David look away . his eye stop on a old man far to he leave just a few seat away . Father , mother and daughter stare silently . David survey the entire church ... desperate inconsolable eye question he existence from every direction . David have to look down . priest ... Jennifer pennyman , third grade teacher at jefferson elementary . ( beat ) we pray for you soul . CUT to : int . back of church - afternoon David and the priest who conduct the mass be alone in the mass preparation room . the priest look in he fifty , eye tired , blood shot . david I use to play football in college . in my first year as quarterback , we go on this win streak . it just go on and on . it do not matter who we play ... I would always win . ( beat ) you get superstitious when something like that happen . you give thing meaning . like you wear the same color sock each game or you listen to the same b.b. King song before you leave the apartment . I would not even untie the shoelace on my cleat . I would just slip they on and off so nothing would change ... I give thing meaning that have no meaning . ( beat ) I be here to make sure I be not make shoelace into something they be not again . ( beat ) I be the only person to survive that accident . the only one ... it feel like it mean something . beat . priest be you a religious man , David ? David nod , " no . " the priest remove the sacred stoll from he around he neck and kiss it before fold it carefully . priest good . because I be go to talk to you as a man . not as a man of the cloth . david okay . beat . the priest turn to David . priest it be luck . beat . david what do you mean ? priest luck ... random ... without meaning . David just sit awkwardly . priest Three year ago , my cousin die on a plane that crash on take off at Philadelphia International airport . do you remember that crash ? David nod , " yes . " priest I pray and pray and finally find some meaning in the event . it give I peace ... and then not quite a year later , a entire family from my parish burn to death in a hotel fire downtown ... ( beat ) again I pray . again I find meaning . ( beat ) just two day ago , my nephew ride with you on that train back from New York . he be travel alone for the first time . priest I be sorry if I can not react to you survival with the appropriate ' it be the hand of God . it be a miracle . ' kind of answer ... I be fresh out of that right now . David be shake . beat . david ( soft ) the metal of the watch I be wear be crush like a sledge hammer hit it . beat . the priest 's eye fill with emotion . priest my twelve year old nephew 's neck be break in four place ... what 's you point ? you be choose ? ( beat ) I do not think so . the priest turn and continue put away artifact from the mass . silence fill the back room . CUT to : int . church parking lot - late afternoon no camera greet he exit . no people anywhere . David walk across the now empty parking lot . his car be the only one leave . he walk to the driver 's side . pull out he key . that 's as far as he get . his eye catch sight of the gray envelope tuck under the windshield wiper of he car . David move forward and gently pull it out . his name be type on the front . he turn it over . two emboss word on the back . " Limited edition " he open the envelope . one line , handwritten , gaze at he from the gray index card . the line read ... " < i> how many day of you life have you be sick ? < / i > " nothing else be write . David dunne look around the empty parking lot quietly . CUT to : int . employee locker room - morning a poorly light change room . a row of metallic locker sit against one wall . a bench split the room . a brown fold table with dunkin donut box and bagel on it be cramme in the corner . a puke color concrete floor set the tone . David and three other large man be change out of they street clothes . they all put on the same yellow short sleeve shirt . the same two word be write on all they back ... " Stadium Security " this ritual go on without a word . CUT to : int . MAIN stadium corridor - morning David walk along the massive curve wall around the outer rim of the stadium . as he pass the different walkway we get glimpsis of the enormous and empty sixty - thousand seat football stadium on the inside . David stop at a door mark " personnel " . CUT to : int . personnel office - morning David knock on the door as he step into the cramped reception room to the personnel office . the secretary , a ancient woman with thick flabby arm never stop type and never look up as she talk . ancient secretary yes ? david be Noel in ? ancient secretary no sir he be not . ( beat ) I read about you in the paper . david oh. ancient secretary I be in a accident once too . a horse almost trample I to death . david wow . ancient secretary I have to put he down . beat . david that 's a sad story . ( beat ) do you think you could ask Noel something for I ? the ancient secretary 's right hand immediately pick up a pen and position it over a blank pad . her leave hand keep type . she never look up . ancient secretary proceed . david ask if he can check how many sick day I have take since I have work here ? beat . ancient secretary be that the entire message ? david yes . CUT to : ext . stadium field - afternoon rain fall in sheet in the stadium . David stand at the entrance to a tunnel that empty out onto the field . he stand in a impose dark green rain poncho and hood . the poncho almost touch the ground . the word ' security ' on the back have almost fade away . we can barely see David 's face under the hood . there be a football game in progress on the enormous field . the player seem unusually small . there be no one in the stand . about four hundred people be on the sideline of the field watch the player . a soggy limping banner stretch behind they declare , " the pennslvania elementary School championship . " David 's eye scan the tiny figure on the field . his eye come rest on a surge of activity on the sideline . beat . David step out into the rain . CUT to : ext . sideline - afternoon a handful of red face father be yell at each other . they be in each other 's rain soak face . the scene feel on the verge of physical violence . David and another security guard jog over . David step in the middle of the tight circle . the man stop yell in the presence of stadium security . everyone just stand in the rain glaring at each other . beat . david you know what I think about to calm down ? I think about that big fat , hundred and twenty pound turtles that live in the island . that sucker never get angry , never get in fight and live longer than all of we and all they do all be sit on the beach and hump other turtles . ( beat ) why do not we take a second and think about the turtles ? nobody move . rain wash over the agitate face . a father break the moment . father yeah Jerry why do not you think about the fat ass turtles ... like you fat ass son on the field jeopardize the rest of we chance at a fuck championship . David tense . everyone look to jerry . a bald man who stand just a foot away . Jerry nod to himself . look like he 's go to say something . instead he lunge forward and smashes a headbutt to the man who speak to he . David tackle Jerry hard and fast . he drive he into the ground . blood start rush out of the nose of the daze father who take the headbutt . the other father start yell and push each other . the remain security guard call on he walkie for assistance . David keep Jerry immobilize in a powerful arm and head lock that hold the man 's enraged face hard into the wet surface of the field . David 's eye be not on Jerry . they gaze out onto the field where twenty two elementary school boy have stop play and be stand freeze , helmet off , rain wash over they face . they watch in horror as they parent attack each other on the sideline . CUT to : int . employee locker room - late afternoon David be the last one leave . he 's shower and back in he street clothes . he sit in the dimly light room on the bench , lose in he thought when the door open . he turn to find a somewhat pregnant look man with a tie step in . this be noel . david hey Noel . beat . he just stare . noel forty dollar . David turn on the bench . david what ? noel you be get a forty dollar raise per week ... that 's it . silence . noel I check . you be right . you have never take a sick day . ( beat ) five year , no sick day . I get it . you want a raise . you make you point . the room be still . beat . noel all right fifty dollar and that 's the god damn limit . ( beat ) be we do here ? beat . David nod , " yes . " CUT to : int . bedroom - night light out . David be wide awake in he bed . he glance over . Jeremy be in deep sleep next to he . CUT to : int . guest room - night David knock again quietly . the guest bedroom door open . megan look up at David . she 's just wake up . megan ( low voice ) be Jeremy okay ? david ( low voice ) he 's asleep . megan ( low voice ) oh. beat . they both stand awkwardly for a moment . david ( low voice ) I want to ask you a question . it will sound strange , but just think about it for a second . megan nod , " yes . " david ( low voice ) when 's the last time I be sick ? you remember ? megan try to mask she reaction to the oddness of the question . beat . megan ( low voice ) I do not know . it 's be a while . david ( low voice ) I have not be sick this year . I know that . megan ( low voice ) okay . david ( low voice ) do you remember I get sick ? megan ( low voice ) not a specific day . what 's this about ? david ( low voice ) megan , do you ever remember I get sick ? beat . david ( low voice ) in the three year we have be in this house ?... in the old apartment ?... before Jeremy be bear ?... before we be marry ? beat . megan ( low voice ) ... I can not remember . david ( low voice ) that 's strange be not it ? not remember one fever ... or a cold ... or a sore throat . what do you think that mean ? megan ( low voice ) it mean we be probably to tired to remember . David become quiet as he think . beat . megan ( low voice ) be that what you want to ask I ? david ( low voice ) yes . megan ( low voice ) be there anything else you want to ask I while I be up ?... megan ( low voice ) ... when be the last time you wear pink ? when be the last time you drank soup stand up ? final call for strange question at two in the morning . david ( low voice ) no that 's it . David seem lose in he thought . megan ( low voice ) maybe you should go up . Jeremy might see you be go and get frighten . ( beat ) the train thing , really shook he up . he 's scared something 's go to happen to you . he do not want to let you out of he sight . David stare at megan . beat . david ( low voice ) yeah . I know . there 's silence for a bit . david ( low voice ) when be the last time I wear pink ? megan ( low voice ) the Mitchell barbecue three year ago . david ( realize ) oh shit ... megan ( low voice ) match shirt and short . it be brutal . David half -smile as megan turn and start back into the guest room . david ( low voice ) goodnight megan . megan look back at she husband . just for a moment . then she look down . megan ( low voice ) goodnight David . megan close the door slowly shut . fade to black : int . bedroom - afternoon we emerge in a cramped sparse bedroom . legend " 1974 " a thirteen year old elijah sit in a chair with he arm in a sling . he watch a small black and white television in the corner of the room . we hear footstep . elijah 's mother walk into the room . she look around for a moment , and then move to the television . turn it off . the room goe silent . elijah' mother no more sit in this room . I have let it go on long enough . elijah I be not go out anymore . I be not get hurt again . this be the last time . I tell you . elijah' mother you can not do anything about that . you might fall between that chair and this television . if that 's what God have plan for you , that 's what 's go to happen . you can not hide from it in you room . elijah just sit stare at the dark television screen . elijah they call I Mr. Glass at school . Cause I break like glass . elijah 's face be tense . unyield . beat . elijah 's mother say the next word in almost a whisper . elijah' mother ... you make this decision now to be afraid ... ( beat ) and you will never turn back you whole life . you will always be afraid . elijah 's eye move from the television to he mother . he see the emotion in she face . neither say anything for a while . beat . elijah' mother ... I get a present for you . elijah why ? elijah' mother forget why . do you want it or not ? elijah think it over . he nod , " yes . " elijah' mother well , go get it then . elijah where be it ? elijah' mother on a bench , across the street . elijah look at he mother with disbelief . elijah' mother you call I a liar ? she point to the window . beat . elijah get up and move to the only window in the room . the view from he room look out over a narrow street . on the other side of the street be a public playground . a handful of child be play on it . there be three bench to one side of the swing . on one of they be a thin package wrap in brown paper with a bow on it . elijah look to he mom who have join he at the window . elijah someone 's gonna take it . beat . elijah' mother then you better get out there soon . CUT to : ext . playground - afternoon elijah walk across the playground . he 's very wary of the other child run about he . he walk towards the bench with the present on it . take a seat . put the package on he lap . it 's flat . the edge of the bend down over he thin leg . he undoe the white bow . he peel off the clear tape hold the brown paper together . he unfold the paper . beat . elijah stare down at the single comic book in he lap . he feel the shadow of he mother . she take a seat next to he . elijah' mother I buy a whole bunch . they will be one of this wait for you , every time you want to come out here . beat . elijah' mother they say this one have a surprise end . elijah look to he mother . his intelligent pierce eye take she in for a moment . he look back down at he lap . he open the first page ... dissolve to : int . store - day the same intelligent pierce eye , twenty - five year older . elijah have grow into a handsome , regal look man . he lean on a walk stick . he 's look at a impressively frame charcoal sketch on a wall . two figure be depict on the top of a building lock in fierce battle . one figure be extremely muscular with a mask . the other be half human , half animal . man this be from fritz Champion 's own library . this be before the first issue of the comic book hit the stand in 1968 . elijah glance at the business man stand next to he and then back to the sketch . elijah it 's a classic depiction of good versus evil . notice the square jaw of slayer - common in most comic book heroes . and the slightly disproportionate size of jaguaro 's body to he head . this again be common , but only in villain ... the thing to notice about this piece ... the thing that make it very , very special ... be its realistic depiction of its figure . when the character eventually make it into the magazine they be exaggerated ... as always happen . ( beat ) this be vintage . the business man rub he face . gaze at the sketch . beat . business man wrap it up . elijah you have make a considerably wise decision . elijah start to the back of the store which we now see be some type of art gallery where all the frame picture be image and sketches from comic book . business man my kid 's gonna go berserk . elijah jam he walk stick into the extra thick carpet and stop . he turn . elijah once again please ? business man my son jeb . it 's a gift for he . elijah how old be jeb ? business man four . elijah no . elijah start back to the businessman shaking he head strongly . elijah no , no , no , no no ... you need to go now . business man what do I say ? elijah do you see any telletubby around here ?... do you see a slender plastic tag clipped to my shirt with my name print on it ?... do you see a little asian child with a blank expression sit outside in a mechanical helicopter that shake when you put a quarter in it ?... no ?... well that 's what you see at a toy store ? any you must think this be a toy store , cause you be in here shopping for a infant name jeb . one of we have make a gross error and waste the other person 's valuable time ... elijah 's eye pierce through the shake man . elijah this be a art gallery my friend . this be piece of art ... elijah point at the sketch . elijah this be one of seventeen original drawing by fritz Champion remain in the world . it 's value will triple every year ... this piece be to be treasure . to be cherish ... to be covete by every single one of you banker friend that think they be better than you . the business man stare at the sketch with large eye . beat . business man what if I keep it ? beat . elijah I be listen . business man I will keep it in my office room . elijah what about jeb ? business man I have a lock on the door . elijah just stare . elijah will it be near a window ? businessman no direct sunlight will fall on it . elijah eye the man for many second . beat . elijah come back in three day . I will think about it . elijah start to the back . he pass the front door as two customer walk in . elijah talk over he shoulder to they . elijah we be by appointment only . man I receive a card from you store . elijah congratulation , you have a mailbox ... the sale be not for two week . man this one be under the windshield of my car . elijah turn and face the customer for the first time . David dunne stand with Jeremy . elijah just stand stare for the longest time . beat . he walk closer to they . when elijah speak , he voice have a whispery quality to it . elijah you have never be sick ? david I do not know for sure . ( beat ) ... I do not think so . David and elijah quietly look at each other . beat . elijah well if this be not a riddle worthy of the riddler ? CUT to : ext . limite edition - late afternoon Three chair have be place on the walkway in front of the bay window of the store . the word , " Limited edition " be etched in the window . David , Jeremy and elijah be seat watch the people stroll by . elijah 's cane be on he lap . Jeremy sip a drink in a paper cup . elijah so let 's get some of the usual question out of the way . why be I use a cane ? raise you hand if you be think that . Jeremy raise he hand . elijah I fracture my leg . it 's the fifth time I have do that particular bone . it do not really heal well this time . elijah raise you hand be you be wonder who the hell break the same bone five time ? Jeremy and David raise they hand . elijah I have something call osteogenesis imperfecta . it 's a genetic disorder . I do not make this particular type of protein very well and it make my bone very low in density , very easy to break . I have have fifty - four break in my life . I have the tamest version of the disorder ... type one . ( beat ) there be type two , type three , and type four . type four 's do not make it very long ... ( beat ) that end we lecture on the medical anomaly know as elijah price . elijah stare at he two rapt listener . elijah how certain be you that you have not be sick in you life ? david seventy - five percent . elijah seventy - five percent ? that 's not nearly good enough for I . I be extremely skeptical . david skeptical about what ? elijah you answer to my question . it 's one thing to have never be injure in you life , but to state that you have never take ill , well that 's a whole new level . jeremy dad 's be injure . beat . elijah what 's he talk about ? david in college . a car accident . elijah be it serious ? David nod . jeremy he could not play football anymore . beat . elijah look shake . elijah I assume because of the train . david you assume wrong . elijah close he eye . when he eye open , the life force in they have diminish . beat . elijah it 's over . ( beat ) you can go now . elijah use he cane to get up and walk back through the door of the store . int . limite edition - late afternoon David and Jeremy enter the store . elijah lean on a walk stick before one of the frame sketches . he gaze at it quietly . david I think you skip a couple step . elijah turn . david you forget the " now I be go to tell you what the hell be go on " step . see usually that come before the , " it 's over " step . and it always , always come before the " you can go " step. ( beat ) what be over ? elijah the life of a idea that have live too long in my head . David stare at elijah impatiently . elijah there be probably only four or five individual in the world who can claim more knowledge of comic than myself . I have spend a third of my life in a hospital bed with nothing else to do but read . I have study the form intimately . I have see the pattern in they ... the reference to social and cultural event and the atmosphere that surround they . I have come to believe that comic be we last link to the ancient way of pass on history . elijah the egyptian draw picture on wall about battle , and event . country all around the world still pass on knowledge through pictorial form . ( beat ) I believe that comic , just at they core now ... have a truth . they be depict what someone , somewhere feel or experience . then of course that core get chew up in the commercial machine and get jazze up , make titillate - cartoon for the sale rack . elijah gaze at David . elijah this city have have its share of disaster . well publicize one . it be around the time of that plane crash , when it first enter my head . and there it stay , as I wait and watch the news over the year ... ( beat ) and then one day I see a news report on a train accident and its sole survivor who be miraculously unharme . ( soft ) and just like that , a idea blossom into the flower of possible reality . david what be you idea elijah ? beat . elijah ( soft ) if there be someone like I in the world , and I be at one end of the spectrum ... could not there be someone the opposite of I , at the other end ? ( beat ) a person who can not be hurt like the rest of we . a kind of person they be talk about in that storey . elijah point at the frame comic sketches . elijah ( soft ) a person they believe be put here to protect the rest of we . Guard we . jeremy you think my dad be a real - david Jeremy do not take another sip of that drink . Jeremy look down at the paper cup in he hand . david throw it in the trashcan near the door and wait for I outside . do it now please . David wait for Jeremy to exit the store . beat . david at the church ... you be follow I be not you ? elijah technically no . I gamble that you would attend the church service . I just wait for you . David glare at elijah . david what 's this about ? this be obviously some scam . be this where you tell I one of that picture be like a investment ? elijah you have misunderstand . david I see guy like you all the time in my work . you find someone you think be emotionally vulnerable and you tell they a fantastic story , utterly convincing ... and somewhere in there , you slip it in ... ' I just need you credit card number ' , ' I just need a small down payment . ' David shake he head . he smile out of frustration . beat . david do you know that this morning be the first morning I can remember , that I do not open my eye and feel that sadness ... do you know what I be talk about ? that little bit of sadness ? ( beat ) I think the person that write that note have a answer for I . for why I survive that train . for why my life feel so out of balance ... ( beat ) but I guess that 's what you be count on . elijah stare carefully at David . beat . David glance over to the entrance . Jeremy watch through the window concerned . david I be go to leave now . ( beat ) good luck with you sale . elijah watch David walk towards the front door . elijah what type of job do you have David ? David open the door . he look back at elijah . elijah you mention you have meet ' guy like I ' in you work . ( beat ) what type of job would that be ? beat . david I work at the stadium as a security guard . beat . David close the door behind he . elijah watch through the window as Jeremy take David 's hand as they cross the street . elijah gaze out the window in a bit of a daze . CUT to : int . bedroom - night all light be out except the SMALL bedside lamp on david' side . David sit up in bed stare at a tear section of newspaper in he hand . Jeremy be asleep horizontally with he leg over David 's leg . David do not blink as he gaze at the headline silently ... " train crash death toll confirmed at 131 dead . 1 survivor " beat . David slide out from under he son 's leg . Jeremy stir but do not wake up . David move to the darkness of the corner of the room . he open a closet door . a naked hanging bulb goe on as David yank a chain . David step inside the narrow closet and close the door slightly so the light from the bulb doesn't fall on jeremy . there 's just enough room to stand and look around . David reach up and pull a small travel bag out of the way . David stretch as he feel on the top shelf . his hand come down with something wrap in a t-shirt . he unwrap it . it 's a handgun . he stare at it for a beat before wrapping it back up and replace it to the high shelf . he stretch even more . reaches farther back . we hear something slide on the shelf as he pull it forward . he pull down a folder jamme with clipping . he open the folder to reveal a young David in football uniform hold he helmet in the air victoriously . the word " Champion " be write over he head . David flip through the top clipping - all be image and storey of David and football . he turn the pile over . go to the last clipping . this piece of paper be fold over three time , unlike the other . he open it . it 's a newspaper headline . it read ... " car accident leave two injured " David put the new headline next to the old one ... they look like a set . even the font be similar . David stare at the old headline . stare hard at the photo of the bent and heavily damage car lay upside down in the middle of the highway ... the bulb seem to flicker . David be utterly still . someone knock at the bedroom door . David get startle . he put back the clipping . stuff the new one inside with they . he replace it back to the top shelf and leave the closet . another soft set of knock as David move across the bedroom . he open the door . megan stand in the darken hall . beat . david ( whisper ) hi. megan nod . beat . megan ( whisper ) I have come to a decision . david ( whisper ) oh. beat . megan ( whisper ) let I just ask you something okay ? and you can be totally honest . I be prepare for any answer . it will not affect I ... David nod , " yes . " megan ( whisper ) have you be with anyone ? since we start have problem ? the answer will not affect I . beat . David stare at he wife . megan ( whisper ) it will not affect I either way . beat . David do not say anything . he just nod , " no . " megan 's face start to tremble . she start cry . tear roll over she very affect face . she try to wipe they away , but there 's too many . beat . megan ( soft ) ... my decision be ... I would like to start again . pretend we be at the beginning . ( beat ) it 's a big deal you walk away from that train . it 's a second chance . ( beat ) if you want to ask I out sometime , that would be okay . megan nod and walk down the stair as she wipe she face . David watch she disappear into the shadow . dissolve to : ext . veteran' stadium - afternoon Sunday afternoon . the cavernous stadium open up into a picture perfect blue sky . the Philadelphia eagle pro football player be in uniform and do stretch on the field . the oppose team warm up on the other end of the field . the sixty thousand seat be already half fill as fan stream in on every level of the stadium . CUT to : ext . entrance gate 27b - afternoon a line of ticket holder snake towards two turnstile where stadium crew be rip ticket . David dunne stand to one side with two other security guard . the fan move through the turnstile be clad in all type of eagle paraphernalia . a group of girl carry a homemade banner that David read as he tilt he head sideways . " we sleep with quarterback , " be write in block letter . David stare at a woman carry a newborn infant in she arm . the baby be wear a eagle uniform . the walkie talkie on David 's hip burst to life . he pull it off he hip a listen . walkie dunne , it 's Jenkins , we get a guy at gate 17c with a bogus ticket . say he know you . he will not tell I he name . david ( into walkie ) what 's he look like ? walkie he 's get the most beautiful eye ... the hell kind of question be that ? he 's a guy . david ( into walkie ) send he pack . I be not walk all the way over there . walkie consider he pack . I do not like he attitude ... struttin around with a cane and shit . beat . david ( into walkie ) hold up Jenkins ... CUT to : ext . entrance gate 17c - afternoon David find elijah wait to the side as the crowd funnel through the gate . elijah offer he hand as he walk up . David do not take it . elijah they say I could not get in with my ticket . elijah offer he the ticket . David inspect it . david it 's for last week 's game . elijah I have come to understand that ... ( beat ) a ill advise purchase in the parking lot . David hand elijah back the ticket . david what do you want ? elijah not money . ( beat ) but I appreciate you healthy cynicism in the manner . it will be wise for both of we to proceed with great caution . david we be not proceeding anywhere together . elijah we have already begin . David look around . david one more time . what be it you want ? beat . elijah why be it , do you think , that of all the profession in the world ... you choose protection ? david be you for real ? elijah you could have pour coffee in Starbucks , you could have learn to install track lighting in office building , you could have tell people they horoscope on the internet ... you could have be one of ten thousand thing ... but in the end , you choose to protect people . you make that decision ... and I find that very , very interesting . ( beat ) now all I need be you credit card number . beat . elijah smile . elijah that last part be a joke . David fight it . but he smile anyway . beat . david I get this job because my college coach call the guy who manage the stadium . there 's no hide meaning to it . David 's walkie make noies on he hip . david they need I at the gate . David stare at elijah lean on he walk stick . david do you really want to see the game ? I can get you in . CUT to : ext . entrance gate 27b - afternoon the line of fan outside the gate have triple in size and intensity . David and elijah move along the line towards the turnstile . david it get heaviest ten minute before kickoff . David bump a guy in line wear a army jacket . David look back at he and continue walk . David move to a security guard near the turnstile . david why do not we pat down ? David walk to he post near the gate and face the crowd . elijah move next to he . david just give I a minute . elijah be there a problem ? david that guy in green . sometimes people carry weapon in here . then they drink too much . they be team be not do so well , bad thing happen ... we do random pat downs of the crowd to discourage people from carry . ( beat ) if he 's carry , he will step out of line . elijah observe as a security team pat down random male as they move through the turnstile . the GREEN army jacketed man move forward in the line . his face be blank as he watch the pat down ahead of he . he 's twenty people from the turnsstile . David eye he . Fifteen people away ... ten ... the man cough and step out of the line . elijah watch the green army jacket melt into the thick part of the crowd and disappear as it move away from the stadium . CUT to : int . stadium tunnel - afternoon a unlit arched concrete passageway . the sunlight from the stadium stream in cause long shadow . elijah stand wait in the ground tunnel by himself . the thunderous cheer of the sixty thousand fan in the stadium echoes from the field into the tunnel . David enter the tunnel and join elijah . he hand he a ticket . david I get you a seat in the seven hundred level . ( point straight up ) it 's nose - bleed territory , but at least you will not get spit on . elijah how do you know that man you bump be carry a weapon ? david probably the army jacket . that guy carry hunt knife and stuff for show . elijah you think he be carry a knife ? beat . david I think he be carry something . elijah but not a knife ? david I get this picture of a silver handle gun tuck in he pants . ( beat ) like on t.v. elijah stare at David . the stadium cheer bounce off the gray wall . elijah you have good instinct when it come to thing like that ? david like what ? elijah telling when people have do something wrong ? beat . david yes . elijah have you ever try to develop it ? david I do not know what you be ask ? elijah you be skill . beat . david listen . I get to be on the sideline during the game ... you can get to you seat by take the stairwell at - elijah character in comic book be often attribute special power . x-ray vision , thing of that sort . David exhales slowly as he stare at elijah . david okay , I do not want to play this game anymore . elijah it 's a exaggeration of the truth . maybe it 's base on something as simple as instinct . like be able to touch someone and tell whether they have do something wrong ... or the level of what they have do wrong . david the guy might not have be carry anything . elijah or he might have be carry a silver handle gun tuck in he pants . David 's walkie erupt with noise . david I have to go now . elijah one last question . beat . david Quick . elijah the car accident you be in ... be there anyone else involved ? the two man stand very still in the tunnel . david yes . my wife megan . she be in the car with I . David turn and start down the hall . David talk back over he shoulder . david have a good life elijah and try to buy you ticket at a authorize sale location . elijah watch as the silhouett figure of David dunne jog down the darkness of the tunnel . CUT to : int . car - late afternoon we be inside a customize car . the dashboard be cover in some sort of thin foam pad . the steering wheel and gear shift have the same pad . every corner and hard surface have be safe guard . elijah sit behind the wheel of he car in the parking lot of the stadium . he sit as thought crash at he head . beat . he finally reach for the key and start up the car . he look into the rearview mirror and see the man in the GREEN army jacket pass behind he car . elijah quickly turn and see the man move through the park car head out of the parking lot . elijah take a deep breath and turn off the engine . CUT to : ext . parking lot - late afternoon elijah 's walk stick make rhythmic click on the concrete parking lot . the figure in the army jacket seem to move farther away with every step . elijah start breathe harder . he push himself to move faster . he avoid the hard chrome bumper and tailpipe that jut out from the car as he quicken he pace through the lot . he gain on the army jacket . elijah ( call out ) hold up for a second ! the man in the army jacket turn as he reach a subway entrance that mark the end of the parking lot . he look back at elijah for a beat . do not like what he see . he disappear into the subway entrance . elijah quicken into a jog now . he have not do this in a while and it 's painful . he make it with great strain to the subway . he look into the entrance ... a steep flight of stair lead to the subway floor . the tail of the army jacket be glimpse before it disappear . elijah breathes hard as he take hold of the railing . elijah ( call out ) I just want to ask you something ! elijah 's voice echoes down the stair . no response . elijah start he descent . the SOUND of a subway pulling in roar up the stair . elijah have to move fast . he take the step with less and less hesitation . he 's move with great agility ... and then he foot catch on a step . his hand slip away from the railing ... he fall down the remain part of the stair . the first sickening crack be hear when he hand reach out to stop he fall . the second crack be more like a crunch as he leg land awkwardly on the metal stair . he come to a stop in a pile on the dirty gum stain floor of the subway landing . his jaw be lock in a horrific scream that get eaten by the roar of the subway train pulling in . his contort anguish face see the turnstile of the subway upside down . the green army jackete man look back at elijah with a blank expression push through the turnstile . the last thing elijah see before he black out , be the tail of the man 's coat riding up as he move through the turnstile . the silver handle of a gun peek out from the belt of he pants . CUT to : ext . bus stop - dusk David 's neighborhood turn crimson as the day come to a end . the septa bus pull to a stop in front of a public high school . David step off , still in he security clothes . the bus pull away as he hear he son' voice . David turn to the high school football field behind he . a group of child be have a touch football game . Jeremy run out from the huddle across the field to David . jeremy be it sell out ? David nod , " no . " david you know how mad you mom would be if she know you be play football ? Jeremy nod . jeremy be you go to tell ? David nod , " no . " jeremy you want yo play the last downs ? we get a big guy like you . you can play on opposite side . David look to the field to see a very muscular college age man in sweat who stand with the other child . jeremy he 's Potter 's cousin . he 's the start corner back for Temple University . David stare at he son . jeremy he go pro in the draft . they say he can run the fifty - david in under six second . ( beat ) I have hear . David watch the cornerback be surround by kid . he 's let a couple of the kid feel he flex bicep . david I be go to go in . jeremy just play one set of downs . I tell they you be great . david why would you do that ? jeremy just one - david Jeremy . ( beat ) I be go in . I have to do some thing . jeremy what thing ? david I be go to work out . jeremy I will help you . david there 's nothing to do . Jeremy turn back to the child and wave . jeremy ( yell ) I can not play ! I be work out with my dad ! Jeremy turn back to he father and take he hand . David look down at he son who wait patiently . CUT to : int . basement - early evening the basement be dominate by storage box and Christmas decoration . a old bench press and weight be in a cluttere corner . David sit and turn at the end of the bench as Jeremy laboriously carry and place fifteen a pound weight on the bar . David talk over he shoulder . david why do not you rest now ? I will take it from here . you have be a big help . Jeremy go to the opposite side of the bar and start to put on another weight . jeremy you think you could beat up Mike tyson ? I mean before he start wiggin out and eat people 's ear ? david no . jeremy what if you work out everyday for six month ? you think you could beat he then ? david no . jeremy what if you only eat food that be good for you and you work out everyday for a year ? Jeremy be breathe hard as he put the safety collar on the barbell and come around to David 's end of the bench . David lay back . david no . David take hold of the barbell . beat . he take a deep breath . the weight come off the armrest of the bench . David lower it to he chest and push it back up . he do just one more rep with serious strain . he put the weight back on the armrest and sit up . david how much do you put on there ? David twist around and look back at the barbell . he count up the black metal circle . he turn back to Jeremy . david you put too much . that 's two hundred and fifty pound . jeremy how much can you lift ? David look back at the weight . david that 's the most I have ever lift . ( beat ) that could have be dangerous Jeremy . why do not you go upstairs and let I finish up ? Jeremy start back to the barbell . jeremy I will take it off . I will help you right . he slip off the safety collar . jeremy you think you could have beat up Bruce Lee ? David hear the SOUND of the weight sliding off the bar behind he . david no . jeremy I mean if you know karate ? david no Jeremy . jeremy what if he be not aloud to kick and you be really mad at he ? Jeremy be breathe hard again as he finish with the weight and come around to David . David lay back . david no . David take hold of the bar . lift it off the armrest . bring it down . his arm be strain hard again . he raise it and lower it two time ; it take a sizable effort . the weight bang down onto the armrest . David sit up . david how much do you take off ? jeremy I lie . beat . david you add ? Jeremy nod , " yes " slowly . David turn completely around and look at the barbell . he count the black disc on the steel bar . beat . nobody say anything for a long time . jeremy ( soft ) how much be it ? david ( soft ) two hundred and seventy . David just stare at the black steel circle on the metal bar . Jeremy come and sit on the bench next to he father . they both stare at the weight . beat . jeremy ( dead serious ) let 's put more . beat . david okay . CUT to : int . basement - early evening David 's finger wrap around the cold metal of the bar . he lean he head forward and look to Jeremy . david why do not you move back a bit ? just to be safe . Jeremy move back to the bottom of the stair lead up to the house . he wait . another deep breath as David heave . the weight clink as it come off the arm rest . David be full out strain now as he lower and raise it . his arm begin to tremble as he lift it for the second time . bang the weight land back safely onto the rest . David sit up . he look at he son whose eye be wide . beat . jeremy more ? beat . David nod , " yes . " CUT to : int . basement - early evening a enormous amount of black disc sit on the bar . David 's hand be grip the metal . he talk to Jeremy who stand in he position at the bottom of the stair without look at he . david you should never try anything like this . you know that right ? Jeremy nod , " yes . " david what do you do if something happen ? jeremy ( soft ) get mom . David nod , " yes " before start he deep breathe . he take one last breath . clink the weight come off the rest . his arm be tremble immediately now . his face be lock in a grimace as he bring the bar down to he chest and back up again two time before drop it onto the armrest . he slowly sit up . david how many do you put on that time ? jeremy ( soft ) all of it . david there 's no more leave ? Jeremy nod , " no " in a slight daze . beat . David look around he basement . david what else can we use ? CUT to : int . basement - early evening a set of two unopen mab satin finish paint can be dangle by they metal handle on the outside of each side of the weight . the four can sway a little as the bar be heave off of David 's chest . his arm be shaking hard . he raise the weight to it 's apex and bring it down again . it touch he chest and rise up again . David 's red strain face exhales powerfully as he straighten he arm . the bar land on the armrest with a crash . the paint can make metal squeak as they swing to stillness , one at a time . beat . David sit up and turn back to the weight . his mouth move as he calculate the disc and the can . his lip stop move . beat . jeremy ( soft ) how much be it ? David do not react . jeremy ( soft ) how much be it dad ? it take a second for David to register the question . he look to he son . beat . david ( soft ) about three hundred and forty . David turn and look at he son . Jeremy 's mouth be slightly open . he gaze at he dad . awe in he tiny eye . CUT to : int . bathroom - evening David sit on the edge of the bathroom tub . he 's just shower and wear jeans and a t-shirt . he sit still with he elbow rest on he knee , stare at the white tile of the floor . the phone ring . David get up and walk out of the bathroom . he pick up the phone and stand in the bathroom doorway . david yeah , hello . woman ( on phone ) be David dunne there ? beat . david megan ? megan ( on phone ) yes . be this David ? david yeah ? megan where be you call from ? megan ( on phone ) my name be megan inverso . we go to college together . David look at the phone . the light for line one and line two be glow red . David squint he eye as he piece together the situation . beat . he move back into the bathroom . the cord stretch as he take he seat on the edge of the bathtub . david I remember you . megan ( on phone ) I be hope you would call I , but ... anyway I decide not to wait . ( beat ) I be think , it might be nice to go to dinner together . beat . megan ( soft ) ... hello ? beat . david yeah it might be nice . we hear a SOUND on the other end of the phone . a SOUND much like a exhale . CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - late evening the local chinese restaurant . Red and gold plastic dragon hang from the ceiling . a couple late- nighter be at the bar . megan and David be two of a handful of people leave dining in the restaurant . they be a little dress up . megan look kind of stun . david ... when you work with client on machine , do they sometimes just jump up a level or two ? do something they do not know they be capable of ? megan not often , but it be possible . most people get scared when they see the shadow of they limit . they do not know how long the shadow really be . they do not know how far away the real limit be stand ... they stop out of fear . David nod as he take it in . beat . he look down at he plate and twirl he lo mein onto a fork . megan watch he . megan this be kind of strange be not it ? David nod , " yes " before take the bite . megan we be not even act like ourselves . David touch he mouth with he napkin . megan like that . you mouth 's dirty . you tapped you napkin to you lip . you only do that when you be with someone you do not know . David look down at he napkin . david what do I do when I be around someone I know ? megan you use you sleeve . they both smile at each other . beat . woman ( o.s . ) megan ? David and megan look over to the only other table of late night diner as they get up from they table . a woman about megan 's age walk over to she . woman I think it be you . megan hi. ( to David ) this be Claire . her son be in Jeremy 's class . Claire and I work on the school food drive together . david hello . claire smile as she stare at David . she turn to megan . claire ( mouth ) he 's cute . Claire turn back to David . claire I be very happy about this . megan mention to I she be consider dating again . megan become still . claire ( to David ) I be sorry , what 's you name ? beat . David do not look up . david David . claire David ? megan this be my husband . beat . all three people become freeze in silence . Claire look to megan . claire ( soft ) I be so sorry . megan nod . Claire quietly walk away form the table and join she group as they leave the restaurant . beat . megan and David be the last one 's leave . they sit silently in they booth . megan look at David 's face . he 's shake . he slowly take a sip of water and then tap he mouth with napkin . CUT to : int . front door - night it 's late . no light be on except the one in the hall . the babysitter have black dy hair and buddy Holly glass . David wait as she put on she jacket . dyed hair girl he eat about six of that chocolate cover doughnut hole with he milk . he say he only have three , but I know he have six . david okay . David be not pay attention to the girl . he watch as he wife take off she coat and head to the guest room . she turn before enter the room . David and he wife make eye contact . megan ( soft ) goodnight . David nod . megan go into she room . the guest door close softly . David find the babysitter look at he with a odd expression . dyed hair girl my parent sleep in separate bed . David reach into he wallet and hand the girl money . david thank you . David open the front door for she . dyed hair girl by the way , Jeremy go to sleep in he room tonight . david his room ? the baby sitter nod with a smile as she walk out the front door . CUT to : int . jeremy' bedroom David walk into the darken child 's bedroom . the lump on the bed turn when he hear movement . he smile when he see David . jeremy ( whisper ) I be sleep in my room . david ( soft ) I see . jeremy ( whisper ) I be not scared . david ( soft ) that 's great . jeremy ( whisper ) do you know why ? David nod , " no . " jeremy ( whisper ) I know now . david ( soft ) know what ? jeremy ( whisper ) you be secret identity . ( beat ) that man be right . beat . David just stare at he son . Jeremy 's eye start to close . david Jeremy . Jeremy open he eye . david ( soft ) there be big guy in almost every gym who can lift that much . beat . Jeremy 's eye start to shut . jeremy ( whisper ) you could have lift more . ( he eye close ) ... do not worry , I will not tell anyone . Jeremy dunne fall asleep . David dunne stand in the darkness of he son 's room . poster of comic book heroes don the wall around he . CUT to : int . hospital room - night elijah 's cheek rest against two pristine white pillow . he look exhaust . his eye be fix on some abstract point in the room . we hear sound of a hospital . the torso of a physician can be see on the other side of the bed . we hear he speak but never see he face . physician ( o.s. ) ... fracture of the proximal phalanx of the little finger as well as multiple fracture of the sixth , seventh , and eighth rib . the worst of the injury , however , be sustained to the leave leg in the form of a spiral fracture . there be fourteen break . it simply shattered ... elijah they call I Mr. Glass . beat . physician ( o.s . ) who do ? elijah kid . elijah just keep stare . physician ( o.s . ) shall I continue ? beat . elijah 's head nod the slight bit up and down . physician ( o.s . ) pin be place throughout the length of the leg . the use of a wheelchair will be need for a two month period . the use of crutch will follow for twelve to fourteen month . Hospital stay will range from five to eight day follow by nine to twelve month of physical therapy . prescribe medication for pain management will take the usual form of ... the physician' word fade away as elijah continue to gaze at a abstract point in the room . fade to black : int . physical therapy CENTER - late morning we emerge from darkness to find ourselves in the physical therapy CENTER . a CO - worker find megan work with a elderly gentleman who 's labor on a stationary bike . janis you ten o'clock be here . the hospital discharge he this morning . megan thanks . the co-worker take megan 's position by the elderly man . megan cross the physical therapy center . a man in a wheel chair wait by she office . she walk up to he with a smile . megan elijah right ? elijah 's leg be immobilize by a metal brace and hold straight . under he shirt we see the wrapping around he rib . his leave pinky be in a splint . he smile and nod , " yes " to megan . CUT to : int . stadium locker room - late morning David dunne stand in security uniform by a set of double door that lead into the player locker room . Three wall of the locker room be line with shiny locker . one side of the room have bench and massage table . the far end of the room have work out equipment . about twenty player and trainer be scattered throughout the spacious room lose in they own pre-game ritual . David watch as a massive muscular player take a seat on the massage table and remove he dress shirt . his body be cover in old bruise . he lay down , wince a bit from the pain . a trainer begin to massage he . David just stare at the batter athlete . his gaze move across the room . beat . David stare at something in the crowded room then he start towards it . he move through the room of player and trainer . he move to the one area of the large room not occupy by anyone . David come to a step at the foot of a Olympic bench press . rack and rack of free weight sit behind the press . David look down at the thick silver bar . Three large black plate be on either side . six in all . David look back and glance at the double door where he should be stand . beat . he look to the twenty or so player and trainer in the room . some of the player have headphone on . some be stare into space . a couple be on cell phone ... no one notice David dunne as he reach for a forty - five pound black plate off the weight rack . the huge disc slide onto the bar with almost no SOUND ... a match forty - five pound disc go on the other side ... and then David add another . he match it on the other side ... the bench creak just the slight bit as David take a seat . no one notice the security guard lay back on the bench . David 's hand take hold of the shiny bar . he close he eye ... David 's arm become tense . he push against the weight . it do not move . his face turn deep red . he open he eye and stare at the bar as he keep training . his face and arm be shaking ... he keep stare ... focus . and then , without any fanfare , the bar lift off the arm rest . the weight hover over David . he lower it to he chest for a second time . his arm be not shaking anymore . he push the weight back up . he carefully bring the bar back to the arm rest . it touch down with the smallest of clink . David 's finger uncurl from the bar . David let out two slow soft breath as he count the thick black disc . david ( whisper ) four ten ... four forty - five ... ( beat ) five hundred . beat . David sit up in a daze . he find the entire room of athlete and trainer stare at he . some of the player have stand up . everyone stare as David dunne with the same quiet disbelief in they eye . CUT to : int . physical therapy CENTER - afternoon megan and elijah be in the far corner of the room . they be separate from the other client . megan be seat on a exercise machine . elijah be in he wheel chair face she . megan we be go to prevent any substantial atrophy of you good leg with this . ( she tap the machine ) it work the quadricep . elijah how long have you be marry ? megan be take off guard by the question . she stare at elijah . beat . megan twelve year . elijah how do you get together ? elijah smile warmly . megan smile softly back . megan a car accident . elijah smile even bigger . elijah now you be go to have to tell I more . megan ... see my husband be a big football star in college and we be in a accident together . we car flip on a icy road . we be both injure . he could not play football anymore . ( beat ) if that have not happen , we would not have be together . elijah how so ? megan football be not the kind of life I want ... for ten year I would be by the phone wait for a call tell I he break he neck in a practice game . and if it be not that call , it would be a call tell I he blow out he knee or suffer he third concussion . I have see way too much of it in my job ... I can barely take it when my client be in pain . ( beat ) I do not hate the game . I admire the amount of skill it involved and , like everyone else , I be in awe of how he could play it , but I could not give he my heart and then have something happen to he . and it always do with that game . ( beat ) it 's not a thing many people would understand . elijah you and my mother would have a special connection . megan any way , fate step in and take football out of the equation . elijah ... and everyone live happily ever after . beat . megan sort of . beat . elijah what part of David 's body be injure ? beat . megan 's eye become utterly still . megan who say my husband 's name be David ? CUT to : int . stadium - afternoon eleven football player in white and green battle eleven football player in blue and gray on the field . a sell out stadium watch the event . David stand at the lip of a tunnel that open out onto the upper section of the second level . wave of people move from they seat through the tunnel to the bathroom and concession stand and back again . David stare to the side away from the movement , he shoulder lean up against the wall . he look over at the constant movement of spectator through the tunnel . beat . his shoulder leave the wall . he step out into the stream of people . shoulder and arm bump into he and brush by he as they move . David 's eye be look down - he expression still - like he 's listen . he continue into the dead center of the tunnel . he 's in the heaviest part of the movement now . fan continue to brush against he as they pass . and then it happen ... a stocky woman bump into he . flash CUT : a image of the stocky woman in a bathrobe stand in a kitchen . she' holding the shoulder of a five year old boy stand next to her . he's crying uncontrollably . they both be looking down at the kitchen table where three thing be laid out ... a belt , a hanger , and a extension cord . stocky woman choose . slam CUT back to present : we be back with David in the crowd . he turn and watch the stocky woman walk down the tunnel . she 's hold the wrist of she five year old son . she yank it quickly and violently to keep the boy close at she side . she and the boy dissolve into the crowd . CUT to : int . physical therapy CENTER - afternoon elijah and megan sit very still . elijah there have be three major disaster in this city over the last four year . I have follow each one of they ... a seven- three - seven crash on take off . one hundred and seventy - two die . no survivor ... a hotel fire downtown . two hundred and eleven die . no survivor ... and be amtrak train derail seven and half mile outside of the city . one hundred and thirty one die . one survivor . he be unharme . ( beat ) I have speak with you husband about he survival . I suggest a rather unbelievable explanation . since then , I have come to believe , that my explanation , however unbelievable , be in fact , true . megan and what be that explanation ? beat . elijah it 's a mediocre time Mrs. dunne . people be start to lose hope . it 's hard for many to believe that extraordinary thing live inside themselves as well as other ... I hope you can keep a open mind ? beat . megan ( soft ) be this a religious thing ? elijah I own a comic book museum . it 's call the Limited edition . megan ( smile ) for a second there I think you be a fanatic . elijah I believe comic book be base loosely on reality - I believe there be real life equivalent of the heroes in that book that walk the earth - I believe you husband be one of that individual . beat . megan become utterly still . elijah I be glad you bring up fate Mrs. dunne . I be become a strong believer in it ... see , David refuse to speak with I any longer ... and when I see you name on my insurance list of approve physical therapist ... it be like fate have intervene ... ( beat ) we be mean to speak to each other . CUT to : int . stadium - afternoon David let the wave of people move by he in the tunnel . a man with gray eye and wear a dark blue sweat shirt carry a cardboard tray of nacho and drink . he brushes David 's arm as he pass . flash CUT : the image of the grey eyed man wearing a blood splatter t-shirt in a men' bathroom . he's violently kicking another man curled up on the floor of a toilet stall . he stop kicking . he glare down with powerful gray eye . sweat shirt man ( whisper ) this be my house , bitch . this be my customer . slam CUT back to present : the gray eye man in the blue sweat shirt pause with nacho in hand at the top of the stair to locate he seat . beat . David walk the five foot between they and tap he on the shoulder . people continue to stream by as the man turn to face David . the man 's gray eye go from David 's face to the security emblem on he shirt . the man 's face become still . gray eyed man yeah ? David stare hard at the man in front of he . david we have have some problem with drug sell in this stadium . ( beat ) would you mind if I check the pocket of you sweatshirt ? the gray eye man stand eerily still with he nacho and drink . the two man just stare at each other , evaluate the situation . people move in both direction around they , unaware . the gray eye man hold he tray of food to the side and raise he arm slowly . David step forward and reach into he pocket . beat . David pull he hand out from the pocket . they be empty . the gray eye man bring he arm down . beat . the walkie on David 's hip come to life . David reach down and pull it off he belt without remove he eye from the man in front of he . David bring the walkie to he mouth . david ( into walkie ) yeah ? walkie ( o.s . ) there 's a message for you at the office . you kid be hurt . David 's face change . david ( into walkie ) when ? walkie ( o.s . ) just now . they want you to come down to he school . David lower the walkie from he face . the gray eye man have a slight smile on . beat . gray eyed man why do not you go take care of you business ? the gray eye man take a bite of a nacho as he stare at David . gray eyed man and dude , no one carry they merchandise on they any more . they get messenger for that shit now . ( beat ) that 's what they tell I . the gray eye man in the blue sweat shirt turn and start down the stair to he seat . he raise he fist in the air as someone score a touchdown on the field . CUT to : int . elementary school nurse's reception area - afternoon Jeremy be seat in a chair with abrasion and cut on he face . he sit next to a smaller boy with a thermometer in he mouth . they be both look at the glass window of the nurse 's private office . there be tow people inside talk . David and a white haire nurse . the thermometer boy pull the thermometer out of he mouth . thermometer boy be that you dad ? Jeremy nod " yes . " thermometer boy I bet my dad can beat up you dad . Jeremy turn to the thermometer boy . jeremy I do not think so . CUT to : int . nurse's office - afternoon nurse ... no , he insisted we only call you . ( beat ) though it take we a while to track down you number . it 's not on file here . david megan handle that type of stuff . nurse what stuff be that ? david Jeremy 's stuff . David feel uncomfortable as the nurse just stare at he . beat . David rise from he seat . david so do I need to put any smelly ointment on he or anything ? the white haire nurse nod , " no . " nurse it 's more emotional damage . it be not very serious physically . David nod . nurse nothing like when I send you to the hospital . David stare at the white haire nurse . david what be that ? nurse my office be on the other side of the building back then . ( beat ) you do not remember I do you ? David nod , " no . " nurse I have red hair . David stare at the woman . he do not recognize she . nurse I think you be a little young than Jeremy when it happen . ( beat ) do you know we change the conduct rule of the pool because of you ? David nod , " no " slowly . nurse the kid still talk about it like some ghost story ... " do you know there be a kid that almost drown in the pool ? he get pneumonia and almost die . " the nurse shake she head . nurse we let they tell it ... it help keep they safe . beat . nurse be you still phobic of water ? David seem lose in he thought . he look up at the nurse . david yes I be . CUT to : ext . bus stop - afternoon David and Jeremy be seat on a bench at a septa bus stop . no one else be wait with they . Jeremy talk without make eye contact with he dad . jeremy ( soft ) it be Potter and another guy I play football with . they be mess with this chinese girl . she 's kind of fat . she do not talk to anybody . ( beat ) I try to make they stop . they keep push I down and would not let I get up . beat . Jeremy 's voice start to tremble softly . jeremy ( soft ) I think maybe cause you be my dad , I think I might be like you . Jeremy finally look up . tear in he eye . jeremy ( soft ) I be not like you . David move closer to Jeremy on the bench . david you be like I . we both can get hurt . I be just a ordinary man . ( beat ) I be not what you think I be . Jeremy just stare at he father . beat . jeremy why do you keep say that ? CUT to : int . kitchen - evening David stare at he bowl of pasta . he sit alone in the kitchen . beat . he get up , slide the pasta in the trash and move to the sink . David be rinsing out the bowl when megan walk in . David turn off the water . megan he 's just lay in bed . he 's pretty upset . he will not talk . david he 's deal with a lot of thing . ( beat ) I think he need to find answer himself . beat . megan it 's weird to hear you tell I about Jeremy . ( beat ) a good weird . David look at megan . they stand silently in a awkward pause . beat . david would you like to try go - megan yes . david - out again . beat . David smile . david but if we see another mother from Jeremy 's school , I name be Juan . I always want to be a Juan . megan smile softly back . beat . megan oh. elijah price come to visit I at the center today . david Jesus . megan see David 's shocked expression . megan he do not do anything . he just tell I he theory ... it 's sad when patient get like that . they loose reality . david ( whisper ) Jeremy what the hell be you do ? megan suddenly realize David be look over she shoulder . megan turn around . she scream . Jeremy be stand in the doorway to the kitchen . he 's cry hard . in he outstretch hand be the hand gun from david' closet . it 's point directly at David . jeremy ( cry ) you do not believe . I will show you ... you can not get hurt . megan ( realize ) - oh my God . david - Jeremy do you load that gun ? Jeremy nod , " yes . " crying harder now . jeremy ( cry ) - you will not get hurt ... david - elijah be wrong . megan - sometimes when people be sick or hurt for a long time , like elijah , they be mind get hurt too . David shoot a tense glance at megan . megan - they start to think thing that be not true . he hold I what he think about you father . it be not true . jeremy ( cry ) - I will show you . David start move a little to he right . Jeremy follow he with the barrel of the handgun . David stop move . david - you know the story about the kid who almost drown in the pool ? Jeremy stop move . david - that be I they be talk about . I almost die . that be I . jeremy ( cry ) - you be lie . david - I be not . I just do not connect it . megan - Jeremy , you father be injure in college - you know that . you know all about that . Jeremy 's small face tense . confusion mix with the desperation on he face . megan - do not do it . he will die Jeremy . beat . Jeremy look up , tear stream down he cheek . jeremy ( cry ) - I will just shoot he once . david - Jeremy listen to what - Jeremy start press the trigger . the hammer click back . jeremy - do not be scared . david - Jeremy if you pull that trigger I be go to leave ! I be go to go to New York . Jeremy freeze . David flash a desperate glance at megan then back to Jeremy . david you be right ... if you shoot I , that bullet be go to bounce off I and I will not get hurt ... but then I be go to go upstairs and pack . and then leave to New York . beat . jeremy ( cry ) - why ? Jeremy 's hand be tremble . he start to close he eye as he raise the gun level with David 's chest . david ( loud ) Jeremy ! Jeremy 's eye open . david ( loud ) you be about to get into big trouble ! I be you father and I be tell you to put that gun down right now God damn it ! ( beat ) one !... ( beat ) two !... Jeremy put the gun down on the floor in front of he and stand up . megan lean against the refrigerator and slide down to a sit position on the tile floor . David walk over and pick up the gun . he unload the bullet in he hand . David bend down very slowly and take a seat on the kitchen floor . Jeremy be the last to sit down . he take a seat in the doorway of the kitchen . beat . he wipe he eye with the back of he hand . beat . jeremy ( soft ) ... you do not have to yell . the dunne family sit in silence on the floor of they kitchen . CUT to : ext . limite edition - afternoon people move up and down the street outside the storefront . David be one of they . he wait to cross the street . he see movement inside the Limited edition window . CUT to : int . limite edition - afternoon elijah open the door . it take he a bit , because of the wheelchair . David stare at elijah 's damage condition . beat . elijah join a rugby league . turned out to be a bad idea . ( beat ) come here I want to show you something . elijah wheel over to one of the frame sketches on the wall . it 's a charcoal draw of a muscular figure shield himself from a blow about to be deliver . a huge ominous shadow be cover he , as if something unspeakable and evil be just out of frame . elijah look at this . I just notice this today . David step in close and study the draw . elijah this be from the sentryman series . a color version of this be actually use in the second issue . elijah point up to the draw 's face . elijah look at this eye . what do you see ? David look right at the intense eye of the draw . elijah it 's fear . ( beat ) he be scared . they be be honest in the beginning you see . they let he be human . ( beat ) they turn he into a garden variety hero later ... then he be brave all the time . elijah turn to David . elijah I follow the guy in the army jacket . David become still as he word register . elijah he have a silver handle gun tuck in the back of he pants . ( beat ) be you really injure in that car accident in college ? David look unsteady all of the sudden . elijah because I think you fake it . I think you take the opportunity to end you career - no question ask . ( beat ) and I think you do it , of all thing , for a woman ... ( beat ) not only do you have the physical trait of a hero , down somewhere in there , you have the moral code of one too . you be ready to sacrifice everything for what 's right . where can you find that this day ? ( beat ) only thing you do not realize be that you be give up a part of yourself when you give up football . the physical part . and you need that part desperately to feel balance again ... ( beat ) you can have it back now . ( beat ) this be all just make believe before . what if there be someone the opposite of I ? what if ?... ( beat ) I now believe you be the genuine article Mr. David dunne . the kind of person we know exist , from we history . elijah point to the room full of picture . elijah it 's time for someone like you . ( beat ) bad be win . I can feel it . elijah look at David with deep admiration . his voice crack a little at the end of he word . beat . David do not take he hand out of he pocket . david ( rattle ) I must have feel some lump in he back when I bump he . most gun have a black or silver handle . I have a fifty - fifty shot at the color . elijah that 's not what I witness David . david stop mess with my life elijah . my son almost shot I last night . he want to prove you be right . elijah I never say you could not be kill . I never say that . david you have a problem , elijah . my wife be right . somewhere along the line one of you bone break and you mind just break with it . beat . elijah be you finish ? david no . and I have be sick . I spend a week in a hospital when I be a boy recover from pneumonia and almost drown . david two skinny eight year old kid be play around the pool . they be dunking I . I swallow water . they do not know it and they almost kill I . ( beat ) heroes do not get kill like that . normal people do . beat . elijah seem shake for the first time . David stare at he coldly . david I do not want to see you again okay . ( soft ) now I be finish . David turn and start for the entrance . the bell of the door clang as David dunne leave the store . CUT to : ext . STREET - afternoon David exit the Limited edition and move down the street lose in this thought . he bump a man in a jacket and tie walk in the opposite direction . flash CUT : the same man stand in a baggy sweater . against a parked car he's holding something shiny and metallic in he hand . he insert it in the half inch gap between the glass of the driver' window and the door . the door unlocks . the man look around quietly before entering the car . slam CUT back to the present : David look over he shoulder at the conservative look man in a shirt and tie walk down the street . David dunne be shake . he turn and keep walk . CUT to : int . jeremy' room - night a superhero action figure and a plastic villain do battle on Jeremy 's desk . David sit dress up in a white shirt and dress pants . he hold the villain . Jeremy hold the superhero . megan enter the room in a beautiful brown dress . megan the sitter 's here . David nod , " yes . " megan study he tense expression . megan we can do this another time if you want ? I be fine with anything . David look from the action figure , to he son 's face to the face of he wife . they both have the same quiet anxious expression . beat . david but I put cologne on . megan smile . megan be that what that smell be ? Jeremy giggle . CUT to : int . downtown comic book store - night a overweight man in sweat and a ponytail count the cash in the register . we be in a low - end comic book store . the wall be line with shelf of comic book . the more expensive issue be keep in a glass case . the ponytail man look at he watch and then to far back of the store where one head be visible behind a low rack . ponytail man hey man it 's twenty after . it 's time to close . I gotta head . the top of the man 's head do not move . beat . ponytail man you better not be jack off to the japanese comic . I swear to God . no response . ponytail man close he register and walk towards the back . as he get closer to the customer , he realize that the man be in a wheelchair . the ponytail man walk up to elijah . ponytail man listen man , I do not know you be in - ( beat ) just choose something all right ? elijah do not react . he sit in he chair in a quiet daze . ponytail man lean over . ponytail man hello . you understand English ? ponytail man make fake sign language gesture in front of elijah 's face . ponytail man look man , I be just gonna wheel you out . you can think about thing outside on the sidewalk . I gotta get some chicken in I , you know what I be say ? beat . the ponytail man shake he head move behind elijah . he start wheeling he towards the front of the store . they move down a narrow aisle of comic . elijah suddenly grab the leave wheel and turn the chair . his immobilize leave leg hit a rack of comic book . a handful of comic tumble to the ground . ponytail man shit . the ponytail man straighten the wheelchair and start down the aisle again . after a couple of foot , elijah jerk and grab the other wheel send the wheelchair ramming violently into the opposite wall . Comics be knock free and fall onto the wheel chair and the nearby ground . ponytail man dude , I do not care if you be in a wheelchair . if you do that again , I be call five -o . beat . the ponytail man take elijah 's silence as a , " yes . " he straighten the chair . they move down the aisle . all be quiet ... and then elijah jerk the wheelchair to the leave again . his metal brace and the wheelchair crash into two rack . elijah get cover in comic . ponytail man that 's it crackerjack ! you be go to sit you ass in jail now . the ponytail man move to the front counter . elijah sit in a trance - slightly hunch over . his eye stare at a comic book in he lap . his expression change for the first time . the ponytail man finish dial . he look over to elijah as he wait for a voice on the other end . elijah raise a single comic book in he hand . elijah how much be this one ? CUT to : int . restaurant bar - night late evening . a trendy restaurant . not enough light to read the menus . David and megan be on stool at one end of the bat . they sip they drink as they appear in deep think . david ... I think rust . megan rust ? david as a color , not as rust . you know , a rust color paint or wood ? megan lean slightly closer . megan I do not know that . mine 's still brown . david my turn . what 's you favorite song ? megan Soft and wet , by the artist formerly known as Prince . david what be that ? megan we be suppose to be honest . beat . David bring he stool closer . david Soft and wet . that 's very interesting . megan my turn . ( beat ) when be the first time the think pop into you head that we might not make it ? David 's grin slowly fade . david that 's not the game . megan move she stool closer . they be only a foot or so apart . megan it 's a second date . there be not any rule . beat . David sip he drink slowly . david I be not sure . megan think carefully ? david what about the game ? megan it 's finish . I win . beat . David glance at megan . she wait for he answer . megan maybe it be not a specific moment , maybe it - david I have a nightmare one night and I do not wake you up so you could tell I it be okay . ( beat ) I think that be the first time . ( beat ) do that count ? megan ( soft ) that count . beat . megan take she glass up to she lip . do not take a sip . bring it back down . megan do you knowingly keep Jeremy and I at a distance ? beat . david yes . megan 's face tense . she 's on the verge of get upset . megan why ? david I do not know megan . megan it 's like you resent we David . resent the life you have . beat . David do not answer . megan you know even if it mean we could not be together , I would never have wish that injury on you ? what you could so physically be a gift . I would never have wish it to go away . megan 's eye glaze with water . beat . megan you know that right ? David take a sip with a tremble hand . David 's eye look up and make eye contact with megan's . he stare at she for the longest time . david ( soft ) I know . husband and wife sit close together in the corner of the bar on they second date . CUT to : int . front door - night megan stand next to David as he pull out he wallet . the babysitter with the black dyed hair and buddy Holly glass stand ready to leave in the doorway . dyed hair girl you get two call . one come through while I be on the line - I be not talk too long . there be a emergency with my sister . she try to do she own perm and now she look like - david who call through ? megan try to hide she smile . dyed hair girl someone from New York . the smile instantly fade . dyed hair girl about a security job at a museum . they want to hire you . ( beat ) I do not know you guy be move to New York . thanks for tell I . megan we be not move . dyed hair girl oh. ( beat ) I let the answer machine pick up the other call . the babysitter fix she buddy Holly glass as she look at the two suddenly quiet face . David hand she the money . she open the door . it 's start to rain . dyed hair girl great . the babysitter cover she head with she jacket and run down the walkway . David close the door . beat . megan look let 's be honest here . we be just at the beginning . I do not expect you or I to change the course of where we life be head because of two date . ( beat ) if you do go to New York , we can still develop this . we will just be force to take it slow . and in the end , that 's definitely better . ( beat ) this be we second time around David . I do not expect we to get carry away . ( beat ) I guess congratulation be the right thing to say . megan take off she coat as she move to the guest bedroom . she disappear inside . the door closely behind she . CUT to : int . kitchen - night only the counter light be on in the kitchen . David stand by the phone . elijah' voice be heard on the answering machine . elijah ( on tape ) ... David . it 's elijah . it be so obvious . it 's refer to over and over . that 's the key you see . the repetition across time . that mean at some point it be all base on common think , a common event - a fact . ( beat ) it be this one issue that bring it back for I ... century Comics one - seventeen . that 's where this group , the Coalition of evil , try to ascertain the weakness of every superhero . elijah ( on tape ) ... because they all have one . ( beat ) just like you . ( beat ) the cell that make up you muscle and you bone react to force that act upon it , slightly different from than mine . that 's clear ... you cell react to bacteria and viruse slightly differently than mine ... that 's also clear ... but for some reason , you and I react the exact same way to water . we swallow it , we choke . we swallow too much of it , we drow . however unreal it may seem , we be connect , you and I , we be on the same curve ... just on opposite end . elijah the point of all this be , we now know something we do not ... you have a weakness ... Water . it 's you krpytonite . ( beat ) you hearing I David ? call I back ... I get rugby practice in a hour . the SOUND of elijah hanging up be heard . the answering machine beeps as it turn off . David hit a button on the answer machine . it make a whirring SOUND before announcing . machine message erase . CUT to : int . bathroom - night the master bedroom be very narrow . a bathtub and toilet be at one end . two identical sink sit opposite each other . David sit on the edge of the tub . his shirt be unbuttone . he sit in a daze stare at the tile floor . his eye slowly move to a small white and red box lay on its side under one of the sink . David rise and pick it up . it 's a BOX of band aids . David look up to megan 's sink . perfume and lotion sit on its edge . David open she mirrore cabinet . he start to put the band aid box back , he hesitates . his eye begin to roam the cabinet shelf . they stop on certain item ... a container of tylenol ... a lotion for dry skin ... a bottle of allergy drop ... cough syrup ... a tube of muscle pain ointment ... David just stand quietly for a beat before turn and look across to he own identical mirrore medicine cabinet . there be three thing on the shelf ... disposable razor . shaving cream . and cologne . David 's mouth open just a little bit as he stare . CUT to : int . front hall - night all the light be out . David move through the darkness down the stare in jeans and a sweatshirt . he move to the coat closet . pull out the dark green rain poncho . the word " security " be almost fade away . he open and close the front door with virtually no SOUND . CUT to : ext . thirtieth STREET station - night rain fall like gunfire from the sky . David 's car pull into the massive rain station parking lot . David step out and pull the hood of the poncho over he head . CUT to : ext . metal stair - night a steel fence lead to a set of stair that travel down to the dozen of interconnected track below . David walk down about forty foot . a fence gate with a lock stop he progress . David look through the fence down to the track . just to the side be a construction site . crane and lift and various equipment stand idle in the area next to the section of train wreckage that have be bring to the station grounds for dismantle and salvage . the bent shape of the train piece can only be glimpse in outline as they sit in the darkness , hundred of foot away from the immaculately light train station . beat . a huge metallic crack echoes through the train yard as David kick open the fence door that hold he back from go down . CUT to : ext . train wreckage - night frighten twisted piece of metal glisten in the rain . David walk along the body of the cave - in passenger car . the passenger car be split in two . just before the tear , along the window line , the window have be crush in . a huge hole have be rip below the window expose the ravage interior . David stand before this heavily damage area of the car . he just stare at the wreckage . Water fall off the rim of he hood in front of he face . his eye drift over the ominous piece of deform metal . he take a couple slow breath as the sound of harsh rain fade away to silence . CUT to : flashback : ext . STREET - night silence . black . our vision clear to reveal the glaze icy top of a street . the SOUND of distant FIRE come into the silence . a twenty year old david dunne rise to he foot from the ground where he be lay amongst the fragment piece of windshield . he look down at himself . his football jacket be tear . so be he jeans ... he 's tremble slightly , but not bleed . he look up toward the noise . about thirty foot away be a Honda , upside down , wrap around a telephone pole . it 's front be on fire . through one of the crush door window , we see a woman' hand . Young David head toward he car . he slip a couple of time on the slick iced surface of the road . he kneel down next to the invert car . he look in the crush window frame . the face of a twenty year old megan be upside down . she be unconscious . david megan ... she do not answer . her body be twitching as it sit pin behind the wheel . David pull at the handle of the mangle door . it 's wedge tight . it will not move . the heat from the fire be tremendous . David 's powerful arm keep pull with all they strength . we hear the creak of metal ... the door bend unnaturally and then practically rip OPEN . David lean into the car and unbuckle megan . he work she out underneath the steering column . he slide out . her leg be bleed . David pick she up and carry she to the grass next to the road . he lay she down gently . david megan ? he just stare at she . she do not respond . a light washes over they . David turn to see a truck approach up the road . David wave frantically . the truck slow . David turn back to megan . her eye be open . tear fall from David 's face as he move the hair out of she eye . she look at David . megan ( soft ) I think I be dead . beat . david I too . the driver of the truck slip and slide he way over to David . driver be she all right ? david I think she leg be fracture . driver be you injure ? beat . David look at megan who lay shiver in the grass . he look back at the driver . david ( soft ) my shoulder 's hurt . the driver nod . driver hold on . I get a c.b. in the truck . the driver move back to he truck . David take megan 's hand in he and wait in the grass by the sight of they car on fire . CUT to : present : ext . train wreckage - night David stand utterly still in the graveyard of train 177 . CUT to : int . hallway - night the wheel of elijah 's wheelchair move down the hall as he follow the SOUND of the phone ringing . he follow the SOUND to a phone ringing in the storage room of the store . there be shelf and shelf of comic book . thousands of they file away in neat pile . elijah pick up the phone a little out of breath . elijah hello . david' voice elijah ? beat . elijah David ? nothing be say on the other line for a couple of beat . we hear the echoed din of a large room filled with people and movement in the background . david' voice what be I suppose to do ? elijah close he eye . his face fill with strength . CUT to : int . thirtieth STREET station philadelphia - night the interior of the station be a mystical sight . one huge cavernous room , a football field in size , line on both side with giant pillar that rise into a misty hand paint ceiling . elijah ( v.o. ) David , it 's okay to be afraid . because this part will not be like a comic book ... Real life do not fit into little box that be draw for it . David stand in a quiet corner and watch the face of passenger arrive and depart late night train . even at the late hour , there be heavy traffic throughout the station . elijah ( v.o. ) go to where people be ... you will not have to look very long . David stare out at the midnight traveler . beat . he start towards they . he pass the tower black statue stand at the far end of the station . it watch over the whole building . it 's in the form of a angel lift a soldier to heaven . David move through the first group of people - a crisscross of arrive passenger from track one and two . they brush by he and lightly bump he as they move . flash CUT : we be no longer in the train station . a blond woman in her twenties stand at a counter in a crowded store . she slide the silver bracelet and earring she be looking at off the glass counter and into her purse . no one sees . slam CUT back to present : David turn and glance at the blonde woman as she walk away from he towards the exit of the train station . he do not stop move . David head towards the densest part of the floor . the area near the information board . sleepy friend and tired family member stand and wait . a steady spider - like web of movement flow as six track let out on either side . David move to the center . his rain poncho almost touch the marble floor . line of passenger emerge from train below the main level move steadily on either side of he . David look down and gently turn the palm of he hand out as they at he side . his finger top graze the jacket and clothes of the passenger walk by . dozen and dozen of people pass . nothing happen . then a man in a crumpled shirt and slicked back hair brushes by ... flash CUT : the slicked blacked haire man leans out the window of a truck . he's holding a bottle of Beer . slicked hair man go back to Africa ! the slicked hair man throws the bottle with force as he pass a clack family walking on the sidewalk . the bottle shatter as it hit a woman in the group . slam CUT back to present : David 's eye dart up as the slicked haire man turn the corner at the information booth . he watch he for a beat . flash CUT : we be in a bedroom . a young man in he late teens look down at a girl laying in a pile of overcoat on a bed . there be loud music and laughter coming from somewhere downstair . teenager what 's you name ? I think you drank too much . the girl moan something inaudible as she roll on her side . her skirt ride up her thigh . the young man stare at her and then get up . he make sure no one be looking before close the door . he lock it from the inside . slam CUT back to present : David watch the teenager with baggy jeans hang off he hip . he walk and greet a group of identically dress friend . beat . David turn he hand back in . he seem shake . he take a couple of deep breath as he gather himself . then David step back to look around . he bump the shoulder of a man stand behind he . David take a sudden breath like someone punch he in the solar plexus . flash CUT : a enormous man with glassy eye stand before a screen side door . he's balding . the hair he doe have be shoulder length . he eclipsing shadow fall on the conservative looking man who stand on the other side of the screen door inside the house . glassy eyed man can I come in ? man in house who be you ? glassy eyed man I like you house . can I come in ? man in house what be this ? ( beat ) no you can not come in . beat . glassy eyed man be you sure ? the enormous glassy eye man take hold of the screen door handle . he turn it . the man inside the house grab the door handle on the inside to stop he . man in house what be you do ? the man inside the house use all he strength to keep the door from open ... it open slowly anyway . slam CUT back to present : David stand freeze in the train station . his face be almost unreadable . David be stand less than a foot away from the man he bump . they be stand shoulder to shoulder . David 's eye slowly move from the ground over he right and then finally onto the man . he 's huge . at least three inch taller than David . his shoulder be massive . he 's wear a one piece orange uniform . the man in the orange uniform lean over a trashcan next to he and remove the full trash bag within it . he replace it with a fresh one . he throw the full trash bag into a gray plastic bin with wheel and start push it . David watch the man head across the floor towards a double door mark " Station maintenance staff only " . four identical gray bin sit outside the door . the huge man disappear with he bin inside . David wait . he just stare hard at the double door . nothing happen for the longest time ... no one come out . David make a decision . he start towards the door . and then they open . the huge glassy eye man in orange emerge carry a bag over he shoulder . he 's wear a baseball hat with he uniform now . he head toward a back exit . David let he get about twenty foot away before decide to follow he . CUT to : ext . residential STREET - night the man in the orange uniform walk in the drive rain down a residential city block . almost all the light in the middle class home he 's pass be off at this late hour . no one be out walk except he and David dunne fifty foot behind . the orange figure turn the corner onto a block of modest stand alone home . the uniform man walk slower in this block . he look around carefully as he move . he turn into a driveway of one of the home . he stop and pull a wad of mail out of the mailbox . David stand with the hood of he security coat cover he head and face . he stand in the shadow and watch silently as the man in the orange uniform look over he massive shoulder before turn a knob and enter the white panele house through a familiar side door with a screen on it . CUT to : int . laundry room - night the side door open with almost no sound . the hood figure of David dunne step into a narrow laundry room . the SOUND of a television be heard from another room . a very large pile of unopen mail sit in a mound on the clothes dryer . two or three day worth . David shut the door very slowly . CUT to : int . kitchen - night the sound of cheering from the television in the next room spill into the kitchen . David stare out from under he hood at the mess . cabinet be leave open . empty can of food sit on the counter with a handful of unwash dish . the breakfast table be the eeriest thing in the room . it sit freeze with a plate of half - eat , now moldy egg at one set and two bowl of colorful cereal in another . the cereal have dissolve in the old milk . two cockroach be crawl in the bowl . David move slowly to a door in the kitchen . it 's slightly open . as David get closer , he shield he face from the strong smell . he pull the door open quietly . a shaft of kitchen light fall down the stair into the basement . at the bottom of the stair be a man' body . the same man who answer the door in the flashback lay partly in the shadow , partly in the light . his crumpled tie lie fold over itself on he still chest . CUT to : int . family room - night a boxing match blare on the television . empty beer bottle and coke can sit in a pyramid on the coffee table . David step into the unoccupy room . his movement be slow and tense . thud of heavy footstep come from the ceiling of the room . David look up and follow the SOUND as it move around above he . David move to the stair as someone get knocked out on the television . CUT to : int . girl be room - night Three close door converge on a landing . David open the close one . it 's a young girl 's room . poster of boy band be on she wall . clothes be everywhere . the room be empty . a noise come from the half OPEN bathroom door attached to the bedroom . CUT to : int . bathroom - night a slightly overweight girl , probably fourteen year old be tie by she wrist with a phone cord to the metal towel rack in she bathroom . she sit with she arm point upward over she head . he knee tuck up to she chest . next to she be she young brother . a skinny boy , maybe twelve . he 's tie and seat in the same way . they head be lean back against they arm . they be completely listless . eye half mast . they watch as the door to the bathroom open and the dark hood figure of David dunne step in . his long dark slow rain poncho still drip water . he stand in the doorway for a moment before move towards they . they do not react in anyway as David reach for the phone cord and unty they . they be arm flop to they lap as they gaze up at the figure lean over they . they boy blink once slowly . David take a step back and stare at they from under he hood . david you need to leave now . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night a exercise bike in the corner of the bedroom have be turn into a clothes hanger long ago . the t.v. across the bed have frame family photo display on top of it . David 's shadow pass over they as he move towards the open bathroom on the other side of the bedroom . a woman be tie to the bathroom door handle . she sit on the tile floor slump against the door . her eye stare blankly at the ground . she have considerable bruise on she face and arm . David stand before she . david ( soft ) where be he ? the woman do not answer , but a SOUND come from the screen door nearby . the curtain drape the screen door move with the wind from outside . David cross the room and push aside the curtain . it lead to a small balcony . a empty lawn chair be the only thing on it . David step onto the balcony and look down . the rain still pour down unmercifully . it come down on a black tarp that cover a pool in the backyard . David turn to go back inside . a blurr of orange attack he . the collision be sudden and explosive . the huge man drive he shoulder into David 's chest and take he off he foot . David 's body flip over the railing . the dark green rain poncho flap in the wind as he fall two storey directly towards the black tarp . CUT to : ext . pool - night David land on he stomach with a tremendous slap onto the nylon black tarp . there 's a thin layer of rain water on the tarp 's surface . David be lay on he cheek . half he face be cover in water . beat . David 's expose eye look around in a daze . the surface of the tarp get pound by the rain . David use he hand to push he body off the tarp . his hand sink into the water as he pressure push the tarp down . the first sound of nylon sliding against concrete start . David stop push . his vision catch the corner of the swim pool as the tarp slide out from under the sand bag that hold it in place . the tarp sag . David become utterly still . the SOUND continue anyway . one by one the tarp start slide out from under the sand bag all around the edge of the pool . and then without warning , the tarp cave in . it fold around David as he and the tarp get pull under the cold dark water . CUT to : ext . under water - night David 's body be tangle in the pool cover . his leg and arm thrash against the constrict black tarp . he 's drown . glimpse of light from the house pierce the darkness under water . the blurred image of a distant figure high above on a balcony flicker and disappear . the last of the tarp slide out from under the sandbag that old it in place around the edge of the pool . the rain keep fall . the tarp move like it 's alive underwater . it shift and wrap David tighter with every movement . glimpse of light again . two SMALL figure now stand in a blurred silhouette near the edge of the pool . flash of something shiny they 're holding ... a rod or pole ... it's shaky nebulous image waiver in the AIR above the surface . David 's only free hand reach for the light . it catch the silver pole . the tangle mass of David and the tarp be pull slowly towards the edge of the pool . David 's head and shoulder emerge from the darkness . he take hold of the pool 's edge . huge desperate breath as he pull he body out from the water and the grasp of the tarp . he haul himself onto the ground . he sit hunch over in a dark mass , he head down under he hood . the rain poncho cover he like a blanket . beat . he rise to he foot . the water rush off of he . his breathe be slow , calming . he stand in a silhouette from the light of the house . he turn and look to the two small figure stand near the edge of the pool . the child from the bathroom stand still in the rain . they be hold a aluminum pole with a brush head for clean the pool . they stare up at the hood figure . no one say anything . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night the man in the orange one - piece uniform stand over the woman tie to the door handle of the bathroom . his back be to we . he 's drink from a beer bottle as he look down at she . he do not notice the third presence come into the room . he do not hear he move closer . right behind he . the man in orange take another sip of he beer , not realize a arm be reach over he ... he do not get to swallow the sip in he mouth . David dunne 's powerful arm wrap around the man 's thick neck . David 's hand clamp together like and iron vise . he squeeze . the man 's beer bottle crash to the ground as he neck begin to get crush . David yank back hard , pull the man off balance . the man 's leg push back violently , send both of they backwards across the room . they come to a hard stop as David 's back get rammed into the bedroom wall . the huge man in orange pull away and then slam david harder against the wall . David 's arm remain lock around he throat . the man become frantic . his face turn dark red . he clutches at David 's arm . he spin , take David with he into another wall . the impact be tremendous . the room shake . David hold on . his face bent low and hide under he hood . and then the man in orange throw a powerful elbow back . it land hard right in David 's side . David groan . the huge man deliver another one . Savage , desperate blow . we hear the impact of each one with david' body . and David never let go . the elbow slow and then stop . the leg of the man in orange start to buckle . David pull he back onto he heel . he turn he in a half circle . all of he tremendous weight be hang from David 's arm now . David lets out a yell as he apply all he strength . the man 's leg stop kick . David keep turn he . the man 's body go completely limp . David 's just drag two hundred and seventy - five pound of weight in a circle over the carpet now . David slowly come to a stop . he stand there with he arm wrap around the man 's neck .... the man 's limb dangle down to the ground . beat . David 's hand let go of each other . his arm slip out from under the man 's jaw . the man in orange crumple to the ground like a rag doll . the only SOUND in the room be david' heavy breathing . beat . he move to the woman slump against the door . he start to untie the phone cord that bind she wrist to the handle . he whisper to she . david ( soft ) it 's over now . ( beat ) you child be fine . they be get help . he unty she wrist . her arm stay above she head where they be . david ( soft ) I be go to go now . he stare at the woman whose eye stare blankly at he . she sit unnaturally still against the door with she arm above she head . the mascara that have run down she face and dry , have track where countless tear have roll down . David move he hand near she mouth and nose . he check for the feel of breath against he hand . beat . he rise up . remove he hood . David dunne stand silently in the master bedroom of someone 's house and gaze at the dead woman freeze in a slump position against she bathroom door . CUT to : int . front hall - night the front door open to silence . the silhouett figure of David step into the darkness of he home . CUT to : int . closet - night the dark green fade security poncho get hang back on its hook in the closet next to the family winter coat . CUT to : int . jeremy' bedroom - night David enter the quiet of Jeremy 's room . Jeremy lay sound asleep . David stare down at the shadowy figure of he son . he pull the blanket over the boy 's small shoulder . CUT to : int . david' bedroom - night David sit on the edge of the empty bed in the darkness of he room . he do not make a sound . he do not move a inch . he be so still , he seem to disappear into the shadow of the room . CUT to : int . guest bedroom - night megan stir in she sleep . she shift she head on the pillow . then she body rise into the AIR . she start to wake as she float across the room . she open she eye and see David close by . he 's carry she in she arm . he move up the stair with she . no word be speak . CUT to : int . there bedroom - night they enter they bedroom . David lay she down gently on she side of the bed . she watch as he walk out of sight . he lay down right behind she . he cover she with he arm ... his hand be shaking . beat . he speak softly . david ( soft ) I have a bad dream . David tuck he head in close to hers and close he eye . megan lay stunne in she husband 's arm . beat . megan ( soft ) it 's over now . she close she eye too as the tear start come . dissolve to : ext . STREET - day downtown Philadelphia . people move up and down the sidewalk in front of the storefront . David dunne be among they . he cross the street in front of the Limited edition . the front door of the store be open . a banner over the door read , " annual sale . " CUT to : int . limite edition - day the compact store be crowded with customer . David spot elijah with a group of people before a frame painting of a comic hero . David move to a less crowded area of the store and wait . he turn and look at a frame sketch . beat . a older woman walk over from a near by picture and join David . woman ... see the villain 's eye . they be larger than the other character ' . they insinuate a slightly skew perspective of how they see the world . just off normal . David stare at the draw . david he do not look very threaten . woman that 's what I say to my son . he say , there 's always two kind . the soldier villain who fight the hero with he hand , and then there 's the real threat . the brilliant and evil arch enemy who fight the hero with he mind . David turn and look at the strike and beautiful African american woman in she sixty who stand next to he . david be you elijah 's mother ? the woman turn and look at David for the first time . elijah' mother I be . I be help he with the sale . david it 's a pleasure to meet you . I be David dunne . elijah' mother he 's speak of you . he say you be become friend . david we be . David look across the store at elijah talk with the customer . david he 's do well today . elijah' mother I be very proud of he . ( beat ) he 's be through a lot in he life . a lot of up and downs , a lot of bad spell . a couple I would think have break he ... I mean emotionally . ( beat ) they be bad ... but he make it . yes he do . david he 's kind of a miracle . elijah' mother yes he be . they both watch elijah from across the room . elijah' mother I will tell he you be here . David watch as elijah 's mother walk across the store and wait for elijah to finish talk . David turn back to the frame sketch . he look at it with he hand in he pocket . beat . David 's stare turn into a gaze . his gaze turn into stillness . the sketch be of a withere man with large tense eye . he sit in the shadow . he 's seat in some type of machine . there be lot of button and lever on the machine . the machine have wheel . David turn from the sketch . he look across the room to elijah seat in he wheelchair . elijah 's large eye stay focus on the customer 's as he finish negotiate . David turn back to the sketch . he look at it with grow confusion . the more you look at draw , the more the machine the man be seat in look like a wheelchair . David look back across the store . elijah and he mother be talk . elijah have spot David . beat . elijah start across the crowded store towards David . he wheel up to he . elijah do you see this ? elijah have a newspaper on he lap . he hold it up . there 's a draw on the front page . it 's a hood figure shield two huddle child behind he . elijah ( soft ) it have begin . David stare quietly at the sketch of himself . elijah when I see it this morning . I feel a part of the world again . elijah look down at the newspaper . David hesitates and then reach forward . he reach past the paper ... and touch elijah' arm . flashcut : a airport gate . elijah be stand at the window looking out onto the airfield . he's crying . siren start sounding throughout the airport . waiting passengers start getting up and moving to the window . man what 's go on ? elijah speak to no one in particular as he stare out the window with torture eye . elijah a plane just crash . CUT to : flash CUT : elijah and a elderly man in a uniform be seated in a HOTEL bar . elderly man I have work here twenty - five year . I know all its secret . elijah secret ? elderly man ( whisper ) like if there be ever a fire on floor one , two , or three ... everyone in this hotel would be burn alive . elijah look up from he drink . CUT to : flashcut : elijah leave the engineering room of a amtrak train . he pass the engineer who have just arrive with coffee . engineer passenger be not allow in there . elijah do not answer and do not turn around as he exit train 177 . slam CUT back to present : David take two unsteady step back . elijah have tear in he eye as he gaze down at the newspaper . he look up to David . elijah ( low voice ) I almost give up hope . there be so many time I question myself . I have make so many sacrifice but it 's all be worth it . ( beat ) there be million and million or mediocre people in the world David . be not it great that we be not one of they ? David look like he stop breathe as he back up in the store . customer step between he and elijah . elijah become obscure and then block from view . CUT to : ext . STREET - day David emerge from the store slowly . he brace himself against a park car and then keep on walk in a nightmarish daze . we pull back as David dunne blend in with dozen and dozen of ordinary people , walk on a ordinary street , in a ordinary city . fade to black :