" under FIRE " screenplay by Clayton frohman and ron shelton Story by Clayton frohman shoot draft somewhere in africa ext . grassy plain - dusk bird be flushed from hiding . a soldier carry a automatic weapon rise up out of the grass and look around . a mortar shell explode nearby . there be no sound effect . he seem unperturb . several more explosion in the field . the soldier motion with he arm and : fifty more soldier rise up out of the grass more small explosion . freeze frame with a click -click of a camera -- still no fx . the soldier run through the grass following there leader as they do , the platoon leader wave he arm again . five elephant charge out of the shrubbery through a field of small mortar explosion . freeze frame with the click -click of a camera . the elephant charge out across the plain each carry a enormous load of supplies , and each be ride by a soldier with a rifle . a helicopter gunship dive out of the sky fire rocket at the soldier and elephant . a tribal mask be paint on the nose of the chopper . the elephant rear up in terror the soldier on the elephant stand up and aim rifle at the chopper and begin fire . the chopper attack the elephant against a African sunset . freeze frame dissolve to : int . / ext . lobby of the ' new people's HOTEL ' - dawn a door slam o.s. and the figure of russell price , 30 , appear at the top of some stair . sleepy -ey , he pull on a multi - pockete fishing vest over a baggy shirt . he carry a beat up canvas bag over he shoulder . a black woman , 40 , sleep at the lobby switchboard desk . another old black man sweep the floor . price mumble a ' good morning ' and go to two vintage ww ii vend machine -- one for candy , one for coca -cola . he busy two candy bar and a coke , and begin eat he " breakfast " as he cross the lobby . ext . the HOTEL - dawn jimmy , a cab driver , have be sleep in a chair against the wall . several street vendor have they ware laid out on the sidewalk against the hotel . some be shade by makeshift awning , some be not . Jimmy rise as price arrive ; there be familiar ritual in they greeting . they cross the street together toward Jimmy 's wait taxi , a hand - paint purple old american car with the word on the door , " New people 's taxi company " and Jimmy 's name in script above it . price hand a candy bar to Jimmy . price ' Morning , Jimmy , think you could squeeze I in ? jimmy where be you would care to go at once , Mr. price ? price bang-bang . jimmy twenty dollar . price hand he a wad of bill . price you be a thief , Jimmy . Jimmy smile broadly , nodd , then point to the sky . jimmy booteeful picture , huh , snap -snap ? price I do not do sky . the two man get into the strange cab park in front of a open marketplace just start to come alive ; the cab drive off . ext . a remote african village - day the taxi arrive , and price get out . price amble over to stand in the early morning shade against a old building . a hand - paint image of che guevarra -- with a X paint over it -- be on one wall . price pull a joint from he pocket and light up , take a hit . the sound of war machinery soon interrupt the stillness . price hurry to the corner . p.o.v . a jeep leading a army convoy price pull a handful of color rag from he pocket and pick out a yellow kerchief , tie it to he arm . price then step boldly into the street in front of the approach convoy . he exchange shout with a officer in a jeep , and with a motion be give permission to join . price climb into the last of three troop truck each truck be fill with perhaps 25 African soldier in khaki , each hold a automatic rifle . another jeep follow , towing a World War ii cannon . CUT to : inside the troop truck - day price ( cheerily ) hi , guy . the soldier look over disinterestedly . two dozen case of coca - cola be tie to a stretcher among stack of gun . as price settles in for the ride , he begin pull camera from he bag . quickly and automatically , rarely look , he switch lense , load film , and prepare he camera . he have do this a thousand time . a single white soldier -- oate , rise from among the black , and shakily make he way toward price . a mercenary dress in a rag uniform of he own design , carry two machine gun and a .45 . he smile broadly , recognize price . hodge slap price 's hand as if they be teammate . oate g'damn , price , you tuna suck piece of raw meat -- whatchyou goin ' to Zambeze for ? price think I would get some great shot of you head gettin ' blow to smithereen . oate smithereen ?! be a great fuckin ' picture , eh ? price be a prize winner . oate ( proudly ) ya think so ? ( beat ; change tone ) Trade ya some greeny for a joint . ( beat ) I gotta have a joint . price I be on the wagon , man , sorry . oate ( shrug ) ahh . dope-wise , this place suck . ( look around , lean in confidentially ) lotta fuckin ' coon around here , eh ? they nod . he laugh obscenely and deeply . price I think you be fight for the government ? oate I be . this be the government . price this be the rebel . oate fuck they be . this be a government convoy to calunda . price this be the abou-deian Revolutionary Front . pause . oate you be shitting I . pause . finally oate start laugh uncontrollably . oate this guy be piss if they know , eh ? ( price nod in agreement ; oate suddenly get serious ) this be the dumbest motherfucker I ever sign up for . do not pay shit either . ( price nod in agreement ) Nicaragua . that 's the spot . cheap shrimp , lotta ray -- real thin in the spook department too , dig ? CUT to : ext . the rebel' airfield - day the convoy rumble past a check - point into a small airfield contain a motley collection of DC - 3's and old plane . two russian advisor and three cuban advisor watch . oate well hell ... I wonder where the fuckin' guvmint be ? as he speak , the cab of the truck be rock with a mortar shell and explode . Soldiers scramble to safety . some grab the gun be transport . two soldier grab the stretcher of coke and start run for safety . smoke and explosion be everywhere -- they abandon they cargo and run for cover . oate scramble to safe ground quickly and instinctively , look around wildly to " read " the situation . price dive next to he . a soldier be hit and goe down nearby , staggering towards price and oate . a dc-3 goe up in flame in the background the wounded soldier reach for oate who dart out quickly and drag the injure rebel to safety . price have he cameras out at once and be fire away . two rebel soldier point to the stretcher of coca - cola and start move toward it through the smoke . they want to rescue the soft drink . price leap from he bunker and race toward they dangerously , wave and shouting as he do . price hold it ! hold it ! they do not speak English but stop at he craziness . price stop and aim he camera , and as he do he motion for the soldier to continue . p.o.v. the framed image -- soldier , smoke and coke in b.g . as the soldier move toward the Coke , price snap picture after picture . a mortar explosion blows the coca - cola to a million bit the two soldier stop short -- several more step and they would have be kill . price 's intrusion have accidentally save they . the two soldier run toward safety , bewilder and scared . on the airfield - the smoke clear and all be calm gradually the airfield come back to life . several team of medic run with stretcher from the hut and begin gather body . rebel soldier appear from every conceivable shelter and move across the field . oate emerge and meet price on the tear up runway amidst the rubble . they look around at the devastation . oate well , I guess we know where the guvmint be . price ( cynically ) you can walk to work from here . oate convenient , be not it ? oate start to walk away , then stop and speak earnestly , as if try to connect to a real world that do not exist . oate my brother just get marry . price I do not know you brother . suddenly , the distant roar of a jet . all the soldier on the field scan the horizon ; price look up . the air raid siren go off . a jet dive out of the sky toward the airfield oate and the soldier dive to cover jet streak overhead and , instead of rocket and bomb , it drop something else : the sky be filled with a million piece of paper the jet pull out and disappear . all be quiet again as the million papers flutter in the sky above the airfield . out of frustration a single soldier fire a couple of shot at the paper . price grab a piece of paper out of the air . it be : a picture of a swimming pool in front of a california house he stare at the image and turn it over . there be write on the backside in Spanish and Russian . he look around . oate wander over with a handful of the leaflet . price what 's this ? oate great shit , eh ? price try to read the write on the back as oate look at a leaflet familiarly . oate U.S. gummint offer this house to any Cuban pilot fly mig for the rebel who choose to defect to America with a Russian jet . we know they be not gonna run off with no plane -- but the reb do not -- they be scared . they start think about that swim pool . damn near smell that chlorine . start workin ' on them , and pretty soon they do not let the cuby near a mig . use they own spook pilot and destroy they own air force in a week . guaran-fuckin - teed . price c.i.a .? oate ( proudly ) smartest guy in the world . ( afterthought ) hey , you gotta scoop here , eh ? you will be famous . oate shake hand with price who look at the picture . price ( dispassionately ) maybe . oate ( look around ) I gotta run ... have a good one . oate head off across the runway as papers continue blow down out of the sky ; price look up and speak to himself . price I love Africa . CUT to : int . HOTEL room at the new people's HOTEL - night claire stryder , 40 , read a report over the telephone as she time the call with a stopwatch . a photograph of Claire 's high - school - age daughter sit on she dresser . alex grazier , 50 , struggle with he tie and a drink at a dresser in the adjoin room . they connect room be litter with hand wash laundry and the paraphernalia of they trade -- typewriter , tape deck , book , note , picture . they love affair of three year be end . claire ( on the phone ) " ... and so this strange war that feature two provincial government , three rival liberation front , and at least twenty - five tribal association , grind into its seventh year ... " Alex pick up a melodica , a novelty wind instrument , and try to court she with " caravan " as she file she story . though mildly put off , she maintain she cool throughout the call . he think he 's Paul desmond . claire " ... the Battle for the airfield at abou deia be just another chapter in this endless story . from ndjamena , Chad , this be Claire stryder . " ( beat ) no -- you do not hear any music -- must be the connection . okay ? so long . she hang up and rise more irritate than angere . claire Alex , do not play that God damn thing when I be filing . ( beat ) we be late . quickly express , she anger pass . alex it 's my party -- we will be late . you call it a " strange war " and a " endless story . " if you file that story for I , I would say you be editorialishing . claire I like to editorialize . you drunk ? Alex love to be melo-dramatic and be quite conscious of he ability to charm . he 's also aware that it 's wear off with she . alex drunk ? only with the memory of make love with you on the plain of fianga as the first Army of Liberation march in and open fire . claire and freed the proletariat . Alex raise a drink . alex right . claire I be go to the party without you . she leave -- he quickly put on he coat and follow she . CUT to : int . the elevator go down - night alex Christ , I do not want to go to this stupid party . I be bad at false modesty . claire you be great at it . she straighten he half - tie tie in a act of familiar affection rather than motherliness . nervousness . she speak calmly -- this be ground they have already cover . claire Alex , you be go to make a great anchorman in New York and undoubtedly I could be a pulitzer Prize win hostess -- but I be not go with you . alex you can work out of the East Coast . we will get a place on Long Island and burn we suitcase . claire I still like suitcase . alex every Saturday night we will have a party ... invite all we friend , sit out on the veranda and interview each other . claire I have do all that . alex I have not . ( beat ; change tack ) well , God dammit , I be get tired of memorize who 's the president of the ... Republic of maldive . claire mamoon Abdul gayoom . alex yeah , he succeed mamoon Abdul gayeem . they both smile slightly as the elevator come to a stop . the door do not open , and the light flicker . alex and I be tired of third World elevator . he bang the door with he fist . it open , and they enter a dismal hallway . the sound of a party come from beyond . alex do not leave I . claire I already have . as they approach the door to the party , he speak with new toughness . alex fuck abou deia and New York . I be go to Nicaragua with you . claire no . alex I have hear it 's a neat little war with a nice hotel . CUT to : int . the room with the party - night a cheer go up for Alex as he and Claire enter . Party hat , booze , hand - make sign read " bon voyage , " etc . Fifteen journalist of vary nationality cover this backwater war . though both upset , they act as if everything be normal . price stand on a chair at the CENTER summoning Alex who move through the group with ease , instantly at home . price hold up a bottle of champagne in toast . price Alex , get up here ! Alex climb on a chair next to price who put he arm around he . price to the man who give I my first job , and fire I from my first job ... and give I my second job ... voice from crowd and fire you from you second job ... price just a few word , Alex . voice from crowd impossible ! can not be do ! etc. however miserable , Alex shine in this situation . he raise he hand -- silence . alex you may be ask yourself what exactly be you do here in this " strange war , just another chapter in a endless story ... that grind into its seventh year ... " Claire slip to the side bar and pour herself a drink , watch Alex and shaking she head with some affection . jimmy , the cab driver , enter with a cake cover with candle . the crowd part for the cake shape like the country of Chad . the crowd begin sing " caravan " in a half - drunken tribute to a man they like and respect . price move around the room taking picture of the party ; it be all casual , silly , fun . through camera p.o.v.'s of alex in a party hat , whip pan to cabby with the cake , whip pan to drunken journalist . through camera p.o.v. of claire -- freeze frame , pan follow she as she move through the room -- freeze frame , she pick up another drink and leave through a side door -- freeze frame . alex give in and join the singing , enjoy he own tribute once he have manage to give in to it . CUT to : int . the darkroom - red light Claire 's face be also cover with tear as she smoke , wander idly among clothespinn photo . a part of she life be end -- life with Alex -- but it 's not end neatly . a row of hanging photograph catch she eye . she stop and look closely -- then laugh in spite of herself at a series of picture : photo of a tall african native with a cock so long it be tied in a knot ; photo of a beautifully breasted african woman ; photo of several posing soldier ; photo of a photo -- the ranch house with pool ; photo self - portrait of price blowing smoke ring ; photo of claire and alex in happier day . claire pull the photo of alex and her from the clip and look at it . the door open , and price enter price oh . I do not know you be here . claire sure you do . you be take picture of I all over the room . price well ... yeah ... you look great . why be not you party ? claire in a minute . he notice the picture she 's look at . price I print that up for Alex . claire it would not be the great thing you could give he right now ... ( beat ) we just split up . price Jesus , I be sorry . who leave who this time ? claire I be the villain ... I think it could be a little cleaner this time -- I in Central America , he in New York . price that 's pretty clean . claire but he 's decide to go to Nicaragua too . price to cover you or the war ? claire to cover everything . silence . price move behind she and gently kiss she on the ear . she smile quickly and nervously . claire no . he kiss she on the neck . claire for godsake , Russell , listen . the sound of the party can be hear . he ignore they and move around she , try to kiss she on the lip . she put she hand over he mouth . price react strongly , flaring slightly and withdraw . price I do not want to wait for you again . we have be circle each other since the montreal Olympic . claire you be a genius of bad timing . ( beat ) I be go back to the party . she head to the door ; price stay . she stop before get there , hesitates , then pull the photo of the elephant from the string and return to price , hand he the photo . claire this be a great shot . price thanks . claire I have hear the light in Nicaragua 's even better . he do not respond . they stand for several moment -- the sound of the party get louder . she turn and head to Alex 's celebration , leave price alone in the darkroom . price look at claire as she leave , stare aimlessly for several moment , then focus back on he photo of the elephant . dissolve to : nicaragua 1979 ext . the street of managua - the capitol - afternoon close on : time magazine with cover photo of the elephant , gradually pull back to reveal other magazine , candy , cigar , nicaraguan toy , all in a corner shop , and finally : a FIRE truck lead a procession through the street -- a group of middle class nicaraguan woman carry a banner that read " we Revolution be in Christ " ( in Spanish ) , follow by three Catholic priest in bright robe , follow by a sound truck with p.a. system , follow by hundred of townspeople carry banana leave and religious sign . all be sing a Catholic hymn in a sway , hypnotic rhythm . small red and black flag be scattered throughout . a cab drive through the street run into the parade and stop . price sit in the front seat -- he luggage be tie precariously to the roof . the trunk of the cab have be smashed in beyond repair . price hop out of the cab with he camera bag -- he do not know what the parade be about but it look great . he hand the cabbie some money to stay nearby . price wait here . he run to join the procession . price hop onto the running board of the FIRE truck and almost simultaneously he light meter be out . he be surround by image : SMALL girl dressed as angel line the STREET , townspeople hang from doorway and window , ice cream cart among RELIGIOUS icons , soldier with gun stand in SMALL group along the parade route . price be quickly taking picture of everything , change camera , occasionally take a quick light read ; he action be instinctive and automatic . suddenly : ten young teenager burst into the parade they wear red and black handkerchief , baseball cap , and strange mask . they be chant : teenage boy rafael , rafael , rafael ... libre of muerte ... rafael ... a large painting of the face of rafael be carry aloft on a stick , drape with red and black scarve . price photograph the boy and the painting . national guard soldier shove into the parade up and down the street they spring into action , run for position with they gun . a ice cream vendor be knock down , a mother clutches she " angel " daughter , another child be whisk inside a door as the Soldiers break into the procession . the " muchachos " with rafael turn to run but realize that the soldier have cut off they escape . three soldier break into the parade and be separate from the boy only by a group of Priests . trapped , the boy panic , but as the soldier push towards they : the priest block the soldier and intentionally scuffle with they , allow the boy just enough time to dart into a house . one of the boy drop the picture of rafael as he head in the door . the crowd push forward , the route to the door be block off , and the boy escape . soldier find the portrait of rafael and shoot it full of hole with they automatic weapon . price photograph " rafael " as he image be rip to shred with bullet . the sing and the parade march on . CUT to : ext . the intercontinental HOTEL in managua - later - day overlook managua be a sub-tropical paradise that seem far remove from a brutal civil war , this one time tourist water hole serve as home base to the international press . the cab pull up , and price get out . the driver unty he luggage from the roof as two PRESS corp member recognize price and greet he as a old friend . CUT to : ext . the HOTEL pool and outdoor bar - day ( dusk ) alex sit with a beautiful nicaraguan woman , 35 , at a table as PRESS corp member mingle . a man we will come to know as hub kittle , 40 , dress New York casual , table hop in the b.g . price sees alex and sneak over to drop the time magazine over he shoulder onto the table in front of he . without look up , Alex know price have arrive . he smile . alex welcome to managua . they shake hand warmly , and price sit down . price point to the cover as a beer be serve . price you have something to do with this ? alex well ... I think of call you photograph " picture from a lose War " ... I be great at caption -- the New York editor love it since none of they know where the hell Chad be anyway -- it legitimize they ignorance , get you a cover , I a feature , and package a class struggle in two word . nifty , eh ? price nifty . Russell acknowledge isela cruz sit with Alex . price I be Russell price . alex I be sorry ... this be isela Cruz . she work for the hotel and help out as a translator . isela my pleasure . in the background claire walk into the pool - bar area she carry she handbag and some papers -- she stop short see price sit with Alex . she hesitates , start toward they , stop , and sit down at the bar at the opposite end of the pool . price see she , and she see price . they pretend they do not . price turn to isela and launch into a stream of break , chauvinistic Spanish with he usual elegance . price ( in Spanish ) look like you guy have a lot of bang - bang down here , eh ? Little misunderstanding between the poet and the government ? isela " misunderstand ? ! " " down here " it 's call a war . it start in nineteen thirty . before you be bear . alex my Spanish be a little out of shape -- what would he say ? isela he say he consider it a honor to be able to photograph we war . price look at each of they and decide not to push . alex Russell 's get a way with word . isela I can tell . price you be a helluva translator . isela I know . I be much in demand around here . will you excuse I ? if you have any question , just ask . Alex stand to help isela from she chair . price press on , instinctively and effortlessly . price who be rafael ? alex it depend who you ask . Alex turn to isela , who stop as she rise . isela rafael ? comandante rafael . he be either a marxist dupe of Russia and Cuba ... ( beat ) ...or the most popular leader of a most popular democratic revolution . ( to price cynically ) take you pick . price I do not really give a damn ... but the guy 's get a great face . a beat , then price ask he question almost sexually , as if he think he could seduce isela , rafael , the whole war . price how would he like to be photograph ? isela you would never find he . price wanta lay odd ? isela you would lose . ( beat ) you must excuse I . she start to leave again , and again he stop she . price just one more thing -- be rafael own by the c.i.a. or the k.g.b .? I will figure out the rest . isela seem to welcome the question . her tone be less flip , and she focus hard on price . isela Mr. price ... the world be not divide into East and West anymore . it be divide into North and South . by the time you people figure that out -- it will be too late . ( beat ) congratulation on you cover . she touch he time magazine , kiss Alex on the cheek , and float magically through the pool area . price frame she with he finger as if compose a shot . p.o.v. of isela through price finger isela kiss another journalist , grab someone 's hand , and land gracefully at another table . price so far this war 's get it all over Africa . alex you be gonna have a ball . alex place he hand over price " frame " block out he view of the sexy isela . though Alex 's tone be gentle , the threat be obvious . alex hand off . I need a interpreter more than you do right now . price take the hint . price you still hang in there with Claire ? Alex choose he word carefully and speak slowly . alex I be hang in there like a interim post - war government wait for the palace to be overrun ... by young man . silence and a uneasiness that Alex intend . price manage a smile . price younger man . Alex smile disarmingly . claire rise at the opposite bar , pick up she papers , and head straight for the two man with a bounce in she step . both men be a bit surprised at her entrance and she hand a stack of mail to Alex . claire hi , Alex ... Russell ! when do you get in ? price just now . she shake price 's hand in a friendly manner that come out awkwardly , then race past the moment to address and entertain both man . claire you be not go to believe this -- I just beat you guy and everybody else here to a story ... ( she tease they ) ... exclusive ... eat you heart out . price what would ya get ? claire I have just be promise a private interview with tacho . alex ( impressed ) congratulation . the bastard will not talk to I . price who 's tacho ? they turn to price as if everyone know who tacho be . claire that 's President somoza 's nickname . price I do not know who the player be yet . alex want I to order you a hot dog and a program ? a bit of tension and awkwardness -- Claire quickly take control and change the tone . claire fellas ! no fight after six at night , all right ? curfew. ( beat ) C 'mon , we have all get something to celebrate . CUT to : int . the viking club of managua - night corrugate metal roof , thatched hut booth , a strange combination of decorative and architectural device . daisy william , a large black woman from Nicaragua , sing " I Left my heart in San Francisco " with a mediocre jazz group . hub kittle be present , and other journalist drop by the table to say hello . a boy photographer , 13 , aim a ancient bellow type polaroid at a booth in which Claire sit between Alex and price . they be hold a pose indefinitely while the boy struggle with the camera . they hold up the time cover and a couple of beer in celebration , and when he finally snap the picture -- no flash . the boy put the camera down disappointedly . boy photographer ( in break English ) sometimes it do not work . the three journalist relax they pose . price let I look . on the bandstand Daisy have just finish " San Francisco " and spot Alex , motion to he . daisy ladeez and gen'mun , hep I get aaleex ov ' here ... Daisy applaud lightly for Alex to join they . Alex be equally pleased and embarrassed . alex there 's not many piano bar leave where I be still welcome . claire go ahead . alex if she can not sing in the key of C I be in trouble . Alex excuse himself and join Daisy on the bandstand . price and Claire be leave alone in the booth as price hand the repair camera back to the boy . alex at the piano begin a slow , easy cocktail version of " stardust , " the song of he generation perhaps , and he seem happy , seduce by he own chord . price and claire resume there pose , and this time the camera flash . price pay for the picture from the boy . at first there be a moment of awkwardness between they . price well ... claire " well " ... you finish you assignment in Chad ? price get Africa all wrap up and pouch to my editor . she smile and relax a bit at the typical price remark . claire you be go to love this war , Russell ... there 's good guy , bad guy , cheap shrimp ... ( a afterthought ) and Alex be still sing in the background . ( beat ) I miss you . price we gotta get alone somewhere to talk . alex begins singing as he play . he sing like a trumpet player -- no voice but great phrasing . he half smile as he sing , enjoy the song and enjoy make they uncomfortable . alex at the piano alex sometimes I wonder why I spend this lonely night , dream of a song ... back at the booth claire Jesus ... he 's do it on purpose . price Alex be one of the world 's lead expert on military strategy . they do not really want to talk about Alex though he presence be unavoidable . price change gear , get slightly goofy , and steer the conversation to more comfortable turf . price well , hell , I just get off the boat ... gimme the scoop on Nicaragua ... claire well ... about sixty year ago the U.S. Marines invade to protect american business interest and put down a peasant revolt lead by a little man who wear a giant cowboy hat -- he name be augusto sandino ... in nineteen thirty - four he be murder at a peace conference , and the somoza family have rule ever since ... price no , no , no ... I do not mean the stuff about the peasant -- I mean the real stuff . she know what he mean , but she want to tease he a bit first . claire the " real " stuff ?... you mean a history of class struggle in agrarian society ? price no , c'mon ! claire oh. okay ... well ... ( beat ) just a couple thing . ( beat ) one -- there 's only two kind of beer available -- tona and Victoria . Victoria 's better . ( beat ) and two -- if you see miss Panama hang around the hotel bar -- hot , hot , hot -- but do not touch . she belong to tacho , and if anybody get catch with she then El presidente have promise to personally cut off the guy 's ... ( unsure which word to use ) price pecker ? claire yeah ... and throw it into Lake managua . price Jesus . claire and the lake 's already pollute . price be impressed , and yet another new face drop by the booth -- they both recognize and see he come , a contemporary of price , regis flynn , a scraggly british journalist who head over to they table hold three beer . price ( mutter to Claire ) be there anybody here we do not know ? claire no . regis slide into they booth , happy to see they . regis g'damn , price ... kudo on the African snap . ( shake hand , a perfunctory kiss on she cheek ) jeez , Claire , I have not see you since ... claire Three mile Island . regis yeah ... shit ... ( wistfully ) holiday Inn , right ? he nod ; they all sip beer and watch Alex sing . CUT to : int . the night club kitchen a teenage dishwasher look around nervously , then pull a paper sack from off the shelf , remove a strange mask from it . he pull the mask over he head . then from the bag he remove a hand - make zip gun , put a bullet in it , and dart into the shadow of a nook , wait . back to the booth where regis softly croon a few bar of " stardust " into Claire 's mike . the three of they be have a good time , mildly drunk at best , and uninhibit . CUT to : ext . the club as we hear Alex 's gentle rendition of the standard , a necking couple move back into the shadow of the club . each pull on a mask , as in the b.g. : isela and a elegant man arrive at the club the man , somehow out of place , dress with casual continental style , not overdo but expensive and tasteful -- clearly from another world . he wear a neat hat and move gracefully . isela look stun , dress for the evening . the doorman greet they familiarly . isela casually check she watch as they enter the club . the mask couple in the shadow check they watch . CUT to : int . the viking club as isela and the man enter , commanding attention without try . isela stop at the piano long enough to kiss Alex gently before sit in the booth with the man . in price booth the new arrival have catch they attention -- price and Alex still clown slightly , and Claire tease they . claire Jesus ... Louis Jordan walk in , and I be sit with the everly Brothers . regis before you fall in love -- that 's marcel jazy ... friend of wine , woman , and somoza . they say he 's a businessman ... claire ( interrupt ) he 's a businessman in search of a business ... he do not try very hard to cover up he connection to the c.i.a ... p.o.v. of jazy lighting isela's cigarette claire but look at he move -- can the c.i.a. light cigarettes like that ? price what 's wrong with the everly Brothers ? the waiter arrive at price booth and set down three shrimp cocktail and more champagne , as : int . the back door of the club it open quickly , and three more men in mask enter quickly . back to the booth as the waiter speak with a firm coolness . waiter please stay at you table , and you will not be hurt . a face in a mask move quickly past price table another masked face come out of the kitchen the dishwasher wave a gun . two masked face -- the couple -- enter through the front door the woman carry a automatic rifle and guard the entrance . three masked face appear almost materialize from thin air , move silently and without commotion . the music wind down slowly . ( six guerrilla total ) a guerrilla quickly sprays a image on the wall with a few deftly draw stroke , the face of rafael magically appear . the name " rafael " be write under the face , then other name and revolutionary slogan . as this take place : a woman guerrilla have a gun at the head of a nicaraguan businessman the middle - age , well - dress local sit with he wife and two other man . they freeze in fear , the nightclub freeze , as the guerrillas take control of the room swiftly and smoothly . one guerrilla face the nicaraguan businessman at the table and speak loudly but without panic . the mask guerrilla around the room be serious but nervous . guerrilla leader ( in Spanish ) we do not want to waste any ammunition on a head as empty as yours -- but we will . businessman ( in Spanish ) what be this ?! guerrilla leader ( in Spanish ) shut up ! get up ! the businessman refuse . the guerrilla leader take a hand grenade from he pocket and pull the pin without hesitation , then hold the grenade in front of he fearlessly , inch away from the businessman 's face . the businessman rise slowly . the leader motion toward the back door of the club . guerrilla leader ( in Spanish ) you be come with we -- you will not be hurt -- we will trade you for the release of some nicaraguan who care about Nicaragua . the woman with the gun shove it into the man 's head force he to move toward the kitchen door . price take picture quickly with a tiny camera that fit into the palm of he hand . neatly , surreptitiously , and calmly -- price be coolest in any crisis . claire punch on her tiny tape recorder instinctively , and a tiny red light come on . the businessman be shove to the door he hesitates , afraid to leave the room . the guerrilla shove the grenade in he face ; the woman stick the gun into he neck even deeper . masked guerrilla at the front door shout for they to hurry the bandmember -- including alex -- back away from the bandstand Alex trip over the drum set slightly -- a clanging clash of cymbal startles everyone , and as the drama freeze : the kitchen door swing OPEN , and the boy photographer emerge innocently , the young boy strut out of the kitchen to see what 's go on , and as he do the door strike the arm of the guerrilla with the grenade , and : the grenade be knocked free for a instant , everything freeze , and : the grenade roll across the floor Daisy Williams , the singer , run away scream as the grenade come to rest near a crowded section of the club . a guerrilla guard the side door rush for it , pick it up , and as he do : the grenade explode in the guerrilla's hand a brutal explosion -- the ceiling cave in partially , the musical instrument explode , and : the sandinista guerrillas dart from the room through various door . the boy photographer lie bloody . the guerrilla who pick up the grenade be a barely recognizable corpse . the businessman be soile but unhurt . one half of the club break out in flame as a break gas pipe feed a sudden outburst of fire , the club 's patron panic -- scream and shove towards the door as the room light up , and : price light meter be out at once follow quickly by a 35 mm camera , quickly click off picture after picture of the club amid the flame and panic . the new light make he job easier . price take a light reading near the body of the boy photographer . he see the boy 's camera lie nearby . price put away he light meter and feel the boy 's pulse , then put he ear to the boy 's heart -- make sure he be not still alive . LA guardia soldier and firemen fill the room CUT to : int . the PRESS room at the intercontinental HOTEL - later the chaos of a busy , cramped telex room . a switchboard -- several journalist try to place phone call . Press come and go -- coffee , cigarettes , and half - eat sandwich . claire tear a story off the telex while price stand to the side of the action eat a sandwich and watch . alex stand at the CENTER of it all establish as the senior figure ( or one of they ) to whom other , young journalist come for information . a young journalist , a time stringer , be slightly distraught on the phone , and interrupt Alex 's deal with other , cupping the phone , to announce : time stringer ... it 's Charlie , from New York -- say that a terrorist bombing of a Central american restaurant be not big enough to hold for the world section ... alex tell he we have picture . young journalist he know . alex tell he there be piece of body in the piano , and somebody be sing , " I Left my heart in San Francisco . " ( beat ) what 's he get better than that ? time stringer he 's get the Pope visit Egypt . Alex grab the phone in disgust and launch in . alex forget the Pope , Charlie . every week you get the Pope somewhere . this be a very big story down here because it 's the first sign of fight in managua . ( beat ) yeah , well get a map and look up Nicaragua -- ya drive to New Orleans and turn leave . while Charlie argue on the other end of the phone , Alex initial papers and perform several job at once . alex like hell I be editorializing , the whole thing happen in a roomful of c.i.a. and press . what do you want ?! ( beat ) how do I know they be c.i.a .? they wear name tag , what do you think ? we be back a fascist again -- I know that be not news , but see if you can find a angle ! hub kittle have be float through the room and , upon hearing the word " fascist , " take offense and approach Alex . hub hey ! there 's fascist and then there 's fascist , right ? be careful how you throw word like that around . Alex ignore hub though he be slightly pestere by he , and continue on the phone as he initial papers bring to he . alex we do not have any picture of rafael because nobody know where the son of a bitch be , and anybody crazy enough to go after he ... Alex spot price who be stand nearby , still eat a sandwich , still enjoy the high energy buzz of the room . Alex direct he next line so that price can not fail to get the message . Alex play the moment coolly . alex ... be liable to get he nut shot off . hub nod seriously , in agreement . price turn . Alex smile . price smile . Alex hang up , grumble , then turn he attention to the persistent hub kittle . alex yeah , well g'bye ... ( to hub ) who the fuck be you ? hub ( extend a hand ) hub kittle . I be with lewitsky and knupp -- New York . we have a client down here . Alex be irritate but fascinate . alex who ? hub President somoza . Alex be incredulous that somoza employ a New York p.r. firm . hub be professionally use to this reaction -- no panic . hub I know , I know ... ( beat ) but there 's a untold story here . I mean , the man have a point of view too , right ? Alex turn to leave ; hub corner he . hub we get a national anthem contest go on right now , and you guy be ignore it . lotta human interest . Alex turn to other business though hub persist . elsewhere in the room a young nicaraguan woman , 18 , be talk to Claire . she seem to be part of the local press . claire I want you to get I copy of the government inventory list of all capture guerrilla weapon . I want to know if the gun be israeli , belgian , Russian , Cuban ... young woman the guerrilla be not supply by anybody from the outside . claire Fine -- give I proof . a telephone operator call to claire through the chaos . operator Su hija , su hija ! you daughter from Los Angeles . Claire sigh at the bad timing but seem delighted to be interrupt by she daughter , and brushes aside a stringer force paperwork upon she . Claire take the phone into a bare , adjacent hallway for some privacy . in a bare hallway Claire talk to she daughter . claire hi , baby ! how be you ? ( beat ) have grandmother spoiled you silly by now ? she have ? good. ( beat ) yes , I get you letter with the picture of you new boyfriend . he 's very good look ... but he 's a bit old , be not he ? no ? just how old be he ?... p.o.v. from the telex room to claire price know this be not he world , and he wander outside . CUT to : ext . managuan STREET near the HOTEL - later that night price bounce along , whistling , " San Francisco . " a occasional guardia jeep or taxi rumble past . he stroll up the walkway of a house from which come a strange , blue glow . int . the moneychangers house - night Blue wall , bare bulb , several picture on the wall , and a old woman lie in a hammock . Music in the b.g. price approach she and hand she a $ 100 bill -- there be a brief negotiation of the black market value . price ( in break Spanish ) cuanto ? old woman quince . price veinte . old woman diezysiete . she shrug , declare the negotiation end , and leave the room to change the dollar into cordobas . price idly study the picture on the wall : picture of anastazio somoza in white , picture of the virgin of guadalupe , picture of santa claus , fade newsphoto of hank aaron hitting he 715th home run . price smile and turn right into a sharp bayonet mount to a rifle hold threateningly by a guardia soldier . the SMALL room be filled with national guard we have not hear they enter over the sound of music and we preoccupation with the picture . price what be this ? I be a journalist ! no answer . price pull a thick passport and press credential from a pocket , hand they to the Officer in charge . price journalista , journalista ! the officer look at price 's passport photo , study it briefly and take the passport . he nod . a rifle butt be jamme violently into price 's belly -- he double over . the Officer nod , and price be lead away . as the Guard haul he outside , the old woman appear in the doorway with a stack of local currency . CUT to : int . military holding cell - night price be lead into a dark cell where another prisoner , 50 , lie in street clothes on the floor . the prisoner be spat upon by the Guards and kick awake . price cringe . guard padre puta , padre puta , padre puta ... ( in Spanish to price ) here be a Priest for you to confess you sin . the Guards laugh and leave . the prisoner rise to he foot . price keep he distance . the prisoner look in bad shape . prisoner priest cigarillo ? price hand he a cigarette and light it . a long , deep drag . price Priest ? ( the man nod ) ( in break Spanish ) what be you do here ? prisoner priest ( in Spanish ) the government accuse I of use the church to hide rebel and gun . price ( in Spanish ) government be always wrong , eh ? prisoner priest ( in Spanish ) this time they be right . who be you ? price ( in Spanish ) un periodista . prisoner priest ( in Spanish ) whose side be you on ? price ( in Spanish ) I do not take side . I take picture . prisoner priest ( in Spanish ) no side ? price ( in Spanish ) no . the prisoner Priest look at price with disdain . prisoner priest periodista puta , todo periodistas son putas . ( all journalist be whore ) the prisoner sit down in the corner ignore price who be surprised to be treat so despicably . prisoner priest ( quietly ) go home . CUT to : int . a brightly lit room price be lead into a lineup of 10 people , all nicaraguan . the room be narrow and so brightly light that at first he cover he eye . figure move in the shadow a guardia soldier move up and down the lineup , stop to point at a prisoner . in the line we recognize the waiter from the Viking Club . price speak to the soldier in a calm , reason tone . price mi amigo -- mala interpretacion , eh? periodista , comprende ? famoso . time magazine . the soldier whirl at price in a rage out of all proportion to price 's tone , shouting : soldier ( in Spanish ) shut up ! price hold up he hand -- he may be fearless , but he 's not stupid . the soldier pull a knife , then pull he own tongue from he mouth , and make motion with the knife as if cut out he tongue . the message be clear -- price do not speak . the soldier walk up to the waiter and point . the waiter be frighten . through the shadow we see a officer talk with a civilian in a hat . the civilian point to a door . the waiter be LED away through a door protest desperately as he go . the soldier move to the next prisoner -- he too be lead away . this repeat itself until the soldier arrive at price . the soldier point to price price p.o.v. through the shadow the civilian be in a discussion with the officer -- it be clear that he opinion affect the decision . for a moment price do not know where he 's go to be lead . the civilian point to a different door -- it open -- and price step down off the display rack into a room . through the door as price step through , the action continue with the other nicaraguan prisoner . price look around quickly , but the civilian and Officer be go . he be quickly show into a bare office . int . the bare room picture on the wall of somoza and the flag raising at iwo jima . price 's camera and bag sit on a desk . p.o.v. the civilian through a door -- it be marcel jazy his rumple elegance be at odd with the brutal surroundings . the door close . a senior officer enter the bare room , and price address he at once . price soy un periodista . senior guard officer ( in excellent English ) Mr. price ... you must accept we deep apology for the misunderstanding . somebody see you take photograph of terrorist hooligan in the parade and at the nightclub -- we young officer get carry away ... they be always look for traitor . price that film be half way to New York by now . senior guard officer I know , I know ... it be all a misunderstanding ... una mala interpretacion . you camera . the Officer reach for one of price 's camera and hand it to he , but as he do : the camera drop to the ground and break -- silence the Officer would love for price to get angry . senior guard officer I be sorry . price smile barely , and refuse to pop off . price forget it . price put he camera in he bag , and as he be show from the room he notice a copy of the time magazine with elephant sit on the desk . senior guard officer this way . price be show to a door , hand over to a soldier , and lead outside into the night . dissolve to : ext . military prison - dawn Claire stand at the main doorway surround by guard , a officer , and a unidentified civilian -- she be argue with they in rapid Spanish , not allow they to get in a word . claire ( in Spanish ) you throw a journalist in jail -- it get in the papers . you walk all over the same press credential you pass out . I demand to speak to someone in authority or I will go to tacho myself ... I do not understand you -- you be big and strong and handsome but you be not so smart ! ( beat ) you should be try to seduce we ! officer senora ... price be shown out a door in the background and see she . price Claire ! they hurry toward each other and embrace briefly . the Guards watch it all curiously . claire you be okay ? price I be fine -- what be you do here ? this guy be goons . claire they love be beat up by a woman ( beat ) I have be look for you all night -- why would they lock you up ? they walk away together . price I do not know . take picture . the usual . jazy get I release . claire jazy ?! you think there 's a story there ? price ahh ... c.i.a. storey be all alike . I wanta find rafael . claire you need help ? price no. you ? claire no. ( beat ) when should we start . price I figure you probably want to do a little research on the history of marcel jazy 's business connection in the third world country with c.i.a. influence ... claire oh . I assume you would just look he in the eye and say " gimme a break , for crissake , marcel , be you a spy or be not you ? " CUT to : ext . garden courtyard of marcel jazy - day later marcel jazy stand , drink in hand , look slightly rumple in the daylight , slightly older , but more charming and self - efface than he first impression indicate . his two story Mediterranean style house be in slight disrepair ; the garden be scraggly and overgrown . the pool be empty . jazy address price and Claire . price ... be you a spy or be not you , eh ? jazy ( smile ) spy be such a odd word , Mr. price ... nobody be a ... ' spy '... anymore . claire Russell prefer picture to word ... jazy you do not have to apologize ... you be journalist . claire and you be a businessman ? jazy a businessman ? that sound good . okay , I be a businessman . price why be I arrest , and why do you get I release , and who be you ? as he speak , the question come to a sudden halt as a spectacular looking woman emerge from the shadow of the house into the light of the courtyard . she be tall , Latin , and besides high heel wear only a shiny , high fashion swimsuit , cut high on the leg . price , Claire , and jazy stop to watch as the woman stop to look into the empty pool . woman in swimsuit no agua . jazy ( nodd ) no agua . woman in swimsuit ( in Spanish ) oh , marcel ! you tell I there would be water in the pool this week ! jazy lean in very coolly to price and Claire as he pour a extra glass of wine and speak softly in English again . jazy if she dove in , I assure you she would not notice . he carry the glass of wine to the woman , smile warmly . jazy ( to miss Panama in Spanish ) sweetheart , the guerrilla knock out the pump station on the road to masaya , and we must ration water for the time be . next week maybe thing will be better . woman in swimsuit ( in Spanish ) maybe I should go back to Panama . jazy ( in Spanish ) maybe you should . jazy push a lounge chair over to she and hand she a glass of wine . the woman unfold gracefully into a lounge chair in the sun . very sexy . she reach for and kiss jazy 's hand affectionately -- he kiss she forehead . she feel better now . jazy motion for Claire and price to follow he inside . int . jazy' house - day the pool be visible in b.g . his house , like the pool , be rumple and slightly sloppy though it betray the taste of its occupant -- book everywhere , picture on the wall , nothing cheap or tacky but everything be well wear . jazy you be arrest because the guardia be clown who specialize in excess . you be release because I tell they to release you . claire this be not the normal duty of a businessman . he look at they directly . jazy but they be the normal duty of a ... spy , eh ? you win , I be a spy . ( smile ) there , be you happy ? I feel better . he refill they glass . jazy now we can relax . you can turn off you little thing . the red light of she recorder be on . she smile slightly , undisturbed , and turn it off . jazy oh , I trust you will not say anything to hurt I . in some way I be a terrible spy . I use to be much better at it , but now it seem everyone know who I be . I have too many girlfriend . I like to be photograph . ( beat ) I talk too much . price and Claire be almost afraid to speak , afraid to interrupt this strange performance . jazy I always talk too much ... but my girlfriend like that ... no matter . ( point to the swimsuit woman ) you know who she be ? claire and price no . jazy that 's miss Panama . do you know who that be ? claire and price oh , yeah , yes , etc . jazy she 's in love with I . I have get to get some water in the pool . ( beat ) and once a week I have lunch with President somoza to discuss security measure against the sandinista insurgent , but all he want to talk about be miss Panama ... he 's worried about she . Claire interrupt with a smile . claire because he think she 's see another man ? jazy smile slightly before confirm . jazy ... and he assign I to find out who the man be . they all smile at this complication . price be impressed . jazy change the subject with fluent and disturbing ease . jazy we all know the revolutionary be go to win , do not we ? silence . they do not know how to respond . there p.o.v. as miss panama stretch like a enormous cat they all be slightly entertained and glad for the relief . unsure what to say next , price notice a picture on the wall : closeup - a blown - up framed photo of the ranch house with pool the same picture we see on the leaflet in Africa . price there 's a rumor about this picture . some people say you be a genius -- that you invent this scheme . jazy it be lot of people 's idea ... have you be to Leon ? claire we be go to masaya ... they say the rebel have hit the cuartel . price it 's suppose to be nasty there ... a lotta people think rafael 's in the South . I want to find out . jazy no , no , it 's not " nasty " yet . another week maybe . ( beat ) you would love Leon . a nice cathedral and beautiful light ... et un peu de bang -bang . claire we be not do a travelogue , you understand . jazy of course , of course ... only I have hear that comandante rafael have recently have he unit in the area . price ( surprised ) rafael be near Leon ? jazy well ... it 's a rumor , what do I know ? the voice of miss Panama . miss panama estoy desemperado ! jazy she 's lonely ! claire do not let we stand in the way . jazy it 's my job . ( beat ) you think I talk too much ? he do not wait for a answer , but excuse himself and go out to tend to miss Panama . p.o.v. of jazy and miss panama by the empty pool as jazy touch she , whisper , and she wave to Claire and price . dissolve to : int . price HOTEL bathroom - day early morning . price lather up with shave cream for the first time , clean up . as he apply the lather he stop , and slowly draw a face on the mirror with shave cream until he be stare at : the image of rafael in shaving cream on the mirror CUT to : ext . nicaraguan countryside - day a rented car with white flag turn onto the road to Leon . price drive , eat , and read a map . Claire take the map from he and read it herself . they seem to enjoy they first moment alone without Alex look over they shoulder . a small band - aid be on price 's clean shaven cheek . claire do you dream about miss Panama last night ? price I dream about you . claire have a good time ? price yeah ... so would you . she reach out and touch he band - aid . claire and old war injury flaring up ? price be the tape on ? claire of course . price I be on the deck of the u.s.s. pueblo catch some ray when the North korean attack ... take a bullet right in the chest , but by luck I have a extra roll of high speed ektachrome in this pocket right here ... over the heart ... claire and the bullet ricochete off the film , graze you cheek , and save you life . price you hear about it ?! I be lucky . passing shot of a cluster of roadside cross mark a series of grave . immediately the tone in Claire 's voice change , sober by the reminder of war . claire do anyone ever die next to you in combat ? price yeah . claire what do you do ? price f.8 at a sixtieth . claire that 's a old joke . my question be serious . price so be i. ( beat ) you ever dream about I ? claire once . price how be I ? claire fast . again they glibness be interrupt by what they come to see . even as they joke , they watch the landscape with concern . refugees be streaming out of leon , mostly woman and child , some old man , carry they possession . Soldiers stand around . claire I be basically a coward , Russell , I hope you understand that . I hope we do not get shot . price I too . CUT to : a guardia roadblock on a hill overlooking the CITY the press car pull up to a stop . price and Claire get out quickly , hand they credential to a soldier , and open the trunk and the hood . as the car be searched they look down at the city . p.o.v. leon as a plane circle firing rocket and smoke rise from several place in the town . the sound of gunfire . claire ( to soldier in Spanish ) I think it be quiet here . soldier ( in Spanish ) quiet ? be you sure you want to go down there ? not I . the soldier laugh at the journalist and hand back the credential . soldier ( in Spanish ) you must leave the car here . price speak in English know he can not be understand . price ( to soldier ) you think of scoring a Toyota ? claire ( in Spanish ) no problem -- we leave the car . price and Claire remove they thing from the car , and price take the distributor cap as well as the key . they walk over and look down the road lead into the city under seige . more refugees evacuate the town -- it be a most uninvite sight . the plane pass over the town in the distance fire rocket . claire now what ? price respond by flash he light meter in the air , take a quick , nervous read . price c'mon . be careful . claire be careful ?! where the fuck we go ? better light ? CUT to : ext . STREET into leon - day price and claire walk slowly into leon look around warily as they go , they be the only people enter the town . Claire speak softly into she tape recorder as they walk in , recording the event without editorializing . claire ... June tenth ... the evacuation of Leon ... a woman carry a pig ... sign for the f.s.l.n. be everywhere ... a body ... the body of a young man lie ignore on the sidewalk . they continue walk and soon come to : a intersection held by LA guardia troops with a tanquetta price and Claire duck into a doorway , protect in effect by the government soldier who wait silently , gun ready , around the corner of a building . we see what they be wait for . a young sandinista come out of a build a block away , hold a handgun . momentarily confuse , he begin run toward we , toward the soldier wait in ambush . the guerrilla race quickly to he wait death , and as he turn the corner right into a dozen guardia troops : the guardia gun OPEN up on the young guerrilla , kill he instantly . claire turn her head away unable to watch . price record the event with he camera the guardia follow the tanquetta slowly down the street toward the rebel youth 's house . suddenly the intersection be empty . price and claire move down a sidestreet slowly as : several guerrilla muchachos dart out of a alley with sharpen stick , a spear gun , and one home - make gun . the muchachos hesitate briefly , lose , and see price . the muchachos quickly pose for a picture motion for price to record they . they pose instantly in " tough - guy " posture . price take there picture and just as quickly they dart away through a bomb out building . three sandinistas leap off a rooftop and race toward Claire and price who freeze : claire Russell ?! for a moment they be not sure what this mean -- be they in trouble ? the sandinistas shove past the two journalist , push open a doorway and disappear inside . for a moment price and Claire be alone on the street . the door open again slowly and a middle - age woman appear , motion for they to come inside . int . pedro' house - day the Three sandinistas , dress half in khaki , half recycle disco , be plead with a young man , pedro , 15 . sandinista # 1 ( in Spanish ) you must come and help we ... one more time . pedro ( in Spanish ) no , please ... one of the sandinistas bring pedro he rumple baseball jersey from another room . sandinista # 2 ( in Spanish ) for Leon ... for Nicaragua ! pedro see price and Claire and be more interested in they . he speak in break but understandable English . pedro Americans ? journalist ? claire and price yes . pedro light up , and run to a shelf where he return with a baseball he be signing . pedro ah ! I put my autograph on this ball . sandinista # 1 ( in Spanish ) pedro ! there be no time to waste . pedro be more interested in the two Americans . pedro when you get back to the United States , I want you to give this ball to tippy martinez for I . he be from Nicaragua . pedro hand Claire the baseball as the sandinistas plead with pedro for he help . he be more interested in get the baseball deliver to tippy martinez . Claire accept the ball graciously , exchange awkward glance with price , and put it in she shoulder bag . sandinista # 1 ( in Spanish ) Enrique be dead ! Roberto have disappear ! the guardia have the church , and we need you ! pedro ( to Claire and price ) you come , eh ? ( to the sandinistas ) can they come with we ? sandinista # 2 come ! everybody come ! they go to the door and open it a crack to look out . p.o.v. the tanquetta pass as Soldiers kick open door across the street . the sandinistas go to a corner of the room and push a book shelf out of the way . a large hole have be break in the wall . they climb through the hole into the live room of the next house ; the woman push the shelf back over the hole with great effort . int . the next house - day a family huddle in the corner as the man of the house pull back a couch and a hang blanket , revealing another hole knock in the wall . the sandinistas , pedro , Claire and price scramble through . p.o.v. through a series of door - size hole in the wall of all the house on the block , connect the home with a secret passageway . the six of they race through the house , each hole open and then close magically . int . the kitchen of a tiny sidewalk restaurant - day the Three sandinistas , pedro , Claire , and price emerge . a woman , 50 , run the cafe and welcome they . the six crawl so as not to be see from the street ; they stop long enough to survey the plaza . p.o.v. the central plaza of leon dominated by a huge cathedral half a dozen body be scattered across the plaza . otherwise , it be empty . p.o.v. six guardia sniper in the church tower control the plaza . as we watch , they fire off occasional shot in different direction -- there be no way to cross the plaza . the woman pull a tray of " contact bomb " from the oven , home - make grenade that look like muffins on a tray . pedro grab one and pretend to bite into it . the sandinistas start to laugh and catch themselves as pedro clown . Claire and price be not sure what the " muffins " be and do not respond ; mostly they be on edge . the contact bomb be put in a sack . the woman open a trap door in the floor , and the six of they climb down a ladder into a tunnel . CUT to : int . tunnel underneath the floor - day pedro lead they with a candle through a dark passage under the street . overhead we hear gunfire . rat scurry , and water run through a open sewer . CUT to : int . the cathedral - day a tapestry rug be pull away , and pedro 's head appear . he climb out and soon all the party be in the church . a priest lead they quickly through a immense , nearly . european interior of ornate altar and burn candle . the small party be lead to a small corner of the sanctuary where a long , rickety ladder lead up to the roof . the sandinistas scramble up the ladder as it sway . pedro follow with he sack of contact bomb . then price go up as the Priest hold the ladder . the american be much larger than the nicaraguan -- the ladder squeak and sway , and when he be nearly at the top : the ladder crack as price reach the top and be help to safety . the Priest steady the ladder now make unsafe and clearly Claire want to go onto the roof . priest ( in Spanish ) no , please ... it 's not safe . you must come with I . Claire look at price -- she want to go on the roof but the sound of close gunfire settles the dilemma . Claire hurry off to safety with the Priest . CUT to : ext . the rooftop of the cathedral of leon - late in day three sandinistas , pedro , and price emerge from a tunnel onto a lower level of the cathedral rooftop where a body lie . they be expose immediately and automatic weapon fire open up on they -- the sandinistas flatten against a wall , quickly become separate from price and pedro . two sandinistas race for cover behind a cupola in a move that be equally dare and foolish . the diversion draw fire from the two soldier . price light meter be instantly out taking reading as pedro huddle with he , curious at this strange act . two guardia move into position to flush out the sandinistas as they hide behind the cupolas . the hide third guerrilla open fire kill a guardia soldier , and the other soldier race for the belltower . as he do : the sandinistas seize the moment to rush closer , wave to pedro who slip along a wall with he bag of bomb . price start to follow but be pinned down by FIRE and choose to take refuge halfway in a alcove . as fire from both side ricochet all over the rooftop , price switch camera lense seemingly oblivious to the action . pedro meet one of the sandinistas in a protect niche and quickly they be unfold he bag , set the " muffin bomb " out on the rooftop . the other two sandinistas OPEN heavy FIRE and briefly draw heavier fire from the belltower , as : pedro pick up a muffin weigh it briefly in he hand , like a pitcher . he study the surroundings -- runner on first and third , no out -- he spit in he leave ( he pitching hand ) and rub it in casually . pedro cross himself , go into a abbreviate pitching motion , then rear and fire the ' muffin ' toward the belltower window , expose himself as he do . a explosion in the tower pedro throws another into the tower -- another explosion . a guardia soldier stagger into the window and a sandinista drop he with a shot . all be quiet . the three sandinistas carefully rush the tower , look in and motion to pedro and price that all be okay , and as they do : another shot ring out -- they whirl around -- pedro and price drop again . a lone guardia soldier fire at they from the other tower . a third sandinista drop he with a volley of FIRE again all be quiet . price follows the sandinistas to the first belltower and look in . five body lie scatter and bloodied one of the guerrilla kick a couple of they to make sure they be dead . in the corner , one body lie on top of another . satisfied , the sandinistas head for the other tower . price stays behind to take a few picture and the ever- present light meter appear , follow by several quick shot of the body . then price go to one of the arched , stone window . he look out over the city . p.o.v. of leon -- dusk late in the afternoon now , the fight be over for the day . a occasional gunshot . smoke rise from scattered place throughout the city . there be new rubble . the town be litter with body . p.o.v. the red cross wagon moving through the STREET a man walk in front of it , chant slowly , rhythmically : red cross man Hay herida of muertes aqui ? Hay herida of muertes aqui ? ( be there wounded or dead here ? ) we see a woman drag a body out into the street . the Red Cross man make small stack of body . he douse the body with gasoline and set the pile aflame . then continue . red cross man Hay herida of muertes aqui ? price watch . he think he hear something , then dismiss it . something else . a voice , almost a whisper . voice price . you motherfucker , price , I be talk to you . he turn . one of the body speak . voice where be that bastard ... be they away ? price look out -- the sandinistas be on the other side of the roof . this war get stranger . price they be away . a body roll out from under another body . blood -splatter , smile , wiping the blood from he face . it be oate , the mercenary from Africa . he peek out the window -- the sandinistas be on the other side of the roof . he whisper . oate what the fuck be you do here ? price what the fuck be you do here ? for a moment they understand that they be there for the same reason -- they make they living off war . oate peek out the window nervously and repeatedly . oate awright , awright -- you be lookin ' good ... how ya like Nicaragua ? oate ready he automatic weapon in case it 's need -- routine . price do not know how to answer . price it 's beautiful . oate laugh quickly and softly -- he be tune into the strangeness of price 's answer . oate shitload o' greaser though , eh ? p.o.v. the sandinistas heading back toward US oate and price see they , and oate crawl back under the pile of body . the sandinistas look into the belltower , all look quiet , and they motion to price . sandinista # 1 ( in Spanish ) it 's get late -- come on . CUT to : ext . the front of the cathedral - dusk the Three sandinistas , pedro , and price be hide in the shadow of the main church entrance . the sandinistas be carefully peek around the corner , check out the plaza . it seem safe . the door open ; the Priest let Claire out . for a moment she look around to see who 's still alive -- in the shadow price look like one of the guerrilla . they see each other and embrace briefly . claire you be okay ? the sandinistas seem to relax . the sandinistas take pride in pedro and pat he leave arm for price and Claire . sandinista # 1 san-dee koufax , no ? sandinista # 2 Si , koufax . sandinista # 3 es mejor que koufax , eh ?! they seem to want approval from the Americans . claire much better than koufax . the sandinistas slap hand , familiar with the american gesture . the six start walk across the plaza away from the church . in the b.g. we see pile of body burn ; the Red Cross tend to the wounded local . spirit be high as they walk . the tiny red light glow on Claire 's recorder . pedro koufax be okay ... but tippy martinez , he be the best ... he pitch for the Baltimore oriole , and some day I will be the second man from Nicaragua to play in the major league ... sandinista # 1 ( to price and Claire ) tippy martinez have a good fastball , but pedro have a curveball and a screwball that be better . all five of they agree that pedro be the best ; they slap he value arm and relax for the first time all day . pedro you will give my autograph baseball to tippy and tell he in five year I will be pitching with he , okay ? he better watch out for I , eh ? CUT to : ext . rooftop of the cathedral - dusk oate check the clip on he rifle and look down into the plaza . oate p.o.v. to the six walking away he do not smile or joke -- it 's all business . he aim the rifle . CUT to : ext . the plaza - dusk sandinista # 1 ( in Spanish ) it 's too dangerous to return to managua at night . you should stay at the house of hammock . claire ( in Spanish ) gracias . can they get into trouble for keep we ? pedro no , no ... you be not combatant . ( would rather talk baseball ) the Baltimore team be my team ... a shot ring out , and pedro' chest explode in front of we . sudden panic , rage , confusion -- the sandinistas whirl and scan the building . p.o.v. oate racing across the cathedral rooftop into the night . price grab pedro' gun and whirl to face the church ; he action be instinctive , angry , and electric with energy . claire grab pedro' arm and drag the body to safety , though there be no safety and the body be lifeless . her action be protective and automatic . the sandinistas take control of the situation and move quickly . two of they fan out to cover the escape . price scream in the direction of oate , price you bastard ! Claire drag the body near a bench under a tree . claire what about he ?! sandinista # 1 ( dispassionately ) he 's dead . the sandinistas survey the cathedral and street carefully , warily , upset at they nonchalance . they know the sniper be disappear into the night , but they continue to look . sandinista # 1 I will talk to pedro 's mother . you must go to the house of the hammock if you want to be safe . the Three sandinistas fan out toward the church as it get dark . price and claire stand next to pedro , feel helpless and ineffective . they both look at the body . price realize he 's hold pedro 's gun and place it down next to the body . price notice the tiny red light be still glow on she tape recorder . he point it out to Claire . she turn it off . CUT to : int . the house of hammocks - night in a nearly dark room full of hang hammock , Claire sit on the floor light by a low wattage bulb hang from a cord . in another room through a door price can be see with a family in the hammock workshop . Claire talk softly into she recorder . claire hello sweetheart , this be you mother . I be in Leon and I miss you . do not worry about I -- it 's not dangerous at all . I guess you can not believe what you hear on the news . I will put this this tape in the mail when I get back to managua , but know what the mail service be like , I may be home before it arrive . I think about you all the time and hope I can make it back before you graduate from Jr. High . as she speak price bid the family farewell and come into the room with Claire where he lie down in a hammock . claire I love you and I will finish this letter when I get back to the hotel . Claire lie down on a mat , exhaust , after turn out the light . several moment pass before price speak . price I know who shot pedro . I know somebody be in the tower . claire why do not you tell the guerrilla ? price I do not know ... then they would have kill he I guess . I do not want to interfere . claire it be not a easy choice . price I think I make the wrong one . silence . claire you do not take any picture when it be over . price I do not ? ( beat ) I pick up a gun . jesus. ( beat ) be something happen to we ? claire yes . silence . they lie for a long time in the dark . a light in the house be turn off . finally : price be you asleep ? claire no . price get out of the hammock and lie down next to she . they do not speak . they kiss . she unbutton he shirt . he unbutton she blouse . they undress just enough to begin make love softly , quietly . dissolve to : int . price and claire' room - dawn the first light of dawn strike Claire 's bare torso . price light meter appear at her back price take a read , then move the meter to she neck , another read . he move it down she nude body light beautifully in the vague light , partially cover with a blanket . he scurries across the room , stark naked , with a camera . price begin photograph she . he move back to she and gently remove the blanket from the rest of she body . his action be quiet and easy . he stop frequently to admire she . Claire lie sleep nude , except for she sock . price move around the room -- picture , picture , picture . claire wake up slowly and pull the blanket back over she . she open she eye and see price sit in a chair several foot away with he camera . price g'morn . claire what be you do ? price you look beautiful . she realize what he 's be do . claire how long have you be do this ? price ' Bout ten frame . wait will you see the picture -- you look great . her sense of violation be balanced by this notion . for a moment we sense she attitude can go either way -- outrage or some sense of be flatter , however ill conceive . she choose the latter . claire I will bet I look great -- give I the film . price after they be print . claire I will develop they myself -- give it to I or I will start taping what you say in you sleep . price hand she the film and climb back under the blanket with she . price I talk in my sleep ? claire girl 's name and f-stop . terrible . they curl up together , hold onto each other . a small child cross the courtyard , peek at they . a rooster crow . price call the office . I do not want to go to work today . the peacefulness be shake by the roar of a engine close by . a helicopter gunship pass over the courtyard they look up , jolted out of the moment . the war be back . CUT to : ext . the outskirt of leon - morning price 's rental car be a smoking wreck . he and Claire arrive and she remove a single , feeble white flag that remain . they study the car briefly and then turn as : a guardia troop carrier lumber past with a truckload of refugee behind . they wave the flag and catch a ride with the refugee . CUT to : int . fifth floor of intercontinental HOTEL - day Alex come out a door chat with somebody , and pass a mini-cam crew , old friend . alex how be matagalpa ? mini -cam crew # 1 no bang - bang , Alex ... none at all . alex you find anything ? mini -cam crew # 2 half the press corps . a small laugh . they continue on . Alex enter Claire 's room . int . claire' room Alex enter . nobody there . as he turn to leave he see some picture in a stack of papers on she desk . he pick one up . close up : a picture of claire sleeping in leon it 's all over and he know it . he stare at , even admire , the image . he put it down and turn to leave as : claire enter claire oh ! alex oh. ( awkwardly ) how be Leon ? claire bloody . alex yeah ... I will bet ... Claire ... Alex finally acknowledge that it be over with Claire , but refuse to say it directly . alex I be tired of Nicaragua . claire you have not be here very long . alex Long enough , let face it , you be right ... everybody be right . claire about what ? alex my cheekbone . what do you think of them ? claire I like you cheekbone . Alex , be you all right ? alex this be a face make for television . claire you decide to go with the network . Alex nod , then seem to hit the end of he own resilience and get vitriolic . alex be he a good fuck ? claire Alex ... in a simple monologue Alex go from outrage to acknowledgment of what he already know . alex that 's a reasonable question for a reporter to ask , be not it ?! ( beat ) I shoulda never come down here , eh ? this be the way it 's go to be . ( beat ) I will make a shitload of money in television for just sit there . ( beat ) I be gonna show up to work at rockefeller Center every morning and they be gonna hand I the news with my coffee and toast . ( beat ) I shoulda never come down here , eh ? this war down here belong to you guy , okay ? I be on tommorrow 's plane . claire Alex ... alex you want to take I to the airport ? it 's okay . ( beat -- resign ) I shoulda never come down here . CUT to : ext . the managua airport - next day a cab pull up . Soldiers stand around everywhere . price , Claire , Alex , and the cabbie get out . the cabbie take he bag . alex take this to check in . I will be right there . price pull a bottle of wine from he camera bag and set three styrofoam cup on the cab roof . he hand the cork to Alex and show he the label . price sniff this sucker , eh ? Alex do , and look at the label . alex Jesus , where would you get this ? claire the c.i.a . alex where else . they toast and drink . price hey -- I will leave you guy alone , eh ? claire no , no , do not be ridiculous . alex we be grownup , Russell ... ( non acerbically ) most of we . awkward smile from price . price you two wanta happy snap ? price make the motion of take a picture . they look at he with affection , yet astound again by he inappropriateness . alex no happy snap . price okay , okay ... ( beat ) I will just ... be over here . he wander away from the car to give they a moment alone , and as he do he pull the light meter from he pocket , flipping it on and off nervously without look at it . he wander idly toward a guardia soldier . the soldier get nervous . alex you be sure about he ? claire for the moment . Alex consider this -- he understand ( whether he want to or not ) . the soldier come face-to-face with price , who back off price ( to soldier ) I be a personal friend of tacho 's . ( smile disarmingly ) the soldier stop at tacho 's name . price turn . p.o.v. alex and claire kissing goodbye price turn again , embarrassed , face the soldier . price do not look , huh ? ( beat ) no mire ! the soldier , confuse , turn away , and as he do : alex slap price on the shoulder , and they too embrace alex do not get hurt . price ahh , I be a chicken , do not worry . ( beat ) Alex , listen to I ... alex yeah ? price within a year you be gonna be one of the " ten most admire Men in America . " Alex be amused , price be serious . the cabbie come out and Alex head into the airport . CUT to : ext . somoza's compound - a PRESS luncheon - day Daisy and she combo from the Viking Club perform " the girl from Ipanema " as one hundre PRESS member and v.i.p. 's sit at long table in the garden . the pleasantness of the surroundings be counter by the presence of dozen of soldier in the background , guard the house , etc . visible at the head table be : two general and there wive , mrs . somoza , two wealthy businessmen , miss panama in a floppy hat . elsewhere mingling be : jazy , isela , price , regis . a elaborate array of food sit on the table . int . somoza's house - day overlook the gather from he private live room , somoza grant Claire she interview . he close the window to muffle the sing . claire you be late to you own luncheon , Mr. President -- we can schedule this for another time . somoza nonsense -- let they wait . we be a stun couple , eh ? my stomach be very flat -- I have be work out . claire we be a stun couple . Mr. President , you own one fifth of all the land in Nicaragua , you own the shipping port , the national airline , the mercede dealership ... somoza I be on a salt free diet ... he take she hand and lead she to two large portrait hang on a wall -- he parent . claire do you always hold hand with reporter ? somoza ( ignore she ) this be my mother and father . they be very special to I . every Sunday morning I drive out to the cemetery and put flower on they grave . I think people should know that . claire would you care to comment on the fall of Leon to the rebel ? somoza just smile unaffected by she question ; she know the game be undaunted . CUT to : ext . the luncheon table - day hub kittle be bend price 's ear in the crowd . price seem ammuse and watch the anthem contest as he munch food . hub listen , Russell , let 's grow up . it 's very easy to fall in love with the underdog , eh ? but there 's a upside and downside to this thing -- just wanta remind you ... this stuff about a " Revolution of poet " be crap . price but it 's great p.r. so what 's the upside ? hub simple . and it could happen . somoza destroy the terrorist insurgent , rebuild the country , shitcan the purveyor of excess , stabilize the cordoba , and be finally beloved as the savior of Nicaragua . ( beat ) we pal . get a smoke ? price give he a cigaret . price what 's the downside ? hub the commy take over the world . it 's simple , and hub be pleased with he presentation . a soldier move through the crowd look quite out of place , find hub and hand he a note . hub read it , seem delighted , and excuse himself from the table . hub Excuse I , gentleman , but the war may be over . price and regis look at each other strangely -- what 's he talk about ? they shrug , regis bite into a papaya , and hub hurry inside . price and regis watch the singer . CUT to : int . second floor of somoza's house - day somoza my people love I . my stomach be flat . do I say that already ? no matter . it be flat . claire there be report that the guardia operate a torture chamber at coyotepe . somoza ignore the question and reopen the window , flooding the room with the tony bennett classic . somoza I like this song . claire since the earthquake in 1972 destroy half of managua , over three hundred million dollar in foreign relief aid have pour into the country , yet nothing have be re-built . it be say that the money have go into you pocket . somoza I love the press , I really do . some of my best friend be journalist . claire ecuador , Mexico , Peru , Brazil , and Panama be reportedly on the verge of break off diplomatic relation with you regime . would you comment ? hub kittle and a officer burst into the room interrupt the interview . something have happen . somoza initially lash out at they -- the first time we have see he lose he cool -- then recover . somoza ( in Spanish ) I be busy ! get out of here at once or I will put my foot up you ass ! the officer seem familiar with this tirade and grab somoza by the arm , whisper into he ear . somoza seem delighted with the news and turn to hub for confirmation . hub nod . somoza ( to Claire ) I be sorry to have to conclude this most pleasant encounter , but something have happen . as somoza leave the room with the Officer and hub , hub turn to Claire to squeeze in one final p.r. stroke . hub do he tell you about he parent in the graveyard , the flower and all that ? ( she nod ) good , good ... Claire be leave alone momentarily in somoza 's room . a soldier enter and accompany she outside to the luncheon . CUT to : ext . the luncheon - day as Claire come outside , there be a flurry of activity at the head table . two officer hastily set up a easel with a large military - topographical map of Nicaragua . a soldier take the microphone from the singer -- the music grind to a inglorious halt -- and carry it to the head table . price spot Claire and make a " what 's all this about ? " motion . Claire hold out she palm and shrug -- she do not know . all attention be quickly focus on the head table , as : president somoza make a grand entrance flanked by hub kittle and a Officer . he seem suddenly in unusually good spirit . hub tap the mike -- it work -- he motion for somoza to come forward . somoza my friend ... this gather be not intend to be a press conference as much as a ... " get -together " ... but I have just be hand a piece of news . somoza play the moment with theatrical elan . somoza rafael be dead . ( beat ) he have be kill in a ambush in the cordillera mountain of the jinotega district . somoza point to a spot on the map as do he Officer . the PRESS table be shaken from its nonchalance and several journalist immediately leap to they foot to question he . journalist Mr. President ! Mr. President ! somoza please my friend -- no question . a press release be be prepare . somoza hand the mike to a aide who return it to the music stand . almost immediately the music begin again . at the PRESS table there be some confusion over the announcement . some journalist hurry off to file the story , other just sit . price seem alarmed by the announcement , confuse . slightly wire , he listen to regis and other journalist discuss it . other journalist they get rafael ? you believe that ? regis every six month tacho give this speech -- maybe they finally luck out . claire tries to corner hub kittle who be head back inside . hub disappear inside , Claire press after he . jazy approach price and lean in as if share a confidence . in the b.g. the luncheon be break up . jazy Russell , excuse I ... but I have just be put in a rather embarrassing position . ( hesitates ) Mrs. somoza would like she picture take with miss Panama . in color ? price throw he camera bag over he shoulder , pull out a camera , and follow jazy . they walk toward the head table . price how the hell could tacho find rafael . jazy Russell , please ... I have my hand full ... Mrs. somoza and miss Panama be wait as price and jazy arrive . price be automatically switch camera lense , but he continue to grill jazy . mrs . somoza tacho , tacho ... venga , por favor ! price and jazy exchange glance as somoza reluctantly join the portrait . somoza pose with he wife and he mistress on each arm as price flash a light meter under they nose , then back off to take the picture . price be tacho lie again ? they do kill he , do not they ? jazy everybody smile . price take a picture , somoza want to leave and jazy would just as soon have this awkward moment over with , but : price one more , please ! una mas , por favor ? reluctantly they pose again , and price grill jazy who be trap . price we help each other , right ? could you move you girlfriend into the sun ... jazy move miss Panama slightly , return to price . jazy what do you need ? price be rafael alive or dead ? jazy I do not know . price ( to the poser ) just one more -- thank you . ( to jazy ) I think you know everything ? as somoza hold a interminable pose , jazy launch into a speech , keep he voice low enough so tacho can not hear . jazy what do I know , eh ? tacho need a victory very badly ... he need to prove to Jimmy Carter that he be still win . he think rafael 's death be the proof he need . price Carter do not need proof . he just send twenty - five million in new arm to tacho. ( to poser ) I be sorry ... almost get it here . jazy no , no ... the arm shipment have be delay in New Orleans because Jimmy be get nervous . price the State Department 's gonna pull the plug on tacho ?! pardon my french -- but whose fuck side be you on ? jazy and price motion for the poser to move a step over . jazy ... I work for everybody . if there be a transition of power , I facilitate a relationship with the new people . if there be not , I facilitate the status quo . ( beat ) either way , I facilitate . price great job . jazy I send message to Jimmy and I tell he that the Revolution be a flood that cannot be stop but it can be control ... nobody listen ... I can not even get a little water in my pool . price Rough be not it . thank you everybody , very nice . price smile to somoza , Mrs. somoza , and miss Panama . somoza hurry off from he uncomfortable position at last . price I do not think rafael be dead . I be gonna find he . jazy they say he 's very handsome . ( beat ) it would make a wonderful picture , eh ? the two man share a smile . CUT to : ext . the road to mataglapa - early morning a rental station wagon cover with press flag race along . Inside the car be the british crew -- regis drive -- and price and Claire . CUT to : ext . matagalpa - day a city of about 50,000 locate on the side of a hill . the car pull slowly into the base of the town into a clear with assort vehicle -- Red Cross , La guardia , Press . the car move slowly as its occupant survey the town , until it pull alongside a Red Cross truck that have break down . price stick he head out the window to ask instruction of a r.c. worker . price con permiso -- who control what today ? red cross worker ( in Spanish ) the sandinistas hold the hill , the guardia have everything else . claire how do we find the guerilla ? red cross worker ( point ) va alli , dos of tre cuarto , doble la esquina al francotirador . regis what would he say ? claire go two or three block and turn right at the sniper . regis and he crew do not like this at all . price point . p.o.v. a tower full of guardia sniper price you can drop we off . MAIN road into matagalpa a gradual uphill grade -- the press car move slowly . guardia be on both side of the street , as the car stop at the corner , directly beneath the sniper tower . they all look up . p.o.v. the sniper looking back down at they the car slowly turn left price wrong way ! regis we be not look for the guerilla . claire then let we out . the car stop , the door open , and : a wall nearby be riddle with bullet hole as they climb out , so they climb back in quickly . p.o.v . a soldier hold out he arm as if to say , " accident . " soldier lo siento ! ( I be sorry ! ) the soldier seem sincere , but they do not want to take a chance . price go one more block . the car move deeper into matagalpa , gradually move among tanquettas patrol the street , come to a barricade which they manuever past as guardia soldier look at they strangely . the car turn around -- it have come too far . a guardia officer signal for they to get out but the idea do not appeal to regis and he whirl around , panic slightly , and head off in the other direction . claire he just want to see credential , for crissake , what be do ? regis you want to drive ? price we want out ! the barricade officer speak in a walkie talkie to a squadron leader a couple of block away as the car approach . the second officer whistle for the car to stop but it speed up . the officer fire a pistol shot at the car shatter the windshield inside the car -- vision be badly impaired by the shatter glass and regis panic , hit the floorboard and the car suddenly screech around a corner , racing through matagalpa . the car squeal around corner after corner blindly , into : a guardia barricade as a fusilade of SMALL arm FIRE ring out the windshield be totally destroy now , and : the occupant of the car crouch low as the car race . price and Claire scream at regis to stop , but it 's too late . the car screech into reverse as regis try to see out the back window and price , out of necessity operate the foot pedal with he hand . the car smoke into a intersection and see : a OPEN block ahead -- no guardia be visible , so the car race down the open block and as it come to a intersection : a sherman tank come around the corner facing US several time larger than a tanquetta -- it dwarf we and everything around it . its giant gun face we head on . the PRESS car screech to a halt , and everyone scramble out . price periodista , periodista , periodista ! the mini-cam equipment be drop as the british crew scramble to safety against a building . price and Claire end up on opposite side of the street . silence -- the huge and silent tank be decide what to do . the turret swing several degree to one side and lower as the scattered journalist freeze . a thunderous roar -- the tank destroy the camera equipment leave a huge crater and not a trace of the expensive qear . claire start laughing , frightened , nervous and amused . price take picture a woman throws a contact bomb from a window at the tank the tiny bomb make a pitiful explosion , hopelessly ineffective . the tank swing its turret toward the house and open FIRE and the wall of the house crumble quickly as a family scramble to the rooftop of a neighbor house . they house be destroy in a second . LA guardia troops appear and begin firing toward Claire and price , who turn to see : sandinista army regular running down the hill alongside the homemade local guerilla . this be the first time we have see the f.s.l.n. regular army in they camouflage khaki dress . the guard take a position to fight it out and Claire and price be catch in a cross -fire , pin to wall on each street side . price push through a door to safety and look back : claire be trapped outside pound on a door that do not open . she try another -- no luck . she curl up in a doorway make herself as small as possible as bullet rip the wall around she . at the top of the hill , a old bus move slowly into the STREET several youthful guerilla be push it . the bus come flying down the hill toward the tank several hundred foot away , it gather speed toward we . int . the speed bus a youth at the wheel prop a board under the steering wheel and race to the back as another youth open the door as the bus race past Claire toward the tank . the two youths leap out the back door where they tumble into the dirt just before : the bus smashes into the tank and explode guardia soldier shoot the two youths before they get away , as : guerillas appear on every rooftop open heavy fire on La guardia . guardia troops retreat quickly on foot and in tanquettas the sherman tank tries to dislodge itself from the bus but cannot , and drag the bus with it as it back down the hill . price run out to claire and huddle with she . she be shake but unhurt . sandinistas be everywhere , move into matagalpa as price and Claire move past several body to higher ground . sandinista barricade be on every corner where woman serve food to they man . Claire and price wander through , momentarily disorient . a small boy run through the street kick a soccer ball , occasionally avoid a body . he run right up to they and speak . boy busca triquitraque ? claire si. boy venga . they follow he up a hill . CUT to : ext . middle -class house overlooking the CITY - day the neighborhood be totally sandinista and several guerilla be at the door . the boy speak to one of the guard , and they be admit . CUT to : int . the house - day they be searched immediately , ask to put down they gear , ask for credential , and lead down the hallway of a house that be very american middle class . another soldier with rifle detain they momentarily before show they into a room use as a Revolutionary Command office . isela stand in military fatigue talk to she sandinista colleague . clearly she command respect and make decision . she finish and turn to Claire and price in a very businesslike way , never acknowledge directly that they have meet before . isela you be look for rafael ? they be somewhat take aback at she directness and information . price yeah . if it 's possible . claire do you know why we be here ... exactly ? isela Mr. price do not do anything before announce it first in the bar . ( beat ) it 's a good story . you will be more famous . ext . a mountain road - later - day a old truck chug up a series of cutback through rough terrain . the truck have no hood , and a boy sit on the fender pour oil from a series of folger can into a funnel stick permanently into the engine . underneath , dangle can catch the oil as it flow through . price , Claire and four armed sandinistas sit in the back . isela ride in front . the truck pass through a friendly guerilla roadblock CUT to : ext . tobacco field in remote terrain - day isela , claire , price and the four hike into increasingly inaccessible terrain . CUT to : ext . rafael be camp - dusk heavily guard but very mobile , the camp consist of perhaps 100 Soldiers , woman prepare food , several tent . price and Claire attract attention as they enter . price stop and look around the camp closely seem to take it all in . he 's be in many similar camp , country , war . p.o.v. two soldier guard the entrance to one tent claire rafael 's tent ? price do not answer but continue take it all in , and isela shout to they to continue . isela venga , companero . ( come , comrade . ) they continue into the camp , but price stop again something have catch he , he sixth sense , a feel -- he refuse to walk further for the moment . no glibness , just coolness . claire what be it ? price look around , speak quietly . price rafael be dead . Claire look around quickly . there be no evidence to she . price I can smell it . claire I do not know . isela ( slightly exasperate ) venga por favor ! alli ! they continue into the camp -- now Claire look around nervously . price mutter a half laugh , softly and strangely , as they be lead to a makeshift table and offer food . in the b.g. isela enter one of the tent . price and claire sit down to eat and price continue scan the camp as they talk . claire what be you talk about ? price he 's dead . I know it . claire then why do they bring we all the way here to see he ? he do not know . p.o.v. four figure / conferring in front of a tent isela emerge and join they . the other be : the priest from leon , a businessman whom we should recognize from earlier scene , and commandante cinco , dress in camouflage khaki . isela walk over to claire and price after talk with the other . she bring commandante cinco with she . they sit down . isela this be commandante cinco . they all shake hand . isela begin at once . isela today we take matagalpa . Leon be about to fall , and masaya . and next week we could be in managua but it be still possible to lose . ( beat ) in the last day of we final offensive the people of Nicaragua must know that rafael be alive and well . commandante cinco queremo un fotografia . isela we need a photograph . ( beat ) come with we . they all rise and head toward rafael' tent int . rafael' tent the tent be fill with sandinista officer and soldier stand and sit around . rafael' body lie on a table the shirtless upper torso propped slightly upright , still wear glass , the figure of rafael be distinctly non-heroic . he be slightly overweight , slightly bald , but as he lie there surround by he man , the the glow of lantern , he look almost alive . price and Claire look at each other . commandante cinco usted es un fotografo magnifico . ( beat ) queremo que vive . ( you be a great photographer . make he alive . ) price laugh -- the request be ridiculous . isela ( to Claire ) why be he laugh ? price you be crazy . cinco step forward -- he presence command attention . his delivery be forceful but not emotional . as he begin to speak , price stop laugh . cinco ( in Spanish ) we have momentum , but many more life will be lose . even Washington be start to admit that the butcher somoza be not love by he people . they have detain twenty - five million dollar in new arm shipment for somoza at a airfield in Florida until they find out if rafael be alive or dead . we know about this thing . he pause briefly . claire if Washington think rafael be dead , they will ship the arm to somoza . do you understand . price yeah. ( without enthusiasm ) commandante ... soy un periodista . cinco attack that defense with new vigor . cinco this have nothing to do with journalism -- there be more to the world than journalism . we be go to end this war with you or without you . ( beat ) people do not really believe in rafael -- they believe in the idea of rafael , no ? because for now the idea of rafael be enough for the people of Nicaragua . when the war be over -- none of this matter . price hesitates , he manner devoid of its usual cockiness . price I do not do thing ... like this . cinco enough life have be lose already . ( beat of empathy ) it 's difficult , I know -- but you must do it . commandante cinco place a arm on price shoulder and speak in break English . cinco in the morning , eh ? when there 's better light ! CUT to : int . price and claire' tent - later that night price lie on he back on a table . Claire sit in a chair , a lantern be on the table . his recline body be not unlike rafael 's . he play with a camera without look at it , turn it slowly , remove and replace a lens . he 's never be this calm , this unmove . Claire , however , move around the tent like a cage animal -- like price normally be . she smoke . she 's nervous and wire . claire I spend my whole life separate how I feel from how I think and what I see from what I say -- that 's call journalism , be not it ? he nod slightly . claire it 's discipline . it civilized . it involve distinction . I be great at distinction . I wish I be not so good at they . sometimes I envy you -- you do not make any -- it 's very convenient . ( beat ) the only time I do not worry about all that thing be when I be with my daughter . price or when you be in bed . claire yes ! ( beat -- change direction ) my job be to find a story , then tell a story -- whatever it be -- because I believe that if enough people hear enough storey then somehow , through information alone , we all have a better chance to survive . ( beat ) I believe in information . ( beat ) that 's a very romantic streak I have run through I -- maybe it 's a weakness . information be good -- lack of information be bad . simple , eh ? price not so simple . claire you be God damn right it 's not . ( beat ) you take that picture you will take it for all the right reason -- I understand . price I be not gonna take it . he fiddle with the camera . claire that 's fine for you . but do I go back and say I interview rafael ? do I go back and say I miss the biggest story of the war ? or do I say rafael be stone cold dead -- that 's the information , be not it ? or do I say he entertained we all in he inimitably charismatic manner around the ol ' revolutionary campfire ? ( beat ) can we throw up we arm and say we fall in love with the querilla because they cause be ... sympathetic ? ( beat ) journalist do not fall in love . ( beat ) which story do you want I to tell ? silence . price do what you want to do . claire Christ , what the fuck be we do here ? price I want to be here . ( beat ) with you . ( beat ) what do you want . silence . claire I want this war to end . ( beat ) I be not go to tell the world that rafael be dead . silence . Claire lie down on the cot . exhausted but high . price get off the table and go to she . price I love you . claire I think I love you . price do not think so much . he get on the cot with she . they kiss deeply , passionately , and begin make love . ext . the camp - first light of dawn the camp be coming to life as the flap open on price 's tent and he look out . he raise he camera and start take picture of : a woman cooking over a FIRE as a businessman look on , a face we recognize from earlier in managua -- freeze frame three young guerrillas playing with a dog -- freeze frame the priest from leon drinking from a gourd -- freeze frame two child playing with handmade toy -- freeze frame isela coming out of another tent -- freeze frame price rise and look around the camp , wander over to a large can where he drink some water . claire emerge from the tent and watch price head over to a shade area with he camera . claire' p.o.v. of price as he move through a group of sandinistas gathere around a table they back be toward we as he adjust seating position and rearrange item that have be provide for the table . he take a light read and move quickly into position . price raise he camera . CUT to : price p.o.v. of a tableau of rafael , cinco , and soldier they sit at a table study a map , a copy of La prensa be display -- the headline declare that rafael be dead and feature a photo of somoza at the luncheon as he point to a map of the country . for a instant rafael look alive -- freeze frame . CUT to : ext . the road block to managua - later price and Claire be sit on top of a Red Cross truck as it head through sebaco . Soldiers from La guardia be everywhere . as the truck move through the village , something catch price 's eye : oate stand against a wall in command of a squadron two whore and several troops sit against a wall . as the truck pass , oate wave casually , with emotion . dissolve to : int . price HOTEL bathroom in managua - day Red light in the bathroom as price pull several photo print from the bath and plaster they wet against the mirror . photo of rafael in the camp , and he look very much alive . he pull more shot from the bath : the priest from leon , the businessman , commandante cinco and isela . he dry they off and hide they with they negative under a pile of equipment . he pick up the shot of rafael and leave . CUT to : ext . somewhere in managua a group of muchachos in mask , baseball cap , and bandanas race through the street carry a photo blow - up of rafael . CUT to : int . jazy' house the newspaper headline sit on jazy 's desk as jazy study it unemotionally . we hear miss Panama 's voice : miss panama marcel ! he spin on he chair as she glide in modeling a new dress . she spin magically for he -- he blow she a kiss . CUT to : ext . lush river valley of nicaragua - day a small private plane fly through a canyon , dwarf by the spectacular landscape . hub kittle work the room . int . the plane - day two masked guerillas hold a gun to the head of a pilot . a large sack be cramme into the tiny compartment with they . ext . a SMALL mountain town in nicaragua - day the plane fly in low over the town and suddenly : the sky be filled with leaflet that flutter to the ground . townspeople , bewilder at first , pick up the papers to see : close up -- price photograph of rafael alive local resident raise there fist in salute to the plane as it disappear into the mountain . CUT to : ext . the rooftop garden of the intercontinental - day journalist be gather to watch the fight which be now on the outskirt of managua . price stand to the side casually take picture of journalist take picture of the war . hub kittle float around provide drink and p.r. p.o.v . a push - pull airplane make bombing pass on the capitol . column of smoke rise throughout the city . regis move he mini - cam crew into position at the rail regis we get the smoke in frame ? crewmember ( move the camera slightly ) we get the smoke . regis Roll it ... claire stand to the other side with binocular watch . she accept a drink from hub and speak into she tape deck . claire under a steel gray July sky ... start again ... under a gray steel managuan sky ... scratch it ... in a extraordinary development in managua , President anastazio somoza have order the Air Force to begin bombing he own capitol , under a sky ... fuck it ... she fire down the drink and put down the mike . she pick up the binocular again and , glance below , be shocked : p.o.v. below -- alex get out of a cab with he suitcase he start into the hotel , glance up , and they see each other . claire oh my God ... price see Alex at the same time . Alex wave to both of as he head into the hotel . price and Claire look at each other . Claire sit down at a table , stunne to see Alex . price commandeer a waiter and join she with a fresh tray of drink . claire a scotch , please ... ( he nod ) double . price join she as other journalist jockey for position at the railing . he be equally upset and confuse . price what 's he do here ? claire I have no idea . alex come through the door with a couple journalist , see price and Claire and come over to join they . a polite kiss on Claire 's cheek , a handshake for price . a moment of awkwardness . alex congratulation . price on what ? alex on what ?! the Washington Post , the Times , network , wire service -- everybody 's pick up the picture . it 's fabulous . claire ( nervously ) well , yes ... it 's fabulous . price fabulous . unsure silence . claire why be you back ? alex I come back because of Russell . price because of I ? alex yeah ... the whole fuck East Coast be fall in love with rafael -- they be sure he be dead this time . somebody want to do a musical about he and he mug 's on every T-shirt in Central Park . Alex enjoy the lunatic mixture of politics and popular culture . alex I think he 's bigger than farrah fawcett . Claire and price struggle to enjoy this supremely uncomfortable moment . it 's not easy to enter the game . Claire attempt to change the subject . claire you look good . thing be okay ? alex I be happier in New York , sure , thing be great . you guy ? price terrific ... now ... I be a little slow here , Alex ... what exactly do you come back for ? no more game . Alex address price with conviction . alex it 's a great story . ( beat ) I want to talk to rafael ... and you be the only man in the world that can take I to he . price 's and Claire 's heart sink . they look at each other . Alex , despite he reluctance to return to Nicaragua , seem genuinely enthuse about the possible story . before price or Claire respond , hub kittle notice Alex and come over with a tray of drink , extend genuine greeting to the senior correspondent . hub Alex ! could not stay away , eh ? the fresh round of drink be put on the table . the sound of bomb rip the capitol be the only thing we hear . CUT to : int . claire' room - night Claire and price now have adjoin room . she be stare out the window as he come in . the mood be strain . claire we have get to tell Alex what happen . price no way . claire I will tell he . he deserve to know . price we do not owe he anything ! claire we owe he that ! ( beat ) he get you start in this business ... he cover for you miss deadline and make excuse for you unprofessional attitude before the world fall in love with you picture ... ( beat ) before kid fresh out of journalism school be rush off to any war they could to interview bullet and take picture of body -- like price ! ( beat ) he take care of you before you be hot ! silence . she 's hit home but he do not want to acknowledge it . price he would not understand . claire before Nicaragua you would not understand . I be not sure I exactly understand . ( beat ) what be we go to do ? there be something calculate in price 's tone , this be not the fearless , boyish innocent anymore . price I will take Alex to find rafael -- we will go to sebaco on the road to matagalpa -- the guardia heavily control the area and they be scared right now -- they will never let we through . we will not be able to get near rafael . Alex will understand -- and we will turn around and drive back without a story . Claire be disturb at this compound of the lie . claire that 's a lie ! price tell I about lie ! silence . they be co-conspirator and they know it . claire I do not want to tell he either . CUT to : ext . road to matagalpa - next day price 's white flagge newly rent press car streak along , overtake a ox cart . a guardia convoy be go the opposite direction , back toward managua . Alex look out of the car with interest -- he have not be to the front line for several war . price we may not be able to find he , y'know ... alex I have get supreme confidence in you . a car be on fire by the side of the road . price fly past ; Alex watch curiously . several people stand around the car . alex Claire look good , eh ? price everybody look good in the tropic . Alex be not sure how to respond to this curious reply . alex since I have not be able to find isela since come back , you be go to have to translate for I -- what the hell do that mean ? price be nervous , wire , on edge . price Alex ... I love she . Alex take this calmly -- it 's not exactly new information . alex and she ' think ' she love you . price it 's past the think stage . Alex look at the pass scenery -- he 's in no hurry . alex I would like to know something -- it probably do not matter in the great final scheme of thing ... but I be interested ... ( beat ) do you ever lay a hand on she before she leave I ? price no ! alex that 's the truth ? price yes ! ( beat ) Alex -- we be friend ! there be something desperate in he voice . CUT to : ext . a roadblock on the edge of sebaco - day price and Alex be order out of they car by a very unfriendly guardia soldier . he be order to put down he camera bag . the hood and trunk be open . soldier venga . they be lead to a shed by the roadside , a tire repair shop , where they sit down in a oily , dusty shack . they watch the soldier : p.o.v. the soldier tearing up the rental car , pull off door panel , look for weapon . alex I bet you go through a few rental car . price do not worry . I put this in you name . price and alex jerk to life at the sound of scream in the distance . a volley of gunfire follow . price move quickly into a adjoin shed and look through a crack in the wall : p.o.v. a execution squad in a field as several body be be haul away . two soldier reload they gun . pan to a figure move behind a wall -- oate . price hurrie through the shack toward the execution wall as Alex call to he and hurry after -- price be single - minded . as he move through the shack we hear another volley of fire , and price burst into a clear to see : two truck be load with body as oate supervise . price step into the clearing -- face -to-face with oate . they look at each other for several beat before anyone speak . oate be slightly embarrassed . oate no picture , eh ? might look bad . oate smile half - way ; price look around at the body . price you get pay by the body or by the hour ? oate I get pay the same way you do . what the fuck you doin ' in sebaco -- this place 's about to blow ... be not it ? price you do not have to nail pedro . oate who 's pedro ? Alex arrive and try to pull price back -- at the same time he see the body and be sicken at the sight . alex oh my God ... a body be carry through and load on a truck . oate 's tone be one of explanation rather than defense , very matter - of - fact . oate there 's a motherfuck war goin ' on , pal ... lotta sad storey . price mumble and wander to the next truck a few foot away , and as he see it he stop short , speechless . he point : the body of the priest from leon and the businessman , figure we see at rafael 's camp , sit in the back of the truck . they be splatter with blood and lifeless . price be shake . price why they ? why they ?! oate have to look to see who he 's talk about , and price lose he cool . price you be a cocksucker ! oate I do not suck no dick , man ... price grab oate and push he backward but oate respond like a animal . the two man go down in a heap and lash out at each other in the dust . they fight be largely ineffective , though very physical , until oate assert himself and knock price against a wall , break free to pick up he automatic rifle that he handle with one hand and shove it into price 's face . oate I would prefer not splattering you brain in a dump like this -- I get priority . ( to Alex ) guy want to be a hero , pop , get he outta here before he 's a number . ( beat ) be a shitty little town to buy it in . ( beat ) who be you ? alex Russell , let 's get outta here . price ( to oate ) fuck you . oate guy 's get a sense of humor , old man . ( beat ) get any dope ? tough place to find decent dope ? price why they ? oate they ? c'mere . you too . he lead they under a awning nearby where a couple soldier sit . a small table , some weapon , two shallow box , food , beer . oate rummages around to find what he want , and pull out : a handful of photograph , mostly snapshot , odd size , with name write on they . he sift through they quickly and we see a assortment of photograph of nicaraguan . he find what he 's look for and hold up : price photograph of the priest and the businessman , the picture take in rafael 's camp , blow up , cropped , and identify . the face be circle . oate if you mug show up in this box ... and ya try to make it through sebaco ... I owe yer ass . this information hit price in the gut , and he be seize with fear . alex who give you the picture ? oate what 's this , a interview ? I be not that dumb . price turn , he do not want to face it . alex off the record . oate off the record ... some pachuco give them to I . ai not none of my business , but I hear he get them from a frog . oate pull another picture from a different box and hold it up : photograph of isela oate Nice , eh ? price she dead ? oate not yet . Alex grab price and head back toward the roadblock . oate whatya ' expect ? we be the one gettin ' we butt kick . CUT to : int . the car - day price hang a u-turn at the roadblock and head back to managua . he drive crazily . price some-motherfucker-took-my-fucking - picture - I - do n't-fuck -know -what - happen ! ( beat ) fuck I ! silence . alex do not you ship the film to New York ? price I develop it in my room . ( plead ) Jesus Christ , Alex ?! silence . the car race . alex slow down . ( compassionately ) it be not you fault if somebody steal you stuff ... price it be . Alex do not force the issue , nor do he understand it entirely . alex what about rafael ? no answer -- the car race back to managua . Alex stare at price try to figure out what be wrong . CUT to : int . price room at the intercontinental HOTEL - later a maid be cleaning he room which be the usual disaster . price enter , just return , and quickly look for he negative under the equipment where he have hide they . price algo no esta aqui . fotografias . ( something be not here . photograph . ) maid ( in Spanish ) everything 's always a mess here . you should be neater . price negativos , negativos ! the may shrug -- price be crazy anyway , and : claire walk into the room she too look shake . he look up . claire commandante cinco 's body be just find on the road to matagalpa . the may start cry . they look at she helplessly as she sob , ' cinco , cinco ... ' CUT to : ext . street of managua - day a cab take they through the increasingly nervous city . La guardia troop truck be everywhere -- thing seem more hurried . a hunt rifle sit in the cabbie 's lap . they get out and knock on jazy 's door . guardia soldier watch they from a distance , a development that price and Claire be aware of . claire I do not think it 's jazy . still no answer . price oate say it be a frog . how many frenchmen you know around here ? jazy be not ' facilitate ' shit . price be impatient . he look around nervously -- the Guards be out of view -- and he slide a knife into the latch , jimmying the lock . the door open slowly -- a alarm go off . price and Claire duck inside quickly . claire Christ ! price , momentarily comfortable with the danger , respond quickly and find the alarm wire run along the door jamb . LA guardia troops nearby hear the alarm and head toward jazy 's . inside the house price find the alarm BOX which he pries open and expertly pull two wire . the alarm stop . immediately they begin go through drawer and cupboard . she pull out some harmless snapshot of miss Panama , replace they . claire be we look for negs or print ? price anything . they find nothing downstairs . the look up at the sound of distant gunfire . suddenly : loud bang at the front door -- La guardia . ext . two guardia soldier and a third arriving - day they look around warily , hungrily -- they know something be wrong . back inside the house we hear the shouting soldier , bang . price and Claire look at each other , and the camera bag . Claire point upstairs to price , to the door for herself . Russell grab the bag and bound quickly upstairs . Claire go to the front door , shaking nervously . claire open the door and face the soldier claire que quiere ? ( what do you want ? ) soldier donde esta senor jazy ? claire no esta aqui . soldier que quien ? ( who be you ? ) claire ( smile ) una novia suya . ( a girlfriend of he . ) the soldier look at each other curiously and push open the door to look in the house without enter -- respectful of jazy . soldier # 2 El hombre tiene muchas novias , eh ? ( the man have many girlfriend , no ? ) the soldier laugh and peer into the room . Claire force the door close on they , teasing slightly . claire no , no , no ... afraid to make a mistake with one of jazy 's sweetheart , they do not press the issue . the door close shut . int . the house claire sigh with frighten relief and hurry upstairs to join price . jazy' bedroom as she enter . a rumple bed , a spill wine glass -- a pleasant mess . claire Russell ? ( no answer ) Russell ? a door off the bedroom be open -- light spill out . Claire stop cold at what she see : price stand in a room full of photograph hundred of picture of all size , photographic equipment , a enlarger , camera and lense , etc . picture of sandino , newspaper photo , snapshot . p.o.v. of russell's photograph from rafael' camp cropped and blow up -- commandante cinco , the Priest of Leon , the businessman , isela . photograph of other slain rebel leader . the picture include face that have be circle with name write in -- exactly as in the picture oate possess . they be both stunne . price let 's get out of here . they hurry downstair and as they get to the front door -- the sound of somebody open it . they freeze . the door open and miss panama enter she smile and greet they in a friendly , aloof manner , and continue toward the waterless pool . miss panama hola . price and Claire return the greeting and continue out the door . CUT to : ext . jazy' house - the SOUND of mortar in the distance as they emerge , Claire tear a white cloth in half and tie it to a stick , hand half to price who do likewise . a earth mover go past , a guardia soldier at the wheel . more soldier cling to the machine , they gun at the ready . price we have get to talk to Alex . they start walk . claire you think we flag be big enough ? flag hold high , they move nervously down the street into the ominous silence of the city . CUT to : ext . street of managua - night Alex , price , and Claire get out of a cab and approach a large statue of somoza on horseback , surreally light by floodlight in the center of a traffic circle . four guardia Soldiers be visible on the sidewalk in the b.g. drink with two woman . price this be what I want to show you . alex we drive through three roadblock a half hour before curfew so you could show I a statue of tacho . price it 's not tacho . it 's mussolini . tacho go to Italy to commission a statue of himself , he find a warehouse full of Il duce on horseback , get a great deal on one of them -- bring it back and switch head . ( beat ) ya can not tell , can ya ? silence . Alex know price too well -- it 's a great story but that 's not why they be here . alex what the hell be you talk about ? claire I think what he 's try to say -- what we be try to say -- be that thing be not exactly what they seem to be . alex well , they do not " seem " to be that great so I can not wait for this one ... ( mock silliness ) hey , here we be ! two guy in the tropic in love with the same dame ... bullet fly ! claire Alex ! that 's not why we be here . alex oh yeah ? I leave the country because of he ... ( point to price ) ... and I come back because of he ... ( beat ) and now the cutest couple in town have I look up a horse 's ass on a midnight tour of managua . ( point up the statue 's ass ) what be we do here ? silence . Claire address Alex calmly . claire rafael be dead . silence . Alex be not quite sure he understand . alex in the picture he 's dead ? price ( shout ) Dead ! alex how the hell ... claire ( interrupt quickly ) who care how ?! silence . a bit of gallow laughter from Alex as he circle the statue . price calm and try to explain . price Alex ... I think I finally see one too many body . ( beat ) somoza be a killer . ( beat ) I think the war would end sooner . ( beat ) how many reason do you want ? alex you see too many body ? that 's a lot of body . ( beat ; to price ) you stupid son of a bitch . ( to Claire ) do he talk you into it ? claire no ! I want rafael to be alive . alex in some way I understand he do it , I do not like it but I understand ... but you ? claire I would do it again . Alex let it all sink in . this two people about whom he have such passionate feeling have totally expose themselves to he . alex you two have , of course , just serve I up you ball -- if that 's what they be call -- on a platter . ( several beat ) I can bury you both . you be hand I you career . they do not respond -- he 's right . alex well , Jesus Christ ... this be a motherfuck story , Russell ... ( long silence ) what be I suppose to do with it ? claire anything you want . small , tired gallow laughter from Alex . there be a long silence before Alex speak , aware of the irony . alex they be hold the lead in the World section for rafael . price it 's great stuff , be not it ? we would go down in a blaze of glory . alex oh yeah ... ( distraught ) I do not know what to do . ( beat ) I have gotta take some kind of a story back with I . maybe jazy , eh ? claire oh Jesus . price it 's a little dangerous look for jazy at the moment . alex ( mock heroic ) ah , danger -- I love it . you could ask the pointy - shoed little bastard about you picture ... and I could ask he whatever happen to isela . claire she 's a officer in the rafael army -- we see she in matagalpa . Alex be surprised slightly , but take pleasure in revealing it . alex you mean I sleep with a sandinista ? price and Claire exchange glance . Alex be dead serious . alex I guess rafael be alive , eh ? CUT to : int . claire' room - night price and claire lie in bed sweat . a siren and distant mortar can be hear outside . price go to the window and shut it -- the room be quieter and hotter . he pound a break air conditioning duct . price damn air conditioning . he look out the window -- it never use to be this complicated . claire I wish I be home . silence . price c'mere . she go to he , lie down , and they embrace . claire do you think it 's almost over ? a loud , long burst of automatic weapon fire be hear somewhere outside . they eye be open as they hold onto each other . CUT to : ext . the street of managua - next morning a sense of forebode . heavy road equipment prowl the street look for rebel barricade to destroy . tanquettas and guardia everywhere . the flag drape press car of price and Alex drive slowly . p.o.v. out of the car as they look carefully thing feel wrong . guardia barricade be everywhere , force they to follow a route they might not choose . the guardia soldier at the barricade seem on edge . when jazy 's house be visible in the distance , barricade force they another direction . guardia soldier race down a STREET toward gunfire and the car stop . when the road be clear it creep into a intersection . they check they position . the car creep to a stop and they look around further . a pig cross the STREET 100 yard away and be shot by a soldier . everything be wrong . price look around restlessly . price Alex ... let 's go back . alex jazy 's probably sit in the bar laugh at we . which way 's the hotel ? price I do not know . a woman peek out of a doorway watching alex I will ask she ... be right back . price just a sec ' ... take a flag . but Alex be out of the car at once , approach the woman . Alex motion that " it 's not necessary " and talk to the woman . we can not hear , but she point down the block . inside the car price crank film into place , he action be automatic and nervous . when he look up : p.o.v. alex fifty yard away walk in the direction she point , he motion to price as if to say , " just check this out . " price look around nervously for a sense of direction and as he do , look through the camera . through camera p.o.v. of the dead pig follow by quick blurred pan to other image -- tank , house , woman , soldier -- until it settles on alex in the intersection . two guardia soldier come up to he and he hold out he hand as if to say , " I be lose . " alex talk to the soldier -- freeze frame click , click -- and the whirring sound of a motor drive , another freeze frame click , click , more whirring -- price be on automatic pilot . another soldier order Alex up against a wall . nobody see price take picture -- it happen too quickly . through camera p.o.v. alex be shot in the chest from point blank range -- freeze frame click , click , whirring as the image blur and the camera be drop . price stare without the camera p.o.v. alex lie dead as the soldier look around the act be random , almost nonchalant . price start to run toward alex shouting madly . price you fuck ! you fuck ! he stop quickly as they see he , realize how expose he be . the guardia start firing at he , realize the murder be record . guardia soldier fotografia ! CUT to : price leap in he car and start it up , racing around the corner as bullet rip into the car . the window shatter , and price be hit in the shoulder he clutches he bleed arm as he race on . ext . shantytown barrio - day the car grind to a halt and price leap from it , racing into a maze of ramshackle hut . CUT to : int . somoza's bunker a hastily call press conference . tacho take a quick drag on a cigarette and make the announcement . somoza it be with grave concern that we announce that Alexander grazier , senior american correspondent , have be murder at the hand of terrorist ... a shock wave go through the room -- hand raise , question . somoza Mr. kittle have prepare statement for you . somoza turn and leave as kittle pass out press statement . CUT to : int . claire' HOTEL room tv be on . she 's at the typewriter work on a story . a photograph of alex come on the television news , with Spanish language commentary over the image . claire keep working and gradually type less as she hear the story , finally rise and move in front of the television as a local newsman read of Alex 's death and we see the somoza press announcement . the phone ring : Claire pick up the phone and listen silently before hang up . she sit down shakily on the bed and start cry . CUT to : ext . the shantytown barrio - day price hurrie through the passageway between tin shack , through tiny yard of goat and chicken , through house as poor that the war have nearly pass they by . price be hurt , and look around with fear to see : the guardia soldier move down into the shantytown , fan out to quickly engulf the barrio . they move quickly . a helicopter gunship move in low over the barrio and open up sporadic outburst of fire to insure nobody will try to flee . price run down a alley and nearly run right into the guardia . he hide behind a paper thin wall of flatten beer can -- the guardia move past he only inch away . price start off in another direction , but guardia appear -- he be trap in the barrio . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby journalist be everywhere -- suitcase pack -- try to get out of the country . the registration desk be chaos . regis try to get the attention of the clerk -- so do everyone else . regis get my bill and get I a cab , hey , amigo ! the clerk be under attack . clerk no cab . regis cab ! clerk no cab ! claire get off the elevator and move through this chaos regis see she and try to give she comfort -- she 's beyond that . she wear a jacket and carry she bag -- she 's go somewhere . regis I be sorry , Claire ... she push he away politely ; she be single - minded now . claire Heard from Russell ? regis nobody have . claire wanta help I find he ? regis look at she like she 's crazy . regis Claire ... it 's on the weird side out there ... hub kittle enter the lobby , see Claire and volunteer : hub Jesus Christ , Claire , a human tragedy , what can I say ? Claire be nearly in tear , but resist . claire fuck off , hub , get outta my way . claire exit the HOTEL and get into her PRESS car CUT to : ext . street of managua - long shot of jazy' house - day Claire stay in she car and watch the house -- no way to get close -- and she continue drive , she route dictate by the same barricade that direct Alex and price . she pass the dead pig in the street , and two red cross worker make they way slowly around a corner , frighten . Claire get out of she car and approach they . claire ( in Spanish ) do you know where the american journalist be kill ? they all point down a street . she show they the polaroid of price and she . claire ( in Spanish ) have you see he ? they have not and continue on they way . Claire walk in the direction they point -- no street fight but many guardia . p.o.v. price car far down the STREET surrounded by guardia CUT to : ext . shantytown - day price hunch down and crawl behind the stall as soldier move through the yard look for he . a woman in a doorway watch price hide the woman appear in a doorway and motion with her head for price to dart inside . CUT to : int . the house - day nothing be say . price be lead into a room , one of many -- but this room be board over . there be no escape . price be in pain , he arm bleed , he 's tiring . woman ( in Spanish ) this be the best I can offer . price gracias . price stand in the tiny room waiting he lean against the wall behind the door . he shut he eye -- a noise at the door . when he open they : the woman be stand there with a gun she hand it to he and leave , bolt the door . price leans against the wall holding a revolver and he wait -- camera around he neck , gun in hand , bloody , slightly ridiculous , and scared . CUT to : ext . the street of managua - day price 's shot up car be not far away , but she 's afraid to approach it . she show the picture of price to a small boy who do not recognize it . guardia soldier spot claire and walk toward she . she can not tell if the act be routine or threaten . he call out to she . soldier venga aqui . she hesitates -- Alex be dead , everything be crazy . she start toward he , then change she mind , turn , and walk quickly away from he . the soldier run toward her claire run faster and dart into a narrow passageway behind a house , where she look back . he call for support -- several join he and hurry after she . panicky , she run between house . overhead plane buzz the neighborhood as Claire emerge from the ' maze ' to see : p.o.v. price car abandoned and full of hole near the shanty town . guardia be everywhere . the helicopter gunship be overhead . CUT to : int . the house where price hide - day he hear the Guard break in , and he cock he gun . int . same house as the squadron leader and three soldier burst in -- the woman stand in the middle of the room and lie . woman ( in Spanish ) nobody be here . get out . the sqaudron leader point to different room for each soldier , and they proceed to kick in each door , automatic rifle ready . price room as he hear a soldier at this door . the door be kicked OPEN , and a soldier step into the room for a moment he do not see price -- then he whirl and face the photographer who 's so scared he 's forget to raise he gun . price and the soldier be face-to-face the soldier be a fourteen - year - old boy fight back tear . he , too , be scared to death . neither be quite sure why he be there -- they just want it to end . price and the boy AIM there gun at each other as they hear the voice of the squadron leader in the other room . leader esta alli ?! ( be he there ? ) no answer . leader esta alli ?! squadron leader head toward the room but as he do , the boy soldier appear in the doorway . boy soldier no esta aqui . the leader grunt a order , and the squadron quickly head to the next house . price body slump against the wall exhausted , and the woman enter as soon as the last soldier have go . price 's brief moment of peace be shattered by the scream of guardia troops and the explosion of rocket fire from the gunship . he look outside . the gunship fire into the shantytown kill several of its own guardia troops . a guardia officer scream at the gunship and fire a hand gun at the giant chopper . guardia officer ( in Spanish ) we be you ! we be you ! what be you do ?! guardia troops evacuate the shantytown in a panicky scramble to escape they own gunship . price race through the back of the shantytown , take advantage of the chaos , and without slow down , break free of the maze of the barrio . claire' p.o.v. of price racing across the STREET , past a body and a overturn , smoking car , back into the rubble strewn block of the edge of the city . a tanquetta come around a corner and see price a block away . claire Russell ! price sees her , and race along a wall until they meet , grab she on the run -- each be panicky and frighten -- and they duck into very shallow cover , barely safe . price what be you do here ?! they embrace quickly and tightly , but look around nervously as they do . price be not sure if anybody know about Alex . claire Alex ! price the guardia do it -- I get picture . p.o.v . a tanquetta pass on the next STREET , visible through shattered hole in the building . a guardia squadron pass . price and claire run down the STREET in the opposite direction , they path guide somewhat by a overturn bus in a intersection , abandon barricade and roadblock , and the rubble of street fight . CUT to : ext . the STREET of jazy' house - day price and claire hesitate at the corner and move slowly along , see two sandinistas , dress half in camouflage gear , half disco . the two guerrillas seem to control the street . price and Claire approach warily . price hola. ( the guerrilla nod ; in Spanish ) do you control this area ? the sandinista look at he comrade , then look around nervously , frighten , then shrug . DISCO sandinista ( in Spanish ) I do not know . price and Claire continue on down the street and simultaneously notice something strange : the door to jazy' house be wide OPEN they approach carefully and look in a view to the court - yard . Claire stick she head in the door slowly , and as she do : a giant hand gun be stuck in her temple as two muchachos quickly seize she and price , drag they inside . CUT to : int . jazy' courtyard - late in day jazy stand with a third gun at he head , be hold by the most forceful and craze of three young muchachos . with gun on jazy , price , and Claire , there be much confusion as to who 's in charge and what exactly they be do . muchacho # 1 ( in Spanish ) who be you ? jazy they be my friend . muchacho # 2 ( in Spanish ) shut up . we kill they all . muchacho # 3 ( in Spanish ) no. only he . the gun be aim back and forth in confusion -- price and Claire do not have a chance to respond , and they be not sure what to say . muchacho # 1 ( in Spanish ) him or he or she ? the muchachos begin argue rapidly among themselves ; and as they do , jazy address price and Claire coolly . jazy well , here we be , eh ? muchacho # 1 ( in Spanish ) assassin ! shut up ! jazy the boy be confuse -- they think I have they family kill . price you murder people . jazy " murder " be a word for criminal . I have a job to protect the stability of a continent . muchacho # 3 pig ! hijo de puta ! jazy please ... he be not begging for he life as much as for they to calm down . claire you get catch by some boy ? jazy yes . poet too , I imagine . ( beat ) be you recorder on ? claire ( hesitates ) yes . jazy good . I have a speech to make . the muchachos do not understand what he 's say , but they stop to listen to he style . the gun remain train on all three . jazy I like you people , but you be sentimental shit . you fall in love with the poet , the poet fall in love with the marxist , the marxist fall in love with themselves . the country be destroy with rhetoric , and in the end we be stick with tyrant . muchacho # 1 ( in Spanish ) shut up ! jazy turn to the boy who jam the gun into he head and speak with tired authority . jazy un minuto , por favor . muchacho # 2 ( to price and Claire , more calmly ) who be you ? jazy ( in Spanish ) they be journalist . the muchachos be immediately surprised and delighted , and one of they speak in excited , break English . muchacho # 1 periodistas ! take this picture ! I be go to blow he head off . the muchachos quickly withdraw they gun from price and Claire and aim they all at jazy 's head . jazy somoza ? he be a tyrant too , of course . a butcher . ( beat ) but finally that be not the point , you see . if we wish to survive -- we have a choice of tyrant , and for all the right reason , you poet choose the wrong side . muchacho # 1 ( impatiently ) fotografia ! price no . jazy yes. ( beat ) you picture of rafael be brilliant ... but I be alive , and better look . a good look frenchman with a sympathetic face be murder in cold blood while fight for the survival of Europe and America . ( beat ) you will have another magazine cover ! ( smile ) muy complicado , no ? muchacho # 1 ( in Spanish ) ready ! now ! claire you pick the wrong side . jazy in fifty year we will know who 's right . ( beat ) be you go to take the picture as the bullet enter the skull or as it come out ? this wall 's a nice color , eh ? I can move into the sunlight . claire turn and walk away , she back to the scene . jazy ( to Claire ) it 's just a story ! price remains and stare at jazy as the muchachos grow increasingly impatient . some part of he want to take the picture . muchacho # 1 ( in Spanish ) shut up ! jazy they say that if somebody 's hold a gun on you , you should never stop talk ... that 's the theory -- who know ?... price turn and walk away toward Claire . still -- jazy talk . jazy maybe it 's a good thing that I talk too much ... a gunshot ring out . price grimace . Claire shut she eye . they turn to look at the fall jazy as the Three muchachos , frighten by they own act , race back into the street . for several moment price and Claire stand , freeze , until the rumbling sound of a helicopter gunship nearby force they to hurry outside . price and claire go to the doorway and look out as a jeep full of guardia scream past p.o.v. several guerrillas retreating from a advancing tanquetta a block away . the neighborhood seem to be change hand again . price and Claire slump in the darkness near the doorway ; she touch near he wounded arm . claire you okay ? ( he nod ) Russell ... what do Alex do ? price nothing . he ask for direction . she shake she head and lean it against price 's shoulder but the distant pop of gun do not even allow she a moment of mourn . they head pop up nervously . price we gotta get outta sight -- half the fuck army 's look for I ... claire they be not look for I . silence . claire let I have the film ... ( beat ; unsure ) ... if I can not get to the hotel I will come back here ... price do not want she to go alone , but he 's not that excited about hide out in the middle of the city either . price aw , Christ ... ( frustrated ) I have wreck everything else , at least let I take care of you here . claire Russell ... it 's more dangerous be with you than be alone . he know she 's right . he love she , and he 's make enough disastrous decision lately . he hesitates , then pop open he camera and remove the film . price tie the film into the white flag that hang from a stick stick into she belt . price and claire embrace and kiss briefly price do not get hurt . claire ( affectionately ) that 's great advice . they kiss , and Claire run out after a Red Cross truck . price watch nervously until they turn a corner , out of sight , then go back inside jazy 's courtyard . price nearly stumble over jazy' body , stop , stare -- he would forget already . the body make he uneasy , and after several moment he find a sheet and cover jazy . price then sit down and wait nervously , share the courtyard with jazy . CUT to : ext . street of managua - dusk claire walk alongside the red cross truck as it come around a corner . the truck turn one direction , she want to go the other way toward the hotel . p.o.v . -- the intercontinental HOTEL on the hill in distance - dusk guardia troops heavily patrol the ground between Claire and the hotel -- a jeep , a troop carrier , a tanquetta , and fifty foot soldier . claire take temporary cover offer by a middle - aged woman who see that she be afraid of La guardia . Claire step behind a wall yard . moment later : a boy on a bike ride slowly out of the yard and turn up the hill toward the guardia and the hotel . Claire 's white flag be tie to he handlebar . claire watch fearfully as the boy pedal into the military zone . the woman offer Claire some food ; she decline . CUT to : ext . the road to the intercontinental HOTEL - dusk the boy pedal slowly , in no hurry , past La guardia troops . some of they watch he curiously , some ignore he . the white flag flutter as he ride . CUT to : ext . street of managua - dusk claire retrace her step to the block where price be hide in jazy 's house . the two DISCO sandinistas lie dead in the STREET , a dog sniff at the body . Claire look around -- there be little sign of life . she enter jazy 's house . CUT to : int . jazy' house - dusk claire enter and stop . she call out he name , no answer . price be go . she hurry back outside . CUT to : ext . jazy' house - dusk two guardia troop carrier race past , siren scream , load with guardia soldier . Claire step into the street unsurely , look every direction . people begin coming out of there home and what remain of they small home . they come one at a time at first , then in small group , carry belonging , pet , chicken , etc . claire show a picture of price and her to a woman who come out of the house next to jazy 's , but the woman shake she head , not recognize price . a push - pull plane dive in low firing rocket at the home . the crowd grow and chaotically flee the destruction , gradually find a direction out of the city . Claire be sweep along in the crowd , at first without choice , then finally flee for she life with the rest of managua . as she move with the crowd , she look for price everywhere , without success . CUT to : ext . a temporary refugee camp - night several campfire burn near the edge of the city where dozen have take temporary refuge . Claire arrive to see : a body on a stretcher be carried up outside stair to a rooftop from which glow several bare bulb . she go up the stair to the rooftop . CUT to : ext . a rooftop hospital - night a makeshift mobile hospital under awning and palm frond , capable of move location in minute . a woman doctor and two temporary orderly tend to wounded . a small black and white television sit on a table and that who be able watch the seige of managua on television while it go on around they . Claire look for price among the dead or wounded . p.o.v . -- the CITY under attack Claire watch for several moment -- smoke , flame , the buzzing sound of plane swoop low , flee crowd . she then notice the television . price footage of alex' death come on the tv screen , and she push closer to see the grim sequence . the news commentator explain in Spanish what we see claire be so disturbed at the image that she turn away , sicken , hurt , guilty , outrage , but unable to break down . she close she eye -- she face be cover with tear . the Doctor notice this and speak softly to she . doctor journalist ? ( Claire nod ) you know the man who be kill ? ( she nod again ) fifty thousand nicaraguan have die ... and now one yankee . ( beat ) perhaps now Americans will be outrage at what be happen here , eh ? it take a while for Claire to respond . claire yes ... perhaps they will . noise in the distance from mortar . the Doctor speak calmly , without bitterness in the voice , but with total conviction . doctor maybe we should have kill a american journalist fifty year ago . Claire acknowledge the grim truth of the observation with a slight nod , and walk to the railing as : alex' death be repeated in freeze frame sequence over and over again as the orderly , Doctor , and patient gather to watch with fascination . claire stare out at the CITY on FIRE , when she eye catch something -- a light in the sky . she watch : p.o.v . -- a helicopter with searchlight pass overhead , momentarily illuminate the hospital , but it continue on , curiously uninterested in the guerrilla activity . the chopper sweep above a nearby hill and hover , then slowly lower to earth . claire watch with interest then descend the stair . CUT to : ext . the cemetery - night somoza watch as a back hoe dig up the coffins of he parent . a Army helicopter land , lighting the scene , and miss Panama rush from the chopper into he arm as the turbulence from the blade raise she dress and muss he hair . Soldiers place the dirt - cover casket on the roof of somoza 's two mercede , hastily tie they down , and the strange motorcade , flanke by two heavily armed jeep , drive off into the dark . claire watch it all from a safe distance , not far from the refugee camp . she turn and walk slowly back to the camp . CUT to : ext . the refugee camp - late at night Claire sit down against the remain of a wall . the war have overtaken she -- she do not know if price be alive -- and though totally involved , she be at last a observer once again . Claire notice the tiny red light of she recorder be still on . she turn it off , and as the sound of battle gradually die down , Claire fall asleep -- exhaust . dissolve to : ext . the refugee camp - dawn claire sleep against the wall as a dog sniff and lick she face . she awaken with a start -- the dog scurries away . Claire rise and look around . a local woman push a cart carry the wrap body of she husband through the otherwise quiet street of managua . claire move through the camp just come to life , and look around try to interpret the eerie silence . a woman tend to she two SMALL child . claire ( in Spanish ) have you see La guardia ? woman with child ( in Spanish ) no . be the war over ? claire ( in Spanish ) I do not know . a distant , droning noise get steadily louder . Claire look around nervously . a child run down the STREET shout child tanquettas ! tanquettas ! p.o.v . -- several tanquettas and earth mover come over the hill in the distance . the refugees look up fearfully and some hide . as the war machinery get closer , we see that : sandinistas be drive the machine drape with red and black ( f.s.l.n. ) , blue and white ( nicaraguan ) , and yellow and white ( the vatican ) flag . graffiti of victory cover the tanquettas . people come into the STREET cheering , embrace , only gradually realize what have happen . woman with child ( in Spanish ) be the war over ? claire yes . woman with child es bueno . ( it be good . ) the woman continue with she child , she comment unemotional , and Claire smile slightly and walk away , through a city awaken slowly to its victory . claire stop a red cross truck and show the driver she picture of price . the picture mean nothing to the driver . Claire continue through the city , look for price . CUT to : ext . the intercontinental HOTEL - morning claire walk into the pool area where chair and table float in the pool , the bar be overturn , and the once sumptuous press oasis be a disaster . CUT to : int . the intercontinental HOTEL - morning claire enter a deserted lobby , also a mess , and hesitates before climb the circular stair . claire look into price room , and find it empty , and typically messy . claire walk into her own room -- price stand at the balcony look out at the jubilant city from which smoke still rise . claire and price embrace deeply , hold onto each other without the slight intention of let go . dissolve to : int . the intercontinental lobby - later - day price and claire come downstair to the lobby . they be clean up in fresh clothes ; they have survive and the war be over . the lobby be coming to life again with regis ' camera crew , who look like they have have a long night , a bus boy , a maid , a old couple , and a white woman , 38 , with two SMALL daughter -- all either sit or mill in the b.g . price and claire stop short at what they see . price Alex . p.o.v . -- a handmade casket sitting in the lobby with the name , " A. grazier " scrawle in feel pen . price and Claire stand next to the box silently -- there be nothing to say -- but the silence be interrupt by a familiar voice that be polite , unforce , and sincere . voice of hub kittle it be the best I would do under the circumstance . the casket , I mean . awkward silence until they realize that he 's sincere . claire can you help we ship it home ? hub I have already take care of it . ( beat ) I always like the guy . I can not even get ticket for my own family , but I could get you two on the plane if you want . we see the woman and little girl as hub 's family . price yes , please ... hub tacho 's in Miami . a share silence at the lunacy of the moment , interrupt by the tired voice of one of hub 's daughter . hub' daughter daddy ! hub ( to price and Claire ) I be sorry . I have a job to do -- that 's all -- it put I in some unhappy situation . hub go over to take care of he family . CUT to : ext . plaza of managua' largest cathedral - later - day thousands of people have gather to celebrate in loud and joyous sing , lead by a group on the high cathedral step , surround by Revolutionary leader wave to the crowd . a singing group sing a song to Nicaragua , and a song to rafael . rafael' body in a fancy casket be carry in through the crowd to wild cheer and sing . High over the pallbearer ' head it move through the crowd . price and claire stand to the side watch it all . the celebration be joyously infectious , and for the moment we can forget the bloodsh , forget the problem that lay ahead , forget even the death of Alex . price pull out a camera and begin take picture of the celebration . isela be at the microphone with other guerrilla leader . claire work through the crowd with she mike hold high , recording the sing of the crowd . price back under the awning of a stand sell refreshment , and especially rum and Coke mixture know suddenly and triumphantly as " nicalibres . " as price snap off picture -- a voice from a american in casual street clothes drink at the temporary bar . oate hey , pricey ... price look over to see the smile oate . oate it 's all over , eh ? we make it . I like the sing . price what be you do here ? oate free country . now it 's free , anyway . ( raise he drink ) nicalibre ! oate hold up he kodak instamatic camera . oate how ' bout a quickie ? ( no response ) no ? thing be heating up in Thailand ... think I would check it out . ( beat ) you be not gonna turn I in , be ya ? price turn and walk away oate be I gonna see ya in Thailand ? we could be friend ! price keep walk , into the crowd , where he find Claire . oate order another nicalibre , and beat he foot to the music . price and claire in the crowd price we have get a plane to catch . claire do you get enough picture ? no answer -- a final complicated question from Claire -- they smile . price wave for a cab which pull over . they get in the cab and drive away . hold on the victory celebration the end