( name of Project ) by ( name of first writer ) ( base on , if any ) revision by ( name of subsequent writer , in order of work perform ) current revision by ( current writer , date ) name ( of company , if applicable ) address phone number ext - greenwood tree / wood - night 1 a clear , black winter sky dust with white star . the occasional snow flake whipped by a cold wind . the bough of the greenwood tree , heavy with snow . a cart rattles along a rutte road , the driver wrap up against the chill . his passenger be fancy day , a woman in she twenty . she be very attractive , buttone - up , she bright eye nervous and serious as the cart shudder on through the winter wood . leave quiet to descend once more in the wood . a long beat . then we see a orange glow and a man walk towards we . dick dewey be in he twenty , a well - build , charming , good-humoured man . he stride forward , sing happily to himself , the light from he lamp illuminate he strong , handsome feature . Dick stop when he hear a man holler a greeting at he through the wood : penny Dick ? that you , Dick dewey ? another lamp swing towards Dick through the darkness . dick the very same , Robert penny . a small , bespectacle man step out of the gloom to shake hand with Dick , a fiddle tuck under one arm . this be Robert penny , the boot-maker . penny tis as chill a Christmas Eve as I remember . then another man lumber out from behind penny . he be tall , goofy , perhaps not the sharpest knife in the picnic hamper , but kind and well - like . thomas leaf . leaf hello , we Dick . dick Thomas . ( continued ) continued : 1 penny you be in fine voice , Dick . myself , I need some libation on a cold night . dick then we would best get ourselves to father 's house , Mr penny . the three man stride off through the snow . int - mellstock / fancy 's house - night 2 Fancy 's face be illuminate as she light a lamp . we see now that she be prettily but quite formally dress . Fancy hold up the light to investigate she new home . it 's spartan and bleak , the wall bare , just some old bit of furniture , and Fancy can not stop herself sighing . we hear Dick , penny and leaf as they walk by outside . ext - mellstock / dewey house - night 4 Dick , penny and leaf walk through the small dorset village of mellstock . one house in particular look like a cocoon of warmth and light on this cold night , its window glow orange with light under a ramshackle thatched roof . the man walk up to the front door , kick the snow from they boot . int - mellstock / dewey house - night 5 reuben dewey , the village tranter and Dick 's father , be stoop over a hogshead of cider , expertly broaching it . he be a man of insight and humour , very much the unspoken leader of the mellstock choir . the house be a chaos of life and batter furniture , kid and dog and cat everywhere . a fire roar in the hearth . reuben 's wife , mary , be fix some mistletoe to a ceiling already deck with holly . reuben I 'il have first call on that , Mrs dewey . ( continued ) continued : 5 mary i’1l remind you of that when the barrel be empty . they eldest daughter , susan ( 20 ) , be bring in food from the kitchen , try not to fall over Jim ( 16 ) , bessey ( 13 ) or charley ( 10 ) . Dick , penny and leaf come into the house , quickly shutting the door against the cold . reuben hello , my sonny , here you be ! mary come in , come in ! never mind you shoe . you get yourself by that fire , Thomas leaf . penny look at the hogshead and lick he lip . penny a good drop , reuben ? reuben we shall soon see , Robert . susan ( teasing , to Dick ) Anne say to say she ’1ll be come tomorrow night . dick she will be as welcome as anybody else , then . bessey be you go to marry Anne , Dick ? charley you say you have mever marry , Dick , and live here with mother and father and I for ever . Susan laugh out loud at this and go to answer a knock at the door . Dick lift the laugh charley over he head . dick and so I shall . another group of man from the choir - elias spink ; michael mail and joseph bowman , all with they instrument , be stand there . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 5 spink merry Christmas , Mary . mary merry Christmas , neighbour . get yourselves by the fire . the man of the choir be stand around reuben and the keg , watch he tap the barrel with almost religious fascination . reuben fetch we a mug , suze . Susan hand she father a mug and he take it without look , like a surgeon take a instrument from a nurse . reuben ( cont ’d ) here we go , my sonny . reuben tap the hogshead and a shower of cider spray up into the room , soaking reuben and wetting some of the other . mary ( scold ) reuben ! there be much laughter and reach for mug as reuben fight to plug the hole and the spraying cider . int - mellstock / fancy 's house - night 6 Fancy be in she dusty bedroom , sweeping and clean with gusto . it 's dirty work but she be determine to make a go of she new situation . a mouse scuttle out from under a wardrobe and Fancy let out a involuntary yelp , before she chase the mouse with she broom . int - mellstock / dewey house - night 7 a small , delicate , female shoe sit incongruously on a table . reuben , penny , leaf , spink , mail and bowman all sit around this fascinating object , they face warm from the fire and the cider . ( continued ) continued : Dick sit away from they by the fire , fix one of charley 's toy as the boy look on , rapt . penny you can tell a lot about a person from they shoe . mary have you meet she ? penny not yet . she send she shoe ahead of she for I to fix . susan what 's she like , then ? penny lift the shoe up to inspect it . penny you will find she delicate but robust , neighbour . part country girl she once be , part educate lady she be now . dick ( laugh ) you do talk some nonsense , Robert penny . penny ( awed ) this shoe have dance on the marble floor of Exeter . reuben who will she marry then , my sonny ? a shoe like that will need a fancy table to go under . spink then Farmer shiner 's you man . some sage nod of the head at this . mary he 's be rattling around that big house on he own for too long now . reuben if shiner 's not to she like it will be parson maybold , you mark my word . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) mary the new parson ? reuben I deliver he a great wooden box this very day , take four of we to get it from the cart into the parsonage . penny what be in the box , reuben ? reuben he do not say and I think it impolite to ask . but more than once he glance from the box to she lodging with a gleam in he eye . reuben 's gossip have they all enthralled . mail tis a very small shoe . reuben the littler the may , the bigger the riddle . susan what do you think , Dick ? Dick stand up . dick I think it 's time for sing . int - mellstock / shiner 's house - night in total contrast to the chaotic dewey residence , farmer shiner 's house be silent except for the tick of a grandfather clock . shiner be in he fifty , a gruff , nouveau riche farmer , the richest man in the village . the house be expensively decorate and furnish but lack a certain warmth . shiner have enjoy a large meal and a large amount of wine and be stretch out on a chaise longue , gently snore . his ancient dog sleep as soundly by the crackle hearth . it fart . 10 11 ext - mellstock / shiner 's house - night 9 the choir - Dick ; reuben ; bowman ; penny ; leaf ; spink ; mail et al - stand outside shiner 's house in the snow . silence . reuben fortissimy . then reuben make a flourish with he bow and they all start play they instrument with great vim and vigour and sing with gusto : choir ( sing ) '' in bethlehem he be bear , o thou man ; in bethlehem he be bear for mankind 's sake ... '' int - mellstock / shiner 's house - night 10 the dog hear the cacophony first , leap up from he dream and start bark . shiner be rip from he slumber by the noise , sit up with a jolt . ext - mellstock / shiner 's house - night 11 reuben lead the mellstock choir in they carol , which be play with tremendous enthusiasm but only approximate tunefulness . a shutter open in shiner 's house and the farmer 's florid face appear in the window . shiner shut up , will ee ! can not a man have a quiet night on Christmas Eve ? the choir be make so much noise that they can not actually hear he word . dick what 's shiner say , father ? reuben ( mischievous ) I think he want more . fortissimy ! shiner disappear from the window and the choir bash on with gusto . ( continued ) 11 12 continued : 11 then a jug of water be emptied over they from shiner 's window and the grind to a halt . the window be slam shut , the shutter close . a beat . reuben ( cont ’d ) merry Christmas . ext - mellstock / schoolhouse / parsonage - night 12 the choir shuffle up the main street of the village , snow fall on they baffle face . penny very unseemly , very . spink and he a churchwarden . reuben loneliness and a drop of drink , my sonny , what do I tell you ? still , we will ask he to we party tomorrow night and put he back in good humour . the choir stop in the street , mid - way between the schoolhouse and the parsonage . leaf I be a-cold . dick bit more sing , Thomas , and we will get some victual inside you . reuben look at the parsonage and then Fancy 's house . reuben two bird with one stone . reuben hold up he bow and they get ready . reuben ( cont ’d ) fortissimy ! once more the choir attack they instrument with gusto and sing lustily . 13 14 int - mellstock / schoolhouse / bedroom - night 13 Fancy have already make she little bedroom more homely , with fresh linen on the bed and a small fire glow warmly in the hearth . she be put some dress away , smoothing they out , loving they style and colour . she be in a white night dress , hair wild and tumble over she shoulder . she turn as the noise of the choir reach she , walk to the window with a smile , open it . ext - mellstock / schoolhouse / parsonage - night 14 as Fancy open she window it throw a warm orange light over the upturn face of the mellstock man below she . she look down at they , she hair tumble around she silhouett beauty and she warm , generous smile , and each man be smitten . the choir come to the end of the carol . fancy thank you , singer , thank you . penny i‘1l put you shoe by the door , miss . a window open in the parsonage and a cheery parson maybold be visible there . maybold very pleasant , singer . excellent . maybold look over at where Fancy be still frame in she bedroom window . the choir follow this follow conversation above they head as if it be a tennis match . maybold ( cont 'd ) miss Day , be it ? welcome to mellstock . fancy thank you kindly , Mr maybold . maybold I trust you be settling in well ? ( continued ) 14 15 10 . continued : 14 fancy I be , sir , thank you . maybold excellent . May I ask you to call by in the morning before the service , there 's something I would very much like you to see . fancy certainly , Mr maybold . maybold ( a little awkward ) splendid . i’1l say good night , then , and merry Christmas . fancy merry Christmas , Mr maybold . maybold close he window . fancy ( cont 'd ) merry Christmas , singer . Fancy Day also close she window , she loveliness take from they . snow fall on the choir as they take this all in . reuben parson maybold it be , then . some naughty , suppress laughter from the choir . reuben ( cont ’d ) time for some eat and a small drop to keep we go , I reckon . this be meet with cheery consensus and the choir move off down the street . int - mellstock / parsonage - night 15 a very energise parson maybold be in he shirtsleeve now , attack the wooden crate with a metal bar , prise the wood apart . finally he step back and admire he new purchase with wonderment : a brand new , pedal - power harmonium . 16 17 18 11 . ext - mellstock church - night 16 the ancient parish spire push into the starry winter night as the straggler from the choir enter the church . int - mellstock church - night 17 there be a gallery in the church where the choir sit and play and even now habit make they sit there . candle gutter as they unwrap bread and swig cider from a communal jug . spink a sight like that be worth sing for . reuben as near a thing to a spiritual vision as ever I wish to see . penny prettier even than she shoe . leaf pretty . penny hold up the empty jug . penny we appear to be dry , reuben . reuben Dick have another jug on he . Dick ? they all look around but there be no sight of Dick . reuben ( cont ’d ) Dick ! where 's that boy get to ? ext - mellstock / schoolhouse - night 18 Dick have not move since we last see he . snow have settle on he shoulder and head but he do not notice . he stare up at the now - shutter window of Fancy Day . end of part one part two * 19 20 21 12 . ext - greenwood tree - day 19 the snow - cover bough of the greenwood tree glisten in the cold sunlight . int - mellstock church - day 20 the choir be up on they gallery , sing and play with gusto this Christmas morning . Dick look over the gallery at where he can see Fancy Day in she pew , look beautiful and far more sophisticated than the other country woman around she . next to Susan be a lovely young mellstock woman by the name of anne roebuck and she look up at Dick with obvious love and desire . Susan notice this like she notice most thing . she nudge she mother and they both look over at where Farmer shiner , in he best clothes , be look at Fancy with something approach fascination . maybold seem full of life and vigour this Christmas morning , beam down at Fancy from the pulpit . int - mellstock church - day 21 later . parson maybold be into he Christmas sermon , animated , articulate . up in the gallery some of we out - late carol singer yawn but Fancy watch the parson with great interest . maybold at the end of one year and the beginning of the next , we must ask ourselves how we can best serve God in the month ahead . for the world be change and we must change with it . how can we best serve we Lord in this brave new World ? through we child . Susan slap charley 's hand away from he nose where he be explore he nostril . ( continued ) 21 22 13 . continued : 21 maybold ( cont 'd ) Education , education . give they the intellectual arrow so that they can go forth from this village and make God 's mark on the great World . to this end I have appoint miss Fancy Day as the new schoolmistress . all head swivel to look at Fancy , who nod a welcome to they all . shiner smile a enormous smile and Susan and Mary giggle . up in the gallery Dick look down on Fancy like a love - sick cow . this be see by reuben and it trouble he . Anne follow Dick 's gaze and frown when she see where it land . maybold ( cont 'd ) miss Day 's talent will not only be utilise in the classroom , however . to we enormous good fortune and to the glory of God miss Day have agree to play the new harmonium which be to be install in the church . for that up in the gallery who be actually listen there be ripple of unease . penny harmonium ? we do not need no harmonium , we have get a choir . spink what do it mean , reuben ? reuben say nothing but look worried . maybold have no idea how seismic he word have just be for the choir . maybold let we pray . ext - mellstock church - day 22 the villager make they way out of the church and head homeward , maybold wait outside with a word or a handshake as Fancy stand nearby . ( continued ) 22 14 . continued : 22 Dick stand on he own , just stare over at Fancy . reuben be the centre of a huddle of troubled choir member . spink at least we know what be in the box , reuben . penny it happen at flintcombe ash , it happen at longpuddle . a wheeze contraption of noise replace the choir that have be there for a hundred year and more . spink he do look at miss Day ina warmer way than Christianity ask for . reuben let 's not get agitate , my sonny . I be sure when the parson know how we feel he ’1ll think differently . penny tell he now , reuben . reuben tis not the place . i’1ll ask he and miss Day to we party tonight , that should do it . Anne and Susan walk by Dick , Anne flash she eye at he but he be transfix by Fancy . maybold walk over to Fancy , all smile . maybold how do you enjoy the sermon , miss Day ? fancy very much , Mr maybold . there be one small thing . maybold look surprised at this . fancy ( cont 'd ) I have assume the congregation know of the harmonium . ( continued ) 22 continued : 15 . ( 2 ) 22 maybold no , no . it be my little Christmas present to they . fancy I would hate to be see as the person who come newly to the village and throw out the choir . maybold think nothing of it , miss Day . the man will be delighted to put down they fiddle and join they wife and child in the pews . Dick and reuben be approach , both look nervous . maybold ( cont 'd ) be not that so , Mr dewey ? you have no objection to the arrival of a fine harmonium and miss Day 's play of it ? reuben well , sir ... the thing be ... not to mince up a man 's word and all - maybold of course you do not , you a man of music and all . I be sure miss Day 's play will make we know throughout the county . fancy ( hurriedly ) when I have properly learn to play it , sir . dick ( blurt out ) Party . they all look at Dick . maybold Excuse I ? dick Party . Dick look at Fancy who be amused by this handsome , tongue - tie young man stand in front of she . ( continued ) 22 23 24 16 . continued : ( 3 ) 22 reuben what he 's try to say , sir , be that you and miss Day would be most welcome at we small Christmas celebration tonight . indeed , it would be we honour . maybold ( not keen ) well , I ... fancy ( to Dick ) thank you , mr...? Dick just look at she . reuben Dick dewey be he name , miss . fancy I shall very much look forward to it , Mr dewey . maybold ( lying ) as will I , Mr dewey , thank you . ext - geoffrey day' cottage / yalbury wood - day 23 a small , isolate cottage in the middle of a great , dark wood . int - geoffrey day 's cottage - day 24 geoffrey day be a small , prematurely - wizen man and Fancy be help he into a chair by the fire as he cough . his body may be frail but he eye be bright and intelligent . the wall of the house be cover in antler and stuff animal head . his small dog fuss around he . fancy what be you think of , father , out in the cold like that ? geoffrey I be a country man , Fancy , it 's in my blood . ( continued ) 17 . 24 continued : 24 fancy wait until you be well again . geoffrey we both know that will never be . fancy ( scold ) please do not talk like that . Fancy sit down in another chair , frown . geoffrey tell I about the party . fancy Mr dewey kindly ask I to he house for some dance tonight . geoffrey ( unimpress ) dewey ? the tranter ? you should wait for a better offer to make you first social appearance . fancy a better offer ? geoffrey mellstock may only be a small place , Fancy , and it 's not what I wish for you -— fancy I be quite content . geoffrey ( snappy ) how can you be ? you a educate woman , ready to spread you wing , stick in a village school to be near you ail father . geoffrey have a cough fit , he lung weak . geoffrey ( cont ’d ) there be man of mean even in a place like this . Mr shiner , for instance - fancy I believe Mr shiner be go to the party . ( continued ) 24 25 26 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 geoffrey ( delighted ) why do not you say so , girl ? Mr shiner be a man of considerable affluence . you should be get back , get ready . fancy ( change subject ) I have bring you you Christmas present . Fancy reach in she bag but geoffrey be not interested . geoffrey the only present I want from you be to see you marry and marry well . this will be my last Christmas - fancy ( shock ) Father ! geoffrey but I will not go before I see you embrace you destiny , Fancy Day . I promise you mother that on she last day on this earth . fancy you make I sound like some exotic butterfly . geoffrey that 's exactly what you be . marry well , my child , and let you father die a content man . out on Fancy , she father 's word make a deep impression on she . ext - mellstock / dewey house - night 25 it 's a dark , cold night under a starry sky but the dewey house be light up with light and music and laughter as dance figure flit across the window . int - mellstock / dewey house - night 26 most of the choir be play they instrument around the cider barrel , but this time play dance music . ( continued ) 26 19 . continued : 26 Susan be dance with the delighted leaf . shiner be dance with the perspire Mary , throw she around with gusto . Fancy be on she own , enjoy the spectacle , when a nervous Dick come over to she . dick miss Day . fancy Mr dewey . dick I wonder if ... well , in a manner of speak ... I wonder if ... perhaps later ... if ... perhaps ... fancy I have very much like to dance , Mr dewey . Fancy put out she hand and a delighted Dick take they . they start to dance . Anne watch Dick and Fancy dance with a disappointed face . Dick be a fine dancer , it give he confidence . fancy ( cont 'd ) you foot be a little more articulate than you tongue , Mr dewey . dick I like to dance , miss Day , tis true . Fancy smile at this , know he be flirt . fancy it be unfortunate this morning in church . I have no intention of come here and cause trouble . dick I be sure we all know that . fancy ( plirt ) so you will still speak to I after the choir be go ? ( continued ) a % 26 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 26 dick I shall certainly consider it . Fancy laugh , like this young man . parson maybold sip a drink that offend he taste bud almost as much as see Fancy dance with Dick offend he sensibility . reuben sidle up to maybold , articulate with drink . reuben a word , please , Mr maybold . maybold yes , Mr dewey ? some of the choir nudge each other as they play , nodd over to where reuben be about to state they case . reuben there have be a misunderstanding , sir . about the choir and the ... thing you be about to replace it with . maybold the harmonium . reuben you seem to think we in the choir do not mind be throw out of the church , sir . maybold you be not be excommunicate , reuben , but joyously make way for progress and the Lord 's work . reuben begging you pardon , sir , but we do mind . we mind very much . if , perhaps , you could bring yourself to - maybold Change can be painful , I do not deny it . but it be what I have decide and let that be a end to it . the piece of music come to a end and assort exhaust dancer head for the cider . ( continued ) 26 21 . continued : ( 3 ) 26 dick ( try to be sophisticated ) May I get you some refreshment , miss Day ? some cordial , perhaps ? fancy what be you have ? dick a drop of father 's best cider . fancy then I will have the same . please at she spirit , Dick hurry off to fill two glass . maybold appear at she side . maybold a long way from the bright light of Exeter , miss Day . maybold lower he voice conspiratorially . maybold ( cont 'd ) they be simple people but kind and generous . still , we have put in a appearance , which be the main thing . shall I accompany you home , miss Day ? the choir strike up they instrument again in a jaunty melody and couple pair up for another dance . Fancy be tear between live up to maybold 's sense of she social position or stay and enjoy herself . shiner blunder up , face red and cheery . shiner tis my dance I believe , miss Day . maybold I be just about to escort miss Day home . shiner nonsense , the night be but young . you get off , maybold , I 'il escort the lady home . Dick arrive with two glass of cider , alarmed at this development . ( continued ) 26 27 22 . continued : ( 4 ) 26 dick I would be happy to walk miss Day home . shiner I say I would do it , young dewey , and I shall . ( to Fancy ) come , miss Day , and try not to step on my foot . Fancy let shiner take she into the dance with a apologetic smile at the disappointed maybold . maybold move off to be replace by Anne who take one of the glass from Dick and glug it down . anne waste not want not . Dick watch Fancy dance with another man and he do not like it . ext - mellstock —- night 27 the village be quiet late on Christmas night , muffle with snow . Farmer shiner walk Fancy home , they footstep scrunching up the main street . shiner the farm next door to ours come up for sale and I buy it . everybody say I be mad to do it but I borrow every last penny I could and I buy it . and two year later I buy the farm on t’other side . they do not call I mad any more . leastway , not to my face . Fancy laugh at this , enjoy the older man 's confidence and solidity . fancy you be obviously very good at business . shiner I be . if there be a man between casterbridge and melchester who can better I in business I have yet to meet he . ( more ) ( continued ) 27 28 30 31 continued : 23 . 27 shiner ( cont 'd ) it 's fill my every waking and sleep hour , miss Day . they have reach the schoolhouse . fancy thank you for walk I home , Mr shiner . shiner I have everything a man could want . a big house . the best food and wine , more money than I can shake a stick at . but there 's a price you pay for fill you day with business . fancy what be that , Mr shiner ? shiner ( awkward ) a lack of wife . companionship . Children . some laughter in a big old , empty house . Fancy be touch by he honesty . shiner ( cont 'd ) ( snap out of it ) go in before you catch cold , miss Day , and forgive my rambling . fancy good night , Mr shiner . int - mellstock / schoolhouse / bedroom - night 28 from a upstairs window parson maybold look out on this parting , watch intently as shiner kiss Fancy 's hand before stride off towards he own house . ext - greenwood tree - day 30 the tree be down to it 's bare bone , black and leafless , the branch scratch in the winter wind . int - mellstock / parsonage - day 31 a metronome tick . ( continued ) 31 24 . continued : 31 maybold watch as Fancy play the harmonium . she make a few mistake but she have a fine , instinctive , emotional way of play . but it 's not a style that please maybold . maybold no , no , no . miss Day , follow the music as write . maybold bring up a chair and sit very close to Fancy . fancy i’1l never be good enough to play in church . maybold nonsense . you merely need more discipline and less emotion . you have to feel the structure of the music . maybold start to play . maybold ( cont 'd ) one and two and one and two ... he play very well but in a purely technical way . maybold ( cont 'd ) put you hand on mine , miss Day . Fancy hesitates , it 's a intimate thing to do . maybold ( cont 'd ) feel the structure , the beautiful structure . Fancy put she hand over maybold 's and indeed feel he rhythm in she hand and arm . she laugh at the sensation . maybold ( cont 'd ) ( enjoy himself ) bellissima ! musica bellissima ! bravo ! signorina giorno . Fancy continue to laugh , slightly awed by this handsome man speak italian to she . maybold ( cont 'd ) I have be starve of good company , miss Day . you be a oasis in the desert . ( continued ) 25 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 fancy thank you , Mr maybold . maybold have you ever travel , miss Day ? fancy not yet but I shall . maybold I hope one day you get the chance . I have only dip my toe in the water myself but I have visit France - fancy ( really impressed ) you have be to France ? maybold I have be to France . est -ce que vous savez jouer d'un instrument de musique ? fancy oui . je jou 1’harmonium maybold laugh with delight at this and Fancy be delighted to be actually converse in a foreign language . 32 ext - countryside - day 32 Dick drive he empty wagon along a remote lane , the grey English channel fall away to one side . 33 ext - geoffrey day' cottage / yalbury wood - day 33 Dick tie up he horse outside the small , isolate cottage in the dark wood . a scruffy dog come roaring out of the house , snarling and bark . Dick simply bend down and make a fuss of the dog who roll over . Fancy come out of the house , pleased to see he . fancy Dick , you find it . I may call you , Dick ? ( continued ) 33 34 26 . continued : 33 dick ( please ) I suppose you may . Fancy notice that the dog be wag away next to Dick . fancy how funny , he only really like father . come in and have something to eat , you must be freeze . Dick be very pleased with this warm welcome from Fancy , follow she into the house . int - geoffrey day 's cottage - day 34 Dick follow Fancy down a corridor . fancy there 's not much furniture , really . just a few bit and piece that use to belong to my mother . Fancy enter a room , follow by Dick . fancy ( cont 'd ) you know my father , geoffrey Day . geoffrey welcome , Mr dewey , you will forgive I if I do not get up . but Dick be stare at the familiar figure of Farmer shiner who be tucking into a plate of roast lamb . shiner ( cheery ) Mr dewey , as I live and breathe . dick Mr shiner . fancy sit down , Dick , and I ’1ll get you a plate . geoffrey superb piece of lamb , Mr shiner . tis kind of you to share it with we . shiner one sheep less , Mr Day , tis of no consequence to I . ( continued ) 34 35 27 . continued : 34 fancy Father 's right . you be very kind , Mr shiner . shiner ( please ) nonsense . Fancy pile up food on Dick 's plate , smile at he . geoffrey give the boy some wine , Fancy . Fancy pour Dick a glass of red wine which he look at suspiciously . geoffrey ( cont 'd ) from France . Care of Mr shiner . shiner a rather fetching drop of bordeaux , though I say so myself . Dick take a slug of the wine as if it be cider and it make he cough . this amuse the other man hugely . Fancy feel for Dick , pour he a glass of water . geoffrey best stick to you father 's cider , eh , Dick ? out on Fancy , feel sorry for Dick . ext - countryside - day 35 the cart be load with Fancy 's furniture and rattles back towards mellstock , the winter wind whipping off of the sea . Fancy feel she owe Dick some sort of explanation for she father 's demeanour . fancy you must forgive he if my father be a little over - enthusiastic about Mr shiner . dick it 's he own house , he can like who he like . ( continued ) 35 36 28 . continued : 35 fancy my father use to be a game - keeper on the Duke of yalbury 's estate . he fall in love with a niece of he employer and marry she . dick you mother ? Fancy nod . fancy she be cut off without a penny or a kind word . she die two year later and my father always blame himself for drag she down . he have make it he life 's work to see I marry well . this be a subject close to Dick 's heart and he want to know she opinion ofon it . dick and what be you thought on Mr shiner ? fancy they be private , be what they be . Fancy shiver . Dick reach back and grab a blanket from the back , wrap it around Fancy 's shoulder . fancy ( cont 'd ) thank you . they body inch together on the seat for warmth and they shudder off towards home . int - mellstock / fancy 's house - day 36 Dick and Fancy be manoeuve a vanity chest into the schoolhouse . dick I wish you have let I call father to help we . you 'il think I do not know how to treat a lady . fancy oh hush , Dick . besides , we be nearly do . ( more ) ( continued ) 36 29 . continued : 36 fancy ( cont 'd ) you bring in the last piece and I will fill a basin to wash the soot off we hand . Dick stride out of the schoolhouse and Fancy move to the range where a kettle sit on a hot plate . she pour hot water into a basin and then add cold , before roll up she sleeve . dick all do , miss Day . fancy I suppose you should call I Fancy now , as we be friend . dick ( plirt ) be that what we be ? fancy wash you hand , Dick . dick you first , Fancy . fancy but you be dirtier than I . dick but you be a lady . Fancy put she hand into the water and clean herself as Dick watch , fascinate . fancy but now all the hot water be use up , Dick . dick cold will do . fancy if you do not object you could use the same water as I . dick not at all . and to save time I will not wait ' till you have do , if you have no objection ? Dick 's hand join Fancy 's in the basin . ( continued ) 30 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 they slip and slide together , both of they excited by the physical sensation engender . fancy I hardly know which be my own hand and which be yours . ( fluster ) towel ! towel ! whoever think of a towel until they hand be wet ? dick nobody . fancy nobody . Dick hold Fancy 's hand and they eye meet . then Fancy break away , suddenly brisk . fancy ( cont 'd ) where be that towel ? dick wait , Fancy , I believe you have a smut of dust on you forehead . fancy I do ? Fancy look for the mirror . dick let I , tis soon do . fancy ( fluster ) well , I - dick hold still . Dick dip a corner of a towel into the water . he gently wipe away a imaginary smut of dirt . then suddenly kiss Fancy on the lip make she leap backwards in surprise . fancy Dick dewey ! dick ( sparkle ) be there anything further I can do for you ? ( continued ) 36 37 38 31 . continued : ( 3 ) 36 fancy certainly not ! Dick beam a lusty smile at she . dick I 'il see you very soon , miss Fancy Day . Dick stride off out of the house , very pleased with this development . out on Fancy , touch she lip where he steal a kiss , heart thumping . end of part two part three ext - greenwood tree - day 37 it be spring and the greenwood tree be the brilliant green of new growth , the grass beneath its bough scattered with wild daffodil . CUT to : int - mellstock / schoolhouse - day 38 Fancy be teach in the schoolhouse . she have transformed it , cover the wall in drawing and map , bring in flower and tadpole from the outside world . we see the dewey child there , charley , Jim and bessey . the child be all sort of age and shape and size , but they enjoy Fancy 's teach , shoot they arm up when she ask a question . fancy they say Venice be the most beautiful city in the world , with wondrous painting and square and church . piazza San Marco ; the rialto ; tintoretto ; veronese . and not a single cart or street to be see . who can tell I why ? parson maybold watch all this from the doorway , watch she energy and spirit , like what he see . 39 40 32 . int - mellstock / shiner 's house - day 39 shiner be in he dress room , struggle with a tie . he be in he very best clothes , truss up like a chicken , tummy push against the shiny button of he waistcoat . his dog watch he . he look at he clumsy finger , which be tremble with nerve . shiner ( to Dog ) I be a stupid old fool , tristian , shaking like a leaf at my age , but the prize be great . he present himself to the dog . shiner ( cont 'd ) how do I look ? the dog bark . ext - countryside - day 40 reuben and Dick be clatter homeward , another job do . Dick look excited and this worry he father . reuben I be not a man for give advice but if I be , my advice would be to forget miss Fancy Day and get on with you life . dick why would I forget the woman I love ? reuben squirm at this , it 's not what he want to hear . reuben Love - you barely know the girl . be there a understanding between you ? dick not yet , but there will be . reuben she 's destine for great thing than you , my son . ( continued ) 33 . 40 continued : 40 dick we will see . reuben do not like Dick 's certainty one bit . reuben any way , she will be marry to shiner before the summer be out . Dick be disturb to hear this . dick who tell you that ? reuben shiner have set he hat on have she and what Mr shiner want Mr shiner get . dick Fancy would never marry for money . reuben do not be a child , son . miss Day will do what she have to do , tis the way of the world . dick you do not know she . reuben ( frustrate ) what would you have , a educate woman like that live as a tranter 's wife in we crowded cottage , kid and dog run around she leg ? tis not thinkable , Dick . Dick know there be some truth in this and he do not like to contemplate it . Anne be work the field - sleeve roll up , hand cover in mud - with some other woman from the village and she flash Dick the most dazzle smile as they pass by . reuben ( cont ’d ) that 's the woman for you , Dick dewey . I hope you have the sense to see it afore she find another . 41 34 . ext - mellstock / schoolhouse / garden - day 41 Fancy be snipping at some primrose , far more delicate and sedate than Anne 's work . she look up as Farmer shiner come up the path , take he hat off . fancy Mr shiner . shiner miss Day . there be a awkward beat between they . shiner ( cont 'd ) Lovely morning , be it not ? fancy it be , yes , very lovely . another awkward beat . fancy ( cont 'd ) be you go for a walk ? shiner I do not believe in aimless walk , do not see the point in it . ( hurriedly ) not that I have stop you , for I would not . you 'il come and go as you please , you will not find I a harsh man in that respect . fancy I be not sure I understand , Mr shiner . shiner I have come here to ask for you hand in marriage , miss Day . course I will speak to you father but he give I to understand that - fancy ( astonish ) Marriage ? shiner I know I be maybe not the catch you dream of in you girlish day . ( more ) ( continued ) 41 42 continued : 35 . 41 shiner ( cont 'd ) I will be a devote and loving husband and I will share everything I have with you . you and you father will never want for anything again , you will be the most important woman in the area . Fancy just stare at he , can hardly take it all in . shiner be it . with that path . leave a shiner ( cont 'd ) what say you , Fancy ? fancy Mr shiner , I ... you have take I by surprise , sir . shiner anything you want and it shall be yours . just say you will be my wife . fancy well , I ... Mr shiner , I be flatter and - shiner I see that my overture be a shock to you , miss Day , and I 'il not force you for a answer straight away . just give I you word that you will think my offer over and I will be go . fancy ( fluster ) I give you my word . delighted with this , take she hand and kiss shiner i’1l make you happier than a woman have ever be , just give I the chance . good day , miss Day . shiner turn and walk back down the garden surprised and flustered Fancy Day behind he . ext - mellstock / schoolhouse - day 42 a agitate Dick knock on the door of the school house . no answer . ( continued ) 42 43 44 continued : he peer in through the glass . dick miss Day ? int - mellstock / schoolhouse / bedroom - day Fancy have she back to the wall next to the window . 36 . 42 43 she can hear Dick call and knock but be reluctantly hide from he . int - mellstock / fancy 's house - night 44 Susan and Fancy be laugh and giggle as they sit in they chair and mend Fancy 's dress . fancy stop it , Susan . it 's not a laugh matter . susan just imagine ! you the mistress of mellstock . fancy I have not say '' yes '' , only that I will consider he proposal . susan he will shower you with rich . silk dress from London . perfume from Paris . diamond and emerald and ruby by the cart load . fancy stop it now . Susan stop but Fancy like what she be say , all the same . fancy ( cont 'd ) be he a good man ? susan I believe he be , yes . hard when he want to be , for sure , but you do not get to do what he have do without break a few egg . but they say he be kind beneath the gruffness . ( continued ) 44 45 37 . continued : 44 fancy ( ponder ) he 's older than one would wish for . susan if you do not want he , miss , put in a good word for I . the two woman laugh . fancy ( off hand ) how 's Dick , Susan ? I have not see he in a age . susan ( point ) that 's because you avoid he , miss . Fancy know she have be rumble . fancy I think he may have exaggerated my affection for he . susan he 's a little lovelorn I would say , since he hear about Mr shiner . ( cheery ) still , father hope he and Anne roebuck will be marry before the year be out . fancy really ? susan ( teasing ) but will you , miss , that 's the question ? ext - mellstock / village GREEN - day 45 it be May Day and a may pole dominate the village green , Dick dance around it with Anne and other young people from the village , the girl wear white with flower in they hair . the choir be sing and play and drink , in they element . ( continued ) 45 38 . continued : 45 Fancy stand on she own , try to look haughty and above it all , but she toe be tapping to the music . a very happy geoffrey Day be sit in the shade , enjoy the music , as reuben bring he a drink . reuben I hear Mr shiner have propose , then ? geoffrey he have . just wait for the girl to say yes . reuben she will say yes , you think ? geoffrey she 's like she mother , need to squeeze the last bit of drama out of a thing . ( confident ) but that church bell will be ringing out by harvest time , you mark my word . reuben ( relieved ) I be very glad to hear that , geoffrey . Fancy look once more at the dancer on the may pole and Dick 's eye catch hers . he walk towards she which make Fancy 's heart flutter . dick you be avoid I , Fancy . fancy hardly , Mr dewey . reuben look over , see they in conversation and it trouble he . Dick hear the formal use of he surname and it hurt he . dick back to Mr dewey ? ( brave ) if you have something to say to I I would rather you say it to my face . ( continued ) 45 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 45 fancy ( awkward ) I have nothing to say to you . dick ( Gentle , lowering he voice ) Fancy . I have miss you . fancy ( blush ) please do not talk to I in such a way . if I give you hope then I apologise . dick I want no apology for a kiss . I want you honesty . if I - then Farmer shiner arrive at Fancy 's side , make she immediately tense . shiner miss Day . fancy Mr shiner . would you mind leave we alone for a moment , Mr dewey ? Dick be hurt by this but try to keep he dignity . dick not at all , miss Day . Dick bow and walk back towards Anne and the other villager . shiner I wonder if you have have time to think about my offer . fancy I have think about it , of course . shiner no hurry , lass . none at all . I do not want you do anything against you will , but ... I never be very good at wait . fancy you be very kind , sir . ( continued ) 45 46 40 . continued : ( 3 ) 45 shiner ( excite ) I have such a picture of the two of we in my house ! laughter and music . and maybe , if God smile on we , the pitter patter of little shiner . fancy ( alarm ) I 'il let you know as soon as my mind be make up . shiner bow and leave Fancy alone . Fancy look over at where someone trip on the may pole , send they sprawling into a tangle of limb and laughter , Anne fall on top of Dick and be in no hurry to disengage herself . ext - river - day 46 later . a grumble of thunder . a troubled Fancy lean against a tree , watch the river sweep by . dick so you be to marry Farmer shiner ? Fancy turn at the sound of he voice . dick ( cont 'd ) he 's too good a man to be keep dangle from you finger , miss Day . fancy how dare you speak to I like that ? of what business be it of yours ? dick I think it might have be . once . fancy I fear you may have misconstrue a innocent friendship , Mr dewey . ( continued ) 46 49 41 . continued : 46 dick I have not read the book you have read but I know twas more than friendship and so do you . Fancy be rattle by Dick 's correct instinct . fancy I hear that you yourself will be marry before the year be out . actually I do not '' hear '' , I see it with my own eye . you get over a break heart very quickly , Mr dewey , if that 's indeed what it be . dick not true , miss Day . tis break and will remain so until the day you fix it . fancy you will be wait until hell freeze over , then . it start to rain , sudden and heavy . dick let we take shelter , miss Day . Dick take she hand and run into the deep green wood . ext -— wood - day 49 Fancy and Dick have they back to the trunk of a great oak . the rain be relentless , drip from the leave and bough . Fancy and Dick be in a cocoon of leaf and water and the noise of the wood . again , Fancy shiver . Dick take off he jacket , start to put it over she shoulder . fancy thank you . they face be suddenly close . ( continued ) 49 50 42 . continued : 49 before they know it they be kissing , a kiss of real desire , surprising they both . it be Fancy who break off the kiss first , surprised and confuse . dick ( tender ) I know you feel the same , Fancy , I know it . I taste it on you lip the first time I kiss you . it 's true and it break Fancy 's heart . fancy take I home , please . dick say you will be mine , Fancy . fancy ( distraught ) you know I cannot . Fancy push a tear away , run through the wood back towards the village . we get the impression that someone be watch the lover from inside the wood . int - mellstock / parsonage - day 50 Fancy be lose in emotion , excited , confuse , upset . the emotion be replicate in she play of the harmonium , beautiful and yearn . maybold come in from outside , listen for a moment in the doorway , mesmerise by Fancy 's play . for the first time , it seem , he see how lovely she be , how sweet she music . she see he be there and break off . fancy Mr maybold . the door be open and - maybold you play beautifully , miss Day . I will have the harmonium move to the church within the fortnight . Fancy nod and for the first time maybold notice that she have be cry . ( continued ) 43 . 50 continued : 50 maybold ( cont 'd ) miss Day , you be distress . maybold fuss over Fancy , genuinely care for she , lend she he handkerchief . maybold ( cont 'd ) what have happen ? fancy have you hear any talk of I ? maybold talk ? fancy my name mix up with another 's ? a man , I mean . maybold be take aback and very disappointed by this . maybold no , I hear no such thing . fancy a man have ask I to marry he and ... I be confuse , I do not know what to do . maybold ( deeply disappointed ) I see . do you love this man ? fancy there be all sort of love , be there not ? the passionate sort that have no future . or the sort that start with like and get deeper with time , perhaps . maybold gather himself , put he personal disappointment behind he . maybold you will do the right thing . I only hope he be worthy of you . Fancy smile at maybold through she tear , appreciate he respect for she , be more confuse than ever . 51 int - mellstock / shiner 's house - night 44 , 51 shiner sit on he chaise longue , deep in think , a glass of bordeaux in he hand as the grandfather clock measure out he lonely life . there be a knock at the door and a maid usher in Fancy and leave , close the door behind she . Fancy look nervous . shiner miss Day . fancy I be sorry for come unannounced but I have to see you . shiner please , sit down . can I get you - fancy I have consider you offer of marriage , Mr shiner , and I be afraid that - shiner know what be come and put he hand up to interrupt she . shiner say nothing more . fancy but I must . in all honesty I should have be more truthful from the start and not let you - shiner let I say one thing , Fancy . I be a fool , I know , and not verse in the way of love . fancy no , I - shiner if you think my offer crude and material I would be mortify , for it be not what I feel . fancy not at all , I - ( continued ) 51 52 continued : 45 . 51 shiner the truth be I start out want a pretty face and a ready laugh to fill this echoing place , I ’1l1 not deny it . but the more I have get to know you the more I feel a emotion I have never feel for a woman before . there be no other word for it , Fancy , it be love . Fancy be take aback by he emotional honesty and maturity . Fancy can fancy ( doubly confuse ) Mr shiner - shiner I 'il give you more time , Fancy . fancy no , I - shiner let you put this declaration of my love into the consideration , that 's all I ask . surely , a man 's life be worth a few more week 's contemplation ? ( point ) I know you father would be nearly as disappointed as I if you answer be rush . feel herself be emotionally bully by shiner but feel helpless to stop it . shiner ( cont 'd ) if by the end of the summer you answer be still '' no '' I will take it like a man and never ask you again , I give you my word . Fancy hesitates , unhappy . shiner ( cont 'd ) tis all I ask , Fancy . please , give I this . int - mellstock / dewey house - day 52 it 's Sunday morning and the choir - Dick ; reuben ; bowman ; penny ; leaf ; spink ; mail et al - be gather together in the dewey house . ( continued ) 52 46 . continued : 52 but even this most cheeriest of place have a gloom over it this morning . penny tis come to this then , be it ? reuben miss Fancy Day and she fancy harmonium will usurp we any day soon , tis what I have hear . dick through no fault of she own . reuben nobody say it twas , Dick . spink I know it 's not a Christian thing to say but I cannot abide that parson and he new way . reuben maybe but there tis . there 's nothing to be do . spink ( point ) maybe there be , maybe there be not . reuben ( suspicious ) what mean you by that , elias spink ? penny maybe a small drop might help the bad news slide down , reuben ? reuben tis a Sunday morning , Robert . leaf ( blurt ) I have do see they . all eye turn to Thomas leaf , who be giggle to himself . reuben who do you see , leaf ? leaf they . kiss and such . in the wood . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) 52 the choir smell some gossipy sport , perk up enormously . but Dick stiffen , suddenly worried . penny who do you see , Thomas ? leaf til she do run away from he , eye squirtin’ tear like a fountain . dick you keep it to yourself , Thomas , tis no - one 's business . penny you know he head can not abide a secret , Dick , twill tangle he up inside . reuben out with it , Thomas . dick ( threaten ) I be tell you , Thomas leaf , you keep it to yourself . leaf ( blurt ) twas Dick ! kiss Fancy Day in yalbury wood . Dick be furious , make a grab for the astonished leaf . there be a inglorious scuffle , various member of the choir try to stop Dick get at leaf . mary what be go on here ? the voice of authority ring out and the man stop scuffling . reuben a mere difference of opinion , my love . Dick walk straight out of the room , slamm the front door . reuben ( cont ’d ) tap the cider , Mr penny , sabbath or no . 53 54 48. ext - mellstock - day 53 the choir walk down the main street towards the church . they have they instrument in they hand and they be try to walk with dignity but they keep slew across the road , obviously drunk . int - mellstock church - day 54 the choir be struggle to stay awake during the sermon , some of they slump forward over they instrument , most of they snore . Dick sit aloof from they , straight - back and fume . maybold drone on from the pulpit . Fancy Day sit in she pew , very conscious that shiner be want to catch she eye and smile at she . maybold ( from titus , King James Bible ) '' but speak thou the thing which become sound doctrine : that the age man be sober , grave , temperate , sound in faith , in charity , in patience . the age woman likewise , that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness , not false accuser , not give to much wine , teacher of good thing ; that they may teach the young woman to be sober , to love they husband , to love they child '' - penny fall forward , inadvertently let he bow slur over the string of he fiddle . at this noise William dewey sit bolt upright and attack he fiddle with gusto , play the lewd song from the May Day celebration . the other member of the choir likewise strike up they instrument and sing the lusty lyric . there be much giggle amongst the young member of the congregation but maybold be absolutely furious , speechless . Fancy feel acutely for he . ( continued ) 54 55 49 . continued : 54 dick ( appall ) what be you do ? stop ! reuben be the first to realise the enormous error of they way . reuben stop , my boy , stop ! one by one the choir slur to a confuse halt . ext - mellstock church - day 55 parson maybold , with a face like thunder , glare over at reuben and the other member of the choir as he shake hand with he congregation . reuben how do the old say go , my sonny ? something about valour and discretion , I do believe . the choir walk quickly away . Dick have be wait for Fancy , intercept she . dick Fancy . Fancy be very flustered , do not know what to say . fancy I cannot tarry , I be afraid , I have school work to prepare . dick there 's something I must tell you . we be see . fancy who be see ? Anne approach they , very upset and tearful . anne tis true then , be it , Dick dewey ? you lead a girl on when all the time you be make love to miss fancy Fancy Day in yalbury wood . Fancy be absolutely mortify that this news be public , whiten , turn to escape . ( continued ) 50 . 55 continued : 55 anne ( cont 'd ) you can have he . he 's not worth it . Fancy hurry away from the scene , humiliate . dick ( after she , agitate ) Fancy ! fancy ( angry ) leave I alone . 56 int - geoffrey day 's cottage - day 56 a furious geoffrey Day be confront Fancy . geoffrey have you any idea what people be say about you ? fancy I do not care about idle gossip . geoffrey well , you should do care ! behave like some milk may trollop . fancy ( shock ) Father ! geoffrey you will get a reputation and no respectable man will ever look at you . fancy it be nothing , it - geoffrey what would you mother say if she be here ? all we precious hope for you - fancy you exaggerate , it be nothing . geoffrey nothing ? you kiss a man in public and say twas nothing ? ( continued ) 56 57 continued : 51 . 56 fancy just a little flirt , no more . geoffrey appear to calm a little . geoffrey maybe you reputation be not quite ruin . this word from she father hit Fancy hard . fancy ruine ? geoffrey of course you will never see the boy again . fancy we live in the same village , I teach he brother and sister , I - geoffrey you know what I mean , Fancy . Drop he and do it quickly before you life be undone . fancy ( subdued ) yes , father . geoffrey you give I you word on you mother 's grave ? fancy yes , father . end of part three ext - greenwood tree - day 57 the branch sway in the breeze . Dick dewey lean against the trunk of the tree , wait for someone . there be the sound of footstep crunching through the wood and then Fancy Day appear , she face barely visible under hat and cloak . ( continued ) 52 . 57 continued : 57 as ever , Dick be strike by she beauty . dick Fancy . do we have to meet like this , like we have do something wrong ? fancy we have do something wrong . leastway , I have . I should not have ... do what I do . dick kiss I ? fancy it give you hope and that be wrong of I . dick look into my eye , Fancy Day , and tell I it be wrong . fancy I have not come here to argue . you will find someone more attune to you way of life . dick ( spark ) attune ? some village girl , you mean ? fancy I have a duty to my father , to my education . there be thing I want to do , place I want to go , I - dick do they with I . fancy you know I cannot . dick ( stung ) I have prospect . one day the business will be mine and - fancy please , do not make this any harder than it have to be . some thing be not mean to be and we must accept that , it 's what have be deal we . ( continued ) 57 58 53 . continued : ( 2 ) 57 dick never . I will never accept it . the noise of a animal 's bark deep in the wood startles the jittery Fancy . dick ( cont 'd ) tis only a fox . fancy ( upset ) I wish you every happiness , Dick . please never speak to I on this subject again . and with that Fancy Day be go , merge quickly into the dense wood . ext - mellstock / dewey house - day 58 Dick be take out he bad mood on a pile of log , smash they with he axe . reuben come out , see the shattered wood and he son 's Manic energy . reuben what do that tree ever do to you , Dick dewey ? Dick look up and see he father stand there . dick I have be think , father , about the business . how long have we be tranter in this village ? reuben well , there 's I of course . and father , God bless he . and he father afore he . and - dick a hundred year and more . and the business be the same size as it be when it be start . reuben aye , tis a steady sort of work . ( continued ) 58 59 60 54 . continued : 58 dick I do not want steady , I want more . maybe we could buy out another tranter , or open another business in budmouth or casterbridge . reuben ( Troubled ) we know nothing of casterbridge . dick we can learn . we could build a new house - reuben ( shock ) we have a house . dick not some draughty old cottage full of kid and animal . a proper house , with garden and stable and servant . reuben look at Dick as if he be from another universe and be upset by this notion of change . reuben I be bear in this house and I nil die in it , too . I want no more than I have get . dick that 's where we be different , father . I want a lot more . out on reuben , hurt for himself and troubled for he son . int - mellstock / schoolhouse - day 59 Fancy be teach in the little schoolhouse . she hear the sound of a cart drive by outside , look out of the window in time to see Dick rattle by , he face set and determine . ext - wood - day 60 geoffrey Day be walk in the wood . he be not a well man but wheeze he way through the undergrowth , he dog run ahead of he . ( continued ) 60 61 62 55 . continued : 60 geoffrey come on , boy , this way . geoffrey take another step and suddenly a man-trap - a ghastly mechanism of metal tooth and lever - crush shut on he leg . geoffrey howl out in agony but be nowhere near strong enough to release the jaw of the trap . his dog worry around he , whimper and afraid . ext -— wood - day 61 Dick drive he horse hard through the wood , reckless speed a good indication of he mood . geoffrey 's dog appear suddenly in the middle of the track and Dick have to slow he cart to avoid run it over . dick ( irritate ) stupid dog . you could have kill we both . the dog bark at Dick , agitate . Dick get down from the cart , feel something be up . then he see the blood on the dog 's coat . ext - wood - day 62 the dog bound through the wood follow by Dick . the dog lead Dick to the distraught figure of geoffrey Day , almost pass - out through pain , the metal jaw cut into he bone . Dick attempt to pull the jaw apart but even he strength be no match for the mantrap . Dick search in the wood , find what he be look for : a sturdy branch . geoffrey hurry , Dick . he wedge it into the jaw despite renew howl of pain from geoffrey . ( continued ) 56 . 62 continued : 62 use all he strength Dick use the branch as a lever until , finally , the jaw snap open and release geoffrey 's leg . 63 ext - mellstock - day 63 Dick drive he cart fast through the middle of mellstock , almost knock over shiner . shiner what the hell do you think you be do , Dick dewey ? dick Mr Day get catch in a mantrap . shiner look into the back of Dick 's cart where geoffrey be pass out , he dog next to he . shiner get he straight to my house , Dick , I 'il send for a doctor . shiner clamber up onto the cart . 64 int - mellstock / schoolhouse - day 64 Fancy be read at the front of the schoolhouse as she pupil concentrate on a task . Dick dewey crash in to the schoolhouse , all eye on he . fancy ( shock ) Mr dewey . some of the naughtier child make kissing noise . fancy ( cont 'd ) ( to class ) be quiet ! dick you must come , miss Day . you father be hurt . 65 int - mellstock / shiner 's house - day 65 geoffrey lie in a large bed in fresh linen , propped up with pillow . ( continued ) 57 . 65 continued : 65 Fancy be at he side , shiner stand behind she . fancy what be you do there in the first place ? geoffrey just a walk , for old time 's sake . they have move the mantrap . shiner the doctor say tis a nasty wound but a clean one . you be welcome here as long as you like , geoffrey , I hope that go without say . fancy ( very touch ) thank you , Mr shiner , you be most kind . shiner just glad to be of help , miss Day . shiner nod to she and leave the room . fancy after you be well you shall come and stay with I , father , where I can keep a eye on you . geoffrey be not he a fine man ? without he help I be not sure I have be here talk to you now . Fancy look up at this , intrigue . fancy he save you from the trap ? geoffrey ( lying ) he 's a modest man , he ’1ll be affront if you mention it . just show you gratitude in you behaviour towards he . out on Fancy , already think differently on shiner . 66 58. ext - mellstock - day 66 penny be sit outside he cobbler 's shop , tapping nail into the heel of a shoe . he look up as he hear the sound of man struggle out of the parsonage with the harmonium and wrestle it up onto a hand cart . maybold be fussing around but not actually do any of the physical work . other member of the choir in the street at the time - mail , bowman - look over with dismay at the sight . Fancy stand in front of the schoolhouse , excited but also conscious of the hurt the harmonium be bring to some . maybold see she , wave : maybold Sunday be it , miss Day ! you will fill that old place with new music . Fancy smile back at maybold , like he enthusiasm . Fancy become aware that she be associate with the harmonium and there be glare and disappointed face in she direction . Anne empty a bucket of dirty water into the gutter with point gusto . Dick be walk by in he best clothes . dick miss Day . fancy Mr dewey . you look very smart . Dick look at he clothes as if he have not realise . dick how be you father ? fancy Mr shiner have be most kind , I do not know what would have happen to father without he . Dick expect some form of thanks for he part in she father 's rescue but be too polite to mention it . ( continued ) 66 continued : 59 . 66 dick I be off to budmouth to rustle up some new business . no peace for a ambitious man . fancy indeed . dick so Sunday be to be you come out on the harmonium , be it ? fancy it be . I trust the ill- will towards Mr maybold and he plan to better the church have recede ? dick the turkey will not cheer tis Christmas , if that 's what you mean . I hope it go well , I be only sorry I will not be there . Fancy have no right to be put - out but this do not stop she : with that fancy you will not be in Church ? dick I have to see a man out at longpuddle on new business , tis the only day he can do . fancy ( lower she voice ) I think you care for I just a little . dick you know I do . fancy I think you be my friend . dick more than a friend , I have hope . fancy ( hurt ) then I shall go into the lion 's de on my own . good day to you , Mr dewey . Fancy flounce back towards the schoolhouse . 67 68 69 60 . ext - mellstock - day 67 the church bell peal through the morning as the villager of mellstock make they way to church . int - mellstock / schoolhouse / bedroom - day 68 Fancy be be buttone into a lovely silk dress by Susan , who be attempt to cheer Fancy up . susan you look beautiful . fancy not too indecorous for church ? susan you do this old place a power of good , miss . fancy I do not think everyone would agree with you . susan Mr shiner would . ( know ) and Mr maybold , I suspect . fancy ( shock ) Susan ! the thing you say . susan tis true ! I have watch he eye follow you , full of puppy love . fancy stop it . I will not have Mr maybold 's name take in vain . susan the adoration of miss Fancy Day . Fancy laugh despite herself , secretly pleased that she have make another conquest . ext - countryside - day 69 Dick drive he cart up over the moor . 70 71 61 . int - mellstock church - day 70 the gallery be desert , just a few stick of break furniture and a mouse . Fancy play the harmonium . she play it beautifully . we see reuben , William , leaf , penny and the other member of the choir scattered around the congregation , next to wife and family . this be indeed a bleak day , the end of a era . parson maybold beam at Fancy from he pulpit , very proud of she , proud of he church . Farmer shiner beam too , try to catch Fancy 's eye , deeply in love with she . geoffrey glance sideways at shiner , see the man 's sparkling eye . so all be go to plan . Susan see it all , take it all in . ext —- farm - day 71 Dick be in the yard of a large , prosperous farm and be talk to a large , prosperous man . farmer I have work with the same tranter for nigh on twenty year . dick I 'il not knock another man 's work , sir , tis not what I be about . if he say what he 's go to do on time , with good grace and a fine price —- farmer he have be a bit over - busy this last year or so . I have have to wait a few time for ‘ee to come free . dick there 's no wait with dewey and Son , sir , and that 's a promise . the farmer look at Dick , tempt . farmer come all this way on a Sunday just to try for a bit of custom ? ( continued ) 71 72 62 . continued : 71 dick I do , sir . farmer I like a man with a bit of ambition about he . the farmer put he arm around Dick and lead he towards the farm house . farmer ( cont ’d ) a man can not talk business on empty stomach . int - mellstock / dewey house - day 72 reuben put he instrument away in a old trunk with a air of finality , devastate . Mary watch he from the doorway , very sad for he . mary there 'il be other occasion , reuben . reuben not in the church . tis what it be truly mean for . reuben close the trunk . reuben ( cont 'd ) be you happy , Mary ? Mary be completely dumbfounded by this remark . mary what sort of question be that , reuben dewey ? reuben I have never be a ambitious man , I know that . Mary go to he , put she arm around he . mary you be all the man I have ever want . ( point ) he 's a young man in love , he say thing he do not mean . 73 74 75 63. ext - countryside - day 73 rain sweep over the expose moorland landscape . Dick put he shoulder to the wheel of the cart , which be stick in thick mud . ext - mellstock - day 74 rain fall over the village , the street desert . int - mellstock / fancy 's house - day 75 rain smear down the window . Fancy sit on a chair as parson maybold swirl around she , full of the morning 's happening . she can not help but smile at he antic and flattery . maybold what can I say ? beautiful . captivate . fancy you flatter I , sir . maybold I have sit in St Paul 's cathedral itself , with the sun seeping through the stain - glass and a wonderful choir in full voice but I have never hear such music as play by you today in we humble dorset church . Fancy colour at this . fancy now I know you be teasing I , Mr maybold . maybold ( over-excite ) you bewitch I , miss Day . fancy ( serious ) do I , Mr maybold ? they eye catch for a moment and hold each other there . a beat . ( continued ) 75 64 . continued : 75 maybold be about to say something but there be a loud , confident knock at the door . fancy ( cont 'd ) ( fluster ) Excuse I , sir . Fancy hurry out to the front door and open it . shiner be stand there , the rain fall on he . fancy ( cont 'd ) Mr shiner . shiner you play a tasty melody , Fancy , and no mistake . fancy thank you . I - shiner May I come in ? tis a damp day out here . Fancy remember she manners , open the door and close it behind he . shiner ( cont 'd ) ( serious ) I know I say I would not press you , Fancy , but see you play this morning I - shiner break off . stand in the doorway be parson maybold . shiner ( cont 'd ) Mr maybold , I do not see you there . maybold Mr shiner . I just come to congratulate miss Day on she performance . shiner as do I . a awkward pause . fancy tea ? 76 77 78 65 . int - mellstock / schoolhouse / fancy 's room - day 76 a clock tick . Fancy sit and sip she tea , as do parson maybold and Farmer shiner . the silence be excruciate . ext - mellstock / schoolhouse - day 77 a weary Dick be drive home in the rain , soak and muddy . he consciously drive by the schoolhouse then change he mind , stop the horse . int - mellstock / schoolhouse / fancy 's room - day 78 still the clock tick and still Fancy , maybold and shiner sit in polite silence . a gentle knock at the front door mean Fancy have the excuse to leap up and escape the atmosphere : fancy Excuse I . Fancy hurry out of the room to the front door and open it onto a bedraggle Dick . despite everything she be instinctively delighted to see he . fancy ( cont 'd ) Dick ! dick I just wonder how you play go . I be think of you all morning . fancy ( please ) it go well , Dick , thank you . dick I get we some new business . Big farmer out over longpuddle way . fancy that 's excellent . ( continued ) 78 66 . continued : 78 dick there 's no limit to what can be achieve for a ambitious man . fancy ( slightly flirt ) and be you that ambitious man , Dick ? dick I believe I be . though it take meeting you to make I see it . a beat . Dick expect to be invite in but Fancy be not budging , very conscious of she guest in the other room . dick ( cont 'd ) it 's a wet day and no mistake . suddenly Fancy realise the social dilemma she be in . fancy forgive I , look at you stand there ! go home and change you thing this minute . Dick be start to get suspicious of she behaviour . dick it would be easier to come in out of the rain , Fancy . Dick make a move towards the door and Fancy block he . fancy you can not . dick you be entertaining ? fancy Mr maybold and Mr shiner be take tea with I . dick I see . tea sound very pleasant . fancy you can not come in look like that , Dick , what will they think ? ( continued ) 67 . 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 dick tis water and mud , I be sure they have see both . fancy go home and get yourself dry . Fancy be about to close the door but Dick stop she , to she immense surprise . fancy ( cont 'd ) what be you do , Dick dewey ! maybold ( from inside ) everything alright , miss Day ? fancy yes , thank you , Mr maybold . just ... I will be there shortly . dick just the tranter 's son , all cover in muck and not fit to set before a parson and a rich man . fancy ( hiss ) do not you dare make a scene here . Dick step back from the schoolhouse . dick I would not dream of do such a thing , miss Day . for a while I be blind by you beauty but I see you now for what you be . fancy and what , pray , be that ? dick I have marry the lowliest may in the county if I love she . nor money , nor learn , nor the opinion of other would force I from loving she . fancy ( uncomfortable ) Dick , I - ( continued ) 78 79 80 81 82 68 . continued : ( 3 ) 78 dick ( with finality ) good bye , miss Day , I hope you find what you be look for . with that Dick tip he hat at she , turn , and walk back to he cart in the rain . out on Fancy , shocked to she core at what Dick have say to she . end of part four part five ext - greenwood tree - day 79 it 's summer and the tree be thick with green leave as sunshine pour down from a blue sky . Bird song . the drine of fat , lazy bee . int - mellstock / shiner 's house - day 80 Farmer shiner stride through he house , he dog pad after he . there be servant and workmen put up new wallpaper , curtain , clean window , polish hundred of glass etc . shiner hurry up , here ! tis for this summer not next . ext - mellstock / shiner 's house - day 81 shiner stride out into the lawn of he house . gardener be clipping and pruning . shiner survey it all with some satisfaction , take a deep breath . int - mellstock / parsonage - day 82 a open letter address to maybold , its red wax seal break , sit in the centre of the mantelpiece . ( continued ) 82 83 69 . continued : 82 maybold pace around the room , excited , sometimes look over at the letter , sometimes just make little squeak of joy . int - mellstock / fancy 's house - day 83 Susan and Fancy be in they underwear , look at the dress in Fancy 's wardrobe . Fancy be try to put on a brave face but it 's hard for she . susan it 's beautiful , miss . fancy wear it . susan I ? the very think . fancy why should not you wear it ? susan pearl before swine , that 's what they 'il say . fancy nonsense . put it on , Susan . a excited Susan wriggle into the gown . susan think of the dress you will be able to afford next year , miss . Fancy hold up two dress , undecided . fancy whatever do you mean ? susan tis all over the village that Mr shiner will ask you to be he wife tonight and that you will say yes . fancy ( give nothing away ) and do the village know which dress I should wear ? 84 85 70 . int - mellstock / shiner 's house - evening 84 the house look magnificent on a summer 's evening , candle illuminate the expensive furniture and lavish upholstery . the great and the good of mellstock society be there , take champagne from servant . parson maybold arrive , wave he greeting over at where a nervous shiner wait . shiner 's face burst into a grateful smile when Fancy Day arrive in he house . all eye be on they , everyone expect some sort of announcement tonight . shiner you come , miss Day . fancy of course I do , Mr shiner . a nod from shiner and a small group of classical musician start to play . ext - mellstock / shiner 's house - evening 85 there be a strange , new - fangle piece of agricultural machinery in one of shiner 's field next to the house and village child and adult be stand around it in awe . Dick be play skittles with Anne and some of the other . he look up at the house as he hear the genteel noise of the musician drift on the summer breeze . Susan be show she dress off to she mother and covetous little sister . reuben look over at the machine with dismay as he talk to spink and penny . penny tis a thing of curious beauty . blow if I know what it do . spink ( lower voice ) some of the young member have be talk of not go quite so quietly , reuben . ( continued ) 85 86 71 . continued : 85 reuben give spink all he attention at this . reuben tis not for we to decide which way it go . i’1l not have it say that mellstock choir stand in the way of progress . Dick be irritate by the sound of genteel music and dance come from the great house . dick Father ! it 's a party be it not ? reuben I believe that be the general idea , son . dick then we will have dance and music of we own . let 's strike up a tune , neighbour . Dick 's energy be infectious and the villager of mellstock tune instrument and make a space for dance . Dick walk up to Anne roebuck and offer he hand . dick ( cont 'd ) May I have this dance , Anne ? Anne be very suspicious but still love this man . anne all I get be a hand , be it ? dick a hand and a dance . tis all I have to give . anne ( point ) for now . Anne take he hand and reuben and the choir strike up a dance melody . int - mellstock / shiner 's house - evening 86 couple be dance to the polite classical music . shiner approach Fancy . ( continued ) 86 87 72 . continued : 86 shiner May I have the honour of this dance , miss Day ? fancy the honour be all mine , Mr shiner . shiner take she hand and they start to dance . have there ever be a happier , prouder man ? people make space for the couple , all eye on they . geoffrey Day watch with immense satisfaction . maybold watch from a distance , can not keep he eye off Fancy 's beauty . as they dance by the window Fancy can see Dick dance in the garden with Anne in a lustier dance of they own . despite everything , it irk she . ext - mellstock / shiner 's house - evening 87 Dick be glugging down a glass of cider as other villager dance and play . fancy you 'il get hiccup , Mr dewey . Dick be startle to see Fancy Day stand there . dick miss Day . fancy a lovely evening . dick so I hear someone say . Anne and some of the other village girl scowl over at Fancy . Fancy be conscious that she 's not the all - popular woman who first arrive in the village and it trouble she . fancy so we all not even be friend ? dick we could have be a lot more if you would have the courage . ( continued ) 87 88 73. continued : 87 fancy ( sad ) life be more complex than that , ala . dick not from where I stand . fancy ( slight dig ) no , not from where you stand . I must be get back to the dance . dick he 's a very lucky man , miss Day . Fancy be disconcert by Dick . dick ( cont 'd ) good evening , miss Day . fancy ( with finality ) good bye , Dick . with that Fancy turn and walk back towards the house . leave a rather sad Dick dewey behind as reuben and the other play on . ext - mellstock / shiner 's house - evening 88 Fancy be approach the house , the shadow dance across the candle - light window , the classical music now louder than the mellstock boy 's music , when she burst into tear . Susan be walk towards she , be immediately concerned . susan miss Day ? whatever be it ? Susan put give Fancy she handkerchief . fancy I be such a miserable woman . susan come to the kitchen , miss , and we will clean you up . fancy no , there 's something I have to do . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 89 74 . continued : 88 fancy ( cont 'd ) ( gather herself ) something I should have do a long time ago . int - mellstock / shiner 's house / library - night 89 Fancy be alone in the relative quiet of the library , walk around , inspect the beautiful fabric , aware of the expense . she move to a window , see Dick dance with Anne and other village girl . the door open and shiner come in . shiner Fancy . Susan dewey say you want to see I . fancy you ask I some time ago if I would be you wife , Mr shiner . shiner ( excite ) say the word , Fancy , and you 's 1ll make I the happiest man on this God 's earth . fancy I can not be you wife , sir . deep down I always know it and should have tell you so a long time ago . shiner be devastate , it 's not what he expect . shiner be it something I have say or do ? because if it be - fancy you have be nothing but kindness and patience , sir . shiner then why ? I know I be not the youngest man but - fancy because I love another . shiner be take aback by this . ( continued ) 89 90 75 . continued : 89 shiner May I ask who this gentleman be ? fancy this gentleman and I can never marry for the difference in we position make it impossible - shiner tell I who he be . fancy but I believe I know what love be , Mr shiner , and what I feel for you be not it . forgive I . Fancy hurry out of the room before she burst into tear again . ext - mellstock / shiner 's house - evening 90 Dick be put he jacket back on even though the choir be still play and villager be still dance . Anne sidle up to he with a sultry smile . anne not go already , Dick ? dick I have a early start . anne I have never know Dick dewey be the first one to leave a dance . dick people change . anne I do not change , Dick . I love you as I have ever love you . dick ( uncomfortable ) do not say such thing , Anne . anne I 'il be wait for you when you get over she . dick that will never be . ( Gentle ) ( more ) ( continued ) 90 91 continued : dick ( cont 'd ) you will find someone who deserve you , Anne . int - mellstock / shiner 's house - evening Fancy be sit alone watch the dance when parson 76 . 90 91 maybold sit down next to she , still barely hide he excitement . maybold I trust you be enjoy yourself , miss Day ? fancy very much , thank you . a beat as the dancer move by they . maybold I receive a most exciting communication today . most exciting . ( lower voice ) can you keep a secret , miss Day ? shiner come into the room , drink a glass of wine . he see Fancy talk to maybold , notice the intimacy between they . maybold ( cont 'd ) I have be ask to become the parson for the british consul in Venice . fancy ( excite ) in Venice ?! maybold can you believe it ? I have hear of the position and have ask some friend to put my name forward but I never in my wildest dream imagine I would be choose . fancy congratulation , Mr maybold , you will be much miss . maybold I very much doubt that . ( continued ) 91 92 93 77 . continued : 91 fancy from mellstock to Venice . how I envy you . shiner downs he drink , take another from a pass servant , continue look over at where maybold and Fancy be huddle conspiratorially together . int - mellstock / fancy 's house - night 92 Fancy be in she night dress , wash she hand and arm in she basin . she be dreamy , mile away . she look down and see Dick 's wet hand and forearm entwine with hers . the memory shock she , make she step back . and when she look again the basin be empty . int - mellstock / parsonage - night 93 parson maybold be happily go about he ablution , sing loudly in italian . there be a loud knock at he door . surprise by the lateness of the hour , maybold open the front door . shiner be stand there , have obviously be drink . maybold ( surprise ) Mr shiner . do you realise what time it be ? shiner you be a fool , maybold . maybold ( appall ) I beg you pardon ? shiner a even bigger fool than I , if that can be imagine . maybold you be drunk , sir . and you a churchwarden . ( continued ) 93 94 continued : 78 . 93 shiner she love you . maybold who love I ? shiner miss Fancy Day . maybold miss Day ? shiner she love you but believe you be above she station . treat she well , sir , or you will have I to answer to . with that Farmer shiner slur off down the street . leave a astonished maybold frame in the front door of the parsonage . int - mellstock / schoolhouse - day 94 Susan and Fancy be make jam on a blaze summer 's day , hand red with damson . there be child all over the kitchen '' help '' they , eat and laugh . susan you father be recover well , I hear . fancy yes , thank you . I hope he will be back in he own house soon . susan it do not bear think about what would have happen if Dick have not come along . fancy Dick ? susan when you father be all gobble up by that dreadful man-trap . fancy it be not Dick . I believe it be Mr shiner who find my father . ( continued ) 94 95 79 . continued : 94 susan Mr shiner tell they to put you father in he house but twas Dick who wrestle he out of the trap . this be news to Fancy and it trouble she . fancy Dick never say anything to I about it . susan he 's a modest man , miss , it 's not in he character . fancy ( appall ) but he must think I know and have not acknowledge my gratitude to he . susan I suppose he must . out on Fancy , very upset by this . ext - mellstock / shiner 's house - day 95 geoffrey Day be sit out on shiner 's impeccable lawn , drink lemonade on a hot day . maybold be pace around , nervous . maybold like everybody I assume that miss Day and Mr shiner would ... but they have not ... geoffrey she 's a fool and no mistake . maybold well , yes . but maybe not . if she love another from a distance and think she have no chance of he hand due to social chasm not of she make . do I make myself clear , Mr Day ? geoffrey not completely , sir . ( continued ) 95 96 80 . continued : 95 maybold how easy it would have be for she to say yes , to live here forever in material splendour , not a worry in the world . geoffrey Day look around the splendid estate wistfully . maybold ( cont 'd ) but she show loyalty to a love that she think could never be , even if it leave she eking out a live in a village school for the rest of she life . this be all very depress for geoffrey . maybold ( cont 'd ) I have come , sir , to reward she for she courage . with you permission I will reach down and lift she up into a world of beauty and learn . geoffrey look at maybold with complete bewilderment . maybold ( cont 'd ) I want you daughter for my wife , sir . for a moment geoffrey be stunne . then a large smile spread across he face . ext - countryside - day 96 Fancy walk through the thick grass down by the river . a dark green river slip by , a image of cool in a hot , hot afternoon . she come across Dick 's discard shirt , pick it up . then she see he . on the far side of the river , up to he waist in water , he naked torso glisten with sweat as he harvest nut from the hardest - to- reach bush . Fancy just watch he for a moment , watch he easy grace and confidence . then she walk towards he . fancy it 's just too bad of you , Dick dewey . ( continued ) 96 81 . continued : 96 Dick turn at the sound of she voice . he be amaze to see she here , conscious that he be half naked beneath she gaze . dick miss Day . my shirt , please . fancy to let I go on think Mr shiner have save my father when I now know it be you . dick it 's of no importance . if I may have my - Dick wade towards she to get he shirt but Fancy playfully skip out of he reach . fancy it be of enormous importance and could have have enormous repercussion . dick my shirt , miss Day . fancy do you know what I say no to Mr shiner 's offer of marriage ? dick I hear something say . fancy what do you think about that , Mr dewey ? dick I have no opinion of my better , miss . be you go to give I my shirt , miss Day ? fancy I have not decide yet . a beat . then Dick lurch towards Fancy who scream and attempt to evade he grasp but only end up slip on the wet stone and crash into the river . dick Fancy ! ( continued ) 96 97 98 82 . continued : ( 2 ) 96 the current catch the startle Fancy and swing she downstream . Dick crash after she through the water and lift she up , carry she to the bank . as he lie she down , she wet hair frame she lovely face , Dick dewey can pretend no more : dick ( cont 'd ) you ask I what I think ? this be what I think . Dick kiss Fancy passionately on the mouth . for a moment she startle arm be spreadeagled on the grass but slowly they find he back , feel he muscle beneath she finger as they kiss . Fancy 's shoe bob off downstream , unnotice . end of part five part six ext - wood - day 97 the top of the green tree sway and murmur in the summer breeze . int - geoffrey day 's cottage - day 98 geoffrey Day be back in he own little home now but still not a strong man and at this precise moment he be a very angry man . geoffrey Dick dewey ! Dick dewey . ( incredulous ) marry Dick dewey ? fancy ( point ) the man who save you life , yes . geoffrey never ! it will never happen . fancy how could you let I go on not know it be Dick who pull you out of that trap ? ( continued ) 98 continued : 83 . 98 geoffrey why do you think I lie to you ? fancy so I would marry Mr shiner and you would live in luxury for the rest of you day . geoffrey ( shock ) you think so little of I ? Fancy tremble with anger but know she have go too far . geoffrey ( cont ’d ) I do it because I love you , Fancy , more than any father love a daughter . fancy then why do you not let I be happy ? geoffrey happy marry to Dick dewey ? in a damp house , baby hang from you breast , back break with labour , you husband work from dawn till dusk just to put a crust on the table ? this word picture do not sit well with Fancy . fancy ( angry ) you exaggerate . geoffrey do I ? you would hate it , you know you would . and in time you would hate the man who marry you and put you there . fancy you underestimate I , father . geoffrey you have the opportunity to do great thing , to go to place that aman like Dick dewey can only dream about . fancy I have decline Mr shiner 's offer . ( continued ) 98 99 continued : 84 . ( 2 ) 98 geoffrey ( point ) there will be other offer . fancy but I love Dick . geoffrey ( scath ) Love ? I have see love suck the life out of a woman until she die in my arm . it will not happen to you . a silence as Fancy breathes all this in , calming herself . fancy so you will not give I permission to marry Dick dewey ? geoffrey I cannot , Fancy . and one day you will thank I for it . ext -— wood - day 99 Fancy and Dick meet deep in the dark , green wood , both of they agitate . fancy he 's my father and he love I , I can not go against he will . dick then what be we to do ? fancy i’1l talk he around , just give I time . Dick smack he fist against the trunk of a tree in frustration . fancy ( cont 'd ) ( offhand ) if only you have be a teacher , even , so that we be at least on the same level . dick I be not good enough for you , be that what you be say ? ( continued ) 85 . 99 continued : 99 fancy no , no ! it 's not what I think , it 's what the world think . dick then damn the world ! fancy ( depress ) if only we could . Dick touch she cheek , see how confuse she be . dick be brave , my love . we will overcome even this . Fancy be dubious , but manage a weak smile . 100 int - mellstock / schoolhouse - day 100 Fancy be stand at the front of class teach she village child . there be picture of Egypt and Greece fancy who have travel the furthest here ? some hand go up . fancy ( cont 'd ) yes , charley ? charley I once go to the far side of casterbridge , miss . fancy do you , charley ? fancy ( cont 'd ) any one further than that ? there be no hand raise , much to Fancy 's disappointment . then a boy put he hand up . fancy ( cont 'd ) yes , Gabriel ? ( continued ) 100 86 . continued : 100 gabriel my dad once go to bristol , miss . Fancy 's heart sink . then she become aware that parson maybold have bounce into the room . maybold stand up , child , when I enter the room . the child stand with much scraping of chair . maybold ( cont 'd ) now off home with you , I want to speak to miss Day . the child look at each other . fancy we have not finish we lesson , Mr maybold . maybold ( to Children ) shooo ! off home with you this instant . maybold clap he hand and the nervous child clatter out of the classroom , finally leave it to Fancy and maybold . fancy what can be so important , sir , that it could not wait another hour ? maybold my heart be overflow , miss Day , my mind a chaos of imagery and excitement . I simply have to talk to you . fancy then talk , Mr maybold . maybold I be a modern man , miss Day . I believe in progress . even social progress , to a extent , if a man love a woman . do I make myself clear ? ( continued ) 100 87 . continued : ( 2 ) 100 fancy no . maybold you have enough in you for any society after a few month travel with I . Fancy be start to realise what he be get at . fancy Mr maybold - maybold we will marry in a month , Fancy . mere week after that we will be strolling in St Mark 's Square , arm in arm as the sun dip down . from Venice we will travel the world . fancy you be ask I to be you wife ? maybold of course . do not I say ? fancy I thank you , but - maybold put he hand up for silence . maybold I know what you be go to say for I have hear it from another . you love I but feel inadequate . fancy well , no . now it be maybold 's turn to be puzzle . maybold but you will be my wife , Fancy ? fancy I be sorry , no , I cannot . maybold just look at she , astonished and hurt by this turn of event . maybold I offer you the world and you answer be no ? Fancy nod , deeply unhappy . ( continued ) 100 101 102 103 88 . continued : ( 3 ) 100 maybold 's pride have be hurt and he want to escape now . maybold ( cont 'd ) good day to you , miss Day . ext - mellstock church - night 101 the tower of the church be silhouett against the starry sky . int - mellstock church - night 102 the church be dark but there be some giggle from male voice , a curse and more giggle as someone bang into a pew . a lamp flicker on to reveal Thomas leaf , spink and some of the young man in the choir . spink here tis , my boy . the lamp illuminate the new harmonium . spink ( cont 'd ) let 's see how it fair with a dollop of tranter 's finest in its gut . they pour a flagon of cider into the machine , giggle as they do so , obviously drunk . int - mellstock church - day 103 it 's Sunday and Fancy Day be play the harmonium beautifully , for a moment escape she complicated life through music . a rather shell - shocked maybold stand in the pulpit , mouth the word . shiner glance at she , know he will never have she . Dick watch he beloved with pride as she play . reuben notice first , he musician 's ear pick up the flat note . Fancy frown as the harmonium start to play increasingly off - key . ( continued ) 103 104 89 . continued : 103 charley and bessey giggle and maybold frown at they from the pulpit . maybold sssh ! the harmonium be start to slow and wheeze now and the harder Fancy play the more bizarre the noise emanate from it . leaf , bowman and some of the other exchange conspiratorial look which be notice by reuben . giggles have change to outright laughter now . it 's good - humoure laughter , really , but to the proud Fancy it sound like cruel mock . she look around the face of the choir as she play , see the open mouth of the villager laugh at she , see even Dick chuckle to himself . only maybold stand by she , a rock of support in the pulpit . she 's have enough . humiliate , Fancy get up from she stool and run from the church . ext - mellstock church - day 104 Fancy flee the church , upset , start to cry with anger and humiliation . Dick be the first out of the church , run after she . dick Fancy ! Fancy half - turn at this but only manage to tangle up she leg in she dress , send she sprawling in the mellstock dust . Dick be quickly beside she as maybold and the rest of the congregation pour out of the church to watch the going - on . dick ( cont 'd ) my darling ! be you hurt ? Dick lift the humiliate Fancy to she foot . the palm of she hand be bleed , she lovely face scratch and dusty . fancy I hate this place ! ( continued ) 104 105 90 . continued : 104 Dick go to dust she down but she push he hand away , look over at the congregation look at she . fancy ( cont 'd ) what be you look at ?! dick steady , Fancy , nothing be mean by it . fancy it 's a hateful , mean , gossipy little place and I want no more of it . Fancy start to hurry towards the safety of the schoolhouse . Dick hurry after she , concerned . dick Fancy . fancy leave I alone ! Fancy run to the schoolhouse , let herself in and slam the door shut . int - mellstock / schoolhouse - day 105 Fancy bolt the door . she get a look of herself in the mirror : hair unkempt , face dirty , hand bleed , dress rip . she sit down and cry she heart out . a beat . then there be a knock at she door . fancy I say go away , Dick ! maybold ( from outside ) it 's I . parson maybold . Fancy look up at this . fancy I want to be alone , Mr maybold . ( continued ) gl. 105 continued : 105 maybold ( gently insistent ) open the door , Fancy . please . Fancy be draw to the warmth in he voice , unbolt the door and let he in . maybold ( cont 'd ) I would simply like to apologise on behalf of my congregation for that shameful display , miss Day . you be the best thing to have happen to this village for a generation and this be how they treat you . fancy you have nothing to reproach yourself for , sir . maybold they be simple folk . like beast of the field they be fascinate when a peacock life amongst they . forgive they . Fancy nod , strangely flatter . maybold ( cont 'd ) miss Day . Fancy . it will ever be thus in this place , you a pearl before swine . maybold take she hand in he , passionate and articulate . maybold ( cont 'd ) let I take you away , my love , let I show you palace and king , ocean and cathedral . fancy ( taken aback ) Mr maybold , I - maybold even the most beautiful jewel need its rightful set . your be not mellstock , Fancy , and never will be . maybold stand , have say what he come to say . ( continued ) 105 106 107 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 105 maybold ( cont 'd ) I will not mention it again , save to say that you know where I live and one word from you will have we marry and away from here for ever . maybold kiss Fancy 's hand once last time , then head towards the door . leave a troubled , confuse Fancy Day behind . ext - greenwood tree - night 106 a wind blow through the greenwood tree , batter the lush branch , make they creak and whine and rustle . int - mellstock / schoolhouse / bedroom - night 107 Fancy toss and turn in she sleep , a branch bang against she window . CUT to : - the distort , mock face of the mellstock villager as they laugh at she . - Fancy 's hand entwine with another . she look up , expect to see Dick , but it 's maybold smile at she . - a image of herself outside the dewey house , weigh down with cry kid , hair lank , look out at we in misery . - Dick up to he waist in the river , he torso so naked as he pick nut . he turn to look at Fancy . he smile . such a smile . and put he hand out to Fancy , beckone she towards he . Fancy sit bolt upright . someone be throw stone at she window . she get out of bed and hurry to the window , open it . beneath she Dick be stand with the mellstock choir - reuben ; penny ; leaf ; spink ; bowman ; mail ; William - sing up to she window . choir ( sing ) one night as I lay on my bed I dream about a pretty may I be so oppress I could take no rest ( more ) ( continued ) 107 108 93 . continued : 107 choir ( cont 'd ) Love do torment I so so away to my true love I do go . my lover rise and she open the door and just like a angel she stand on the floor her eye shine bright like the star at night no diamond could shine so so in with my true love I do go . the sing be lovely and it move Fancy deeply . she look down into the sparkling eye of Dick dewey . a rumble of thunder above the village . int - mellstock / parsonage - night 108 parson maybold hurry downstairs in he night gown , a storm raging outside . the door be knock again . maybold alright , alright . maybold open the door and be amaze to see a soaking Fancy Day stand there . maybold ( cont 'd ) my dear , my own one . what be you do here ? fancy I have to speak to you . maybold ( excite ) you have think about my offer ? fancy I can not marry you , sir . a beat as maybold look at she . maybold you be nervous , it 's to be expect . in the morning we will - fancy I have no right to even consider it , Mr maybold , as I have already say yes to another . ( continued ) 108 109 94 . continued : 108 maybold be stunne by this news . maybold another ? who be this other man ? fancy the man I love , sir . maybold I have no chance against he ? fancy none . maybold ( very hurt ) I would have make you sing , Fancy Day . fancy you will find out the gentleman 's name soon enough , sir , and you could cause he great hurt by mention what have go on between we today . a beat as maybold look at she . maybold good night , miss Day . maybold shut the door on Fancy Day . ext - countryside - day 109 a beautiful summer 's day , the hay bale dot around the field under a hot sun . Dick be work in the field as be most of the villager at harvest time . he work with a scythe , he body slick with sweat . Susan be work next to she parent , Mary and reuben . Anne be there . bowman , mail , leaf , spink , penny be all there , chat and work and laugh . even geoffrey be there , determine to help despite he ill health . Dick take a swig of cider from a jug . mary reuben . ( continued ) 109 95 . continued : 109 reuben look up at where he wife be look , see the incongruous sight of Fancy Day walk across the stubble meadow towards they . one by one the villager be aware of Fancy walk through they , unbuttone she jacket as she walk . geoffrey ( shock ) what be you do here , Fancy ? fancy come to help , of course . geoffrey you hand be not make for work like this . fancy ( quiet ) when be you happiest ? geoffrey what have that to do with anything ? fancy we both know the answer . if mother be here she have want I to marry for love , father , like she marry you for love . geoffrey say nothing , recognise a calm determination in he daughter he have never see before . Dick stand , amaze , as she walk towards he . fancy ( cont 'd ) tis a hot day . Dick say nothing , just watch as she take the jug from he hand and glug down some cider herself . all the villager watch she , fascinate , as she roll she sleeve up in readiness for work . fancy ( cont 'd ) there be one thing I want to say to you , Dick dewey . dick what might that be ? fancy marry I . ( continued ) 109 110 111 112 96 . continued : ( 2 ) 109 Dick love the word but be still amaze to hear they speak of out here in public . with that Fancy put she arm around Dick and kiss he fully on the lip . Dick reciprocate and they enjoy a long kiss in front of the beam villager . Anne frown a bit but Susan pass she a cider jug . Mary 's eye water and reuben put he arm around she . reuben well , well , my sonny . ext - greenwood tree - day 110 the tree be brown and red and orange , the first leave drift off in the autumn breeze . ext - countryside - day 111 maybold be be drive away from mellstock , all he belonging in the back of the cart . the mellstock bell start a joyous wedding peal in the valley behind he . ext - mellstock / village GREEN - day 112 a new , beautifully - paint waggon wait next to the church , cover in ribbon and flower . the crisp , gold - etched write read dewey & son . Fancy and Dick be marry and dance on the village green . Susan dance with mail , a little sparkle between they . Anne dance with shiner , who whisper something saucy in she ear and make she laugh . reuben dance with Mary , both of they still very much in love . leaf dance with little bessey . geoffrey Day lean on the cider barrel as he drink and watch , resign to it all . the rest of the choir be bashing out a lusty tune . ( continued ) 112 97 . continued : 112 dick I wonder why parson maybold take off like that , straight after marrying we ? fancy he be impatient to find he place in the world , Dick . I be like that once . and she kiss he and the kiss go on for ever , until the dancer be dot on a village green and field and wood spread for mile . the end