under the Silver Lake by David Robert Mitchell version 7 6.29.2016 registration number : 1603341 int . village bakery - late morning the front window of the coffee shop be cover in black sharpie write . a sweaty , but very cute lesbian in a apron scrub a wet sponge over the write . it 's not go away . SAM , 33 , and try not to appear so , wipe sweat from he face and neck as he turn toward the bright sun . his hair be uncomb and he clothes do not match in the appropriate way . he stand in a long line , wait for coffee , behind beautiful hipster and a few old people - all in various stage of perspiration . " never my Love " by the Association play over the house speaker . no one sing along . Sam glance over at the front window , look at the backwards and invert text across the glass . poor penmanship , even for graffiti . it say : beware the dog killer the room be fill with chatter - potentially exciting but probably inane talk of movie , music , art and crime . it 's impossible for we to decipher under the music . Sam stare at one of the shop 's many attractive , tattooe bakery girl as she smile to another customer . he glance over and spy two other bakery girl in a private conversation near the espresso machine . chatter . chatter . chatter . chatter . chatter . chatter so many unknowable thing wrap in beauty . ext . los feliz boulevard - late morning Sam sip he coffee and walk casually down the sidewalk pass sad kitten in a pet shop window . a street fruit vendor watch Sam from behind he glass fruit case - oddly suspicious and grim . Sam stop and look up at a giant billboard across the street . on it , a beautiful young indian woman smile - stare outward through sparkling eye . a contact lens logo stretch below she face . the ad read : I can see clearly now Sam sigh and shake he head , move on . ext . rancho los feliz apartment - late morning Sam walk alone , carry he iced latte and LA weekly through the lush garden path of he modest apartment complex . we see he Pov as he step along a concrete trail surround by carefully manicure shrub , giant tree and a man-made stream which flow alongside the walkway . Sam pass a blue vested worker clean leave from the pond in a somnolent state . the man stare , as if in a heat -trance . turn a corner , Sam take a sip of coffee through the straw he hear a terrible rattle in the tree above he . Sam look up as the branch shake . SAM ah ! suddenly something with mass fall from the tree . thud ! a squirrel land hard across the concrete walkway - on all four paw - right before he . Sam step back , he breath leave he for a second . the momentary primal fear of see flesh impact with stone . the animal look at Sam then dart away into the bush . Sam smile for a second , feel stupid about display shock publicly , especially over a squirrel . look around , there be no obvious witness . but there be so many apartment ... so many window ... so many balcony . SAM ( laugh to himself ) be that squirrel even ok ? ext . apartment hallway - late morning Sam reach for he key as he step up to the door . there 's a note tape below he apartment number . he pull it down and read it covertly . it say : " you Rent be seriously overdue . you have 7 day to pay or be evicted . " ( continued ) continued : SAM ( under he breath ) fuck . fuck . fuck you . Sam crumple the paper in hand , fumble to unlock the door hitting it open , he bang he shoulder into the wood - the way some people punch wall . ext. sam' apartment balcony - late morning Sam sit on a patio chair smoking a cigarette and finish he latte . a pair of binocular hang from he neck . smoke drift through the slide screen door - a dim apartment within . the cartoon thermometer suction - cup to the glass read : 94 degree . this little patio enclave be hide by railing , low hang branch and thick shrubbery . it offer wonderful view of the surround apartment and the community pool below . Sam look at the cover of the LA weekly . it feature a studio photo of some local indie band . the headline read : East LA resurrected ... or never Dead ? who be Jesus and the bride of dracula ? accord to the pic , Jesus be a emaciate hipster . his bride be gorgeous but unique woman in 1920 's hand -stitch gowns . a unseen bird caw loudly . Sam lift and focus he binocular through the green foliage of the neighbor balcony . a beautiful middle - age woman walk topless along she third story patio . she feed she cage bird as she strut toa tinny - sounding jazz tune . Sam 's cell phone ring . peek through the binocular , he answer . SAM hi mom . mom hi honey . how be you ? the half - naked bird woman pet she parrot lovingly . Sam cradle he cell phone against he ear - watch . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) SAM I be ok . mom good. good . be you at work ? the bird woman scratch she ass - unaware that she 's be check out . SAM yeah . it 's kind of a busy day . Sam rub the stubble on he face - he eye be tired . mom ok . well I do not wanna keep you but I have not hear from you in a bit ... SAM I be fine , mom . mom ok . I be glad to hear that . SAM yeah thing be ... mom oh , I want to tell you ... seventh Heaven be play on tcm tonight . SAM Mom , I do not have cable . the topless woman walk inside - half visible through a shade window . mom oh shoot , that 's too bad . it 's a great Janet gaynor movie from 1927 . SAM she 's you favorite right ? Sam lower he binocular and take another drag . mom Janet gaynor ? yes , since I be a little girl . I have always admire she so talented and beautiful . Sam sigh stare out at the empty balcony and window . ( continued ) 4 continued : ( 3 ) SAM well I should get back to work . mom ok . I be give you a big hug over the phone . SAM thanks . I love you . the parrot caw again - something resembling word . mom I love you . have a good week . SAM bye . mom bye . Sam cough and drop he cigarette into a cloudy yellow evian bottle . reflection of music draw near ... common , but catchy indie-rock music approach ... grow louder and louder . a voice echoe through the surround courtyard . a tiny bell ring . sarah ( 0.s. ) coca -cola ! come on , you little soda pop . it 's swim time . Sam lean forward and look down through the tree . he see a young woman in a bikini , sarah , walk along the garden path - a portable sound system in hand . the music be louder and clearer now . it 's the latest hit song " tongue & teeth " by the indie-rock band Jesus and the bride of dracula . holding the gate open , Sarah wait as she little dog , coca - cola , follow she inside . a small bell on its collar ring and ding as it scamper along the hot concrete . Sarah 's face be half cover by a white and frilly Easter - style hat . color straw and soft pink ribbon . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) the white , toy-like bichon frise bark and run in circle around the woman 's leg . she smile and nod at the animal , find a place for herself in the sun near the pool . Sam look through he binocular at the girl as she remove she hat . Big stone eye . Light freckle cheek . White skin on a California body . she look like a mid-western monica vitti with a hint of Sharon tate . a sex that induce a almost guttural reaction in any man or woman within proximity . but the girl seem unaware of she power . sarah ( in a girlish voice ) coca -cola . I knowww . you liiiike the sun . gooooood boy . Sam watch she coddle the animal ... stretch she long body across a lounge chair in the sun . he lean closer , peeping over the rim of the balcony - a gentle grin form on he face . the song 's chorus repeat loudly from the portable speaker : you and I ... turn like tooth ... loving beneath ... the surface . a neighbor balcony door slide open with a bang - reverberate over the pool courtyard . Sam see the topless bird woman emerge from she apartment . a scowl on she face . topless bird woman can you please turn that down ?! Sarah nod , lean over and act like she 's turn the stereo down - twist she hand inch from the volume knob . the song remain at its irritate volume . Sarah look up towards the topless woman 's balcony and shrug she shoulder with a grin . ( continued ) continued : ( 5 ) sarah that 's as quiet as it get ! topless bird woman oh thanks a lot ! the topless bird woman shake she head , wave she hand in disgust and slam she slide patio door close . the bikini girl laugh and giggle as she stand , lift she toy dog into the air - bell rattling . the cage bird shout once more . some unrecognizable word . Sarah smile and bob she shoulder to the beat - stare into she dog 's eye . sarah you looooove this song do not you ?! as she sway , Sam aim he binocular at the young woman 's ass . bang ! bang ! bang ! someone pound on Sam 's front door Sarah hear it , turn she head and look straight into Sam 's viewfinder . Sam lower the binocular and scoot back from the balcony 's edge - out of view . mouth slightly agape , Sarah stare up through the over-growth , turn she head and squinting for another glimpse of the phantom face and lens . Sam crawl inside he apartment , stay low to the carpet . bang ! bang ! the mystery visitor continue to pound on Sam 's front door . from a stoop position on the floor , Sam pull the blind close . int . sam' apartment - moment later Sam open the front door ... stand in the hallway be a pockmark brunette in a german dirndl . the actress hold a bag of carry - out over she otherwise expose cleavage . the thirty -someth actress be pretty from the right angle - the physical trait of someone who 's have a brief bout with meth addiction . something be just a bit off . ( continued ) continued : SAM hey . actress hi. Sam make a puzzle face - try to figure out why the actress be wear a german servant - girl outfit . SAM good to see you . uh ... the actress point down at she dress . she stand awkwardly - body gangly - terrible posture . actress it 's for a role ... SAM ah ok . come on in . Sam let the young woman into he live room , close the door behind she . Old wallpaper cover the wall ... line with movie poster , pop culture paraphernalia , and 30 - something - male crap . we can still hear the rock song from outside . the girl spin around and face Sam with a overly excited grin . the imperfection on she skin be more visible against the sunlight . actress so ... weirdly , I have a audition around the corner ... and think you might wanna have lunch together . you like sushi , right ? the actress lift up a large bag of restaurant food . SAM yeah . wow . thank you . the actress lower she smile , sniff the air . actress what 's that smell ? SAM oh ... there 's a lotta skunk around here . in the wood by the golf course . Sam point toward the side of the building . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) SAM they be always spraying . not much you can do about it . actress eckkh . int . sam' bedroom - late morning Sam fuck the actress doggy - style on the bed . he slap she ass as hard as he can , keep a eye on the bedroom television . he 's watch the wimbledon final . a woman 's match between a Eastern european and some swedish model . hitting she stride , the actress grunt louder and with more force than the tennis queen on tv . a frame and sign poster of kurt cobain hang over Sam 's bed . it 's the famous black and white close up from he Rolling Stone cover . actress I love you poster . still grind she ass against Sam , the actress stare up at kurt cobain . SAM thanks . I actually see they in concert . believe it or not . I be one of the few . actress wow . be that sign ? SAM uh , recently , actually ... I know a girl who know he daughter . it 's she signature . actress that 's still really cool . Sam lean forward and grab the actress ' jaw in he hand , twist she face towards he . they kiss and make - out on the bed . connect like insect . suddenly , the tennis match be interrupt by a news break ... a stylish woman stand with she microphone below some enormous gated mansion in the hill of Los Angeles . the graphic chyron below she read : " billionaire mogul miss ! " ( continued ) 10 . 6 continued : Sam watch the television . botox reporter ( on tv ) report live from outside the Hollywood estate of billionaire mogul jefferson sevence ... we have confirmation that sevence have apparently go miss after a late night fishing trip off the coast of catalina Island . witnesses claim to have see he return to the main land , and he car , a 1935 deusenberg , have yet to be locate . the actress turn she head and look back at the tv , still take it from Sam . a picture of jefferson sevence appear on screen . he 's a older man , though handsome , and with still blond hair . the television cut to a shot of mrs . sevence , a thirty - something woman more than suitable for provide progeny and affection to a wealthy man . mrs . sevence ( on tv ) Jeff , I love you , you family love you ... stand behind the woman be the sevence 's five child , range in age between 8 and 24 . the oldest daughter , millicent sevence , stare ahead coldly - cover in piercing and giant yellow sunglass . the sevence kide choir ( on tv ) we love you dad . Mrs. sevence break down and begin to cry . her teenage son step forward , put he arm around she shoulder . his own face shake and contort as he weep . mrs . sevence ( on tv ) I know we be gonna see you again soon . I know you be alive . I feel it . we watch the tv and the fuck from the periphery of Sam 's room . porn , playboys , notebook , " Lady from shanghai " lobby card and bag of dorito litter Sam 's dresser ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) a 70 's oui magazine sit on he guitar amp - the cover model 's bush hide beneath a old can of spray paint . Red circle mark dot the cover like coaster under cup of cranberry juice . mrs . sevence ( on tv ) we be offer a 2 million dollar reward for any information that help we find my husband . I beg you for you help . please bring daddy home . the woman cover she face - weep uncontrollably . int . sam' bedroom - late morning Sam and the actress lay naked in bed next to each other , cool off . the neighbor 's parrot shout loudly . actress what be that ? the actress fan herself , blow cool air onto she chest and neck . she 's still in she german dirndl tight . SAM it 's the neighbor 's parrot . actress oh. actress what 's it say ? SAM I be not sure . they listen to the parrot as it continue to caw and shout . parrot ( 0.s. ) rrrottafendnnnddddd ! actress not a friend ? SAM maybe . it 's hard to say . the actress shrug as she grab a old 1970 's playboy from the stack of magazine next to the bed . she flip through it . ( continued ) 12 . 7 continued : the artsy cover show a naked woman float upside down through the bluest of water . SAM that 's my favorite issue . actress why this one ? SAM I find it in my dad 's tool drawer in the garage when I be really young . actress oh . do you steal it ? SAM yeah . the cover with the girl . that be the first thing I ever masturbate to . the actress laugh , spin the magazine around to examine the submerge playmate on the front cover . actress she 's pretty . SAM I know . actress the first thing I ever masturbate to be probably a rerun of Charles in charge . Sam chuckle . a big grin . the actress laugh along with he . SAM that 's awesome . actress yeah . the actress look over and see some papers , previously cover by the pornography . she grab the handwritten sheet and stare at the complicated line of text and number . actress what be this ? Sam grab the papers from she ... very embarrassed to share it . SAM oh do not look at that . ( continued ) 7 13 . continued : ( 2 ) actress what be it ? SAM eh - it 's nothing . actress ok . Sam stuff the papers underneath a old playboy from the 1980' . he stand and put on he underwear . rock music be hear . Sam peek outside through the cheap white blind . look for the source . he see Sarah walk away down the garden path with she dog - she stereo blast . a trail of wet footstep behind she the bird shout again . parrot ( 0.s. ) rrrobbefennntdmm ! actress rotterdam ? SAM I do not think so . Sam keep peeping through the blind , ignore the naked actress behind he . she do not notice or care as she reapplies she lipstick - use the video screen of she " iphone 4 " like a mirror compact . Sarah unlock she apartment door and go inside . Sam watch as the little poodle dog follow she in . actress what be you look at ? SAM that damn bird . the door close as the parrot cackle and yell the same unknowable phrase once more . int . sam' ford mustang - day Sam drive he black mustang down sunset boulevard . he pass sunset Junction . the shop . the restaurant . the beautiful and bless people of the neighborhood . 14. int . secret headquarters comic shop - day Sam browse the aisle of comic . he grab a issue of spider man and add it to the small stack in he arm . two nearby patron chat loudly while look at some Jimmy corrigan anthology . cute art woman someday I really want to swim with wild dolphin . ugly art man I have a friend who do that . cute art woman oh you will have to introduce I . ugly art man I will . Sam scan the local press , comic and zine - hang separately on a rotate wire shelf . he notice one in particular . Rough and xerox in a underground art style , Sam pick up a small , handmade and hand -drawn zine . its title be : under the Silver Lake on the cover be several strange drawing . the local silverlake Junction sign , the Elliott Smith wall , a naked woman in a mask , a man hold a sign , and some tiny text at the bottom of the page . Sam flip through the zine . he see a article title : beware the Dog killer Sam stare at the headline then scan the page . he close the zine and add it to he pile . stand at the register , the clerk examine Sam 's purchase like a curator - nodd approval or stay condescendingly silent . he punch number into the register . lift up the handmade zine , the clerk grin and stare down at the small text on the cover page . clerk ( read aloud ) only I know the secret of silverlake . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 . 9 continued : 9 clerk ( cont would ) in time I will reveal the truth behind the mysterious crime , murder and disappearance within this curse community . I have the answer ... I will reveal all ... under the Silver Lake . the clerk laugh and Sam smile back at he . politely . clerk jesus. SAM do you know who write this ? clerk yeah . a local guy . uh , strange , but nice . SAM do he come in here much ? clerk sure . I see he . SAM if I give you like five buck , would you give he my number and ask he to call I ? clerk I do not know . Sam grab a pen and write he name and number down on a comic store business card . SAM come on . I like he work . I would like to meet he . you be just ... pass ona number . clerk ( condescending ) ok . sure . but I do not need you five dollar . Sam take the money and put it back in he wallet . 10 ext . rancho los feliz apartment - night 10 Sam walk down the dark garden path . the night be quiet except for cricket , the trickle of water , and the occasional siren . ( continued ) 10 16 . continued : 10 Sam notice movement . a small skunk walk along the hedge - seem to trail the young man . Sam stop and wait , watch the tail of the smelly animal move further into the darkness . turn beyond the shrub , toward a first level patio , Sam see the white bichon frise from the pool . the dog be tie to the railing , poop on a open newspaper . Music pour from inside the apartment through the screen door . Sam step through the grass toward the dog . he pull a colorful dog biscuit from he pocket and place it on the ground . coca cola nibble at the biscuit . enjoy he treat . SAM good dog . the door slide open and Sarah stand before Sam . she 's wear she white bonnet and a casual , but beautiful dress . Black read glass sit atop she nose . sarah hello . SAM hi. Sam lean closer , watch the dog eat . Sarah kneel near she pet and rub he back . sarah wow . look at that , coca -cola . this nice man give you a treat . can you say thank you ? the dog just continue to eat - chew small and fast bite . SAM his name 's coca-cola ? sarah yeah . dependable as sunshine . Sam do not follow , but he play along , watch Sarah 's chest through she low hang dress . SAM be that a coke slogan ? Sam rub the dog 's ear . coca - cola do not look up from he food . ( continued ) 17 . 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 sarah a old one ... I think . my great grandma use to say it . she be a pretty smart lady . Sam just nod along , look from Sarah 's grin face to she hang chest - as she lean far forward . sarah what kind of dog do you have ? SAM my dog die recently . sarah oh my God , I be so sorry . SAM thanks . Sarah look at Sam 's eye . he try to smile a bit , but it come off a little sad . sarah well it 's nice to meet you . SAM yeah , you too . sarah uhh ... you wanna come in for a minute ? have a drink ? 11 int . sarah' apartment live room - night 11 Sarah hand Sam a cocktail . he stand in the middle of she cluttere live room . woman 's thing . Sarah fall back and stretch across she recliner . Sam sit next to she on the couch . Sarah giggle to herself . uncontrollably . SAM what be it ? she shake she head and smile . laugh a bit more . sarah I see you spying on I . earlier SAM no I be not . ( continued ) 11 18 . continued : 11 she cackle silently - have to turn she head away . sarah at the pool . I see you . SAM I do not know what you be talk about . the girl make a face - wait for he to tell the truth . sarah Fine . you be not spying , but I see you on you balcony . will you at least admit to that ? SAM sure . Sarah smile to herself , bunching she leg up on the chair and gulp she drink sarah be you masturbate ? SAM no. sarah well it 's not that strange . I masturbate ... SAM I too . but I be not try to ... Sarah seem stick on the think . a mixture of odd innocence and naivete . she interrupt ... sarah ( simple and sincere ) do not everybody ? SAM sure . listen , I would tell you if I be , but I be just ... look . that 's it . sarah ok . I believe you . Sarah reach over and lift up a large bong from the floor it 's a glass ice bong , fill with pink spiral percolator . top of the line . ( continued ) 11 12 19 . continued : ( 2 ) a 1 sarah wanna get stone ? SAM uh , yeah , sure . int . sarah' bedroom - night 12 the pair be fuck up . stone and eat snack on Sarah 's white , old - lady , flower - quilt bed . antique furniture , almost girlish in nature , fill the room . White silk hang from the tall bed post . they be watch a scene from " how to marry a millionaire " on the little bedroom tv . Marilyn flirt and glow onscreen . coca cola lay in the bed next to Sarah . Three collectible barbie doll sit on top of the television . they be model after Marilyn Monroe , Betty grable , and lauren bacall . a perfect match for the movie play below they . Sam notice a simple silver bracelet around Sarah 's wrist . he touch it , move he finger over it and onto the back of she hand . he gently caress she skin . playful . flirt . SAM that 's pretty . be it engrave ? sarah yeah . from a old boyfriend . SAM a old boyfriend . sarah yup . Sarah stretch she leg out and turn she ankle in Sam 's direction . on it , be a tattoo of a cartoon zebra hang glide . sarah what do you think of my tattoo ? SAM be it real ? sarah no. temporary . from a pack of gum . ( continued ) ns rump stim ane 12 20 . continued : 12 SAM thank God for temporary . Sarah giggle and smile as she grab two saltine cracker in one hand and a glass of orange juice in another sarah okayyyy . here we go . Sarah put the cracker in she mouth and immediately take a big sip of 0j . she chew and swallow it all as she talk . Sam stare at the freckle on she chest . sarah ( with she mouth full ) I know you think it 's gross ... but this one time when I be sick in grade school , I start eat saltine , instead of my chicken noodle ... then I take a sip of oj and ... it be delicious . Sam hold he grin . sarah it 's one of that undiscovered unknown combination that no one should die without try once . SAM ok . sarah now you gotta try it . Sarah pick up two more saltine and hold they up before Sam 's mouth . she lean very close , study and guide the the wafer like a jeweler focus on a diamond . Sam move he head past the cracker and kiss Sarah 's parte lip . they make out for a moment on the bed . Sam pull away , and Sarah continue to chew a bit of the cracker in she mouth - stare into Sam 's eye . she smile and laugh . just the sound of air through she nose . the front door open . voice and shuffle interrupt the game . ( continued ) 12 13 21. continued : ( 2 ) 12 blonde Sarah , we be home . we bring somebody . Sam and Sarah look through the bedroom door to the live room . Sarah 's pretty roommate , a 22 year old blonde and a 24 year old brunette place new bag of clothes and box of shoe all over the floor and couch . behind the girl be a 40 - something man with a large beard , a earring and a brown leather vest . some bad hipster pirate . sarah ok . Sarah watch as she roommate swarm the space . noise . she look around , try to decide what to do . Sam lean towards she on the bed . SAM you wanna grab a drink at the bar ? sarah no . I should probably call it a night . SAM really ? come on . one drink . I really do not feel like go home right now . sarah not tonight , ok ? SAM alright . Sarah climb off the bed . sarah come over tomorrow afternoon . we can hang out then . SAM ok . int . sarah' apartment live room - continuous 13 walk toward the door , Sam pass Sarah 's roommate . they do not pay any attention to he , move around like bee with they box of designer shoe . not even a smile or a nod . they be probably model ... or aspire to be . the pirate dude sit on the couch with he leg cross - stare the other way . aloof . ( continued ) 13 14 22 . continued : 13 a flash of light . through the patio door , Sam see firework explode in the sky beyond the rooftop . SAM weird . kinda late in the month for firework , be not it ? the girl say nothing . awkward silence . Sam shrug . SAM leftover , I guess . Sarah seem troubled as she turn away from the firework and face Sam . she try to grin , but it read false . SAM okayyy . well goodnight . sarah goodnight . SAM ok . I will see you tomorrow . sarah good . Sam walk outside as Sarah close the door ext . veselich avenue - night 14 Sam walk along the lamp - light sidewalk , pass the house and decrepit apartment of he east side neighborhood . he spin he key chain in he hand . Sam step into the street , reach he car , a late model black mustang . he stare in shock . the whole side of the car have be key . scratch mark cover it from fender to rear panel . a very large cartoon penis be scratch into the hood . deep in the paint . enrage , Sam grab the door handle , but quickly pull he hand back . chew gum stick to he fingertip , stretch over he palm in elongate wet strand . SAM fuck . ( continued ) 14 23 continued : 14 Sam wipe the gum onto the concrete and sit there , stare at the scratch mark up and down he car . overwhelm . he breathes slowly but deeply . Sam hear a noise . distant . he look down the street and see a few teenage boy crossing by some park car - creep suspiciously . stand up , Sam sneak closer , use the cover of tree , garbage can and a park van . he get within sight of the kid . Three boy . probably thirteen to fifteen year old . stupid grin on they face . key in hand . one of they have a carton of egg . the boy chuckle as the smallest of the three kid drop he pants and start to pee on the passenger side door of some old BMW . near silent laughter . open mouth shaking in vandal 's delight . the boy finish then play with he fly - zipping up . Sam walk up to the boy casually from the darkness . the kid turn . Sam grab he t-shirt under the collar and pull he toward a heavy punch - to the face . the boy grunt - exhaling he pain . stupid boy # 1 uhhhh . stupid boy # 2 what the hell , man ? the kid drop the carton onto the grass . Sam grab a egg from the carton and push it into the boy mouth . he choke and scream as the egg mix with the blood in he tooth . SAM you little fuck ! one of the boy try to help , but Sam punch he in the ball . he roll over onto the grass . moan in agony . small firework crackle in the distance . Sam punch the first kid again - blood fly out of he mouth . jumping up , Sam kick the other boy in the stomach . the kid cough and roll in pain . ( continued ) 14 15 24 . continued : ( 2 ) 14 Sam turn to head home . all we hear be the footstep of the third boy as he race down the center of the street . running away . running away from Sam . ext . sam' balcony - night 15 Inside , the television be on ... a news program highlight the life of miss billionaire jefferson sevence . still missing ! the program show archival news footage of sevence perform evel knievel style stunt and Howard Hughes -esque exploit . Sam sit alone on he balcony drink several beer - a six pack rest on the spare patio chair sweat on he face . a sad look in he eye . he 's read a page from the local zine " under the Silver Lake " - hold it delicately with he sticky finger . the headline read : beware the Dog killer on the page be a draw of a hood man lift a impale dog into the air with he bowie knife . we see xerox pic of 20' era edendale , and silent film photograph , as Sam read quietly to himself . SAM ( read ) silverlake and the east side of Los Angeles be originally build around the silent film studio . back then the area be know as edendale . in 1978 a silverlake resident discover a can of film in he basement . in the movie , a young man hold a note in front of the camera . it read : " no one will ever be happy here until all the dog be dead " . he then shoot himself in the head with a pistol . the man be a aspire actor who see himself as the next Douglas fairbank . ( more ) ( continued ) 15 16 17 18 25 continued : 15 SAM ( cont would ) he be say to have be jealous of animal , specifically cite a deep contempt for teddy the wonder Dog . he resent the dog 's success and blame all dog for he fail life . the man who find the film cannister claim that he house be originally use for training stunt dog for early mack sennett short . this author believe the suicide of this obscure and fail actor might be the origin or impetus for the modern day dog killer . be edendale curse ? for now the answer remain hide , deep below the surface ... under the Silver Lake . ext . griffith park tunnel - night 16 Sam walk through a long tunnel . he hear dog bark ahead . ext . griffith park road - night 17 reaching the end of the tunnel , Sam emerge onto a dark and wood street . more bark - just out of sight in the tree . he step off the road onto a wood path . ext . griffith park trail - night 18 Sam walk slowly along the tree-line dirt trail . moonlit . dog continue to bark in the distance . Sam follow they sound . he notice a dog biscuit on the ground below he foot . pick it up , he examine it , twist it in he finger . he know this brand . Sam see another - just ahead . he follow the dark trail of multi-color dog treat , deeper into the wood . fly buzz over a small dark mass alongside the path . Sam stop and look down . partially cover by leave , he see the rib cage and half - bury head of a dog in the dirt . a bichon frise . strange sound ... up ahead . Sam hear the odd noise and walk closer to they - further down the trail . ( continued ) 18 19 26 . continued : 18 the sound of chew ? enter a clear , Sam see the back of a woman - Sarah 's dress , white bonnet and slipper . be that Sarah ? she 's hunch down over a man 's body . eat something . as Sam step closer , he see the dead man 's face in the moonlight . it 's the miss billionaire , jefferson sevence . the chew intensify . lip smack . Sam hear a dog bark behind he . he do not look . it bark again . the woman turn around and face he ... it 's not Sarah . it 's a unknown man with blood on he mouth and face . flesh in he tooth . he stare at Sam , beneath the white bonnet . curious and innocent like a dog . jefferson sevence 's body be in two piece . clearly severe at the waist . the strange man bark . it sound like the little dog , coca cola , yapping . Sam stare as some unseen force pull the body 's two halve in opposite direction . each drag across the grass into the wood - as though pull away by fishing line . go in a flash . int . sam' apartment - morning 19 Sam open he eye into the bright sun . he 's curl up and drool on the couch . the tv be still on . beer can nearby . Sam roll over and grab a spider man comic from the floor . it stick to he fingertip . he shake he hand , but the comic be stick . Sam peel it off , then look at the chew gum , still cover part of he hand . he exhales and shake he head . 20 21 27 . ext . rancho los feliz apartment - day 20 Sam walk along the garden path towards Sarah 's apartment . he knock on she front door . no one answer . Sam walk around back and step onto Sarah 's patio . coca cola be not there . the patio chair be miss . the old newspaper and dog poop be go . the young man peek in through the patio door . the blind be open . there 's no furniture inside . the apartment be completely empty . int . rancho los feliz manager' office - day 21 Inside the glass - wall , log-cabin office , Sam lean against one of the desk . a greasy haire manager with a pucker face , look up from behind he monitor . his contempt be obvious . he stare at Sam as though he 's look into a unflush toilet . manager they move out . how do that not make sense ? SAM who move out in the middle of the night ? manager they want to leave . they forfeit they deposit , pay the lease . they .. move ... out . nothing strange about it . SAM I do not know why she would not have tell I ? manager I do not know . maybe she do not like you . maybe she know you be poor and you have not pay you rent . maybe she do not want to date a homeless man ? Sam say nothing . he stare at the smug manager - anger brewing . ( continued ) 21 22 28 . continued : 21 manager speak of rent ... this be not personal , but I want you to know that you will be forcibly remove if you can not pay in the next seven day . SAM I get it . manager ok . great . int . drawing room - day 22 Sam drink whiskey in the dark bar . sunlight occasionally cut across the shadow , as patron enter or exit . a heavy man , with a half - bald head , shift on he stool . Sam 's 43 - year - old bar buddy gulp he beer and rub he ear in contemplation . SAM I could not even find she online . bar buddy yeah . it 's kinda weird . I do not know . what do ya do ? SAM not sure . two drunk woman , behind tall beer , carry on they own conversation at the bar . we hear piece of it ... bar buddy old drunk woman have you hear about this the only thing I hate more dog killer ? than get pat on the head be looooove on a schedule . SAM there 's more than one ? young drunk woman they always say to I " you be bar buddy too pretty to be this nice " who know . creep I out . or " you do not look like you have it 's one thing to get mug , have a child . " God I just want but to have some dude stab to find somebody with a little you dog right before you financial security . I can eye ... that would traumatize dream , right ? a person ... fuckin ' horrible . SAM totally . Sam take a sip from he glass . ( continued ) for that who enjoy the taste of good whiskey no cover - up here . Seven - up let you drink assert its true char - acter . you always get a robust man 's drink — as a army of seasoned highball man will attest . Seven - up mellow whiskey , flatter it , round out flavor . caution : do not stir . just pour gently ; 7 - up stir itself . make you next one a 7 - up bighball . copetaht vat by the reve up compane 22 23 24 29 . continued : 22 bar buddy maybe she leave a clue ? SAM what ? bar buddy the girl . if something bad happen , there might be ... evidence . blood on the carpet . I do not know . Sam shrug ... sure , evidence . why not ? he take a big swig of whiskey . ext . near sarah' patio - day 23 Sam step behind some shrub , locating Sarah 's bedroom window . he 's sweaty . a bit drunk . he look back and scan the neighbor balcony . seem clear . no one 's around . the young man slide a screwdriver behind the window screen and pop it out . quickly , he climb inside with a thud . int . sarah' bedroom - continuous 24 Sam twist the blind close - cover the open window . he turn and face the empty room . Dust sit along the carpet edge where furniture once stand . Sam look down the hallway into the vacant live room . he casually spin back and see the close closet door . he walk over and open it . the clothes and shoe be go . but at the top of the shelf be a box . Sam pull it down and look inside . he see some music CD , a dance trophy , three collectible barbie doll from the " how to marry a millionaire " series , a open pack of fruit stripe gum , a pink vibrator and a photograph of Sarah . Sam grab the picture of Sarah smile in she white hat , and put it in he pocket . he hear a sound . key rattling . the front door begin to unlock . Sam put the box back on the shelf , step out and close the closet door . he hear the front door click as it start to open . think fast , Sam climb back out the bedroom window . he reach in and settles the shaking blind . 25 26 30 . ext . near sarah' patio - continuous 25 Sam remain there , behind the bush , peek into the bedroom . wait to see who 's arrive . a young woman , troy , in jean short and a Joan jett and the blackheart t-shirt , step into the bedroom . her hair be thin and " dirty white " . her face be pretty , but a little masculine . a tomboy , sex - pot and scenester combine . Sam watch the girl open the closet and go inside - a cloth Trader Joe shopping bag in she hand . after a moment , she emerge with the box in she arm . setting it down in the middle of the empty room , Troy dump the content of the box into the bag . she reach in , grab a stick of gum and put it in she mouth . Troy pick up the bag and walk into the hallway . as she leave , the girl close the bedroom door - revealing a mark on the wall - previously hide . °c through the blind , Sam stare at the strange symbol . drawn in pink nail polish ... two diamond shape , join at the tip ... °c Sam stare at the symbol for a moment . clearly puzzle . a storm door close . footstep . Sam duck and watch Troy cross by , swinging she bag of goody along the garden path . ext . veselich avenue - day 26 trail the girl from the opposite side of the street , Sam walk slowly , step behind tree and park car . Troy stroll along the sidewalk . a car pull up in the intersection before she . it 's a 1984 volkswagon rabbit wolfsburg convertible . ( continued ) 26 27 28 29 31 . continued : 26 two other hipster girl be inside . a black haire girl be drive . a freckle redhead in back . familiar indie-rock pour from the speaker . Troy race up and hop into the passenger seat . the car take off towards Los feliz boulevard . Sam sprint to he car . int . sam' ford mustang - day 27 Sam drive along Los feliz keep the rabbit convertible in he sight - just a few car ahead . he follow the girl , turn leave onto griffith Park boulevard . Sam watch they car slow down and stop in front of John Marshall High School . he pull over and wait . Troy and she friend sit still - engine run - across from the football field . some local teens pass by Sam 's car . they point and laugh at the penis draw cover he hood . he ignore they . from he center console , Sam pull out a pen and a LA County parking ticket . he draw the secret shape on the ticket . °c look up , Sam notice the girl stare over at the high school scoreboard . some number flash on the visitor 's side . the number 7 ... then the number 5 ... and finally the number 1 . Sam write they on he ticket . 751 the white rabbit convertible pull back onto the road and head towards rowena . Sam stay in pursuit . int . sam' ford mustang - day 28 travel down sunset boulevard ... Sam follow , trail the car toward echo Park . ext . echo park lake - dusk 29 the sun begin to set over the lake as Sam idle along echo Park Avenue . ( continued ) 29 32 . continued : 29 he watch the girl walk up to the nearby boat house . leave he car , Sam follow the threesome . he look around the boat house and see a park employee help the girl into two red paddle boat . Troy climb in with the brunette - the Trader Joe bag over she shoulder they start to pedal away from the dock . the handsome Park employee eye they as they float off . Sam hop in he own blue paddle boat and start to pedal - churn water and gain momentum . paddle out , he follow the two red boat from a distance as they round the bend . swish water . shwwww . shwwww . shwwww . move under the bridge , Sam turn the corner into the open water . the lake be calm . the orange sky reflect over the park , mixing with palm tree , flower and the gentle gaze of the Lady of the Lake statue . the girl stop pedale . they boat slow down and begin to simply drift . the redhead wave at she friend in the first boat . they make face back at she . a few splashes of water Sam stay still , let he boat float sideways within the lake . he casually turn and watch the girl . wait . Troy and she friend start to paddle together once more . faster than before . they boat reach the opposite shore line . Sam watch as a man appear over the hilltop . he run down over the grass and meet Troy as she paddle boat bump against the concrete rim of the lake . Sam recognize the man . it 's the middle - age hipster pirate he see at Sarah 's . Troy pass the cloth bag to the pirate . he take it and run back up the hill . he 's go . SAM ( whisper ) fuck . Sam look around , and start to turn he paddle boat toward the dock . 30 31 32 33. int . sam' ford mustang - evening 30 a few length behind the convertible rabbit , Sam drive he car down 2nd Street towards the city . homeless people look up from they shopping cart and cardboard bed as the black mustang pass by . Sam enter the tunnel under bunker Hill . he stare ahead - the girl sit calmly together turn onto 6th Street , the rabbit drive up in front of the Standard Hotel . Sam trail behind , watch as Troy and she friend hop out - pull beach towel and pool raft from the car . the brunette pass the key off to the shady valet . the redhead pull she t-shirt off , revealing a bikini top . she swing the shirt over she shoulder and smile to the brunette . Sam drive closer , watch the three pretty hipster go into the back door of the hotel . Troy laugh as she blow air into a inner tube - disappear through the doorway . pull into a blue-line parking space , Sam take out a handicap - parking permit and hang it from he mirror . int . standard HOTEL elevator - evening 31 Sam ride up alone . the elevator door open . live music pour in from the rooftop patio . ext . downtown standard rooftop bar - evening 32 stand before Sam be a leggy woman in a bikini and black top hat . her extend leg in the doorway force Sam to face she - although he would have do so regardless . bikini top hat girl welcome to purgatory . SAM uh ... good to be here . I need some time to think about thing . the bikini girl smile . she pull a small sewing needle from a plush , cherry - shape , pin cushion and present it to Sam . bikini top hat girl use it wisely . Sam smirk and slide the pin through the pocket of he shirt as he walk on . ( continued ) 32 34 . continued : 32 he pass a identical girl , perform a identical greeting to a small crowd exite the adjacent elevator . a poet dress like a 1940 's housewife march by , step across the furniture and table while read poetry against the loud music . she tear little piece of paper from she page and drop they to the ground like rise petal . housewife poet all this ... holy trinity of woman ... thriving like plant ... under the heat ... of the city 's male gaze .... three three three ... three three three ... three three three ... Sam scan the area for Troy and the girl . he see they sit down on a big couch near the stage . a live band be play before a crowd . stepping closer , Sam see the understate singer and he gorgeous female band . it 's Jesus and the bride of dracula - make clear by the accompany signage and drum logo . the three bride be all in white 1920 's gowns with pale skin and sad eye . jesus be in old blue jeans - bare chest with a cross around he neck . Sam move closer as the band kick into a prolong music jam . faster and faster , the tempo rise . the crowd part as a dancer emerge from behind the stage . she draw all attention - include Sam 's . a teenage girl in a green unitard dance provocatively wear a enormous mass of multi-color balloon . balloon girl smile and gyrate . her arm wave in the air as she shoulder sway . suddenly she begin to scream over the pound drum . all part of the act , but strange nevertheless . balloon girl dance through the crowd scream as everyone poke and pop the balloon with they sewing needle . pop. pop. pop. pop. pop. the music reach a crescendo and end with a final roar Sam watch as balloon girl emerge from the mob - she 's cover in deflate rubber over she nylon suit . she stare up at the sky , as though heal by pentecostal power . the crowd cheer as the band disappear behind a curtain . ( continued ) 32 33 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 troy I love you Jesus ! Sam pull the sewing needle from he shirt and toss it over the edge of the roof - without think twice . ext . downtown standard rooftop - evening 33 loud music everywhere . Sam sit down along the edge of the pool - jeans roll up - foot in the water . he sip he fruity cocktail and watch Troy and she girlfriend strip into they bathing suit . Troy kick off she sandal and dive into the water . Sam watch Troy swim to the far edge of the pool . the young woman climb onto a raft and lay back - she pull a flask from she waist - band and take a swig . the redhead , fannie , a freckle and slightly plump beauty , stretch and yawn at the edge of the pool . her tooth be oddly space - a miss opportunity for brace - but even this mistake contribute to she appeal . the black haire girl , mae , step cautiously into the pool . she 's slim with dark feature - girlish compare with she friend - a bob haircut more at home in the 1970 's than the millennial teens . mae be Jesus still here or do he leave already ? Sam fix he sight on Troy . she be calmly spin slow circle on she raft . troy I be not sure . fannie he 's with one of the bride I think . fannie climb down the ladder into the blue tank . she start to swim . mae romantically ? fannie probably . Sam drink and eavesdrop - try to look like he belong . ( continued ) 33 34 36 . continued : 33 mae seem like he 's make he way through all of ‘em . troy one bride at a time . fannie he 's a romantic . fannie and mae laugh together as Troy grin . she take another gulp from she flask . troy you do not become a bride without fuck Jesus . mae if he be not so good look he would never get away with it . Troy climb out of the water , look back at she friend . troy bless by he holy father I guess . Sam watch as Troy head to the bathroom . he stand up and follow . int . women' bathroom - evening 34 the toilet flush and Troy open she stall . Sam be stand between she and the sink . Troy give he a dirty look and try to walk around he . Sam block she path , hold up the photo of Sarah . SAM do you know this girl ? the girl look at the photograph , but say nothing . she stare at Sam - look he up and down . SAM do you know where she be ? Troy spit she gum in Sam 's face . it hit he nose and fall to the floor . Sam grab she arm and yank she closer SAM fuck you . seriously . be she ok ? Troy knee Sam in the ball . she pull away from he grip as he fall to the floor . ( continued ) 34 35 37 . continued : 34 she run out . a fresh group of drunk hipster girl walk into the bathroom and see Sam on the floor . they make ugly face at he and bark - strong and very aggressive - flash gang sign from place they have never visit . bathroom girl get the fuck outta here . it 's the lady room . another bathroom girl piece of shit . asshole . as the girl shout and curse , they bark become literal . from they sweet mouth come deep and disturbing dog bark . and another bathroom girl fuckin ' toilet licker the girl cackle and laugh at they explosion of expletive . Sam try to sit up . ext . downtown standard HOTEL rooftop - continuous 35 Sam hobble , hunch over , through the beautiful crowd . it 's even louder than before . one of the bride of dracula , a green -ey beauty in oversize read glass and grey lipstick , chat energetically with a gentle giant . Sam pass by the reading glass bride , move toward the pool . reading glass bride we think about name ourselves Jesus and the bride of frankenstein . Cause there 's just so much vampirism in pop culture , we be worried the dracula thing might be a little tiresome . giant hipster with giant beard I think it work for you . this conversation , and other like it , play out in the background - overlap with the primary story . altman -esque . reading glass bride yeah . there 's something liberate about 1920 's fashion . obviously there 's the whole " undead flapper girl " thing . ya know ... more ( ) ( continued ) 35 38 . continued : 35 reading glass bride ( cont would ) all woman be condemn as monster the moment they start do the Charleston . fuck society , right ? giant hipster with giant beard I agree ... move past the crowd , Sam finally get a clear view of the pool area . Troy and the girl be go . a hand land hard on Sam 's shoulder . he jump . faux angry voice what be you do here ?! Sam spin around and see allen , a grin guy with floppy hair and a chisele jaw - laugh and patting Sam 's back . SAM hey , Allen . good to see you . Allen give Sam a hug . Sam look down at Allen 's attire . though very masculine , Allen wear a few piece of woman 's clothing - slightly repurpose for irony or comfort 's sake . SAM be that a woman 's blouse ? allen I guess so . SAM ok. allen what be you do ? keepin ' busy with work ? SAM of course . how ' bout you ? Allen drift through the conversation . float in both word and gesture . allen yeah you know ... workin ' . mostly , thinkin ' about thing . how do the world work ? why be we swim on rooftop when there 's a ocean right over there . ( continued ) 35 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 35 Sam stand more still than the other - less at ease in this world of artist and secret socialite . also , he be just kneed in the ball . SAM well I do not have any answer . allen nobody do . Allen grin , nodd and patting Sam on the shoulder a few more time . SAM hey , do you know a blond , a redhead and a brunette that drive a rabbit convertible ? allen no , but I be look forward to meeting ‘em . SAM well ... I be ... try ... a beautiful black girl in a sparkling emerald evening gown walk up to Allen . he smile to the emerald beauty and point to she dress . allen hey ! I like the dress . the girl smile and tip she chin in flirtatious recognition . emerald beauty thanks , Allen . emerald beauty stare over Allen 's shoulder emerald beauty oh my God . take a look . both Allen and Sam turn and see a leggy brunette in gold short . it 's millicent sevence . she 's drink , laugh and flirt with another girl . emerald beauty be not that millicent sevence ? allen I think so . ( continued ) 35 40 . continued : ( 3 ) 35 emerald beauty what be she do here ? be not she dad kidnap or something ? allen not a very classy move . SAM ( feel he groin ) it 's hard to say what a person might do when they be in pain . the pair ignore Sam , as they scoff and stare . emerging from the crowd in she white gothic gown , one of the bride of dracula edge into the circle . a fragile doll . the meek bride wave at the group like a shy schoolgirl - a wicker basket fill with cookie in she hand . meek bride I be do a secret solo show tomorrow night at Hollywood forever if you wanna come . allen yeah . I would love to . meek bride this be you ticket . the girl delicately hand both Allen and emerald beauty a homemade cookie . the meek bride look at Sam , pause and give he one too - like Valentine 's day in grade school . everyone get a card if you show up . bride do not eat it or break it . if it 's miss anything , even a crumb , they will not let you in . Sam look at the cookie in he hand - frost with green piping - the number 76 . allen thanks . the meek bride offer a half - grin then turn to deliver more VIP treat to the crowd . she repeat she pitch . ( continued ) 41 . 35 continued : ( 4 ) 35 meek bride ( move into the crowd ) I be do a secret solo show tomorrow night at Hollywood forever if you wanna come ... emerald beauty look down at she iphone , read she twitter feed . emerald beauty oh my God . allen what ? emerald beauty it look like they find millicent 's dad . SAM really ? emerald beauty his body be burn or something . allen he 's dead ? emerald beauty yeah . SAM do she know ? all eye turn towards millicent sevence . the billionaire 's daughter pull away from a sapphic kiss , and make a funny face as she reach for she drink . emerald beauty whisper something to a male model . a few people around millicent start to look up from they smart phone , reacting to some terrible news . more and more people within the crowd turn they attention toward the young woman . millicent sway and laugh . a chain reaction of hushed whisper . elbow between friend . face look up from iphone . chatter and gossip . Sam watch this from the edge . everyone wait for millicent to hear what they already know . a girl run through the crowd and whisper into millicent 's ear . ( continued ) 35 36 42 . continued : ( 5 ) 35 Sam watch the young woman 's face . she 's devastate , but hold it in . millicent walk slowly through the hipster to the elevator she 's go . ext . rancho los feliz apartment - night 36 Sam open the outer security gate . fog drift across the garden walkway of Sam 's complex . a forebode quality in the night air Sam walk alone . it 's quiet except for cricket and the sound of water rippling in the stream . Sam hear footstep behind he . he turn and look back . no one be there . darkness . we move with Sam , tracking through the foggy walkway . the young man step nervously - alert . Sam 's cell phone ring . he answer . SAM hello ? comic man ( on phone ) hi , um ... one of the guy at secret headquarters , the comic store , give I you number . they say you want to talk to I . SAM oh shit , yeah . I read you zine . I want to ask you more about it . be there a time we could meet up ? comic man ( on phone ) sure . I will be draw all day tomorrow . you be welcome to stop by the house . Sam hear something again . he spin back as a dark figure cross the path - into the shadow . SAM cool . could you text I you address ? ( continued ) 36 43 . continued : 36 Sam stare back . concerned . comic man ( on phone ) yeah I can do that . still watch - no movement . SAM great . I will see ya then . comic man ( on phone ) yeah . see you tomorrow . Sam hang up he phone and stare into the darkness . listen . he see a shadow lean out from behind a distant building . go again . Sam turn and start to jog ahead . he look around anxiously . through the dark garden path . in and out of the lamp light . reaching a intersection of path , Sam slow down and look to he right . he notice a man stand in the center of the walkway . the man be not move . his body and face be shroud in darkness . Sam turn leave and start to run . he do not look back turn another corner , Sam scramble and climb behind a large tree . loud rustling - behind he . a strange cry . Sam turn and see black fur rise from the brush within the tall grass . it 's the rear end of a skunk the animal shake and spray . Sam cover he head and close he eye as the skunk bathes he in its odor . Sam stagger out of he hide place , wiping the fluid from he face . his eye water . he hunch over on the sidewalk and begin to heave . Sam vomit on the walkway . cough . choke . sitting there , he try to open he eye . slow and painful . the fluid sting . ( continued ) 36 37 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 36 Sam open he eyelid - just enough . he look up the garden path and see no one . the shadow man be go . int . sam' apartment - night 37 stand on he kitchen tile , Sam strip off he clothes into a garbage bag . the television be on nearby . a beautifully decorate cookie sit on he counter - top next to Sarah 's photo and a parking ticket cover in symbol and scribbles . male reporter ( on tv ) yes . I agree . the city be in shock at the loss of such a cultural landmark . this man have literally be the face of Los Angeles for decade through he charity work , he Hollywood production company , the New Year 's Eve telecast , he public appearance at Award show , the Rose parade ... the list just go on and on ... lean over in he underwear , Sam watch the news report . we see helicopter footage of a burn up deusenberg near Silver Lake boulevard and the 101 . Sam pull he brief down and toss they into the bag . female reporter ( on tv ) it 's hard to believe , but the Los Angeles Police commissioner have confirm that the remain be that of jefferson sevence . as we report earlier , sevence be find dead in he car with the body of three woman believe to be prostitute . this catch Sam 's attention . he run across the room and stand before the television , buck naked . he watch intensely . female reporter ( on tv ) in addition , some unnamed source have leak a very odd detail about the case . apparently the remain of a dog , a breed know as bichon frise , be find in the purse of one of the victim . ( more ) ( continued ) 37 38 45 . continued : 37 female reporter ( cont would ) this have officially become a very grisly and puzzle murder investigation . Sam watch the crime scene footage . a detective carry a evidence bag into a police van . Reporters and cop everywhere . Sam tilt he head , and press a button on he cable box . the screen pause . he zoom in with the remote - focus on the grainy image of the crime scene bag . it 's white and char . concerned with neither he odor nor he nudity , Sam grab Sarah 's photo from the counter he hold the picture up , examine the detail of Sarah 's white bonnet - the pink ribbon hang near she ear . he compare it against the tv screen , zoom - in once more . though it 's a fuzzy blur , the burnt white cloth and pink ribbon be clearly visible within the evidence bag . it 's Sarah 's hat . SAM fuck . int . sam' bathroom - night 38 open tin can sit on the bathroom sink . Inside the tub be Sam , soaking in tomato juice - scrubbing the skunk scent from he body . the actress be on the floor , wear a slutty nurse outfit , and plugging she nose . she read out loud to Sam - a page from " under the Silver Lake " . actress ( read ) who be the owl 's kiss ? the actress turn the zine around and show Sam the picture accompany the typewriter essay . it 's a cartoon depiction of a naked woman in a owl skin mask with a large tuft of pubic hair between she leg . actress accord to this picture it 's a naked lady with a unshaven bush . ( continued ) 46 . 38 continued : 38 Sam shake he head and smile . SAM just read it . the actress make a face and return to she duty . actress ( read ) the owl 's kiss be a lose legend of folklore . just as terrifying as the wolfman or frankenstein 's monster . she be a woman who arrive in the night , through window and lock door , naked except for she mask of taxidermied owl skin . she seduce man and woman alike , kill they in they sleep . this beautiful spectre be responsible for dozen of death within the Los Angeles basin , though she have yet to be mention by mainstream media . theory abound as to she motive . this author believe she may be a member of a longstand american cult with origin in trade and finance . it 's the unlucky soul who find himself the recipient of a owl 's kiss . the actress raise she brow and toss the zine on top of the toilet . actress what a bunch 'a horse shit . Sam nod out of respect as the young woman rest she back against the sink . White nylon leg sprawle unshyly over the floor . actress I can not believe jefferson sevence be dead . Sam listen , scrubbing he face with soap and tomato juice . he dunk he head into the bath once or twice . rinsing he hair . actress every year more and more celebrity and people I grow up with keep die . Dick Clark ... Elizabeth Taylor ... johnny carson . ( continued ) 47 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) 38 SAM everybody die ... even the people we think will be here forever . with she nose still plugge , the actress 's voice sound extra strange and nasally . actress I remember hearing my aunt talk about that feel - realize how quick it all go . it 's one of that thing you do not understand until you be in it . SAM have you lose anybody ? anybody close ? the actress just nod . she look at Sam . actress you ? Sam shake he head . not yet . SAM I think about it though . a lot more than I should . the actress pet the top of Sam 's head . he look like a big child in the tub ... a old baby cover in he food . actress hey , what be that page on you nightstand ? the one with all the scribbles ? SAM ehhhhh . that 's nothing . actress no . tell I . I wanna know . SAM you will get all weird out . actress no I will not . you have see I do my chant and my prep work . I do not care if it 's weird . SAM ok . have you ever hear about old record album have satanic message in they if ya play them backwards ? ( continued ) 48 . 38 continued : ( 3 ) 38 actress sure . SAM ok ... so I be watch wheel of fortune and I notice that vanna White do this little pattern of glance every so often . she look forward then right then leave and then back again . and I start wonder ... be that random or be there a reason for it ? be there a pattern behind it ? and if there be , maybe there 's something meaningful in that pattern . the actress stare and listen as Sam continue explain he strange theory . SAM so I start take note of when it happen ... and for the past 7 month I have a complete record of it . it do not happen everyday ... it 's literally every three episode except for one time . also , it seem to happen most wednesday except for last Wednesday which happen to be a holiday . so I graph it out and I get some old code book from the library and I have be digging through they , try to see if it translate to anything ... like a word or a message ... something . the actress smile nervously , make a slight sound from she throat as she adjust she leg . Sam speak faster and faster . SAM I mean , I have just be think , why do we assume that all of this infrastructure and entertainment and open information beam all over the place into every home on the planet be exactly what people tell we it be ? maybe there be people more important more powerful or wealthier than we that communicate thing or see thing in the world that be mean for they and not for we . I think it 's fuck ridiculous to assume that media only have one purpose ... right ? the actress stare at Sam - freeze . she 's freak out , but she try to hide it . ( continued ) 38 39 40 49 . continued : ( 4 ) 38 SAM you think that 's weird ? actress a little . SAM it 's not weird . do not you ever feel like rich people know something that you and I do not ? actress like good restaurant , maybe . frustrate , Sam splashes tomato juice over he chest . he exhales deeply . actress do not take this the wrong way , but you smell so bad . I think I be gonna get go . the actress start to stand up . stretch . SAM ok. um ... thanks for the juice . actress I will be back when the smell go away . the young woman walk out of the bathroom , leave Sam alone . int . sam' apartment - night 39 Sam sit on he couch watch wheel of fortune - a notebook and pen in he hand . he hear squeal of laughter and water splash outside he window . Sam walk out to he balcony . ext . sam' apartment balcony - night 40 look down at the pool , Sam see Sarah swim alone in the blue water . Sarah splashes ... laugh like Marilyn Monroe . she swim closer , look up at Sam . he realize that she 's naked . ( continued ) 40 41 42 50 . continued : 40 sarah come on in . the water be so refresh . Sam watch as Sarah reach the nearest edge of the pool . she prop herself on she elbow and lift a single leg up onto the deck - mimick Marilyn . she giggle and laugh with a giant grin . Sam stare . more laughter Sarah climb out and sit on the edge of the pool . with she back to we , she turn and smile over she shoulder ... teasing she body . she begin to bark at we - the sound of a large dog - something vicious . her face be beautiful but she bark be horrific . Sam watch as she playfully hop back into the pool and dive underwater . splash . it 's quiet now . Sam lean over the railing and look down . the water settles ... no one be in the pool . int . sam' bedroom - morning 41 Sam open he eye , roll out of bed and look straight out the window . he see police string crime - scene tape over Sarah 's apartment door . ext . veselich avenue - day 42 Sam exit he apartment gate and walk up the street . he notice a leggy woman in a short red dress climb out of she prius . red miniskirt walk daintily ahead of he on the sidewalk - pass a drunk homeless man in the grass . Sam watch she ass and leg as she prance along . on the opposite sidewalk , there be more beautiful woman , staggered down the block , but march forward . a fellini-esque parade of mini-skirt model move down the street in Sam 's direction . Sam tilt he head - try to understand it all . ( continued ) 42 51 . continued : 42 Red miniskirt cut across the road - pull out she headshot . she slow down in front of a old duplex . Inside the dirty garage be several gorgeous model stand around , smile and chat with a heavy - set man . he sit behind a fold card table like a king . a makeshift sign read : Movie audition ! Sam pass the garage audition , stare at the odd circus . now behind he , Red miniskirt pace , stare up at the tree - wonder if she should leave . Sam turn a corner . several model stand in the center of the street look down at the pavement . a look of disgust on they face . Red spray paint cover the ground . some sort of graffiti . Sam approach they and the strange marking . yellow miniskirt make a few involuntary , hushed sound - publically advertising she horror at the message below she . yellow miniskirt uhhhhhhhe . each grunt be accompany by a body shiver and a little , involuntary two -step dance on she yellow heel . Sam keep walk closer . blue miniskirt gehhh . below they high -heeled foot be four giant word - write in red spray paint . beware the Dog killer GREEN miniskirt flip she foot and grimace , shaking she face with tongue half extend . this really bother she . GREEN miniskirt lllehhhhehhhaaah . Sam stare at the paint message as he pass the model . yellow miniskirt look up at he . yellow miniskirt really creepy , huh ? ( continued ) 42 43 52 continued : ( 2 ) 42 SAM yeah . blue miniskirt I do not even walk my dog anymore . GREEN miniskirt we use a litter box . yellow miniskirt wave she hand in front of she nose . yellow miniskirt what 's that smell ? blue miniskirt I do not know . Sam sniff himself and make a face . a loud mechanical SOUND ! Sam look ahead and see a tow truck lift he Black mustang onto its flatbe . SAM what the fuuuuckkk ? he start to sprint , leave the circle of runway model behind he . ext . brunswick avenue - moment later 43 Sam pound on the tow truck driver 's window . the tow man roll it down and look at Sam with a wide and angry mouth . SAM that 's my car ! you can not take my fuck car ! tow man this be my job , man . you can not keep it if you do not make the payment . the tow man throw he truck in gear and drive off toward Los feliz . Sam watch he car disappear . a homeless woman stare , wheeling a shopping cart along the sidewalk . squeak ! squeak ! go the wheel . 44 45 53. ext . griffith park boulevard - day 44 Sam walk down griffith Park boulevard , cover in sweat . he stare at the blank scoreboard near John Marshall High School as he pass . a car full of teenager zip down the road . Sam hear a familiar tune approach and recede with they pass . you and I ... turn like tooth ... loving beneath ... the surface . Sam listen , wiping sweat from he face . the sun cover all . int . comic man' house - live room - day 45 knock . knock . knock . comic man open he front door and greet Sam - now soak from the heat . comic man come on in . you want a beer ? he wave Sam inside . close the door SAM yes , please . comic man hot day and a cold beer . Sam smile and look around , fan himself . it 's a mess of a house . sketch , papers and book litter the room . Dust ball collect in corner . from the dim live room into the far hallway , the wall be cover in life mask . Sam fixate on the dozen of solid - white face hang everywhere . they eye be close . they expression be freeze in time . ( continued ) 45 54 . continued : 45 he see ... basil rathbone , Debbie reynold , angelina jolie , bela lugosi , Katherine hepburn , Christopher reeve , ashton kutcher , Linda Blair , Charles laughton , Patricia arquette , Lou costello and Robert redford . SAM what be this mask ? comic man they be life mask . comic man hand Sam a beer . he crack it open and take a drink . SAM what 's a life mask ? comic man they be resin casting of famous people 's face . they be all real and they be true to life representation of this amazing people . SAM hm . comic man most of ‘em be from film production but some be cast by sculptor for statue construction . like lincoln 's ... comic man point to the chalk - white face of abraham lincoln hang from the wall . his eyelid be close . comic man that 's he real face ... and that 's Grace Kelly 's right next to johnny depp . SAM huh . man I really need to have a family so I have someone to pass this on to . right ? this people need to be remember . SAM I understand . 46 55 . int . comic man' live room - day 46 sitting on the couch , surround by book , odd tchotchke and " under the Silver Lake " zine , Sam draw the double diamond shape on paper . °c Sam 's photograph of Sarah sit on the paper next to the draw . comic man lean in and look at the symbol . comic man stay quiet . SAM what ? comic man it mean " stay quiet " . it 's a hobo code . SAM really ? comic man yeah . hobo and rail - rider from the 1930' use it . here look ... comic man grab a book from he giant shelf . he open it and show Sam a graph of common hobo symbol . oo -- || X be < > < > s// Sam lift a piece of scrap paper from within the book . it 's fill with handwritten translation . a simple key for the mysterious hobo code . comic man they use it to let other people know who be cool , who be not , what house might offer food , if there 's a doctor in that town who might be sympathetic to traveler . that sort of thing . Sam stare at the symbol , keep the code - fill book mark in he hand . SAM well why be it in Sarah 's room and who be they tell to be quiet ? ( continued ) / ry kind lady live here if you be sick , they " care for you '' ) keep quiet a oishowest person live here er there be thieve about ah kind wor ars , tail pitiful story fy docton here , won't charge free telephone hold you barking dog tongue here gooo place 10 trolley stop catch '' train coward , will give , youll be 10 get no of you curse ovt coume committed , | judge pat sate for stranger live here food here of you work alcohol 1 thee town this 18 not asapeplace a beat await you here courthouse : precinct station as ' you can sleep in hayloft . ane bewane of four dog ye man with gun live here ' s2 ) police here frown on hobo officer to law live here RELIGIOUS talk ete prog meal easy MARK , sucker be prepare to defend yourself ( sy authorities mere be alert 46 56 . continued : 46 comic man I do not know . maybe you ? Sam take a deep breath . comic man open a issue of " under the Silver Lake " , sit amongst the clutter . Inside it 's fill with snapshot of " lose and find " sign from all over the east side of Los Angeles . page after page ... comic man there 's be a rash of " lose and found " sign for dog , human , and musical equipment in the past two year . something big be go on . I know it . SAM do you think any of it could be connect to Sarah ? comic man of course . Sam listen ... want to believe , but troubled by it all . he look at the life mask cover the wall . be this man sane ? be I ? comic man begin sorting through various issue of " under the Silver Lake " as he talk . comic man it could be a lot of thing . sex or drug trafficking . the Dog killer . cult of the whale . I do not know ... lately I just assume the owl 's kiss have something to do with everything . SAM I be not so sure about that . comic man stare Sam down - a little offended by he dismissal . comic man do you have a dollar bill on you ? SAM I might ... ( continued ) 46 57 . continued : ( 2 ) 46 Sam dig through he wallet and pull out a dollar . comic man take it , produce a magnify glass from the drawer he hold the glass over the dollar bill , steadying it on the coffee table . comic man take a look ... that 's the sign of the owl 's kiss . Sam lean in and look through the magnify glass . he see it . a tiny owl be visible , peek up from behind the crest of the top-right corner 's numeral one . comic man right there . on every dollar bill in this country . with every transaction we enter a pact to live by she law ... any household that eat , life and trade under she eye be subject to she jurisdiction . comic man hand the dollar back to Sam . he stare at the little bird , previously hide in he wallet . comic man we world be fill with code , pact user agreement and subliminal message . more enthusiastic , comic man grab pile of tear magazine page and ad from old playboys ... wave they in Sam 's face . comic man here ... and here ... and here ... symbol and word hide in print advertising ... Sam see advertisement with conceal word circle in red Magic marker ... power ... love ... sex ... freedom ! nake woman in the ice cube of soda pop ad ... woman 's mouth nearly fellate cheeseburger ... mae West in the camel cigarette logo ... dollar bill hide in the lettuce ... on and on ... ( continued ) 0 gi '' ou anywhere . hit bee with tangy tipalet cherry . or rich . grape -y tipalet burgusdy . or lescice tipalet blueberry , it 's Wild ! tipatet . it 's meew . different . oeticious in taste and in aroma . aputl in hee direction and she will follow you , asywhere . oh yes ... you get smoking satisfaction without inhale smoke . < ' — 2 smoker of America , thpalet thpalex I tipa do yourself a flavor . make you next cigarettes tipalet : 46 47 58 continued : ( 3 ) 46 comic man sexual innuendo connect with corporation ... and ideology that you assume you adopt through free will but be actually the result of hide message . SAM what if there be message that be not subliminal , but be mean only for certain people ? comic man of course . that 's as common as tit and hamburger . SAM really ? comic man yes. int . comic man' bedroom - day 47 comic man pull a wooden panel away from the wall , revealing a dark crawl space . dusty box be visible at the head of the narrow passageway . on one of the box , sit a surveillance monitor connect to a old vcr . comic man lean over and crawl into the secret open , disappear into the darkness . Sam look at the surveillance monitor and vcr . he see a live view of the live room , the backdoor and the side of the house nearest the garage . SAM what 's with the camera ? comic man I be try to protect myself . do you know how many people have die from the owl 's kiss ? SAM no. I do not . Sam look around at comic man 's bedroom . he glance at the action figure and the sketch chart the stage of the moon . ( continued ) 47 59 continued : 47 comic man I get the place wire up ... nobody get in here without I knowin' right ? Sam say nothing . he wait - look into the dark crawl space . comic man ( 0.s. ) ahhh . here it be . comic man crawl back into the light , wave a cereal BOX , triumphantly . comic man get it . get it . get it . comic man climb out and show Sam the box of moonstone cereal from the mid 70' . he spin it around and point at the East Los Angeles map on the back of the box . giant letter announce : treasure hunt ! fun prize ! Sam study the colorful map . cartoon character poke they head out of famous east side location . griffith Park observatory , etc ... comic man I buy this from another collector five year ago . I be convinced that this map be the key to everything I have be search for my whole life . SAM seriously ? comic man seriously . Sam point to the Contest Card on the side of the box - load with fine print . SAM I think all you have to do be mark down where the character be hide and send in you contest card . here . comic man sigh . ( continued ) 47 48 49 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 47 comic man it 's not about moonstone toy . this map be geographically to scale . from silverlake to the Hollywood Hills . it 's guide I somewhere important and one of this day I will crack it . comic man stare at Sam with a sweaty and strain face . Sam avoid eye contact . ext . sunset boulevard - day 48 Sam pass scooter girl and fedora man as he soak through he shirt - melting in the heat . he glance back , look at the hipster and homeless man on the sidewalk behind he . they be all wear similar hat . homeless man anybody spare some change ? please ? Sam divide and step through a enormous line extend out from the local intelligentsia coffee - all party stand on a long red carpet that end at the sunset gutter . everyone seem to know each other . a long line of feign surprise and big smile . pretty woman oh my gosh , honey , what be you do here ? another pretty woman just grab a afternoon coffee . smug man hey ! good to see you ... and on and on . Sam keep walk . everyone be beautiful ... or at least very , very interesting . ext . shakespeare bridge - dusk 49 griffith Park observatory be visible high above on the hillside . Sam cross a picturesque bridge , stare at the pretty house . he look around , glance back at the empty street . 50 61 . ext . bar buddy house - dusk 50 Sam walk up the sidewalk and see bar buddy smoking and drink on he porch . see Sam , he wave and approach , meeting in the driveway . bar buddy where 's you car ? SAM oh . it 's in the shop . get repaint from all that graffiti . bar buddy that 's what you get for drive that cockmobile . SAM I like my car . bar buddy I like my cock . I do not have to compensate for it . Sam ignore he friend , shaking he head . SAM do you hear about jefferson sevence ? bar buddy yeah they find he dead in he car last night . with three prostitute and a dog . SAM yeah I think Sarah be one of the prostitute . the dog be the same breed as hers and I see she hat ina crime scene bag on the news . bar buddy fuck . I be sorry , man . SAM thanks . I feel weird accept condolence . I barely know she . bar buddy you like she though . SAM mm hm . a little bit . ( continued ) 50 51 62. continued : 50 bar buddy so what be you gonna do now ? SAM I kinda wanna find out who kill she bar buddy be not that a little ... serious ? SAM I guess so . what else be I gonna do ? bar buddy I do not know . the two man chuckle to one another . bar buddy change the subject . bar buddy wanna see something cool ? SAM yeah . what be it ? bar buddy you gotta check out my drine . bar buddy point he thumb towards the backyard . SAM you what ? ext . bar buddy backyard - night 51 a medium-sized drone rise up from the center of the backyard . Silent like some future monster . its rotor spin . the black quadcopter house a state of the art camera system . the two man sit on the grass , in front of a laptop - which rest on a cheap fold chair . they head be tilt close . beer in hand . Sam watch the drine hover and soar through the neighborhood . disappear into the black sky . bar buddy operate the control from he laptop - piloting the drine . SAM shit . where do you get something like this ? ( continued ) 51 63 . continued : 51 bar buddy I get it on amazon . SAM hm . pogo , bar buddy 's golden retriever walk up to Sam through the grass . the dog lick he hand and arm . Sam pull away - a fake smile form . bar buddy notice and tug gently on he dog 's collar . bar buddy leave he alone , pogo . come here . pogo step away . bar buddy rub the dog 's head , petting he fondly . Sam relax . bar buddy look at that . silverlake from above . the drine soar over Los Angeles . transmit a blur of light , house , car and street . bar buddy sniff the air . something be afoul . he smell pogo 's fur . bar buddy Jesus , what 's that smell ? SAM it 's I . bar buddy oh . bar buddy accept the fact with a casual nod . he tap some button , watch the drine 's camera-relay next to the computer 's mapp system . the drine settles in place . bar buddy focus the camera on a large window overlook a canyon - some modern home in the hill . bar buddy ok . this be a good one . I have be scout house and I think this chick use to be in lingerie commercial . amazing body . ( continued ) 51 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 the drine 's camera show a empty , but bright live room . well decorate . bar buddy gotta be patient . bar buddy tap the edge of the chair in anticipation . SAM you ever feel like you fuck up somewhere a long time ago and you be live the wrong life ? or a bad version of the life you be suppose to have ? bar buddy you be fine . SAM no . I use to think I be gonna be someone that other people care about . maybe do something important ... bar buddy shit . everybody think that , but the world can not support it . somebody have to sweep the floor . this fuck up idea that life owe we a god damn good story be a bunch of crap . we be not all special and we be certainly not equal . that 's the biggest lie ever bar buddy look at Sam - see he beat expression . understand it . he put he hand on Sam 's shoulder . bar buddy everyone think they be go to be famous . narcissism and entitlement SAM look where we live . bar buddy and Sam look out into the night air . the cricket chirp . the wind blow through the tree . bar buddy it feel like there 's something darker under the surface . wait to come out . do you ever feel like that ? SAM yeah ... I think somebody 's follow I . ( continued ) 65 . 51 continued : ( 3 ) 51 bar buddy probably . bar buddy smile and start to laugh . bar buddy who be not be follow nowadays ? Sam laugh along with he friend . SAM no , but I feel like that a lot . even before all this craziness . bar buddy it 's the modern persecution complex . who need witch and werewolve anymore , now that we have computer ? everyone be suffer from mild paranoia . I do not think we fuckin ' monkey brain be comfortable know that they be interlinked and route together like some all know human brain . this shit cause delusion and fear , but we do not see it because we be too busy play " angry bird " . SAM I do not know . bar buddy persecution complex be just the opposite side of the spectrum from the privilege complex . it 's basically the dark mirror of we dream and aspiration . you think you be special and that secret and blessing have be plant in the world for you . the schizophrenic think that people be out to get they and that there 's a hide and dangerous world below the surface . this two path be more similar than anyone want to admit . persecution complex be the modern plague . it 's the universe balance thing out . two nearly middle - age man in undersized t-shirt sit on the grass in a dark backyard drink beer and huddle before a small monitor ... Sam lean in towards the screen - take note of the empty room . ( continued ) 51 52 53 66 . continued : ( 4 ) 51 SAM do not seem like she 's home . bar buddy everyone on the planet think that they be somehow the " choose one " . but they be also afraid the world might be out to get them . it 's the nature of thing anymore . it 's modern technology , it 's saturation of pop culture , it 's live in a world where ten year old can become sing superstar from they bedroom . SAM yeah , but that kid have real success . Real money . it be possible to get lucky and achieve a dream . do not that go against you whole thesis ? bar buddy no way . who care if five or ten people catch a break ? that 's like win a golden ticket into wonka - land . it 's appeasement . it 's fantasy . it 's the stuff dream be make of on the screen , they see a chesty woman walk into the room . she take she shirt off , revealing she bra . they watch in silence as she sit down in a chair and start to cry . bar buddy move the controller , turn the drine 's camera away from the sad woman 's window . SAM I be gonna take off . I will see ya soon . bar buddy be careful out there . Sam leave . ext . hollywood forever cemetery gate - night 52 Sam walk toward the cemetery entrance . hipster carry cheese plate , blanket and wine through the iron gate . ext . hollywood forever cemetery - night 53 Sam walk alone down a grave - line path . the air have cool ... ( continued ) 53 67 . continued : 53 pretty young woman walk through the cemetery in they summer clothes . orchestral score echoe - as though perform through a loudspeaker . dialogue from a film soundtrack carry across the graveyard . source unseen . we hear reverb-filled voice . much like the hollow sound hear when step into the back of a large movie theater mid-screen . as Sam step over the hill , he see hundred of people sit on the grass before a make - shift movie screen . a film be be project onto the back wall of a mausoleum . picnic blanket and lawn chair fill the space . Sam step to the rear of the crowd , and watch the film . a quiet scene in some suburban backyard . a young mid-western girl smoke a cigarette and flirt with a teenage boy . her friend watch from a lawn chair opposite she . the pixie girl with the seberg-haircut flash a star-make smile . Sam look through the crowd . no one familiar . he make he way toward a tree-line path , glance back at the film . onscreen , a pig-taile teen girl frown while talk to she boyfriend . sad but photogenic eye . her soft voice echos across the graveyard . Sam notice a man with a diamond grill smoking pot with two pretty young woman . he have he arm around they like trophy . they lean together against a thick -stump tombstone . diamond grill ( laugh in distance ) two for one month , right ? walk closer along the path , Sam recognize they . it 's the two girl from the movie . older now , but recognizably the same . a regular pair of shoot star . they hair be style exactly as it be in the film be show tonight . they attire be nearly inappropriate - like some bad hipster variation on jodie Foster 's wardrobe from taxi Driver . ( continued ) 53 68 . continued : ( 2 ) 53 SAM hey . you be the girl . in the movie . shoot STAR # 2 flip a pig tail over she shoulder and take a puff from the joint . shoot STAR # 1 yeah . shoot STAR # 2 that 's we . the girl smile and stare at Sam through stone eye . diamond grill ignore he , smoking he joint and touch the girl ' face . SAM Nice to meet you . shoot STAR # 2 thank you . shoot STAR # 1 smile and nod , look down at the ground with a shy shuffle . her short seberg-hair catch the light . shoot STAR # 1 do you like the movie ? SAM um ... yeah ... I just get here , but I be sure it 's ... shoot Star # 2 notice a scent wafting by . she sniff the air - interrupt . shoot STAR # 2 gosh , do ya smell that ? Sam take a deep breath . shoot STAR # 1 smell like skunk and ... pot the seberg-girl display a exaggerated grimace . too pouty for a grow woman . SAM Los Angeles be fill with skunk . especially the east side . diamond grill we should get go . ( continued ) 53 54 55 69 . continued : ( 3 ) 53 shoot STAR # 1 ok . diamond Grill lead they toward a limousine , park along the inner drive . they stumble in they heel , under the influence . Sam watch they climb inside , slumping together across leather seat . Light music emanate . a man 's head peek out from within the dark limo . it 's the hipster pirate . Sam react - take a step closer . the door shut . slam ! the limousine accelerate down the cemetery road , disappear around the corner . behind Sam , on the mausoleum wall , the short haire girl smile and flirt with a small town boy . ext . cemetery mausoleum - night 54 Sam walk up to a tuxedo bouncer stand before a roped - off doorway . potte plant and Saint statue flank the edge of this marble entrance . a elegantly design cardboard floor- sign announce : summertime secret show ! the rumble of music can be hear from inside . Sam hold up he cookie invitation . tuxedo bouncer examine it and nod he head . he eye Sam with displeasure . tuxedo bouncer you gotta take a bite before I can let you in . Sam look at the bouncer 's face . he 's quite serious . Sam shrug and shove the entire cookie in he mouth . int . mausoleum party - night 55 Sam make he way through a deep crowd , milling about within the large mausoleum hall . Waitress carry drink and hor d'oeuvre to the young and fashionable crowd . ( continued ) 55 70 . continued : 55 look over head and shoulder , Sam see the small stage near a row of shrine . spotlight illuminate the main attraction . meek bride stand on the stage , dress in she 20' gown and 80' tennis shoe . she lean forward and speak quietly into the microphone like a cute mouse - nervously press she dress down onto she knee . meek bride thank you everybody for be here . I want to dedicate this first song to the man who teach I everything I know . this song be for Jesus . the small piece orchestra sit in the shadow of the stage begin to play . a sad and slow version of a famous tune . to Sir with Love ... meek bride ( sing ) that schoolgirl day of tell tale and bite nail be go . but in my mind I know they will still live on and on ... the man in the room watch with wistful eye and deep long . Sam watch the bride perform , simultaneously eyeing the crowd . meek bride ( sing ) but how do you thank someone who have take you from crayon to perfume ? it be not easy , but I will try ... Sam hear a woman 's voice behind he ... record girl record ?... record ?... record ? Sam turn and see record girl hand out sample album to the party - goer . record girl wear a 1930 's cigarette girl outfit - carry a wooden tray fill with double stack 45s of the newest Jesus and the bride of dracula single . she 's straight out of cocoanut Grove . the girl hold she tray of record out before Sam - offer he one . ( continued ) 71 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 record girl record ? Sam take one and look at the cover , smile quickly to the girl . SAM thank you . on stage , meek bride continue to sing like a sad angel . meek bride ( sing ) if you want the sky , I would write across the sky in letter that would soar a thousand foot high .... to sir with looooove ... make he way to the bar , Sam notice he friend Allen chat with a cute bartender . he walk up and shake the man 's hand . SAM how 's it go ? allen work be good . floatin ' along . you know . SAM yeah . I get it . Sam signal the bartender . she lean in . SAM ( to bartender ) Jack on the rock , please . allen you find that girl you be lookin ' for ? SAM no . not yet . allen I will keep a eye out . Three hot girl in a rabbit . Sam smile and nod . he pass some cash to the bartender and sip he drink . ( continued ) 72 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 SAM um ... have you notice anything strange go on in this whole circle of friend ? anything out of the ordinary ? allen that 's kind of everyday , right ? SAM no. I know . I mean ... extra strange . allen last week , this girl I hook up with ... she be fuck up out of she mind ... say some weird stuff about Jesus and the bride . SAM like what ? Allen look around , then lean in close to Sam . allen that there 's a message in the music . Allen grin , tapping he finger on the record in Sam 's hand . Sam glance at the sleeve . Jesus and the bride pose together like a post- modern perfume ad . SAM like a secret message ? Allen smile , laugh about the idea . allen uh huh . SAM what 's it say ? allen I do not have a clue , man . SAM who 's this girl ? allen just one of the many . you know . SAM right . ( continued ) 55 73. continued : ( 4 ) 55 allen crazy make for good sex . remember that . Allen look Sam in the eye , smile and pat he on the shoulder . he notice a group of mustachioe muscular man in mesh shirt pass by . Allen wave and smile , step away from Sam to engage he friend in a series of complicated hand shake and man hug . Sam watch Allen disappear into the crowd . meek bride ( sing ) I would rather you let I give my heart ... to sir with looooove ... balloon girl bump against Sam , wear a italian - chic summer dress with sandal - look like a object of infatuation from a old rohmer film from the mid 70' . she lean against the bar - she bare shoulder touch Sam 's arm . he look at she face . SAM I hardly recognize you without you balloon . balloon girl shake she head with a small grin . balloon girl you see that ? SAM uh huh . the pretty girl point at the drink in Sam 's hand . balloon girl would you buy I one ? SAM sure . Sam look to the bartender SAM one more . balloon girl thanks . ( continued ) 55 56 74 continued : ( 5 ) 55 Sam pull the final twenty dollar bill from he wallet and pay for the drink . balloon girl smell something funny , but say nothing . SAM can I ask you a question ? balloon girl yeah . Sam show balloon girl he photo of Sarah , set it down on the bar . SAM do you ever see she around ? balloon girl nod she head . yup . balloon girl Sarah . SAM you know what happen to she ? Sam hand balloon girl she whiskey . she take a drink . balloon girl come with I . balloon girl grab Sam 's hand and pull he through the crowd . SAM where be we go ? balloon girl the basement . int . mausoleum stairwell - night 56 balloon girl hop down the stone step , drag Sam behind she . balloon girl it 's " old music night " at the crypt club . she reach a thick wooden door and knock hard against it . a tiny slot open , revealing a peer eye . door guard what 's the password ? ( continued ) 56 57 75 . continued : 56 balloon girl tricycle bicycle . the door open and balloon girl pull Sam into the dark room . int . crypt club - night 57 cigarette smoke fill the cavernous crypt club . Rough stone wall , curtain booth , and tombstone table surround the dance floor . Music thump as the crowd hop and sway to a classic pop tune . something recognizable from the 1990' . Sam and balloon girl be sit together at one of the table - they drink and elbow rest on a perfect replica of jayne mansfield 's tombstone . the pair share a cigarette - take turn with they drag . they shout over the painfully loud music . converse ! balloon girl ( look at Sarah 's photo ) I do not know she very well , but she be around ! I see she at party and show and stuff ! I do not know what happen to she , but I can tell you it do not have anything to do with my friend ! we be just enjoy we world , enjoy we body , enjoy we music ... ! Sam hold up he 45 record , display the cover of Jesus and the bride . he point to it as he talk . SAM I hear people say that there 's some kind of code or secret message in they music ! balloon girl laugh . balloon girl I be pretty sure that 's not true ! Jesus would not hide a message in a message ! Sam say nothing as he nod . he take a drag of he cigarette . ballon girl slide the photo across the table to he . balloon girl there 's nothing to solve , you know ?! it 's silly to put so much energy into something that do not matter ! ( continued ) 57 76 . continued : 57 balloon girl reach into she dress and pull out a piece of flaccid red rubber . she hold the balloon up to she mouth and blow into it . balloon girl we have this tiny window where we can have fun and fuck and and be free ... ! tying it off with she finger , the girl raise up the inflate balloon and move she cigarette closer and closer to it . balloon girl life be too short , right ?! balloon girl press the cigarette against the rubber , pop the balloon in she hand . she smile to Sam . Sam take a gulp of he drink , eyeing balloon girl with curiosity . a powerful and loud power chord blast from the club 's speaker . it 's rem 's " what 's the frequency Kenneth " . SAM come on ! I wanna dance to this ! balloon girl I do not know this song ! SAM come on ! on the dance floor , under the strobing light , the pair begin to feel the music . the energy of it . SAM ( sing along ! ) I would study you cartoon , radio , music , tv , movie , magazine ... Richard say , " withdrawal in disgust be not the same as apathy " ... Sam dance wildly to the song - a giant grin rarely see in the context of this story . he dance , jump and swing he arm like a whirling and mad Michael stipe . the girl laugh joyfully along with Sam . SAM ( sing along ) " what 's the frequency , Kenneth ? " be you benzedrine , uh-huh ... ( more ) ( continued ) 57 58 77 . continued : ( 2 ) 57 SAM ( cont would ) Butterfly decal , rear-view mirror dogging the scene ... you smile like the cartoon , tooth for a tooth ... you say that irony be the shackle of youth ... Sam dance and stare into the girl 's beautiful but young face . she move to the beat ... though clearly unfamiliar with the tune or the lyric he 's chant . Sam be the only one sing along , but he do not care . they be separate by age and the ever shifting tectonic plate of pop culture . the dance floor be half full . most of the crowd sway casual and cool . Sam and balloon girl smile and jump , shaking along with the heavily tremoloe chord - use they power to remain unique and alive . balloon girl we should fuck ! SAM yes ! Sam 's world grow large . the crowd twist and transform . Color stretch into unbelievable hue . Sam grab he face . rub he eye . his leg grow weak . he turn and stagger off the dance floor . balloon girl follow . balloon girl what 's wrong ?! SAM I feel really strange ! balloon girl how much of the cookie do you eat ?! SAM the whole thing ! balloon girl shit ! int . club bathroom - night 58 Sam vomit into the toilet . loud and terrible . 59 60 61 78. int . crypt club - night 59 Sam walk out of the bathroom - dizzy . he hold he head - nauseous and pale - as he scan the crowd . his table be empty . balloon girl be go . SAM fuck I . near the entrance , he see Troy , one of the rabbit convertible girl . as he step closer , focus he eye , Troy spot he and push through the crowd - rush out the door . Sam follow - pick up the pace . ext . hollywood forever cemetery - night 60 Sam chase the girl through the dark cemetery . SAM hey ! wait ! Troy be quick . she dart between the grave and tree . Sam dodge and leap in pursuit . a long stretch of open grass separate they . Sam kick into high gear . his breathe intensify . sweat everywhere . he get closer and closer , stare ahead at the girl sprinting along in she jean short . everything start to slow down ... turn purple ... then black ... Sam fall to the ground - hold he head . darkness . ext . hollywood forever cemetery - morning 61 Morning bird chirp . Ring . ring. buzz. buzz . Sam open he eye and lift he cell phone to he face . he 's lay in the grass , just below a tombstone . beer and wine bottle litter the ground . Sam answer , rub he head . pain . ( continued ) 61 continued : 79 . 61 SAM hi , mom . mom hello ! I be so glad you pick up . I have good news . remember I tell you about that Janet gaynor movie ? SAM uh huh . mom well ... I tape it for you , and I be gonna send it in the mail , but I want to make sure you have a vcr . SAM it 's not hook up , but I have one . if you send the tape , I can watch it . Old woman and old man walk through the cemetery with somber expression . they clothes and outfit be identical match to several of the outfit wear by the young woman and man in this same place the night before . all this old hat and colorful slack ... utility over fashion ... fashion over utility ... utility over fashion ... mom oh good . I just think it would be something nice to share . she 's soooo lovely . I feel connect to she . be that silly ? SAM no , mom . Sam watch the senior go about they business deliver flower to distant grave . mom well I will not keep you . I know how busy you be . but I love you . SAM I love you too . mom bye . SAM bye . ( continued ) 61 62 63 80 . continued : ( 2 ) 61 Sam hang up the phone . he lift he head and look at the tombstone before he .. Janet gaynor 1906-1984 Sam see a empty beer bottle sit atop the gravestone . he stare at it , shaking he head . Sam pull himself up , grab the bottle and throw it angrily into the far-off tree . wait for it ... a tiny and soft sound - the crush of glass in the distance . ext . los feliz boulevard - morning 62 Sam pass by the contact lens billboard . he stare up at the beautiful indian woman with sparkling eye . she watch over the road and smile . I can see clearly now int . sam' apartment - day 63 warping sound and scramble music surround we ... Sam sit on the floor , listen . a bag of Trader Joe 's freeze veggy on he head . a old hardcover version of " the code - breaker " sit nearby . the turntable play the Jesus and the bride of dracula 45 record backwards . strange sound emanate from the speaker . demonic ? certainly odd . no word or message . Sam listen . stare at the speaker across from he . SAM there 's nothing in here . lift the needle on the turntable , Sam adjust the rotation . he lower the arm and play the record properly . a familiar tune bathes the room in hi-fi glory and well design indie-rock . you and I ... turn like tooth ... loving beneath ... ( continued ) 63 64 81 . continued : 63 the surface ... Sam scribbles the lyric down on a empty tomato-stained pizza box with a black sharpie marker . int . sam' apartment - dusk 64 Sam and bar buddy sit in front of the television play Super mario bros on the 8 - bit nintendo . Sam be flipping through a stack of old nintendo power magazine - read about cheat and tip . they be eat a fresh pizza from tomato pie . bar buddy I know that book . bar buddy point at Sam 's " code - breaker " book sit next to the old lyric-cover pizza box . SAM yeah . I steal that from the library when I be ten year old . I think it be the coolest thing ever . bar buddy listen , guide he luigi across the side -scroll world . SAM I just remember sit in my room , and make up my own weird little code and secret language ... it feel like there be so much mystery in the world ... thing to be figure out and solve ... the friend nod . he understand and relate . bar buddy a entire generation of man obsessed with video game , secret code , and space alien . bar buddy 's luigi be hit by a twirling hammer SAM I could not tell you how many night I spend walk around the wood wait for some magical alien to follow I home and be my friend . bar buddy smile and laugh . Sam grin back , concentrate now on the game . he guide mario along a dangerous path . bar buddy we crave mystery , because there be not any leave . ( continued ) 64 82 . continued : 64 the neighbor 's parrot scream something unintelligible in the distance . neither Sam nor bar buddy notice . bar buddy there 's nothing that have not be explain away or solve by people and machine smarter than we will ever be . Sam continue play , make a complicated series of jump . bar buddy listen , a hundred year ago , any idiot could wander into the wood and look behind a rock and find something new ... but not now . mario hit a hide block . a fire flower grow from within it . bar buddy where be the thing that 's never be see ? the mystery that make it all worth while ? Sam control he character , destroy several goombas and a piranha Plant with he fireballs . bar buddy why do you think so many of we be out look for the fuck Loch ness monster ? alien ? bigfoot ? we do not want to accept that we be useless . even though we be . modern man need mystery . we need to believe that there 's something worth find . on screen , Sam 's mario sink down into a secret green sewer pipe - accompany by a sound effect - the sound of discovery . SAM twist the candelabra and the bookcase open . bar buddy yup . up-up-down-down - left-right - leave - right -b-a . that 's we mantra . how do we get ahead ? what 's the cheat code ? where 's my monogramm secret treasure ? bar buddy chuckle to himself . Sam smile . bar buddy any luck find out who kill Sarah ? ( continued ) 64 65 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 SAM not yet , but I be gettin ' there . int . sam' bedroom - night 65 Sam lay out a playboy centerfold , a Victoria 's secret catalogue , a urban outfitter catalogue , Sarah 's photo , a people magazine , and a open hustler on the bed around he . he start to masturbate , flipping through the newest LA weekly . Sam stare at a image of the bride of dracula . they eye appear to stare back at he . a sexual understanding between a photograph and a man . Sam stroke himself , glance at the other image ... a naked penny Baker from 1984 ... a submerge and nude Carol Willis from 1970 ... a modern supermodel in a purple bra ... a sardonic hippy chick in tight red jeans ... Sarah in she white hat ... Mrs. sevence and millicent , cry on the cover of people ... a giant breast porn star ... continue to pleasure himself , Sam flip the page of the LA weekly to the smut section in the back of the paper . stripper and whore . phone number for escort and sex chat . Sam notice a quarter page advertisement feature the smile face of several pretty young woman . different than the average stripper or sex ad . Sam look down at the girl ' face . he 's see this girl before . very short hair on one . pigtail on the other it 's the two shoot Star girl from the cemetery movie . Sam stop jerk off and examine the ad more closely . it read : shoot Star escort enjoy the company of Hollywood 's up and come ingenue grab hold of a shoot Star tonight ! ( continued ) 65 66 67 84 . continued : 65 call now Sam grab he cellphone . int . sam' apartment - night 66 Sam press play on he CD player . " modern Love " by David bowie play loudly . Sam sway along with the beat . SAM ( sing along ) I know when to go out ... and when to stay in ... get thing do ... Sam dance to he door . he open it and lean outside . no one 's there . leave the door ajar , Sam step back into he apartment . he grab a beer from the fridge while dance to the tune . SAM ( sing along ) I catch a paper boy , but thing do not really change . I be stand in the wind , but I never wave bye- bye ... but itry ... I try ... sipping from the can , Sam dance back to the doorway . he peek out again and see shoot Star # 1 , the short - haire ingenue , walk delicately into the lamp light towards he front door shoot Star # 1 see Sam and smile with a little wave . she 's dress provocatively in a white dress . shoot STAR # 1 hey ! it 's you . int . sam' apartment - night 67 " modern Love " be still play . Sam sit on the couch watch the young woman wander around he live room . shoot Star # 1 look at the knick knack and poster , run she hand over thing .... examine and admire the oddity . Sam stare at she as she stand on tiptoe to see the book on he shelf . SAM ( sing along quietly ) God and man , no confession ... God and man , no religion ... God and man , do not believe in ... modern Love ... ( continued ) 67 85 . continued : 67 shoot STAR # 1 what do you do ? SAM nothing . shoot STAR # 1 I mean for work . SAM oh God ... that 's all I ever hear . how 's work ? workin ' hard ? Works good ? shoot Star # 1 roll she eye . shoot STAR # 1 people have to work . Sam nod , turn down the music with the remote . SAM be not you in movie though ? why be you do this ? shoot STAR # 1 you know , I make one little indie movie - do not make a penny off it . I move out and here and I be waitress . I could barely pay rent . you know how expensive it be here ? SAM I do . the young woman begin to unbutton she dress with a grin ... shoot STAR # 1 ( put on a show ) you want a blow job from the support actress Academy Award nominee from last year ? call shoot Star . she start to shift and pull down on she cotton dress . shoot STAR # 1 ( put on a show ) you wanna go down on the girlfriend of the lead character from you favorite sitcom ? call shoot Star . shoot Star # 1 take a step closer to Sam , still undress . ( continued ) 67 86 . continued : ( 2 ) 67 shoot STAR # 1 ( put on a show ) you wanna fuck a it girl ? it 's not that hard . with she she bra strap reveal , the girl point at Sam . shoot STAR # 1 youuuu be a patron of the art ... and I can pay my bill . Sam laugh . the shoot Star smile and laugh along . she pull she dress down , step over it with she heel . shoot STAR # 1 you give they you credit card , right ? the young woman stand before Sam in she bra and panty . SAM uh huh . shoot Star # 1 walk over to Sam . she lean forward and rub she hand through he hair - she chest close to he face . SAM can I ask you something ? shoot STAR # 1 ( whisper ) shhhhhhhh . shoot Star # 1 rub she hand down Sam 's head to he back and shoulder . the young woman sway a bit to the music . SAM it 's nothing bad ... I be wonder ... last night at the cemetery ... who be the pirate- look guy in the limo ? shoot STAR # 1 I have no idea . the girl lower herself down against Sam . brush she leg against he crotch . she move slowly , shifting into some form of a lap dance . SAM you do not know he name ? the short haire beauty continue to rotate she body in minor circle - slightly seductive pivot . ( continued ) 87 . 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 shoot STAR # 1 no . he be ... anonymous . SAM you do not know anything about he ? shoot STAR # 1 eh eh. shoot Star # 1 stare directly at Sam , offer he a sweet and innocent look of naivete . a shoulder shrug and a pout . shoot STAR # 1 you have any food ? SAM there 's pizza in the fridge . the girl open the fridge and pull a slice from the cardboard box inside . she scan the photo and picture hang from magnet along the door of the icebox . take a bite of pizza , shoot Star # 1 look at a production photo from " something 's get to give " . in it , Marilyn Monroe swim nude in a very blue pool - stare back at the camera with seductive eye . Sam watch the girl from across the room as she notice something else on the counter . shoot Star # 1 lift up the photo of Sarah , hold it out toward Sam . shoot STAR # 1 I know this girl . SAM really ? how do you know she ? shoot STAR # 1 she be at this party I go toa couple year ago . shoot Star # 1 walk over , bring the picture with she . she sit down next to Sam , gobble she food . SAM do you talk to she ? shoot STAR # 1 no . that would have be impossible . the girl laugh and continue . ( continued ) 88 . 67 continued : ( 4 ) 67 shoot STAR # 1 she be in this glass cube in the middle of a live room . some kind of bad performance art I guess . she be just sit on a stool in a dalmation fur bathing suit . not move or make eye contact . this drunk old man keep tapping the glass but she would not budge . SAM how do you end up there ? shoot Star run she hand over Sam 's lap . she flirt and tease as she talk . shoot STAR # 1 this asshole producer . he bring I and a few other girl as he date . SAM what 's he name ? shoot STAR # 1 I do not remember ... he make that big action movie base on household clean product . SAM ok . I know who you be talk about . shoot Star # 1 lay back , put she head in Sam 's lap . shoot STAR # 1 so we get to this place and they let we in the gate . they check we id 's , we just wander the street of this luxury neighborhood ... walk into whatever house we want , whatever room we want . there 's food everywhere . music. dancer . craziness . it be this big open party , like straight outta gatsby . SAM wow . who 's place be it ? shoot STAR # 1 no one ever say . it be really weird . but at the end of the block , the biggest house on the block , this grey stone mansion ... ( more ) ( continued ) 67 68 89 . continued : ( 5 ) 67 shoot STAR # 1 ( cont would ) we be not allow to go near it . it be the only place off limit . SAM fuck . shoot Star press she head back against Sam 's crotch with a know grin . she roll she head in place . shoot STAR # 1 when I be clean up in the bathroom , I hear some girl gossipe about the place . one of them say she would hear it be own by some songwriter SAM must have be some song . shoot STAR # 1 no shit . the pair begin to kiss . int . sam' apartment - morning 68 Sam sit on he balcony with he Martin acoustic guitar . he strum a few familiar chord , then glance down at the lyric - cover pizza box . Sam take he sharpie and scribbles the chord - name above the lyric . it 's the music for " turn teeth " by Jesus and the bride of dracula . across the courtyard , topless Bird woman wash she patio door with windex . her parrot caw loudly . parrot luddafemmmbbbbbb ! Sam move he finger over the fret board . he strum lightly - bring the song to life . Sam begin to sing or half - sing the word ... SAM you and I ... turn like tooth ... loving beneath ... the surface ... stop again , Sam stare down at he finger - stretch across the fret . he repeat the pattern , arpeggiate the chord , and watch he finger placement . ( continued ) 68 69 70 71 72 90 . continued : Sam jump up and move inside he apartment . int . sam' apartment - morning sitting on the floor , and use another pizza box as a sketch pad , Sam write out the chord as tablature . he simply write out the chord formation in a numeric form in reference to they place on the fret board . Sam count off the number as he move through the various part of the song - jotting each down on the box . int . sam' apartment - day Sam lay on the couch . holding the tablature - fill pizza box over he head . he stare up at the number , turn the box in a circle . look for a way in . int . sam' apartment - day Sam sit near the window read " the code - breaker " . the turntable be on , play the 45 once more . he flip a page and look down at the chapter head : the anatomy of cryptology Sam continue to read . int . sam' apartment - late day sitting on the carpet , with the guitar in he lap , Sam lift up the 45 record sleeve . he look at Jesus and the bride then turn it over , examine the track list and liner note . Sam look at the first number on he box . it 's the number 3 . he look back at the liner note . start from the first letter of the first word , Sam count forward three letter . he end up on the letter R. Sam write this down on the box . R look to the next number , he repeat the process , move through the chord and the word on the record sleeve . a message begin to form . rub D faster and faster , Sam move through the word , count in . he 's deeper and closer than before . as he work , Jesus and the bride sing they beautiful melody . ( continued ) 68 69 70 71 72 72 73 91 . continued : 72 the neighbor 's parrot screech and call out for something indistinguishable . Sam scratch he marker across the cardboard ... finally ... he stop . Sam look down at the pizza box ... at the message below he ... rub deans head and wait under newton Sam stare at the message scribble in sharpie . a mix of print and cursive . SAM ( to himself ) rub dean head and wait under newton ? what the fuck do that mean ? Sam stand up and rub he head . he walk to the glass patio door and look out . he stare at the topless Bird woman as she clean one of the many cage . Sam lean close and breathes against the glass . a small circle of moisture form near he nose and mouth . SAM Dean ... Dean Martin . Dean koontz . Harry Dean stanton . Richard Dean Anderson . Dean stockwell . James dean. Sam ponder he thought . consider the possibility . tapping he finger against the glass . a idea form . Sam look up past the tree to the blue sky above . SAM James Dean 's head . hah ! Sam grin to himself , nodd . ext . griffith park trail - late day 73 the landscape be wide and bright under the late afternoon sun . Sam walk alone up a dusty trail surround by wild grass . here in the hill , the city be below he . so much blue sky overhead . Sam look up toward the gleam white structure at the hill 's peak . the griffith observatory . ( continued ) 73 74 75 92 . continued : 73 Sam trudge higher and higher . ext . griffith park observatory courtyard - late day 74 emerging from the steep bank along the front of the observatory , Sam look across the serene courtyard fill with tourist and day tripper . he approach the James Dean statue along the side wall , face the Hollywood sign . Sam stand before the bust commemorate " rebel without a Cause " . he look from side to side . be anyone watch ? SAM ( whisper to himself ) rub Dean 's head ... Sam reach out and place he hand on James Dean 's head . he rub the statue , look around for some kind of reaction . nothing seem to happen . Sam rub it once more for luck . turn around , Sam step up to the astronomer 's monument across from the main entrance . he circle the stone pillar read the name 's around the base . copernicus ... Galileo ... kepler ... Newton ... Sam stop and stare at the marble figure represent Newton . SAM ( whisper to himself ) rub Dean 's head and sit under Newton . Sam smile to himself and shrug as he sit down on the grass , lean he back against the base of the monument . he sit and watch the tourist and local visitor pass . families and young people . the sun shine brightly . ext . griffith park observatory courtyard - dusk 75 Sam rest against the statue . his head be slump to the side . the horizon be now a purple and orange swathe of cotton . the courtyard be nearly empty . from the hillside , Sam notice a dirty old homeless man walk toward he . the homeless king stop in front of Sam and look down . ( continued ) 75 76 77 93 . continued : 75 homeless king I see you rub the statue 's head . SAM uh huh . the homeless man toss a dirty handkerchief down onto Sam 's lap . homeless king put that over you eye and I will bring you where you be look to go . SAM who be you ? homeless king I be the homeless King . SAM really ? homeless king yes . we watch from a distance as Sam tie the blindfold over he eye . the homeless King offer a arm , help he stand . the two man make they way slowly toward the trail , arm in arm . ext . griffith park trail - dusk 76 the homeless King lead Sam down the hillside . Sam walk tentatively , still blindfolded by the dirty rag . SAM where be we go ? Sam 's foot slip on the loose dirt . the old man keep he steady . homeless king just concentrate on walk , ok ? SAM ok . a woman jogger pass the man without a second glance . Music blast from she headphone . ext . griffith park wood - dusk 77 move through a patch of large tree , the homeless King guide Sam over the grass . ( continued ) 94 . 7 continued : 77 they step very slowly - the gentle snap of twig and the crunching of leave under the darken sky . homeless king some people do not realize this about themselves , but ... you do not have a good smell about you . do you know that ? SAM I do know that . but thank you . they shuffle along - deeper into the forest . 78 ext . griffith park clearing - dusk 78 a family wrap up they food from a nearby picnic table . the site of a child 's birthday party . a few balloon , tie to a bucket , drift in the evening breeze . no one pay any attention to the blindfolded man and he flea - bitten guide . the homeless King lead Sam past a tip - over trash can . a small coyote dig through the waste - he nose sifting through old hot dog bun and Zesty Taco dorito . Sam hear the animal howling nearby . SAM be that a dog ? homeless king it 's a coyote . SAM it 's not gonna bite I , right ? homeless king no. coyotes be bless creature . if you ever find yourself alone with a coyote , you do not run away ... you follow it and see where it take you . Sam say nothing . they continue to walk . 79 ext . griffith park wood - night 79 the homeless King turn a lever , open a rusty metal hatch . ( continued ) 79 80 95 . continued : 79 homeless king people think that we own this land . the street , and yard and hill and the house and the cave ... he guide Sam into the dark passage . int . tunnel entrance - continuous 80 the homeless King stand behind Sam , lead he deeper . homeless king everything belong to the coyote . they be just let we use it . the homeless King pull the blindfold off of Sam 's face . Sam look around . he 's stand inside a dim stone corridor . a narrow tunnel descend deep into darkness . behind the homeless guide , Sam see a patch of evening light pour in from the small hatch . the forest be beyond . SAM where be we ? the homeless King exhales . homeless king you know I can not tell you that . SAM sure . of course . homeless king ok. well ... the homeless King extend he arm out , suggest that Sam begin he descent . SAM this way ? the old man nod he head as Sam walk down the sloping stone tunnel . he run he hand along the wall as he move further from the entrance . intermittent floor-lights , cement into the wall , illuminate he path . the hatch close with a clang . Sam glance back . the homeless King be go . Sam turn and continue deeper into the tunnel . 81 82 83 96 . int . tunnel - night 81 Sam follow the chisele path . the stone wall open up a bit - continue to descend . int . tunnel - night 82 Sam turn a corner and see a long expanse of branching tunnel . each drop lower into darkness . Sam choose one and walk deeper . he begin to reach additional pathway and optional turn . it resemble a maze . look to he side , Sam see long expanse of square - cut tunnel sweeping into the earth . concrete corridor similar to that find at a sport stadium . he turn a corner ... and then another ... all sense of direction be lose . earthen wall and sloping floor . finally ... Sam see a large stone doorway ahead . int . large tunnel room - night 83 enter the enormous room , Sam be surround by roughly paint dry wall , expose rebar , construction marking , and nail - fill wooden beam . in the center of the room be a long dining table with no chair . it 's cover in the dust of concrete . thick wooden crate line the inner wall . they be label as such ... food . water. battery . towel . liquor walk further into the giant space , Sam pass a rough - out kitchen area with a massive refrigerator a generator be visible behind a unfinish wall . Inside the bathroom be a tub with gold fixture , a shower and a dead - end pipe - plumbing for a eventual toilet . stepping into a third concrete- wall room , Sam see a spray - paint mark on the floor , designate the location for a bed . a giant recess in the wall suggest the inclusion of some large format television . ( continued ) 83 84 85 86 87 88 97 . continued : 83 Sam look around at the odd live quarter ... SAM it 's a fuckin ' bomb shelter int . tunnel - night 84 Sam follow a long corridor upwards . each tired step bring he closer to some sort of imagine surface . Higher and higher he walk through the stone tunnel . his face be weary . int . tight crawl space - night 85 Sam inch he way through a dark shaft . his arm be pin close to the narrow side wall . sharp - cut stone rub against he shoulder . a tiny speck of light be visible ahead . he hear music . muzak ? int . gelson' dairy cooler - morning 86 Sam 's hand rise up from between the metal floor grate . milk carton and frost dairy rack litter the chill cooler Sam lift the grate up and set it aside on the tile . he climb out of the tight crawl - space and look around . it 's a supermarket . Fucking gelson' . Sam laugh to himself . muzak play from the store speaker : a soften , instrumental version of Jesus and the bride 's of dracula 's hit single . Sam put the floor grate back in place , and snatch a bottle of milk . exhausted and thirsty , he take a big drink int . gelson' supermarket - morning 87 Sam wipe off he milk mustache as he stumble through a bright aisle of food - milk bottle in hand . ext . comic man' STREET - morning 88 Sam see a police car park in comic man 's driveway . he stare at it , while approach the front porch . a cop step out of the backyard , wave Sam away from the house . cop hey ... um ... you can not go in there . ( continued ) 88 89 90 91 98. continued : 88 SAM what 's go on ? cop be you a friend or family ? SAM I just know the guy ... not very well ... cop the neighbor find he . he commit suicide . SAM oh my God . he do not seem suicidal . the cop debate answer .... co p ahhhh ... I have be in the man 's house for two hour . there be something wrong with he . Sam nod . what else can he say ? ext . comic man' STREET - morning 89 further down the street , Sam hide behind some bush - spying on the police . he watch the cop car pull out of the driveway and cruise off . Sam cut behind some hedge , sneaking into the nearest backyard . ext . comic man' backyard - morning 90 Sam pries open comic man 's kitchen window . int . comic man' bedroom - morning 91 Sam stand in the doorway of the bedroom . the sheet be cover in blood stain . the bed appear wet . removing the secret panel from the wall , Sam crouch before the security monitor and vcr . he start to rewind the tape . wait , Sam notice the moonstone cereal box sit near the monitor . he glance at the East Los Angeles map on back treasure hunt ! fun prize ! ( continued ) 91 92 99 . continued : 91 the tape whirl and spin . Sam press play and watch the security camera footage . a onscreen clock read : 3:00 am dull shot of dim and empty room . nothing happen . something catch Sam 's eye . there 's movement on the screen . a woman climb through the side window of the live room - foot and leg first . the movement of a dancer SAM ohhhh fuck . Sam watch the monitor - transfix and disturb by the odd image . onscreen be a beautiful woman - naked except for she owl - skin cap , red lipstick and overgrown bush . the owl' kiss walk carefully , nearly creep across the live room . she step out of frame on she way to the bedroom . Sam stare in surprise and a bit of horror he rewind the tape , watch the owl 's kiss enter one more time . a dangle foot connect to a face of taxidermied bird skin . Sam press pause - freezing the naked figure mid-step - in all she disturbing glory . ext . comic man' STREET - morning 92 gripping the old moonstone cereal box in he hand , Sam rush down the street - frighten . he appear more mad than usual by the light of day . Sam hold he cell phone up to he ear SAM Allen ! allen ( over the phone ) hey sir . how be you ? SAM I be fine . mostly fine . um ... I be wonder if you might know how I can get in touch with Jesus ? ( continued ) 92 93 94 100 . continued : 92 allen ( over the phone ) I be the wrong guy to ask SAM the lead singer from the band . allen ( over the phone ) no , I know . I be just fuck with you . what be you do right now ? SAM walk home . allen ( over the phone ) you play chess ? SAM not well . allen ( over the phone ) that ' 11 work . I will be outside you place in ten minute . a dog bark loudly from behind a fence . Sam step quickly - eye darting around the serene neighborhood . int . allen be car - morning 93 still in the same clothes , look sweaty and terrible , Sam sit in the passenger seat of Allen 's beat - up Ford focus . Allen turn the car , drive into a rich neighborhood off hillhurst . allen he 's just some cable tv actor who like to have people around ... throw this chess party ... with hot chick and guy who like to play chess . Allen pull up in front of a modest white mansion near the Greek theater . ext . backyard pool - morning 94 a bathing beauty lead Sam and Allen through the large backyard to a small chess table near the pool . ( continued ) 94 101 . continued : 94 everyone sit poolside at small table with chess board . pretty girl and handsome guy . move pawn and piece . Old school bathing beauty deliver drink to the player . mimosa and other fun late morning cocktail . a few girl swim in the pool . aware of they beauty and not concerned with privacy or modesty , they talk and laugh freely . Allen move he pawn forward . King 's pawn to e4 . Sam glance at the board and move he pawn to a6 . allen that 's a terrible move . Sam grab a mimosa from a pass waitress . he sip the drink as he scan the yard . Allen stare down at the board , debate and analyze . Sam see the shoot Star girl , both # 1 and # 2 , seat alongside a chess table with two handsome young man . look further , he see meek bride and reading glass bride sit indian -style on the grass - a checker board and cheese plate between they . in they lace gowns , they be polished bohemian perfection . then ... Sam spot Jesus at a small chess table , engage ina game with the third and last of the bride - Clara bow bride . Jesus be ever-shirtless . eternally handsome and miraculously thin . Sam stare for a moment . debate he next move . Sam notice a red balloon float over the pool past he view . it 's connect to a long ribbon tie to the wrist of balloon girl . she 's sit on the far side of the pool , play a game of chess with emerald beauty . Sam wave to balloon girl and she smile in he direction , but quickly turn she attention back to the game . Allen move he knight to f3 , nodd to himself , but still debate he choice . Sam watch as Jesus stand from he chair and walk toward the main house . a lanky and sexual strut . Sam take a gulp from he mimosa and set it on the table , move he knight forward to c6 . SAM I will be right back . ( continued ) 94 95 96 102 . continued : ( 2 ) 94 Allen do not look up . he remain fixate on the chess board - particularly Sam 's advanced knight . allen you sure you wanna do that ? SAM yup . Sam follow Jesus , walk toward the back door of the mansion . Allen stare at the piece and pawn shaking he head . int . modest mansion - morning 95 Sam watch Jesus step into the rear bathroom . he close the old mahogany door . Sam walk straight down the hall , open the door and step inside . int . mansion bathroom - continuous 96 Jesus be on the toilet with he pants around he ankle . he look up at Sam . jesus what the fuck man ?! I be takin ' a shit ! Sam say nothing . he close the door and grab the skinny man by the neck , push he onto the floor . jesus get the fuck off I ! Sam punch Jesus in the stomach , silencing he quickly . the man gasp for air as Sam hover over he - fist shaking . SAM why do you put a code in the song ? jesus what be you talk about ? two man in a strange position on the bathroom rug . SAM what be that tunnel for ? jesus what ? Sam punch Jesus in the face . Jesus almost start to cry , exhaling in rough shake and fit . ( continued ) 96 103 . continued : 96 jesus why be you hit I ? Sam push he finger in the emaciate rock star 's face . SAM you song , " turn teeth " .... there 's a fuck code in it . I wanna know why you put it there and what it mean . Jesus say nothing , turn he head away , try to avoid the situation . jesus help . Sam grab he thin arm and bend it backwards , twist it at the elbow . SAM Fucking tell I ! Jesus sob and writhes in pain . jesus I do not know anything about a code . Sam twist harder . jesus ahhhhhhh . SAM how could you not know ? you write the fuck song . jesus no. I do not . I write most of the song , but not that one . SAM bullshit . jesus honestly . my label give I a few song to record ... the rest be all mine . SAM which song do they give you ? jesus turn teeth ... Wire Mountains ... and waltz of the Christian shit farmer . ( continued ) rea the cate to reat tate for the taste of yar e~ coca cote wher you ash lor it be sure you get & ie 96 97 104 ( 2 ) 96 SAM so all the hit ? Jesus look back - piss . jesus there 's no reason to belittle I , man . Sam ignore he reply , twist he arm back a bit more . jesus ahhhhhhh . SAM so who write the song ? jesus they be deliver anonymously . I get a call from somebody at the label . they be not bullshit . they know everybody and everything that matter . they say not to ask anyone about it , but that I need to record the song or I would lose my contract . I believe he . SAM you have no idea who write you own hit song ? they do not say anything ? jesus he never give I a name . no . he just say that it be a important piece of music by the songwriter . SAM thee songwriter ? jesus yeah . the songwriter . Sam consider this for a moment . Jesus stare up at he with tear on he face - he mascara streaking down over he cheek ext . backyard pool - morning 97 near the bath house , balloon girl be chat with shoot star # 1 and # 2 - all dress in they cute bathing suit and match shawl . the girl notice Sam approach fast . he appear hyper - focus and dishevel . Sam grab shoot Star # 1 by the arm and pull she aside . balloon girl and shoot Star # 2 hover nearby - concerned . ( continued ) 97 98 105 . continued : 97 SAM hey ... shoot STAR # 1 what be it ? SAM remember the party you tell I about ? the gated neighborhood own by some songwriter ? could you take I there ? shoot STAR # 1 uh huh . ext . aberdeen avenue - morning 98 Sam walk with the girl , pass by another beautiful mansion - a long stretch of perfect green grass . the girl wear they bathing suit and match shawl . clickety clack in they heel . Sam be in yesterday 's clothes - sweat stain and soile . SAM so how do you all know each other ? balloon girl we be roommate ... shoot STAR # 1 and we work together . SAM oh. shoot STAR # 2 we be all shoot star . Sam look over at balloon girl . she stride down the sidewalk with young confidence . SAM ( to balloon girl ) you too ? balloon girl yeah . SAM I do not know you be a actress . balloon girl I be on a soap opera between the age of 5 and 6 month . ( continued ) 98 99 100 101 106 . continued : 98 Sam nod - accept this as common . the gang walk a bit further down the sidewalk SAM be we get close ? shoot STAR # 1 it 's not far from here . ext . canyon road - day 99 Sam and the girl stand before a giant stone wall lining a long stretch of some unmark canyon road . they hug and say they goodby . walk away , balloon girl wave to Sam as he begin to climb the wall . ext . gate canyon suburb - day 100 peek out of the tree , Sam see a wide and perfect suburban street . several giant house dot the road . no people or car in sight . Sam walk through the neighborhood . it 's like a ghost town . he pass desert estate house move through the canyon valley ... tarp and plastic over furniture and empty parlor room . rounding the bend , Sam see a large stone mansion at the base of the hill - reminiscent of hearst Castle . Sam sneak closer . ext . stone mansion - continuous 101 Sam walk around back through the tree discover a Greek pillare pool and grotto . tower and enormous window span the rear of the mansion . look through the glass , Sam see a giant vault ceiling . sweep arch . a enormous and ornate music hall . in the center of the room be a grand piano . behind it , sit a very old and ugly white man . he be the songwriter . the songwriter tilt he head , see Sam in the bush . he wave the young man inside . Sam hesitates , but the songwriter continue to wave he closer . Sam step out of the grass onto the marble patio near the sparkling blue pool . ( continued ) 101 102 107 . continued : 101 he open the glass door , and poke he head into the grand hall . songwriter come inside . int . music room - continuous 102 keeping he distance , Sam stand near the doorway look across the room at the old man on the piano bench . the songwriter have wild grey hair . his skin be crack and brittle . Old beyond belief . the hall be fill with mirror , gold and vintage music art - like some warpe version of versaille . a oversize poster of a vintage 50' album hang above the piano : " Julie be she name " . SAM you write " turn teeth " for Jesus and the bride of dracula . I know it be you . songwriter uh huh . SAM and the code in the music . I find the tunnel ... and the bomb shelter songwriter ok . SAM what do it all mean ? the songwriter beckon Sam closer . directing he to a small stool face the piano . songwriter come and sit down . here . Sam step closer , look at the musical instrument lining the wall and floor . guitar , a harpsichord , violin ukulele , etcetera . Sam notice a sonic Blue fender mustang guitar propped on a floor stand . he point to it , stare in awe . SAM be that kurt cobain 's fender mustang guitar ? ( continued ) 102 108 . continued : 102 songwriter oh I be not sure . probably . I do not remember . I have so many thing . SAM can I pick it up ? the songwriter do not care . he shrug he shoulder . sure . Sam carefully lift the guitar and sit with it on the stool . running he hand along the finish , Sam mumble and take note of the guitar 's neck and bridge . he strum a G chord and look up at the old man behind the giant and ornate grand piano . songwriter I do not always worry what the message be . I just pass it along ... I slip it between the note ... and hide it away for the people who know it 's there . SAM you have do this before ? the code ? the songwriter laugh . he start to play " stairway to Heaven " but transition into " macarena " songwriter I write most of the music you dad grow up on , half of what you sing along to as a kid , and I be still doin ' it . this teenager be dance to myyyy music . Sam see clear tube run into the old man 's nostril - connect to a silver canister mark with japanese letter . SAM you be tell I that there be message hide in old pop song ? songwriter movie and television show ... everything you know . SAM why ? the songwriter ignore Sam . humming along to a few random chord . be that the theme song to " the fact of life " ? songwriter pop culture . ugh . it float away like tissue paper . I blow my nose . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 109 . continued : ( 2 ) 102 songwriter ( cont would ) I find a old kleenex , I recycle it . it become you wedding song . the old man tap a few note from " I want to know what Love be " . SAM what be the tunnel for ? be there gonna be a war ? the songwriter look away , play " in-a- gadda - Da - vida " across the piano key . songwriter I do not know . I be just try to make a live . earn a few dollar . Sam look around at the luxurious space . SAM but you have everything . the songwriter be quiet for a moment . he look out at the tree against the hillside . songwriter no . Sam pull out the photo of Sarah . he hold it up for the songwriter to see . SAM do you know this girl ? the old man lean forward and look at the picture . he shake he head . songwriter she 's pretty . SAM she be kill along with jefferson sevence . but I think you know that . songwriter I do not . the songwriter slam he hand down form a low and resonate chord - let it ring out . he play another chord , slowly beginning to sing something resembling a funeral dirge . ( continued ) 110 . 102 continued : ( 3 ) 102 songwriter ( sing ) mulattoooo . albinoooo . mosquitoooo . libidoooo . Sam stare at the man in horror . he glance down at the priceless guitar in he own hand . songwriter I do not care what 's fashionable or cool . it 's all silly and meaningless . I have create so many of the thing that you care about ... the song that give you life purpose and joy . when you be fifteen and rebel ... you do that to my music . the songwriter hold up he finger and move they like spider leg - simultaneously play the note to nirvana 's " smell like Teen Spirit " with he other hand . plink plink . plink plink plink songwriter it be not write on a distort guitar ... I write it ... ona piano ...here ... in between a blowjob and a omelette . there 's no rebellion . there 's only I ... earning a paycheck . SAM I do not believe you . songwriter good . the real message be never intend for you . it 's better if you just smile and dance . enjoy the melody . the man play more music , point to he chest . songwriter this ugly old man , I , I be the voice of you generation , you grandparent 's , you parent 's and the young people who follow you . Sam stare in horror . he do not want to believe . songwriter it 's funny ... all the thing you hope for , and dreeeeam about be a part of ... they be all a fabrication . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 continued : ( 4 ) '' 102 songwriter ( cont would ) you art , you write , you culture be the shell of other man 's ambition . ambition beyond what you will ever understand . SAM that 's funny to you ? songwriter a little . the old man cough and wheeze - dance he finger merrily across the keyboard - perform a quick mad mixture of bach Jesus and the bride , buddy Holly , n.w.a. and the Rolling Stones . songwriter I write this ... and this ... that ... and this too ... SAM stop it . the songwriter laugh . his cackle along with the plink key of the grand piano echoe through the gigantic hall . SAM who pay you to write this song ? the songwriter smile and nod as he reach into he pocket . he lift up a small handgun , aim it at Sam 's head . bang ! the bullet miss Sam as he tumble sideways to the floor . cobain 's guitar fall on he lap . with a single hand , the songwriter begin to play " what 's the frequency Kenneth " . he laugh and hum the melody . bang ! Sam dodge a second shot , ducking down below the piano . SAM what be the tunnel for ?! bang ! another bullet fly by he head . the music still play . SAM tell I what happen to Sarah ! Sam charge the old man , raise the guitar over he head like a axe . we hear the roar of guitar feedback . warped note . ( continued ) 102 103 112 . continued : ( 5 ) 102 bang ! the bullet zip past Sam 's ear as he swing the fade turquoise guitar down onto the songwriter 's head . smash ! bone crack under the weight of maple and basswood . the songwriter 's skull crumble . Brain matter land on the ivory key . distortion rumble . Sam swing it again , break the neck of the guitar from the body ... wire string messily join the two piece . the wooden base hang down like some holy instrument destroy before a crowd by townshend , hendrix or cobain . Sam stand over the old man . he drop the break guitar , breathe deeply . the music room be quiet . frightened , Sam pick up the gun from the floor and stuff it into he jeans . he run out the back door , leave the room empty and still . the songwriter lay motionless near the piano . int . sam' apartment - dusk 103 Sam lean out he patio door , drink a beer - visibly shake . the wind blow through he hair . a dark pink sky be visible over the rooftop . rain cloud approach . lightn snap across the horizon , follow by the low rumble of thunder the neighbor 's bird caw loudly . on the television , a old movie play . it 's the 1956 version of " invasion of the body snatcher " . Kevin mccarthy run across the I - 5 overpass scream . Cars cruise along , ignore he craze warning . kevin mccarthy ( on television ) you fool ! you be in danger ! can not you see ?! they be after you ! they be after all of we ! we wife , we child everyone ! they be here already ! you be next ! you be next ! you be next ! 113 . 104 ext . rancho los feliz apartment - night 104 105 the gas lamp that line the garden walkway offer dim pool of orange light . Sam walk slowly through the apartment complex 's twist path . the trickle of run water through the stream follow he footstep . Sam sip a iced latte , carry a LA weekly under he arm . Jesus and the bride of dracula pose on the cover . the partially obscure headline read : jesus predict ... bad time ahead a dirty human face peer out from within a bush - disturbingly low to the ground like a cat or possum . eye watch Sam as he pass - he do not notice . leave and branch rattle above . a squirrel fall from the tree in front of Sam . it hit the concrete , and partially splatter on the ground . the squirrel try to move but it 's mortally injure . Sam stare in horror at the small animal . be it try to say something ? Sam back away from it and rush down the path . he turn a corner . before he stand a shadowy figure in the center of the garden walkway . stepping closer , Sam see more clearly . it be a two -dimensional black cardboard figure of a man stabbing a cardboard dog . Sam approach the cut - out stand and tip it over with he finger it land on the ground with a soft tap - like a leaf come to rest on the forest floor . Glass shatter ! int . sam' bedroom - night 105 Sam lift he head from the damp pillow . rain pour against the bedroom window . Thunder rumble - long and steady . a cascade of lightning illuminate the messy bedroom - the playboys on the floor . issue July 1970 . ( continued ) 105 106 107 108 114 . continued : 105 Sam hear glass break . int . sam' apartment - night 106 Sam step into the live room with pistol in hand . he see a hole in the glass of the slide door ... it 's now half open . the storm breeze move across the blind , blow he paperwork across the carpet . the page of " code breaker " and " spider man " flip wildly . he move closer to the patio . a careful step . then another . behind Sam , a small cabinet door open quietly . Long bare leg fold out from within - like the appendage of a insect - bare flesh stretch . now fully emerge from the tight space , the owl' kiss stand behind Sam with a kitchen knife in she hand . Sam turn and see the naked woman in she owl -skin mask . he jump back as she silently sprint down the hall into he bedroom . the door close . Sam stare in shock at the close bedroom door . int . sam' bedroom - night 107 Sam enter the room carefully , peek inside with the gun . he turn on the bedroom light . she 's not here . Sam check under the bed ... in the closet ... nothing . lightn flash . a coyote howl in the distance . tense . Sam open he dresser drawer . the gun angle down toward he sock and underwear knock ! knock ! knock ! Sam turn toward the sound ... int . sam' apartment - night 108 knock ! knock ! knock ! knock ! Sam look through the peep hole and see a Los Angeles sheriff on the other side . SAM ( whisper to himself ) fuck . ( continued ) 108 115 . continued : 108 he hold he dizzy head as the air leave he lung in exodus . Sam try to breathe as he open the door . resigned to whatever happen . his shoulder slump . in the hallway , alongside the sheriff , stand the greasy haire apartment manager . his face be pucker and sour SAM hello . sheriff hi , I be here to inform you that you have to evacuate the premise immediately . SAM oh ... this be about my rent ? Sam seem relieved for a moment . it could be worse . sheriff yes . you have not pay . it 's ... manager criminally overdue . Sam take a step closer to the sheriff . SAM be there any way I could have a couple more day ? sheriff no . I do not think so . SAM please . I do not have anywhere to go . I be close to get the money . I promise I be . sheriff listen ... I do not like this either worst part of my job , ok ? SAM I understand . sheriff I can give you two more day ... but that 's it . if you can not pay I will not be the nice guy you see right now . ( continued ) 108 109 110 116 . continued : ( 2 ) 108 the manager wear a heavy scowl - irritate by the officer 's leniency . manager I want he out today . the sheriff turn to the angry manager . sheriff hey ! I be take care of this . do not be greedy . the manager nod he head as the sheriff look back at Sam . sheriff two day . he hold up two finger in front of he nose . ext . sam' apartment balcony - night 109 the rain have stop . Water drip from the eave . Sam smoke on the patio listen to the parrot caw . a garbage can fall over . rattle clang ! Sam look down toward the pool and see a small coyote digging through the trash . it stare up at he . the animal turn and walk down the sidewalk . Sam watch - intensely . ext . silverlake neighborhood - night 110 wearing he white undershirt and pajama pants , Sam follow the coyote down the street . the coyote glance back at he , then scamper along . down griffith Park boulevard ... past apartment and condo ... into the hillside neighborhood ... expensive home ... beautiful car ... thing you can not possess ... ( continued ) 110 111 112 117 . continued : 110 Sam follow the wild animal through the street . he stare up at the world around he . voice and laughter within the home . families together in front of giant television . ext . silverlake home - night 111 the coyote run up the driveway of a large silverlake home . it disappear into the tree . Sam stand in front of the house and look through the front window . people be everywhere . a big party be take place . Music pour from inside . Sam notice a familiar face in profile through the picture window . it be millicent sevence . she disappear into the crowd . int . large silverlake home - night 112 Sam walk through the party in he damp white undershirt . he scan the crowd for millicent . he pass a myriad of conversation . we hear only piece of they . Sam move deeper , bump shoulder as he crane he neck - try to look above it all . faceless party goer it 's such a cliche ! be special be not special anymore . it 's just so obvious . the real trick be to find a way to be unimportant but still get notice . Sam pass through the swarm patch of conversation and networking . a complimenting woman notice Sam 's shirt as she walk by . complimenting woman oh I like you shirt . Sam look down at he lightly stain , old , hane sleep shirt . he tug at the cotton . move deeper , Sam walk by the party host . she 's engage in conversation with a pretty woman . Sam recognize she ... it 's chesty woman ... the girl he spy via the drine 's video feed . ( continued ) 118 . 112 continued : 112 party host I really want to become a professional vagabond . Travel the entiiiiire world . chesty woman pleeeeease ... bring I along . party host I would love to . you can be my photographer . the aspire traveler laugh together . Sam turn and spin , look for millicent . nearby , gossiping man engage in conversation with gossiping woman . gossiping man ( point at girl ) that girl be the youngest woman to ever write , produce , direct and sound design she own network sitcom . gossipe man casually point to a twelve - year- old girl eat cake , surround by young adult and two security man in suit . she 's the adolescent prodigy . gossiping woman how old be she ? gossiping man twelve , but she 's clearly a old soul . the gossipe woman nod she head , glance back at the adolescent prodigy as the young girl giggle and rudely stuff she finger in she nose . gossiping man honestly ... she 's really capture the Zeitgeist . I do not think any adult could ever express the kind of deep understanding that she have over she material . gossiping woman I be embarrassed I have not see it yet . gossiping man you should be . a beautiful indian woman bump into Sam . he turn and look into she eye . it 's the girl from the contact lens billboard . ( continued ) 119 . 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 she look back at Sam - hold hand with a very handsome man in a tailore suit . her name , for the sake of this story , be ex . ex um. hey . how be you ? SAM I be good . ex I be really glad to hear that . the beautiful woman offer Sam a honest and heartfelt look he 's silence by she sincerity . ex uh ... this be my fiance . Sam look over , fumble , then shake hand with the handsome man . SAM oh. hello . congratulation . handsome man thank you . ex nervously twirl she finger through she hair ex yes , thank you . Sam nod and smile , wait for it to end . ex so ... how 's ... work ? SAM oh . it 's ok . his face do not sell the lie . the beautiful woman play along anyway . ex good . SAM I see you ... billboard . ex oh cool . which one ? ( continued ) 112 113 120 . continued : ( 3 ) 112 SAM there 's more than one ? the girl grin and nod she head - a long and awkward moment . SAM on Los feliz near bigfoot . ex cool . cool . I be glad it 's gettin ' out there . you know ... always workin ' hard . gotta keep tryin ' SAM yup . same here . handsome man squeeze she hand gently . ex glance over , then step towards Sam to offer a quick goodbye hug . ex well ... it be great see you . SAM yeah . yeah . you too . Sam watch ex walk away with handsome man . in the distance , he see millicent step into a nearby room . int . silverlake house art room - night 113 millicent stand before a beautiful flower painting . she focus on it . Sam step alongside she and admire the petunia painting in tandem . millicent it 's beautiful , right ? SAM it be . millicent do you know who paint it ? SAM no. millicent gaynor . Janet gaynor . the actress . Sam look back at millicent with a bright expression . ( continued ) 121 . 113 continued : 113 SAM oh . my mom like she . millicent I like she too . Sam nod and smile . millicent you know who I be ? SAM yeah . there 's a sadness about millicent that Sam suddenly recognize . a soft tone guide they encounter . SAM I be friend with one of the girl that be with you dad . she be a nice person . millicent oh . SAM I have be try to find out what happen to she . millicent really ? SAM yeah . millicent do you know anything ? 114 ext . silverlake reservoir - night 114 the water within the reservoir be calm , reflect the moon 's glow . a few duck quack and drift along as heron fly overhead . Sam and millicent walk together along the outer fence that surround the giant water reserve . millicent what do you think it all mean ? SAM I do not know . I can not see it yet . but I be close ... I think . ( continued ) 114 122 . continued : 114 they step together in unison over the remain puddle from the evening rain storm . near the fence , Sam and millicent pass a dog memorial complete with a bronze dog statue and a plaque . photo of decease dog and puppy be tape to the fence . victim of the Dog killer Flowers cover the ground around it . Paper sign with handwritten message surround the photo : we miss you fluffy benny be the best dog a man ever have Mr. Spot r.i.p . God will judge you , dog killer ! Sam and the young woman slow down before the odd little memorial . millicent react with pain at the discovery of each dog 's expression . picture of the dead . millicent I do not know if we should be walk around here at night . SAM I think we be safe . we do not have a dog with we . millicent yeah , but anybody who could kill a dog would not think twice about kill a person . SAM I be not sure that 's true . they walk a bit further . Sam reach over and take millicent 's hand in he own . millicent be you a dog or a cat person ? SAM eh ... it 's hard to say . I get bit by my grandparent ' terrier when I be a kid . I guess they kinda scare I a little bit . ( continued ) 114 123 . continued : ( 2 ) 114 millicent that 's terrible . I like dog ... but cat be good too . SAM yeah . they walk further , look out at the water across the reservoir . moonlight and star reflect against the mirrore surface of the man-made lake . Sam look at millicent 's gentle and beautiful face . she look back at he with a nearly imperceptible grin . they share a moment of connection . unspoken , and stronger for it . two small figure under a dark sky - round the giant lake . up ahead , a long haire wino sit against the fence . as Sam and millicent approach , he lean forward and shout . long haire wino haaahh ! ! Sam glare at the man , move millicent to the outer edge of the sidewalk . Street chivalry . long haire wino get a little change ? Sam look down . irritate by the question . disgust by the man . SAM ( resentful ) nope. sorry . Sam avoid the man 's foot , extend onto the walkway - a intentional obstacle . long haire wino no money to spare , huh ? do the lady know you be cheap ? SAM fuck you . long haire wino Ugly ass piece of shit worthless trash motherfucker . you be more break than I be . fuck you ! I will kill you , cock sucker . come back here and sit down next to poppa . I will shit in you mouth . asshole fuckin ' dickwad , piece o' shit , son of a bitch .... ( continued ) 114 124 . continued : ( 3 ) 114 Sam and the pretty girl walk away from the homeless man - hand in hand . a beautiful evening stroll . Long haire wino continue to curse in the distance . shout like a animal . SAM ( speak softly ) I know it 's not ok to say this , but I really fuck hate the homeless . everyone say they need we help but I think they be bully . they be like ... poltergeist . millicent you mean ghost ? SAM yeah ... all they do be float around on the periphery ... watch people eat tasty food , drink beer and be in love ... and they can not participate ... so they get jealous and harass we . millicent raise she brow . millicent maybe just give them a dollar next time ? Sam take a breath and look back - still angry about the encounter . millicent say nothing , smile in response to Sam 's overreaction . she look towards the reservoir millicent have you ever be in there ? millicent point to the serene water beyond the fence . SAM in the reservoir ? millicent yeah . SAM eh eh. millicent start to climb the fence . designer shoe scuff through the chain link . delicate hand pull she higher . ( continued ) 114 115 125 . continued : ( 4 ) 114 Sam stand there , watch . she look down at he - a giant grin on she face . a pretty girl hang from a fence like a cat . millicent come on . ext . silverlake inner reservoir - night 115 stand at the edge of the concrete water basin , millicent and Sam take off they clothes . now in the water , the pair swim toward the center of the reservoir . quietly . know glance between they . nake body just below the surface . House light be visible against the hillside landscape around they . a dark sea in the backyard of people 's home . this be sacred territory and they both feel it . tread water in the middle of the reservoir , Sam and millicent face each other - occasionally look up and over at the dark hill which cup they like hand hold bath water . the night sky , the star and the moon settle along the surface of the lake . millicent move in . closer to Sam . she nuzzle she cheek against he neck . hand touch skin under the water . she kiss he ear . whisper very close and quiet ... millicent ( whisper ) I think someone be follow I . SAM ( whisper ) be you kid ? millicent ( whisper ) I want it to look like we be here to screw . SAM ( whisper ) we be not ? ( continued ) 115 126 . continued : 115 millicent ( whsiper ) I find something hide in my dad 's office . under the water , millicent pull a silver bracelet off she wrist and slip it onto Sam 's arm . he raise he forearm along the surface of the water and stare at the circular band . it look like Sarah 's bracelet - inscription of small letter and number etched within the silver . npm 1 35 to 37 - c3 to e6 Sam focus on the inscription . SAM c3 to e6 . sound like a chess move . do you dad play chess ? millicent he do . pop ! Water splashes in front of they . a bullet hit the water . a silence shot from the dark shore . SAM what the ... tiny splashes appear along the surface of the lake over millicent 's shoulder . quiet gunfire . pop ! pop ! SAM get under the water . Sam take a giant breath and dive down beneath the surface . he pull on millicent 's arm , but they be separate in the chaos . deeper he go . bubbles and swirl liquid blur Sam 's vision . he swim under the water as bullet spread around he - diving like penguin . Sam see she ... drop ... through the blue water ... ( continued ) 115 116 117 118 127 . continued : ( 2 ) 115 millicent sink down past Sam - on she back - blood stream up from a small hole in she naked chest . bubbles pour from she red lip . she appear to stare at we , but it 's hard to say . her hand cover she breast , unknowingly mirrore Sam 's most treasure playboy cover . July 1970 . a beautiful woman . his earliest fantasy . drop into the depth of the reservoir Sam be overwhelm by the terrible sight . Water pour off he body as he climb up the concrete embankment along the edge of the lake . nake and frantic , Sam reach the fence and climb . ext . rancho los feliz apartment - night 116 Sam walk quickly down the garden path - still naked and wet . int . sam' apartment - morning 117 Sam wake up . nake on he live room carpet . the silver bracelet around he wrist . he stare at the inscription around the band , twist it with he hand . the sun be bright through the open patio door . SAM c3 to e6 . c3 to e6 ? the neighbor 's parrot caw from across the way . parrot ( 0.s. ) nawwwwwddduuumeennndd Sam stare at the bracelet . SAM ( under he breath ) what the fuck be you say ? int . sam' apartment - day 118 Sam open a old milton Bradley chess box . he flip the board out and grab he black sharpie marker SAM c3... to ... Sam circle the square c3 on the chess board - draw a arrow towards e6 across the checker box . ( continued ) oo ee 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 a fa a ba h1 abcdefgh 118 128 . continued : 118 SAM e6. Sam circle the e6 square with he marker . he stare at the board , spin it around on the carpet . what do it mean ? SAM hm . Sam look back at the bracelet . SAM npm 1 35 to 37 . npm . npm . what the fuck be npm ? Sam sit with he laptop , type the letter npm into Google search . he scan the result page ... nothing make sense . SAM n. p.m. Sam run he hand through he messy hair in frustration . he look across the carpet and see the old nintendo entertainment system . a idea spark . reaching across the floor , Sam grab a stack of nintendo power magazine . he sort through the cover , find the first issue . mario smile , leaping from a mushroom - a carrot in he hand . SAM npm issue number one . fuck . the page fly past we like a piece of animation , flip across Sam 's thumb . he settles on page 35 , 36 and 37 . it 's a subdivide map from " the legend of Zelda " . Sam smile as he notice the alphanumeric grid that cover the map . he circle the square corresponding to c3 and e6 . SAM what the fuck do I do with this ? outside , the parrot cackle . Children splash in the pool . ( continued ) ee eee ook eee esl vielen ee ee es sit ) eee ae ] '' 1 ST el oe ae cee a ee en oe saan pam — + se eeiediiil keele 118 119 129 . continued : ( 2 ) 118 Sam look across the room and notice the moonstone cereal box sit on the counter . he run to it . tearing it open , he taste one of the cereal bite . repulsed by the ancient stale food , he spit it onto the floor as he dig deeper into the box with a single hand . from the bottom , he pull out a prize . a plastic-wrapp transparency - map of Los Angeles cover with moonstone character and bright color . he open the wrapper and pull out the map ... holding the cartoon map of LA over the Zelda map , Sam realize that they line up perfectly . e6 correspond to the silverlake reservoir SAM so that 's the reservoir . and ... c3 be a wood section of mt. Hollywood . SAM mt. Hollywood ? Sam open google map and bring up the Los Angeles overhead map . he zoom in . tighter and tighter on the rear section of mt. Hollywood . a small square of forest be blacked out . a solid graphic mark with text : Satellite image unavailable Sam stare at the small hide square . he hit he hand down against the couch . SAM what the fuck be in there ? ext . los angele river trail - day 119 Sam race up the path along the LA river on a old bmx bike . he 's wear a red hoodie over he head , look like a man - child from a Steven spielberg movie . he stand on the pedal and lift he head into the wind - look toward the tall green hill beyond the river he pedal faster . a man on a bicycle head toward adventure . — to _ — > e+ 7 | ee : a : es ee ms do tx ] ok | they rs [ cs bs 130 120 ext . mount hollywood forest - day 120 121 122 123 Sam hike through the wood , trudging up the hillside . ext . mount hollywood forest - day 121 Sam reach the tall wooden fence . he notice several paint mark along the wall . /// Three parallel line - diagonal from the top to the bottom of the wall . what do that mean ? Sam open he wallet and pull out a piece of scrap paper fill with handwritten translation of hobo code . it 's the paper " key " create by comic man . Sam run he finger over the symbol , stop alongside the three parallel line . the hobo translation be : this be not a safe place ext . mount hollywood forest - day 122 reaching a clear , Sam step through the tree and look ahead . he see a single straw hut in the middle of a overgrown field . a few alberto giacometti human-figure sculpture stand like scarecrow within the grass . a eerie expression of the emaciate human form . tall or short ... all with appendage like twig . Sam walk toward the straw hut , check the gun tuck into he waist band . he hear water splash from inside . delicately . int . straw hut - day 123 arrive at the doorway of the hut , Sam look inside . he see a fifty - nine - year- old man in a white gown , crouch on the floor . this man , the final man , be wash the foot of three young woman in white rag . Sam recognize they face as they look up from they seat position along the wood floor . ( continued ) 131 . 123 continued : 123 it 's Troy , fannie , and mae . the girl in the White rabbit . SAM hello ? the final man turn and face Sam . he remain sit indian - style in the center of the straw hut . the three beautiful young woman sit in a row along the wall . final man hello . silence . Sam wait for something to happen . final man can I help you ? SAM um ... yeah . the girl cock they inquisitive head as Sam clear he throat . SAM my friend Sarah be kill . this girl know something about it . final man why do you assume that ? SAM I see she take thing from Sarah 's apartment . Sam point at Troy . she smile as he finger singles she out . SAM I find a code in they friend 's song . I have be in the tunnel . final man alright . the final man calmly pour several cup of tea into tiny porcelain container . he pass they out to the girl - take one for himself . final man please sit down . drink with we . Sam sit against the wall , stare at the man and he triad harem . ( continued ) 132. 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 SAM I find a bunker down there . some kind of shelter in case of a nuclear war . troy it 's not a shelter . SAM what be it then ? the final man place a small cup of tea on the floor in front of Sam . final man a tomb . SAM what ? mae 's face brighten with excitement . she look to the final man . mae be it ours ? the man pat mae on the leg - a comforting " I will be with you in a moment " gesture . final man they be tomb . for king ... like I . like jefferson sevence . the girl begin to drink they tea . SAM why would jefferson sevence need a tomb underneath the city ? the final man glance over at he ascension bride . he make a face to they - suggest that Sam do not " get it " . Troy grin back in adoration . SAM a cemetery be not good enough ? Sam glare at they all - grow more irritate with they smug and holy demeanor . final man it 's not about burial . it 's about ascension . we be not die , we be be transport to another world . somewhere better than this . ( continued ) 133. 123 continued : ( 3 ) 123 as the final he from he face . SAM be you talk about heaven ? final man you would have to be a fool to think that poverty in this life equal wealth in the next . I be talk about something exclusive and real . we soul will be pull from we body and carry through the unfathomable amniotic sac that hold we here and prevent we from true connection . man describe the birth -like barrier separate bliss , he tug at he cheek - the skin on he final man we will be beyond this universe and live together as king without limitation . the pharoah do it ... great man throughout history have do the same . Sam stare at the man , try to make sense of it . SAM be you die ? the man shake he head , smile at the course of Sam 's ignorant interrogation . final man I be about to be seal inside a tomb with my beautiful bride ... the final man wave he hand , present he future wife . final man . and all my worldly treasure . we will have delicious meal and wine and television and sex . enough to last we for six month . SAM and then you die ? the final man gulp he tea in a single shot - set the cup back on the tray . final man no . we wait to be ascend . we soul and all the gold I have manage to collect will be transport . ( more ) ( continued ) 134 . 123 continued : ( 4 ) 123 final man ( cont would ) enough to buy ourselves a position of royalty in a world of perfection and beauty . Sam stare in disbelief . this be madness of course . final man only the richest of man can afford this ceremony . I be not even gonna tell you how many people you have to kill for just one man ... and three woman ... he glance back at he grateful bride . final man . to reach the afterlife . the requirement for sacrifice be so specific ... hair color , age , sex , tooth alignment , dietary habit , cancer formation ... it take a fortune and and a army to catalog this people and kill they accord to ritual . SAM who do you kill ? final man it 's expensive to build a tunnel system and keep it hide , but it cost even more to murder people and not be harass about it . the infrastructure , the management , the bribery ... all in the name of something holy and pure . SAM do you kill Sarah ? the final man pull a bamboo frame photo off the wall near the doorway . he offer it up to Sam . final man no one will find we chamber for a thousand year . future man will understand that we be the modern king . ruler without statue or effigy . look at the photo , Sam see jefferson sevence in a white gown - he arm around Sarah and she two roommate in white rag . all sit together within this very same straw shack . Wide smile across they face . no fear or terror ( continued ) 135 . 123 continued : ( 5 ) 123 SAM they be here ? look closer , Sam notice that Sarah 's " how to marry a millionaire " doll be visible on the floor behind she SAM be Sarah alive ? final man she may have ascend already . I do not know . Sam point downward - grow more disgust and horrify with each revelation . SAM she 's in one of that tomb ? fannie nod she head - a big smile of anticipation across she face . SAM with sevence ? final man yes. SAM but they find he body . final man they find another man 's bone mix with ... most of jefferson 's tooth , some of he skin , and all the organ that he 's able to live without . Sam be take aback - horrify by it all - a swirl sickness in he head . the white robe host and hostess observe Sam as he breathe change - sweat form on he skin . final man ( signal quotation mark with he hand ) do you think " heaven " be easy ? Sam look down at he lap . he 's unable to focus . SAM I never give it much think . ( continued ) ci most glamorous eien of you Lifetime E inemmascop you see it without glass ! marilyn betty lauren monroe-6rable-bacall > ) se tt uh nunwacey johnson ) tean in negulesco wriaer johnson : 136 . 123 continued : ( 6 ) 123 final man and what do you think now ? SAM I think you be gonna bury yourself alive . you be gonna run out of food and you be gonna fuck eat each other and die . after that ... I have no idea . final man I doubt that it will be so grim , but even if it be ... it will be worth it . the final man look around the room in disgust . final man all this ugliness be just a cocoon . Sam 's eye flare with anger . he 's have enough . smash ! ! he pound he fist into the wall , knock several photo and ceremonial statue to the floor the final man and he bride be momentarily startle . they watch Sam as he exhales deeply , regain he composure . mae ( whisper to herself ) that 's such a angry thing to do . final man ( calm ) what be you upset about ? SAM I just ... want to see Sarah . final man ok. well ... let 's see if we can get she on the phone . spin around in he seat , the final man open up a bamboo panel , revealing a flat - screen monitor and cord telephone receiver . he press some button and wait - listen into to the earpiece . SAM they have a phone ? ( continued ) 137 . 123 continued : ( 7 ) 123 final man incoming call only . we have have problem in the past . people get scared ... try to get out . SAM they be trap ? the phone continue to ring - very quietly from the receiver . static on the screen . final man ( speak in a half - whisper as one do when on the phone ) we would not want to lose out on eternal life just because we might have a normal physical aversion to be bury underneath the earth . we be only human . there 's a light click - a voice on the line - unheard by we . final man hello , how be you ? ( beat ) uh huh . ok good . ( beat ) do you mind if I put you on video phone ? a friend of yours be here . he want to see you . ( beat ) ok. great . the final man press another button and the television flicker on , revealing a beautiful young woman 's face . it be Sarah - look straight at we through the video screen . she appear calm , comfortably cover in a simple summer dress , hold the telephone up to she cheek . behind she be a cavernous , brightly - light live room . rock formation hang from the ceiling , alongside a diamond encrust chandelier . one of Sarah 's roommate , the brunette , be sit naked on a lazy - boy chair - she leg propped up before a giant television screen . she 's brush she tooth - spitting into a small golden chalice . jefferson sevence be sit on the couch , nestle up against Sarah 's blond roommate . ( continued ) 123 continued : ( 8 ) they're watch a old episode of the Andy griffith show on tv land - share a bowl of popcorn . a mountain of gold bar line the far wall . the final man hand Sam the telephone . he hold it up to he ear . sarah hello ? SAM Sarah ? can you hear I ? sarah yeah . hellooo . SAM I have be look for you . sarah really ? SAM yeah . sarah you hardly know I . SAM I know . sarah be you annoyed with I ? you angry ? SAM do I sound angry ? sarah kinda . SAM I just want to know what happen to you . sarah oh. SAM do you really want to stay down there ? sarah yeah . ( continued ) 139 . 123 continued : ( 9 ) 123 SAM you be gonna die down there . be that what you want ? Sarah stare into the televison screen - deep in think . her face display a range of feeling . Joy . fear. doubt . Sarah look back at jefferson and she roommate - all laugh before the giant television . sarah I be gonna take this in the bedroom . she hold the phone out towards she brunette roommate . sarah will you hang it up when I get in there ? brunette roommate sure . the brunette get out of she chair and take the phone as Sarah exit we view . the naked brunette stand there . she half - listen into the ear piece - bored - with she hand on she waist . a finger twist the curly chord . the final man look over at Sam . he lean close and whisper . final man ( whisper to Sam ) they chamber be cover with a mountain of concrete . it can not be open . there 's no point in upsetting the girl . please be kind . click . the screen switch to a view of a ornate underground bedroom . Sarah sit on the floor stare at the camera with the phone to she ear . sarah I get it ! brunette roommate ok . there 's another click as the brunette hang up the line . Sarah look up at the screen into Sam 's eye . her voice be softer now - a unsure whisper ( continued ) 123 140 . continued : ( 10 ) 123 sarah ( meek and quiet ) do you think I make a mistake ? come down here ? Sam look at the final man before respond . SAM maybe . Sarah exhales with a vocal sigh , stretch she arm out in frustration . sarah ehhhhhhh . she shake off the bad feeling . sarah well there 's no get out , so I may as well make the best of thing , huh ? SAM yeah ... Sam look away from the tv monitor and stare through the doorway into the outside world . SAM same here . Sarah nod at the screen , fidget with she dress . take a moment to herself . sarah so ... how be you do ? SAM not great . sarah have you think about get another dog ? SAM no. sarah it might be good for you . a little unconditional love . SAM I will think about it . ( continued ) 141 . 123 continued : ( 11 ) 123 sarah um ... I should probably get go . I say I would make dinner tonight . I have a million thing to do . SAM ok . well enjoy you dinner . sarah thanks . take care . SAM bye . Sarah place she receiver down as the final man turn off the monitor . he take the phone away from Sam . final man 0k ? Sam nod . his face be pale . he pick up he cup of tea and take a sip . mae reach out and hold hand with the other ascension bride . she look between they and the final man - now ignore Sam . mae last night ... I have a vision of we make love beneath the earth , then swim together naked in a dark pool . and that 's when it happen ... we body dissolve into light and every beautiful think we have ever have form around we and carry we soul through space to another world ... and we be just laugh the whole time because we know that nothing can ever be wrong again . mae turn to Sam . mae I wish you be come with we . Sam gulp the rest of he tea . he set the cup onto the floor the final man look over at Sam . final man this be not a world that anybody with any sense stay in or spend much time worry about . ( continued ) 123 142 . continued : ( 12 ) 123 Sam watch as fannie fall over into the lap of she nearby friend . final man you goal ... you dream ... the thing that eat away you life before you eye ... you be live ina carnival , throw plastic ring at oversize pop bottle hope to win a prize ... Troy lay back against the wall and close she eye . mae fold into a little ball on the floor final man what do you win ? a 2 week vacation ? a new car ? maybe a little money to retire on ? it 's all a shitty , sawdust fill rabbit . the thing you care about be useless where we be go . Sam stare ahead as the final man slump over , landing on the girl ' slack body . his head rest on mae 's thigh . Sam try to stand . he touch he face and stumble to the side . falling down . his head on the wooden floor . mouth agape . Sam watch the orange sun cross the skyline beyond the tree . it 's beautiful outside . through the open doorway , Sam see a grass - cover hatch open in the middle of the field . the homeless King emerge from under the ground . calmly , he walk to the hut and stop at the entrance , look down at Sam . the homeless King lean on the door frame , back - light against the LA sun , pose like a mock -john -wayne . wait . patient . Sam try to lift he face . SAM how do you you know I be here ? homeless king we smell you . SAM oh. Sam rest he head on the cool wooden tile . ( continued ) 123 124 143 . continued : ( 13 ) 123 everything go black once more . int . concrete room - dark 124 Sam open he eye . he 's chain to a chair in a small concrete room . no window . very dark . the homeless king stand before he - block the stone doorway . Sam take a breath . SAM what happen to that man ? and that girl ? homeless king they be waking up right now . in they ascension chamber . SAM and so now you be gonna kill I ? homeless king do you know what you do wrong ? Sam open he eye completely , look up at he accuser SAM ( nervous ) no . the homeless King lift up he hand , revealing a few dog biscuit in he palm . homeless king we find this in you pocket . Sam say nothing . the homeless King shuffles the biscuit in he hand and consider they importance . homeless king why do you have dog biscuit in you pocket ? Sam stare at the dirty man with deep anger . SAM I use to like a girl who have a dog . ( continued ) 124 144 . continued : 124 the homeless King think about this for a moment , narrowing he eye . he shake he head - a tiny grin of skepticism on he face . homeless king when be that ? SAM a long time ago . the homeless King consider the response - debate a reply . homeless king do she stop loving you ? SAM uh huh . the homeless King stare into Sam 's eye - wait for more . he repeat he question like a mantra . homeless king why do you have dog biscuit in you pocket ? Sam do not answer . he stare back defiantly - angry - resentful . SAM I be wait for she to take I back . I want to give the dog a treat and rub its ear - like the way I use to . and everything would be good again . the homeless King move closer , look down at he prisoner with Christ -like eye . he unlock Sam 's chain and step to the side - offer a clear path towards the doorway . homeless king you can go now . SAM really ? homeless king yeah . SAM you be not gonna kill I ? homeless king I do not think so ... we might . I be not sure yet . obviously do not mention any of this to anyone . ( continued ) 124 125 126 145 . continued : ( 2 ) 124 SAM I will not . Sam stand up and begin to cross the room - hesitantly . homeless king ok. well ... Goodbye . SAM Goodbye . Sam walk to the doorway . he reach a tall staircase . Sam begin to climb up the very long and very narrow row of stone step . where do this staircase go ? Sam lift a metal door . Bright light pour down into the passageway . ext . los feliz boulevard - late day 125 Sam emerge in the parking lot of the 76 gas station near hillhurst and Los feliz . the street be bustling . the sun peek through the cloud . Music zip past Sam as car race by in both direction . Lady gaga . Neil diamond . David bowie . cher. Jesus and the bride of dracula . just piece . fragment and warpe together by the doppler effect . all song become one singular melody ... I be pickin ' up good vibration she givin ' I excitation good good good gooooood vibraazzzgwuqhewuwjhhajasodasdkasdasda ! !!! Sam walk along the busy road of Los feliz . Cars race by . loudly . Sam be in a daze . ext . los feliz boulevard - late day 126 Sam stare up at the hill above the tree . he squint and strain , imagine 8 - bit egyptian maze and tomb from Super mario bros . 2 - superimpose over the hillside . ( continued ) 126 127 128 146 . continued : 126 a sort of X - Ray vision ... sweeping slowly across the horizon . Sam imagine level after level of mario-esque tunnel within the majestic green hillside . be this what 's underneath ? ext . los feliz boulevard - late day 127 Sam pass some latino teenager picnick near the mulholland Memorial fountain . the kid be listen to music as they eat they food . madonna 's " Express yourself " play loudly from the cheap portable speaker on they blanket ... you do not need diamond ring or eighteen karat gold Fancy car that go very fast you know they never last , no , no what you need be a big strong hand to lift you to you higher ground make you feel like a queen on a throne make he love you till you can not come down you will never come down Sam cross the I - 5 overpass . traffic be thick . the car move slowly now - bumper to bumper down Los feliz . Sam look at they as he walk along . below he , car idle along the I - 5 freeway . here be the site of Kevin mccarthy 's dramatic plea for help at the conclusion of " invasion of the body snatcher " . should Sam scream a warning ? yell out to the pass car ? he say nothing . watch they pass . remain silent . ext . los feliz boulevard - late day 128 Sam walk along the sidewalk , pass by the contact lens billboard . worker be switch out the signage . the contact lens ad be be replace with a McDonalds advertisement . ( continued ) 128 129 130 131 147 . continued : 128 Sam ' ex-girlfriend 's face be cut in half - partially cover by Ronald McDonald 's grin . the oddly divide girl look down at Sam and the pass car of Los feliz boulevard . her subtle expression be supplant by Ronald 's enormous and disturbing smile . ext . village bakery - late day 129 Sam pass by the coffee shop . he look inside at the pretty bakery girl . they laugh and chatter as they clean the counter and flip chair onto table . he see they through the window 's fade sharpie handwrite - still visible across the glass . beware the dog killer int . sam' apartment - dusk 130 Sam enter he apartment with a bag of grocery . he ignore the large , spray - paint mark across he dining room wall . °c Sam unload the bag : a 2 - quart container of tropicana original Orange juice and a box of nabisco original premium saltine cracker . he set the grocery on the counter alongside a open priority envelope . int . sam' apartment - dusk 131 Sam be sit on the couch , stare at the July 1970 playboy cover . in the background , the grocery remain along the counter - though open . cracker spread like dominos out of they plastic bag . a pulp cover glass of orange juice - half drunk . Sarah 's picture rest on Sam 's lap . the gun sit neatly on the white cb2 tv tray before he . his dusty vcr be on the carpet - cable and plug run from it to the back of the tv . a shaky vhs recording play on the television . it be " seventh Heaven " . Janet gaynor cry and emote with grand perfection and beauty . ( continued ) 131 132 133 148 . continued : 131 Sam 's nintendo lie on the carpet next to the vcr . a tangle mess of chord and old entertainment technology . the upside down playmate stare at Sam ... from under the blue water . he hear the parrot caw . parrot ( 0.s. ) rrrottafendnnnddddd ! Sam look towards the window . breathe slowly . debate . eye unblink . ext . apartment hallway - dusk 132 Sam stand in the hallway , knock on a apartment door the Bird woman open the door , wear a t-shirt and no bra . she look at Sam with a suspicious expression . the look of a housewife greeting a door- to - door salesman . Sam smile to she . int . bird woman' apartment - night 133 Sam and the Bird woman lie naked on the live room floor - sweaty and tired . a throw - rug under they body . a couch cushion under they head . the topless Bird woman nuzzle close to Sam . affectionate . she smell he chest and shoulder . topless bird woman be that patchouli ? SAM no. the parrot caw from outside on the woman 's balcony . Sam look towards it - perch in its cage . parrot nawwwwwddduuumeennndd SAM what 's the bird say ? the Bird woman look back toward the patio . she shake she head . ( continued ) 133 134 149 . continued : 133 bird woman I do not know . honestly , I have always wonder , but I have no idea . Sam nod he head and stare at the bird . it shout once more . he take it in . ext . topless bird woman' balcony - night 134 Sam stand alone on the woman 's balcony . the bird be quiet in they cage . Gentle rustling . lighting a cigarette , Sam look across the courtyard to he own apartment - hide in the tree and foliage . he look through the open window into he home . it 's quiet and still . finally ... Sam 's front door open , and the apartment manager step into the dimly light live room . the sheriff follow he inside . Sam watch the man , from he hide perch , as they sift through he thing , point at the wall and shaking they head . Sam exhales smoke ... the end credit Roll . we hear rem 's " strange currency " ... sincere voice ( sing ) I do not know why you be mean to I when I call on the telephone ... and I do not know what you mean to I , but I want to turn you on , turn you up figure you out ... I want to take you on ... this word " you will be mine " this word " you will be mine " ... all the time ... cn ete ee not ae me. ante — eat pepa ves x be mar che id seal op '' ai ome broad De pe wee ee eee tah ee of veteaeee ls ona Te seca . 6 be oe sacre} — we th sota , tee oo oe sas eee eet ) soe , p ee |