baar entertainment filnnnation entertainment under the skin in under the skin , the startlingly original science fiction film from visionary director Jonathan glazer ( birth , sexy Beast ) , we be introduce to a new monster . a monster for we time . scarlett johansson ( ron man 2 , lose in translation ) play a alien that take the perfect synthetic form of a irresistibly allure woman . she drive remote highway seek the resource she be here to collect - we - and snaring it with she sexuality . it be deadly efficient , but over time it become intrigue by emotion it never know exist . drawn to we humanity , ' it 's slowly become ' she’ . as she empathy grow , she resolve weaken and she go ‘off mission 's , set herself on a collision course with she own kind . nerve shatter , sexy , provocative and utterly compelling , under the skin be a film about we world see through alien eye , which promise to be one of the most talk about film of 2011 . under the skin be available for you territory . we look forward to discuss with you further ! best , Glen basner Rob carney tara erer t + 1 917.484.8900 f£ .1 917.484.8901 filmnation entertainment 150 west 22nd st , 9th floor new york , ny 10011 www.wearefilmnation , com under the skin written by : walter campbell and jonathan glazer base on the novel by : michel faber to be direct by : jonathan glazer filnnation entertainment director 's statement I remember the first time I see the image of this planet as photograph by man . the blue , life -give glow of earth hold like a only child in the black eternal void . that God - like perspective define we as a species which be transcend its physical limitation . in that image both we power and we fragility come into sharp focus . it be a very allure vision . as I begin to imagine this story , I picture a alien see this . I imagine that even if it know nothing of the earth 's rich bounty , it would still be draw here . what if this traveller through timeless distance could look upon this jewel of a planet and see nothing of its beauty or its wonder but rather a equation ? perhaps in the same way the conquistador go in search of new world , drive by the unfetter arrogance of commercial opportunity . look down at we the way a lion look at a lamb . a be that be somehow the opposite of we or a extrapolation of what we might become . think from inside this alien perspective I be strike by the horror of that absence . the sheer emptiness of a existence without the central tenet of humanity . in faber 's book , the story be one in which the two alien be immerse into human form . conceal to appear and act exactly like we . then transport to earth to hunt we . we be a equivalent perhaps to chocolate or tobacco . for the purpose of this statement I be go to concentrate on one of this . a alien disguise as a allure woman . I wonder what would happen to such a creature during its work here , if it be put in the way of subtle , fragile , tenuous , human event . what might that immersion into we consciousness lead to ? what if the alien against its will become human ? what if it turn to face its own blind spot ? come to recognize its own horror ? witness that transformation be central to the heart of we story . the unwitting discovery of human self as ' it 's become ' she 's . a great monster be one we recognize ourselves within . the quintessential moment in frankenstein be when boris karloff pick flower with the little girl by the lake . the proximity of that two sit beside each other be where horror reside . the corruption of many body to make a incomplete whole , yet a fragile heart somehow retain within its monstrosity . with this alien we be create a new frankenstein . a new dracula . a new monster for we time . the aim of we film be to seduce the audience , frighten they , disrupt they , provoke they , enthral they . to show they something they have never see . Jonathan glazer ext . scotland . highland . night . 1 we open on fire raging . we be look at a wild bonfire on the edge of a gulley . the flame be so high they swirl into the black sky above the tree . through the flame and against they we see the thrashing movement of a naked female figure , mid 20' , which gyrate , writhes and flexe . her eye roll in a strange , deaden ecstasy as she dance to some unheard music and the tongue protrude taste the smoking air . the scene be elemental , rapturous , primitive . the smoke pour off the blaze as she body shake like a rattlesnake tail . she show no pain or pleasure as she cavort , and fling she sweat and stomp in abandonment with arm outstretch . the body ooze vulgar insanity . it 's like watch sin . ext . scotland . lowland road . night . 2 a light advance towards we along a rain -swept road . it be move fast and its distant drine get ever louder . rain bounce off the tarmac as a motorbike lash through frame . ext . scotland . highland . night . 3 the Fire woman be spin out of control against the flame , then down she go into the mud , collapse under the force of abandonment . she be fade away as the fire rage higher than ever . now she be on she knee , she head be fold down , the flame lick at she , steam shimmer off she body . ext . scotland . highland road . night . 4 the bike climb up banking turn . it grind hard against the pull of the incline , thunder on up the twist rock -strewn curve towards the summit . 2. advance through swirl of smoke , the rider slow into a gully where the smoke hang thicker and billow in the intense heat and gust chill . the wet road gleam with the reflection of flame swirl above . then he see the pale figure lie there in the glisten mud at the base of the roaring fire . he dismount and remove he helmet . the bad man . he hurry to she and lift she up out of the mud . he look into the body , not the face but the centre of the limp doll he be hold . he shake it . shake it again until the eye seem to open . he help she to she foot , help she to recover , then steady she as they walk out of frame . int . a black void . 5 a black screen . thick ' hubble bubble toil and trouble ' cauldron black liquid . the black of nightmare , which curdle and boil , and spit with toxic malice . it convulse , then fold in on itself , as if suppress some instinct to surge . then a flux , and intricate structure begin to grow from this black mass , conjure like some abominable spell . something be articulate itself into form . a surface bulge develop a protrusion and from it emerge a long weaving black limb . like a live tentacle . the limb unfurl with a unpleasant manner , snake forward with a meander reach . it be soon free from the body of the black mass and move across a white , flaring surface . we feel other movement within it as it slip toward we . here and there , a sudden gleam reveal a spike . they thicken and waver , then become solid with intent . plume of spike flourish , then fold into a triangular form , shocking in its geometric perfection . then a slither of flat , rectangular black . then a cube . then a octahedron . the side multiply exponentially until it become a sphere . it 's as if it 's express that it can become anything . it hover in a expanse of white , flaring , beautiful light . now a colorless circle , like the skin of a drum , appear and align with the black sphere . it fold itself over , cover it . we recognize its detail as the part of a human eye . we see the pupil that sit within the iris be not a black lens as we expect , but a perfect cylindrical cavity reach back through the sphere . now a black tendril align itself with the cavity . it slide through the back to the other end through the space where the pupil should be . the form that be a sphere be now a eye , indecipherable from the real thing . a tongue be in the space , flanke by two eye just above . the formation drift into position alongside a motionless , human , female face , like hum bird hover at a flower . the mouth and eye socket open perversely wide . the tongue enter . and dock . the cavernous mouth close . the sphere enter they two cavity as if draw on thread . the eyelid close . the lid open again . eye shimmer in the gloom , brand new and clear . we close into the bright twin form until ray pour in and the eyehole shape fill with light . the two ellipse blend into one viewpoint . 4 . and through they , through ' she ' eye , we see the perfect sphere of earth as see from space . a black hand - shape slip inside the flaccid synthetic glove of a human hand . the finger stiffen then splay , the internal hand stretch into command of the puppet around it . the finger wriggle provocatively then clench into a fist . a photorealistic masquerade of bone , knuckle , vein and musculature harden into this little boulder of attitude . now we cut to she actual Pov . the camera as a eye . which look down at the two hand in front of we . we lift they closer to study they . the fist point towards we , knuckle on , full of portent . then it be lower . Beyond they , still look down , we see we foot stand on this flaring white light which be everywhere . then they begin to walk and of course we walk with they , all the time look down on they as if they be we own . Left foot then right then leave and so on . we look over the top of we breast and dip further over they as if we could crane we neck at a impossible angle to see we navel and we pubis . then , still look down at we own walk body we viewpoint arc to the leave so we be now look down at the top of we own shoulder . then we viewpoint rotate across the shoulder so we be now look at we back and the top of we buttock and again crane further out to watch the back of we calve as this craft , this body , continue its slow walk forward . it 's as though we have rotate we whole head 180 degree to view this impossible angle of ourself . then we body stop , and as it do so , we viewpoint come back round over we shoulder , still look down , and back round to the front . now we viewpoint lift and we cut to a image of the whole of she . a serene , assure young woman - black hair , beautiful skin . all be wonderfully charge yet also dormant . a picture of indomitable femininity . we be study the anatomy in some detail . shoulder , knee , abdomen , nipple . but non -sexually . non fetishistic . factual . anatomical . like a technician might inspect a car fresh off a production line . int . a white void . 6 the Fire woman be lie on a pure white block like a art exhibit . White flesh on ice white stone . her bedraggle , muddy body lie motionless , like a cadaver . her eye stare unblink at the endless white haze above she . a elegant figure move toward the body , the Young woman . she stop in front of the white block and regards she . she look at she the way she might look at a blank wall she may be think of painting or pull down . her eye travel over the flesh . then they halt they detach flow across this pale landscape as something pique they interest . a small dot scurrying along the undulation of the stomach . she move closer to the body and extend she fingertip to the woman 's shoulder , intercept the path of the dot , a ant , which stop in front of the huge obstacle . its antennae feel it with curiosity and caution , then it walk up onto the fingertip . the Young woman bring the finger up to she face so she can watch the earthly stowaway more closely . it remain suddenly dead still except for its slowly waver antennae . ext . scotland . the sea . pre -dawn . 7 something be happen in the sky above the sea . inexplicable , effortless , beyond logic . 6 . a thin , rectangular line of pure white light about two mile long be hold in perfect parallel with the horizon . it sit motionless a hundred and fifty foot above the surface , and three mile off shore . it be beautiful - as harmonious as it be worry . complete omnipotence . the sea beneath it be millpond calm . a gentle tide sweeping into the shore be all that can be hear . Far out , something be move slowly towards we . a refractory imperfection of the light on the water 's surface . it be a object move on the water towards we . as we watch its approach , we eventually see what it be . a boat . a fifteen - foot long , black , wooden skiff glide towards we . seemingly under its own steam as if a giant finger have propel it . soon it be in the shallow and the hull glide into a grind against the pebble . from behind camera , the bad man enter frame . what tell we he 's not human be that he 's not look at that thing in the sky . his attention be totally on the boat instead . as he reach the bow , he drag it up onto the stone . the bad man now throw back a cover to reveal the Young woman , vacuum - pack in transparent material . the bad man steady the boat in the swell . he take out a knife , make a few deat cut in the package . there be no sudden gasp for air or dramatic come to life . the naked female simply step out of its plastic sheathing , and then from the boat onto the shore . the bad man throw a blanket round she . she wait there silently in the half - light with a look of abstraction . the bad man push the boat adrift again . the two figure turn and walk shoulder to shoulder up the beach . it 's here , as we pan away from the sea to follow they walk , that we see where we be . 10 the wild landscape of Northern Scotland . not a word have be speak , not a gesture impart . the epic light in the sky remain . the figure emerge through a bluff of sand to find a white transit van park with its back to the sea . int . white van . moving . road . continuous . 8 the Young woman step into the back of the van . she fold herself daintily past the heavy motorbike hold in place with industrial strap and between the hang clothes that make a crumpling sound above she . she clear a space between bag , empty shoebox and discard undergarment . the bad man shut the door and we hear he footstep move around to the side of the van and get in . she pull she angular limb into some pants and a bra . the van trundle off as she gather clothes from the collection that hang about she . the thing of the world be dress onto she . shirt , skirt , shoe , coat ... she open a box in front of she revealing document and credit card all bear she photograph and the name '' ms. LAURA flynn '' . she begin to put they into a small handbag . dissolve to : ext . urban shopping centre . car park . day . 9 the van glide into the row of park car eventually turn into a vacant space . it be Laura who get out . she lock the van and we pull away from she as she walk towards a bustling shopping centre . int . urban shopping centre . concourse . continuous . 10 Laura step out of a lift into the concourse and the echoing hubbub flood in from all direction . she walk purposefully along the bright marble walkway . 11 12 8 . as she move into the throng , we see head turn . Men and woman stop in they track . here come life ; lusty , bold , outrageous life , drip with vitality . she move on through the melee of people - woman with swish shopping bag , mother with buggy , invalid in motorize chair , candyfloss - haire pensioner , teenager . she walk into the cosmetics area of a busy department store . int . urban shopping centre . cosmetics department . continuous . everywhere be colorful , flamboyant bling and blaze . fluorescent light , a myriad of counter , mirror , heavily make - up sale assistant pamper customer . lipstick , mascaras , brushes , hair product , skin product , tower of hair extension . a palace in the service of beauty . [ much of this sequence will be shot with hide camera in order to observe she within real situation . this technique will allow we intimate access to the wonderful raw experience of human life . human being see through alien eye . ] Laura 's finger sweep over trays of nail polish and pick out one or two . then the select fingertip drift on to mascaras and lipstick . we drift towards she head , and then to she ear almost as if we be about to fall into it . she listen to the myriad of word and blast noise . the absorption of it all be palpable . we hear snatch of conversation about boyfriend or job or life in general . Laura be at the counter have pay and be put all this thing into she bag . she become aware of two security men who have position themselves to enjoy she exit . one be on he walkie-talkie most likely alert other . int . urban shopping centre . concourse . continuous . 12 Laura step back out into the throng of the concourse and immediately we see another security man notice she from across the atrium . 13 9 . he furtively bring he walkie-talkie a little closer to he chin . his eye track with she as she move . she look up at the mezzanine balcony . on all four level of the atrium we see security men lean over balustrade , peer down at the beautiful shopper . she be almost back at the lift , but as she leave , we see she look intently at a man with a large rucksack , a vagrant fishing a discard burger from a bin before move on . her attention be completely on he . she be watch which way he exit the building . he move onto the road through the glass frontage . the door of the elevator shut as Laura get out she parking ticket and she key . ext . urban shopping centre . service station . day . 13 Laura replace the nozzle in the petrol pump and cross the forecourt to pay . she pass a salesman . his head be bow as he pump , but he 's stare up though he eyebrow at every tilt of she body . behind she , a roadster at a pump . Inside , three young lad . the driver revs the engine lustfully . the roadster drive off , tyre smoking . Laura keep move . she focus on a hitchhiker walk backwards on the main road . he hold up a cardboard sign with one word on it . '' mercy '' . he smile at a thunder truck . it rumble on unaware of the smile . he stop smile . he 's the same vagrant she see in the shopping centre . pure coincidence . Laura move more urgently now into the shop . another lad , who 's pay and leave , stare transfix as they pass . 14 15 10 . int . urban shopping centre . service station shop . day . 14 she approach the counter brandish a card . give it to the cashier girl . LAURA number three . the roadster peel back down the road to the station , hit the brake and spin . smoke pour from wheel arch as it doughnut aggressively . the transfix lad be right by the shop window now , stare in at Laura like a zombie . the cashier girl look at she curiously . cashier girl you have set they off . ( shout over she shoulder into the back room ) Stuart , can you call the police ! the girl hand Laura she card and receipt . LAURA thank you . Laura turn to leave . ext . urban shopping centre . service station . continuous . 15 the driver 's door of the roadster open and a gangly teenager , get out . he move toward Laura . gangly teenager we be go for a wee drink down the road . do you fancy it ? she keep walk but he step into she path . gangly teenager ( cont 'd ) just fuck stand still a minute . Laura stop . then the salesman pipe up . salesman can you no leave she be ? gangly teenager ( zero tolerance ) what the fuck do you think you be do ! the teenager shift the focus of he adrenalin and walk up to the salesman . the three other lad pile out of the car . 16 will . Laura resume she walk to the van . what happen now be of no consequence to she . it 's peripheral noise . her focus be on the hitchhiker on the main road beyond . gangly teenager ( cont 'd ) what else ?! salesman ( plead for calm ) alright , alright ... the teenager look at he hard . then turn to he mate . gangly teenager I think he know what 's come ! the lad laugh like drain . suddenly the teenager swivel and lash one into the salesman 's face . down go the salesman . Laura get in she van . the teenager stamp down on he back . gangly teenager ( cont 'd ) ( like a diagnosis ) wheelchair . the salesman fold up in agony . Laura start the engine . gangly teenager ( cont 'd ) ( manic laugh ) oh , he 's do he ! he 's do he ! he do not look happy ! Laura pull away , leave this turbulent testosterone wake . int . laura' van . moving . continuous . 16 her eye scan for that hitchhiker as she accelerate onto the main road . then she see he up ahead , he 's walk backwards with he sign hold out . she slow to compose herself . everything be in order . she refocus on he . but then a car pull out of the junction ahead of she . the hitchhiker 's thumb shoot out . Laura speed up . 17 18 12 . but too late . the car ahead pull in . she roll past as he get in . the rearview mirror show a old man drive the car . he 's laugh and offer a cigarette to the hitchhiker . she refocus on the distant highway . unmove . int . LAURA 's van - moving . short while later . 17 Laura come to a roundabout . she roll round it twice , assess the best route to take . finally , she choose one , indicate and head off along it . int . white van . trunk road . night . 18 a sign be hold in the headlight of Laura 's van . stranraer 14 mile . she plow on through the miserable rain . Movement up ahead , and she ease off . the beam find a figure . it half turn . a bomber jacket with a green football shirt underneath and a green scarf wrap around the head . a bag over its shoulder . she slow more . he tug the scarf down to show he face in the beam . he 's a beefy farm boy . she pull up . the window open to a gust howl . his eye widen as he see who 's drive . LAURA be you go to stranraer ? football fan I be catch the boat . I have get to get to a match . LAURA I be go that way . but I be just wary who I pick up . football fan Fair enough . LAURA have not you get any friend or family who will take you ? 13 . football fan no. nobody like I . LAURA no wife ? football fan ( perish the think ) Nah . LAURA or girlfriend ? football fan Nah , I be totally available at the minute . LAURA ( play dumb ) be you a football player ? football fan do not be daft , I be too fuckin’ fat ! hibs be play glentor in belfast . I do not play football . I watch football . and I watch fuck hibs . be I get any closer to get in ? LAURA when do you have to be back at work ? football fan I sign on again at the end of the month . a thunderous shake as a truck boom past . football fan ( cont 'd ) listen love , be you go to give I a lift ? cos if not , I 'il crack on . LAURA what 's in the bag ? he heft the bag up to the window and unzip it to reveal ball up clothes . he look at she . LAURA cont 'd ) put it in the back . he get in . Laura pull out . he wipe the rain off he face with the end of he scarf . 14 . football fan so what 's you story ? LAURA what do you mean ? football fan what be you head over for ? Laura turn to look at he . there be something wanton , almost pornographic , in she pretty face . LAURA oh , I be not . I be just drive up that way . I be just feel restless , you know , could not sleep . so I come out for a drive . football fan you be a right good look 'o girl to be riding around all alone at this time of night . Laura smile . LAURA do you think I ought to be more careful ? football fan aye , I do . he look at she and a glimmer of caution flicker in he eye . he look to the space about she - to the little compartment in the door and to the glove box . football fan ( cont 'd ) you should have some of that stuff you can spray ... it 's like tear gas . or a gun . if you be a american you would have a gun . Laura seem not to be attend to he warning and she causality reassure he . he smile a little at what he perceive to be she innocence . football fan ( cont 'd ) they be not all as nice as I you know . LAURA what time 's the ferry at ? 19 football fan there 's one at three and one at six . Laura swivel she torso a little in he direction . a piggy eyeful of the goods . LAURA do you really never miss a match ? he smile . football fan you be a right wee chancer . 15 . give he he take a long look at she . the good fortune sink in . LAURA I have a place about a hour in the other direction . football fan and who else have to give this idea the nod ? LAURA just we . football fan ( with profundity ) all my life I have be a hibs fan and I have never miss a match . LAURA well .. ext . road . same . the van slow . signal to pull over . stop . it idle in the rain signal . then the signal flip to the other side . the van swing into a u-turn . 19 we see Laura serious , stare into the night . he lean back smile and unfurl he hibs scarf out of the window in victory . everything be heighten , the silence , the air , he heart rate , the suppress desire , the over come - on . the straight road race as the undulate headlight play over black tarmac . 16 . up ahead we see a bend come , and beyond the road the wood seem darker and more cavernous than ever . the headlight point right into they without find detail , just a black void , and the beam reach into it . as the van reach the bend , we expect Laura to turn the wheel into it ... but instead the van plunge straight ahead . he gasp ( as we do ) expect the jolt and thud of some violent impact , but it do not come . the anticipate crash do not happen . the van roll on smoother than ever . there must have be a road there . one that she see but we do not . he half - squint down the beam of the headlight , confuse that he can not see any detail out there . just impenetrable blackness . the road underneath the wheel sound very different too . smooth . too smooth . like drive on ice , no rumble . she slow and gradually , without a word , the van come to rest . he look at she , she seem happy , so everything must be fine then . LAURA come on Colin . she open the door and step out . her heel click and echo on the infinite black marble floor which have appear here - where there should be a forest . she beckon he . he step out , aware only of she and what he mind be tell he might be about to happen . he pull he hibs scarf from the window , and tie it round he neck as he get out . we follow close on he back now , she just ahead turn and undress , lead he into this black world illuminate by the reach of the van 's headlight . Colin grin , remove he jacket . colin ( lusty ) there be a God . 20 17 . she back away sensuously . he step eagerly towards she . he remove he football shirt , grimy vest , belt , boot , another boot , jeans , pants . she remove more of she clothes as she walk seductively ahead of he , deeper into the blackness . he 's naked now , except for he scarf . his big finger slip the knot of he thick green scarf with all the erotic crescendo of a LA stripper . suddenly , the shiny black floor start to give way beneath he , soften like molass . his foot descend into the ooze but undaunted , he stride on . deeper and deeper into the thick black liquid he sink , and as he do we recognize this pit as that same evil soup from which Laura be form . but as if blind to this madness , he stride deeper and deeper with each step . his eye and he mind be lock on she alone . oblivious to the bizarre fall away of the world as we know it . he 's wading waist - deep now , eye still lock trance - like , drive forward feverishly , strain against the pull of this abominable black quicksand . down and down he go until completely submerge in the syrupy black darkness . go . the floor reform . int . laura' van . day . 20 Laura sit behind the wheel . her hand move at she side then draw up she circular compact mirror . it click open and with only a functional interest , she set herself to rights . she reapplies lipstick , re-varnish to a perfect gloss . she dab ultra black to the tip of she eyelash , enhance they to they ultimate , allure potential . 21 22 18 . the face trap in the circular glass be perfectly still and unattach to the proceeding throughout . the eye check the handiwork . the mirror snap flat and be set aside . the wrist turn the key , the gear engage and the game be on . int . laura' van . day . 21 a rather wired , bald man be stare at Laura , he shiny face glow hot with sexual arousal . he smile a hesitant , unpleasant smile . she glance at he from moment to moment as she weave along this wind road . he lick he lip nervously . then edge a little closer towards she . his hand slide slowly across the seat . his fingertip furtively reach and probe at the edge of she thigh , half - frighten they might arouse rebuttal . he look at she lasciviously , he tongue swell in he hot head . he look down at she smooth flesh , and gulp at the idea of it . he ease the hem of she skirt a little higher . Laura look down at she expose thigh then up at he and he eye fix on she flesh . LAURA do not get ahead of yourself . he retract he fingertip , fold he arm admonish and smile out of the window instead . LAURA ( cont 'd ) we be go to do this my way . they drive on now in the twist backwater of roll hill , on and on through dark , bleak field on either side . the wind howl round the van . soon Laura be turn into a wear track . ext . derelict house . short while later . 22 they arrive between half collapse shed draw into a sodden yard . 19 . she pull up and look at the man , she eye break loose with wild provocation . she back out of she seat , lithe and supple , open the door and ease out . the bald man ease out too , but he 's less assure in every way . as he drop down from the van , he thin shoe design for a night out in whatever silly , little bar she find he in , land straight into a puddle . the water fill he shoe in a split second somehow snap he out of he sexual stupor . she dangle she key seductively as she move towards the ruin of a house . he look surprised by the place she 's bring he to . it 's a million mile from the love nest he imagine . the house be a crumble wreck about ready for the bulldozer . he suddenly stop . bald man there 's someone in there ! as he speak the sound of he own word resonate in he bring a sudden alarm . LAURA what ? bald man ( point up ) I see that curtain move . she turn blank - face to look up at the house . we focus hard on the window and it be still as the crypt . a tiny slit of black run up one side of it where the curtain be badly hang but there be nothing there . she finish look up at the window and look back at he smile . he be still point at the window . LAURA there 's nothing there . she turn back towards the house . bald man I see something ... LAURA come on . the spell 20 . bald man no. LAURA why ? be you serious ?... there 's nothing there . bald man no ... I be not go in there . be really break now , and she know it . LAURA you be see thing . there 's no one in there . bald man there fuck well be . I see it right ... do you know who 's in there ? LAURA do not be silly . bald man why be it silly ? I be tell you there 's someone in there . Laura flash she most allure smile . LAURA well , I know there be not . bald man ( not have any of it ) Nah . Nah , nah , nah . I know what this be . you have get a bloke in there with a fuck bat ! you be go to fuck mug I ! what a fuck idiot ... bird like you want to fuck a bloke like I , do I a favor , this be a fuck set - up . she open the door and step inside . Beyond she he can just see the dank interior of the building . the dilapidation around the door frame be obvious even in this light , but beyond the threshold , just the vortex of darkness blacker than everything else . she turn in the doorway lean forward , eye wide say '' what 's the problem ! yo exasperate and still key up with suspicion , he look into the darkness , peer past she and into it for a moment , silent , consider he option . 23 21 . from the darkness she voice softly speak . LAURA there 's no one in here . just I . come on ... he have to move forward to hear what she 's say . furious and still completely sure he 's see something , he stop in the puddle just before the stoop . he gather he thin jacket close to he . bald man I know what I see and that 's that . LAURA it be the wind . so what !? he do not really know where he be . he start to doubt himself . he look up at the front of the house . he look back at the van long to get in it and leave . LAURA ( cont 'd ) come on . he fish a lighter out of he pocket and strike it , shelter it from the rain . the faint light illuminate Laura 's smile face . he venture in . bald man if someone jump I in here ... Laura laugh a coquettish laugh . he shut the door . int . glasgow housing estate . day . 23 Laura 's eye be set on a young man who be cut down from the main road across a bit of communal grass . he jump a railing . he be pale and so thin a light breeze could blow he over . his eye be tired the way a man of eighteen should not be . Dark and sink with break vein about the temple . she be try to anticipate he next turn when , as if suddenly aware of himself , he turn back on himself a few step and slip into a doorway . she stop and watch . 22 . another figure come and they speak through the glass , the lean man lean close to hear . Laura pull into the curb and stop . the lean man be talk fast , he eye suddenly earnest . the figure inside move hesitantly behind the frost ripple glass . a little figure appear on the street . a SMALL hooded person walk towards the van , a cigarette hold by its side and smoke peel off it . he seem set to walk straight past the van but stop abruptly right by the window and look in at Laura . the top half of the Hood be all that be visible from inside the van . Laura look down at it unmove , and it stare back equally unflinch . then a little voice come , muffle as if not really try to be hear . hood be you lose ? silence . hood ( cont 'd ) you there ... be you lose ? silence . hood ( cont 'd ) be you lose ? Laura turn away to look back at the lean man . the door he be speak at open a touch . hood ( cont 'd ) can you not hear I ? open the window a bit . the Hood tap the window gently and wave a little hand in the international sign for ' lower the window 's . Laura lower the window a little crack . hood ( cont 'd ) you in there ... good look ! be you lose be it ? LAURA no. 23 . hood you wait for somebody ? LAURA yes . another lad be slip through the railing the lean man jump a few moment ago . he 's shaven head and expressionless except for eye that dart to the little figure next to the window from time to time . Laura look towards the lean man and the door that he 's in front of , which open to let he slip inside . hood who 's that then ? LAURA a friend . hood aye but who be it ... you know what I mean ... I be want a name or two see . we see another lad come out of one of the block and stroll over . hood ( cont 'd ) I know everybody from about here you see ... so I could go and hurry they along a bit so you would not have tee be sit about like a cunt . the boy nearest allow himself a smirk at the remark but then he face return to nothingness . hood ( cont 'd ) you dinna want tee be hang about this street like a cunt . LAURA I be fine do not worry . hood I be not worry . who be it you be wait on then ? another SMALL figure cross towards the van so as to block its route down the road . a glance in the rear view mirror reveal one more strolling toward the van also in the road . she start the engine but the kid in the road be right in front of the van now . 24 . hood ( cont 'd ) why do not you open the window when I be talk to you ? LAURA I think you would ... hood you be talk out of you arse ... you be a oul whore be not yee , wait about tee suck we cock . someone somewhere thump the side of the van . it boom a metallic thud . the Hood flick he ciggy butt into the tiny gap that the window be open . spark burst inside the van as the butt ping off the dashboard . then another thud . the Hood batter the window . the lad at the front of the van spit on the windscreen . spit fly out of the Hood too , foul the side window . swear start in earnest now with venomous little sharp blow and kick punctuate the verbal attack . the side of the van be be pummelle now . the van be shaking , as other arrive to intimidate and drive off the intruder . this be they patch . they say what go on here . one of the feral lad have climb up onto the van and be jump on the roof . the thudding menace be deafen now , and swear of a extraordinary volatile nature ricochet around the van . we cut to a wide shot . suddenly the kid be scattered by two gun shot be fire from out of the crack of Laura 's open window . a moment later , the street be empty again and silent , as if none of it have happen . the metal echo of the shot seem to hang in the air . Laura start the van and move away without any fuss . 24 25 26 27 25 . half a minute later , and with no great effort , we hear the low hazy growl of a motorbike and suddenly the bad man sweep through the shot . straight down the middle of the road . the growl hum away into the distance . ext . lowland . day . 24 we be high up , look down at the undulate hill , sprawling woodland and long ribbon of grey road below . we see the van as little more than a move white dot from this vantage point . in its wake , we see the dot of black that be the bad man on he motorbike . we watch they travel always just out of sight of each other . int . a little village . day . 25 Sunshine . Laura 's van roll down the main drag of a village . the street be strangely empty . Laura slow . we take in she point of view as she look into a open door of the village store where a woman read the paper behind the counter . she roll past a bakery . a old dear wipe off she display case . we travel on , and past the open door of a pub . Inside , the space be cramme with man silently watch the national football team . engross by a penalty be take . as we reach the apex of we pass of the doorway , we hear a voice announce for a beat '' tonight could see this young man become ... '' the voice be lose , all the face remain lock . Laura refocus on the road and let the van gather speed along the empty street and out of the village into the country lane . ext . long road . day . 26 Laura 's van drive through the lowland . ext . coast road . day . 27 Laura be drive along the coast road near the sound of arisaig . the sun be strong . 28 26 . she see a half visible sign through a bush , 'beach ' , and turn . ext . beach car park . day . 28 a sprinkle of vehicle . Laura drive in , scan out the window she suddenly focus on something and stop . she park , then step out . lead over the dune towards the beach be the splatter of many footprint . she move along the path lead by the footprint , then suddenly break off it , drift away to the right , follow one distinct set . the footprint weave off along the dune eager to find a spot far away from all the other . she be draw with they . Far off she can see the main beach and its holiday - maker . ' there ' , be family and a stretch of sand , laughter and dog bark . ' here ' , be rocky and quiet . her eye scan about and find that significant footprint be - emerge by the shoreline . a lone man in cut - off jeans walk in the breaker . off to the west , a young couple sit on a rock . they watch they young child splash in a shallow pool , they dog leap in the surf . the low sun sparkles off the water around they . the couple lean closer and become one shape against the ocean . the space between they flash like a message . kiss - sparkle - kiss Laura focus on the lone man again . he be pull he shirt off . he 's about thirty , tone . he run towards the sea . in he go like a dart . Laura look at the muscular swimmer as she walk to the beach . the sun play around she perfect flesh and hair . 27 . he swim through the glitter like he 's on rail . Laura sit on the sand near he rucksack and boot . he come back into the shallow . distant laughter beckon he attention along the beach towards the family . Laura follow he gaze . the toddler splashes the dog as it bound between he rock pool and the tide . the father watch as the dog thrashes into the foam . giggles and yelp mingle with the wave . the young mother walk into the breaker . she laugh as the undertow shift she gently . now the swimmer be walk back towards he thing . as he approach , Laura smile . he almost stop dead in he track but make it to the rucksack . he pull out a towel and roll it around on he head . LAURA you be a good swimmer . swimmer be i? LAURA you seem good to I ... I never learn . swimmer well , you could still have a paddle . LAURA be it cold ? swimmer not too bad . LAURA you be not from here . swimmer no , I be from the Lake District . LAURA on holiday ? 28. swimmer no , I be not on holiday . I be live up here . LAURA all alone ? swimmer yes . LAURA do you live near here ? he point to a small orange triangle in the distant dune . swimmer I live there , in that tent . the distant tent flutter against the wind . a shout cut across everything . the young mother 's . the swimmer turn he attention from Laura and look across to the neighbor bay . Laura follow he gaze . the woman be walk waist deep towards she dog , which be swim out after its stick . the shout again from the woman to the animal but the drift of the stick be entice it farther out . the swimmer move away from Laura and back towards the water edge . now the dog be in the heavy water . the father call out to it . the child be still splash in he rock pool . the mother decide to swim out . it do not seem that far to the animal . she stroke out , then look up . she be feel the deep tug of the powerful undertow and become unnerve . the husband edge deeper into the breaker expect he wife to turn back . she set to again but she stroke be erratic . the dog be go from he thought now although yelp signal it 's in serious trouble . 29 . sweat break on the husband and he eye fill with alarm as he wife go under for the first time . he plunge in . the mother 's face be freeze in realization as the wave seem to push at she from all side . her open mouth gasp for oxygen and help . no sound . gull scream above . the swimmer be now run away from Laura and down the beach . the husband plough through the water towards he wife . in another dozen stroke he will be in with she and in the grip of the rip tide too . the swimmer be run hard and hit the water like a torpedo . he be move rapidly towards they . the tide draw she harder and the distance between she and she husband open up . she go down for the second time . the husband be push after she , he fear draw he energy at every stroke . the wife flail then go under . go . the husband gasp with dread , and feel the tide pull around he try to hasten he stroke . suddenly the swimmer be at he shoulder . the husband kick away from he , but he energy be almost spend . the swimmer try to wrestle for control . him against the pull , the husband writhe to free himself . the swimmer force the fight out of he with a clench then flip back , drag the husband against the current . the swimmer throw exhaust stroke , digging clear of the turbulent water . stroke clear , kick clear , clear . as he foot touch down , the swimmer drag the man away from the draw of the tide . 29 30 . he battle hard for every step until he leg start to buckle with fatigue . with the last of he strength he push the man out then collapse into the sand , chest heaving , eye swim with fainting delirium . the exhaust husband stand ... and walk back out to sea . the swimmer try to raise himself . tries to follow . but he 's spend . the husband claw he way deeper out into the swell , manic , fuelle by adrenalin . he 's carry away by it , flail like a rag-doll ... then he 's go . Laura be look . nothing . no response . ext . beach . short while later . 29 the toddler be stand a few foot from the wave , he little face wet with tear but no sobbing . the swimmer 's body be half out the water . Laura enter frame without urgency and lean over the swimmer . she study he face as he pass out . she take hold of he at the belt buckle and heave he away from the tide . the child , numb with fear , start to utter half - form word manically , over and over . child daddy go !? mummy go !? as if unaware of the child 's presence , she pass it as she haul she prize towards the dune , stop from time to time to get a better grip . the bemuse child stay put , watch the jolt of every wave with despair and hope . it point out to the horizon , implore Laura to do something . child ( cont 'd ) daddy go ! mummy go ! ' 30 31 31 . Laura spot the swimmer 's abandon rucksack a short distance away . she release she white - knuckle grip on the body , let it slump , then go to retrieve the bag . she put it over she shoulder and tighten the strap across she body , so as not to interfere with the job at hand . as she take she bearing again , she see he body move . his elbow be push into the sand in a effort to raise he groggy head up . Dead -ey , she set off towards he urgently , pluck a large stone from the sand as she go . she arrive , deliver a single , sharp blow to the back of he head . he slump flat out at she foot . she casually look about . find a path , she be off again . clear the dune she stop , cautious , as the car park loom . dissolve to : she half -stand , and watch the last vehicle pull away in the dusk light . only she car and a camper van remain . ext . beach car park . dusk . 30 she open the passenger door and lean he against the open . she haul the body up onto the seat , drag the leg into place , then fasten he in with the seat-belt . his head flop about . she steady it with she spare hand as she drive out across the bumpy car park to the road . int . van . road . dusk . 31 Laura drive . the swimmer wake suddenly . he look at she . his eye reach out the window and weave , try to understand where he be . he press he head in various place as if try to push he awareness back into place . we see he wince under the effort . 32 . LAURA we be nearly there . swimmer nearly where ? LAURA my place . he be wet . his bag be on the floor by he foot . this be he only certainty . swimmer what 's go on ? LAURA ( mock confuse ) I be Laura . swimmer ( bewilder ) where be he ? where 's the kid ? LAURA he 's fine . I know they should have take you to hospital . you come to , you say you be alright and you be happy to have I take you . swimmer be the dad ok ? I think the dad be go to go back in . LAURA no he do not go back in . you save he . I have never see anything like that . so brave . you say I be go to stop this and you do . you save that child 's father . she look at he with over adoration . like he could have anything he want . LAURA ( cont 'd ) you be a hero . swimmer I could not get the mother . LAURA what you do be a miracle . swimmer what be he name ? 32 33 . LAURA ( touch the swimmer 's leg reassuringly ) do you mean the little boy 's name ? the hand linger . dissolve to : ext . sand dune . night . 32 the bad man walk along the dune . he be make for the little orange tent the swimmer have point out from a distance . on arrival at the bedraggle tent he dip inside , fold away the wear blanket and pillow , and without break rhythm , start to dismantle the tent pole , peg and cord . he move inside and out expertly . bit by bit it roll away , create a tiny bundle that fit under he arm . he stand and look at the spot . all that be leave be a flatten rectangle in the sand . the wind be already blur the edge of the shape into obscurity . his task complete , he turn back towards the ridge of the dune and the car park it lead to . thirty foot along the ridge , the bad man see the boy have make he way to the path . the child be stand there in silent desperation , devoure by fear . he shiver a little under the bad man 's gaze and he eye roam about as he ponder what cry out actually achieve in a situation like this . the bad man look at the child without so much as a blink . he be cover with a dusting of sand especially around he nose and mouth where he tear and slobber have become cake with grit . we can see he 's try to eat the grass or dirt . his knee and hand be scratch from fall down and he face be weathered from exposure . his clothes be damp from the night in the open air . his reddene eye be already lose in shock . 33 34 . the bad man move on . the toddler try to follow as he pass by . a dry whimper murmur at he back as he rouse himself . the bad man turn to look at ' it’ with the sharp focus of a scientific instrument . the way a microscope look at a new germ or a jade doctor study a x-ray . there be no meaning in he gaze , he be simply measure equation , examine the possibility for the most expedient action . satisfied , or rather have understand the probability fully , he simply turn away . after a dozen step , the toddler realize the bad man 's leave . at first it be like a groan or a deep hum but as the distance between they open , the power of the sound increase in a astounding way . he now experience a squeal that reverberate on a cosmic level , a noise of such pitch as to stop the gull in the sky , to silence the wave . he hear it all the way to the motorbike and even as he kick - start the engine the sound still cut through . do he drive away in haste ? it 's hard to say . perhaps it 's just we wishing he to flee . perhaps it would just be more acceptable if he would , to escape this nerve-jangling howl . int . van . road . night . 33 Laura wait for the traffic light to turn green . a family SALOON pull up alongside . her attention be suddenly disrupt by a incredible noise . she turn as if command to look at its cause . there in the back seat be a tiny toddler bawling . its little cheek be wet with hot tear and snot . it be obliterate the air with a scream so desperate , as to suggest it might at any moment burst . the mother in the car seem calm , not unsympathetic but almost oblivious . now there be a rasp draw of breath , a beat , then incredibly the noise go up a notch . 34 35 . the sound echoe the desperation of the child on the beach . Laura 's eye be lock on it . the light change and the saloon pull away , take the urgent cry off into the distance . Laura be transfix for a moment , then she move to put the van in gear and pull away , but the light change to red again before she can . she sit there , she eye wander , then draw to the distant saloon still just visible far along the wind road . a unexpected beat of contemplative stillness ensue . we be see a burgeon . a residue of memory . and the meaning of the event she witness connect with she . another car come alongside . Laura see that the driver , a lad with a trendy haircut , be lean out the window try to talk to she . mate and girlfriend fill the car . Laura wind she window down and thudding music come into focus . trendy lad I think you be go to ignore I for a minute . LAURA no . trendy lad out dance tonight ? LAURA not tonight . with that , he jump the red light , the car bleed away into the night in its version of a burn-off . ext . road . night . 34 Laura drive . a man and woman emerge from bush . she drive on . two lad appear in the road . they smile and reach for the van 's wing mirror as she pass . 35 36 . she drive on . a sway bloke walk half in the road . his girlfriend be laugh . he raise he hand jubilantly as Laura pass . she drive on . ext . road . industrial estate . night . 35 Laura see a figure on the opposite side of the road thumbing a lift . he be alone except for a kebab which he attend to with gusto . Laura keep a bead on he as he turn away from the road towards a supermarket car-park . she drift down the road , scan , try to spot he . she stop and get out . she walk at he pace then slow . she can see headlight and other people move . a deep beat thud . too public , she turn to walk back to the van . a white stretch limo have pull up . a horde of women pour out . unsteady on they heel , some stumble with drunken abandon . they be giggle at anything - a drop hat be hilarious , a expose breast be gut -ach comedy . Laura be reach she key into the van door when one of the pass girl approach she . drunk girl hello love , yee alright there ? Laura nod quickly . the girl lean into she . drunk girl ( cont 'd ) yee be gorgeous yee ... what yee do out here all in the dark alone love ? have some cunt upset yee ? Laura intimate that she be about to leave . drunk girl ( cont 'd ) it 's only one o'clock hen , I be not let yeh go home yet . I be not let yeh . Girls come here , this lass be say she 's away home . have yee see she ? here love , show the girl ... 36 37 . she steer Laura towards the crowd of girl . they gather round peer in at she , then they start to chant . fourteen drunk scottish women ' come on out tee night ... come on out tee night ... look right tonight ... come on out tee night 's . skinny drunk girl look at she ... she look like a film star . she wave the girl away but they start to hug she with over - familiar zest . it 's all good humoure , but there 's a volatile energy to it . skinny drunk girl ( cont 'd ) have someone upset yee ? LAURA no . fat girl we be take you intee the party and we be gonna find out who 's upset yee . Laura be swallow into the happy throng . gather up in they flow towards the club entrance . she 's almost invisible in this moment , part of the party machine . big men in black jacket and other figure gather at the doorway of the ' Deer Park nightclub 's . lad be draw out by the high pitch energy of drunk girl on a hen night . int . deer park nightclub . short while later . 36 one of the girl , a drunk , sloppy blonde five year past she prime , lean in to Laura to be hear above the din of music . sloppy blonde you have get nice ear lobe . LAURA really ? sloppy blonde very pretty . Nice to nibble . she be close now , she breath hot on Laura 's neck . 38 . Laura allow she hand to come up and touch she ear lobe . LAURA I have never like ear nibble it give I the jitter . she take hold of Laura 's hand in a strange affectionate yet control grip . sloppy blonde you have get nice lip too . LAURA I be not the kind of woman who care to be touch by other woman . sloppy blonde why not ? LAURA I be not really interested in woman . sloppy blonde why not ? LAURA I prefer man . they be predictable . I like to be in control . sloppy blonde well you can control I . LAURA I find it easier to control man . she put the squeeze on , grip Laura 's hand like she 's hang on for dear life . sloppy blonde you think you be better than I ? the atmosphere be make tense by she sudden dislike . Laura deal with it by look into she eye , and meeting she tense grip with a smile . sloppy blonde ( cont ’d ) I be a smart woman you know . I be not be funny but there be not many smart woman about . I be a smart one , yeah , I be not here to be mug off . ( beat ) where you from ? LAURA do you know London ? 39 . sloppy blonde yes , I know London . who be you ? LAURA I be Laura . we meet a minute ago . sloppy blonde ( drunk certain ) you be not from London . something off about you . you be a wrong ’un . she throw down Laura 's hand . Laura be swallow up by the sudden , collective mass of dance body . Party people shoulder to shoulder . the drunken girl be go wild . light strobe , music boom . Laura be at the centre of the action . a lean little man be dance close to get she attention . his move come thick and fast . the girl notice . the fat girl lean in between the little man and Laura . fat drunk girl throw he back , he 's a tiddler ! the little man look offended , but he style it out try to show he worth with a uncertain smile . there be a building energy as she turn away and look into the crowd . the embarrassed little man moonwalk away . Men be stare at she from all direction . some openly , some furtive . another bloke start to dance in front of she . he smile hard into she the whole time . other man hover , they eye lock on she . people be talk to she . lad laugh at nothing , hope she will join in . she do . a couple start snogging nearby . the man overtly look at Laura as he force he tongue hard into he girl 's head . the dance and music build . 37 40 . the girl be all go wild , spin like dervish and bray like donkey . a spotlight find they . dj ( over the p.a. ) Holy moly !! the girl laugh , flatter by the attention . Laura duck instantly and flee . from above , we see she squeeze away through the endless frenzy of body . she try another direction . we shift with she . she turn again , look for a different path . then a strobe light kick in . a disorient pulse of light and dark . flash frame of outline , then form , outline - form . she look about she , gaug a route off the dance floor . sudden , hiss blast from smoke machine belch cloud of white fog . everything be engulf now - no warning - distance and intimacy be as one . hand loom touch she , turn she . face leer inch from hers , body bump and grind in whiteout . the light flutter fusing the whirl of limb and sound into a psycho-fairground ride . everything be flip and twisted and she 's lose in it . consternation . overload . her head be swirl like something 's go to fuse . her warning light be flash red . out ! she need to get out ! int . deer park nightclub . red corridor . moment later . 37 Laura move anxiously along a curve red corridor . look back to check the wild girl be not follow . walk wounded litter the long corridor . 38 39 4l . a girl overcome with booze , leg splay out . a underage lad gag air into the floor . on the curving red wall , she see a ' exit 's sign . she quicken in its direction . thing quieten as she walk deeper into its long red plush - ness . she stop . another ' exit 's sign point back in the direction she come from . she turn back on herself . she see a door open up ahead . a girl emerge . Laura head for that door . int . deer park nightclub . bathroom . continuous . 38 enter , she be confront by a line of ten identical door . she turn to see a mirror wall reflect the same line of door . she freeze . she 's lose she bearing . then the door fling open and a young man walk in . it 's the bloke she follow into the car park . he look at she , then smile nervously . lady man I do not usually walk into the lady . but there 's a line of bloke out there wait chat you up . ( shrug he shoulder ) no alternative . ( beat ) my name 's Andrew . and in that moment everything shift back into alignment for she . she 's in control again . of where she be . and how she get here . int . dance floor . short while later . 39 Laura be on the dance floor , move , tempting . Andrew be dance next to she , smile he head off . she smile back . 40 4l 42 . he see he moment and move even closer . she turn spin , on the shine floor . he lean into she ear . andrew I be on my way home . ( beat ) I be pleased I come back . Laura lean into he ear . LAURA I can not be see leave with you . andrew no problem . he kiss she neck . Laura give he a cautious smile . he smile back and wink as he boogy on . int . black void . short while later . 40 Laura be on the black floor . still dance . no music now . just the sound of she and Andrew 's dance foot . she turn , show flesh . Andrew 's slip deeper into the floor with each movement . he 's unaware of anything but she as he sink into the blackness . she smile . he be just a head look up at she , adoringly . she turn away as he slip under . the floor become solid again . she walk back over the spot he go through . pick up she skirt and walk away . int . black void . under the floor . continuous . 4l Andrew be look up at the spot where Laura would be if he could see through the blackness around he . his eye adjust . he realize he 's look at the other side of the floor . that he 's beneath it . Laura 's footstep click ... click overhead , diminish . he look behind he to see the step ascend into the underside of the floor . 43. he feel for the spot he come in through , but it 's go . he look down at he foot . his toe slow slide along the lip of the step . he try to shift he weight , but he foot can not make contact . he be weightless , as though underwater . as he desperately try to regain a foot , he drift further away . or the stair drift . he can not tell which . everywhere be blackness . only the stair hold any affirmation of reality . but there they go . move gently away into the dimming void , until the last suggestion of they be go . he hang in this amniotic space desert by everything he understand . suddenly the far-off darkness shift . something be out there . indistinct . but big and heavy . a barely recognizable form drift in the abyss . a mass of deform flesh . belly balloon around it like a ghoulish Marilyn Monroe skirt . Andrew drift closer and see a face , a distend bulk with tiny eye . they be alive this hopeless eye , and they be look at Andrew . we realize this be , be , Colin . his healthy frame mutate into this horrific form . Andrew try to speak but can not . he stare terrify . Colin 's eye jolt with pain ; swallow and breathe at the same time . Andrew be close now . suddenly Colin 's giant arm reach up . swollen , gnarled finger plead for grasp . Andrew look at the hand and take it . this monstrous claw be somehow tender . 44 , Andrew look into Colin 's face . it be submit to some ambient decay , which have weaken the surface so that flake of detritus drift from it . the leave side of the head be break apart like wet bread . the mouth be puffed - up , the lip split , burst like sausage . then , glide like a car on black ice , Colin 's massive bulk be carry away on some current . his eye long for rescue remain lock on Andrew until he disappear . Andrew be alone again . held by the black silence and terror . we find Colin contain now inside a black box , a helpless mound of flesh , elbow , toe , panic , back and bum . the box tip dramatically toward we , pour he out like a child tilt from a basin . he 's no longer float in liquid but carry on it instead , round corner after corner by the flush of blackness which swill about he bulk . then , a settling as the blackness calm . below he , two long cylinder be turn inwards on themselves like a mangle , crush relentlessly . now this new surface tilt , make he slide in the oily residue that drain off he body . his addle flesh shiver and the flaccid bulk look like putrefy waste be shed into a bin . the grind and judder of split flesh and shatter bone as he leg go in . stupefaction ! his eye quiver , he lip tremble for some way to squeal out , but the body be purge of its fill by this abominable machine in less than a breath . the empty of a life , the discard of its power , its hunger , its dream . all sap away , wrung out . this be a compelling display of destruction . a dark harvest . a obliteration . a unsettle realization of ignominious , absolute end . 42 43 45 . the flow of blood and flesh be quelle through sluice , take away down long trickle gutter into another darkness . the purged skin be see now , spew paper- thin from the mangle . unrecognizable as human skin . expelled like a empty dishevel bag , no longer need . the roller release they grip and it fall away . almost weightless , it drift in the dead airless void like a vast , break , burst - shape feather . ext . STREET . doorway . day . 42 hard , crisp sunlight blast the front of a sandstone building . this reflect light frame a recess doorway , which hold no detail , it be a simple black void . we recognise what this darkness signifies . we look into it and , rather than gradually be able to discern some detail , the darkness persist in give nothing away . then we hear a door latch turn and the heave of a door be push wide . we hear the familiar click -click and swish of Laura 's shoe and dress , and she emerge into the light . we close on she face as she react to the glare of hard midday sun . she identify she path away from the scene of the crime and start walk . we track with she , close on she face the whole time . as she walk into the perfect day , we hear the sound of the world all around she . the bird sing , the wind gather , traffic hum in the distance , she pass people talk , somewhere nearby someone be drilling into the road . everything be completely ordinary . ext . traffic jam . day . 43 Laura be in a long traffic jam approach a busy junction . on the hunt again . 46 . the traffic slip forward at a snail 's pace . the rain hammer down . up ahead , a small , sodden man carry plume of individually wrap red rose walk on the meridian strip between the traffic . he be try hard to sell they to the motorist . as she approach the junction , a curious thing happen . there be a tap on she window . it 's another vendor , rain stream down he face . he 's wave a rise at she . her right hand slip down to the little storage panel in the door where the bag we see the gun deliver in sit . its rag paper open be just wait there . her fingertip touch the lip of the bag as if check its availability . the vendor point over he shoulder . she wind down the window . vendor ( in a foreign voice ) the man , he pay you a flower . he point to the traffic which be at a standstill go in the other direction , and to a particular car . a large , plush four wheel drive with a suite driver who beam a smile eagerly out across the concrete to she open window . vendor ( cont 'd ) he see you , the man see you . she take the rise . easier than not to . her window drift up against the squall . the vendor step away and the traffic shunt on . she toss the flower on the seat . a tragic ' toot toot !' from the flash car draw she eye . the idiot in the 4x4 be wave he finger out a slit he 's open in the window . she return she focus to the car in front which be just steal forward another few foot . as she engage the accelerator , she look at she hand on the steering wheel . 44 47 . there be a bright , red droplet on the index finger of she right hand . the one she grab the rise with . she stop move forward . she bring the finger up to the space about three inch in front of she nose . it 's blood ! her blood ? that 's not possible , she have no blood . her hand rotate in some weird horror as she search for the prick . she can not find one . with she other hand she tentatively pick up the single stem . she examine it - rotate it , careful to avoid any part of it that might contain a thorn . and then , there it be - pierce the cellophane sheath like a exotic dagger . she study it - blood coat the spike and a red droplet or two sit among the many rain drop . she look out the window to the vendor crossing through the standstill traffic . he 's wind a tissue paper bandage around he hand . mystery solve . she squash the blood between she thumb and index finger as a horn sound . the space of about a car 's length have open up in front of she and this of course be intolerable for the traffic that lie directly behind she . int . van . edinburgh backstreet . night . 44 a lone man walk . Laura be watch as she creep the van along at a snail pace , wait to seize she moment , but the backstreet she 's in be too narrow to pull up alongside he . he suddenly turn down a alleyway . Laura pull up opposite the alley . she slip out of the cab and follow after he . 45 48 . ext . edinburgh backstreet . continuous . 45 she hurry and take the corner he do hope to catch a glimpse of he , or better still that he catch a glimpse of she . but he 's not to be see , just the sound of footstep , fainter and fainter . she hurry along after they . she come to a turn but she can not make out which way the sound be come from . she choose straight ahead and , after hard walk for another few second , realize he 's not go to be find . she turn back on herself again and , with a sharpness in she step , soon find she way back to the street where she leave the van . but the van be go . she look up and down the street as if someone might step out and with a shrug admit to the silly practical joke . but no one come forth . the street seem narrower than before when she be in the van . the house be taller on each side of the road . a dog bark somewhere . a light go on in a window high above she . she walk on . a shadow move up ahead and a figure walk out of the dark , across the street and into a house . on she go . a sudden racket as loud unwholesome laughter grate against the night breeze . Laura halt and seem for a moment almost about to turn round . she calculate she option before hurry on . she be scan everywhere now , watch for the scum and the slime that she know be out there . she 's see it in action , she know its dark hunger . noise seem to ooze from all side . a bottle shatter somewhere round the corner . distant shouting and door slamm . 46 47 49 . she slide suddenly down a grassy bank and jump into the ditch at the bottom . she crawl under a door , which have be fly - tip along with a load of filth , and hide . under there , she stop fretting and maybe even stop breathe . this be the way to lay low . this be the way to survive for now . ext . police car - pound . dawn . 46 Laura be on the opposite side of the street to the car pound . she be look through its gate at the bad man say something to a car pound employee which make he laugh a hearty , sordid sort of laugh . soon we see Laura 's van approach . and as the man deliver it get out , the chit be stamp and the bad man shake the employee hand . the bad man then get into the van and drive it out onto the road . he pull up a short way from the pound and get out . he hand Laura the key as she approach and move off towards he motorbike without a word . the charming grin and ebullient demeanor he show to the car - pound employee be go without a trace . Laura get in and drive away . ext . deserted road . night . 47 a distant figure in a trench coat be walk by the side of the road , bent over against the rain . the van draw along side he but he do not even look at it . just move on . the van persist there at walk pace . finally he stop . the van stop . his head be still bow into the rain , then slowly he lift it and half turn to face the van . 48 50 . int . van . road . short while later . 48 Laura 's drive . the man in the trench - coat sit in the passenger seat half turn towards the window . rain thunder down on the van . LAURA you should get that coat off . he fumble awkwardly at the sodden coat to remove it . his head be shroud by the hood of he sweat top . he push into the seat so as to obscure himself from Laura 's vision . his hand come up to draw the hood back , and as he do so , there be a moment ... a moment of halting sorrow . the first note of disquiet be to see the paleness of he skin . alarm heighten as deform lump reveal themselves to be lip , eyelid and ear . there be no balance to the congenitally deform landscape of this face . it be a mish -mash of monstrous feature collide . he lean down to the coat and transfer a glint dog whistle from its pocket . he tap the rain out , suck it dry , then tuck it safe into he shirt pocket . now he turn in she direction , revealing it all , and she be already there , wait for he eye to meet hers . and once they do , he see she face be entirely untrouble by he . his mother would not have be able to look at he as she do now . when people look at he they feel genetic shame . but she look at he like he have a normal face . LAURA ( cont 'd ) do people scream ? ugly man what !? LAURA when you come out from under that hood ? ugly man oh. 51 . the man sit in the corner of the cab unnerve and uncomfortable . then Laura look over at he with a totally carefree smile , a irresistible smile , and then back at the road . LAURA well do they ? ugly man Children scream . LAURA do you get use to it ? he shake he head . LAURA ( cont 'd ) be you annoyed because I keep you stand in that rain ? I just suddenly think , ' who be I pick up ? ' because of you hood and everything ... and then I think , I can not leave anyone to walk in this . he try to distract himself from she beauty by look out of he window . LAURA ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? ugly man nothing . LAURA do you mind I mention it ? ugly man mention what ? LAURA you know .. you be face . it 's obvious he thought be jumble . his eye look to the floor . he try to get he feeling out but they be confuse . LAURA ( cont 'd ) have I upset you ? ugly man no . I do not care . well , no if you want to know ... I just do not need it. 52 . LAURA sorry I just think it 's better to be straight . she give the impression of someone try to think of something to say . LAURA ( cont 'd ) do you go in to doach often then ? ugly man every few day . LAURA have you get friend there ? ugly man I go in to find work , once or twice a month . down near the dock , they come along and pick you out the line . LAURA what sort of work ? ugly man Cleaning , labor . Cash in hand . I get a night watchman job once but I could not hold on to it because of George . LAURA ( delicately focus on the new information ) who 's George ? you do not mention George . ugly man my dog . LAURA you doggy , oh ! who 's look after he tonight ? ugly man he can look after himself . LAURA where be he ? ugly man he will be under the willow . wait for I . LAURA what willow ? 53 . ugly man I have a wee camp in grancha Park . LAURA be that the one with the big wall round it ? that 's about five mile back . ugly yeah . LAURA why could not you keep that job then ? ugly man well he 's alright if I be go for a night but if it 's too regular or more than a night he go loony , howling and bark ... someone 's be murder when they hear he . LAURA he miss you . ugly man aye. LAURA so why be you travel at this time of night ? ugly man because it take a couple of hour to walk there . LAURA you be quite a tough little man be not you ! she give a longer more overtly admire look . ugly man ( bemuse ) what 's go on ? ( to himself ) what 's happen ? he find he mouth work again almost without warning . it 's all suddenly too much for he . ugly man ( cont 'd ) what 's happen ? be it a joke or something ? LAURA what be you talk about ? 54 . ugly man you look at I like you want it . like it 's on a plate . LAURA I be be nice to you that 's all . the little man be almost tremble with nervousness . so far out of he comfort zone . ugly man why ? LAURA well ... I do not know . I like you . ugly man I do not want pity . LAURA and you have a nice mouth ... a kind mouth . ugly man my mouth !? LAURA yes , it 's cute ! some people have nice eye or hair ..or big muscle . you have a nice mouth . what 's wrong with that ? the little man sit with all this revelation churn around in he little head . ugly man I have get a nice mouth ?? LAURA yeah ... she look at he from time to time glance away from the road , gradually make he more and more comfortable with she warm smile and that specific kind of eye-contact . LAURA ( cont 'd ) everybody 's get something . I have really nice leg .. they be my best part . the Ugly man 's little eye look down at that long leg . we can see he afraid to look at this kind of woman in this context . she be open door he nail shut a long time ago . 55 . LAURA ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? ugly man what ? LAURA about I ? what 's my best feature ? he look at she . LAURA ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid . ugly man I do not know . everything ? LAURA oh , that 's very nice ... I think that 's the best compliment I have ever have . they drive now , the rain hammer against the window and Laura smile so he can see she smile . the Ugly man be tremble with a intense , alarming excitement . more and more he eye wander to she , each time she meet he gaze with effortless sincerity . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I have get a idea , why do not you come and work for I today instead ? ugly man do what ? LAURA odd job . nothing too difficult . a few room that need sorting out . ugly man how far away be it ? LAURA a hour 's drive from here . ugly man that 's too far , I will not get back in time . LAURA do not worry about George . I will drive you back , how 's that ? I would like to meet George and see you camp . 49 50 56 . we see he hand move furtively as he take a nip of skin between he thumb and finger ... and pinch himself to make sure he 's not dream . he look back at she almost expect she to disappear . ugly man I can not understand how a bird like you do not have a man about . I feel strange .. I do not know what you want I to do . LAURA oh , do not be nervous . I will not bite . ugly man ( suspiciously ) I mean what be you do up here all alone ? driving around all alone ? LAURA ( smile ) I get ask that question a lot . ugly man do you ever answer it ? she laugh and give he a little nudge . he smile , maybe for the first time in year , and in that moment we know he be lose . ext . derelict house . night . 49 a remote derelict house set some way back from the main road . Laura be walk toward the door , she key aim at the lock . behind she the Ugly man edging along the path with uncertain footstep . the key turn and the interior beckon . int . derelict house . continuous . 50 at the end of the hall a staircase wind its way up into infinite blackness . bit of the ceiling be on the floor and the ancient wallpaper be peel off the wall . Laura coax he in with a smile and swing the door shut behind he . they climb the stair . 51 57 . int . black void . short while later . 51 as before , the blackness be everywhere . the sound of they footstep echo on the black marble floor . as Laura walk , she look over she shoulder as she let she top drop through she finger . the Ugly man move as if on a chain . eye lock on she . he pull he shirt up over he torso . the steel dog-whistle pop out of he pocket and fall through the darkness like a slither of sunlight . it land with a sharp tinkle - tinkle . the noise bring on a silence like that after a gun crack . stir , he look at she , the other - worldliness be go . the spell be break . he open he mouth weakly . ugly man ha ... cha hel hello ... LAURA hello . ugly man this be ... I be . this be ... I be asleep ? LAURA yes . ugly man you be asleep too ? LAURA yes I be . ugly man this be great be not it ... I love this . LAURA yes . ugly man cold . LAURA we will not let that stop we . ugly man I feel cold ? I be asleep be not I ? 58 . LAURA of course you be . suddenly afraid , he eye come off she and he turn the other way . his eye search the darkness . they do not need to search far . there , freeze in different moment of creep stalk , be four black alien . at first they be just shape , dream image , unthreaten . yet in a moment , as the idea of they become clearer , they become totally menace . he step backwards , away from they and towards Laura . ugly man I do not like it ... suddenly she be there on he shoulder . ugly man ( cont 'd ) where 's George ? LAURA under the willow . ugly man my mouth 's dry . everything 's go at a hundred mile a hour . LAURA come to I . the Ugly man be freeze in some weird mind space . his eye take in the horror of the place around he and the information freeze he dead so that he can turn neither right or leave . his eye simply dart about try to find a place to rest that be not crazy and not inhuman and they find she . he step forward in the direction of that only thing that have any hope in it . ugly man I be dream ... dream . LAURA yes , yes we be . ugly man good. 59 . as the man take another step to she , she reach out to he while take a step backwards and he , like a dumb animal , be summon forward again . another shape emerge from the darkness ... the bad man . he step over to where the little silver dog- whistle fall . he crouch now and pick it up carefully . he look at the object for a moment , then , have understand it , slip it into he pocket . he step silently back into the depth of the darkness again and it be as if he have never be there . LAURA you do not want to wake up do you ? ugly man no , never . LAURA they be go . ugly man they better be . gave I - self a right fright there . ( reproaching himself ) Fucking shitter . LAURA come closer . it 's warmer here . the Ugly man come on reluctantly , like a man step onto the gallow . he try a smile , coax himself . ugly man ( reassure himself ) okay . Laura be work to keep he in line . he step on and look to the floor as it take he in . he double take . Laura beckon . he breathes hard , eye question . his limb edge into action . the shadow figure withdraw . at each step he persuade himself to take the next . the frailty of he progress compel she . her body fall into a new rhythm , more insistent . her gyration become a sensual dance . 52 60 . her finger click -click to provoke he . his eye widen . her arm , hip and neck scintillate . his mouth hang open . soon he be in it up to he chin . he take a long , terrify look at Laura . she smile at he like nothing 's happen . he take a deep , terrify breath , hold he nose and put he head under . Laura stop , turn and move back out of the blackness towards the stair , collect she clothes as she go . we read the echo of fragility in the movement of she eye and body . she seem less exact , less vigorous , less disconnect . int . derelict house . dawn . 52 Movement through darkness as Laura emerge back into the soft grey gloom of the house . she be dress as she walk , unfold she shirt out from under she arm and reach into it . she be on the stair now as she button up , descend quickly to the entrance hall . at the bottom of the stair she stop to fasten she shoe . and as she stand again to approach the front door , she catch sight of something loom next to the door , a shape completely shocking to she . her own reflection . still and wary in a large jade mirror . she be completely startle by it . alarm by herself , she back away . eye still lock on she image , which diminish in size as she retreat from it . she stand stock still and look away . then the slowest head turn ever back to the mirror until she lock eye with herself . then she approach she reflection with trepidation . 53 61 . now she 's close up to it . the eye lock , reflection and reflectee . mesmerized . she raise she hand to touch she reflect hand . a stand chill . she look at she face from different angle . slowly and deliberately shifting she pose , like a animal come to term with its own existence . like light comprehend glass . ext . grancha parkland . night . 53 the bad man step off he motorbike and move to the wringht iron gate of grancha parkland . they be lock . he step back , scan the area . he throw he leg over metal spike . he walk up the pasture . Three weep willow rustle in the wind . he get to about twenty foot away and stop . bad man ( call ) George !... George ! nothing . he look about . move closer to the hulk tree . listen . the tree groan in the wind . bad man ( cont 'd ) George . suddenly there be a scramble in the leave near he . he turn to face the sound . the wind whistle . then aggressive bark ... but in the other direction . he turn . suddenly he reach for he leg and spin . his hand tear at whatever be grasp he thigh . in the half light he can see . a massive alsatian . George . eye roll in anger , tooth lock into he leg . George twist try to tear the leg off . he raise a fist but as he bring it down , the beast be go . 54 62 . the bad man move towards a fall tree and gather up a long stick . armed , he turn , but at that moment , George be in the air leaping at he throat . the man get he arm up . George knock he to the ground and be on he , tooth lock on he forearm . h he reach to tear it away . George snap viciously at the hand , then bound off . the bad man get unsteadily to he foot . the beast be move at the edge of the willow . the bad man look at it . it look at he . the bad man turn seek higher ground or some other advantage . George bound out into the clear . then check and return into cover . the bad man be struggle to keep the animal in he sight . the tree hiss and groan in the wind . the bad man suddenly turn to and stride for the gate . he clamber over it . we see George weave amidst the tree . there , ominous for a moment , then go . the bad man clutches at he forearm , try to stem a high pitch wheeze of escape gas from the wound . a insistent hiss like decompression be visible through the flap edge of the rip sleeve . he take a gun from he inside pocket and load the clip . he reach into he pocket . take out the Ugly man 's dog - whistle , hold it to he lip and blow . we hear nothing . int . derelict house . dawn . 54 Laura be still look at herself in the mirror . from somewhere nearby , a strange buzzing seep into the space . it drone and persist , become frantic . the space fall silent for a brief moment then the buzz start up again . relentless and adamant . 55 63 . the noise be such that we see Laura slip out from she confrontation with she own reflection . she turn and there in a little window above the mirror be the source of the noise . a bee throw itself in skittish pulse at the glass desperate to escape to the brighten dawn light outside . Laura 's eye , weary and bewilder , just watch it . its wing beat against the glass , the sound intensify until it seem the insect might almost burst into flame such be its desire . and in that moment we can see that something within Laura be slain and something bear . slowly , she reach towards it . her hand move along the glass then scoops it up lightly and , without haste , close she finger around it . the bee be inside she fist now and the buzzing be wild . we focus on Laura 's hand as she walk slowly through the hall . we hear the sound of the desperate insect thrashing against she close palm . she reach the door and she other hand twist the handle open . ext . derelict house . continuous . 55 we cut outside to see she fist open and the bee fly out from it . she draw the door shut again without haste and we remain with the bee as it weave lazily towards the rag flower in this forget garden . we watch it arrive at a blossom and alight on it . it step over the bright yellow petal to gently find its way to the pollen rich core inside . the buzzing be different now - soothing , and the skittishness replace with a sway , hum dance . the bee be blush with pollen as it emerge like some drunk lover crawl out of a orgy . it rise into the air again , drift with the wind to its next beautiful rendezvous . 56 64 . we hear a metallic rasp . the front door be be push open again . two figure , just silhouettes in the gloom of the interior at first stumble out of the house . they seem to shy from the light for a moment but it be simply balance they be struggle with . Laura and something heaving for breath . they be hold each other . they draw closer . she be hold it up . support it , walk it . it 's stand now , suck in air through its tiny misshapen mouth . it have leg , massive , bloat , and arm that hang flaccid . yet somewhere inside this bulbous mass , the fold of fat , the taut skin about to burst .. be a man . the Ugly man . they glint now as they step out of the building 's shadow ... they be wet . Laura 's hair trail over the Ugly man as she struggle , hold he . sodden and weak they move slowly . they step uneasily with each other . he manage to hold onto a tree , but now he straighten , seem to find he foot . she let he step ... then step again . he 's walk , she move away from he , willing he to keep move . he steady himself , then press on . she hurry to the van and start it urgently . the gear grind as it roar out of the drive . int . laura' van . continuous . 56 Laura be drive hard away from the house . fleeing . we see she over - take the struggle figure of the Ugly man and out onto a a road . 57 58 65 . ext . a field . day . 57 a small , suburban cul - de-sac on the very edge of a field . the Ugly man be crawl , drag himself through the muddy ground towards it . his bloat bulk be sweat and breathless from the effort , he flesh tear and bruise from he journey . the rooftop of the house loom above the hedge , he seem foot away from rescue , as if he could almost reach out for a doorbell and everything would be alright . the bad man enter the scene with sudden , alarming resolve . his bike revs at the entrance to the field . he look into it intensely and see the long grass move from something crawl through it . he shift the bike into gear and we see he make a b-line for the cul - de-sac . ext . cul -de -sac . continuous . 58 bird be flitting in a bird table . the paper boy be cycle down the hill to the shop . steam be come from the vent outside bathroom window . the small close be waking up . the bad man pull up at the mouth of the street , stop the bike and dismount . he can see the bulk of the Ugly man just appear through the rag hedge that scrub onto the pavement . facing he be the garden gate and beyond the waking house and certain rescue . the bad man be now run . he head for a car park in a driveway . he arrive at the driver window and plough he fist through it . he reach inside and open the door with deat continuous movement and get in . a moment later the engine start and the car be ease into reverse , suddenly everything be control urgency again . he turn and take off . he stop just ahead of the Ugly man who be now half on the path , get out , open the back door then walk over to he and drag he back towards the car , glance about at window and door with the full awareness that they might open at any moment . the Ugly man be bundle in head first . 59 60 66 . ugly man ( muffle ) someone savvvve mmmeeeeeeee ! the bad man unleash vicious blow to he mouth and temple , then hurry around the car , open the other back door , lean in and drag he inside by the armpit . the bad man now walk back to the opposite side , fold a errant leg in then slam the door shut . then he get in . int . stolen car . same . 59 the handbrake be release , the wheel turn , dust and fleck rise in the air . a net curtain be sweep wide to see the car drive casually away and out of the street . we be close on the bad man 's face . we / he hear the sound of a woman 's shocked voice , intimate , as if she be in the car with we . woman 's voice oh my God ... the bad man turn he head very suddenly and look out of the passenger window , crouching to see the upper floor of one of the little house . he look directly to where the voice be come from . there stand at the bedroom window be a old woman . she be look straight at the bad man as he drive out of the street . as he slow , she let the curtain close . and through the net he see she silhouette as she shakily raise a phone to she ear . he almost stop but instead gun the engine into life and advance in a cloud of exhaust fume . int . highland road . day . 60 Laura storm through the countryside . Green flash on either side , the road be a gleam slate cord that stretch out away from she , draw she in and along . 67 . then without warning everything slow . the engine die , the steering stiffen . she look at she dial . the petrol gauge tell its tale . E for the end . she bring the van onto the verge by a lake and let it roll to a standstill . put on the hand brake and get out . without miss a beat she set off at a march . the camera sweep fast along the road - it be travel just fifteen foot above the tarmac . we soar over a blind summit and there just on the bend be Laura 's van . it 's empty . we slow to see inside , no sign of life , other than she gun and phone buzzing on the passenger seat . we resume we plunge through the landscape . faster and faster . another two mile down the road and we see a figure up ahead , walk fast along the highway . it 's Laura . she slow as if sense that there be something pursue she . soon we be right behind she . we can almost see the hair on the back of she neck rise . she turn suddenly as if ready to confront whatever or whoever be there . but there be nothing there . just she stand on the road , alone , in the middle of nowhere . we see tremble fear freeze in she face , uncertainty in she eye . doubt , suspicion , the expectation of doom be lock in she gaze as it search out to the horizon for the thing that must come . but it do not . she look at this wild world around she . the bleak moor , the mountain beyond . and the sound of the wind rush through this valley seem to harmonize in some rhapsody as if find clarity within she hearing for the first time . 61 68 . we can see that somehow , in face she fear , she have find something else instead . a strange sense of acceptance . she stand let this feeling take root . the wind bluster through she hair and clothes , and we watch , as she lift and stretch she arm and finger wide and open to feel it . and stand still , it 's as if the world fall into she . she close that beautiful eye with abandon as if she feel the sensual possibility of this body for the first time . the wind embrace she . int . roadside cafe . short while later . 61 we be in a tiny roadside cafe with view out over hill of heather . the place be busy with tourist , back pack at they foot , sip tea and munch scone . Laura sit on she own at a little tartan-cover table . there be a plate in front of she and on it , a piece of cake . she regards it with trepidation . it 's a beautiful object , sculptural and garish . White and fluffy , with cream fall from its centre and a varnish cherry on top . she lift she fork and cut into it delicately . up and up it come , the distance between the plate and she mouth seem extraordinarily long . it arrive at she lip , which open tentatively as she slowly ease the magical parcel of nectar inside . then she lower the fork back to the plate . now she sit as if she every think be with this intruder inside she . her mouth be still as she contemplate she next move . suddenly she jaw move and she begin to chew . but so cautiously , like she be defuse a bomb . a moment later she be still again . she decide to swallow . and then shock , at not be able to . she cough into she hand violently . Laura fumble for a napkin to catch the mouthful of food and wipe she mouth . 62 63 69 . head have turn to see what the commotion be . through faint breath , Laura wave the attention away as if to say ' I be fine . 's LAURA ( recompose ) it just go down the wrong way . int . country inn . highland . short while later . 62 cut to a roaring fire . a pair of hand enter frame and warm themselves at the glow . cut wide to see Laura in front of a large open fire ina pleasant country inn . there be a atmosphere of convivial early evening chat and shelter welcome . she warm herself and listen to the sound of humanity chime its soothing tone in the warmth . ext . remote junction . day . 63 Laura be walk - walk - walk . she be approach a junction where a man wait at a bus stop . he notice she come , she long leg stride , she shoe not make for walk clatter . we see he avert he gaze like a gentleman as she draw near . he 's a draw pale be , full of thought . she march past without notice or slow . when she 's about fifteen foot beyond the stop , he turn and call after she . quiet man the bus will be along in a minute . Laura look round surprised by the outburst . she look at he blankly for a moment . he look away with a demeanor that say ' well that 's the information , do with it as you will 's . Laura consider for a beat longer , then make she way back towards the bus stop . 64 70 . int . bus . road to cawdor . short while later . 64 Laura and the quiet man on a empty bus . Laura be sit right behind the driver stare straight into that black panel that separate he from the passenger . the quiet man sit a little further back . he be look at she , or rather at she face reflect in the dark panel . he can tell she be not absentmindedly stare into mid space but unflinchingly at she own reflection . he feel he breath stop as that face stare at itself , completely absorb , suspicious and lose . bus driver have you no jacket with you ? nothing from Laura . bus driver ( cont 'd ) up here you need a jacket with you - even when there 's not a cloud in the sky , rain 's always a possibility . Laura look out the window now . we see she soften into the hum of the bus as it climb . the mountain close in around they . the quiet man notice Laura 's open purse on the seat beside she . her change be slip out of it , along the wear fabric and onto the floor with every change of gear . she seem oblivious to it . the quiet man step across the aisle , gather the coin without any fuss then let they stream through he finger into the purse . he snap it shut . it 's all do in a moment and he place the purse beside she as he turn away . as he sit , Laura speak . LAURA where be I ? quiet man on the road to cawdor . LAURA be it a busy place ? 71 . quiet man no , it 's a quiet place . ( beat ) be that where you be head ? LAURA no . quiet man where be you head ? LAURA I do not know . quiet man be you okay ? have something happen ? LAURA yes , I be alright . I think . where would you go ? quiet man how 's that ? LAURA if you could go anywhere ... where would you go ? quiet man sight see do you mean ? LAURA yes , that 's it . sight see . the beautiful landscape roll by outside the rain sweep window and we see this man begin to think . quiet man well there be a million place . that 's no use to she , so she lean slightly forward and repeat the question for the driver , seek a serious answer . LAURA if you could go anywhere ... where would you go ? we glimpse she desperation . as the driver ponder , we see the quiet man look at the back of Laura 's head . she 's unaware of he now , every fibre of she be listen for a answer from the lump at the wheel . 65 66 67 72 . quiet man I have start with cawdor Castle . she ignore that answer , so as to conceal its importance to she . LAURA ( to driver with a casual but precise tone ) then I would like to go to cawdor Castle please . she return to stare into the weird black space that hover in front of she in which everything seem to shudder and sway , everything except she . ext . cawdor . short while later . 65 the bus be pull away from the town bus stop . the quiet man and Laura be walk up the high street . Laura have he big coat drape over she shoulder . they could as easily be with each other as not . the distance between they be the distance maintain by stranger and he hold it . int . cawdor . supermarket . short while later . 66 we be in a vast , white supermarket . Laura shadow the quiet man as he navigate he trolley through the aisle . he consider a pre-pack casserole , check the price twice before replace it . Laura 's face , almost cocoon in he big heavy coat , be bleach out under the glare of the kilowatt , which blast everything with a cleanse intensity . ext . road to the quiet man' house . short while later . 67 two figure walk . the quiet man carry plastic bag . Laura follow in he long stride . he trudge up the little path to the door of a concrete council house and find the keyhole . she follow he inside without ceremony . 68 73. int . the quiet man' house . live room . short while later £ 68 a little room bath in half - light from the dense curtain . Laura sit on a low , brown couch under the window ; the quiet man in a armchair . they be watch a show on television together , dinner on they lap . Laura lean over she food , she hand move here and there , select but unsure . the quiet man wipe he plate clean with a piece of bread . Laura bring a forkful of meat up to she mouth and insert it like a child who have just master the art of cutlery . her lip close tight around the delivery . she try to swallow . same result as when she try to eat the cake , sudden tension grip she face and throat . she set the fork aside with a rattle and bring she hand to she mouth to suppress a violent choke . the quiet man be on he foot and reach he big hand around to pat she back . she get up and shuffles towards what must be the bathroom . we see the quiet man return to he seat and sit listen . the sound come up the hall seem control . he sip from a large mug . his eye return to the television . dissolve to : a record revolve on a plastic turntable . we see the quiet man on he knee slip a black disc back into its paper sleeve then stand and return to he armchair . Music fill the room . ' Wild be the wind ' by David bowie . Laura sit back into the sofa , she eye gaze into the ceiling . the music build and the space slip incrementally into a different attitude . we follow Laura 's eye around the room . to see the old frame photo and ephemera accumulate by a ordinary life . 69 74 . then to the television still on - alive with the image of a tiger prowling through long grass . her gaze come to rest on the quiet man , he eye shut , he hand pat the arm of he chair gently in time with the music . he look happy and tired . Laura join the moment by mimick he , she hand now also tap tap -taping on the arm of she chair in time with the rhythm . he stir , look at she for a moment and there be nothing strange to be see , everything be completely normal , Laura listen to the music with he . without a word he stand , pick up the tray and leave the room . the moment he 's out of the room , Laura 's hand stop move . we watch Laura now so still and void with the music swirl around she and we feel the vast distance between she and humanity . we hear the sound of the kitchen thing be put away and a tap run . Laura remain still . the music build the energy in it step relentlessly to crescendo . Laura now look down at she hand in that disassociate way she do . she seem somehow to be try to find a connection to the action . her finger tap in and around the beat rather than on it now ... she be no longer mimick ... there be something happen there at the extremity of she craft ... something be seeping in . she look down at the move limb as if it 's a curiosity to she . int . the quiet man' house . bedroom . short while later . 69 Laura lie in the quiet man 's bed . her eye be set in some mid-point . the quiet man set a dainty cup of tea and saucer on a cardboard box near the bed as if it be the finest delicacy . Laura 's eye read it , then seem to return to the ceiling and a kind of meditative state . LAURA ( sense-check ) you do not feel with you brain . 70 75 . quiet man no you do not . he angle a bar fire towards she with the toe of he boot , then take he leave . we slowly drift from Laura 's face to the open door , which lead to the front room . the quiet man be sit back in he armchair . he put a leg up on a stool in a vain attempt to find comfort . his head slump slowly to the side as he fall asleep in the chair like a kind of giant guard a princess . slowly the ambience of safety override the small house . nothing move . ext . stream . morning . 70 undulating hill reach tree and peaty bog . she be guide by he - lead up rocky path and down slippery bank . they reach a fast flow stream with step - stone dot across its width . a little waterfall a hundred yard away roar . tree rustle in accord and the sky seem open to the attendant energy . she look down at the water , judge it , and he in that same moment instinctively without a word gather she up into he arm . she do not waver as he step out onto the semi-submerged stone . he find he balance and move with that focus certainty that a man find when he 's in charge of something he care about . she be motionless in he arm . he sense she trust and be emboldene by it . they be almost over to the other side . he stop to look along the river and nod to she to look too . she follow he gesture and can see figure , edging towards the ledge of the waterfall . scream of exhilaration as a figure rush over the ledge and plunge . 71 76 . another figure throw itself into space , give itself over to the affect of gravity and water . laughter explode with splashes as more body launch into space . the quiet man move on without haste or fatigue . at the other side he see the path be muddy and the long grass wet , so he do not set she down but keep walk with she in he arm . ext . cawdor castle . short while later . 71 we be high in a bluster turret . Laura be brace between two granite block in the space where once arrow would have be aim at invader . her shirt be open . the quiet man be nestle beside she . they be kissing . his face be latch onto hers like he life depend on it . this be no longer a set piece . she 's risk , explore . she want something to happen to she , uncertain what that something be . they break out from the kiss slowly . as he breathes she in we see she hand rise slowly up from she side . the hand be open and dramatic like that of a gunslinger about to draw . up it come and suddenly it be there beside he head and then she clutches he head to she . they kiss again . her finger move in he hair . her tongue appear furtively between she lip . the quiet man be draw on she mouth like it 's the source of life . then the quiet man come up for air and freeze . he can hear footstep ascend the stone staircase . he gather Laura 's garment into place as best he can before two elderly hiker appear in yellow anorak . 72 73 77 . they shuffle off the turret and into the stairwell with a embarrassed nod to the tourist . ext . mountain . highland . day . 72 the wind gather as the bad man walk up a steep incline to the rocky summit of a mountain . he arrive at the high vantage point and stop . his eye reach out purposefully over the landscape . he look intently to the west over the roll hill that disappear into mist . then he look out to the north and break field and pocket of water give way to the ocean and the sky . he turn again to scan the east with its dense woodland and climb peak . somehow we almost get a sense he be lose . int . broken down barn . night . 73 Laura move with grace through a derelict barn on farmland . not lead , as before , but lead . she look into the quiet man 's face and he into hers . then he lay she down in the hay . his body , flushed with life and lust move over she , find she form under the clothes . she respond to he hand . he draw she skirt up around she waist . his fingertip move inside the top of she knicker . then he sweep the index finger round the rim of the cotton stretch they over she . she wiggle up off she ass allow they to be draw , slowly and with calmness and poise , down she long thigh , over she knee , along she calve and around she heel and toe . she be still , except for the rise and fall of she breathe . he look at she magnificent beauty expose and offer itself . his hand move along she calve and knee and hip and then ascend to she face . 78 . he hold she head and kiss she with fervor . he move over she , find he position to enter . she reach she hand along he back draw he close . he bear down , then withdraw shifting he shoulder , realigning . he push down again , hesitantly , seek entry . again , he shift and adjust until slowly he realize ... there be no orifice ! she can not be penetrate . we see he lose in he thought as he try to grapple with the finality of this . he move lower and ease into a more relaxed embrace , he head now on she shoulder . he nestle there quietly , he eye full of disturbance but focus instead on she beauty and the pleasure of she touch . quiet man I can not hear you heart . he move he hand to she wrist to feel she pulse . then shake he head . quiet man ( cont 'd ) it 's like you be dead . he move he ear to she chest again . quiet man ( cont 'd ) that 's so weird . he sit up , look at she and then go to check she pulse again . she gently recoil . she embrace he , deeply and with equal disquiet . she reach between he leg delicately . we see he respond to she touch . his back tighten and he move with she gentleness to and for . she kiss he on he neck . then he kiss she face . they tempo gently build , become commit again . hand sweeping over body , mouth lock together . 74 79 . int . broken down barn . morning . 74 the quiet man lie fast asleep in the makeshift bed . Laura be stand and dress a few foot away . her manner be flat , unemotional . she look for all the world like someone dress to go to work . she be distract now as the man shift . he murmur and fidget , something be disturbing he slumber . she turn to watch he . his face be teach , he eyelid flicker with dream . she stand there like a scientist , observe . now he lip mouth soft word , barely audible , distant . quiet man llaaauurrraa . Laura do not start or even lean closer but remain still , simply watch and listen . the man be now tremble and with sweat bead on he brow . his chest rise and fall with unseen exertion in dreamland . and he be mumble again . quiet man ( cont 'd ) laaauurraaa ... laaauuurrrraaaaaa .. his voice although muffle , be anxious , call out to she urgently from the other side of sleep . Laura lean slowly forward and touch he shoulder . suddenly he jolt . his eye open and he gasp a breath as if come up from icy depth . he see she stand there look at he . quiet man ( cont 'd ) ( matter of fact ) my God , what a crazy dream . that be so weird and real ... frightening . I be lie here next to you really worried that that door be go to open . could not let my eye close for fear they would . ( more ) 75 80 . quiet man ( cont 'd ) I be watch they for age and age , get really worried like I know something be go to come for I . then it do . ... that door open and I could see a shadow outside , it be move closer and closer , come towards I , sort of float , and it stand here by the bed look down at I . snarl at I . and I be paralyse by it . so I call out to you know you be lie next to I , to wake I . to rescue I . he look up at she through squinting eye . she wait , let he gather he sense . then he smile a little at he own silliness . quiet man ( cont 'd ) I think something terrible be go to happen . Laura look down at he then turn away and finish get dress . he look at she realize . he sit up on a elbow . quiet man ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? LAURA I be wonder where to go now . where would you go now ? if you could go anywhere ... we see he focus and he expression change as he take in what she be say . he draw breath about to speak . ext . island ferry . highland . morning . 75 the early morning sun shimmer in the dapple water of a loch . a small ferry be make its way steadily across . on the deck , the bad man sit on a little bench , a different motorbike park nearby . it 's just as dark and powerful as the old one . the bad man be read a local newspaper . his expression remain blank as he read the headline : 76 77 81 . '' terror crime strike highland idyll . local grandmother shaken but defiant . '' we see he eye fall down the page to a photograph of the little cul - de- sac now cordon off by police tape . '' man beat then kidnap by ruthless assailant . '' below it be a picture of the motorbike he abandon . the caption underneath say : '' drive by the kidnapper . '' and inset , a picture of the number plate . now we be look up in a tight cu of the bad man 's face . his eye scan to the next image of police stand at the edge of a ravine . the report here assert : '' kidnapper body find in the seat of steal car after death plunge . his victim have not be find . '' and then , at the end of a police statement about how : '' gang related violence be on the increase . '' we read the word : '' no lead . '' the bad man fold the paper under he arm and look out over the ice cold water and into the wild Scottish landscape . at the concrete slip on the far shore , people and car wait for the ferry . a bell clang its imminent arrival . ext . speed train . scottish landscape . day . 76 a passenger train speed through the highland . int . speed train . continuous . 77 Laura be sit in a window seat on a busy train full of commuter , local , and holiday - maker . she be look at human being . people-watch . 78 82. a black man wear headphone sit to she right . his substantial body fit awkwardly in the seat . he be fix on the portable dvd player in front of he . a young woman across the aisle read a fray book . she rock she head a little , the effort of read bother she . and then opposite , be a old man sleep . his chest rise and fall , a blissful smile play about he lip . Laura catch she own faint reflection in the window , flicker against the speed landscape outside . Laura be in amongst it . suddenly not apart from it anymore . ext . loch . highland . short while later . 78 we be at the edge of a wide shimmer loch , in a forest and landscape as beautiful as eden . Laura be look down at a perfect reflection of herself . it look back at she . we see the water busy with tick , and below the surface , parasite teem in the billion . she reach she foot down to the reflection . the toe enter the water . the image tremor , then disrupt . the foot swing , swirl the water . Goose - bump rise as it enter . Light glisten on the skin like liquid silver . dissolve to : Laura swim in the ink black water . she stroke forward breathless and rigid against the icy embrace of the loch . we cut to she now sit naked amidst the rock . pale as a cadaver she gather she knee up into she for heat . the wind sing in the tree and around Laura 's ear and somewhere high above a plane hum . her eye search for it and see it slip into cloud on its way to foreign shore . 79 83. she shiver , she tooth chatter uncontrollably beneath blue lip . ext . loch . highland . day . 79 we descend towards the sleep , now dress , figure of Laura . fetal , swathed in gently blow reed , like a newborn in the bosom of this wilderness . we drift down until we be close to she . her eye be shut now , in a way we have never see they shut before . her face be still , in true repose . she be fast asleep . or switch off . it 's impossible to know which . five or six little ant be move on she face . the busy creature hurry in they search rhythm over she cheek and across she forehead and neck . she do not stir . the water lap on the shore , the wind ease through the high leave . tranquillity rule . then she expression begin to change . she appear troubled . like she 's wrestle with thought , maybe a bad dream ? now she 's try to rouse herself , to force she eye open . then she wake , and in a feverish split second look about herself confusedly . she look down at the hem of she dress , and see a dirty , green , male forearm extend in . she start bolt upright . the arm remain . she stare at the owner of the arm . it be a man in a green boiler suit look at she impassive and possess . she kick out wildly , jolt to she foot , turn and flee . she move as fast as she can on the soft sand of the loch . 84 . suddenly a trudging sound accelerate behind she but she be off the sandy ground now . her foot carry she more swiftly into cover . now abruptly she wheel round expect the thing clasp at she to be this man but she be snag on a thorn bush . as she fumble to free herself , she hear the muddy footfalls of the man advance through bracken in pursuit . she get more entangle . it 's as if the thorn bush be peck at she . she twist to get free then duck down into cover . she be still . off in the undergrowth , more uncertain sound . then a precise step sound nearby . the crush of twig , the swish of briar push aside . he be close now . she stare through the dense bush . a break form amidst the camouflage of a million leave . the shape of he gather and be almost complete , then vanish . footstep off to the leave . suddenly the leave there shudder . a thrash of a heavy body push through , footstep quicken . Laura edge out from she hide place onto open ground . she start run again out onto a path . suddenly up ahead at the turn in the lane - a shape . a truck ! someone be work here ! she make a b-line for it , decipher the log truck 's long angular crane and claw full of log sway in the air above it . this be she lifeline - she charge towards it . she arrive and go towards the cab door , try the handle . it open . she step up onto its run board and look in . no key . 85 . she clamber up into the interior scrabbling for key , for a phone , for something . nothing , nothing . panic take she . she lean on the horn , look off into the wood for the workmen who operate the huge claw and who must be nearby . the horn drone with urgency , she put all she weight on it . she know the sound will bring salvation and drive the beast away . her eye scan the wood on either side long for sign of life - a sudden friendly face to appear in alarm but instead up ahead a figure slowly step out onto the road . suddenly she crouch down behind the wheel . the figure be walk down the lane towards here without haste , like someone who have nothing particular to do . it 's he . and of course this be he truck . he 's the woodsman . she throw herself from the cab and run . behind she , heavy footstep pound just out of sight . then , just over she shoulder , two arm flail through branch just a few foot away . she lean into she run search for space to burst into . the forest re-absorb they . but then the big grab hand loom into view again . suddenly there it be on she shoulder . he throw she to the ground . they tumble through mud . she try to get away but he pull she back . get on top of she , pin she down . above she on all four , he tear at she dress and bra . a flurry of grab . he reach down into he pants . she lash into he eye . he return with a vicious swipe . hard sweeping movement from he elbow contain she struggle . his craze eye force down into he prey . the sound of more clothes be tear . the tone of the fray change . Long intrusive reach . woodsman ( desperate ) I need a hole , I need a hole ... 86 . he pull hard on give fabric . a low sound like a seal vacuum wrench open . then a gasp like escape gas . suddenly he stop . LAURA ( blank , emotionless ) be I still dream ? we hear he stand . jiggle he trousers up . he turn , like a drunk half - snap out of a stupor . then he reappear stare , open-mouthed . his trousers still at half - mast , he obscene cock shameless in the chilly mountain air . he 's stare right through we , scared at whatever 's behind we . we spin around to find Laura stand up face we / he . it 's the black shadow figure inside Laura expose through '' she '' tear flesh . the alien . which clutches Laura 's skin as if protect its modesty . it struggle , like it 's carry too much wash . tight on the alien '' eye '' the woodsman be reflect , freeze , in its lens . tight on the woodsman 's wide , horrify eye . the alien be reflect in he lens . he turn and run . Laura hobble off gather herself to herself . she reel from the effort of move this disconnect body , which slip from she with every step . she rest on a fall tree , look at she human skin . she be hold she tear neck and much of she face between she hand . the beautiful , gentle face look up at the black alien head look down . hunched over she '' self '' , in a extraordinary separation . 80 87 . the inside look at the outside , the outside look at the inside . bewildere footstep , and the woodsman stagger back into the scene . in one hand he shakily point he phone at she - video she ! in the other , a jerry can . she try to gather she exhaust selve together , suddenly realize he intent . she juggle the element of the once perfect body as best she can , and try to flee , but it 's too late . he put he phone in he pocket and with both hand clatter a tin above she head and pour as she stagger , try to move away from the petrol flow over she . he wrestle he lighter to strike . we race with flame as they leap through grass . then speed away from they , to find Laura 's stumbling heel . they slip as the flame gain on they , flaring around she ankle . then in a beat , the blaze flare up onto she body . it swarm all about . she 's engulf . unable to run , the wet soil slip under she . in a moment Laura seem to blast and flare and burst in a inferno of explode gas and toxic , blaze phosphorous . the mass of flame crumple to the ground , then turn roll down into a ditch until it rest by the base of a tree . ext . mountain road . same . 80 we move fast over blur tarmac . the bad man power ruthlessly forward on he motorbike . just as we see he at the start of the film as he race to recover she predecessor , the Fire woman . the bike roar as he push he wrist hard over the accelerator and the road dip under he . he lash through gear and the bike feel the road again . we be tight on the back - end now as a corner loom . he begin lean into it . tendril of hedgerow whip over he helmet . 81 82 88 . the edge of the tire plume with a little smoke as the weight adjust on the apex of the bend . then more speed and vibration . mechanical adrenalin . we be up ahead of the machine now look back . see the undulate road and how the vehicle cling to it perfectly . ext . mountain road . short while later . 81 the bad man power on up the gradient , the pulse throw the bike across frame and suck the air out of the space behind . as the visibility become less , he slow . he take stock , then pull off the road , stop and dismount . in the distance , on the next mountain , he can see the faint halo of a fire . he look at it ponder . ext . loch cromlech . short while later . 82 the bad man walk through the dense heather . a short distance away smoke rise from a tree , blacken and still burn . he stop to study footprint , she footprint that weave in the mud . trace they backwards , he see that they set off from the lake -side , so he walk towards they . he see the footprint meander aimlessly at the water edge . he find the place where she sleep in the reed . he crouch to see she form impressed in that swaddle nest . he move on , follow the print . long stride now , and there join they , heavy print in they wake . he follow they until the ground be churn and the little footprint disappear into shrub . he look towards the burnt tree , spitting with red ember , and walk over to it . 83 89 . he focus on a large dark patch at its base , and notice tangible sign . a heel from Laura 's shoe . the delicate mound that could be a elbow or ankle . he see she char belt buckle . and a melt button . he exhume they and put they in he pocket . he move to a section of she charcoal hand . find the smoke- coat wedding ring on the brittle finger and snap it off . conceal it in the same pocket . he survey the pompeii-ish remain . at the edge of the blacken circle lie the husk of she petrify face , fracture by the fury of fire . he apply he heel to it matter - of - factly . the black crust snap underfoot throw grey powder into the air . he grind the evidence into nothingness with he boot , nonchalantly . like he 's put out a cigarette . all that 's leave be a black , formless blot on the earth and a ghostly plume of dust . he turn now towards the muddy oily sludge at the edge of the black ash , focus on the woodsman 's vehicle track . his gaze trace they to the lane and on towards heavy tire track that churn off into the distance . his dead gaze reach out after they . ext . forest . day . 83 we be approach the front of the log truck at pace . we be on the door look up at the handle . with ominous and unhurry deliberateness a hand reach up to open the door . shockingly , the hand hold a large and distinctive knife and the hand rest on the handle there as if timing its entrance . 84 90 . then we see pressure apply by the fingertip and the handle click , the door swing wide and we cut wide to see the bad man rise up and into the cab . dissolve to : ext . deserted country road . dusk . 84 the bad man be arrive at Laura 's van . it 's exactly on the verge next to where she leave it . he stop the bike at the van 's back door and step off . he open they , then he lower a small ramp from inside before steering the bike into it . he fasten the strap then he close the door . then he reach into a pocket and fish out a phone . we see immediately it 's the woodsman 's phone . on it of course , the only remain image of ' Laura 's . arrive close to the edge of the water he draw back and launch it into a long arching throw that end in a splosh ! the phone disappear into the and as we hear he climb into off , we focus remain on the time , the water be completely and it 's as if nothing at all end darkness of the water . he van , start it up and drive ripple melting away , until in still again . have happen .