under the mountain by Matthew grainger & Jonathan King base on the novel by maurice gee shoot script 21/07/2008 '' 2008 redhead film Gate 2 , 20 waikaukau Road Glen eden Auckland new zealand 1a under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 1 . omitted 1 ext . rocky landscape - day 1a super title as we move across a black rocky landscape . canyon and crevice , pitte and gnarled — alien . pan up off the rock — not a alien world , but the jag volcanic rock of Auckland 's North shore - to reveal rangitoto island on the other side of the water . Dark and sinister . ext . rangitoto beach - day 2 the prow of a small boat bump against jag black rock . tight shot as two young man help one another out of the boat onto the rock , hand clasp hand . struggle to balance on jag volcanic rock , they steady each other , at last find they foot : johan and lenart — identical twins with copper hair , dress in coarse 19th century clothing . ahead of they , a man stand with he back to we , look up at the dark cone of rangitoto . he turn to they — this be mr jone , grey , weathered , ageless . mr jone when we get to the crater , use you twin - ness . throw the stone as one . johan I think we can . mr jone you have to believe it . Mr Jones look to lenart , less certain than he brother . lenart but what if they come ? mr jone they be dormant . we ’1ll take they by surprise . the three of they head for the tree line . under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 2 . ext . rangitoto BUSH — day figure push through the thick island scrub — johan and lenart lead , follow by Mr Jones . lenart stride ahead , push through the undergrowth . mr jone stay together ! noise rattle through the tree around they . the twin spin , pull two round stone from they pocket and brandish they like weapon . a warm , fiery glow spill from between they finger . shapes dart in the tree , all around they . a chorus of horrible , otherworldly bark ring out . a dark shape seem to lash out of the shadow — johan fall — he stone skitter across the ground — lenart johan ! johan look up at he brother , stricken — he reach for he fall stone — but be yanked suddenly into the shadow with a shriek ! lenart look to Mr Jones desperately — lenart ( cont ’d ) help we , Mr Jones ! Mr Jones stumble back , decide what he must do — he look down to see johan 's stone lie at he foot . CUT to : ext . rangitoto island - day the perfect volcanic cone , black against the sky . lenart ( 0.s. ) please ! fade to black under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 3 . ext . country town - day dense bush roll over rugge hill . Black cloud boil in the sky . a straight road lead out of a small country village through fence paddock . a schoolbag tumble over a fence . a teenage girl wear a schoolbag , rachel , climb the fence and look back . she grin , hold out a hand . rachel need help ? a teen boy , Theo , appear and clamber up the fence . Theo no . as he get to the top , he foot slip on the wire . instinctively , he throw out a hand , Rachel meet it with she own , steadying he on the fence . the pair be about 14 and have the same copper hair and green eye : they be unmistakably twins . they both jump down . Rachel grab theo 's bag and run off , theo in pursuit . they run together up the road — match for speed , Rachel just ahead . ext . farmhouse gate - day at a wide gate they cross the road . Rachel swing the bag around , fling it under a hedge . she start down the long driveway as theo run for he bag . Theo ( laugh ) you be so gonna die for that ! she round a curve in the drive and stop in she track — ext . farmhouse - day a police car be park in the driveway of the weather - beat house ahead . Rachel stare , she eye wide . rachel ( v.o. ) theo ! why be there a — 10 11 12 13 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 4 . ext . farmhouse gate - day 8 theo can also hear she . his own inner voice join hers , they word overlap : Theo ( v.o. ) — a police car . Rachel , where 's mum 's car — ext . farmhouse - day 9 theo 's voice ring in Rachel 's head . they thought have become one , a fluid share of word and feeling : rachel ( v.o. ) — what if there 's be — Theo ( v.o. ) — there 's be a accident — ext . farmhouse gate - day 10 theo , alone on the road , share she sudden alarm . rachel ( v.o. ) — a accident . I be sure there 's — Theo ( v.o. ) — there 's nothing to be scared of — ext . farmhouse - day 11 Rachel run to the house . rachel ( v.o. ) — I be scared , theo ! ext . farmhouse gate - day 12 theo drop he bag and run up the drive . int . farmhouse - day 13 Rachel pull open the screen door of the farmhouse and creep down the long dark tunnel of the hall . ahead , through the door , we find a policeman stand with he hat in he hand . Rachel push the door open further to reveal the twin 's father , sit at the table , face slack with shock . ( continued ) 13 14 15 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 5 . continued : 13 the policeman look up , he compassionate expression chill . burst into the kitchen , Rachel run to she father . she search he face for a answer to the question she 's afraid to ask . he nod , tear stream down he face . Rachel tremble with shock — ext . farmhouse - day 14 theo stop in he track , tremble as Rachel be — feeling what she' feeling . theo approach the house with trepidation . he climb the porch , pull open the door . int . farmhouse / various - day 15 theo head down the hallway , fearful ... in the kitchen , Rachel look up — face wrack with grief . in the hall , theo reel back against the wall , feel she pain , freeze — in the kitchen , Rachel look towards the door that separate they . rachel ( v.o. ) theo ? in the hallway , theo shake he head , unable to bear it . we hear she voice in he mind again , desperate . rachel ( v.o. ) theo ? I need you . something seem to snap . theo scramble back up the hall , slam through the screen door and stumble out onto the lawn . rachel ( v.o. ) theo , I — the screen door bang behind he — she voice cut off in he mind , as though a door between they have slammed shut . we push in towards the screen door , watch he ... then pull focus to the mesh , shutting out everything beyond . 16 17 18 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 6 . ext . country churchyard — day 16 a dark hole in the ground : a grave . gather around it be two dozen mourner in dark clothing and a Anglican reverend , reverend blatty . reverend blatty I be the resurrection and the life , saith the Lord ; he that believeth in I , though he be dead , yet shall he live ; and whosoever liveth and believeth in I shall never die . stand on either side of the grave be theo and Rachel , the hole in the ground a dark chasm between they . theo look to the head of the grave where they father kneel over the edge of the hole , sobbing . Rachel step forward , scatter a handful of rise petal into the grave . theo clutches a handful of petal , he expression impassive . Rachel search theo 's face , look for some way in . tear roll down she cheek . he meet she eye for a moment , then look away . his petal be clench in he fist , knuckle white . we CUT wide : a cluster of dark figure small in the landscape . the dark sky boil overhead . fade out . ext . auckland CITY - day 17 fade in on the sprawling city of Auckland pass by , as see from train level . int . train - day 18 the train clatter and rattles . theo peer out at the pass suburb . recorded voice ( v.o. ) next stop , Central Auckland . Central Auckland , next stop . rachel let I see — theo shrug she away and return to the window . ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 7 . continued : 18 Theo get off ! theo look outside again , frown — outside , push up out of the house and road be a GREEN volcanic cone . up ahead , another cone . int . britomart station - day 19 a train pull into the station . Rachel and theo walk past , Rachel struggle with she bag , theo push on ahead . ext . britomart station - day 20 volcanic steam cloud the air — a fountain outside the station . through the haze , we see theo step out of the station , look around . Rachel appear behind he , drag she bag . rachel where be he ? int / ext . ricky 's car / auckland park - day 21 the interior of a cramped , ratty - look datsun . two teenager be make out clumsily . thing be almost heating up ... knee bang against the handbrake — a elbow smack the door — clementine ow ! ricky sorry . a cell phone ring . ricky bolt upright , bang he head , grimace . ricky be 18 , almost cool , but not quite old enough to pull it off . clementine , the same age , be the kind of girl guy like ricky get only in they dream . we see now that the car be park under tree — a secluded park . ( continued ) 21 22 23 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 8 . continued : 21 ricky fumble for the phone ... it fall under the seat +. he rattles around , hunt for it , crush clementine . clementine ow — leave it — ricky ! ricky retrieve the phone , check it . ricky oh man ! what 's the time ? clementine sigh and switch off the music . ext . britomart station - day 22 the datsun pull up at the drop zone , ricky alone at the wheel . the twin sit on they luggage at the kerb . ricky lean across the passenger seat and open the door . ricky sorry I 'ma bit late . theo eye the crappy car dubiously . Theo we be not gonna get far in this thing . ricky catch the bus if you want , I do not care . the twin pile into the car . rachel Nice hickey . alarm , ricky check the rear-view mirror to find a small hickey on he neck . ext /int . central auckland street / ricky 's car - day 23 the car rattles and roar in complaint as ricky hammer down inner city street . Rachel sit in the front ; in the back , theo look out the window at the city . Rachel look back , note the black cloud cough out of the car 's exhaust . ( continued ) 23 24 25 26 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 9 . continued : 23 rachel I bet you can see you carbon footprint from space . ricky that 's good , right ? Rachel roll she eye . ricky ( cont 'd ) so you dad ... he 's okay , right ? rachel he just need some ' time out '. Theo he 's have a total meltdown . rachel that 's great . that 's a really great thing to tell people . Theo it 's true . ext . auckland CITY - day - aerial shot 24 we crane up as ricky 's car cross the harbour bridge . the spectacular collision of cosmopolitan city and Auckland 's volcanic field be reveal : green cone rise beyond city building . loom over everything , the dark triangle of rangitoto Island stand guardian to the harbour . ext . lake pupuke / takapuna - day 25 facing rangitoto be the clutter of takapuna 's apartment building and mall . beside it we find lake pupuke , a large body of water in the middle of a verdant suburb . ext . aunt & uncle 's house - day 26 ricky 's car pull up at a modernist mansion that step down toward the lake . Rachel and theo gape at the conspicuous opulence of the house . ( continued ) 26 27 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 10 . continued : 26 aunt kay and uncle cliff bustle out of the house as the kid climb out of the car . aunt Kay bury they in hug . kay hello , you two ! rachel hi auntie Kay . as ricky retrieve the bag from the car , uncle cliff shake hand with theo . cliff ( playfully serious ) theo . Theo cliff . rachel cool place . ricky ( head inside ) yeah — if you wanna live in a concrete bunker . cliff nobody 's force you ! ricky whatever . ricky make a face behind cliff 's back . the twin laugh . int . aunt & uncleas guest bedroom - day 27 Kay lead Rachel into a spacious guest room with bunk bed . the curtain be draw . rachel ( dubious ) bunk . Kay pause ... look at Rachel , misty - eye . Rachel look away , awkward . kay you look so much like she . rachel I know . ( continued ) 27 28 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 11 . continued : 27 Rachel sense what 's need : she offer a hug . her aunt hold she tightly , she eye close , comfort . Rachel 's eye remain open , she expression distant . kay I will let you get unpack . Kay bustles out . Rachel pull back the curtain to reveal — a spectacular view of the lake . house , walkway and park encircle its shore . under gather cloud , the water seem black . ext . aunt & uncle 's deck - day 28 theo look out at the lake at the end of the garden . house ring the shimmer water . it 's darkly beautiful . cliff you see the volcanoe on the way in ? theo turn to see cliff stand behind he . he nod . Theo be they dangerous ? cliff only when they erupt . but there have not be a eruption round here for a few hundred year . Theo I wanna go check they out . cliff you do not have to go far — ( point to the lake ) you be right on the edge of one . Theo the lake ? cliff it 's a crater . theo look back to the lake , eye widen . 29 30 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 12 . ext . aunt & uncle 's back garden - day 29 theo walk down the lawn to the lake 's edge . he stop and sniff , recoil at a smell . he look out across the lake , scan the house around the shore . his eye fall on one . he step forward to see better . across a inlet be a two -story wooden house , its weatherboard flaky and peel . more than 100 year old , the craggy verandah and dark window make the house feel like a dark sentinel watch the lake . rachel ( 0.s. ) what 's that smell ? Rachel be behind he . theo do not look up . Theo I dunno . rachel like rotten cabbage . be it the water ? theo look back across the lake to the house ... Theo I can not smell anything . he turn and walk up the lawn . Rachel watch he go , frustrated . she step out to the edge of the water and look out at the old house . spooky place . int . aunt & uncle 's live room - dusk 30 a open package of fish and chip hit the floor . uncle cliff grab a handful of chip and collapse onto the couch in between theo and ricky , who protest noisily . cliff ( cuffle theo 's hair ) just get closer to the fire . theo roll he eye . kay and there be kayak — Richard , you will show they the kayak ? ( continued ) 30 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 13 . continued : 30 ricky be send a text message , frantically thumbing the number on he phone . ricky they be under the house , round the back . kay show they . cliff when do we get to meet this girl ? what 's she name — tangerine ? ricky ( glare ) clementine . theo look around for something ... turn to see Rachel hold out the sauce bottle with a half -smile . he snatch it and pour sauce onto he plate . Theo what 's up with that old house ? kay the wilberforce place ? ricky they be freak , eh. cliff they just keep to themselves . ricky I have see he sit out there by the lake at , like , two o'clock in the morning and stuff . kay Old people have trouble sleep . ricky you have know . cliff you might be old one day , if you be really lucky . ricky it use to be a funeral home . kay Richard ... ( continued ) 30 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 cliff ( laugh ) who tell you that ? ricky for real ! crazy old guy still drive the hearse . kay honestly ... cliff his car do look like a hearse ... Theo I bet the house be full of corpse . he probably do autopsy and taxidermy and stuff ... Rachel go pale at talk of funeral parlour and body . rachel shut up , theo . Theo he might embalm you if he catch you — rachel shut up ! a low rumble . the house shake around they — a EARTHQUAKE ! theo look around , wide - eye , as the furniture and knick - knack shift and rattle . quickly , the tremor subside . they exchange glance , scared — thrilled — then everyone talk as once : kay God , another one ... cliff do not everybody get under the table at once . ricky that 's gotta be a 3.5 , a four even ! Theo that be awesome ! Kay look at cliff , worried . cliff it ‘'ll be fine . ( continued ) 30 31 32 33 34 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 15 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 amid the chatter and bustle , Rachel be quietly terrify . int . aunt & uncle 's house - night 31 Rachel emerge from the bathroom in she pyjamas , head down the hall . murmur come from inside ricky 's room . Rachel pause in the doorway , eavesdropp . through the gap we can see ricky lie on he bed , talk quietly on he phone . ricky I can not. ( beat ) I be suppose to drive my cousin around . ( beat ) I know ... I do want to , I promise . Rachel step away from the door and head towards the guest bedroom . int . aunt & uncle 's guest bedroom - night 32 theo lie awake in the top bunk . Rachel enter in she pyjamas , close the door behind she . rachel ( whisper ) theo ? theo pretend to be asleep . Rachel pad to the window . ext . lakeshore - night 33 the sinister shape of the wilberforce house across the lake . int . aunt & uncleas guest bedroom - night 34 Rachel peer through the murk at the eerie house . from he bed , theo watch Rachel . 34a 34b 35 36 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 16 . ext . wilberforce house - night 34a the tall figure of a man stand in the shadow under the rusting verandah . he seem to be look back at Rachel . int . aunt & uncleas guest bedroom - night 34b Rachel stare back , a little spook . int . aunt & uncleas house / kitchen - morning 35 a note on the bench read gone to work - eat real food ! a large kitchen with expensive fitting . a small tv , switch on , the sound mute . on the bench be a selection of cereal box . theo scan they , try to decide . moment later : theo serve himself a bowl of ice cream and start eat . on tv , a smile tv news reader talk against a backdrop image of central auckland and the head Auckland shaken . theo grab the remote and switch on the sound — news reader aucklander duck for cover last night as the latest in a series of small earthquake rattle the region . the shallow jolt measure 3.7 on the richter scale and be centre on rangitoto Island . the seismic Research Institute say today that the quake be unlikely to be a indication of volcanic activity , and aucklander have no cause for alarm . ( beat ) the meat industry be breathe a sigh of relief today after lamb export be give the all clear follow a unexplain incident at a lower North Island sheep station ... CUT to : int . aunt & uncle 's live room - day 36 a artist rendering of rangitoto in full eruption , dark cloud a fiery red . the head read rangitoto - '' bleeding skie '' . ( continued ) 36 37 38 39 40 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 17 . continued : 36 Theo ( to himself ) bleed sky . theo sit in a soft couch with he back to the lake . he 's read a hardback book — volcanoe of auckland , circa the 1980 . he flip through the page . a map of auckland show the volcanoe mark in red . ext . aunt & uncle 's house - day 37 Rachel , in a bright life jacket , drag a kayak down the grass to the water 's edge . she climb in and push off . ext . lake pupuke - day 38 Rachel cut across the black water , paddle carefully but confidently . she peer down into the darkness , spook — it 's deep down there . Rachel look up to find she 's near the wilberforce house . Dead tree frame the house , skeletal finger reach out across the water . see from the lake through leafless branch and tangle vine , the wilberforce house be dark and tumbledown , weatherboard thick with moss , roof rotten and sink - in , window dark . no sign of life . creeaak ! the back door open , just a crack . something move in the darkness beyond . Rachel 's eye widen ... then she squeal as a branch snag she hair . int . aunt & uncle 's live room - day 39 theo jerk , reach to he head . he look out to where Rachel and the kayak bob in the shadow of the dead tree . ext . lake pupuke - day 40 Rachel reach up to find that she hair tie be go . ( continued ) 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 18 . continued : 40 with a last glance at the old house , she turn and paddle for shore . ext . lakeshore - day 41 Rachel drag the kayak out of the water into the reed at the lake 's edge . she look back at the wilberforce house . a figure pick its way down from he house towards the lakeshore . Rachel duck behind the reed , watch . ext . wilberforce house - day 42 under the shadow of the house , the man move as if slowed and bent by age , but he frame be monumental . his line face seem roughly hewn from stone , eye black hole under heavy brow . mr wilberforce reach into the dead tree . he take something from its branch , open he hand to reveal — Rachel 's hair tie . Mr wilberforce slowly raise he hand to he face ... and seem to sniff at the hair . ext . lakeshore - day 43 Rachel watch , horrify ... ext . wilberforce house - day 44 Mr wilberforce close a club-like fist around she hair tie and crunch back up the path to he house . ext . lakeshore - day 45 Rachel shrink , chill . she look around the lawn , suddenly feel vulnerable . int . aunt & uncle 's live room - day 46 in the live room , theo turn to the next page . more image — another volcano — a grassy cone with a view out over the city ... 47 48 49 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 19 . ext / int . mt eden road / ricky 's car - day 47 ricky 's car drive through the centre of Mt eden , towards the grassy cone of the volcano tower above . a sign read mt eden summit . ricky 's car follow the road up towards Mt eden . ricky drive , the twin cramme into the car with he . craggy tree line the road like a tunnel of gnarled talon , sunlight filter through in eerie shaft . Rachel 's eye widen — a dark figure can be glimpse between the trunk , still as a statue , as if watch the car . Rachel look back — the figure be go , hide by the tree . ext . mt eden crater / viewing platform - day 48 a huge grass bowl — the crater of this not- long - dead volcano . Rachel , theo and ricky stand on the platform , dwarf by the scale of it . Beyond , over city and water , be rangitoto . ricky ( point ) that 's one Tree Hill ... Mt krakatoa over there ... Mt vesuvius ... Mt etna . that 's North head and rangitoto . Rachel shiver against the cold . rachel I think Auckland be suppose to be warm . Theo I be gonna find some volcanic rock . theo jump down off the stone wall and head around the crater . ext . mt eden crater rim - day 49 theo march around the edge , put all he be into walk hard , make himself feel nothing else . a cold wind whip at he , the sky be grey . ( continued ) 49 50 51 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 20 . continued : 49 he stop and look down into the deep hole , the people at the bottom tiny . ext . mt eden crater / viewing platform - day 50 Rachel look out across the city . ricky lean on the fence , texting . Beyond , theo stride around the crater rim . ricky look up from he phone , watch theo . ricky be he okay ? rachel I can not get through to he . it 's like he 's on another planet . ext . mt eden crater rim — day 51 theo look up to the crest of the hill above he . a figure sit , silhouett on the edge , face rangitoto . Mr Jones be barely older than when we last see he , but he seem a shadow of he former self : beat , the fire have die in he eye . he stare across at the black island opposite . a warm glow of firelight dance on he face , emanate from he hand . theo approach the old man from behind . a flicker of flame in he hand . theo peer closer , intrigue . as theo step up Jones close he hand , the fire disappear . he stuff whatever make the fire into the pocket of he jacket . he turn to theo , he eye blaze with momentary interest . he look up at theo 's copper hair . theo raise a hand to he hair involuntarily . the man seem to stare into he , read he , as if look for a answer from he ... theo turn and hurry on around the crater . as he go the light in the old man 's eye die — as if he be search for something and realise , with disappointment , it be not to be find with theo . ( continued ) 51 52 53 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 21 . continued : 51 he look back across the city and sea to the distant volcano . int . aunt & uncle 's kitchen - evening 52 ricky be get a grill from Kay and cliff . ricky Cause I have get thing to do . cliff what thing ? ricky better thing . cliff okay , but you be take the twin with you . ricky I do not get why I have to babysit they . they be not kid — kay we be not say they be . ricky why have you put they in bunk then ? int . aunt & uncle 's live room - evening 53 theo read , the volcano book open on he lap . Rachel talk on the phone , try to shield the mouthpiece from the argument in the kitchen . rachel ( into the phone ) nothing get break but the whole house be shaking ... kay ( 0.s. ) you have to start take some responsibility , Richard ... cliff ( 0.s . ) a '' commitment '' be where you actually have to do whatever it be you say you would do . ( continued ) 53 54 55 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 22 . continued : 53 rachel ( into the phone ) anyway , we will tell you about it when we get home . sorry you be not there ... ricky ( 0.s. ) what be you , my English teacher ? rachel ( into the phone ) -.-. hope you be okay . I love you . int . aunt & uncle 's kitchen - evening 54 cliff lean in towards ricky , so as not to be overhear . cliff you think this be hard on you ? try and imagine what Rachel and theo be go through . ricky look away , guilty . cliff ( cont 'd ) you promise to do you part . ricky like I need remind . int . aunt & uncle 's live room - evening 55 ricky stomp past as Rachel hold the phone out to theo . Theo ( without look up ) I '' read . rachel it 's just voicemail . she 's still hold out the phone . he sigh , take it , then wait ... at last , she get he drift and leave the room . as soon as she 's go , theo switch off the phone and put it aside . he pick up the book . in a sepia-tone photograph , a group of settler picnic on the shore of Lake pupuke . a man stand apart , look towards the camera : mr jone . ( continued ) 55 56 57 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 23 . continued : 55 theo frown . there 's something familiar about the old man in the photo ... ext . aunt & uncle 's house - night 56 the house glow pale , like box of reflect moonlight on the dark shore . Rachel look out the window in the direction of the wilberforce house — then pull the curtain across . in the darkness , a sickly sniffing sound , like some guttural animal follow a scent . shape melt out of the darkness — one , three , five , more : dark sentinels push forward from the shadow . in the darkness , we can make out several men in dark suit . they stare up at the house , watch , wait ... ext . aunt & uncle 's house - day 57 ricky come out of the house , follow by theo and Rachel . they join uncle cliff who glare down at the lawn , he expression dark . cliff ( to ricky ) you lot know anything about this ? Dead patch of grass blot the lawn . trails of brown lead back to the edge of the lake . ricky nope . cliff well , I have not be out here . ricky why be everything my fault ? it 's outside they room , anyway . the trail of footprint do indeed lead towards Rachel and theo 's window . Rachel and theo follow the trail to below they window . rachel ( quietly to theo ) someone 's spying on we ! ( continued ) 57 58 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 24 . continued : 57 theo 's eye alight with excitement . Theo yeah ! she meet he gaze , spook ... then turn to look back across at the wilberforce house . ext . hauraki gulf - day 58 rangitoto — as see from the surface of the sea : a black pyramid , fill the horizon . uncle cliff stand on the deck of a bob boat — the sea lady — expertly play and casting a large fishing rod . ricky sit behind , wear a lifejacket and hold he phone in the air , try to get a signal . a snorkel surface from the black water in a puff of spray ... theo follow it , come up for air . he turn towards the mountain , tread water . theo jerk under — — then come up spluttering . Rachel surface behind he and laugh . Theo Dick . theo swim back towards the boat . Rachel look up at the loom black peak and frown , as though remember something once say to she ... rachel bleed sky . she gasp suddenly , catch a glimpse of — a figure , lurking in the tree above the rock at the water 's edge . a wilberforce drone . chill , Rachel swim strongly to the boat and haul herself on board . she look back towards the island — there 's no sign of the drone now — suddenly , cliff 's fishing rod scream as the reel unwind . he grab the handle , reel furiously . the rod bend alarmingly . he shout — — and heave a flap fish over the side of the boat . the other jump back as he lower it to the deck . ( continued ) 58 59 60 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 25 . continued : 58 cliff well , do not just stand there . ext . NORTH shore boat ramp - day 59 the glassy - eye fish hit a sheet of newspaper laid out on the asphalt . a concrete boat ramp lead down to a sandy North shore beach . ricky and uncle cliff hook the boat trailer onto the car . theo wrinkle he nose and look around ... frown as something further around the road catch he eye . ext . car park - day 60 theo hold he hand over he nose and mouth as he approach the Wilberforces 's hearse , park under tree . Rachel scamper to catch up with he . rachel it 's a hearse . must be they — the Wilberforces . she stop , she hand go to she nose . theo gag . Theo it stink ! rachel the same as at the lake . the twin reach the hearse . the back door be close . something viscous drip from they onto the ground . theo cup he hand against the back window to peer in . his breath fog the glass . something coat the inside , obscure the view . he reach for the door handle . rachel ( cont 'd ) maybe we should not ... theo pull the door open . it open with a schluk , like a wound be pull open . stringy slime cling to the edge . the twin grimace in disgust as they see — the hearse interior be warpe and gnarled , crust with glisten layer of organic matter . ( continued ) 60 61 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 26 . continued : 60 Rachel gag , she hand go to she mouth . rachel ( cont 'd ) what be it ? theo reach out to touch the fleshy interior , then jerk he hand back . rachel ( cont 'd ) what , be it hot ? Theo it 's cold ! rachel I wonder what they be do here . Rachel turn , look out to sea : rangitoto lurk on the horizon beyond the dark water . rachel ( cont ’d ) theo , be they watch we ? theo stare into the depth of the car , eye bright with interest . int . ricky 's bedroom - night 61 theo burst into ricky 's dark bedroom , binocular and a torch in he hand . ricky theo ! theo go to the window . Theo keep the light off , that 's good . he peer through the binocular . there be a thump and rustle from behind he . theo lower the binocular and turn around . ricky glower at theo as clementine , sit on the edge of the bed , pull she T-shirt on over she bra . theo stare , open mouth . clementine glare back at he . clementine enjoy the view ? ( continued ) under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 27 . 61 continued : 61 ricky Clem , wait ... she push past theo and go to the window . she push it open and turn back . clementine call I when the school holiday be over . she throw a leg over the sill and jump out the window . theo watch she go ... and then look back to ricky . Theo whoa ! ricky thanks a lot , theo . Theo be she you girlfriend ? have you ... ricky collapse on he bed , pull he pillow over he head and moan ! ricky no ! theo watch he for a minute ... ricky play dead . theo go back to the window , training the binocular on the wilberforce house . Theo you think they be home ? ricky ( muffle under cover ) it 's just a creepy old house . Theo then let 's go check it out . ricky no way ! Theo why not ? ricky wrench he pillow from he face . ricky Cause it 's a creepy old house ! ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 61 theo turn back , intent . through the binocular : the Wilberforces 's door be a dark maw in the face of the house . int . aunt & uncleas guest bedroom - night 62 Rachel lie on the bed , read . the sound of a door open offscreen . she get up and go to the window . she see movement — outside , theo step out of ricky 's glass door into the back garden . ext . aunt & uncle 's house - night 63 ricky lean out of the door . ricky do not blame I if Mr wilberforce keep a shotgun under he bed or something . he slam the door shut . theo turn on the torch and head around the lakeshore towards the wilberforce house . ext . wilberforce house - night 64 the torch beam pick out the craggy tree — pale claw of wood dance in the darkness . theo pick he way through skeletal bush . his torch pick out a old sign , lie tangle in dead creeper and branch . theo clear they away to reveal the fade word beneath : wilberforce funeral SERVICES . he click off the light and watch , breathe quietly . the house be silent , the door close . slip from he hide place , theo dart up the bare ground to the house . he try to peer through the board on the window , then step up on the porch — wooden board creak . the front door seem to be lock . theo push on it , experimentally — it open a crack — footstep crunch toward he from the darkness . he plaster himself against the wall — pin , expose — ( continued ) 64 65 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 29 . continued : 64 rachel ( 0.s. ) ( loud whisper ) theo ? theo breathes again as Rachel climb the step . theo flick on the torch and point it into she face . Rachel shield she eye from the sudden glare . rachel ( cont 'd ) do not go in there . Theo I can do what I want . he turn off the torch and head back into the house . int . wilberforce house - night 65 Rachel appear behind theo and they stare , open mouth ... what may have once be room , furniture or stair have decaye into a open cavernous space . everything grow with twisted organic matter — as if the house itself have form out of gnarled scar tissue . the twin creep forward to look , take it in with horror . theo swing the torch slowly around . vague remnant of wooden beam and doorway poke from the awful fleshiness . a sudden jolt , as though someone just pick the house up and shook it — then a clatter as a EARTHQUAKE roll through the house , its ancient weatherboard shifting and groan . Dust sift down from above . silence . the twin look around , wide - eye . mr wilberforce ( 0.s. ) the gargantua ... drone ( 0.s. ) they shake the earth . the twin jump at the sound of the voice , come from the door to outside . they duck into the shadow of a hallway . theo fumble to kill the torch . rachel turn it off ! ( continued ) 65 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 30 . continued : 65 theo turn off the light , just as two tall figure step into the room - mr wilberforce and a wilberforce drone . mr wilberforce soon they be free . Mr wilberforce look suddenly towards Rachel and theo and sniff . Rachel and theo pull back into the shadow , hold they breath . drone what ? mr wilberforce twin — on the lake . I smell they . drone do the fire-raiser know ? mr wilberforce the fire-raiser be old . no warm in its bone . drone if the twin find the fire-raiser ? mr wilberforce then we make they dead . the twin exchange horrify glance . a sucking SOUND . theo peer around break board and old joist , try to see into the hallway . a glimpse of the drone , disappear into the hole in the floor with another weird slurp . Rachel and theo wait a moment , then step hesitantly out of the shadow . rachel ( whisper ) be they go ? Theo yeah — down that hole . rachel I be try to tell you — they can smell we , just like we can smell they ! theo head across the room , torch raise . ( continued ) 65 66 67 68 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 31 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 rachel ( cont ’d ) we have to go . come on ! theo arrive at the edge of the hole and peer down . the torch beam pick out detail of another fleshy space — even more organic than that above it . a seal membrane . barrp ! the membrane undulate , draw back — revealing a rippling tunnel . Rachel and theo recoil — theo drop the torch — it tumble into the darkness . the twin freeze , eye on the hole in the floor . silence ... then a horrible , clatter bark ring out from far below ! the twin break for the door . ext . wilberforce house - night 66 the twin run down the back step and into the dead bush at the lake 's edge . ext . lakeside - night 67 the twin pick they way through the bush . behind they , Mr wilberforce appear on the porch . rachel look ! the twin duck down and watch as Mr wilberforce scan the lakeshore . he hold Theo 's torch in he hand . the twin cringe as another hideous bark ring out . int . aunt & uncleas guest bedroom - night 68 the twin slip inside and lock the back door . theo be shaking with adrenalin , Rachel wide - eye . rachel why do you have to kick that torch ? Theo no one ask you to come . rachel we be suppose to be there for each other ! ( continued ) 68 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 32 . continued : 68 Theo say who — dad ? rachel we should tell someone . Theo not till we know what 's go on . rachel but they be gonna kill we ! Theo ( shrug ) so ? rachel you do not mean that ! Rachel reach out to grasp he hand . whisper reverberate around they as they finger almost connect . Theo get off ! he try to pull away , but she grab he hand tightly . whisper swirl as Rachel 's voice resonate in theo 's mind : Theo ( cont 'd ) get the hell out of my ... ( head ) rachel ( v.o . ) -+. I need to know you be not gonna ... ( just leave I ) Theo ++. just leave I ... ( alone ) rachel ( v.o . ) --- alone , theo - I feel so alone ! theo push she away — Theo we be alone . get use to it . he stalk away . slump against the wall , Rachel quake . in the dark ... alone . 69 70 71 72 73 74 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 33 . int . aunt & uncle 's live room - night 69 on the couch , theo have make up a bed with blanket and a pillow . he look at the page of the volcano book . he turn to the page with the photo of Lake pupuke , with its tiny image of Mr Jones — ext . mt eden crater rim - day - flashback 70 approach Mr Jones from behind to see the fire glow in he hand — the old man search theo 's face — int . aunt & uncle 's live room - night 71 theo look up from the volcano book , he eye wide as he realise : Theo the fire-raiser . int . aunt & uncleas guest bedroom - night 72 Rachel crawl into the darkest corner of the bottom bunk and draw the cover up around she . she stare , wide eye , into the darkness . ext . aunt & uncle 's house - day 73 Morning . the house by the lake . its cold , hard surface reflect the morning light and the shimmer water . a new sign block the path to the back garden read private property - no thoroughfare ! grey cloud roil above . int . ricky 's bedroom - morning 74 ricky sleep — with the total commitment only a 18 year - old can afford . the door open and theo enter , stuff the volcano book into he backpack as he go . Theo get up . ricky grunt ... stir . ( continued ) 74 75 76 77 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 34 . continued : 74 ricky wha — ? Theo I need a favour . ricky get lose , theo . Theo what would you old man say if he know what you be do in here last night ? ricky open he eye . ricky I be not do anything . thanks to you . ( beat ) what do you want , anyway ? ext . aunt & uncle 's house - day 75 ricky 's car — with ricky and theo inside — whine up the drive . int . aunt & uncle 's house - day 76 the live room — empty . the kitchen , hall , stair — empty . Rachel pad out of she room , zipping up a baggy hoodie . rachel hello ? aunty Kay ? theo ? she open the door to ricky 's room and look in . no one there . she spot the binocular , where theo leave they the night before . ext . mt eden summit - day 77 from the crater of Mt eden , we look across Auckland towards rangitoto as grey cloud roll over the city . in the car park , ricky be asleep in he car . theo head around the crater towards the bench where Mr Jones be sit . he carry the volcano book . 78 79 80 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 35 . omitted 78 omitted 79 ext . mt eden crater rim — day 80 theo arrive at the bench — to find it empty . he sigh , defeat — a hand grab he shoulder , spin he around — mr jone what do you want ? Mr Jones loom over he . theo tremble in fear . he open the book , show Mr Jones the photo . Theo ( 0.s. ) that 's you , right ? mr jone you be mistaken . Theo you be the fire-raiser . Mr Jones frown , surprised . mr jone no — my name be Jones . Theo but they call you that . the Wilberforces . Mr Jones hand theo back the book . mr jone I do not know anyone by that name . and I do not know you . he turn and walk away . Theo wait — they say they have kill we — I and my sister . Jones stop in he track , suddenly interested — almost wolfish . mr jone you be twin . ( continued ) under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 36 . 80 continued : 80 surprise , theo nod . mr jone ( cont ’d ) the Wilberforces have see you ? Theo they could smell we . Jones look around , as if suddenly paranoid . theo follow he gaze . a gangly figure stand silhouett on the far side of the crater rim , watch they . Theo ( cont 'd ) what be it ? close on : the figure , thin and somehow disjoint - look , dark eye under craggy feature — a wilberforce , watch theo and Mr Jones , eye glitter with malice — 81 int . wilberforce house - day 81 deep in the shadow of the house , Mr wilberforce raise he head , eye wide , hearing something we cannot — 82 omitted 82 83 ext . mt eden crater rim — day 83 Mr Jones squint towards the gangly figure , recognise it for what it be . Theo what 's wrong ? mr jone where 's you sister now ? Theo we aunt and uncle 's place — the lake . Mr Jones take theo 's shoulder , alarmed . mr jone she 's alone ... at Lake pupuke ? theo nod . 83a 83b under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 37 . int / ext . ricky 's car / mt eden car park - day 83a ricky jerk awake with a yelp as Mr Jones climb into the car . ricky hey get outta my car , old man ! theo climb in after he . Theo it 's okay , he 's with I . ricky well , he 's not with I ! mr jone just do what you be tell , boy — drive . Theo we have to go home . ricky half a hour ago all you want to do be get outta there . mr jone ( sigh to himself ) Children ... ricky hey ! who the hell be you , anyway ? Mr Jones glare at he . Theo now , ricky ! theo 's expression be deadly urgent . ricky think about it a moment longer — then start the car . int . aunt and uncleas guest bedroom - day 83b Rachel watch the wilberforce house through the binocular . nothing to see — then movement catch she eye — Rachel gasp as she binocular find Mr wilberforce step out of the shadow onto the porch of he house . he look straight at she ! she duck back from the window . 84 85 86 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 38 . int . aunt & uncle 's house - day 84 Rachel run down the stair . she lock the front door , slide the chain across . she look around , the house suddenly terrifyingly expose : window everywhere . Rachel pull curtain across frantically . she get to the kitchen and check that the door be lock . she duck , panting , against the wall . omitted 85 int . aunt & uncle's house - day 86 Rachel peer out the window . there 's no sign of Mr wilberforce . Rachel gasp with fear , realise she 's lose track of he — bang -bang ! pound on the front door . Rachel shriek with fright . rachel ( shout ) leave I alone ! policeman ( 0.s. ) Police ! shake with fear , Rachel approach the door . she peer through the window next to it — outside , we can see a policeman . policeman ( cont 'd ) open the door , please . Rachel reach for the door handle — policeman ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I have get a message for the twin . Rachel frown . her hand pause on the door handle . policeman ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) there 's be a accident . rachel ( shocked ) what ? ( continued ) 86 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 39 . continued : 86 she reach for the door ... policeman it 's ... mother . Rachel hesitates . policeman ( cont 'd ) be ... hurt . rachel but ... outside the policeman tremble . his skin twitches , bubbles , glisten ... policeman open the door . Rachel kick over pot plant as she back away from the door , shaking she head in confusion . rachel why be you do this ? policeman open the door ... let we in ! rachel leave I alone ! policeman open ... the ... door ! whamp . the door shake . bam bam bam . again ... then ... silence . Rachel stare at the door , breathless . the wood around the door handle begin to fester and decay . a spread patch become the sickly dead flesh of the Wilberforces 's house . the lock slough away ; the door slam open , banging on the end of the chain . the policeman 's hand and the door be meld together , he finger disappear into the rotting surface of the door . now finger push out of the surface of the door — become a arm — part flesh , part wood , part uniform sleeve — that reach up for the chain . the finger claw the latch of the chain and gouge it out . ( continued ) 86 87 88 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 86 the door burst open and the policeman step in . his face have lose its shape , hang loose and wet . his uniform seem to be run into he flesh , detail blur . at the end of he arm , he uniform sleeve and hand be ill-formed , a fleshy club . Rachel scream and stumble back into the stair . she turn and scramble up they . the policeman stride up after she . omitted 87 int . aunt & uncleas house / mezzanine - day 88 Rachel run along the mezzanine , around the corner to the bedroom . the policeman stride forward , menacingly confident now . he pause at the corner , step powerfully into the bedroom — and find empty room and closet door . he sniff ... and home in on a door . he snatch it open — a golf bag fall out , club tumble . the policeman twitches , peer into the closet — Rachel explode out , swinging a golf club . she smashes at the policeman — he recoil , barely — and snarl . his face shudder , skin blister ... what look like wormlike tentacles ripple beneath the surface of he flesh as the policeman become mr wilberforce ! Rachel gasp . she throw the club at wilberforce , he smashes it to the leave , she duck past on the right . she get to the balcony of the mezzanine , clamber over , jump — as wilberforce reach out and grab she arm , arrest she fall , jerk she horribly . Rachel scream , in pain and terror . wilberforce 's hand stretch from he body , he wrist and dark suite sleeve a fibrous melange . strands , like tiny tentacles , whip around Rachel 's arm , bind she to he . the fabric of Rachel 's top become one with wilberforce 's flesh , grow into it like a fester wound . ( continued ) 88 88a 88b 89 89a under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 4l . continued : 88 Rachel grit she tooth in agony . tear spill from she eye . finger of putrefaction creep up she shoulder towards she neck . int / ext . rickyan car / takapuna street - day 88a theo flinch suddenly , he hand go to he arm . he grimace in agony . ricky what be it ? Theo she 's hurt ! in the back seat , Mr Jones watch theo — he eye blaze with interest . int . aunt & uncleas house / mezzanine - day 88b dangle high above the floor like a fish on a line , Rachel twist around and unzip the hoodie and slip out of Mr wilberforce 's clutches , drop — hard — onto the couch below . Rachel rights herself , stunne , and stumble to the kitchen . ext . aunt & uncle 's back garden - day 89 Rachel stagger away from the house towards the lake shore , she arm hang limp , the skin blister . she look into the water . her terrify reflection stare back from the surface . she look back to see Mr wilberforce stride down the garden toward she ... then throw herself into the water . Mr wilberforce reach the edge . the surface of the lake churn . there 's no sign of she . int . lake pupuke - underwater 89a look up towards the surface . Mr wilberforce be visible through the rippling water , search for she . Rachel wait . a bubble of air escape from she mouth — 89b 90 91 92 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 42 . ext . aunt & uncle 's back garden - day 89b the bubble burst on the surface of the lake . Mr wilberforce frown , step closer . a neighbour , mr carpenter look across from the next section . his eye meet Mr wilberforce 's . see he expression , Mr carpenter frown . mr wilberforce ( force ) Lovely ... day ... Mr carpenter look up to black cloud overhead , perplex . mr carpenter ( mutter ) bloody foreigner . with a last look at the water , Mr wilberforce turn and march back towards he house . omitted 90 int . aunt & uncle 's house - day - continuous 91 theo step through the ruin front door . Theo no ... ricky and Mr Jones follow as theo dash into the house . Theo ( cont 'd ) ( call ) rach ? ext . lakeshore - day 92 the lake lap at the reed at the bottom of the garden . Rachel claw she way across the deck , weak and desperate . her neck and arm be grey from Mr wilberforce 's touch . finger of fleshy putrefaction trail down towards she hand . theo run to Rachel 's side as she slump in the grass , Mr Jones behind he . theo be wide eye and pale with shock . he reach out ... but be afraid to touch she . ( continued ) 92 93 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 43 . continued : 92 rachel theo ... ricky oh , man ... Mr Jones look over toward the Wilberforces 's house . mr jone we need to get she inside . int . aunt & uncle 's house - day 93 Mr Jones carry Rachel to the couch . theo kneel close . ricky I will call a ambulance . mr jone no . Mr Jones kneel beside she . ricky so what be you , a doctor now ? ricky step towards Mr Jones , but theo stop he . Theo no , wait — Mr Jones examine Rachel 's arm . ricky theo , this be ... this be crazy . the room fill with a warm firelight . the light emanate from the palm of Mr Jones 's hand . it spread up Rachel 's arm — where it begin to warm the grey of Mr wilberforce 's touch . ricky 's mouth fall open . ricky ( cont 'd ) or maybe it 's just I . Mr Jones 's brow furrow . he grip Rachel 's arm tightly . the fire whisper around she neck then flicker , weaken . the wound on Rachel 's skin pale , fade ... the flesh knotting into a bloom of scar tissue . ( continued ) 93 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 44 , continued : 93 Mr Jones seem to will , pale and exhaust . rachel ( weak ) how do you — ? mr jone Rest now . Rachel slip back into the couch . theo pull off he hoodie , place it over she . ricky look around the room at the carnage , horrify . Theo why be they do this to we ? mr jone not now — not here . they think she 's dead , but soon they 'il pick up the scent of you twin-ness again . and they 's 1l come for you . Theo ( to ricky ) can you drive we ? mr jone no — there 's a way we will not be see . help I get she up . theo and Mr Jones lift Rachel to she foot . she sway , she pallor ghastly . Jones put he arm around she , support she . mr jone ( cont ’d ) now you , theo ... hold on to I . and whatever you do , do not let go . ricky look up , snap out of he daze . ricky hey , what the hell ? Theo it 's okay , ricky . ricky some dodgy old man — no offense — want to have a group hug and — Theo cover for we , okay ? ( continued ) 93 94 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 ricky I promise I would look after you . Theo you be — if we stay here we be dead . ricky I be in charge and you guy be not go anywhere ! Mr Jones close he eye , he brow furrow with the depth of he concentration . a brilliant ball of fire seem to well up inside he , its glare eclipsing both he and the twin . a whump like a small sonic boom as air rush into the space where Mr Jones and the twin be stand . ricky stare , open-mouthed . ext . mr jones' cottage - day 94 a decrepit cottage sit wedge between ostentatious mcmansion that seem determine to encroach upon its modest territory . a rush sound grow — like the soft crackle of flame . the crackle seem to build to a rush point . behind the neighbour a hot light flare — and the twin and Mr Jones materialise in front of the cottage . Jones collapse to he knee , cough and hack . both twin be soak with sweat . they look around , stunne to have find themselves somewhere else . Theo how do you do that ? Mr Jones seem to have age ten year in the few second since they leave the house . mr jone Inside . Mr Jones lead the twin through the gate . a neighbour , mrs wilkinson , peer down from the deck of the mansion above . her face be stony . mr jone my granddaughter . she 's unwell . Mrs wilkinson stare , not quite buy it . 95 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 46 . int . mr jone 's cottage - day 95 Rachel and theo look around the dusty old cottage as Mr Jones hand they mismatch glass of water . mr jone you will need to rehydrate yourselves . the twin exchange glance as Mr Jones sit down . Theo tell we everything . Mr Jones stare into space , as if decide where to start . mr jone you have see they ; you have see what they can do . rachel ( quietly ) what be they ? mr jone the one you call the Wilberforces be a predatory race . they be merciless , cun , greedy . they hunger for power be great . all they lack be the strength to conquer ... then they find the gargantua . Theo '' gargantua ? '' mr jone creature with the power to lay waste to entire world . the Wilberforces tame they . they evolve together over countless generation . they learn to travel through space . to make whole world they own . and they do it again and again ... rachel to you world ? Jones nod . mr jone a few of we escape . we gather we strength , and follow they here . we put they to sleep under million of ton of rock . ( continued ) 95 96 97 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 47 . continued : 95 Theo the volcanoe . mr jone ( nod ) the large gargantua , the mother , under rangitoto . Mr Jones step to the window . we push out the window to look over a long , unkempt rectangle of lawn ... to rangitoto beyond . ext . auckland various — day 96 the peak of one Tree Hill , Mt Wellington , Mt mangare , Mt eden — now unearthly and sinister amongst the sprawl of Auckland . mr jone ( v.o . ) her six child beneath mount Wellington , mount mangere , mount Victoria , one Tree Hill , mount eden and Lake pupuke . the water of Lake pupuke , brood , black . the wilberforce house , a ghostly presence beside the water . int . mr jones' cottage - day 97 Rachel and theo be rivete as Mr Jones 's story continue . mr jone Seven gargantua , seven Wilberforces . a deep rumble as another tremor shake the earth . mr jone ( cont ’d ) but the Wilberforces wake and freed themselves . soon they gargantua will follow and it will begin . the cottage rattles as the tremor pass and die . rachel when ? mr jone soon. Theo then let 's ... call the army ! ( continued ) under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 48 . 97 continued : 97 rachel the New Zealand army ? Theo okay ... America ! they could find the Wilberforces and nuke they ! or — Mr Jones shake he head . he hold out he hand and reveal two round , flat stone . mr jone the Wilberforces can only be defeat use this . Theo rock ? mr jone when we find out the Wilberforces be waking up , we know we have to destroy they . wipe they out for good . we pool the last of we power to make the stone . and my twin and I be choose to wield they . rachel you twin ? Jones nod . mr jone every one of my people have a twin . we share everything . but the journey here be hard ... on we both . my twin do not survive . Mr Jones 's expression be one of infinite loneliness . Rachel place a comforting hand on he arm . he look up , he eye burn again . mr jone ( cont ’d ) my only hope be to find more twin . twin who could use the stone . 98 ext . rangitoto flyover - day 98 soaring over the vast crater of rangitoto , dark with tree and dense vegetation . mr jone ( v.o. ) they must be throw together into rangitoto 's crater . only twin-ness can ignite they power . ( more ) ( continued ) under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 49 , 98 continued : 98 mr jone ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the mother will die , then she child . and without the gargantua , the Wilberforces will perish . 99 int . mr jone 's cottage - day 99 back in the cottage — rachel ' twin-ness 's ... mr jone you know what I mean . Rachel look at theo — he avoid she gaze . mr jone ( cont ’d ) one for you , theo ... ( consider they ) this one . he place one on the table in front of theo , the other closer to Rachel . mr jone ( cont 'd ) and this one for you . she look at it warily . theo reach for he . Jones stay he hand — mr jone ( cont 'd ) you have to see they first . Theo I can see they . mr jone and ..? Theo they be ... a couple of rock . Jones stare at theo , willing he to say more . theo do not know what 's expect of he . Theo ( cont 'd ) you know , rock ? Stones ? pebbles ? Jones sigh . Theo ( cont 'd ) give we a clue ? ( continued ) 99 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 50 . continued : 99 mr jone no , that 's not it at all ! ( beat ) it 's not you fault . i’1l have to let you go . Theo what about everything you say ? mr jone there 's nothing you can do . Theo because we can not ' see 's you stupid stone ? there they be , they be exactly the same ! rachel almost . Jones freeze , look at Rachel . rachel ( cont ’d ) they be almost the same . theo 's be lighter than mine . like it 's glow . the stone do seem lighter than hers , a faint glow emanate . rachel ( cont ’d ) ( to theo ) can you see it ? Theo ( surprised ) yeah . mr jone pick it up . theo pick up the stone . faint whisper swirl around they . Theo it 's heavy . warm . theo stare into he stone . the whisper grow louder , ripples of fire shimmer across its surface . mr jone open you mind to the stone . feel its power ... let it feel yours . the stone pulse , hypnotic . ( continued ) 99 100 101 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 51 . continued : ( 2 ) 99 we move into the stone . there 's a faint rumble , then barely discernible echoe — a scream , a wilberforce bark ... a image emerge ... ext . NORTH head beach - day 100 a North shore beach , but untouched , pristine . a tiny boat be beach just above the waterline . a tree at the edge of the beach have a crude circle draw on its trunk . johan , one of the young man we see earlier , step into frame , one of the stone clench in he hand . he look across — to he twin , lenart , also hold he own stone . they hold out they fist , eye narrowing in concentrate think — the stone glow — whomp ! a nimbus of fire encircle each fist , then arc out from the stone , scorching the tree right where the target be draw . they beam , triumphant . mr jone ( 0.s. ) enough of that ! they turn , Mr Jones be there . he nod approvingly . mr jone ( cont ’d ) it 's time to go . int . mr jones' cottage - day 101 theo blink the vision away . Mr Jones regards he expectantly . Theo I see other twin . mr jone they try to use the stone . many year ago . rachel what happen to they ? ( continued ) 101 102 103 104 105 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 52 . continued : 101 a long , haunt silence . then : mr jone they fail . ( to Rachel ) try yours . Rachel reach for the stone . it lie grey and cold in she hand ... then start to glow , whisper . Jones 's eye alight . Rachel smile . the glow intensify , white - hot . the whisper rise to a cacophony of scream . smoke rise from between she clench finger ... Rachel scream and drop the stone . the stone land on the table . its surface fade to cool grey once again . Rachel look down at she unmark palm in horror . she get up and run outside . ext . mr jones' cottage - day 102 Rachel step into the light and stare out across the garden towards rangitoto . ext . wilberforce house - day 103 Mr wilberforce stand in the shadow of the back porch . six other dark figure loom like motionless slab — the wilberforce drone , en masse . mr jone ( v.o . ) every hour that pass , the Wilberforces grow stronger ... omitted 104 int . mr jones' cottage - day 105 theo look frighten now as Mr Jones continue : mr jone .».- and the bond between the two of you be weak . she need you . and you need she . you must understand . ( continued ) 105 106 107 108 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 53 . continued : 105 theo look away . mr jone ( cont ’d ) what be you so afraid of ? what 's more frightening than they ? ext . mr jones' cottage - day 106 Rachel look out towards rangitoto , lose in think . Theo ( 0.s. ) rach ... theo stand in the doorway . Theo ( cont 'd ) I be sorry I leave this morning . I should have be there when ... you know . rachel I think I be gonna die . Theo I will not ever let that happen ! he reach for she . Theo ( cont 'd ) I can take care of you . I can be strong enough for both of we . Rachel pull away . rachel leave I alone . theo look away , stung , as Rachel turn back across the water to the mountain . ext . mr jones' cottage - day 107 a police car be outside the cottage . up on the balcony of the neighbour 's house , two cop — constable GREEN and constable wood — talk to Mrs wilkinson . she point down at the cottage , concerned . int / ext . mr jones' cottage - day 108 as constable Green appear around the side of the house . Rachel go pale , stumble back , gasp in terror . ( continued ) 108 109 112 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 54 . continued : 108 Rachel lose she balance , topple backward — into constable Wood , who seem to appear from nowhere . she grab Rachel from behind . constable wood it 's okay — no one want to hurt you . Rachel scream , fight to get free . inside , theo shrink back against the wall . Mr Jones be calm . mr jone it 's all right — do what they say . theo stuff the stone into he pocket . ext / int . takapuna / police car - day 109 the police car drive slowly through a busy shopping area , Rachel look out , search the face in the street . a woman with a baby , a man with a briefcase , a kid hold a skateboard . they all turn to watch the Police car go past with blank face ... any of they could be a wilberforce ... omitted 110 omitted 111 int . police interview room - night 112 Rachel and theo sit on plastic chair in a stark interview room . constable Green sit opposite . constable GREEN I know the house — be empty for year . place be a dump . Theo they be go to destroy the world , and we be the only one who can stop they ! constable GREEN calm down , mate . theo dig in he pocket . ( continued ) 112 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 55 . continued : 112 Theo he give we this stone — they be weapon , they can — rachel theo , no ! constable GREEN ( exasperate ) please , sit down . the door open . uncle cliff follow constable Wood into the room . he shake he head at Rachel and theo in dismay . omitted 113 omitted 114 int . aunt & uncle 's live room - night 115 Rachel and theo sit side - by-side on the couch . aunt Kay and uncle cliff pace the room . ricky perches on the edge of a seat , he phone in he hand . Rachel 's eye follow the adult as they move with sullen suspicion . cliff we leave you for one day , you destroy the house ! the front door 's ruin ... kay what be we go to do with you ? cliff we be go to the bach , at pauanui . rachel / Theo what ? cliff there will not be any trouble there for you to get into . Theo but we have to stay ! uncle cliff - kay we realise you have both be through a lot in the last few month , but we can not watch you every second of the day . ( more ) ( continued ) 115 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 56 . continued : 115 kay ( cont 'd ) especially if you be go to wander off with complete stranger . Theo he be not a stranger ! ricky dad , I see it — Rachel be — cliff ( to ricky ) and you be come too . bit of time without — ( snatch ricky 's phone ) — cell coverage might be good for you . ricky you know what ? sometimes you have no idea ! ricky snatch back he cellphone and stomp off towards he bedroom , slamm the door behind he . kay ( to the twin ) get a early night , eh ? we will have to be up early . ext . aunt & uncle 's house - night 116 Rachel pull the curtain across the guest bedroom window . int . aunt & uncleas guest bedroom - night 117 Rachel sit down on she bed , she expression fearful . theo enter and throw he bag up onto the top bunk . Theo as soon as they be asleep I be go to find Mr Jones . rachel what if Mr wilberforce come ? theo make a fist around he stone . its warm , fiery glow paint the room around he . Theo then I ’1l1 deal to he . under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 57 . int . interrogation room - night 118 another interview room , bare and functional with a table and three plastic chair . fluorescent light glare . constable Wood stifles a yawn and check she watch . Mr Jones sit on one side of the table . on the other sit detective gray ( 40s ) , a pitcher and a glass of water between they . detective gray so , Mr '' Jones '' — when do you first make contact with Rachel and theo matheson ? mr jone they find I . detective gray but you do not discourage they . two impressionable teenager , cope with a tragedy . vulnerable ... open to suggestion ... mr jone they be a mean to a end . detective Gray nod , take note . mr jone ( cont ’d ) just like the other . Gray 's pen pause . detective gray other ? mr jone they be dead . detective gray tell I about they . mr jone they be frail ... curse with self - doubt ... weak . you all be . detective gray all of we , who ? mr jone all of you human . Gray and Wood exchange glance . Wood smirk . ( continued ) 120 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 58 . continued : 118 detective gray I see . Gray scribbles on a pad , tear off the page and pass it to Wood . we catch a glimpse of a single word : psych . Wood take it and leave the room . Jones watch she leave , frustrated now . mr jone without I they 'il be dead by morning . you have to let I go ! detective Gray meet he gaze , weigh this up . int . kay and cliff - guest bedroom - night 119 theo lie fully clothed on the blanket of the top bunk , snore softly . he sleep with he stone cradle against he chest . Rachel lie awake on the bunk beneath . tap -tap ! a soft tap at the window . distant thunder roll as Rachel get out of bed and open the curtain . ext . aunt & uncle 's back garden - night 120 Mr Jones stand on the lawn outside , deep in shadow . he seem pallid , almost wraithlike now . Rachel open the window quietly . mr jone ( whisper ) come with I , quickly . she turn back to where theo continue to sleep — mr jone ( cont ’d ) not you brother ! this be just for you . with a last , uncertain look back to theo , Rachel climb out of the window . Rachel turn , look around — Mr Jones have go . she frown , shiver . there 's movement , further around the lake towards the wilberforce house : Mr Jones , pick he way around . rachel ( hiss ) Mr Jones — wait ! ( continued ) 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 59 . continued : 120 Rachel pad down towards the lake , the grass wet with dew . lightn illuminate the surface of the water — a rippling sea of black . she hurry around the lake shore . int . aunt & uncleas guest bedroom - night 121 the alarm on theo 's watch go off . he lean over the edge of the bed — the bottom bunk be empty . theo stuff he stone into he pocket and look out the window . omitted 122 ext . aunt & uncle 's house - night 123 Rachel make she way around the lake . theo hurry down to the shore and peer after she : she 's visible around the lake shore , almost at the wilberforce house . he start around the lake . ext . wilberforce house - night 124 Mr Jones watch from the doorstep as Rachel approach . she pause , confuse , hesitant . mr jone it 's safe . they have go to the mountain . he disappear through the door into the house . Rachel follow . the door close behind she . ext . lakeshore / wilberforce house - night 125 theo see the door close behind Rachel . he take out he stone . it glow with reassure warmth . he run harder . int . interrogation room - night 126 Mr Jones — the real Mr Jones — cock he head , as though listen ... ( continued ) under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 60 . 126 continued : 126 the faintest of whisper in the air . mr jone I have to leave . detective gray do you now ? mr jone I suggest you get everyone out of the building . detective Gray laugh . mr jone ( cont ’d ) I be tired . and I do not know how many more time I can do this — or what might happen when I do . detective gray I do not think you be go anywhere , Mr Jones . Mr Jones glare at he . mr jone hot in here . be not it , detective ? a bead of sweat trickle down Gray 's temple . tiny bubbles appear in the bottom of the pitcher and float to the surface . 127 int . wilberforce house - night 127 Rachel follow Mr Jones into the gloom , try to keep up , glimpsing he up ahead in the shadow . rachel Mr Jones , wait ! Theo ( 0.s. ) rach ! Rachel turn to see theo stand in the doorway . from behind they , a slithering SOUND — she turn back — Mr Jones be go . in he place , mr wilberforce snarl ! theo take he glow stone out of he pocket and hold it aloft . whisper swirl urgently . the stone 's fiery light cast flicker shadow around the room . ( continued ) 127 128 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 61 . continued : 127 Mr wilberforce circle away from the stone . theo come around the other way . the stone flare brighter . Mr wilberforce step suddenly across to block the front door , cut off they escape . he advance on they menacingly . Rachel and theo stumble back , through the sagging arch of a decaye doorway . they be push back into a dark hallway , thick with the Wilberforces 's rot . the way behind they be block — but beside they be a twisted staircase . theo push Rachel up , then turn back towards Mr wilberforce . he hold up a shaking hand , glow with fire . wilberforce step towards he down the passage , a tall shadow in the darkness , he movement deliberate ... relentless . theo back up the stair , breathe hard . int . wilberforce house / upstair - night 128 behind he , Rachel scramble to the top . rachel theo , quickly ! a dark shape lean out of the shadow behind she — thin finger wrap around she mouth — she 's pull back into darkness with a muffle shriek ! theo wheel around on the stair , hold up the stone , try to see — Theo Rachel ! he race up the last few step . upstair , the ruin house be less decaye — though patch of the Wilberforces 's fleshy rot seep up the wall into the fade wallpaper . below , Mr wilberforce let out a clatter bark as he climb the stair . ahead of theo , a drone hold the struggle Rachel . Theo ( cont 'd ) let she go ! ( continued ) 128 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 62 . continued : 128 the drone 's mouth open in a hideous approximation of a smile . it shake its head . Theo ( cont 'd ) I say ... let her go ! a burst of flame encircle he hand , spitting from the stone ! theo 's eye widen in surprise . the drone squeal and drop Rachel , back into a dark room . theo rush to she and help she up . rachel how do you do that ? Theo I do not know . the twin run down the hallway , to a close door ahead . theo turn the handle — it 's lock ! Mr wilberforce reach the top of the stair and advance down the hallway , he tall frame fill the passage . though he still look human , he skin and clothes seem to run with slime and ichor — he form break down . he breathes wetly and step forward . theo hold up he glow stone . Theo ( cont 'd ) stop ! mr wilberforce why do you resist ... because the fire - raiser tell you ? Theo Cause we be not gonna let you have we planet ! they back away down the hall as wilberforce advance , trail slime . his form seem to be lose cohesion , he proportion exaggerated by the shifting shadow . the drone stand behind he ... join now by a second drone , reach the top of the stair . in the shifting shadow , the cramped hallway seem crowded with ghastly Wilberforces . Mr wilberforce 's arm seem distend ... he hand , the sleeve of he jacket , split into tentacles that writhe and flick . ( continued ) under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 63 . continued : ( 2 ) 128 mr wilberforce do the fire-raiser tell you what happen to other twin ? we make they dead . theo shake he head , not believe this . mr wilberforce ( cont ’d ) and the fire-raiser ... he observe they to die . rachel no ... mr wilberforce he do nothing . wilberforce 's tendril writhe against the wall , worm they way into the floor . the wood bubbles and blister , fleshy rot spread away from they . theo step in front of Rachel , shield she . mr wilberforce ( cont 'd ) now you die ... or perhaps ... you give we you sister ? the floor beneath they foot start to fester , sagging wetly . Theo no way . mr wilberforce you must choose . the floor crack , drop down as they sink into it . Theo ( whisper to Rachel ) jump ! rachel what ? Theo jump ! he jump on the spot . the floor crack , he leg punch through the rotting board . Rachel get it — she jump too — the putrescent floor tear like wet bread — wilberforce bark — ( continued ) 128 129 130 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 64 . continued : ( 3 ) 128 the twin fall — int . wilberforce house - night 129 theo hit the floor . he look up to see Rachel hang from the hole in the floor high above , leg kick . upstair a fleshy wilberforce tentacle twist around Rachel 's head and shoulder . Mr wilberforce lean over she , he human visage sloughing off to reveal a fearsome creature beneath — Rachel look up , scream in fright — below , theo leap , grab for she leg , yank — Rachel tumble down through the hole and land below . the twin scramble to they foot and race for the open front door — from above come wilberforce bark — bark answer from the doorway — as more wilberforce drone come onto the porch ! rachel no ... they look around — no way out ... except the gnarled sinkhole in the floor . Theo down here . he grab she and they race for the hole . as they step toward closer it open with a wet roll twist . rachel oh no ... the bark sound from above . Theo there 's no other way . he grab she hand . she nod . they leap into the tunnel — its ' mouth 's close around they — omitted 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 65 . int . tunnel - night 131 the tunnel carry they along and down — down , down ... int . police station hallway - night 132 Gray step out of the interrogation room and close the door behind he . his shirt be soak with sweat . he turn and bump into Wood , who carry two cup of steaming coffee . detective gray air-con must be on the blink . int . interrogation room - night 133 Mr Jones close he eye . the pitcher of water simmer . the paint on the wall bubbles , paper on Gray 's clipboard yellow and curl . the water begin to boil . ceil tile warp ... smash ! the pitcher shatter . int . police station - hallway - night 134 at the sound of explode glass , Gray and Wood look back towards the interrogation room — whomp ! a explosion ring out . the interrogation room door suck inwards , rip off one hinge as it splinter in half . a wave of heat ripple out into the hallway . arm raise to shield themselves from the heat , Wood and Gray approach the interrogation room . they peer through the splinter door to see flame lick the desk and chair . Mr Jones have disappear . int . tunnel - night 135 theo and Rachel be carry along — then drop — omitted 136 137 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 66 . int . worm cavern - night 137 into a high -ceiling chamber . the twin get to they foot , slick with slime . Theo now I know how it feel to be spew . rachel let 's find a way ... she turn to see what 's behind they , stunne — rachel ( cont ’d ) e+. out ... a vast , shadowy cavern . it stretch into the distance , light by a eerie glow . the huge space — a football field in length — be gnarled with putrescent wilberforce growth . the twin have fall from the tunnel onto a raise rib that cut through a sea of slime to another tunnel open in the far wall of the chamber . but dominate the space be a creature . the kid 's mouth fall open as they take in a vast supertanker of flesh — a horrible wall of skin and scale , a writhe suggestion of mighty tentacles . a massive slug-like creature wallow in the mire . its form rise and fall in time with the rumble of its breathe . Rachel and theo stare , dwarf by its scale . the beast unfold a great tentacle and shift its almost unimaginable bulk . great wave of flesh seem to roll past as it turn . the chamber shake , churn up great wave of scum . the twin recoil , fall to they foot . the beast open a ghastly maw and expel a roar of septic air . the twin cover they nose and mouth . Theo that 's a gargantua . rachel how be we suppose to fight that ? behind they the tunnel ' swallow 's — a rush of air suck back up into it . ( continued ) 137 138 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 67 . continued : 137 Theo they be come . the twin run for a tunnel open in the far wall and throw themselves into its gape mouth . the muscle close around they ... and they be go . ext . NORTH shore beach - night 138 ricky 's car be park at the edge of the promenade . nearby , in the shelter of a huge , gnarled pohutukawa tree , ricky and clementine be wrap in a blanket . ricky listen ... some stuff 's be go on ... really crazy stuff . clementine what stuff ? ricky what if I say ... uh ... clementine what ? ricky what if I say the world be gonna end ? maybe real soon . she stare . at last , she smile ... clementine how soon ? ricky maybe ... tonight ? clementine then I have say ... she lean forward slowly to kiss he ... clementine ( cont 'd ) we do not want to die ... without ... they lip almost touch ... when something catch she eye behind he . she shriek , pull back — ricky what ? clementine point with a tremble finger — ( continued ) under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 68 . 138 continued : 138 clementine dirty old man ! ricky leap up — mr jone stand behind the arm of the tree . mr jone the twin need you help . ricky the twin be in bed — and you be suppose to be in jail ! Mr Jones point down the beach . mr jone they be somewhere out there . ricky look from clementine to Mr Jones and back , agonise . he step towards Mr Jones , conspiratorial . ricky ( low voice ) gimme ten minute ? mr jone ( low voice ) if they die , we all die . ricky ( meekly ) five ? Jones stare coldly . ricky sigh and turn back to clementine . clementine ricky , what 's go on ? ricky I have to go . ( grin ) but then I be gonna come back . ricky sweep clementine into a theatrical kiss , as though it might be they last . 139 int . NORTH shore tunnel - night 139 the twin be push through the tunnel into a womb-like chamber . they scramble to they foot and search wildly for a exit — dead end . ( continued ) 139 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 69 . continued : 139 Theo no ! he kick the tunnel wall in frustration . the dead end seem to close in around the twin . the sound of the Wilberforces rush up the tunnel . rachel it do not make sense . a tunnel 's get to go somewhere . Rachel look up — above be the close fist of a tunnel entrance . she stretch to push she hand up through the fleshy valve with a vile squelch . she withdraw she hand and touch a fingertip to she lip . rachel ( cont 'd ) Salt water . bark echo from behind they . Theo I will give you a leg up . Rachel step forward . theo help she up . Theo ( cont 'd ) take a deep breath and kick as hard as you can . he help she up into the pinch maw - she push hand through , find leverage ... she take a deep breath and shove she head into the hole . shoulder , torso , hip ... and finally shoe disappear with a suck noise . alone now , theo look back . the maw of the tunnel part , expel air in advance of its passenger — theo jump up to grasp the edge of the membrane . he can not pull himself up . he jump again , desperate now as the rush echo of the Wilberforces fill the air . panick , theo watch the tunnel open , eye wide with terror — Water splatter down . theo look up as Rachel 's arm emerge through the membrane , she hand hold out for he . theo look up at she hand , consider — decide — ( continued ) 139 140 141 142 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 70 . continued : ( 2 ) 139 he jump up to grab she outstretch finger . whisper swirl — Rachel haul he through . omitted 140 ext . hauraki gulf - night 141 theo surface , gasp for air . Rachel tread water nearby . the churn swell be black . behind they , the dark shape of rangitoto loom beneath the low cloud . nearby scattered light stretch away around the North shore coastline . rachel swim ! they kick for shore . ext . NORTH shore beach - night 142 the twin reach the sand and scramble out of the lap water . they look back to see a phalanx of gangly brute in suit — the Wilberforces , almost back to they human form again . they stride out of the water , relentless , Mr wilberforce in the lead . mr wilberforce nowhere to run . both kid be pale , shaking with cold and exertion . theo step forward . rachel theo ... theo look at the stone — not sure what it can do , but sense what it might . he close he fist around he stone — flame lick around he finger . mr jone ( v.o. ) ( flashback ) open you mind to the stone . Rachel seem to will theo to succeed . ( continued ) 142 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 71 . continued : 142 the flame grow in intensity . hot spark flicker into the air . mr jone ( v.o. ) ( flashback ) feel its power , and let it feel yours . whomp ! a hot ring of fire roll out from the twin — the Wilberforces shriek . they flimsy human skin blister , revealing slug-like horror beneath , as they flinch away from the light . theo gape at he fist , stunne at the power he 's unleash . he look up again , eye blaze — ricky ( 0.s. ) Rachel ! theo ! Mr Jones and ricky be at the car , at the edge of the beach . Rachel and theo run towards it . the Wilberforces rise slowly . tentacles wrap back around each other , weaving sinew and muscle into human form . the twin jump into the car as ricky pull away . Mr wilberforce step up , reconstitute , steam rise off he body . the drone join he in watch ricky 's car disappear into the distance . Mr wilberforce 's tone be impassive , but he eye glitter with contain rage . mr wilberforce the twin learn ... it burn we . drone do it learn enough ? wilberforce look out towards rangitoto , consider this — mr wilberforce find they ... make they dead . no more twin-smell . the drone and another go to leave . mr wilberforce ( cont ’d ) wait . the creature pause . ( continued ) under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 72 . 142 continued : ( 2 ) 142 mr wilberforce ( cont 'd ) make it hurt . 143 int . ricky's car - night 143 ricky let out a shaky sigh of relief . theo grin at Mr Jones , he eye wild . Theo the fire ... they be scared . mr jone you use the stone together ? Theo ( proudly ) just I . Mr Jones turn away , angry . theo look confuse . Theo ( cont 'd ) I think that 's what you want . mr jone you have show they what you can do . now they will not rest till you be dead . theo look away , stung . mr jone ( cont ’d ) we have get no choice . I can not protect you from they now . we have to strike , and strike fast . rachel what do you mean ? mr jone we be go to the mountain tonight . 144 ext . NORTH head - night 144 headlights wash over a sign : NORTH head summit road . ricky 's car drive towards the summit of North head , a craggy promontory at the end of a wide spit of land . just across the harbour , rangitoto seem frighteningly close . 145 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 73 . ext / int . NORTH head tunnel - night 145 a grassy hillside give way to crumble concrete fortification . the twin , Mr Jones and ricky pick they way down stone step into a open concrete room from which dark passage feed . theo lead the way . Mr Jones reach out to the wall for support , he face gaunt . rachel be you okay ? Mr Jones nod weakly . theo look at Rachel , worried — Rachel shrug , helpless . mr jone we need to get to the island . ricky can not you just ... flame on ? Mr Jones be slump , pale and exhaust — a shadow of he former self . mr jone ( shake he head ) that take fire . and mine be die . ricky nod , make a decision . ricky meet I in a hour . down there . he point through the hole — below , swell break on a rocky shore at the foot of the mountain . rachel what , the boat ? Theo uncle cliff will never let you . ricky like I be gonna ask . rachel if the Wilberforces find out what you be do , they 's 11 kill you . ( continued ) 145 146 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 74 . continued : 145 ricky reckon I be more scared of dad . the twin rush to ricky and hug he tight . he hug they back . rachel be careful , ricky . the twin watch as ricky head away towards he car . int . NORTH head tunnel / cave - night 146 slope concrete tunnel give way to narrow passage , then natural cave . Mr Jones extend a hand — a lick of flame dance in the middle of a circular grotto . Theo you lie to we — about the other twin ! Mr Jones 's eye glimmer in the firelight . mr jone I tell you they fail . Theo yeah , pretty hard to throw a stone when you be dead ! Mr Jones turn away . the twin wait for a answer . rachel Mr Jones ? mr jone if I have tell you the truth , you would not have do what I ask . Rachel and theo exchange horrify glance . mr jone ( cont ’d ) they name be johan and lenart . I would be search for so long , hope to find what they have . a bond . ( bitter ) they give I hope . Theo what happen ? ( continued ) 146 147 148 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 75 . continued : 146 mr jone I think it would be easy ... ext . rangitoto - day 147 the black altar of rangitoto island . the night we see in the open scene . familiar scream resonate — the sound of johan and lenart be attack by the Wilberforces . ext . rangitoto BUSH - day 148 a flurry of action — we have see this scene before . knocked off balance , johan fall — he stone hit the ground — lenart johan ! johan reach for he fall stone , only to be drag into the shadow by the Wilberforces ! this time , we glimpse the tentacled horror lurking in the tree as it snatch he away . lenart look to Mr Jones desperately . lenart ( cont ’d ) help we , Mr Jones ! Mr Jones stumble back , decide what he must do . lenart ( cont ’d ) please ! Mr Jones shake he head sadly , almost imperceptibly . a horrible scream ring through the bush , as though johan be be tear apart . shadows close in on lenart and Mr Jones ... lenart ( cont ’d ) please , Mr Jones ! shake , Mr Jones turn away . as he close he eye tight , a single tear run down he cheek . Fire roll across he , and whomp ! he 's go . lenart stand alone , lose and afraid . he look up in terror as the Wilberforces loom — under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 76 . 149 int . NORTH head cave - night 149 theo circle Mr Jones , furious . Theo you just leave they there ! mr jone they be weak — Theo expendable , you mean ! mr jone ( roar ) I have no choice ! the fire dim to a flicker . mr jone ( cont ’d ) they have johan — lenart alone be useless to I . if I have risk myself to save they , who would have be leave to find more twin ? Theo you do not need twin . I can make the fire — enough for both of we ! Mr Jones look up , he eye pierce theo . mr jone Rachel believe in you twin-ness . it 's she belief that give you power . Theo but at the beach — mr jone you be weak . theo leap to he foot . Theo no ... they be afraid of I ! mr jone ( roar ) only because she believe ! theo stare at he , tremble with a fury that mask he own fear . Theo you be wrong . I will prove it . ( continued ) 149 150 151 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 77 . continued : 149 with a last look at Rachel , theo pocket he stone and storm away into the darkness . alarm Rachel scramble to she foot — int . NORTH head tunnel - night 150 Rachel run down a long passage , the light of Mr Jones 's flame far behind she . rachel theo ? come back ! her voice echoe , meet with stony silence . she stop — as far into the gloom as she dare go . rachel ( cont ’d ) I know you be afraid . but we can do this , I know we can . she stare into the darkness , strain to see , search for he . she close she eye , search now for he mind . rachel ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) theo , please ... silence . at last , she open she eye , tear welling . rachel ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) I need you . Rachel sigh , alone in the dark . she turn and trudge back up the tunnel towards the firelight . nothing stir in the darkness ... then a ripple of FIRE like gasoline ignite , course out from the stone in theo 's hand , revealing he right there , watch she go . wordlessly , he turn and head down the tunnel , determine and alone . ext . suburban house - night 151 ricky wait anxiously in he car . the passenger door open , clementine peer in . ricky I need you help . there 's no one else I can trust . she consider , eyebrow raise ... ( continued ) 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 78 . continued : 151 clementine be this that end of the world thing ? cos I have get work in the morning ... she meet he gaze . it 's serious . she get into the car . omitted 152 omitted 153 omitted 154 omitted 155 int . NORTH head cave - night 156 Rachel step back into the cave where she leave Mr Jones . she pause , watch he . Mr Jones look like he 's at death 's door . his eye be close . his breath rattles in he chest . Rachel kneel beside he . rachel Mr Jones ... he open he eye . rachel ( cont ’d ) he 's go on ahead . we have to get to the boat . he lean heavily on she as they get to they foot . from deep in the tunnel , a distant bark ring out . Rachel and Mr Jones look around , alarmed . rachel ( cont ’d ) they have find we . they head into the tunnel , Rachel support Mr Jones . ext . aunt & uncle 's house - night 157 ricky reverse the car quietly down the driveway . he roll to a stop in front of the sea lady , which sit beside the garage . ( continued ) 157 157a under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 79 . continued : 157 ricky and clementine , strain together , heave the boat to the back of the car and hook up the trailer . Inside , ricky start the car . he revs the engine , try to pull away . he cringe at the loud whine of he little car ... and yet the boat do not move ! he look , sheepishly , to clementine . he revs again . the car seem horribly loud in the night as , slowly , the car and boat start to move . he head up the drive , he car strain . ext . takapuna STREET - night 157a the car reach the top of the driveway . ricky look back , check the boat — clementine yelp in fright ! uncle cliff , fully dress , stand in front of the car . ricky slam on the brake and slump against the wheel . cliff where be you go ? ricky wind the window down a couple of inch . ricky would you believe night fishing ? cliff get out of the car . ricky dad , I know this do not look good . but this time I be ask you just to — cliff get out of the car . ricky dad , you be just gonna have to trust I : if I say I have gotta do something important , it 's important . ricky meet he father 's gaze , eye blaze with assertiveness . and be take aback by what he see . uncle cliff tremble , eye twitching . slime glisten at he jowl . ricky ( cont 'd ) dad ? ( continued ) 157a 158 158a under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 80 . continued : 157a cliff get ... out ... of ... the ... car . ricky look he up and down ... to see he father 's hand stretch and distorting into a tangle of fibrous tentacles . his face drop — as the creature swing its arm like a club — crashing through the passenger window . Fine tentacles whip around ricky 's face , the seat , the ceiling of the car — clementine scream , recoil in horror . ricky slam down on the accelerator — the car pull away , drag the cliff / wilberforce along . ricky be pull hard against the door by the tentacles . he shake to get he head free . the tentacles wrap themselves around the steering wheel , the door — the creature hang from the door shudder and convulse as it change from uncle cliff into a wilberforce drone . int / ext . rickyan car / takapuna street - night 158 the car and boat pull out onto the road . a car honk as it swerve around they . clementine look out ! ricky floor it , hammer down the suburban street . the wilberforce hearse roar after he . at the door the drone bark grotesquely , its face savage , as it bounce around , drag on the road . ricky grasp the door handle and jerk the door open . the drone flail , hit the road in a tumble of tentacles — right in the path of the oncoming hearse ! the hearse screech to a halt . omitted 158a 158b 159 160 161 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 81 . int / ext . rickyan car / takapuna street - night 158b ricky and clementine look back to see the drone , still part -man , part - wilberforce , leap across the bonnet of the hearse and into the passenger window , as the hearse continue the chase , further back now . ext . NORTH shore beach - night 159 the car roar down the boat ramp . ricky try to reverse the trailer into the water , go the wrong way , correct , at last get it right . ricky and clementine scramble out . the ominous clatter of the approach hearse ... light on the horizon ... the sea lady slip free of the trailer . ricky clamber aboard , pull clementine up after he — a sudden roar — ricky and clementine look up — the hearse speed off the boat ramp and soar overhead , crash into the water . bubbles on the surface ... dark shape surface near the hearse and begin to give chase . ricky try to start the boat as the Wilberforces approach . it cough once — twice — and catch ! the boat motor away from the boat ramp , leave the drone behind . int / ext . sea lady / OPEN sea - night 160 the boat accelerate away out into the dark sea . clementine stare at he , wide eye and gasp . clementine tell I that be not really you dad ? ext . NORTH head - night 161 theo pick he way down a stone staircase , carve from ancient rock . his stone glow in he hand . the sea churn rock below he . he scan the water . Theo come on , ricky ... ( continued ) 161 162 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 82 . continued : 161 as if in answer , the Sea Lady come into view , rise and fall with the choppy sea . theo grin as ricky motor in as close as he can , clementine guide he . the wave threaten to dash the boat against the rock . ricky ( yell above the noise ) you be gonna have to — crash ! a wave smashes against the rock . the Sea Lady be drive perilously close ... then pull back again . Theo what ? ricky jump ! theo time it — the boat rise on a swell — he jump , landing awkwardly . clementine catch he . ricky ( cont 'd ) where be the other ? Theo they be not come . ricky what ? Theo Rachel can not do it . I be go on my own . ricky look back up the hill , unsure . Theo ( cont 'd ) ricky , there be not much time ! reluctantly , ricky revs the boat and pull away . int . NORTH head tunnel - night 162 Mr Jones and Rachel hurry down a long tunnel . they reach a intersection . rachel which way ? Mr Jones consider ... mr jone this way . ( continued ) 162 163 164 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 83 . continued : 162 they start down the tunnel — a clatter of wilberforce bark from ahead of they ... or perhaps behind . Rachel and Mr Jones pause , disorient . elsewhere in the tunnel a wilberforce drone step into the light , search for the twin . in human form , start to fray a little at the edge . two more drone emerge from the darkness behind it . the drone sniff — choose a tunnel and start down it — whomp ! a burst of flame momentarily drive they back , come from — Mr Jones , hide in wait with Rachel . mr jone ( cont 'd ) back this way . they hurry back into the dark as the Wilberforces recover and stalk up the tunnel behind they . ext . rangitoto beach - night 163 the Sea Lady coast into the rocky shore . theo leap out of the boat and onto the rock . he stop for a moment , look back at the older teens . ricky we will wait for you . theo nod , too adrenalise to speak . he turn and run up the beach to the tree-line . ricky look anxiously back towards the city . across the water , a burst of fire glow on North head . ricky frown ... ext . NORTH head - night 164 a roar of fire light a stone staircase , carve from the rock . Mr Jones and Rachel hurry to the shore , trip and stumbling , Rachel struggle to support Jones 's weight . they reach the rocky water 's edge . Rachel search frantically for theo and ricky . ( continued ) 164 165 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 84 . continued : 164 rachel they leave we ! they wheel around , they back to the sea . dark shape seem to melt out of the cliff and fan out around Mr Jones and Rachel , advance slowly . Jones push Rachel behind he clumsily as they back away . he raise shaking , gnarled fist . rachel ( cont 'd ) can you stop they ? mr jone not for long . the central wilberforce step forward . his skin glisten with slime , he crude feature beginning to dissolve . the creature allow itself a cruel smile . Rachel look around the rock ... and grin . rachel we do not need long . Jones look ... and then sweep a wall of flame in front of they . the Wilberforces rear back , shriek . from behind the rock ricky roar up beside they . the Wilberforces fight to see through the flame ... to see clementine help Mr Jones and Rachel onto the sea lady as it pull away . int / ext . boat / NORTH head shore - night 165 ricky slam down the throttle and the boat roar away . Rachel hug he tight . Mr Jones steady himself on the edge of the boat . rachel where 's theo ? ricky point to the mountain . ricky up there . all four look ahead to the loom island , they face grim ... 166 167 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 85 . ext . rangitoto track - night 166 theo climb , panting with effort . he stop , get he bearing . the bush around he rustle and crack . he duck low , look around . his stone throbs with a pulsing glow . the distant bark of a wilberforce ... then a answer bark , from just metre away ! theo freeze — the dark shape of a wilberforce loom in the moonlight . it sniff deeply , pick up he scent . theo cower ... and be suddenly yanked violently from the ground , sinewy tendril whipping around he body from behind ! theo flail — he stone fall — its light dim ! crunch ! theo arrest he passage on the thin trunk of a bush with one hand . he scramble for the stone with the other . the tentacle tighten around he ... from around he , more vicious bark sound . dark shape melt out of the darkness to surround he . barely see , the Wilberforces have abandon human form . they writhe with predatory power . theo wince in pain ... as he reach for the stone ... reach — the Wilberforces close in — theo 's hand close around the stone ! theo swing around and — blam — send cord of fire lash out into the dark . the tentacles around he whip away ... the creature shriek and bark , tentacles flail . theo scramble to he foot . he shoot forth another jet , clear a path ahead of he and clamber on up the mountain . ext . rangitoto beach - night 167 Mr Jones and Rachel climb out of the boat onto the beach , then turn back to ricky and clementine . ricky we will not go far . Rachel and Mr Jones turn to go — ( continued ) 167 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 86 . continued : 167 ricky ( cont 'd ) rach ? she turn back . ricky ( cont 'd ) be careful . rachel you too . she smile , watch as ricky motor out from the shore . distant bark — Rachel and Mr Jones turn to see a fiery glow lighting the sky from further up the mountain . rachel ( cont ’d ) he 's fight they . mr jone even if he get to the crater and throw he stone , nothing will happen . it 's all be for nothing . he turn he back on she , look at the city glow on the horizon . rachel y’know , maybe that other twin would have make it if you have stay . if you have help they instead of save yourself . his back still to she , Jones close he eye , the memory painful . rachel ( cont ’d ) you can go find more twin if you want . but I do not get a choice — I will die before I turn my back on he . she spin and race for the tree . her word hit Mr Jones hard . he look surprised , then suddenly resolute : mr jone ( croak ) wait . he find he voice : mr jone ( cont 'd ) wait ! ( continued ) 167 168 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 87 . continued : ( 2 ) 167 Rachel look back . mr jone ( cont 'd ) I 'il take you up there . Rachel 's eye widen , realise the sacrifice he 's make ... rachel but you will ... mr jone yes. ( beat ) I ' 1l take you . ext . rangitoto crater rim - night 168 the world ripple and shudder as a flame lick in the air ... then explode into the shape of two figure . Mr Jones and Rachel appear at the foot of the view platform . Mr Jones collapse , he body wrack with shudder . rachel Mr Jones ! she bend down to he . Mr Jones look up , weak . mr jone he 's here . rachel theo ? Mr Jones shake he head . Rachel look up — a dark shape loom in the moonlight : Mr wilberforce . Mr Jones rise shakily to he foot between they . he lift he hand . tiny lick of fire spark at he finger tip . wilberforce regards the old man with disdain . Mr Jones hold out Rachel 's stone . fearful , she meet he gaze . he nod : mr jone take it . wilberforce advance on they , black eye burn with hatred . Rachel close she finger around the stone , breathe deeply . she flinch ... ( continued ) 168 169 170 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 88 . continued : 168 grit she tooth , riding the pain . smoke begin to hiss from between she finger ... a crackling as she flesh begin to burn ! Mr Jones 's eye blaze , watch as Rachel shudder , tear stream down she face ... she hand glow white - hot around the stone . Mr Jones clamp he own hand around hers , wrapping they in heal flame . mr jone ( cont ’d ) remember , you belief be you strength . hold on , for theo . he release she hand . she tremble , she fist shaking around the burn stone . rachel ( under she breath ) theo ... hurry ! ext . rangitoto hill track - night 169 theo shoot a burst of flame behind he , then scramble up the track towards the summit . ext . rangitoto crater rim - night 170 Mr Jones turn to Mr wilberforce and meet he gaze , determine ... then falter . he fall to one knee , fade fast . he look up . mr jone if they have to die , let they die together . wilberforce almost smile . mr wilberforce I will make sure of it . he clamp he hand on Mr Jones 's face . his hand sink into Jones 's flesh as the old man buckle . Rachel scream as the two cosmic force meet — wilberforce seem to absorb Jones from the head down ... the old man seem to incinerate from the inside out . a fire burn brightly ... then die , a wraith of ash fall to the ground ... ( continued ) 170 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 89 . continued : 170 wilberforce look to Rachel . she gasp , back away — she fist clench at she chest . with a terrifyingly fast movement he arm lash out — over the five metre between they — and grab she throat with a tangle of tentacles . Rachel beat at the tendril wrapping around she neck with she close fist as wilberforce lift she from the ground by she throat . she gag , fight for breath ... theo crest a rise to see the crater in front of he . Mr wilberforce stand at the far end of the platform . he hold Rachel by she neck — he arm meld horribly with she own flesh . she hang limply — the awful decay spread across she body . theo gasp in horror . he run to the platform , he stone ball inside he fist . theo raise he hand . Theo put she down . wilberforce look up with contempt . Rachel 's eye glaze over . the glow of FIRE flicker from theo 's stone ... then die . theo look down at the stone , incredulous ... he shake it ... nothing happen . Mr wilberforce drop Rachel in a heap , he arm a mass of writhe tendril . her eye be glaze open , she mouth hang limp . the sight hit theo like a sledgehammer . Theo ( cont 'd ) no ! Mr wilberforce smile cruelly at theo . a huge EARTHQUAKE rock the mountain . theo be throw to the ground . wilberforce ride the tremor , unperturb . crack ripple across the crater edge — the view platform sag , the plank rippling like piano key . Rachel 's limp body slide towards the edge . from the beneath the ground the massive roar of the gargantua sound , like some titan echo . ( continued ) 170 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 170 from behind theo come a clatter of bark . he turn to see the drone ringed behind he . they advance . theo hold up the lifeless stone ineffectually as the Wilberforces close in on he . Theo ( cont 'd ) no ... no ... mr wilberforce its sister die . how do it feel ? and now , finally , theo feel it all : the loss of he mother , the loss of he sister . Theo I be ... alone . her glaze eye stare — no response . Theo ( cont 'd ) Rachel . I need you ... desperate now , he call again , not out loud , but with he mind : Theo ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I need you . ecu on Rachel 's eye , fix on he . she blink — a rush of whisper — grow to a roar — and in a furious flurry of image — they mother 's face / they father / feed as baby / in a pen together / toy / teddy bear / book / a cat / a house / spoon feed / drink / laugh / crawl / walk / run outside / fishing / horse / swim / school / friend / birthday cake / Christmas tree / milk a cow / dinner / laughter / tear / lose tooth / ice creams / holiday / pocket money / beach / hide and seek / eye to eye / the two connect through twin-ness — whisper form , as if from out of the distance ... rachel ( v.o. ) theo ... Rachel 's seemingly lifeless eye be fix upon he . rachel ( v.o. ) I be here . I always have be . ( continued ) 170 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 91 . continued : ( 3 ) 170 rachel 's finger uncurl , slowly , blister flesh crack , revealing she stone . it glow , warmly now . her fist close around it . Mr wilberforce loom over theo . a fiery halo circle theo 's hand ... spread across he body . he look up — the look of anguish from moment before have be replace by one of power , stronger than ever before . wilberforce stop — take aback ... as behind he , FIRE glow — Rachel rise , wrap in a halo of roll flame ! her eye blaze with power . theo get to he foot , he eye burn with the same power . the drone squeal and shrink back . Mr wilberforce 's skin blister , slough away to reveal a writhe mess of worm that shrivel and twist . his mass contort into tentacles , limb and claw , fight at the fierce heat . Rachel step up to meet theo . he hold out he hand . as she take it , she fire roll to engulf he . this two human torch turn and face the crater . as one they reach back and throw they stone — as the stone leave they hand , they seem to draw the fire out of the twin , arcing high across the crater , leave a burn trail of light . the two point meet at the apex — a column of FIRE rocket down into the crater . a wave of scorching heat ripple outward . Mr wilberforce fall to the ground , a mess of flesh and fibre , disintegrate . behind they , the drone howl as they be blow apart . crack appear in the crater , belching flame — the ground shake — from below , the gargantua roar in its death throes . from the point above the crater , six finger of flame arc out — the twin duck as the fiery trail roar overhead , shoot out across the harbour — 171 172 173 173 174 175 176 177 178 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 92 . ext . auckland aerial - night 171 the line of fire cut through the night sky towards each of the six volcanoe where the gargantua reside : mount Wellington , mount mangare , mount Victoria , one Tree Hill , mount eden and Lake pupuke . ext . hauraki gulf - night 172 the boat bob , seemingly empty ... ricky and clementine 173 appear from below deck , eye wide in terror and wonder . omitted 173 omitted 174 ext . lake pupuke - night 175 the pillar of fire blast into the lake in front of the wilberforce house . a huge explosion of steam erupt . int . aunt & uncle 's house - night 176 aunt Kay and uncle cliff be shake from they bed as the night turn to fiery day around they . ext . hauraki gulf - night 177 ricky and clementine be bath in a scarlet glow . across the harbour scarlet fire rise from the six volcanoe , turn the sky above downtown Auckland red . ext . rangitoto viewing platform - night 178 the view platform shake violently as theo and Rachel stumble back towards the crater rim . they look to each other , breathless , stunne . they allow themselves to share a smile ... then : Theo Mr Jones ? Rachel shake she head . ( continued ) 178 179 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 93 . continued : 178 the mountaintop rumble again , from deep within . the ground shake . rachel ( v.o. ) so what do we ... Theo ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) -.. do we do now ...? a huge jet of steam , glow red from below , explode up in front of they . Theo we run ! they turn and run down the mountain . ext . rangitoto beach - night 179 ricky cut the engine and leap into the ankle - deep water , clementine follow . they run up the beach . ricky look up at the dark hill above , cap by its blood red glow . ricky I have gotta go up there ! he take clementine by both arm , look into she face as he collect himself : brave , responsible . ricky ( cont 'd ) I have gotta go up there . as she nod , theo and Rachel burst out of the tree a little way behind they . rachel ricky ! Theo hey — where be you go ? ricky gape , flabbergasted . he and clementine whoop , celebrate as the twin run to the boat and clamber in . ricky so ! that go off quite well . all of they , really . yeah — nice work . I be on my way up there , eh ... ( continued ) 179 180 181 182 under the mountain '' 2008 redhead film 94 , continued : 179 the twin grin . theo turn to Rachel . she smile and hug he tight . whisper swirl around they . Theo I be wrong about Mr Jones . about everything . Rachel nod , smile warmly . rachel let 's go home . Beyond , ricky fire up the boat 's engine . ext . hauraki gulf - dawn 180 the Sea Lady motor across the harbour toward Auckland . Beyond , six sunrise seem to glow across the city . int / ext . sea lady / OPEN sea - dawn 181 Rachel and theo look at the spectacle as ricky head for home . ricky reckon I can get the boat back before dad notice it 's go ? you guy be gonna help I , right ? right ? ext . hauraki gulf - dawn 182 behind the boat , rangitoto burn with terrible fire at its peak , the SUN rise beyond . fade out .