richard gere diane lane unfaithful by Alvin sargent rewrites by William broyles , Jr. and Stephen schiff current revision susannah grant March 12 , 2001 ty ext , a quiet morning ( dawn ) - ardsley , new york March in a quiet commuter suburb . early spring color , gray air . there be no breeze , but then one start . it grow stronger , rustling the leave as we pass through town until we reach : the comfortable home of edward and connie sumner tne wind grow stronger . it blow a child 's bicycle over . kid 's toy skitter around the yard , i i int . kitchen - morning charlie , 8 , be lie on he back under the kitchen table play game Boy . he hold it in the air . his mother , connie , attractive , intelligent , 30 , make he school lunch . it 's a typical morning : pure chaos . but connie be use to be under siege . she gaze out at the tree bend in the wind . connie really blow out there . ignoring she , Charlie play game Boy . he make wetnsound shoot and explode noise . nearby , poppy , the dog , eat from its bowl . on the kitchen tv , a financial channel report on the nasdaq future . connie ( cont ’d ) ( about the game Boy ) that better not be the one where you blow people up . charlie ( still make blow - people - up noise ) it 's not , Mom . connie yeah , right . get up here and finish you breakfast . wearily , as though shoulder life 's heaviest burden , Charlie pick himself up and shuffles to the kitchen table . but he do not sit down . he stare at he now - soggy cereal . edward , late 40s , good -look , enter , almost dress for sleepily , he be buttone he pants . he hold a belt the New York Times . on he entrance , Charlie light up . jump up , stick cone hand under he armpit and pump the other arm , make little squeaky - farty noise . on ( continued ) 03/12/01 2. continued : 3 charlie dad ! look what I can do ! pfft , pfft , pfft go he ammpit . edward ( buttone he pants ) that 's spectacular , kiddo . connie look up at he and smile . she point at Edward 's pants , then at he jacket . edward coma what ? ; connie navy . Black . Edward peer down at he mismatch pants and jacket . surprise . edward right . I know that . do not work for you ? charlie dad ! watch ! Charlie grab a kleenex , hold it over he face , then stick he tongue through , so it come shoot out the tissue . Edward laugh . Charlie laugh . connie try not to laugh . connie I can not believe you teach he that . Charlie be pick piece of tissue off he tongue and examine he lunch . charlie you give I that weird cookie again ! the dog be rattling the bowl , push it around the floor to get the last bit of food . without miss a beat , connie stick ont she foot to stop the bowl . connie no sugar snack , honey . School rule . we go through this every day . charlie I - want to go to a:different school ... .-- 4a ( continued ) * * 03/12/01 3 . continued : ( 2 ) Edward be stare at the financial report on the tv . out of habit , he reach out : for the over-twist phone cord and start uncoil it , straighten it out . almost without even realize he 's do it . edward look at this , con. ; connie : ( to Charlie ) do you brush you tooth ? | charlie : yes . ! connie ( warningly ) Charlie ... she look down at he . charlie T brush they . he bare he tooth . connie let 's go , Charlie . I be serious . she march he to the bathroom . charlie you nre drive I bonker , Mom ! Edward stare at the tv and continue untangle the phone cord . edward con , do you remember when we be go to buy navatel , and you say no ? remember what the stock price be then ? connie 150 ? edward ( sighing ) Close . it be 61 . Charlie and connie hover over the sink . connie put toothpaste on Charlie 's brush . ae { continued ) 03/12/01 4 . continued : ( 3 ) charlie t‘11 do it , Mom . connie no , I ' 11 do it . you have two cavity last time . people do not even get cavity any more . she grab he head in a viselike grip and begin brush he tooth . edward con , do you know what it be now ? ( it 's a routine they have perform many time -- connie less enthusiastically than he ) Charlie try to protest as she brushes , but he word be incomprehensible . connie 65 ? edward more. connie 69 ? edward more. connie ( to Charlie ) say '' eeee .* he say '' eeee , '' which let she get at the front tooth . edward guess , con. connie Edward , I do not know . all right ? edward seventy-four ! he replace the handset on the cradle , the cord all tidy up . ' ( continued ) 03/12/01 5 . continued : ( 4 ) 3 connie ( to Charlie ) now spit . and go pee . Sne leave the bathroom . Charlie dribble spit down the sage of the sink . edward seventy -four . Jesus ! we should have buy they . ! i he peel off toward the bedroom to change he pants . connie ( on he exit ) sc buy some , ( to Charlie in the bathroom ) lift the toilet seat , honey ! thonk . we hear it go up . there 's a tinkling sound . edward { ( 0.s.} ( as he go upstairs ) too late , con . too late . connie do not forget to put it down ... thonk . we hear the toilet seat go down . connie ( cont ’d ) ( too late ) ... when you finish . int . entry hall - moment later 4 Charlie pull a enormous backpack onto he back as connie pull glove onto he reluctant hand . he look like a astronaut . connie ( re. the backpack ) do you really need all that stuff ? charlie I hate glove . they choke you hand . connie it 's windy and cold out there . she pull : a distinctly uncocl woolly watch ' cap over he head . a. pee eee ( continued ) 03/12/01 6 . continued : charlie no one wear this dorky hat . connie you do . and you be not @ dork . briefcase in hand , Edward appear . he model he suit again . edward you like ? connie Black . and black . very Lou reed . she kiss he . edward what would I be without you ? she smile at he . connie mismatch . he start to open the door , and the wind catch it , blow it wide open . edward whoa . he shove it close . edward ( cont 'd ) maybe you should not go in . connie I have to . I have auction stuff to do . and someone have a birthday come up . charlie latrell sprewell jersey , Mom . do not forget . connie he 's on the yankee , right ? charlie ( walk away ) Mom !! you be grive I bonker ! Edward and connie share a lock over chariie 's new pet phrase , the . Edward bundle Charlie up . : & ( continued ) 03/12/01 7 . continued : ( 2 } 4 he and Charlie head out into the wind . connie watch through the window as he struggle against the wind to get the car door open and Charlie inside . int . kitchen - moment later 5 connie come back in . the financial news be still on the tv . connie . ( to the tv ) { shut up ! '' | i she slam the off button . the tv go dead . the siflence be deafen . she begin clear the dish and load the dishwasher . clank . clank . ! ext , ardsley-on-hudson station / int . connie 's toyota - later 6 that night connie pull into the parking lot in she car . as usual , she 's late for the train , and , as usual , there 's no place to park . a shopping cart , blow by the wind , roll in front of she . other traveler lean into the wind . she cruise up one row and down another . there 's one space , but it 's too small , so she pull into a yellow - line space . holding she hair against the wind , she jump out and run for the station as the train pull in . int . commuter train - day 5 7 a sea of newspaper hold up by she fellow passenger greet connie . she find a seat as the train pull away . ext . new york CITY - day 8 still incredibly windy . everything be in the air -- hat , loose paper , the early leaf bud of March . everything be up for grab . int . gourmet store - day 9 crowd . connie be do some slightly flirty , good - nature badger with the owner , a barrel - chest italian man . connie two basket ? you cen do better than that . look how well you be do here -- it 's pack . you be rich . be ( continued ) S 10 ii i2 03/12/01 8. continued : 3 owner signora , everybody come to I , ask I for a basket ~- this charity , that - charity -- connie but this be for a school . what 's more important than kid and education ? { {he waver . new tactic} besides , if you add up what I spend in here every year -- Fine , five basket . { connie smile big ) for a school in Westchester . I should hire you to sell for I , I could live there . connie you be that much closer to Heaven , Mr. cavallari . ext , cortland alley - day 10 connie struggle down the alley in the wind . Metal shutter be clanging . Paper and debris spiral around she in little eddyy . ext . party store - afternoon a. '' outside the store , blow - up dinosaur , zebras , Big bird , and elephant thrash crazily in the wind . through the window , we see connie at the register , pay . she exit , carry sack of party favor . struggle to keep she balance in the wind , she try to hail a taxi . angle on mercer STREET corner 12 connie appear , still look for a cab . as she round the corner , a burst of wind grab she and whip she around . she lese control . twist , turn , fight to hold on to something , she try to slow down , lose she balance , regain it , lose it again ... on paul martel , 30 - ish . he be in the middle of the sidewalk , he arm pile with book , he chin hold they precariously in place . he watch connie 's teeter progress with a kind of horror . the wind hurty she toward he like a missile . he dance one way , then another , try to get out of she path , but it 's all happen too quickly . ( continued ) 03/12/01 9. the to continued : finally , inevitably , she crash into he . his book fly , and so do she bag , blast party favor in every direction . tie in a heap , she slightly on top - of he . * terrent of french and English curse . 7 connie * ( twist to get a look at he ) I be sorry . you book ... he start to collect they , then notice she party favor be scatter down the street . | paul stay there . i‘1l ... he get up painfully -- more painfully than he expect . paul ( cont ‘’d ) * ow , shit , what do you do to I ? * connie I be really sorry . he grab he nose , wince , then hobble out into the street and begin chase down she party favor . connie ( cont 'd ) ( feebly ) please do not , really ... Paul be grasp at party favor as they blow by , but he 's obviously in pain and he keep cursing to himself . paul * it 's all right . I will get you a cab . ( quietly , to himself ) fuck -~- he try to hail a cab , but it whoosh by he . he hop on one leg . a garbage can lid roll past he in the wind , and he try to kick it . miss it . smile at she . on connie : take it in . another taxi whoosh by . paul ( cont 'd ) ~ bad day for taxi . his arm be full of party favor now . she try to get up , but . she 's more hurt than she 'expect .. her - knee collapse . it 's reélly bleed , se ( continued ) wy ras . 03/12/01 10 , continued : ( 2 ) 12 connie shit. shit. shit. he hobble to she side , hand she the party favor , and begin pick up book . paul you shot down there like a bullet . if you would flapped you arm , you have be home by now . : jcomre ( receive party favor , watch he in motion ) I will remember that next time . ! paul ( re. she knee ) that 's not good . opoint up ) listen , that 's I up there . the flower pot . she look up and see a flower pot with a dead plant in it sit on the window ledge . paul ( cont ’d ) T will get you a Band - Aid . hold onto something . do not blow away . he start hobbling up the stoop , carry he book ; then reconsider . paul ( cont 'd ) or you can come on up and clean it off . connie sit on the stoop , the wind howling in she ear . the look on she face : be she really go to follow he up.to he place ? connie um ... she look down at she knee , which be bleed down she shin . he stand in the doorway , hold the door open for she . paul come on . I promise I be not a axe murderer . she smile back , get up and follow hin ' in , _ as she do , , an- empty taxi drive by . she watch it go . ° & 03/12/01 ii . int . paul be build ~ foyer - day 13 Paul and connie enter . a hand - lettere '' out of order '' sign hang on the elevator . they continue up the stair . connie 's trail behind faul . connie you do not tell I about the stair . paul ; do not bleed on jthem . I have get a mean landlady . she smile as she reach a landing . she look up warily at the next flight and see he lean over the stairway . paul ( cont 'd ) ( with a smile ) one more . you can make it . she smile and continue upwards . int . paul' apartment - afternoon 14 a cavernous loft , very bohemian . it be , almost literally , a maze of book . book be stack in twist line -- wall and passageway of book . Paul enter , leave the door open . he put down he new acquisition and turn to see connie arrive at the landing . paul pardon the mess . connie ( enter ) be you a writer ? paul no . I collect book . they enter a small live - room area and he point toward the rear , she hesitates . paul ( cont 'd ) the bathroom 's down there . you can sneak a peek at my prescription . she can not help laugh as she go toward the bathroom . & 16 03/12/01 12 . int . bathroom - afternoon 15 she go in and lock the door . she lock wince . her knee really do'é hurt . she examine it . not too deep a wound , bur very messy and still bleed . she take off she shoe . cne have @ bl on it . she wet a washcloth . feeling slightly illicit , she do sneak a peek in the medicine cabinet , which be over the toilet . as she open it , a bottle of aspirin tumble out noisily and splashes into the toilet . perfect . she stare at it , then fish it out , dump it in the sink , wash she hand , dry it off , and carefully put it back in the crowded medicine cabinet . she find he Band - aids , dab the blood from she knee , and shimmy out of she rip and bloodstain panty -hose . she put on she shoe , limp to the side of the tub , sit , wipe away the new blood , and cover the cut with a few Band - aids . then she stand and look at she watch . she see a mug on the * sink . she rinse it out , fill it with water , and drink . then a look at herself in the mirror . what a mess . she fix she hair . she take a deep breath and open the door . int . live room - afternoon 16 she come out . but he 's nowhere to be see . just the maze of hook . connie hello ? she make she way through the maze of book , look for he . she see a picture on the wall -- Paul surround by a bunch * of African tuareg child , wear a traditional blue tuareg * scarf . as she look at it , he appear in front of she , hold two mug . she start -- connie ( cont 'd ) oh -- paul * tea , connie oh. thank you . she step out into the open room . it 's full of more book . * in one corner , there 's a collection of sculptor 's tool -- a * * pedestal , crust of clay on the floor , sculpting knife . '' ( continued ) 03/12/01 13 . continued : 26 a punch bag hang in the middle of the room . there be box trophy on a shelf and glove on a chair . connie ( cont 'd ) . do you box ? paul T use to . ee make a little sparring gesture at she . she laugh . then take in the apartmenr . connte i it 's a nice place , { paul it 's not mine . the owner be a sculptor , a friend of mine . he 's in Paris . so we stay here . I and my book . [ beat ] here , look at this . he go to the refrigerator and open it . the top shelf be full of wax model of hand . connie make a face , a little gross - out . paul ( cont ’d ) it keep they from melting , I guess . he take one out . it have the index finger extend . he look at it a moment , then , smile , use the extend wax finger to give she a playful little poke , it 's slightly awkward . . connie I should call home . paul sure . there 's a phone by the ... connie I see it . she sit on one end of the couch and dial . connie ( cont 'd ) ( on the phone ) hello ? lupe ? how 's everything ...? good . I be go to be a little late . be Charlie ...? hi , honey ... how be school ?... I miss my train , can you believe it ? a. {continued } the dae ae * % ge 03/12/01 14 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 suddenly she feel something on she knee . she whip she head around . Paul be kneel at she foot , put a washcloth fuli of ice on she bad knee . he put she hand on it . paul ( almost a whisper ) Ice . she hold the ice against she knee , very uncomfortable with the intimacy of the situation -- especially now , on the phone with she son . | {connie | ( on the phone , a little faze ) about a hour . start you homework 's . daddy '1l help you . okay ?... 1 not 11 tell you about it when I get home . okay ? Love you . bye . she hang up . Paul be at the window , look cut . connie ( cont 'd ) my son , Charlie . he 's seven . he will be eight next week . paul I be Paul martel , I '11l be 28 in July . connie i '' constance . ( beat ) and I '' late . I have to go . she limp toward where she think the deor be . she 's uncertain . he come near she . paul before you go . take a book . connie no , I couldnt . paul sure you can . keepsake . go down that aisle . he paint down a aisle of book . she look at he , then , hesitantly , walk down it . paul ( cont 'd ) go on . now leave . no , leave . now the first right . & ( continued ) 03/12/01 15 . continued : ( 3 ) 16 we can only see the top of she head . she stand on she tiptoe and peek over che top of the stack , look for he , but she can not see . paul ( cont 'd ) now take the fourth one from the top . connie under this ? paul yes . get it ? she pull out a book that have elaborate Arabic design on the cover , connie yes . paul want I to tell you what it be ? she look up again , but she still can not see he . connie you can not . paul Omar khayyam . the ruba'iyat . connie that 's amazing . paul now open to page 63 . she do . we see a hand - write English translation beside the french text . she read . she hear he footstep get closer . connie '' drink wine , this be life eternal / this , all that youth will give you . / it be the season for wine , rose and drunken friend ... '' and then he 's right there , beside she , look at she . he finish the verse for she , from memory . paul — _ '' ... be happy for this momént 's -- this moment be you life . " & ( continued ) * eae ee 17 '' 18 03/12/01 16 . continued : ( 4 ) 16 they look at each other for a moment . paul ( cont 'd ) - ( smile ) it 's really better in french . connie I have gotta go . ( re. the book : } thank you . paul : can you find you way out ? ' connie { hope so , she head toward a door . paul that 's my bedroom . connie oh . she blushes , then remember where the door be and head toward it . she have to brush by he to get to it . as she do : paul it be nice meeting you , constance . she pause . a load moment . then she head purposefully toward the exit . paul ( cont 'd ) come back if you need more book . or medical attention . int . grand central station - afternoon 17 connie limp across the main hall toward the gate . int . commuter train - afternoon 18 move away from the city . connie study she reflection in the window , lose in think . a middle - age businessman , search for a seat , sit next to she . he settles in , then open he briefcase to work . connie go to she purse and take out she filofax . she see the book , then take it out and open it . . : conductor '' 2 ae ticket ! : gq . '' 20 03/12/01 17 . ext . parking lot - afternoon she pull a parking ticket off she windshield . ext . her town ( ardsley ) - her STREET - late afternoon the Toyota pull into the driveway . int . house '- kitchen - late afternoon connie enter from the garage with all she package . Charlie be watch tv . he hop up when he see she and shut it off . connie that would not be the tv on , would it ? charlie I be just turn it off . she smile at the fib , then plop herself on a kitchen chair and put she package on the table . Charlie see she knee -- the blood have seepe through the Band - aids -- and approach it with rapt fascination . charlie ( cont 'd ) wow ! Gross ! be you in a fight ? connie I fall down . 19 20 ha ey lupe , the clean lady , put down the dish she 's do and move to the freezer . lupe I ' 1l get you some ice . connie ohave fun , to Charlie ) check this out . it get better . connie slowly peel off the Band - Aid , revealing she raw , skinned knee . charlie excellent ! he run from the room , connte | where be you go ? a. {continued ) 21 22 03/12/01 18 . continued : 2 charlie to get the camera ! she the ice pack . connie smile at this . connie thank you , lupe . she gently lay the ice pack on she knee . Charlie run back in with the camera . charlie it 's for school . we be do blood and stuff . ( lift camera ) okay , now look like it really hurt . connie make a agonize face . flash ! go the Polaroid . out whir the develop photo . int . connie 's dressing room ~ night . 22 fully develop now , the photo of connie 's knee be in Edward 's hand as he appear at the door with Charlie at he side . connie be hold the icepack on she knee . edward so he 's a war photographer now . ( hold the photo ) what 's this ? charlie the wind blow she down . she covld not stop . she ble and everything . everybody 's hat blow off . Edward head into the bathroom . edward ( to connie ) God , be you out in that wind today ? it be amazing . Edward lift the seat and start pee . connie it be unbelievable . take I down like a old lady . charlie look at the picture , dad . & ( continued ) 22 continued : 03/12/01 19 . edward ( to connie ) thank God we have get the evidence . we can sue ? connie ( laugh ) no . there be this nice guy who help I . { j Charlie begin run jand spin around the room . charlie it be like this , dad ! it be a twister ! dad ! look ! it be a twister ! Edward look over he shoulder at Charlie . connie he live around there , so he bring I a band - aid and put I in a taxi . Edward flush , zip up . edward ( joke around ) be he good-look ? charlie nspin , fall , spin ) dad ! look ! edward go do you homework , Charlie . . charlie I can not . I do not know how to do it . edward come on . I will help you . then you can help I with mine . Edward follow Charlie out of the room . edward ( cont 'd ) {to connie ) do you get he name , the guy ? we could send he a bottle of wine ... {over he shoulder , smile ) cheap wine . pao ( continued ) 23 03/12/01 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 connie . it be all so fast . anyway , I be fine , I survive . . and they leave . int . charlien bedroom - night 23 Charlie 's in bed . connie be sit on he bed . this be a nightly routine . connie what be the best part of today 7 ' charlie um ... take a picture of you knee . what be you best part ? connie hm , I have not think about it yet . let 's see. ( think ) I see a man 's toupee fly off in the wind . that be pretty great . charlie what 's a toupee ? connte Fake hair . X Charlie make a eew face . connie make one back , concur . then she pull the cover up around he . connie ( cont ’d ) night , sweetie . as she lean over and kiss he , she feel something under the cover . pull it out . his baseball mitt . connie ( cont 'd ) ah-hah ! he smile guiltily as she take the mitt from he . she kiss he again , and limp out . charlie leave the light on ! she smile at he . then she flick the Light off and on . qa . ( continued ) 23 24 25 03/12/01 21 . continued : 23 charlie ( cont ’d ) Mom ! it 's a game they play . charlie ( cont ’d ) ten minute . connie five . she blow he another kiss . ee connie ( cont 'd ) , sweet dream . int . connie' dressing room - a bookshelf - night 24 close on a row of book , then we see connie , now ina night slip , stand at the bookshelf , hold the beok Paul give she . she look at it a moment , smile a little , then place it on the shelf , push it back a little deeper than the ether book . int . sumner bedroom - night 25 Edward be lie in bed , with all the part of a brand new digital camera and the manual , spread out before he . he 's concentrate hard . connie enter and stand by he . he feel she there . 4 edward {more to himself than she ) what I can not figure out be how you go from ... stay there for a sec , okay ? he turn the camera on and point it at she . look at the little screen , he fiddle with the zoom . Zoom in on she , zoom out . he ' 's focus on the hardware , not the subject . connie move toward the bed ... edward ( cont ’d ) no , wait , stay still -- . and climb on top of he , straddle he ... edward ( cont 'd ) con , wait , I just want to figure out this ane - 7 - {continued } 25 26 03/12/01 22 . continued : 25 ... then , while he 's still look at the viewfinder , she hike up she slip a little bit , pull . the cover down , so there 's nothing between they but he short , and press into he a bit . Edward look up , pleased -- a little surprised . this be clearly not the normal bedtime routine . connie what 's the matter ? edward { {happily shifting gear ) nothing . nothing at all . | he clear the camera stuff onto the / floor . she slide the slip off one shoulder . he still have the camera on she . edward ( cont ’d ) Jesus , look how beautiful you be . she lean in and start kissing he . while they kiss , he move the camera around she body , so when he look at the little screen , he can see bit of she blurry back , she foot , she ass ... just as they be really start to enjoy themselves , there 's a thud from another room . they stop , look at each other . edward ( cont ' D} shit. [ beat ] I get it . he get up . on he way out of the room : 5 edward ( cont 'd ) {it 's happen in the past ) do not fall asleep . int . charlie' bedroom - night 26 Edward enter to find Charlie and a heap of bedclothes tangle on the floor . he kneel down and pick up the still sleep boy . he look down at the boy in he arm . edward {softly , lovingly ) you be drive I bonker . he put he back in the bed , then straighten the bedclothes and cover he son back up . 27 28 03/12/01 23. int . commuter train - day . 27 comnie be on she way back from New York bag pile on the seat beside she , a painting propped against they . she sit by herseif , look through she filofax . cross thing off she to - do list : latrell jersey , gift basket , spinelli Gallery . she can see into the window of the car ahead of she . the train go around a bend , and suddenly , through that window , she see Paul . could it be ? she stare , but he do not see she . the train pull out of the turn . she can not see he any more . she crane she head to see whether she can , catch sight of he , but just as she do the train turn again , and there he be . she wave , try to get he attention . he look up -- and break into a grin . hoist one leg in the air , he point to it and make a question face : how 's the knee ? she smile , with a nod and a gesture : not bad . then she point questioningly to she nose , ask how 's he . he wiggle he nose , give a nod : it 's work okay . for a moment they smile at each other , not sure where this be go . and then the train straighten out and he vanish . but then he lean back into view and mime '' cail I 's , as people be get up around he to get off the train . he wave and go with then . she sit , think , a smile play on the corner of she mouth . curt to : int . sumner house - family room - day 28 connie move through the live room , carry paper birthd@ay pilate with cake residue on they , from outside , she hear kid laugh . she look out the window and see Charlie ( now wear he latrell sprewell jersey ) and a bunch of boy tear around the balloon - festoon lawn , chase after Edward , squirting he with aerosol silly string . he 's dodging and weaving to avoid they . they finally catch up to he , tackle he , and climb all over he in a giant pig-pile . connie watch . behind she , a collection of snow globe . - eee ma 29 03/12/01 24 . int . sumner bedroom - morning 29 connie get dress , in peace and quiet . jeans and bra . 2s she pull on one shee , Charlie come in , bundle up in he coat . he be chew something . charlie ( v.0 . ) {theatrically ) Mom , be you crazy ? you forget my lunch ! connte j I do not forget it . it 's in the. , .here . she steer he toward the laundry room , bob up and down in the one shoe . as they move through the house : connie {( cont ‘d ) what be you chew ? charlie nothing . she hold out she hand for he to spit into it , and he do . it 's a glop of gooey , sticky candy . and now it 's stick to the palm of she hand . she stare at it . connie Lovely . charlie Mom ... ' they enter the laundry room . she whisk the lunchpail off the wash machine and hand it to he . charlie ( cont ’d ) I do not want to be a dumb bunny . as they head back toward the door ... connie honey , it 's a play . there will be lot af bunny . it all be cool to be a bunny . charlie you be bonker , Mom . connie so you tell I . ( kiss he , shoos he out door ) I love you . {cont inued ) rs ) with 32 03/12/01 25 . continued : 23 she send he off and head up the stair . int . sumner bedroom - day . 30 she pass by the window , watch as Charlie hop inte the car . Edward flap his tie at she for approval . she waggle she hand a little -- wh , so-so . he laugh . int . connie' dressing room - continuous with ad connie enter , look for a shirt to wear . ) she pause when she see she book , and paul 's book push deep into the shelf . she pull it out . a card fallsfout of it . she contemplate the glop in she hand , then pop Charlie 's candy into she mouth to free up she other hand and pick the card up off the floor . it have panli 's name and phone number on it . cuut to : int . grand central station - day 32 cu cf connie 's hand , punch number on a pay phone . but as we pull back , she stop herself and hang up the phone . the quarter drop with a clang . she take it out . for a moment the quarter burn a hole in she hand . she stare at she paper cup of coffee cool by the phone . she drop the quarter in the phone again and punch the number . two ring . and then : paul' voice you have get Paul martel . leave a message , Z '11 call you back . beep . connie uh -- she move to hang up the phone , but just as it 's about to hit the cradle , she hear he voice . paul' voice hello ?... hello ? a tiny hesitation . she put the phone to she ear , connie oh , you be there . this be connie sumner . I be the one , on that really windy day .. , a { continued ) 03/12/01 continued : paul ‘s voice ( teasing ) : oh , that one . - ( then : } how 's the knee ? do you ice it ? connie I iced it , elevate it , you name it , I 1 do it . it 's a lot better . I just want : : to call and thank you . and ask for you | } address . I be go to send you a -- intercut : 33 int . ' paul be apartment - day Paul roam , sorting book , cradling the phone . paul where be you ? connie ( catch off guard ) what ? paul where be you ? connie Grand Central . it 's hard to hear . paul come on down . connie what ? paul take a break . I ’'11 make you some coffee . connie coffee ... she stare at she paper coffee cup , conflict . 34 ext . paul be build - day establish . the flower pot in the window . angle down on connie lisske up at Paul 's apartment . &. 33 35 with n 37 03/12/01 27 , ext . door - intercom ~- day 35 hesitantly , she ring he . almost immediately we hear the buzzer . loud and long . she push open the door . int . paul be euilding - staircase - day 36 as she huff and puff up the staircase to he landing , Paul be stand barefoot in he open doorway , wait with a welcoming grin . she walk down he hallway as he consider she ! openly , make she self - conscious . i paul ( be : she knee ) no permanent damage , I see . she bounce 2 little on the injure leg to show how she 's heal . he extend he arm to usher she in . paul ( cont 'd} we take medicaid , Blue Cross -~- connie sorry . I be uninsured . paul ch God , another charity case . he shut the door in she face . ' she stand there a mdment , throw . then the door reopen and he 's stand there , grin , he step aside , let she in . int . paul 's apartment - day 37 book be everywhere . Paul pick one up . it 's in a clear , plastic cover . paul look at this . antoine de Saint - exupery . first edition of '' Le petit prince in English , in the original dust jacket . T get it for a buck fifty . connie it 's worth more ? paul about twe thousand time more . 4 ( continued ) ave 03/12/01 28 . 37 continued : 37 '' connie you be kid . paul * '' I find it at a estate sale in whire Plains . ch -- that Gay I see you on the train . | connie a hl yeah , that be ... | paul '' yeah . connie pick up a book from one of the stack . paul ( cont 'd ) * that be all in french . do you read '' french ? be connie * I take it in school . paul * ! tu veut enlever ton manteau ? connie do I want to take off ... something ? paul would you like to take off you coat ? connie oh . my coat . yes , I will . for a little while . I can not stay long . he help she off with the coat . she be very aware of he , of he nearness . paul I will get the coffee . he go into the kitchen . paul ( cont ’d ) how be the birthday party ? connie no casualty . and I gidn not cry . {beat } I usually cry on he birthday . & ( continued ) 03/12/01 2g . ~ ) uw continued : ( 2 ) it 's as if she 's say too mich . a awkvard silence . Paul bring they cup of coffee . paul let I show you something -- I just foun . this the other day . he put down he mug , dig a big , heavy book out of a box and epen it up . the page be white , with bump . { 1 paul ( cont 'd ) hpronounce it in french ) { it 's in brailie . connie in what ? orealize ) on , braille . paul no , braille ~ he be french . ( beat ) Close you eye . she hesitates . he take she cup from she , put it down on the table . paul ( cont 'd ) Close they . she do . he take she hand and put it on the page , , then set she index finger on the first line of braille . as she start to run she finger across the tiny bump : paul ( cont 'd ) ( quote ) '' when he think of she , he think of caramel ... '' she continue move she hand along the page as he recite the text . he set he hand down on the right side cf the page , so that she hand , move across the bump , will hit it . paul ( cont 'd ) " , .. and the delicious way it have of linger in the crack of he tooth . that 's how it be with she . still there , even day after she would leave .* when she finger to meet he , she stop . open she eye . but - dee not pull she hand awey . ( continued ) eee a ee eee 37 38 03/12/01 30 . continued : ( 3 ) 37 connie you read braille . with a smile , he flip the cover over , so she can see the title . '' the Joy of cook . * connie laugh . connie ( cont 'd ) you make that up . { paul : | I do . i i gheir finger be stu touch on the page . | '' connie ( hesitatingly ) I would better go , but he keep move he finger on hers , intertwine they more , explore the crevice between she finger . she let he continue for a moment . and then -- connie ( cont 'd ) ( turn toward the door ) I have better go . she withdraw she hand . he open the door for she . she manage a half -smile . paul take care . do not fall . ' connie thanks fer the coffee . she head out the door . paul you do not drink it . buc he be talk to a empty hallway . she 's go . ext . paul' build ~- day 38 * connie stand on the step , feel the unfamiliar excitement in she bone . she pull up she collar , then re-join the real world . : connie texit 39 40 41 42 43 03/12/01 31 . ext . edward office build - day 39 a cab pull up . as the mechanize voice of '' remind she to take she belonging , connie ce cab and go into the building . - , omit 40 * int . hallway ~ lead to edward 's office - day 41 she walk past smaller office with frost window . Edward 's 's business be old - economy , establish , unglamorous but substantial , and the offices{reflect all that . along the wall be black - and - white photograph of sumner armore * truck , from the early twentieth century to the present . picture of Edward 's grandfather and father , who run the business before Edward do . int . edward 's outer office - day 42 Lindsay , Edward 's attractive late - 20 's assistant , be work * at she desk when connie enter . lindsay * connie ! connie hi , Lindsay . * lindsay . * let I buzz he . ( pick up the phone ) you wife be here . ( she get up , on the way to the aoor ) you look great . do you cut you hair ? connie 's hand go to she hair . connie not lately ... but thanks . int . edward office - day 43 Edward be halfway to the door . bill stone , a employee , be * ready to leave . edward hey -- what a nice surprise . bill * hi , connie . : mo , ( continued ) 43 03/12/01 continued : Bill walk over , give she a hug and a kiss on the cheek . connie - hi , Bill . I be interrupt . bill no , I be just leave . {to Edward ) I all get back to you . { he exit . | lindsay | coffee ? / connie no , thanks . 32 . 43 Lindsay leave . connie go to Edward , give he a hug and a kiss . she hold onto he as if for dear life . edward mmm . that 's nice . I do not know you be come in . you could have drive in with I . you be freezing . connie I be around the corner . I bring you a present . edward wow . what 's the occasion ? connie ( smile , a little uncomfortable ) I do not know ... nothing . [ beat ] it 's a medium . but they run large . he unfold a cashmere sweater . edward I will try it on , connie you do not have to try it on now . edward ( smile ) why not ? I '' the boss . take he jacket off , put on the sweater . he model it . & ( continued ) wee 03/12/01 33 . 7 ( 2 ) 43 wa 5 continu edward ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? the fhine buzze . he pick it up . edward ( cont ' D} yes ?... all right . and then hold my call . connte ( uneasy ) you ‘’re busy . in 1l go . he motion for she to stay . edward ( into phone , eye on connie as he speak . he be strong , control ) hello , Henry . what 's this I - 54 problem ? why be not I tell ? re continue talk as we favor connie , who play nervously with she earring . she look at the various frame photograph of the family on he desk : at play , they wedding , baby Charlie , Charlie play soccer , edward ( cont 'd ) ( forceful ) never receive it .... well , get it to I . no , that 's not all right .... then let 's set a time , and I want Frank birnbaum there . i connie get up and move to the window , lock out . she seem uneasy . edward ( cont ’d ) Cause I have a bad feel about hin . when I tell someone I want they to do something , I want it do . yes , I be sure you will , hhang up , smile at connie ) how do I do ? mean enough ? connie smile a little nervously . connie trouble in Chicago ? edward trouble everywhere . anyway .. what - else you + - 's --- be up to ? tab , ( continued ) 43 44 45 03/12/01 34 . continued : ( 3 ) 43 connie just the auction stuff . edward who would you hit on ? connie oh , you know . the usual suspect . Bob gaylord -- { i connie notice a tag hang from the sweater collar . she i pick up scissors from Edward 's desk pn come nearer to he . edward , ! if you get a pledge out of Bob , they : should send you to the Middle East . she snip off the tag . edward ( cont ‘d ) so ... come on . tell I . they be eyeball to eyeball . connie ( awkward , a little throw ) about what ? edward the sweater . what do you think ? do I match ? '' connie look at he with a smile . int . kitchen - that evening 44 after dinner . Cleaning up . connie be at the sink , rinsing the dish , precccupy . the faucet 's run on the plate . behind she , Edward be wiping off the counter . he bring a glass over to the sink . as he put it in , he look over at connie and smile . she feel he glance , but do not look back , as if she have not notice he look at she . he set the glass down and walk away . then , as he go , connie look up , watch he walk away . then she look back at the sink , still deep in think . as we move in on she face , we hear the sound of footstep in a echo-y hallway . int . paul ‘s hallway - day 45 she 's at he -door . he open it .: 4 . ( continued ) 45 46 03/22/01 35 . continued ; connie paul connie here I be again . ( beat ) for I bring mffin .! she enter , hold a white paper bag . int . paul 's apartment - day Ali farka toure be play . they stand face each paul tu veut enlever ton manteau ? she nod , smile , take it off . connie what 's this music ? paul African blue . [ beat ] want to dance ? connie now ? paul yes. connie all right , but I be warning you -- I tend to lead . paul ( teasing ) of course . you be american . 45 46 other . he hold out he hand . she take it . come into he slowly . his arm go around she waist . they dance . connie you have do this before , have not you ? he do not answer . connie ( cont 'd ) how many cixlfriend have you have ? aq ( continued ) 03/12/01 36 . continued : 46 paul * two. . * he hold up two finger , in mock innocence . * connie * really ? * paul i _ + would I lie to you ? connie I do not know . would you ? he gaze into she face . paul * you eye be amazing , you know that ? you should never shut they . not even at night . you should learn to sleep with you eye open . connie I ' 11 work on that . paul * will you ? connie sure . still hold the paper bag , she let she hand very slowly go up to he shoulder , the bag hang down he back . she 's nervous - - want this , and fear it , too . he reach up and take the bag out of she hand . he let it drop to the floor . they dance , every now and then bump the paper bag . they do not notice . suddenly , the CD stick . that electronic tic fill the room . Paul step away from she . * paul * hang on -- he go over to the CD player and turn it off . when he turn back around to she , she 's change -- tightened up a bic . rarr ( continued ) 46 47 4b 49 03/12/01 37 . continued : ( 2 ) as connie I think this be a mistake . slowly toward she . paul there 's not such thing as a mistake . there 's what you do , and what you do not do . she can not meet he gaze . she head for the door . connie | well I can not do this . not look back , she bolt out the door . for a moment , we linger on the close door . Paul turn off the music . he stare at the muffin bag on the floor . the intercom buzze , he push the button . int . paul 's hallway - day ~ moment later 47 he open the door , hold the paper bag . she 's stand there . connie forget my coat . and just like that , she 's draw to he like a magnet , they kiss . he struggle to close the door . int . paul be apartment - day — continuous 4b they tear at each other 's clothes , kissing , all but devour each other . his arm wrap around she , he lift she foot just barely off the ground and , still kissing she , float she into he bedroom as he undress she , he see she hand be shaking . as be she arm . in fact , she whole body be tremble in anticipation . new shot - she be close to a orgasm , but she shake she ag head , push he away . she 's sweaty , flushed . connie I be sorry , I can not ... Paul look at she . Fe ( continued ) 43 50 51 03/12/02 38. continued : 49 paul what 's the matter ? he begin kissing she over and over es she talk . hardly get the word out . connie I can not let go . I can not ... you be not listen to I -- ( ( paul | ! {still kissing ) «a | ( look at she ) hit I . : she stare at he . connie why ? paul just do it . she slap he face half - heartedly . paul ( cont 'd ) no , really hit I . she slap he , hard . then again . and again , a flurry of hit . ' and , as he know it would , hit he release something in she . suddenly she 's kissing he and kissing he and he 's inside she and she bury she mouth in he to muffle she scream , int . the train - moving - day 50 connie sit at the window , stare blankly out at the pass scenery . until the think of where she be and what she do hit she and she face transform -- a embarrassed smile , follow by guilt and confusion . she see a woman come out of the bathroom . pick up she bag and a smail shopping bag , she get up and head into it , int . lady bathroom - day 51 she lock the door . cramped quarter . she have to go through contortion as the train sway . take off pantyhose . take out new pantyhose from the shopping bag and start to put they on , the train bump she around . &. ( continued ) $ 1 52 53 03/12/01 39 . continued : 21 she change she mind , take some paper towel , wet they , cover they with liquid soap , wash herself . Whore 's bath . dry herself . search in she purse for perfume . struggle to put on new pantyhose , shoe . wrap the old hose in a ball . someone kneck on the door , turn the knob . she hurry , put the old pantyhose beneath the paper towel in the wastebasket . she look at herself . wash she hand . fluif nex hair . exit . a woman wait to come in smile politely . ext . train station , ardsley-on -hudson ~- train platform - day 52 Wide shot of the train platform . connie get off the train and disappear into the crowd . we linger on the train platform and dissolve through to a different set of commuter stream off another train , among they Edward , ext . train platform - dusk 53 [ during this scene we follow Edward and Bob up the stair and end in the parking lot of the station . ) Edward , still in he new sweater , as he run into bob gaylord . edward Bob . how 's it go ? bob Ed . any major armed robbery ? edward not this week . speak of armed robbery , you better watch out for connie . she will have you signing over you mortgage . Bob look blank . edward ( cont 'd ) do not she try to collar you for a few buck ? Bob 's still blank . edward ( cont ’d ) connie say she talk to you . about the school auction ? bob not I . I have be out of towm . maybe she talk to martha . 4 . ( continued ) se ee 53 54 55 03/12/01 40 . continued : 53 edward yeah . yeah , XI must have get 's it wrong . bek head for he car . bor anyway . we owe you dinner , Ed . we linger on Edward 's face as he try to make sense of this . { int . sumner house , kitchen - night i | 54 tight on leftover birthday cake as a knife| slice through it . widen to see connie cut it carefully in half and serve it onto two plate . int . family room - night - same 55 Edward and Charlie be play a playstation game , both make sound effect on they turn . Charlie 's in pajamas and slipper . it 's Edward 's turn . while he play , Charlie manipulate Edward 's face with he hand , smoosh it this way and that . connie enter with the two piece of cake . connie this be the last of it . edward here , split it with I . he hold up a bite for she but she do not notice . * she seem a million mile away . but then the phone ring . connie pick it up . connie hello ...? oh , hi ... she move out of the room with the phone . Edward watch she . Charlie go back to smoosh he face around . charlie knock knock . Edward turn back to the game ... charlie ( cont ‘d ) dad -- knock knock . edward who 's there ? ( continued ) * 03/12/01 42 . 55 continued : bs ... but he 's still try to pay attention to connie , whom we follow to : the hallway connie ( on phone , tentative ) I be not sure ... back to edward ~ we can barely 's make out connie 's conversation . he gently push , Charlie 's hand away from he face , try to hear . | charlie boo. : edward boo who ? charlie do not cry , dad . it 's only a joke . Edward smile , distract . connie ( 0.8 . ) } I can try ... right . you , too . okay . thanks . bye . charlie get it ? dad ? get it ? she come back in . edward ntry to be casual ) who be that ? charlie dad ! you turn ! connie Tracy . it 's the school play . I have get to help make twenty bunny suit . edward you be a brave mother . : : connie bedtime , sweetie . charlie '' ch . mr re we be right in the middle ! ' 4 ( continued ) a 55 5é 5 ? 03/12/01 42 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 edward go on . we will play again tomorrow . she lead Charlie out . the dog trail behind they , leave Edward alone . int . study - night 56 Edward work at he : desk under a cone of light from jthe desklamp . connie come in . i 1 connie | he 's out . can I get you anything ? } edward ' no , thanks . I be fine . he turn to she , study she . connie what ? edward nothing . 1/11 be right up . connie good . she kiss he head , then start out of the room . edward con ... ( she turn ) you love I ? connie of course I love you . what a silly question . edward I guess I be feel silly . ( smile at she ) see you upstairs . she look at he a moment , then go out of the room , leave he there alone in the cone of light . int , family room - night 57 connie turn out the light . she stop at the table with she snow Globe Collection . she focus om a chicaco globe . feople be blow around . - se ( continued ) 57 58 58a s8b 58c 03/12/01 43 . continued : 8? underneath they it say * the windy City . " she pick it up , look at the little figure be toss around in the wind . int . paul 's bedroom - day . 58 * hysterical laughter . Paul and connie be smack in the middle * of tumble and hurl each other around on the bec , naked . she 's wear he box glove . he 's tickle she ; she 's * howling , laugh . they be like kid . connie ! ( barely able to speak ) | stop it , I be go to pee -- ( he do not stop ) | imean it -- stop -- he stop tickle she , but pin she under he arm and lean over she . get a wick smile . connie ( cont 'd ) ( know what he 's think ) no -- he let a small dangle of spit hang from he mouth , toward she face . she scream . he suck up the spit , still laugh . int . paul be bedroom - later s8a * quiet now . Paul and connie lie in bed , look at each * other , while Paul slowly wrap connie up in he touareg * scarf . * int . paul 's bedrocm - later séb '' connie 's asleep now . Paul be draw on she rib , just under * she breast -- a little doodle . she have no idea , * int . paul be bedroom - later 5ec * Paul be up out of bed , get dress . connie 's awake , * watch he pull he pants over he bare ass . she pull on * one of he t-shirt ... * connie * oh , here -- * -.. and get out of bed . she slip she foot into he big * * boot , clomp over to she bag , and pull out the snow globe , wrap in tissue paper . connie '' ( cont ' D} . as ez bring you something . & {continued ) 58c 59 03/12/01 44 , continued : 58c he come over to she , smoking a cigarette . she give he the '' windy City '' snow Globe . connie ( cont ’d ) I collect they . this one make I think of you . he take the globe from she . i . paul ' 1 thank you . | - ; he stick he cigarette in she mouth so he can turn it over | with both hand . while the snow swirl around , connie take a drag from the cigarette . inhale , . feel it swirl ! around . exhales , '' mmmmm . connte God , I have not smoke in year . he put the snow globe down on he table unceremoniously . paul when do you quit ? connie Seven year ago . when I get pregnant . we both do . a little awkward moment , with the allusion to Edward . paul you be make I feel like a bad influence . connie . Little late in the day for that , do not you think ? she take another drag . drink it in , luxuriate in it . she put the cigarette in he mouth . he take a big drag . blow it out . kiss she . she come alive . connie ( cont 'd ) ( very quietly ) oh God ... int . restaurant - day : 59 lunchtime . the restaurant be crowded . connie and Paul be in a booth at the back . a waiter give they menus . connie lock around nervously . & ( continued ) 59 for 03/12/01 4s . continued : ss connie what be we do here ? paul nstudy the menu ) have lunch . connie I should not be do this . t he slip he finger inside the waistband of she pants . paul you should not be have lunch ? connie not with you , no . I think we should leave . paul listen . see that guy over there pay the check ? she look toward where he 's indicate . two businessmen be at a table , one face connie and one with he back turn . connte yes . paul if the guy on the leave pay , we leave right now , without order . connie look dubious . paul ( cont 'd ) t£ the one on the right pay , we stay . and I kiss you . connie no ... but already she 's watch the two businessman as they each grab the check from the other , argue over who will pay . the suspense be kill she , but it leok as if the guy on the left be go to wind up foot the bill . relieved , connie get ready to leave . but the guy on the right finally grab the check cand | get up the go , follow by he companion . '. 7 &. ( continued ) 59 60 61 03/12/01 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 shock , connie look at panl . Paul look at connie . her face : oh shit . then he take she in he arm and kiss her deeply . at first , she resist . then she succumb . - just before he go out the door , the guy on the right , the one wno pay the bill , catch sight of they . they nre still kissing . he pause for a moment . we reveal that it 's Bill ' Stone , from Edward 's office . connie do not see Bill , but Bill 's face register he astonishment as he recognize he boss 's wife . { | int . bedroom and connie 's dressing room - night | 60 Edward be in the bedroom watch a financial report on | television . we pan over and find connie in she dress room . she take off she clothes and bury they deep in the hamper . she smell she arm , she shoulder -- smell Paul all over she . she put she hand to she nose and breathes he in .. int . bathroom - night 61 she 's in the tub , water run , bead of perspiration on she face . the African blue music be play -- the same song we hear at Paul 's . as she languidly sponge herself off , she come across the doodle Paul draw on she rib -- it say '' mine '' . she panic , scrub at it . it do not come off . she rub more soap on the washcloth , then scrub again . this time the ink fade . thank god. just as it 's almost completely go ... : the light go out . startle , she look up . ancther , softer light : it 's Edward , hold a clinking glass of vodka on the rock in one hand and a light candle in the other . edward can I get in ? connie of course . she watch as he take off he pants and hang they neatly on the clothes tree . edward this music be nice . what be it ? connie African , I think . off come he underwear , he sock , and he climb ia the tub . they sit face each other in the candlelight . he hand she the glass . she take a sip . ( continued ) ee ee ee 61 62 03/12/01 47 . continued : 61 he smile , then consider she body , lap by bathwater . he take she hand . kiss the top of it , tum it over and kiss she palm . he dip he hand into the water and move it gown to she leg . he 's fondle she . she wait a bear , then lean closer , she cheek to he . connie ( cont 'd ) let 's go to bed . edward let 's stay ) here while the water 's warm . i connie be not you cold ? ( bring up he hand ) I be cold . see you in bed , she get out of the tub . int . bedroom - next morning 62 Edward , dress for work , gaze at connie 's image in the bathroom mirror through the half - open door . she 's rub lotion on she calve , she thigh , edward how about lunch today ? i1 x11 blow off my meeting . we can get a hotel room . connie wow , what 's get inte you ? he come into the bathroom and lean in the docrway . she go to wash she face . throughout the scene , the close - ups become increasingly tight as Edward watch she wash she face , rinsing she face . edward you have . connie I have all this fund -raise stuff , auction thing to pick up ... edward ( watch she closely ) just lunch then . we will meet at twelve . connte twelve . a ( continued ) 62 03/12/01 48 . continued : 62 she grab a towel , pat she face dry . edward oe mian . she look at he over the towel , hold it in front of she : like a shield . connie ( stalling ) will I be hungry at twelve ? he sit down next to she . very close . edward we will go in together . I will wait for you . connie I will not be ready for another hour . edward that 's okay . connie ( pretend to realize ) oh , shit . edward what ? connie I just remember -~ I have a facial at georgianna at 12:30 , I would cancel , but it 's a nightmare get a appointment . edward ah , well . fa light joke ] you gotta stay beautiful , right ? connie smile . he take she chin and turn she face toward he , touch she cheek . her eye meet he . edward ( cont 'd ) georgianna , huh ? waste of money . he touch she cheek , kiss she , and walk out . int . edward office - day 63 we notice Bill hover in the doorway . he see Edward on the phone , talk angrily . he hesitates , then leave . a ( continued ) §3 64 03/12/01 4g , continued : 63 edward ( on the phone ) that 's not what we talk about ...1 : do not order the truck from Marshall , I order they from you ... well , get back to I as soon as you can . he hang up as lindsey enter . she put papers on he desk , give he a smile . : ; i lindsay you have a meeting with Dick Houston at } five , and this / need you signature . } edward : give I a few minute . she nod , go out and shut the door . Edward pick up the phone , start absently unccile the phone cord , think to himself . then he dial , 4 - 1 - 1 . wait , still uncoil the cord . edward ( cont ’d ) in Manhattan . a beauty salon call georgina ... oh , right . it 's georgianna . ( write it down ) thank you . ( hang up , dial ) I '' call to confirm a appointment for today at twelve thirty . connie sumer ... s-u-m-n-e-r ... be she down for any other time ?..- be you sure ?... all right . thank you . he hang up , brood . ext , paul 's STREET - day 64 * there 's a entirely different look on connie 's face as she come down the street -- the preoccupy smile that lover have when just the think of meeting they lover can make the whole world go away . almost at the step , we hear : woman 's voice con ?... connie ! as if in a trance , she almost bump into two woman , tracy , at the entrance of a cafe opposite fpaul 's bul & more ( continued ) 64 65 66 03/12/01 50 . continued : : 64 tracy connie ! connie {caught} Tracy . I be go to call you . tracy that 's what they all say when I call about bunny costume . you know Sally -- from plann parenthood . she do not . it 's too big a shift of gear . connie right . hi . it 's be a while . sally too long . you look ... amazing . tracy where you head ? connie I be just go to ... look for some window shade for the kitchen . tracy . come on . we be go for coffee . we will duck in here and catch up . connie oh , I can not . I will be late . tracy for window shade ? int . cafe - day 65 Sally , Tracy and connie be be seat . connie excuse herself . int . cafe - back hallway - day 66 Washroom , a view of the kitchen , door to the alley . connie dial the phone and glance over at Sally and Tracy , sit at a window table . ( continued ) 66 67 67a 03/12/01 continued : connie hi , it 's I . you will not believe this . some friend ambush I right across the - street from you and drag I into that cafe ... I be stick here . wait for I . bye. hang up . we follow she to the front table { she sit . connie i I have to remind lupe to pick up the clean when she get Charlie . connie 's eye widen as she react to her Pov - through the window 51 . 66 67 67a Paul move down he step , head across the street to the cafe . he look in the window and smile . he enter , move to the small bar . he and the bartender exchange friendly hellos in french . he 's a regular . he order a beer , and light a cigarette , then turn and shoot a glance at she . she at he . in a moment , he move to the back hallway . connie would you excuse I again ? lady room . she go toward the back , tracy : God , she lock good . do you think she 's have work ? sally why would she have work ? she 's still gorgeous . tracy that 's when they be have it now . early , before it all go to shit . sally this be terrible to say , but -- I think I no like she better if she have . there 's just something about how perfect she life 1s ... 68 69 70 03/12/01 52 , back hall 68 Paul be lean against the wall , wait . his sexy grin . she look around , but move directly into he . connie I '' sorry . do I know you ? he smile , kiss she , start to unbutton she sweater . connie ( cont 'd ) : { I have friend out there . | paul ' they can wait . I can not . : he open the door to the alley , move she outside with he . int . cafe - front table - day 69 Tracy and Sally . sally ( weary , envious ) 1 ++. the gorgeous husband , the adorable kid , the house like martha Stewart ... ext . cafe alley - day - continuous 70 no place martha Stewart would be catch dead . Paul have connie press up against a dirty wall and be kissing she . he press she hand up against the wall , hard . it graze she hand , scratch it . connie ( whisper ) you take I to the best place . the decor open . a kitchen worker carry out some garbage . they turn away , laugh , move back inside . int . cafe - front table - day 71 tracy she 's not like that . she 's really . nice ... sally ( smile , know how bitter she sound ) of course she be , that only make it worse . ( more ) ( continued ) 03/12/01 53 . 72 continued : 71 sally ( cont 'd ) she 's nice and sweet and she ass be ue exactly where it be when she be in college . Te int . .. rallway ~ day 72 her ass , press up against a wall , with he hand grab it . she back into the door to the man 's room and pull he in . ( t 73 int . men 's room ~ day 73 j he stick he cigarette in she mouth and lift up she skirt . 74 int . cafe - front table - day 74 Tracy and Sally wait . a moment later , connie return . tracy there you be . I be about to worry . connie I be fine . sally ( be : Paul ) * I just figure you would be abduct by the * see heartthrob . connie which heartthrob ? tracy you do not see he at the counter ? he * be gorgeous . connie I miss everything . tracy you button 's undone . connie ( quickly ) oh ? in the background , Paul reappear and go to the bar . he will * drink he beer . his back to the woman . his reflection in the bar mirror . tracy that 's he . {continued } 03/12/01 s4 . 7a continued : 24 connie pretend to take a casual peek . the woman ail try to watch he without ook like they nre watch he . i sally i you guess ? please , if that guy look at I twice , I would be on my back in a second . ' tracy | you would not . 's sally sure I would . why not ? tracy a couple of reason . Adam , fer one . you kid , for another . sally they would not have to know . it would just be something X do on my own , for myself , to broaden my horizon . kind of no like take a pottery class . tracy have a affair be nothing like take a. pottery class . sally it could be . tracy no. believe I . it would start out like that -- a casual thing that make life exciting . but then something would happen -- someone find out , or someone fall in love -- whatever -- and it would end disastrously . they always end disastrously . connie look at Tracy questioningly -- how do you know ? Tracy meet she gaze . guilty , honest . she know because she do it herself . sally ng. a ( continued ) 7a 03/12/01 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 74 when ? ( weary , sad ) a long time ago . and it 's the one thing : in my life I would undo if I could . ; they coffee and pastry arrive . connie look across at Paul , who get up and head out the door . sally {to he depart back ) next lifetime , sweet cheek . you and I . connie try not to watch he crossing the street and enter he building . connie pretend to have less interest than either of they . int . paul ‘s apartment - later 75 connie enter , suddenly more complicated . connie I have to walk five block with they . I have to look at window shade . I hate window shade . paul I too . and he 's on she again , hungry . she 's reluctant . connie do not you just fuck I across the street ? paul it work everywhere . she withdraw just a little . look at he . connie we could end this now , you know . no one would get hurt . he move closer to she again . brushes a piece of hair out of she face . then start touch she . paul if we end this now , I would get hurt . 4s . ( continued ) 75 03/12/01 56 . continued : ~1 wo connie so no matter what , someone get hurt , paul maybe not . maybe we get tired of each other at exactiy the same time . connie oh , ; geod , I hope so . '' he start unbut tone she sweater again . she do not step he . she nas j2ere resistance . connie ( cont ‘d ) , you be the only thing on my mind when I wake up . every morning . you be in my brain before I open my eye . he slip she sweater off of she . touches she . paul what do you think of ? connie depend . if it 's a day when I do not know aif I be go to see you , I be anxious . my mind be spin , search for excuse to come into the city and see you . he keep touch she . she start to get heady with arousal . he undoe she skirt . paul and the day when you know we will see each other ? he slide she skirt off . she lift she ass to help he . touches she in way that dissolve any resistance she might have . connie that morning , I be caim . ( beat ) calm , and hat myself . they start to screw again . ext . armore truck yard - day 76 Edward be talk to a man in a suit next to a technician welding a half - build armored truck . . & eh ees ( continued ) 76 77 03/12/01 57 . continued : 76 through the windshield , Edward see Bill look at he through a office doorway . edwapii thanks , tim. ( be : the welding ) and you x11 do the other , right ? { tim sure . Edward nod and head toward Bill . ! int . armore truck yard build - day 77 as Edward enter , a alarm sound . he can see Bill through the window of the door . he go through another . another alarm sound . bill what 's up ? sounded important . Edward head over to a more private area . Bill follow . Edward face he . edward I have hear you be talk with dunbar and brink . and a few other company . bill ( nervous ) . where would you hear that ? I mean , I have some friend there ... what do you mean ? as they talk , people go in and out of the nearby door , sounding alarm every time . bill ( cont 'd ) well , they could be woo I , I suppose , if that 's what you mean . edward apparently a lot of people be woo you this day . or who 's woo who ? bill I do not know what you be talk about , ed. edward I '' let you go , Bill .. you be welcome - to resign if you want . q ( continued ) 1 ? 78 79 03/12/01 58 . continued : 77 bill what be you talk about ? I have be talk to people . so what ? edward it 's about loyalty , Bill . you all have my recommendation if you need it . bill | I have a family , Ed . | tight on Edward . io edward | ' you have a family here . : he walk away , leave Bill alone . but ' Bill yell back at he . bill you be tell I about family ? you do not know the first God damn thing about it ! Edward keep walk . bill ( cont 'd ) look at you own fuck family , Ed ! if you want to know about loyalty , take a God damn leok at that ! Edward stop , turn . Bill storm through the door , sounding the alarm . int . edward 's office - day - later 78 the alarm still ringing in he ear , Edward be in he office , think , disturb . he decide , then flip through he rolodex . ext , a little park - day - later : 79 the park be on bleecker Street , next to & playground where child be laugh and play . four or five bench sit behind iron railing . on one of they , we see a solitary figure from behind . the camera track around to reveal frank wilson , a elegant man in he mid-sixty . he wear wire - rim glass and a well - tailore gray overcoat . Edward sit down on the bench next to hin . edward thanks for come on short notice . the ( continued ) 79 continued : ee a pause . 03/12/01 wilson not a problem . edward the information you dig up on pearson save we a lot of time . wilson good . edward we be prosecute . . wilson you will win . edward this be personal , not business . so think about it . you might not want to take it on . but I need someone I can trust . I want you to follow somebody . ( hesitates , then with difficulty ) I want you to follow my wife . a long moment of silence . wilson tell I what you already know . edward only what my instinct tell I . wilson you could be wrong . _ edward I hope I be . I want to know what she do when she come to the city . where she gee . whom she see . Wilson think a moment . choose he word carefully . wilson I have see this before a lot . and I have never see anything good come from know , you could let it play itself we . '' 59 . 79 ( continued ) 73 80 gt 03/12/01 60 . " continued : ( 2 ) 79 edward no . I want to know . wilson what if I tell you I find nothing ? Edward turn to he . edward j I want the truth . '' a long shot of the two of they from behind . | int . kitchen - later . 80 Charlie sit on the kitchen island , break green bean and plopping they in a pot . as he work , connie rush : back and forth , try to throw a nice dinner together . a large pot of pasta boil over . charlie ( solemn ) it 's boil , mom. connie ( frantic ) watch it ! she grab the pot and pull it off the fire . then , she hand full of silverware , she shove the dog out of she path with she foot . she throw fork and knife on the table . on the stove , smoke start to come from a pan . charlie ( solemn ) it 's burn , Mom . connie shit ! Charlie 's surprised by she language . she grab the pan , throw it in the sink . it fizhes on contact with the water . int . dine room - evening 81 the family at dinner . the mood be tense . Silent . then : connie a the chicken 's little dry . I be sorry . 6 . ( continued ) 82 continued : a beat . 03/12/01 61 . 81 edward it 's fine . [ beat ] I have to go to Chicago tomorrow . . cornie why ? edward to meet with Mike levy . | connie how jong will you be go ? } : edward i not long . maybe a night . ee , connie eat you carrot , Charlie . charlie I can not swallow they . edward eat you vegetable , Charlie . - connie Sarah ewing 's daughter 's get marry to danet benaski 's son . do you see the announcement ? 4 edward no. charlie nsensing the tension ) I be never get marry . connie why not ? charlie I hate girl . connte maybe you will get to like they as you grow older . that happen sometimes . charlie towo not . - {continued} ei 03/12/01 62. continued : ( 2 ) edward I fire Bill Stone today . connie be that what 's bother you ? edward nothing 's bother I . l connie j why have you fire he ? edward , he 's not accountable . I can not trust he . , ( beat ) just in case you run into dolly , you will know . charlie what 's accountable ? be it like people who eat people ? connie ( relieved at the break in the conversation ) that 's cannibal , honey . charlie {hurt ) well , I do not know . connie I be sorry . I do not mean to make fun of you . charlie you laugh ! how do I know what it mean ? I be only seven ! he burst into tear and run from the room . a long silence . then connie start to get up to go talk to he . but Edward get up faster . edward I all go . he 's mad at you , he leave the room . she wait a beat , then get up and scrape the dry chicken loudly into the dog 's bowl . 81 Fe , 03/12/01 63. int . bedroom - night oc oc she fold st Edward watch she . she cross back and forth in front of he . her - body language be tense and slightly awkward . she look up at he . smile . t connie what time 's you plane ? edward eight . want to come ? connie I have get so much to do . besides , you x11 be work . edward come on -- Chicago . we can stay at that place again , next to the long thing . i’1l blow off a meeting . we will get bundle up , walk the Loop , then go back and warm each other up . what do you say ? connte that sound great . but maybe we should wait till after Easter . when thing settle down . {beat} okay ? she head to the dresser . the drawer scrape as she open it . as she pull out a scarf , she notice the scratch on her hand that she get in the alley with Paul . she pull she cuff down , to cover it , so Edward can not see it . connie ( cont 'd ) you will need this . suppose to be cold . [ beat ] what time be you leave ? edward I tell you . eight . connie oh , right . I mean , do you need a ride ? edward no. she pass by he , close . 3 ( continued ) 82 ea & 2 83 b4 85 86 87 03/12/01 64 . continued : 82 edward ( cont ’d ) you smell like cigarettes . connze : the train be pack . I have to sit in | the bar car . '' close on Edward . watch she . connie look up , connie ( cont 'd ) ; what ? nothing . : int , bathroom — early morning 83 dress to go , Edward put he toothbrush in he dopp kit . int . connie 's dressing room - early morning 84 Edward walk through she dress room on he way back to the bedroom , he stop , stare at connie 's dresser . he open a drawer , look through it . her jewelry . he look at it , not quite know what he 's search for . open another drawer . on top be some new lingerie with the tag still on it . for a long moment he stare at it . then he shut the drawer . int . bedroom - early morning a5 connie be asleep . Edward 's pack bag be in the doorway . he lean down by the bed and kiss she . he look at she for a long beat . then he leave . her eye flick open . int . connien dressing room - morning 86 she get out of the shower . drying off . open she drawer and take out the new lingerie . pull off the sale tag . int . edward 's chicago HOTEL suite - day 87 Edward shave . intercut between : Edward dress and connie dress . she prepare for a assignation , and he for a business meeting . bt time she seem to be finish he movement , and he hers . 88 bg 90 91 92 03/12/01 65 . int . HOTEL suite - live room - morning 88 four busine include Edward , coffee , muffins , ete. cn a table . the off . Edward seem distract . lcok at he watch . in a moment , he stand up . | edward { Excuse I . I have a call I have to make . walk to the bedroom . i int ] HOTEL suite bedroom - continuous 89 move to the phone , consider it . finally pick it up , dial . int . sumner kitchen - day 30 phone ring . lupe answer it . lupe hello ? edward lupe , it 's Edward . be connie there ? lupe she just leave . maybe I can catch she . you want I to try ? edward yes. please . lupe hold on . I be carry the phone . here I go . you be already in Chicago ? she carry the phone , move quickly through the kitchen into the int . garage a 1 connie 's car have back out into the street . lupe Mrs. connie ! Mrs. connie ! int . connie 's car - day 92 move away from the house . she lock at she rear-view mirror . see - lupe in the driveway , wave the phone at ner . she choose to ignore it . continue away . . vot a ( continued ) 92 93 94 95 03/12/01 66 . continued : $ 2 back to lupe - intercut with edward lupe > oooh , I be serry , Mr. Edward , I just | miss she . I think she see I , but I | guess not . - edward do she say where she be go ? lupe : I do not know . maybe the city . she be dress for the city . int . edward 's HOTEL room - day 93 he hang up . ready to go back to the meeting . change he mind . move back to the phone again . int . connie 's toyota - day 94 she 's on she carphone . connie I be on my way . paul ( 0.s. , on the phone ) what be you wear ? she look down at she knee . connie my black skirt . you ? int . paul' aprlrtment - day - intercut with connie 35 Paul sit at he desk , do paperwork , fully dress . paul I be in the shower . there 's a beep on the phone . call wait . connie hold that think . I have get a call . she push the flash button . connie ( cont 'd ) hello ?... Edward ! be 36 03/12/01 int . connie' car / edward HOTEL bedroom - intercut~day edward . yeah . it 's I . you okay ? connie yes . yes . be something wrong ? edward for { I be just look at my schedule . that dinner , you know , with josh and Tracy . if it 's tomorrow night , I do not think I will be back . { } connie ' it 's Saturday . I be sure I tell Lindsay that . edward you probably do . I get my date mix up , that 's all . connie how be it there ? edward freeze . good you do not come . how 's Charlie ? connie still worried about be a dumb bunny . edward be not we all ? edward ( cont ’d ) you be go in ? connie no , just errand around town -- hello ? hello ? I be lose you . can you hear I ? the connection be very crackly . edward barely . 67 . 96 she laugh . he do not . she 's approach the train station parking lot . ( continued ) 96 a i 97 98 a 03/12/01 68 . continued : 96 connie I have still get somé loose end for the auction , I might go in . maybe iwill . - edward well , good . that 's good . connie Edward . you okay ? : edward yeah . {beat ) be careful , con . and the line go dead . Edward look at the phone . then hear hearty laughter from the other room . a movie screen ( in a SMALL art house ) 37 * we be watch a black - and - white french film -- '' Mr. hulot 's * holiday '' . french dialogue with subtitles . '' int . movie theater - day 98 * Paul 's silhouette , with a bag of popcorn , fill the theater * entrance . connie have a aisle seat . the theater be empty except for a man a few row behind she , fast asleep with he mouth open , * suddenly Paul be next to connie . he look at the empty row of seat and indicate the seat next to she . * paul * this seat take ? she look up . wait a moment . then : connie yes , it be . he like that . indicate a seat two away from she . paul * that one ? connie no . he move past she to the second seat . he sit , watch the film run a moment , extend he popcorn to she . connie ( cont ’d ) no , thank you . q ( continued ) 3e 03/12/03 69 . continued : 38 paul have you see this filn ? > conkie six time . i paul six . what bring you back ? i connie I like the little boat ride scene . ( | | they watch a few moment . then , slowly , he reach for she knee . touches it . i paul ' I , too , like the boat ride . she do not move . he glide to the seat next to she . they watch the film . slowly , he slide she skirt above she knee . his hand move up she leg . they both continue to stare at the screen . the movie 's voice continue . she close she eye . he turm and lock around . no one there except the sleep man far off to the right . his hand move beneath she thigh . he lift she leg over the arm of the seat . he sit forward , take off he jacket , fold it , put it behind she to cushion she . then , quite gracefully , he slide to the floor and onto he knee . he kiss she knee . connie . you be miss the best part . paul mmmm . he unzip he pants , lower they , move he head between she leg . she bite she lip . then he move up and over she . he kiss she mouth , she face . he nush closer . her eye wide . he be in she now , not move . she stroke he hair . paul ( cont ' D ) I love this movie . connie uh-huh ... shot - the movie screen . Mr. hulot 's skiff split in half . back to connie and paul ( continued ) 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 03/12/01 70 . continued : [ 2 ) 98 the popcorn spill . from connie we hear a sigh of pleasure . then the passion we hear on the screen seem to explode , and they come together . they do not move . they can not . connie open she eye . they stare at one another , then start to lauch , try to muffle it . i ext . movie theater - day io bundle up , they exit happily from the theater , like two / young lover . click !! | ext . STREET in front of theater - day | i100 Wilson be at the street corner . he 's just take they picture . ' int . paul 's apartment - kitchen - afternoon 102 Signs of a pizza eat . some half - empty glass of wine on the kitchen table . coat and scarve hang over chair . the camera move slowly through the apartment toward the live room 102 Paul and connie undress , asleep on the sofa . she open she eye . sit up . look at the clock . connie oh my God ! she be up , dress fast . ext . paul' build - day 103 ignoring the parking ticket sit on she windshield , connie jump into the Toyota . a light mist be in the air . ext . street of new york - day 104 frantic , she drive to get Charlie . her windshield mist up . she turn on the wiper . whish , whish . the parking ticket be smear back and forth across she vision . she open the window , reach , try to catch it , can not . ext . school parking lot - day 105 the last car pull out as connie race in . Charlie sit under the awning om he backpack , all alone except for a very . gxuempy teecher . the Toyota pull up . connie jump out of the car . & ( continued ) 105 106 03/12/01 71 . continued : 105 connie ( to the teacher , on the - run} I be sorry . traffic . - she grab Charlie and hold he tight . connie ( cont 'd ) | I be so sorry , honey . { charlie ( angry ) okay , okay . I know . " connie {still hugging he ) you must have be so worried . charlie stop , Mom . people can see . connie let go . he shuffles off , head down , toward the car . int . toyota - moment later 106 as they drive , Charlie will not look at she . connie how be school , honey ? charlie {sullen ) Fine . connie ( after a beat ) what be the best part ? Charlie look up at he mother , but then he notice something we have not see . charlie Mom -- you have popcerm in you hair . connie be flustered . she try to make light of it as she pull it out . connie how do that get there ? out of the bag ! Charlie pull it out an¢ eat it . must have j umped ( continued ) 03/12/01 72 . 206 continued : 106 charlie get any more ? connie nope . how about a Big Mac ? | | | 107 int . sumner house - kitchen - night 107 * | close on : the debris from a McDonald 's dinner strewn across the kitchen table . wrapper , Coke cup , a happy meal ( '' container with a toy and its wrapping . if Charlie 's already go to bed . connie enter wearily , hold he baseball mitt . she sit down at the table , put down the glove . look at she son 's glove , at the happy meal . '' she burst into tear . a breakdown . the dog look up from its bowl . she dig into she bag , find a pack of cigarettes , and light one . slowly , with the help of the cigarette , she come out of it , remorse etched in she feature . she stand , pull the phone to the table , start to punch a number . as she do , she start to cry again . she be face the wall . we do not see she face , a sound . charlie Mom ... we crash in on she as she whirl to see Charlie in the doorway in he floppy pajamas . frantically , she stub out the cigarette , hang up the phone and try to adjust herself , the lock on she face , so that he can not see that she 's be cry . connie you be suppose to be asleep , honey . charlie zi could not sleep . you be cry , Mom . connie no , honey . I be just a littie sad . she go to he . connie ( cont 'd ) come on , sweetie . let 's go back to bed . boge ae she take he hand . as they exit ... 4 ( continued } 107 108 103 03/12/01 73. continued : 107 charlie do not be sad , Mom . dad ’1ll be back tomorrow . . fade we ext , the sumner live room - day 108 on Edward , who have hook he video camera up to the tv , and be filming connie and Charlie . i the_image_anpear simultaneously on the tv_sereen . Charlie be on connie 's lap ; she 's help he read a treehouse mystery Book : " vacation under the volcano " { ' '' charlie '' Jack reach into he ...* he stall , stump on a word . connie ( help he out ) '' drawer '' charlie '' he drawer and take out he secret -~ " connte thelping again ) '' library * charlie '' library card . '' the phone ring . a quarter - beat too fast : connie I will get it . she half - think it 's Paul . but Edward , hearing the tension in she voice , put down the camera and go into the hallway to get the phone before she can . int . sumner house - hallway - day 109 Edward pick up the phone . he can not see or be see by connie and Charlie , but he can see the tv . the way he put down the camera have leave a oblique image of connie and Charlie on the tv screen . he watch connie 's expression as he answer the phone . edward ( 0.5 . ) hello ? helio ? ( continued ) 109 110 i10d 03/12/01 74 . continued : 109 no one there . Edward look at the tv screen , at connie 's face . Charlie be still in she lap , try to read , but instead of listen to he , she 's look nervously toward the hallway . we push in on she anxious expression on the tv screen and , at the same time , push in on Edward , heartbroken , watch she face as it confirm all he fear . finally , I aiter what feel like a etermity of deep sorrow : edward ( cont 'd ) ; no one 's there . 1 he hang up the phone . | ext . the little park - day : 110 * the same shot as before , but this time there be no child in the playground . again , we be look at a man sit on a bench , but as we come around this time , we discover that it 's Edward . Wilson sit down next to he and begin to talk . wilson his name be Paul martel . he life at 433 , mercer Street , apartment 3 . -- * as Wilson hand Edward a manila envelope , a jackhammer start * fearby , drown out all conversation . as Wilson 's mouth flap away , Edward pull out the photograph , look at they . wilson ( cont ’d ) ( inaudible ) he busy and sell thing . book , mostly . Night , he 's out . very busy cuy . seem to have money . not sure where it come * from . she see he during the day . * usually go around lunchtime , stay about two hour , maybe three . connie go toward paul' build 110a * connie leaving the build 110b angle from below of paul ‘s window and flower pot 110 '' * the jackhammer stop . there 's quiet . Edward stare at the * last photograph . connie and paul cuddle together , leaving the movie theaterli0 od * edward they go to the movie ? cs {continued ) 4 110d aii 03/12/01 75 . continued : 110d wilson they do that day . otherwise they be in he apartment . for a long beat , Edward do not speak . then , in a effort to preserve he dignity , he stand , clear he throat . : edward I appreciate you do this . what de owe you ? ht Wilson open he briefcase and take out another envelope . he stand up , walk to Edward , and hand it to he . wilson i here 's my bill , my receipt . I also include the negative . Edward nod , look at the bill . he take out he wallet , count out several hundred - dollar bill , and hand they to Wilson . wilson ( cont 'o D ) ( with feel ) i '' sorry . he wait a beat , then turn and leave . Edward sit back down , sagging . he stare out into the cold , empty park . int . supermarket - day iit connie absently throw groceries into a shopping cart . she start to cry . the muzak play . she push she cart through the aisle , weep . she head for the checkout counter . ext . connie 's toyota - moving - day - rain 112 her face through the windshield . the wiper go . the windshield misty with condensation . she look rag . she 's head home . she pick up she phone and dial . a busy signal . her Pov : she see the sign for the sawmill Parkway onramp . almost pass it . a spur-of - the-moment decision . she swerve erazily onto the ramp , over the plastic lane divider . the lane divider rat -a- tat against the underside of she car . orange spill out of a bag of grocery and tumble onto the floor . she gun the Toyota down the freeway . HH pe one 115 03/12/01 76 . ext./ int . connie 's toyota - moving - highway - day - rain 113 connie drive like a madman , swerving in and out of car . she dial she phone again . connie where be you ? pick up ! | ' | | int , edward office - day 1s é i angle past he as he stand at the window at he desk . | it 's pour rain . Lindsay enter . lindsay , you wife ask I to remind you about Charlie 's play tonight . Seven o'clock . deeply preoccupy , Edward barely register the news . lindsay ( cont 'd ) and Howard 's office just call . he have to cancel today . I reschedule he for Monday . she come into the office , to put some papers on he desk . her hand linger on he desk . he look at it rest there . she notice he watch , like the attention . do not move she hand . lindsay ( cont ’d ) you want I to order you some lunch ? : edward hm ? oh , yeah , that have be -- well , maybe not . maybe I '1 ] take a walk . he head for he door . lindsay do not forget this . she hand he he umbrella . he take it and leave , ext . / int . connie ’'s toyota - new york STREET - day - rain 115 connie maneuver the car down Paul 's street , look for a parking spot . and then she see -- Paul ! with he arm around @ woman , they be huddie together with she under one rain poncho . they look cozy , intimate . as connie stare , they disappear into a book store . ( continued ) ere * 115 116 117 03/12/01 77 . continued : 115 mesmerized , connie search for a place to park . she see a parking lot up ahead and swerve into it . she get out of the car and head right for the store . : lot attendant 1 hey , lady ! i connie hardly notice . i | lot attendant ( cont 'd ) I need ! you key ! she throw they to the attendant and rush down the street to the bookstore . int . bookstore ~ day 116 connie enter , wet from the rain . she look around . all she see be row and row of old , dusty book . she head down one aisle , almost stealthily . turn up another . finally , she round the end of another aisle and see they at the end of it . Paul be show the woman a book . as connie watch , Paul wipe a slip of wet hair from the woman 's forehead . it 's a small gesture , but it imply a great intimacy . connie 's face go dark . she barrel down the aisle toward they . they look up and see she come -- paul x connie ? what be you -- and connie lunge for he , flail at he . Paul try to fend she off . connie who be she ? who be she , Paul ? woman who be I ? Jesus , who the hell be you ? what do you think you be -- connie lunge for the woman , pull she hair . the woman shriek . Paul try to pull she off . ext . new york street - day - rain 117 Edward , wear he raincoat , walk downtown . he wander , sad , lose , seemingly with no conscious destination . he stop in front of a giant video screen . se ( continued ) 03/12/01 78 , continued : 117 silhouett against the bright image , we see he reach into he pocket and pull out the photograph that Wilson have give he and the slip of paper with Paul 's address . he stop for a moment , look at Paul 's address . the rain wet the paper . 118 int . paul 's loft - hallway - day ( 128 | connie and Paul be in the elevator , in the middle of a i argument . she 's pace like a cage animal . connie 's wet | from the rain . ; ' connie '' i how many be there ? five ? ten ? ... the elevator door open . Paul step off the elevator . she stay behind . : connie ( cont 'd ) . what be I , the Monday one ? do I get my day wrong ? paul connie , relax . she 's just a friend , for Christ 's sake . he take off he shirt and dry himself off . connie you be a fuck liar . he turn back to she , confront she . paul me? i be the liar ? she stall , then start to fall apart . connie oh , God . what 's wrong with I ? ( more to herself than to he ) I can not do this any more . it 's kill I . she start to push the big elevator door close . but Paul xveaches in and hold the door , so she can not shut it . paul Fine . go back to scarsdale ... she try to push the door close ; he foree it open . ya {continued} re 19 03/12/01 79 . continued : 118 paul ( cont ’d ) . * ... take you tennis lesson and drive you car pool -- - she get out cf the elevator and head for the hallway , to | leave by the stair . : connie ; fuck you . t he follow she out into the hallway . paul * -- that will make you happy -- connie puck you . she haul off and hit he . he grab she arm . kiss she . connie ( cont 'd ) no. stop . it 's over . it 's over . he 's undress she . she pull away , fight he . he be still kissing she , undoing she jeans . she 's cry , tear of rage . connie ( cont 'd ) I hate you . paul ' 7 I know . he kiss she , hard . she moan , kiss he back . they be strucgle , wrestle . then he 's inside she , against the wall . ext , paul' build ~ wide shot - day - rain 113 * the follow sequence ( exterior only ) be a single , wide , locked - off shot . Edward walk around a corner . he look up at the street sign . it 's Paul 's street . he 's at the corner where it all begin . * he look toward Paul 's building . curious , he start toward * it . we know that connie be still inside . for a long moment , he gaze up at the building , lose in think , not sure what to do . I 120 121 122 123 124 03/12/01 80 . int . paul be apartment - day - same 120 Paul be carry a glass of water out into the hallway where connie be . as he pass the window , he glance out . a man he do not know ( Edward ) be look up at he building . Paul | hesitates , then move toward the door , inp . the hallway - day - same 12a connie sit on the top stair , she coat wrap around she shoulder . her clothes , include she swrater , be on the corridor floor nearby . from inside he apartment , Paul come out . and bring she the glass of water . paul | you can drink it , pour it on I , whatever . she take the water and glug it down like a child . Paul sit down on the step next to she . they sit there , side - by-side , say nothing . ext . paul 's build - wide shot - day 122 Edward stop gaze at the building . he waik pensively down the street and disappear around the corner . we linger for a moment on the empty street . the front door of Paul 's building open , and connie run down the step , she head down the street , toward she car . just as she disappear around the corner at one end of the block , Edward come back around another corner . they almost overlap . Edward look up at Paul 's apartment again . int . paul be apartment - day - same l223 wearing pants but no shirt , and nothing on he foot , Paul notice connie 's sweater on the floor . she 's leave it behind . he pick it up . thinks about go after she , but realize it 's too late . he hang it on a hook . ext . parking lot - day - same 124 connie be on the phone , watch anxiously as she car descend slowly from the upper level of a bi-level parking elevator . connie Tracy , I be run late . i'1 ] 1 be there soon , ...'e , T /m okay . I be fine ... I / il be there . ( continued ) ne for be to = 126 03/12/01 81 . continued : 124 she hang up and look back to she car , try to will it to descend faster . we stay on she troubled face . ext . paul be build - day - continuous 125 * Edward stare up at the apartment again , at the window , at | the flower pot . he edge closer to it , crossing the street , fascinate . t { ; a older man come out , carry a suitcase . he 's have trouble with the door . Edward go up the step and help he . : older man thanks . : Edward nod , still hold the door , watch the older man go down the step . then he look at the buzzer and see : martel 3 . * int . hallway - day 126 close on the 3 on Paul 's door . Edward stand in front of it * for a long time . then , make up he mind , he knock . silence . finally the door open to reveal Paul -- dress but * tousle and barefoot . the two stranger stare at each other . paul . * yes ? - Edward be take aback by he youth . edward you be Paul martel ? * paul * yes . Edward stare at this handsome youth before he . edward how old be you ? paul * who be you ? . edward Edward sumner . be Paul stare at he . y ? ( continued ) 126 127 ' another awkward beat . they just stand there . 03/12/01 82 . continued : 126 edward ( cont ’d ) connie 's husband . paul | nstun } oh .... shit . ; | ' edward May I come in ? ! { paul } uh /... okay . : Edward walk past he , into the loft . int . paul ‘s apartment - day 127 Edward enter , look around at the unusual space . take off he coat . paul um Paul reach for Edward 's coat . Edward give it to he . Paul hang it on a hook by the door . connie 's sweater be on the hook . Paul hang the coat over it . Edward walk quietly into the apartment , take the place in . he do not say a word . his footstep sound on the wooden floor . Paul follow uneasily , at a distance . Edward pick up a book , look at it , put it down . Paul watch he apprehensively . finally , paul ( cont 'd ) do you ... want to sit down ? edward no , thank you . Edward stand in the middle of the sit area -- occupy it . paul would you like a drink ? it 's early , but ... Z think this qualify . edward why not ? ene ( continued ) 03/12/01 83. 127 ) continued : 127 paul 's * I have scotch , vodka ... edward oh , vodka , be it cold ? : paul i * yes . I keep it in the freezer . | edward so do I . at home . Paul look at he , then go . Edward watch he . * 128 int . kitchen - day - continuous 128 Paul take vodka from the freezer and get two glass . he glance at a kitchen knife on the counter . 129 int . paul' sitting room - day - continuous 129 * Paul return and pour the vodka . his hand a bit unsteady . he hold up the glass to say , '' cheer , '' but then think better of it and take a sip . Edward watch hin , they conversation move in fit and start . everything feel tense , off-balance . anything could happen . when Edward speak , it 's with a force casualness . edward so tell I -- how do you meet my wife ? paul um ... by accident . on the street . there be a windstorm , she hurt she knee . edward : oh , you be he . paul she tell you about that ? edward yes . a long , awkward beat . edward ( cont ‘d ) so. how 's it go ? stele &e { continued } 129 03/12/01 84 . continued : 123 the forthrightness of the question throw Paul . he 's silent for a beat , stun . then , feel he have to say something : paul > um ... fine . I mean -- okay . Edward look around the place -- the sofa , the chair ... edward . i this be where you meet ? { : paul i yes. { ! edward ! ( look around ) she like it here ? paul I guess . she never complain . Edward look at he . Paul immediately regret say it . Edward look out the window . edward do you stay in all the time ? or do you go out too ? paul {to he back ) . sometimes , yeah , we go out . ' edward . and she like that ? she like this neighborhood ? Paul do not like be subtly bully like this . he respond , a little emboldene . paul yeah . more exciting than the suburb , if guess . Edward hear the boldness rise in Paul 's voice . he turn and look Paul in the eye . edward do you know we have be marry ten year ? we have a son . paul | - oe yes . she tell I . y ? ( continued } 03/12/01 es. continued : ( 2 ) 129 a uncomfortable pause . Paul pour himself some more vodka . then offer more to Edward , paul ( cont 'd ) more ? edward yes , please . i Paul pour . another adng pause . he 's the réason we move out of the city . connie think it would be better for ‘him , | edward { cont ' D} . paul she tell I it be you idea . edward you talk about I ? a long pause . paul ( squirming ) not really . Paul fiddle with he drink . Edward walk away from he , help himself to a look around the place . he pace toward the stack of book that act as a partition between the bed and the rest of the apartment . Paul follow he . edward B lot of book , paul a lot of buy and sell . that 's what I do . as Edward go around the book , the unmade bed come into view . Edward see it and stop , take by surprise . Paul see Edward see it . a excruciate moment . then Edward 's eye drift to the windy City snow globe sit on the nightstand next to the bed . he deflate . he go to it , pick it up . it start to snow . paul ( cont ‘d ) ( disparage ) you like that ? rad ( continued ) 03/12/01 86 . 129 continued : ( 3 ) 129 no edward ( shattered ) where do you get this ? - paul it be a gift . edward rom she . of course it be , but it 's too awkward to admit . so Paul do not answer . almost by rote , Edward twist something on the bottom of the globe 's base . it play a tune . paul oh , I do not know it do that . Edward sink onto the bed , all the stuff have be knock out of he . the tune will continue , turn into score and become increasingly jarring as the scene go on . edward ( quietly , to himself ) why would she do that ? 4 paul aan I do not know , I guess she want to buy I something . edward she do not buy it for you . I give it to she . edwarc sag . edward ( cont 'd ) ( almost to himself ) I can not do this . paul what ? edward I do not feel well . Edward stand , woozy , still hold the snow globe . concerned , Paul come closer . he 's now very close to he . paul '' you want some water ? rp ( continued ) 130 131 03/12/01 87 . continued : ( 4 ) 129 Edward stare at the snow globe in he hand . it continue to snow and play its tune . edward no -- i suddenly , without warning , Edward turn and bring the globe : down with great force on Paul 's head . '' for one agonizing moment , nothing happen , the man stare at each other . there be a look of ; bewilderment on Paul 's face . then a curtain of blood descerid from Paul ' 's head . Paul look down . blood be drip on nis shoe , on the floor . horrify , he put he hand to he head , then look into he paim . it be red . he look back at Edward , then stagger and fall into a stack of book . the book topple , and Paul go down with they . blood seep from he head across the floor , stain the book throw there . finally it soak into the '' Little Prince 's first edition . the original dustjacket turn red . Edward look at Paul lie there , motionless , with glaze , open eye . then at the snow globe . his hand shake . the music slow and stop in mid-phrase . a few last snowflake fall . Edward back up to a chair . he collapse into it , stare at Paul 's lifeless body . it become unbearable to look at . he get up , grab a sheet from the wall ( one of the sculiptor 's ) and throw it over Paul . he step back , sit back down . as he watch , to he horror , blood frem Paul 's face start to seep through the sheet . Paul 's feature start to appear . Edward look away . int . bathroom - day 130 Edward turn on the faucet and wash the blood off the globe . he dry it with a hand towel , then move , still hold the towel and the globe , to the scene of the crime 131 he look at the body . check for a pulse . then he step back to the sit area and sit , face the body . he notice he vodka , finish it . close - up - the phone Edward start to dial . he push $ , i- ~ - and then have second thought . he hang up the phone . & ( continued ) a a i3i 133 03/12/01 88 . continued : 131 he look at the glass in he hand . wipe it with the towel . he survey the scene . Edward 's Pov : the topple book , the body under the bloody sheet . : ecward look beck at the body . then , decisively , he go to , he raincoat , put the snow globe in the pocket , and come | back to the hody . he pick up the glass of vodka and bottle and move into the kitchen i 132 go to the refrigerator . open it to put the vodka away . then , remember , close the fridge , open the freezer , wipe fingerprint off the vodka bottle and wedge it inside . he wipe the’ handle of the refrigerator and freezer . he wash the glass . wipe off fingerprint . wash he hand with a bar of soap , over and over , when suddenly -- clank ! ! his wedding ring slip off and clatter down the disposal . he reach in , try to get it . can not . roll up he sleeve , reach , reach ... uhhh ... get it . slowly , carefully , he bring it out . his hand , graze , bleed a little . he suck at it for a moment . he wipe off the faucet with the towel , wrap the soap in a washcloth , put it in he suitjacket pocket . use the towel to put everything away . wipe the cabinet knob , then return to : sitting room 133 he look at the body . he notice the light blink on Paul 's answer machine . he punch a button . answering machine you have two message . message one . female voice Paul , I have get the William Dean howell , okay condition , a little stain . but it 's a first first . so call I . oh. this be Leslie . call I . bye . beep . answering machine message two . male voice hi , Paul . this be Mike . suddenly the phone ring ! Edward stare at it . the ( continued ) * 134 135 03/12/01 89 . continued : 133 male voice ( cont 's D} I be come in Tuesday , not Monday , so we can not have dinner Monday night .... : the phone ring again ! Edward 's hand hover frantically above the answer machine . he almost push the rewind button , ' then the on - off . the phone ring again ! finally Edward hit the stop button . there be a click . after a eternity , another click . ; paul nos voice you have get Paul martel . leave a message , I ' 11 call you back . ~~ beep connie ( 0.s. ) hi , it 's I . listen ... I do not like say this to you machine , but ... Edward listen to he wife talk to she lover , listen as she try to end the affair that have cause he to kill a connie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) -.. I have 's to end this . she sob for a moment . Edward be stunne . connie ( o.s.} ( cont 'd ) ..- I just -- I can not do it any more . I can not live like this . I be so tired of lie . I hope ... I do not know what I hope . I be sorry . [ long beat ] bye . she start the cry , then hang up . Edward be stone still . then he blink . he look down at Paul as the camera track back away from he . hallway - linen closet 134 Edward open it with a towel . take out sheet , go back to : scene of the crime ' 135 cover the body with one sheet . thinks . start to rip another sheet . suddenly , there 's a sharp knock on tee door . he 's freeze with terror . I stare , rivete , et the door . three loud knock . bs ft ( continued ) * oa i a 138 139 03/12/01 90 . continued : 135 he do not dare to breathe . then he creep toward the door . reaches for the chain . very quietly , slip the chain cnto it slot . inmediately , two more sharp knock . a Edward stand very near the door , unable to breathe . wait . | finally , a thin ups envelope slide under the door , and he | * hear footstep go back down the stair . he stand very i still for another moment . at last he breathes . sitting room - moment later ' 136 the body be now lie on sheet . Edward pick up the bloodied book . he stick two of they into 's the pocket of Paul 's * jacket . then he pull up Paul 's sweater , and put two more * there . one of they be the bloodsoaked '' Little Prince '' , he '' pull down the sweater and tuck it into Paul 's pants . * he close up the sheet , then roll the body to the edge of a small rug . he wrap the body in the rug and tie it with sheet strip . he wipe up the wood floor . stands . thinks . he bend down to see whether he can lift the rug . it 's a struggle , but he can . he move toward the door . stop . there be blood on he shirt . int . paul be bedroom - moment later 137 * Paul 's closet door open . Edward rummages through some * shirt , pick one out . shove it in he pocket . * int . paul 's apartment - moment later 138 * dress again , he go to Paul 's desk . always use the towel ~ to wipe away print , he find a key ring . put on he raincoat . do not notice connie 's sweater on the hook underneath . go out the door . the door shut . we hear Edward 's footstep on the stair . then only the drip , drip , drip of the faucet . Paul 's body * lie wrap up on the floor . int . school classroom - day 139 some straight pin in she mouth , connie put the finish touch on Charlie 's costume while Charlie stand there , deeply self - conscious . the room be full of other mother do more bunny costume and tree costume . in the b.g. , * some of the kid be practice a song : '' inch by inch 's ( Garden song ) - ct a a 140 run it fa 142 143 144 03/12/01 91 . ext , paul ‘s build - day - rain 140 still raining . udward 's car approach . no parking place . he double park . put on he hazard light . get out , he open he trunk . Inside we see the paraphernalia of a soccer coach cr - ball , orange cone to mark the goal , etc . i | he look around . leave the trunk open , he go back to Paul 's front door and enter the building . int . paul' apartment - day 241 ! Edward enter and shut the door . he drag the body pr the rug over to the freight elevator and shove it in . int . paul 's elevator - day . 142 he shut the big metal door , slide the inner gate close , and move the lever . the elevator start its descent . but halfway down Paul 's floor , there ’s.a clank . and a shudder . the elevator stop move . Edward jimmy the lever back and forth . nothing . the elevator 's stick . shit . . Edward look at the elevator door -- halfway up be the floor to Paul 's loft . he pull open the gate , yank himself up onto the ledge of the floor , and bang on the big metal door to the loft until one open . then he get back down , struggle to force the body in the rug up and out of the elevator again . after a few deep breath , he climb out himself . int . paul' apartment - day : 143 exhausted now , Edward sit down next to the body ( part of which still hang into the elevator ) , breathe heavily . while he catch he breath , we see the elevator slowly start to descend again , Edward do not see it threaten to catch and wedge the end of the rug ( and perhaps Paul 's foot ) in the elevator shaft . finally , just as the elevator graze the edge of the rug , Edward see it move . he jump up , grab the body and pull it back out into the loft , just in time to keep it from get lodge in the elevator . he take a beat , then shuffles backwards with the body and head for the door to the hallway . int . stairway - day 144 strain , he back down the stair , drag the roll no . it bump on the step as it go . Edward sweat . it 's a long stretch . he reach the front door , get it open . 4 % 145 146 147 03/12/01 92 . ext . paul be build - day - rain 145 * the street be desert . with some difficulty , hea hoist the rug over he shoulder . step cut into the rein . move as quickly as he can to : the car ‘s OPEN trunk fdward try the stuff the rug into the trunk , but it will not fit . a passerby stop and stare . Edward look up . the passerby be almost right next to he -- uncomfortably near . passerby { need a hand ? edward no -- just then he notice that a blood - stained book have fall out of the rug~ -- right at the passerby 's foot . the rain mingle with che blood . edward ( cont ’d ) ntry for calm ) .. I '' fine . thanks anyway . passerby no problem . the passerby walk away . Edward watch he . then , quickly , he bend down , grab the book , and slide it into the roll rug . tries to close the trunk . it will not shut . he struggle , bend the rug-- finally get it all the way in . he slam the trunk . sweating , out of breath . he look around . start back toward Paul 's building . then back to the car . light still flashing , he open the hood and leave it propped open . then back into Paul 's building . int . paul ‘s apartment - day 146 Edward enter and close the door . he grab the towel again and climb back into the elevator . int . elevator - day 147 Edward wipe down all the surface of the elevator . 148 149 150 03/12/01 93. int . paul 's apartment - day 148 do a last check . go inte the kitchen , stuff the towel he bloody shirc into a plastic bag , knet it , then scuft the bag into he raincoat . he button he coat up to he neck and head for the door , check , check . on Paul 's desk be a notepad with , among other note to himself , '' connie : 914-555-0103 " , but Edward do not see it . the light be blink on the answer machine . he hit the erase button . | connie 's sweater be etid on the hook , but he do not see it as he leave , shutting | lene door behind he . int . stairway - day 149 at the bottom , he stop dead in the doorway , stare outside . ext . paul be build - day - rain 150 a cop be about to write a ticket on he double - park car . Edward rush out . cop this yours ? edward sorry . i’1ll move it . cop ( indicate the open hood ) why do not I call you a tow ? he reach for he walkie-talkie . edward no . it just overheate . I put some water in it -- it should be ... the cop stare at hin , edward ( cont 'd ) ( talk too fast ) why do not I start it up and see if it 's okay ? he smashes the hood shut , get in the car , and turn it over . he give the cop a nod and zoom away , leave the cop stand there . +4 154 . 155 03/12/01 94 . sertes of shot : the mercede moving throuch new york 151 be uw tw ext . gas station - day the mercede pull in . a wu with int . men ‘s room - day Edward enter , lock the door , throw off he coat , and yank off he tie and shirt . there 's a manic panic-stricken energy to what he do . he turn on the tap and douse he body with water , clean the blood off he chest that have seepe through he shirt . Water splashes onto the floor . he dry himself off with paper towel . as he go to throw they away , he notice the huge trash bin be chock full of paper towel . he start yanking they out of the trash . they rain around he . a seemingly endless fountain of paper towel spill into the room . he grab he shirt and the bloody evidence from he coat pocket and shove it all into the trash bin , then force the paper towel back in . his breath be come in short burst . he take Jack 's shirt from he other pocket , put it on , button it up . but the neck be too small . it barely close . the top button pop off . he rety he tie . pull himself together . he look at himself in the mirror . inspecting . as he push he hair back , he notice a sniall spot of blood on he forehead . he wash it off . when it 's all clean , and the evidence be all go , he look at nimself again . and suddenly , as if from nowhere , a wave cf revulsion overtake he and he vomit into the sink . ext . school parking lot - evening 154 he find a parking space . in the b.g. , a father leave with a cry child dress as a tree . int . school auditorium - evening 155 the play have just begin . Edward enter . connie see he , indicate she 's save he a seat . he make he way down to she , step over a few other parent , mutter he apology . he sit next to connie . connie ( whisper ) where have you be ? & { continued } eee re eee eee ee ee 1s5 03/12/01 95 . continued : i55 dust then the audience laugh , and connie whip she head around to look at the stage . she join in the laughter . she take Edward 's hand . the hand that kill Paul . absently , she begin softiy rub the place where he hand be scratch . he steal a tense glance at she , look for any | sign of suspicion or question . but she mind be on the stage . he look down at they hand , et this tender gesture of hers . Edward be still sweat . with he other ‘hand , he pull out he handkerchief and mop he forehead . connie look over at he . connie { cont ’d ) : ( whisper ) you okay ? he nod . they both turn back to the play . on stage : about 25 first -grader in bunny costume be perform a crudely choreograph number while sing '' dream loud '' and signing the lyric in sign - language . on the lyric , * catch a star from the sky , '' the child all shoot they hand in the air . Charlie and another bunny step forward from the group ( soloist ) . the hood to Charlie 's costume be too big ; it 's flop down over he eye , so he can not see , and the ear be droop , horizontally . u in they seat , connie squeeze Edward 's hand . shoot hima nervous - parent look . other child ( sing ) what 's the sense in dream if you dream be small ? charlie ( sing ) what 's the sense in walk if you do not walk tall ? the rest of the kid chime in with they and continue the song . connie beam as Charlie and the other child move back into the line of bunny and tree . the kid finish , then take clumsy bow to great laughter and applause . we go in close on edward . thee ae * no 03/12/01 96 . 156 ext . school parking lot - night 156 ke Edward , connie , and Charlie stroll toward Edward 's car . other parent and kid in b.g. connte ' ohugge charlie} oh , sweetie , you be spectacular . wasr i’t ihe , Edward ? i ; edward } pe be great . ; connie : I have get to help clean up . 1’11 come kiss you goodnight when I get home . ( to Edward ) glad you make it . tough day ? suddenly , the SOUND of a car be bumped hard . they turn to see : a big expedition have backed into edward mercede , dent the trunk , the driver ( jerry ) get out . they gather at the trunk . '' jerry soe sorry , ed. look like I nail you . in fact , the trunk be partly pop up . but nothing inside can be see . edward it 's fine , Jerry . it 's nothing . jerry better check and see if it close . Jerry move toward it . Edward try to be as relaxed as he can . a few other parent join in . charlie can we call the cop , dad ? can we call the cop ? edward I ' 11 give you a call in the morning . we will ) take care of it tomorrow . charlie do he dent you , dad ? & {continued } 03/12/01 97 . 156 continued : 156 jerry sure you do not want to check the trunk ? ic ' 'o just take a second . eoward j ( abrupt ) | no. he 's short . Jerry and Charlie be a little take aback . : connie try to cover for hin . connie just do not leave the country , Jerry . 157 int . mercede - night | 157 Edward start the car . charlie you gonna sue he , dad ? 158 ext . sumner house - later that niget 158 we see one light on the second floor go out . . 159 int . sumner house staircase - night - moment later i59 ~ Edward be come down the stair . as he reach the downstairs landing , Charlie come out of he room on the second floor and stand at the railing . neither of they can see the other . ' charlie dad ! edward yeah ? charlie be I be the bunny the best part of today ? edward yeah , kiddo . the absolute best . now get back in bed . Mom '1l come in when she get home . Charlie pad back into he room . | Edward wait a moment . then head for the garage . ye 160 03/12/01 98 . int . garage - night 160 ana go to op key . nothing . kis car . suddenly the trunk go up , just as --whirrr !!!-- the carege docr go up ! headlights from connie 's Toyota illuminate he . he quickly slam the trunk . it will not stay shut ! the Toyota pull in alongside he . connie get out . he / finally get the trunk close . } connie : ( be : the trunk ) be it bad ? edward not really . ousher she in ) it 's cold . let 's go in . int . family room - night 161 connie take off she coat . connie be not he adorable ? I just can not get over how sweet he be ... she 's babbling as she get some drink . Edward have not say a word . she bring he a glass . kiss he forehead . connie ( cont ’d ) you be warm . he manage a smile . he hold onto she hand , maybe a little too long . a bit nervously , she click she glass to he . connie ( cont ‘d ) cheer . they drink . connie ( cont 'd ) you be sweat , you be come down with something . {takes he hand ) come on . bring you drink . i‘1l put you to bed . fag {continued } 161 162 165 166 167 168 03/12/01 99 . continued : 161 she lead he to the hallway . they start up the stair . ext . sumner house - night : 162 * the light go cut . i int . bedroom - night 263 on connie' sleeping face , we pan up to find Edward . he be dress in old clothes . he stare down at she . int , kitchen - night 164 Edward go to the freezer , pull out a bottle of vodka . pour himself a drink . downs it . int . garage - night 165 Edward try the trunk , but it will not open . he persist . it open . and there it be , the wrapped corpse . Edward take a step back . stare at it . he look around the garage , find a shovel hang on the wall . he put it in the trunk , close it quietly . he unlock the automatic garage door . then he open it , very quietly , by hand . he sweat with the exertion . ext , STREET - in front of sumner house - night 166 * Edward 's car ' back out and drive away . ext . / int . edward be car - moving - night : 167 he be drive out of town . his face anxious . ext . county dump - night 168 the wind be blow like crazy . because of the whipping gust , layer of trash be flatten into the chain - link fence surround the place . through the mud , Edward 's mercede approach mound of trash and garbage . it stop . Edward back it up to a tower garbage heap . while the wind whip papers and trash around he , Edward get out and go to the trunk . it stick , but he finally get it open . he take out the shovel and dig a space for the body . use he hand to pull away trash . finally he pull the corpse out of the trunk and lay it down in this strange grave . he begin to cover it . ee the time CUT : ( continued ) 168 169 170 1 a '' 172 173 03/12/01 100 . continued : 168 he 's throw piece of furniture and metal over the makeshift grave , along with trash and garbage . his eye catch something that make he pause : a child drawing . it etare up at he , innocent . almost accuse . he go back to the trunk , pull out a rag , wipe the shovel , mo throw the =aql into the heap . he close the trunk and go in the car . H. start it and put it in gear . the wheel spin . more gas . Ani awful spin . the car rock . it 's stick . : on car wheel : they spin in the mud , digging a trench . time CUT : I panicked , Edward dump a armful of trash by the wheel and start to wedge it in front of the tire . on car wheel : they spin again as the engine whine . the debris Edward pack in be send fly . time CUT : Edward search frantically through the dump . he violently rip a board off a break wire fence . int . mercede ~ moment later 169 sweating , he put the car in gear . give it a little gas . ext . county dump ~ night 170 the wheel spin , then catch on the board Edward have wedge in front of they . slowly the car pull out . int . bathroom - night - later 271 Edward shower . he 's wash himself over and over , try to clean everything away . int . bedroom - night - moment later 172 Edward slip into bed with connie . he lie there , eye open . we gradually lighten the room as morning approach . Edward 's eye never close . int . kitchen - that morning 173 Edward enter , look ashen and dishevel . connie oh , my God . ye ( continued ) 03/12/01 101. 173 . continued : 173 1 edward noe what ? connie Charlie , look at daddy and tell I what 's | wrong . | Charlie look he over . Edward be wear one llack shoe and one dark brown one . I charlie ' his shoe . they be different color , almost sleepwalk , Edward get himself some orange juice . connie you look awful . where do you go last night ? I get up and look for you . edward oh. just ... out to get some air . connie you sure you nre okay ? Edward manage a smile . foe edward do you like it here , con ? connie what ? of course I like it here . edward because we do not have to live here . we could move back to the city . she look at he strangely . connie what ? what 's get into you ? be you okay ? edward I be fine , Fine . be you okay ? connie itm fine . we be all fine . and we be not move anywhere . here . have some coffee . she hand Edward a cup . he stare at it . 174 my 's you 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 03/12/01 102. int . car wash - day 174 go through the wash . beyond it , we see , window , Edward 's smeary image , watch the edwarg 's car tnrough the mud run off he car . | | ext . car wash - day 17s Edward watch from a distance as the car wash attendant vacuum out the trunk . int . edward office - day 176 work at he desk , he glance at the clock . nearly 1:00 . ext . paul 's build - day : 177 connie approach . int . paul ‘s hallway - day 178 she knock on he door . no answer . she try again . she dig out she key . int . paul' apartment - day 179 she enter . look around . connie ( call out ) Paul ! 2 % beat . she listen . nothing . she wait a moment , move through the apartment . connie ( cont 'd ) Paul ? int . paul ‘s bedroom - day 180 the bed be not make . she move back to : int . paul 's sitting room - day 181 she notice the empty floor where the rug have be . huh . odd . int . kitchen - day 182 she sit at a table . look at the clock . 1:10 . she take a apple , bite into it . the chew be '' loud in the empty apartment . x 183 be ( 3 ) a 185 186 03/12/01 103. int . edward office ~ day 183 Edward be at he desk , unable to concentrate . look at the clock . it 's 1:12 . Lindsay bring in some lunch , put it on he desk . he stare et it . i int . paul' apartment -— day ibe | | connie wander off . she take off she coat , hang it on the hook , kitchen 185 | the clock read 1:20 . connie she lay she key on the table , and write Paul a note : dear Paul , here 's you key . I '' sorry you be not here . I want to say good-bye . I wish you the best . Love , cc she go to the door . take she coat from the hook and put it back on . then just as she 's about to go , she notice she sweater on the hook . she take it and leave . int . sumner dine room - evening 186 at dinner . Edward and connie sit there in they own world -- both half~there , both play with they food . the. room be blankete in a awkward formality , a stiffness . edward how be you meeting ? connie okay . the usual stuff . edward do you get some lunch ? connie I have a apple . he look at she . charlie I can name ali the state . meee edward . oo . . ae I can not . can you , con ? _ 4 ( continued ) 186 ro 187 188 189 03/12/01 104 , continued : 186 for a beat , she do not register the question . connie . oh ? probably not . charlie California , Florida ... edward { forty -eight to go . { ' | charlie | New York , New Jersey 4 .. New . ./. New ... edward ! : ( hint ) hamp ... charlie I know it ! do not tell I ! Edward look at connie . she 's barely there . charlie ( cont ’d ) New Hampshire ... Texas ... int . bedroom - night - later 187 Edward shoot out of bed , eye wide , breathe hard , almost grunt . he stand in the middle of the bedroom . terrify . Edward look over at connie , asleep in the bed . tries to quiet he pound heart . a co will int . train station , ardsley-on -hudson - next morning it 's drizzle . Edward and everyone else have they umbrella up as the train pull in . all the umbrella go down as the commuter stream on board . int . the train - day 189 Edward stare out the window . suddenly he flash on : the snow globe smash Paul 's head . Paul stare at he . the curtain of blood come down he face , his stare eye . back to the train . Edward , he face pale and clammy . be au . 190 192 i93 03/12/01 105 . int . connie' dressing room - day 190 connie be hook on some earring . she spot the Omar khayyam book on she bookshelf . stare at it , a little scere , ef it . she take it from the bookshelf and , with finality , ! throw it in she trash and go back to put on the earring . but she see the book stare up at she . she i take it out of the garbage and head downstairs with it . : int . sumner house - front hall - day 1921 i ag she head downstairs she hear a car door slam outside . stle peer out the window . her Pov - driveway a ardsley Police car have escort a unmark car to the sumner ' house . two men have just get out of a the unmark car and be walk toward the front door . we hear the crackling and voice of a police radio . the dog begin to bark . as she continue downstairs , Charlie burst in . charlie cop be here , Mom . what do they want ? connie I do not know . I be sure it 's nothing . int . stair - day : 192 connie and Charlie go downstairs . charlie nypd , Mom . lupe be wait at the bottom . lupe two gentleman , Mrs. connie . connie I know , lupe . Charlie , go in the kitchen . lupe will get you something to eat . lupe take Charlie 's hand and they go off . int . sumner live room - day 193 connie enter to find two policemen--dern and mirojnick ~- wait . mirojnick study the collection of snow glcbe . a ( continued ) 03/12/01 106. 193 continued : 193 i dean ne Mrs. sumner ? * connie yes . can I help you ? dean ( display he badge ) I be detective Dean and this be detective , * mirojnick . New York City Police { Department . 1 | connie : } what be it ? have something happen --? dean do you know a Paul martel ? connie ( too quickly ) yes .... not very well . why ? the book suddenly feel very large and obvious in she hand . dean do you know where he be ? connie ( squirming ) no . at home , I imagine . mirojnick know where he life ? connie uhh ... se hs , be not it ? dean you name and number be on he desk . connie oh ... have he do something wrong ? dean we do not know . he 's be report miss by he family . his wife do not know where he be . connie {thrown ) I do not know he be marry . a the 03/12/01 107 . 193 continued : ( 2 ) 193 behind her , Charlie peer around the corner , chew on a — giece of apple . he 's fascinate by the police . separate . nen gid you see he lasc ? i connie | ( flustered ) i I ... I could not say . I can not remember . : ( beat ) really , I barely know he at all . he 's a book dealer . iI want to buy some book from he . mirojnick and do you ? connie no . not yet . a long beat . they wait . connie ( cont ’d ) be he all right ? do you think something happen to he ? dean it 's hard to say at this point . we be work on it . nstepp toward the door ) Nice place you get here . connie thank you . mirojnick I like this snow glass thing . my kid have a few . he pick one up , weigh it in he hand . dean ( hand she he card ) if you hear from Mr. martel , let we know . connie yes , I will . of course . she manage a helpful smile . po 03/12/01 108. 194 hallway 194 ne she see they out the door . they say goodbye and leave . she close the door . stands still , then go to the 195 kitchen and bury the Omar khayyam book in the garbage . 196 int . mario' pizza > night 196 close on a pizza make its way to the booth , where connie , Edward , and Charlie dre sit . the waiter set it down and disappear . Edward start cut it with the slicer . charlie hey , dad . cop come to we house today . Edward look up sharply . his slice pause for a moment , then resume , more tensely . the slicer squeak as it roll back and forth . edward cop ? what do they want ? ( connie slip a slice onto Charlie 's plate and start cut '' it up into bite -size piece . ~ connie oh , somebody 's miss . so they be , you know , check everybody . [ to Charlie ] sit up , sweetie . edward who be it ? connie {uneasily ) I do not think you know he , sell book . {beat ] zi forget where I meet he . back and forth between there hand , which dance around edgily , play out all they tension . connie pass Charlie he pizza . charlie be it a bad guy , Mom ? edward ( intense ) what be he name ? do you remember ? ne & ( continued ) 03/12/01 109 . 196 continued : 196 she pause . then stir she coffee quick . the spoon clanks against the side of the cup . io 1 rt edward | why do they want to talk to you ? : connie if I guess he have my name and number . Charlie , do not chew with you mouth open . edward i I wonder why , ' connie I think I buy a book from he once . a long silence . edward do they say they be come back ? connie I do not know why they would . the camera move in on Edward , pensive , anxious . 197 ext . grandma nos house - afternoon 197 as the sumner approach , grandma be stand in the’ doorway of she Westchester house . a couple of young cousins come out to greet Charlie . 196 int . grandma 's dine room - easter dinner ~ afternoon 198 twelve family member , include some we nve see from Charlie 's birthday . head be bow as Edward say grace . edward bless , oh Lord , this food to we use , and we life to thy service . and help we to be ever mindful of the need of other . amen . a couple of kid muffle giggle . all amen y® ( continued ) 198 199 200 201 202 203 204 03/12/01 110 . continued : 198 Edward stand up , pick up the carve knife and fork . with ceremony , he make the first cut . everyone applaud . close on the brown skin be cut . intercut : the Easter scene with shot of a bulldozer leveling out the landfill where Edward dumped Paul 's body . we will '' gradually see the body reveal . ! i ext . county dump - bulldozer - day ig9 the bulldozer 's digging up a load . in it be Paul 's wrap body . } i int . grandma 's dine room - easter dinner 200 A. howl of laughter as grandma finish she story . grandma we back up , and there be the turkey , lie in the middle of the road with a tire mark down it 's middle . it fall out of the damn car ! eee more laughter . ext . county dump - bulldozer - day 201 we glimpse a foot in the debris . something roll around . loosen sheet , the rug tear . int . grandma 's dine room - easter dinner 202 the family applaud something somebody say . Charlie be tell he cousin a story , and he 's bark like a dog . Edward twist a drumstick off the bird . the juice flow into a juice reservoir on the carve platter . ext . county dump - bulldozer - day 203 the bulldozer back away . the wrap corpse spin off to the side . Paul 's hand extend from the rug . ext . sumner house - driveway - day 204 the spring thaw have hit . leave and stick be neatly pile up around the front of the house . a police car pull up . Dean and mirojnick get out . 205 usssesur ext , sumner house backyard - day - moment later iae 205 Edward and connie be gardening . Edward be rake out the flower bed around the house , while connie plant annual . Charlie be play with poppy . he 's hitched poppy up to he wagon , but poppy be refuse to pull it . Edward look up to see the two detective come around the house . connie follow he gaze . dean hello , Mrs. summer . sorry to bother you on a weekend . ( to Edward ) I be detective Dean . this be detective mirojnick . nypd . Edward shake they hand . then , to Charlie : edward Charlie , we be go on the porch for a minute . . charlie can I come ? connie stay out here and play with poppy , honey . we will be right back . we move with they toward the porch . during the scene , Charlie will continue to play in b.g. , but he have he eye on he parent and the detective . dean {as they walk ) I do not know if you wife mention , we be here about a week ago . about Paul martel . edward yes , the man who be miss . they reach the porch . dean well , he 's not miss any more . his body be discover two day S ago . Edward and connie both try to hide they strong reaction . v ( continued ) 03/12/01 112. 205 continued : 205 & connie a ( shattered ) my God . - edward that ' 's ... terrible . mirojnick could you tell we , Mrs. sumner , where you meet Mr. martel ? { i i | connie '' I tell yo . | mirojnick : no , mar ‘am , you do not . connie I be sorry . I '' not sure . at a fundraiser , I think . mirojnick can you be more specific ? they be all watch she intently . she 's struggle to stay . caln . connie I do not know . I do not remember .... juilliard ? dean juilliard . connie the music school . dean yes , I know what juilliard be . connie of course you do , I be sorry . mirojnick {to Edward ) be you there , too ? edward yes . I think I be . i dean maybe you meet Mr. martel . n I 03/12/02 113. 205 continued : ( 2 ) 205 : edward ke no . not that I remember . dean maybe you would recognize he . he pull out a photograph and hand it to Edward . Edward , look at it very briefly . edward | | no. I have never see he before . { dean ( show it to connie ) ' be this he ? connie {too fast , struggle ) yes . yes . mirojnick ( to connie ) do you ever go to he apartment ? connie no . I hardly know he . I do not even know why he have my number . dean maybe he ... like you . edward ( with a certain strength and resolve ) listen , detective -- mirojnick ( ignore he , to connie ) do you ever have a key to he apartment ? connie of course not ! mirojnick we find a note in he apartment that be sign with a " c.* edward that do not mean it 's from she . , mirojnick no . . se & ( continued ) 205 continued : connie 's for 03/12/01 ( 3 ) dean have you ever be to he apartment ? connie no . dean how about the neighborhood ? hang out down there ? connie no . dean , no , not often ? 's or no , never ? connie never . I can not remember the last time I be in scho . dean it be two and a half week ago , actually . connie what ? dean you get a parking ticket right in front of martel 's apartment , two and a half week ago . lummox . it teke she a moment to recover . connie oh. that . right , I have coffee with friend , at a -- a little place -- I forget . ( to Edward ) Tracy and Sally . ( to the cop ) I do not realize that be he -- where he life , 114 . 205 there 's a painful silence as connie 's pathetic lie hang in tween the four of they . finally , Edward put a the air be end to it . edward look , my wife have tell you everything she know . and so have 1 . {more ) es ( continued ) 295 206 207 03/12/01 115 . continued : ( 4 ) 205 edward ( cont 'd ) so if it 's all right with you , we have like to get back to we son . they all begin to move toward the front of the house . Dean | texns to connie , clearly not buy she line . i dean ( cont 'd ) i why do not I leave you my card ? { ! connie I have you card . dean ! right . enjoy you weekend . Edward put he arm around connie as the cop get in they car and drive away . then he drop he arm and go in the house . she stand alone , look out into the street . on she : struggle with she emotion . alone with she loss . finally , she dissolves in tear . shake , sobbing . we move past she , in on the window . from inside , Edward be watch she helplessly . ext , dry cleaners - day 206 carry clothes over she arm and a ticket in she hand , connie enter . V int . dry cleaners - day 207 she lay the clothing on the counter and check the pocket of Edward 's suit and coat . connie ( to clerk ) sumner , as the clerk make out a slip for the clothes , connie find something in Edward 's pocket . pull it out . the photograph and negative from Wilson . she stare at they , stunne . clerk ( take the clothes ) Thursday after five . [ beat ] okay ? Mrs ? she look up . can barely focus on what she 's say . ram ( cont : 8 a a 207 03/12/01 116 . continued : 207 connie yes , thank you . he take the other slip frem she hand . clerk I will get this right away . the clerk turn on the track of clothes to find connie 's . as they clatter and MARCH along overhead , connie brave another leok at the phote . she start to hyperventilate . | voice ( tracy ) connie ! : she look up , startle . Tracy be on she way into the dry cleaner . connie Tracy -- connie stuff the photograph in she purse . Tracy watch she . tracy I be just pick up my dress for tonight . I be wear the green , with the collar -- connie look up at the rack of clothes , still circle around , try to will it to stop , so she can leave . Tracy 's voice and the clatter of the rack get jumble together ina cacophony roaring in connie 's ear . tracy ( cont 'd ) I be think of just wear the black , but I always wear that , connie mm-hm . tracy I know it 's gorgeous , but I be sick of it . I be go to give it to goodwill . let someone else be gorgeous for a change . she laugh . connie can barely muster a smile . the rack finally stop move . the clerk reach for connie 's clothes . connie practically grab they from he -- tracy ( cont ’d ) what should we bring ? aside from we sparkling personality ? 4 . 207 299 03/12/01 i17 . continued : ( 2 } 207 but connie head out the door without answer . Tracy watch she go . 1 co ie int . kite - later that day move as if in a trance , connie be make the hor d'oeuvre . Edward come in the garage door with a case of i wine . ' edward : how we do ? need any help ? i she flook at he as if at a stranger . he be aware of the affair . for how long ? connie no . we lower the sound on he dialogue . the whole scene ( which be from connie 's Pov ) feel almost surreal . edward the white be not cold . 1'11 stick it in the freezer . remind I it 's in there . she look at he , try to read he . he look back at she . a moment pass between they . then she look away .: edward ( cont 'd ) I guess most people will want red anyway - she can barely look at he now . she turn away , spot the dog on he hind leg , paw on the table , sniff the hor do oeuvre . connie down , poppy . int . live room - night 209 connie carry a tray of hor d'oeuvre into the live room for the dinner guest : Tracy and she husband , josh , and beth and she husband , jeff . a drink in she hand , Tracy be look at connie 's snow globe collection . Edward be nearby , quiet , watch . Tracy hold one up with Big Ben inside . ( continued ) 03/12/01 118. 209 continued : 209 tracy {re : snow globe ) . Z leve this thing . be there any plece - you cuy have not be ? connie smile but barely look over . beth the rosenthal get 795 for they place . in two day . they have six offer . ! | jeff seal bid . that 's what everybody 's do now . ! , josh what do you think this place be worth , Ed ? edward I do not know . but if you sell you house , where do you go ? beth at that price , tahiti . josh bangkok . tracy forget it , josh . ten year he 's be try to send I the a fat farm while he gee to bangkok with Jeff . josh it 's the temple ! it 's the scenery ! they all laugh . Beth lock in on a snow globe . beth connie , where 's this one from ? connie look over just as Beth lift the tropical - theme globe she 's ask about . the one behind it be reveal : it's the windy CITY snow globe . connie can hardly speak . her word come in a near-whisper . connie fiji . ( continued ) 03/12/01 119 . continued : ( 2 ) 209 she look at Edward . they eye meet for a long moment as muffled conversation from the other continue jnder . int . dine room - night 210 we favor Edward and connie as the dinner conversation | continue . connie have barely teuch she food . from time to time , someone turn to she , but she can only smile and answer mechanically : ' i | beth seriously , connie , what 's you next dream vacation ? [ beat ] connie ? connie struggle to snap out of it . connie I be sorry . what ? anyone need anything ? that stop the conversation for a moment . as it pick up again , connie retreat into herself . efaward watch she . neither of they hear the conversation that follow . josh who catch the Stanford game ? ed? Old alma mater ? . beth Ed do not go to Stanford . he go to Northwestern . josh really ? beth connie and Ed both . it 's where they meet . tracy where do we meet , all of we ? jeff knick game , be not it ? beth be it ? josh be not it at a drug bust ? a {continued } 03/12/02 120 . 210 continued : 210 right ? she look at connie for confirmation but get nothing back . | | tracy ( cont 'd ) i con ? ' connie what ? startle , she accidentally knock over she glass of red wine . she let out a strange sound as the wine spread on the white tablecloth and down into she lap . Beth be up . connie ( cont ‘d ) X get it . beth you all right ? connie it 's nothing . oe tracy it 's on you blouse . you need vinegar . beth {simultaneously ) you need baking soda . jeff ( point to the '' blood " ) you have be shot . Beth fetch vinegar , paper towel , etc . Tracy pour salt on the tablecloth . beth it 's on the rug . connie please , everybody . eat . I will clean it up later . she look at Edward , who have not move . he 's watch she . tracy : connie ? you okay ? ( continued ) 2 he 10 il 03/12/01 121 . continued : ( 2 } 210 connie I be fine , dessert anyone ? ext . sumner house - entryway ~ night ail the guest be leave . connie wave , try to manage a : smile . the door close . | int . live room - night sle Edward be in the far corner , look out the window . his back to she . connie approach he . j ! connie you go there ? Edward remain silent . she move toward he . connie ( cont ’d ) what happen ? Edward ? he do not turn around . she move still closer . connie ( cont ‘d ) what do you do ? he do not turn . do not reply . connie ( cont ‘d ) do you hurt he , Edward ? a agonizing silence . connie ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ , Edward , what do you do to he ? do you hurt he ? you do , do not you -~ he do not turn around . she move still closer . his back to she , connie ( cont ’d ) talk to I , God damn it , tell I what you gid ! he spin around on she . his face be unrecognizable , full of rage , he 's spitting venom . edward no , you tell I what you do . connie be take aback by he attack . & , ( continued ) 03/12/01 122. 212 continued : 212 213 edward ( cont ’d ) tell I now you fuck he , ‘over and over and over . how about that ? or maybe how ic feel to lie to I , over and over anc over c= connie Edward , I do not -- i edward shut the fuck up . do not talk to I . do note you say one fuck word . I give up everything for this family -- vv -- and what do you do ? you piss it all away , like it 's nothing , for a screw with a -- Jesus , he be a fuck kid . you destroy everything -- every fuck thing we ever have .. ( he start to break ) Christ , @id you honestly think I would not know ? I be onto you from the first god damn day . because I know you , connie . I know you and I fuck hate you . I do not want to kill he , I want to kill you . that hang in the air between they , awfully . they look at each other in this new , horrifying reality . neither one move , or look away for the longest time . until finally , she voice practically a whisper : connie it be you . he do not answer . which be a answer . connie ( cont 'd ) oh , God , Edward . oh my god. she 's horrify , repulse . she recoil , in horror . suddenly she turn and stagger for the bathroom . we stay on Edward 's face as we hear the toilet seat go up . she begin to vomit . as he hear she , it all hit he -- the horror of what he do , the magnitude of what he 's lose . he completely fall apart . he dissolves in tear . int . connie 's dressing room - day 213 connie be get dress , when Edward enter - rad ( continued ) 213 214 216 03/12/01 123. continued : 213 she start , and cover up she body . as though he be a stranger . he look at she , then turn and leave . int . sumner dine room - night 214 dinner . connie , Edward , Charlie . nobody talk . all we hear be the clink clink clink of scraping silverware on china . int . sumner den - night i 215 1 connie lie on the couch alone , stare at the fire . a blanket be over she . this be where she sleep now . but she can not sleep at all . a noise -- a sniffle . it 's Charlie . his pajamas be soaking wet , cling to he . unnerve by the tension in the house , he 's wet he bed . he 's stand there , in that dead - tired half - sleep that child get . charlie look what I do . connie go to he and hug he tight . connie '' it 's okay , honey , it 's okay . she take he by the hand and head for the stair . charlie I be sorry , mom. connie it be a accident , sweetie . accident happen . as they walk up the stair : charlie why be not you in bed ? connie I just like sleep by the fire , sweetie . that 's all . she take he upstairs . 's int , sumner house , upstair hallway - night 216 connie come out of Charlie 's room , have put he back to bed . she sit on the top step , lean against the banister . she sense someone behind she . ( continued ) 216 nn be ~ 218 03/12/01 424 . continued : 216 she turn and see Edward stand in the hallway , lean against the wall . they look at each other for a moment . she do not leave , or send he away . so Edward come closer . he sit on the floor behind she , he back against the wall . they both just sit there on the floor at the top of the steir , in the dark . ext . sumner house - day Zit , a beautiful spring day . ( int . sumner house - family room - day 4 218 '' close on a stack of one -hour photo packet . anond they be still of connie and Charlie read together from the videotape that Edward shot the day of the phone call . connie be at she desk , with she back to the room , put this and other photo into a family photo album . behind she , Edward be play the piano softly , with he hack to she . between they on the floor , Charlie be racing matchbox car around a loop- the-loop track he 's set up , vroom - '' vroom to himself . outside , a ardsley police car drive by the house . Edward * see it and stop play . connie hear he stop , look out the window , and see it too . while Charlie continue play , they watch the car drive slowly past , then away . when the car be out of sight , connie and Edward simultaneously turn around and look at each other . they share a glance -- of understanding , paranoia . and the knowledge that they be in this together . then Edward go back to play the piano . and connie go back to sorting picture . and Charlie continue play . int . sumner live room - night 219 * connie sit down with a sigh . her eye drift to the snow globe . she take the windy City snow globe , sit down on the couch , look at it . tear spring to she eye , but she do not give way to they . quickly , she wipe they off . she twist the key on the bottom . it play its little tune . suddenly the tune stop -- but not in the usual way . it seem muffle , stick . ' she toy with the key . something shift . the globe 's stand have separate slightly from the top . she never know it open like this . she twist the stand away from the top to reveal : m ( continued ) 220 03/12/01 125 . continued : 219 a little envelope wedge into the stand , curl up at the edge . it have be interfere with the mechanism that play the little tune . she pulis out the envelope . read the write on it : con , if you find this , , ; do not open until we 25th eaniversary . I Edward jchicese . 1993 ' she open the envelope . Inside be a photograph she have long forget : / of she and Edward seven year earlier , with they newborn , Charlie , in she arm . she turn over the picture . on the back , Edward have write : '' my beautiful wife . the best part of every day . '' she put the picture back in the envelope . she start to cry . ext . sumner back yard ~ day 220 a brisk spring day . connie walk down toward the pond at the bottom of they garden , hold the globe and carry a manila envelope . she stand for a moment , look out at the still pond . then she take something out of the manila envelope , light a match , and set it aflame . it 's the photograph of connie and Paul leave the movie theater . cu of Paul 's face curling and burn . ' she burn the othér photograph and negative . watch they turn to ash . then she take the snow globe . look at it . and , decisively , throw it far out into the pond . it make a plopping noise . she hear something behind she . she turn . Edward be stand there . they look at each other , both understanding what she have just do . he walk over to she . they stare out at the pond . connie there 's still the note . edward it be from you ? connie yes . a long_ beat . rag ( continued ) we 220 03/12/01 126 . continued : 220 connie ( cont 'd ) we be horrible people , Edward . he shake with the terrible knowledge of what he 's do . freshiy horrify again . edward I think I know myself -- what I be : capable of . I have no idea . they stand there , forlornly look out at the cold pond . edward ( cont 'd ) how do all this happen ? when do we change ? connie I do not know . [ beat ] can we go back ? edward I do not know . ( beat ) do you love he ? connie I meet he -- bump into he , literally . and all of a sudden , I be think about thing I would never think about . then after a while , I do not just think they ; I want they . and then ... and then I . need they . like I need air . somehow -- I do not know how -- I become this person I never dream I would be -- do something -- edward do something you never dream you would be able to do , he 's talk about himself . they have never understand each other more . connte yeah . ( beat ) but no . I never love he , Edward . not for a moment , ( she start to cry ) I nve always love you . {continued } 03/12/01 127 . continued : ( 2 ) 220 he put a arm around she . she fold into he . we pull back to a wide shot of this two solitary figure , cling together in the desolate landscape . int . HOTEL hallway - day 224 | kide be run around in the hall , chase each other . one ef they be Charlie . he run past a door to i ) ( ) to int . HOTEL meeting room - day i : | where a austere auctioneer be preside . behind | he be a banner that read : ardsley country Day School / gymnasium auction . in the crowd we see the people we 's have meet -- Tracy and josh , Beth and Jeff . ' auctioneer .. go once , go twice ... sold to the lovely lady in the back . thank you , mar ‘am . the crowd applaud . in the back of the room , we see Edward and connie stand , try to participate and smile and applaud with the rest of they . connie 's cell phone ring . she answer it quietly . a dark look come over she face . she take the phone over to the doorway , to hear better . Edward watch she talk . she nod a little , talk a little . he go over to she as she hang up . the kid run by they in the hallway . as the auctioneer continue in the b.g.: connte the detective . he want I to come in Tuesday . they want my fingerprint , to compare with what they find on the note . edward they think you do it . ( beat ) I should turn myself in , con , connie no . just then , Charlie look at they from down the hall . smile . wave at they . they smile back . connie ( cont 'd ) no . we will get up every day and see what happen . ( more ) & ( continued ) 222 223 224 225 226 03/12/01 428. continued ; 222 connie ( cont 'd ) we will take it one day at a time . [ beat ] we will get through this , Edward . we will . he look at she . a long look , edward '' you think so ? connie cye . nobody will ever know . edward we do . we know . jint . HOTEL ballroom - , auction - night dance - night 223 a band be on the stage . ardsley auction banner be everywhere , Charlie sit at a round table with a few other parent and kid . clutch a Coke , he be nodd off . we find connie and Edward dance together , oblivious to everyone else . they look into each other 's eye , and then they kiss . a deep , loving soul kiss . it 's the first time we have see they really kiss each other . and it 's kiss that last , that 's full of sorrow and joy and hope and loss and anger and forgiveness and everything that get pile into a love . it feel like it could last forever ... ext . HOTEL - night - later . 224 a cop be stand by connie 's Toyota , speak into a walkie- talkie . in the b.g. Edward and connie emerge from the hotel . Edward have Charlie asleep over he shoulder . they freeze , not know what to do . slowly they walk forward toward the car . connie take edward 's hand and squeezy it . and then the cop tear out a parking ticket and stick it under the windshield wiper . ext./ int . connie' toyota - moving - night 225 on charlie asleep in the back seat . int . toyota - intersection ~ night 226 the Toyota stop at a red light . connie 's hand unconsciously touch she knee . close up - connie remember . ye 227 229 03/12/01 129 . ext . new york STREET - day - the day she met paul 227 we now watch a silent version of she original meeting with Paul . connie , package in hand , challenge the wind on mercer Street . look for a cab . suddenly we be with she as she be catch up in the wind and push along . twist , turn , fight to hold on to something . angle from the cafe - we see connie bring down the street l by the wind , stumbling into Paul . he gather she party favor , they speak , he ask she to come up . she 's not sure . try to decide . the taxi that pass she by . finally she agree to go upstairs with he . now she be at the top of the step . and , as in the beginning , a empty taxi approach . Paul smile at she . come on . closer angle - connie and paul connie taxi ! the taxi screech to a stop . connie turn to Paul . he hesitates , then hand she she package . connie ( cont 'd ) ( limping toward the cab} I have to go . i'11 manage . ( she reach the cab , turn to he ) thank you . you have be great . ( open door , get in ) she look out and smile at he as the taxi drive away . int . taxi - day 228 connie sit in the cab . close up - her eye . camera pull back to show that she 's back in : int . toyota - night 229 she 's with Edward , sit in silence . the light change . another car move on . the Toyota remain still . connie we can disappear . S ( continued ) 03/12/01 130 . 229 continued : 229 edward '' disappear ? connie well reise some money . sell everything . we will leave the country . | he look at she . : j edward : senorita ? L I ' connie why not ? Mexico . sera ena a little house on the beach . take another name . people do it all the time . edward what do we tell Charlie ? on charlie in the rear-view mirror , asleep . connie we will tell he it 's a adventure . ; edward '' he ' 1ll be a little mexican boy . connte we will fish all day , and learn to play the guitar . edward I can serenade you to sleep at night . tear come to she eye . connie we will live the rest of we life on that beach . and when we die , we will just push out of sea . now they be both cry . edward sound perfect . they kiss . tear mingle in it . they hold each other as the signal change again , pa 03/12/01 131. ext , toyota - night - high angle 230 the Toyota remain still . the signal continue the change from red to green to the leave and right turn arrow . as we watch , a wind rise . the traffic light creak back and ferth . the wind grow stronger . the tree blow . the camera slowly rise , and as it get hict entire scene , show that immediately to the leic j police station . for the longest time nothing happen . then finally Edward 's door open . he get out and walk slowly toward the police station . he enter and we fade to black . the end ye