unforgiven ( the William munny killing ) a original screenplay by David webb people int . alice' room - night night in alice' room . a little bit of moonlight come in through the tiny window might make a highlight here and there but that 's about all . word begin to crawl across the screen : written word ( crawl ) of good family , albeit one of modest mean , she be a comely young woman and not without prospect . therefore it be at once heartbreaking and astonish to she mother that she would enter into marriage with William munny , a know thief and murderer , a man of notoriously vicious and intemperate disposition . we can hear strawberry alice and davey bunting breathe heavily and the bed creak . written word ( cont 'd ) they be marry in St. Louis in 1870 and they travel North to Kansas where he engage in farming and swine husbandry . davey and Alice be pick up speed now , breathe faster and even snort a little , and it 's cold as Jesus in nebraska in the winter so when the blanket slip , Alice snarl and gasp . alice the blanket , for chrissake , cowboy , the blanket . there be six of this little room ... one for each whore ... behind greely 's beer Garden and billiard and the wall be just board so you can hear what 's happen in the other room and right now , from delilah be room , you can hear a high - pitch , merry little giggle and that 's important . written word ( crawl contd . ) she bore he two child in the eight year of they marriage and when she die , it be not at he hand as she mother might have expect , but of smallpox . that be in 1878 . delilah' voice ( 0.s. ) no , please .... no , no goddamn you . Alice and davey have stop fuck and start listen but they do not move . written word ( crawl cont would ) it be not until 1881 ... three yeat later ... that a cowboy name Mike cut up a whore in Big whiskey , nebraska in the niobrara River country . ( end crawl ) mike' voice 0.s. davey , come a runnin ' lad a ' hold the thieve cunt ... a blur of action as davey leap from the bed and dash out of the room naked ... mike' voice ( 0.s. ) ... brand you like a damn steer , bitch ... and Alice be right behind he , wrapping herself in a blanket as she go . int . delilah be room - night delilah be back up against the wall , she face bleed , and she be throw the content of she chamber pot on mike who be advance on she with a open barlow knife and davey bust into the room naked and Alice follow he and people be shouting in other room . mike ( wiping shit off himself ) hold the bitch , davey , hold she . the one coal oil lamp in the room give off just enough light that you can make all this out . certainly you can see that Mike , who be wear legging and no shirt , be a big tough man , unshaven , eye inflame with whiskey ... mike ( cont 'd ) hold her , dammit , davey ! if you do not hold she I will cut she tit off . little sue , a fifteen year old whore , be in the doorway , eye wide with terror and Alice scream at she . alice get skinny , for God 's sake ! skinny ! davey be reluctant about the whole thing but he be afraid of Mike and he get behind delilah and grab she . davey wh- what you gonna do , Mike ? 3 . Mike be do it now and delilah be scream while he carve she face with the barlow knife and blood be all over , splash on davey and davey , who be just a kid , after all , nineteen with a big shock of unruly red hair and innocent blue eye , be horrify . mike thieve cunt , I will ... davey Mike , do not , Jesus , do not ... alice skinny ! bring you gun . Alice can not wait for skinny and she jump on Mike 's back and bring the big man down and she fight he though she 's not a big woman . Alice be twenty - five but she 's be around some , whore some tough cow -town , and she have too much bone and character in she face to be outright pretty but she attract man like fly . sure she have some smallpox scar on she face , but they be common and there be only a few of they , not like on skinny whose mean little face be eat right up with they . view on skinny dubois stand there in the doorway , he nasty face eat with smallpox scar and he be look at delilah who be a fountain of blood , look at she coldly , and look down at the melee on the floor and , point the big navy colt in he hand , he say , skinny get offa she , asshole . and he say it so cold and with such authority that everything go quiet . ext . MAIN STREET - day snow /moonlight / the shadowy building and the silence of the nebraska winter except for the sound of the snowshoe . the snow have obliterate the Main Street of Big whiskey give the impression that the dark , low building be scattered at random . the only structure with any sign of life be greely 's beer Garden and billiard which show a glow window and two horse out front and that be a hundred yard away from the struggle silhouettes of the two man on snowshoe . the big one be little bill daggett and he be very big , wrap in a huge bearskin robe . the smaller one be clyde ledbetter who be not small though he have only one arm . little bill ... would not let you settle it , huh ? clyde Hell , you know how skinny be . say he 's gonna shoot them ... a I say , " skinny , you can not do that , " a ' he say , " well , then get Little Bill down here a ' let 's settle this " a ' I say , " Bill 's sleepin ' , skinny , " a ' ... they make they way in silence through the snow , get close now , close to greely 's and the light . int . delilah be room - night delilah on her bed , she face cover with blood - soak rag except for she eye . Alice have hot water and be minister to she and Little Bill be look down at she from he enormous height , still in he bearskin . he look disgust . little bill she be not gonna die , huh ? you can now see fear in delilah 's eye , and the other whore ... crow creek kate with crazy pop-eye and frizzy hair , and little sue who be fifteen and meek even when she be not terrify , and faith who be the oldest of they and not very attractive and silky who be blonde and the prettiest ... be watch from vantage point in the doorway or in the room . alice ( determine ) she 's gonna live . ittle bi urn to Little Bill t t go ) she do not steal nothin ' , she do not touch he poke . little bill ( stop and turn ) no ? alice all she do be ... when she see he have a teensy little pecker ... she give a giggle . that 's all . she do not know no better . Little Bill turn away , disgust , and start out of the room and Alice get up and follow he . alice ( cont 'd ) you gonna hang them , Little Bill ? int . bar room - night davey sit naked on the floor of the bar room and Mike be sit near he , still in he legging and both man be shiver because they be fifteen foot from the potbelly stove where clyde be stand watch they . it be a big room , with a crude bar and four table and some moose and elk head on the wall . the door near the rear where it say " billiard room " lead not to a billiard room but to the six little " room " that be the whorehouse and and now you can hear delilah groan from there . and Little Bill enter from the back of the bar room , stooping to pass through the doorway under the sign that say " billiard room . " Little Bill be huge and ominous . some say he acquire the bearskin by stare the bear to death and other say he drown the animal in spit . anyhow , he 's big with a droop moustache and he be suck on he church warden 's clay pipe and you know he be not scared of anything . and the two cowboy be scared to death , not just shiver from the cold , and Bill just look down at they and suck on he pipe and Alice come in from the back way too and then skinny and a couple of the whore gather in the doorway . little bill clyde , step across to the german 's a ' fetch up one of he bullwhip . Stark terror on the face of davey and Mike as clyde exit . alice a whippin ' ? that 's all they get ? after what they do ? little bill ( suck on he pipe ) whippin ' be not a little thing , Alice . alice but what they do , they ... skinny ( he have a piece of paper in he hand ) shut up , Alice . Little Bill , a whippin ' be not gonna settle this . little bill no ? skinny ( show the paper ) this here 's a lawful contract ... betwixt I an' delilah fitzgerald , the cut -whore . now I brung she clear from Boston , pay she expense a ' all , an' I get a contract which represent a investment of capital . little bill ( sympathetic to the argument ) property . skinny damage property . like if I be to hamstring one of they cow pony . little bill you figure nobody ' 1ll want to fuck she . skinny Hell no . leastway , they will not pay to do it . Alice be listen to this and she eye be like coal and you can hear delilah moan in the other room . skinny ( cont 'd ) she could maybe clean up around the place or somethin' , but nobody 's gonna pay good money for a cut - up whore . little bill ( make up he mind and turn to the shiver cowboy ) you boy be off of the spade outfit . get you own string of pony ? davey ( nodd ) I ... I get f-f-f-four . little bill you ? mike ( sullenly ) six . skinny nod , pleased , and Alice watch , she eye still hot . little bill guess you boy just as soon not have no trial a ' fuss , huh ? davey and Mike nod , willing to say anything Little Bill want . little bill cont 'd ( to Mike ) alright . you do the cuttin’ ... come the thaw , you bring in five of they pony a ' give them over to skinny here . mike five ! little bill ( to davey ) a ' you ... you give over two pony , hear ? - clyde bang in out of the snow with a buggy whip in he hand . clyde I could not find no bullwhip , Bill . the german ... little bill do not matter , we do not need no whip . ( to Mike and davey ) spring come an' skinny do not have they pony , I be gonna ... alice you ... you be not even gonna ... whip " they ? little bill I fine them instead . alice for what they do ? skinny get some pony a ' that 's ... ? little bill ( approach she ) ai not you see enough blood for one night ? Hell , Alice , they be not loafer nor tramp nor bad man . they be hard workin ' boy that be foolish . why if they be give over to wickedness in a regular way ... alice ( furious ) like whore ? skinny Alice , tend to delilah . for a long moment Alice just stand there glaring . int . delilah be room - day daylight and a basin of bloody water and Little Sue be just dip another towel in the hot water next to delilah 's bed , change the bandage . all the whore be there in various state of dress , loung on the floor , lean against the wall . silky ( to Alice ) if delilah do not care one way or the other , what be you so rile about ? alice ( passionately ) just because they smelly asshole like to ride we like horse do not mean we get to let them brand we like we be horse . maybe we be not nothin ' but whore , but by God we be not horse . silky be think it over , frown , and then she make she decision . silky ( to Alice ) I get a hundred a ' twelve dollar . that 's everythin' . alice what about you , faith ? faith ( reluctantly ) two hundred ... ( there be gasp ) two hundred a ' forty . alice ( laugh ) Jesus , faith , what you be doin ' , givin' skinny something ' special ? all the woman laugh and delilah through she bandage make a gurgle sound and Little Sue 's eye light up . little sue ( indicate delilah ) she laugh . alice with what kate get , silky get some , a ' mine , an' Little S ... silky ( soberly ) it be not enough . alice ( determine ) not yet maybe . ext . hog pen - day the hog in the mud , snort and squealing , ugly as hell and bill munny in the mud with he , push and shove , try to move the stubborn animal and munny go down face first and come up more cover with mud than he already be and the word on the screen say , written word ( super ) some month later , hodgeman County , Kansas . munny be thirty - five or forty year old , he hair be thinning and he moustache droops glumly over he stubble jaw . if it be not for he eye he would look like any pig farmer with he canvas overall tuck in he boot push on a hog . he be push on the hog again , grunt with the effort , when he hear the voice . the kide voice ( 0.s. ) you do not look like no rootin' , tootin ' , sonofabitchin ' , cold - blooded assassin . munny ( look up , startle ) huh ? the kid be only six foot away , the sun behind he , sit on a very big and very ancient Morgan horse . he 's wear a wide - brimm Texas hat , a vest , a holster pistol , and he be a wiry kid , maybe twenty year old , with scraggly blonde hair , four of he upper front tooth miss , and a funny , squinty way of look out of he watery blue eye . most of all , he do not look very prosperous . the kid I see how you get only three finger on you leave hand , though , so I guess you be call yourself mister Bill munny . munny do indeed have three finger on he leave hand and he do not like this conversation at all . 10 . munny William munny , yeah . the kid same one as shot Charlie pepper in Lake County ? a voice paw ! hey , paw ! the voice belong to will , a skinny ten-year - old who dash up with he seven - year - old sister , penny , right on he heel . the kid be rag and dirty , they do not look well feed or even very healthy . even as will speak to he father , munny , he eye , and penny 's too , go to the kid . they do not see many stranger . munny what be it , son ? will two more hog get the fever . munny wince . the kid ignore the interruption . the kid you shot Charlie pepper , do not you ? and you be the one kill william harbey a ' rob the train over ... munny ( sharply ) hold on , mister . ( to will ) Son , this here pig gotta be move outta this pen , away from they other . penny , you give yer brother a hand ... penny ( emotional ) this one 's sick too ? munny ignore the question , already on he way to the miserable - look shack . munny let 's talk inside , mister . int . sod hut - day munny select a tin cup from a wash pan of dirty dish . it be dark and cool inside he one room sod hut ... and poor . the kid check one of the three chair for stability before sit down . 11 . munny you be Pete sothow 's nephew , huh ? Hell , I think maybe you be someone come to kill I ... ( he have the cup and he cross to the fire ) ... for something ' I do in the old day . the kid ( sit ) I could of ... easy . munny yeah , I guess so . the kid like I be sayin ' you do not look like no meaner than hell cold - blooded damn killer . munny maybe I be not . the kid well , uncle Pete say you be the goddamndest meanest sonofabitch ever live a ' if I ever want a partner for a killin' , you be the worst one . meanin ' the best . on account of you be cold as snow a ' do not have no weak nerve nor fear . munny serve the coffee gloomily and sit down . it appear he feeling be hurt but the kid do not notice . munny he say that , huh ? the kid I be a damn killer myself , only I be not kill so many as you because of my youth . schofield kid , they call I . munny schofield ? you from schofield ? the kid ( lay he Smith & wesson schofield .45 on the table ) on account of my schofield model Smith and wesson pistol . 12 . munny oh. the kid well , how about it ? munny about what ? the kid bein ' my partner . I be headin' North up around the niobrara in nebraska . gonna kill a couple of no good cowboy . munny what for ? the kid for cuttin ' up a lady . they cut up she face a ' cut she eye out , cut she ear off a ' she tit too . munny ( horrify ) Jesus ! the kid ( pleased with the reaction ) thousand dollar of reward . five hundred a piece . will paw , I can not move that damn pig . will have slip into the house with penny in tow and they be both cover with mud and will be swear toshow off to the stranger . munny ( embarrassed ) no cussin ' now , will . go on out the pump a ' clean up some a ' I will be along . check they other pen . the two kid back out the door , eye on the pistol and the stranger , and munny walk over near the bed with he back to the kid . munny ( cont 'd ) I be not like that no more , kid . whiskey do it as much as anythin ' I guess . ( turn to the kid ) I be not touch a drop in ten year . ( more ) 13 . munny ( cont 'd ) my wife , she cure I of it ... cure I of drink a ' wickedness . the kid well ... you do not look so prosperous . Hell , you could buy she a new dress out of you half . we could kill they two a ' you could buy you wife one of they fancy ... munny she 's pass on , kid . the kid huh ? munny be go near three year now . the kid ( stare stupidly ) oh. ext . sod hut - day will and penny in front of the house , look up at the kid who be mount again and munny be stand there take leave of the kid . the kid do not tell nobody about the reward a ' all . do not need no other gunman tryin ' to collect . munny I do not never see nobody anyhow . the kid ( riding away ) if you be to change you mind , might be you could catch I ... due West to the western Trail an' North to ogallala . munny wave at the kid and for a long moment watch he trot across the flat , grassy field . then he turn back to he shabby farm and the squealing pig and the two child who be look up at he . will who 's he ? munny ( turn away ) best we move that pig . 14 . ext . hog pen - day munny in the mud and the pig squealing and will be there push too and munny go in face first again and when he come up he slowly wipe mud from he face and , turn , he look across the field . view on penny come up beside the pen . penny paw ... two of they other ... I think they get the fever . munny frown and look off at the horizon , lose in think . view on the kid Way off in the distance , disappear on the horizon . ext . big whiskey hill - day extreme close up on delilah delilah 's face ! the cut - whore . skein of criss -crossing raise flesh , a vicious web of scar dominate by she eye that be deep and beautiful . she 's hang clothes on a clothes line on Big whiskey Hill , the gentle slope above the town . Alice , Little Sue , silky , kate , and faith be close by , hang clothes or wash they in the gurgle stream . faith be the first to glance down the hill toward the town and to notice . she draw in she breath and turn to Alice and catch she eye and Alice look down . ext . muddy NORTH road the muddy North Road and the two rider , and they be Quick Mike and davey bunt lead they pony in , pass a crudely paint sign that say : " ordinance 14 . no firearm in Big whiskey . deposit they at County Office . by order of sheriff . " ext . big whiskey hill - day the whore on the hill . one by one , with no word exchange , they feel the silence and turn and exchange glance and they glance at delilah . she wince and turn back to hang clothes . view on a horse's OPEN mouth and skinny 15 . inspecting . skinny you boy take a while . couple more day I be gonna call on the sheriff . the horse be gather in front of greely 's and skinny move among they inspect they while the two cowboy remain mount . davey River be swole so we could not cross she . davey be hold the halter of a little paint and when skinny start to inspect the pain , davey pull the pony away . davey ( cont 'd ) you get two of mine . this here one be not yours . skinny and davey lock eye and skinny be wonder how far to push it when splat !... davey get a face full of mud . the three man turn to see the whore come around the side of greely 's , all except delilah , and they be throw mud , scoop it from the sloppy street and ... mike get a hit on the chest and then on the face and he give a ugly look and wheel he horse and dig in he spur and head North at a trot and mud continue to rain on he as the whore jeer . skinny damn you . ( splat ) that be not no way to behave . ( splat ) quit that . surprisingly , davey turn he horse right into the barrage of mud and take it in the face and on the chest he dismount . his paint take a big gob of mud on one eye and davey wipe the mud off tenderly . davey this here pony ... I brung it for the lady ... the one my partner cut . the whore stop throw mud abruptly . there be a pause ... and they can see that he be just a kid , and that he be sorry as hell and that he be about to cry and they be touch , especially Little Sue . 16 . davey ( cont 'd ) it 's the best of the lot ... better than the one I give he . ( indicate skinny ) she could sell it or ... what she want . alice ( recover ) a pony !... she be not get no face leave a ' you be gonna give she a goddamn mangy pony . davey he be not m-m-mangy , mar 'am , he ... slop . davey get it in the face with a big gob of mud as Alice resume fire and splat , the paint get it . faith and silky and kate hesitate just a moment ... and then they dig in and start jeer and throw again and Little Sue bend down slowly and pick up some mud and then she just stand there with it , almost cry , and watch the cowboy turn away under a barrage of mud and mount he pony and ride out , mud hit he all over and the woman jeer and run after he in the muddy street . view on delilah hanging clothes up on the hill and she canhear the shouting in the distance and she turn and look down with the beautiful eye and see the cowboy riding out of town slowly , chase by the jeer woman . int . sod hut - day close on a photograph of claudia in munny 's hand . he be inside , kneel on the floor beside a open truck and he be study reverently the old photo of Claudia , smile radiantly in she best dress . finally munny put the picture down and dig in the trunk among fold dress that belong to she until he feel something metal and he see the blue steel among the white cloth and then he pull it out ... a old Starr .44 pistol . ext . sod hut - day close on a mojav coffee tin as munny place it on the fence behind he sod hut . munny have the Starr in he right hand and he turn and walk back toward the house 15 yard away . will and penny be watch . they know something be go on , but they do not know how to ask what it be . munny face the coffee tin and solemnly extend he pistol arm straight out and carefuly sight along the barrel . 17 . bam ! a burst of flame and a puff of black smoke from the gun . the mojav tin have not move . slowly , carefully , munny raise the gun again and aim with great deliberation . bam ! the coffee tin do not move . munny shake he head slowly in disgust and aim again . bam ! miss again . munny give a quick sheepish glance in the direction of the child . there be a lot of smoke . he aim again and bam ! he miss . munny be irritate and he aim and fire hastily and flame burst from the gun and smoke and the tin be unmove . will look at he foot , embarrassed , not want to meet he father 's eye . munny stuff the pistol in he waistband and disappear into the house . will and penny look at one another nervously , wonder what 's happen . penny do paw use to kill folk ? will do not answer and then he look up because munny step out of the house again , a saw off remington 10 gauge shotgun in he hand . munny raise the double barrel weapon to he shoulder and aim carefully and ... barrrrooooom ! the can fly away in piece and some of the fence , too . ext . shade tree - day headstone . it say : " claudia feather munny bear , March 11 , 1849 die , August 6 , 1878 , age 29 year , in the full enjoyment of that love which constrain she to leave all for Christ and heathen soul lo , we have leave all and follow thee : what shall we leave therefore . 19:25 " the headstone be under a couple of shade tree fifty yard from the sod hut . 18 . munny be sit on a rock under the tree look at the headstone and he have on a cheap black suit now . he twist the hat , torment ... and he start to say something out loud but he can not because man do not talk to stone . so finally he get up , slump in defeat , and he put a little bouquet of flower on the grave and he turn away unhappily . ext . sod hut - day the albino mare snort and shy , anxious to lose the saddle . will have she by the halter , hold she with effort , in front of the house . will she be not hardly a saddle horse no more , paw . she be not use to the feel . munny walk up and put he hand on penny 's head fondly . munny they flower , penny , I could tell you maw like they , hear ? ( turn to will ) take care of you sister , son . you can kill three chicken if you need , not no more . keep the hog that get fever separate if you can . a ' if you need help , go see Sally two - tree over to ned logan' . then he turn to the mare and shove a foot in the stirrup to mount but the horse shy and munny go down in the dust look very undignify . and penny be horrify and humiliate for she father whom she worship and will 's eye be big because munny 's coat come open and he catch a quick glimpse of the Starr pistol stick in the waist band . munny ( brush himself off , embarrassed ) ai not feel a saddle in a while myself . then munny have one foot in the stirrup and the horse start to shy and munny have to hop around with one foot stirrupe and the other not ... and when he try to swing aboard he fall back ... munny ( cont 'd ) easy old gal , easy ... and he still can not make it , so to cover he embarrassment he talk to the kid while he hop around desperately try to mount . 19 . munny ( cont 'd ) now this here horse be gettin ' even on I ... hold on gal ... for the sin of my youth ... in my youth ... before I meet ... you dear depart mother ... I be weak a ' givin ' to mistreatin ' horse a ' such . a ' this here horse ... a ' that ole pig , too , I guess ... be my comeuppance for my cruelty ... at last he be in the saddle and take a deep breath . munny ( cont 'd ) use to be I could cuss a ' hurt a animal ... till you depart mother , God rest she , show I the error of my way . munny turn the albino mare and start out the gate go weat toward the field . munny ( cont 'd ) ( over he shoulder ) I will not be no longer than a couple of week . remember how the spirit of you depart maw watch over you . will and penny be watch he go and will be fight back the tear but penny have lose the battle and she be cry and the horse whinny . view on munny twenty yard away get up off the ground and try to catch the shy , prancing horse on foot , he dignity a shamble . int . alice' room - night Alice in pain because skinny be twist she arm and they be in Alice 's room ... it be still night ... and the other whore be there , scared , nervous . skinny ( furious ) where would you get the money , huh ? alice ( in pain ) we be not get it . we be not get no money . skinny you tell they cowboy you have it . 20 . alice we be ... lyin' . skinny ( let she go ) what you gonna do when somebody come to collect ? ( yell ) fuck ' em ? fuck ' em a thousand time ? ( go to door , then stop ) the kind of people who will come after that thousand , they will not tolerate if you do not have it . they will not just cut you face up a little . ( scream ) stupid cunt ! ext . little bill be house - day view on hot SUN blaze down . bang bang bang , hammer on nail and the finger hold the nail be swollen and purple and then ... whup Hammer on flesh . little bill oh , shit , shit a ' damn , oh fuck my mother and my father , of damn a ' jesus . Little Bill be hopping around in he hat and boot and nothing else in front of he brand new one story , four room , frame house that have not be paint it 's so new and do not have a porch yet , though that be be begin ... sort of . in fact ... the house do not look quite right ... look a little lopsided . skinny dubois be stand there , in the clear wiping he brow and catch he breath and watch Little Bill . skinny hit you finger , huh ? little bill ( surprised ) huh ? hullo , skinny . snuck up on I . ( indicate the house proudly ) how do you like she ? skinny ( look critically ) Heard you do the roof yourself . 21 . little bill roof ? Jesus , skinny , I do practically every damn thing myself . Roberts boy haul wood , that 's all . skinny what 's all that wood ? little bill ( enthusiastically ) Porch . I be puttin ' a porch on she so 's I can puff my pipe of a evening a ' drink my coffee a ' watch the sun set . Little Bill be back at it , haul a four by six into position . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( over he shoulder , proudly ) you come clear up here just to get a look at she ? the train whistle scream loudly below in the valley and turn nervously , skinny can see a puff of steam above the distant tree . skinny they whore ... ( he pause , reluctant to go on ) Little Bill be not really pay attention to anything but he house . little bill yeah ? skinny they whore , they be fuckin ' a ' fuckin ' all they cowboy that come into town the last two week ... little bill ( chuckle ) shit , skinny , we get railroad baron a ' cattle baron , but you ' be gonna be the first of the billiard baron . skinny ( ignore he ) ... they be fuckin ' them , ' a tellin ' every bow - legge one of ‘em how they be payin ' a thousand dollar to whatever sonofabitch kill they two boy which cut up delilah . 22 . Little Bill drop the board he 's hold up and turn sharply to skinny . down in the valley the train whistle scream and after a long , tense moment , Little Bill turn and look out over the valley , frown . little bill a ' all they cowboy be riding that beef down to Kansas an' cheyenne ? skinny ( unhappily , drop he eye ) yup . little bill all week ? skinny ( apologetically ) I do not hear nothin ' till last night . little bill Word must have get all the way to Texas by now . skinny ( quickly ) oh , shit , Bill , I guess nobody 's gonna come clear from Texas . little bill ( sit down ) they really get all that money , they whore ? skinny ( sit beside Bill ) you know how woman kin lie ... I knock " they around a little , ask them where the money be , they say they do not have none ?... but they coulda squirrele away that much , the five of them . maybe . ( pause ) little bill that much , huh ? skinny ( hopeful ) you could run off they two cowboy . little bill ( sharply ) I could run off they whore . 23. skinny ( after a pause ) well , I guess they will just up a ' run anyhow , they two . little bill ( glumly ) nope . they will stay out on the spade country where they get friend . the train whistle scream down in the valley and the train be chugge in the distance , pull out , head South . skinny shit , Bill , could be nobody will not come at all . ext . logan house - day sally two tree , weed under a hot sun . she be a indian woman about forty year old , heavy , and she be pull weed from a neat garden near the Logan House and she look up and she see something and frown and keep look and do not like what she see , her Pov : a man in the distance riding a albino mare , make he way slowly through the prosperous field of young corn . view on sally she look over at she husband , ned logan , who be work not far away and he seem to " hear " she look because he turn to she and , see she troubled expression , he follow she look and he too see the rider on the albino mare . ned I will be damned . it 's billy munny . ned be about forty , bald , a farmer , but not as seedy look as he old friend , Bill munny . view on munny try to dismount and the albino prancing and munny staggering and Sally look at the scene grimly . munny ( awkwardly ) hullo Sally ... I ... uh , I be not see you in near as long as this , uh ... as this horse be not feel the saddle . 24 . munny get up out of the dust look uncomfortable and Sally just stare at he coldly . ned ( warmly ) come on in outta the sun , Bill . Sally , you see to Bill 's horse . munny nod a uncomfortable thank - you to Sally as ned lead he toward a house that be very different from munny 's . it be a two story frame house freshly paint and surround by a well - tend garden , a tool shed , a barn and lush field . as the man disappear into the house Sally lead the albino toward the barn . her sharp eye do not miss the stock of the shotgun where it protrude slightly from the bedroll . her eye seem to see even into the future ... and all they see be trouble . int . logan house - day close on clean ceramic coffee mug as ned take they from a tidy cabinet in he cozy kitchen with the cast iron stove , the solid table . munny be sit at the table look moodily into space . ned ( earnestly ) we be not bad man no more , Bill . Hell , we be farmer . munny ( thoughtfully ) should be easy killin ' they ... supposin ' they do not run off to Texas first . ned ( take the pot from the stove ) how long since you shot a gun ata man ? ( pause ) nine ... ten year ? munny eleven . ned easy , huh ? Hell , I do not know that it be all that easy then ... a ' we be young a ' full of bean . ( pour coffee ) Bill ... if you be mad at ‘em ... if they do you wrong ... I could see shootin ' them ... 25 . munny ( look ned in the eye ) we do stuff before for money , ned . ned ( sit down ) well , we think we be doin ' it for money ... ( he pause , remember ) what would they do anyhow ? cheat at card , steal some stray , spit ona rich fella ? munny cut up a woman . cut she eye out , cut she tit off , cut she finger off ... do everythin ' but cut up she cunny , I guess . ned ( after chew on that one ) well , I guess they get it comin ' ... ( and he pause and look munny in the eye ) but you would not go if Claudia be alive . it hit munny like salt in a wound and he just take it . they both know ned be right and they think about it silently . finally munny speak glumly . munny ( get up and go to the door ) I guess you would not mind to look in on my youngster next week . might be you could help they move a couple of they pig if they get to separate them more . ned have be think about it while munny 's talk , wrestle with it and now munny be out the door . ned how long you gonna be , Bill ? munny two week , I guess . ned this kid , what 's he like ? 26 . munny turn and look at ned and they eye meet and munny realize ned be come . ned ( cont 'd ) Three way ? munny yup . you still get the Spencer rifle ? ned ( grin ) yeah , an' I could still hit a bird in the eye flyin' . ext . logan house - day munny landing with a thud in the dust and pick himself up hurriedly and casting a sheepish glance over he shoulder at ned as he make another awkward effort to mount the mare . ned ( amaze at this performance ) Jesus , Bill . close view the sad , wise eye of Sally two tree as she watch the two rider disappear in the distance . she eye be say good - bye . ext . path - day the rider in the distance . one horse be walk and the white one be prancing and shy in a unruly manner while she rider fight desperately for control . ext . OPEN country - day sunset , and ned and munny riding in open country . ned he musta be movin ' right along . munny we will come across he tomorra , I guess . ext . camp - night night and the sizzling campfire as ned empty the grease from the fry pan into the fire . munny be already lie down , fussing in he blanket to get comfortable and the cricket be chirp up a storm . 27 . munny get use to my bed . ai not gonna feel to home out here . ned ( get into he blanket ) well , it be not just the bed I be gonna miss . I be ... ( he stop suddenly ) Hell , billy , I be sorry . I do not mean ... munny it be not nothin ' , do not fret it . ( pause ) she do not like it much , you goin ' off with I . ned Sally ? munny she give I the evil eye . ned it 's just ... she 's a indian an' Indians be not ... overfriendly . munny I be not blamin ' she , ned , I be not holdin ' it against she . ( pause ) she know I back then ... a ' she see what a no good sonofabitch I be ... a ' she will not allow how I have change . she just do not know how I be not like that no more . ned well , she ... munny ( urgently ) I be not the same , ned. Claudia , she ... straighten I up , get I clear of the whiskey a ' all . we goin ' to do this killin' ... that do not mean I be back to like I be . I just need the money ... for a new start ... for they youngster . ( long pause ) remember that drover , the one I shot in the mouth so 's the tooth come out the back of he head ? ( more ) 28 . ( long pause ) ( cont 'd ) I dream about he now a ' again . I do not have no reason to shoot he ... not one I could remember when I sober up . ned you be a ... a crazy sonofabitch . munny nobody like I ... none of the boy . they be scared of I ... figure I might shoot them out of pure meanness . ned you be not like that no more . munny Eagle ... he hate my gut . bonaparte do not like I none . ned nor quincy , I guess . munny quincy , he be always watchin ' I . scare . ned you be not like that no more . munny Hell , no . I be just a fella now . be not no different from anyone else no more . after a pause , ned roll over to go to sleep and say something kind by way of say goodnight . ned Hell , Bill , I always like you ... even back then . ned settles in he cover and so do munny and the cricket chirp for a long moment but munny can not sleep with the lie . munny no you do not . you be not no different , ned. ( and we ... ) ext . train - day daylight and a train whistle scream . 29 . int . railroad coach - day the headline on the newspaper say " President garfield wound . " fuzzy , a cowboy , be sit in the rock coach read the paper with great effort , partly because of the motion of the train and partly because fuzzy can not read very well ... but crocker , the rough look cowboy on the seat next to he can not read at all . crocker all I want to know be what sonofabitch shot he , that 's all . be it one of they John bull asshole ? across the aisle two well dress gentleman be sit . the one by the window , the lean one in the frock coat and slouch hat , be ww beauchamp and the one on the aisle , pudgy , pinkcheek , with neat muttonchop whisker , wear a frock coat and waistcoat and a silk slouch hat in spite of the heat , be english bob . English Bob have beady blue eye , be about thirty - five and pull constantly on a good cigar . english bob ( in a rich English accent ) no , sir , I believe the would - be murderer be a gentleman of french ancestry ... or so it would seem . I hope I will not give offense if I observe that the french be know to be a race of assassin , though they can not shoot worth a damn ... any frenchman among the present company exclude of course . crocker , not like or understanding the interruption , give English Bob a hard stare . fuzzy ( to crocker ) say here a fellow by the name of " gitto . " " g-u -I --t ... " crocker ( eye on Bob ) sound like a damn John bull to I . " gitto . " thirsty , a cowboy sit behind crocker , turn in he seat , sense the tension in the air and ww feel it too and shift uneasily ... but English Bob be unperturb and he puff cheerfully on he cigar . 30 . english bob well , sir ... again not wishing to give offense ... it might be a good idea if the country be to choose a Queen ... or even a King ... rather than a president . one be not as quick to take a shot at a King or a Queen . the majesty of royalty , you see ... crocker ( provocative ) maybe you do not wish to give offense , sir , but you be givin ' it pretty thick . this country do not need no queen whatsoever , I guess . crocker be shifting in he seat so that the revolver in he holster be prominent and there be uneasy stir among the nearby passenger . a drummer look around for exit . crocker ( cont 'd ) as a matter of fact , what I hear about queen ... thurston shut up , Joe . crocker ( to thurston ) huh ? what 's get up you ass , thirsty ? this dude asshole ... thurston ( to crocker , but he eye on Bob ) might be the " dude " be English Bob ... the one who work for the Union Pacific shootin' chiname . might be he want for some dumb cowboy to touch he pistol ... so 's he can shoot he down . English Bob , unperturb , just pull on he cigar . crocker ( sober ) that a fact , mister ? you English Bob ? english bob ( affably ) why do not we shoot some turkey , friend ? ten shot ... a dollar a turkey . I will shoot for the Queen , and you can shoot for ... whomever . 31 . ext . train - day turkey burst from long nebrasks grass as the train whistle scream . blam ! a turkey plummet to earth . blam ! another go down . view on english bob on the sway platform between car , he pistol smoking and bob bring it up again fast and sight and blam ! a explosion of feather plummete down and disappear in the long grass . view on the other side of the platform where ww beauchamp , crocker , thurston , fuzzy and the nervous drummer , in a cheap bowler , be stand . they be all impressed with the fact that English Bob be one hell of a shot with a pistol . english bob ( to crocker ) I believe that 's eight for I ... to one for you . a matter of seven of you american dollar . crocker ( grudgingly count silver dollar ) pretty damn good shootin ' .... ( dare ) for a John bull . english bob ( accept the money cheerfully ) no doubt you aim be affect by you grief over the injury to you uh ... president . ext . train stop - day bawling cattle milling in the pen south of Big whiskey , and the train hiss and steaming at a standstill . close view two leather valise and a leather rifle case as muddy chandler toss they on he mud wagon , a sort of open stagecoach . the scene be one of chaos as the train steam and hiss and baggage be toss off and more be toss on . 32 . chandler it 's a nickel up to Big whiskey , gentleman . ww hand Chandler the money and , as he and English Bob climb into the mud wagon , they be accost by germany joe schultz who run the livery stable and do horse business with railway passenger on the side . germany joe I godd nize horze I zell you , boyce . nize prize for Independence Day , boyce . ext . mud wagon - day English Bob and W riding in the mud wagon , bounce uncomfortably in spite of the slow pace , and eat dust and sweat profusely . english bob ( irritably ) it 's the climate do it . that and the infernal distance . ww do what ? english bob induce people to shoot person in high place . ( mop he brow with he handkerchief ) it 's a savage country . that 's the second one shot in twenty year . it 's uncivilize shoot people of substance . the mud wagon rattles past the South Road sign . it be similar to the one of the North Road and say : no firearm in big whiskey . ordinance 14 . deposit pistol and rifle county office . ext . big whisky inn - day deputy andy russell step out of the County Office as the mud wagon clatter to a stop in front of the Big Whisky Inn . Andy be just twenty , a good look kid with a badge on he vest and a holster pistol . he watch the passenger climb out of the mud wagon and , as English Bob alight , he frock coat part and give andy just the quick glimpse of a holster pistol under the coat . 33 . andy pardon I , gentleman , but local ordinance oblige you to surrender you sidearm to proper authority for the duration of you visit . ww look at English Bob and English Bob turn and look Andy up and down very coolly . english bob proper authority eh ? ( breezily ) well , sir ... neither my companion nor I carry firearm on we person . Rather , we trust in the goodwill of we fellow man and the forbearance of reptile . and English Bob give a smart bow , turn with a swirl of coat- tail that allow a brief glimpse of not one , but two holster pistol , and march off . as ww follow English Bob , he glance nervously back to see what young Andy will do but Andy just stare nonpluss . in that quick glimpse , Andy see how the weapon be tie down with thongs , meaning the owner want a quick pull ... and this shit be out of he league . int . county office - day ker -chick , clack , a henry rifle cocked and the action check . Andy be clean the weapon in the County Office . andy unarm , my ass . shuck , ka-chak . charley hecker break open a single barrel shotgun and move a shell in . charley ( wiping he brow nervously ) Christ , it 's hot . fatty ( ( cheerfully ) if I be gonna get shot , I druther it be hot then cold . everythin ' hurt more in the cold . fatty be sit in a chair in front of the empty jail cell clean a revolver , oblivious to the tension . fatty ( cont 'd ) you know how if you hit you thumb in the cold , how it ...? 34 . charley shut up , fatty . fatty I only say ... outside a horse clatter up fast and Andy jump nervously to the window . andy clyde 's back . charley Little Bill with he ? andy no. charley ( worried ) shit . clyde burst in the door . he be wear two gun - belt cross , with a holster on each side . since he have only one arm , he carry one pistol butt forward and the other butt back . clyde you boy clean my remington ? fatty ( hold it up ) clean a ' load . charley where 's Little Bill for Christ sake ? clyde ( inspect the pistol ) ha . he be building he fuck porch . charley Building he porch ! fatty if you be to get shot , Andy , would you like it better to be a hot day or ...? andy ( sharply ) I be not gonna get shot . charley ( to clyde ) he 's come be not he ? 35 . clyde ( eject shell ) " course he 's come . fatty hey , I just load she . watcha doin ? clyde I do not trust nobody to load my gun , not for a shootin' . charley what would he say ? clyde Little Bill ? he do not say nothing . like I say , he be buildin ' he porch . have you see that thing ? fatty ( sulk ) it be all load . Jesus , clyde , you get three pistol a ' only one arm for Christ sake . clyde ( to fatty ) I just do not wanna get kill for lack of shootin ' back . ( to charley ) you know there be not a straight angle in that whole goddamn porch ... or in the whole house for that matter . he 's the worst fuck carpenter . charley ( worried ) he do not say nothin' , huh ? clyde ( put the 3rd pistol in he belt ) ask what they look like , that 's all . Christ , maybe he 's tough but he sure be not no carpenter . charley maybe he be not so tough . clyde look up , surprised . there be a sudden silence . andy ( blurt it ) he seem like ... like he be ... scared ? 36 . clyde ( amaze ) Little Bill ? him scared ? charley we never see he up against any ... like this one ... killer . clyde ( look at the frighten face of charley and Andy ) Little Bill come out of Kansas an' Texas , boy . he work they tough town . charley ( ashamed ) just wonder . anybody could be scared . Andy drop he eye and look away from clyde . clyde ( with meaning ) no . he be not scared , boy . he just be not a good carpenter . int . barbershop - day English Bob , delight in the smooth feel of he freshly shave pink cheek , climb cheerfully out of the barber chair , still chatter at the poor barber . english bob ... can see that there 's a dignity in royalty ... a majesty ... that preclude the likelihood of assassination . the barber be apply he little whisk broom to Bob 's waistcoat while ww pull out he purse to make payment . english bob why , if you be to point a pistol at a King or a Queen , sir , I can assure you you hand would shake as though palsie ... barber ( look at Bob 's pistol ) I would not point no pistol at nobody , sir . 37 . english bob ( put on he frock coat over he gun ) a wise policy . but if you do , I can assure you , the sight of royalty would cause you to dismiss all thought of bloodsh and stand ... in awe . ( pause ) whereas , a president ... I mean , why not shoot a president ? the barber do not know how to take this guy , and just ogle he . english bob ( cont 'd ) now this strawberry Alice person , tell I again . barber down the street and across . greely 's beer Garden and billiard parlor . just ask for Alice and say you want a game of billiards . english bob ( about to exit ) billiard , eh? even though I do not really wish to play ? barber do not matter . they burn the table in ' 78 for firewood . english bob ah , I see . ww have already step out and English Bob follow he out the door . ext . barbershop / MAIN STREET - day English Bob step out the door . english bob come on , W. let 's ... something 's wrong ! there be a funny quiet and ww be freeze like a ramrod . English Bob look around . view on charlie hecker ten yard to Bob 's right , point a 12 gauge shotgun and fatty rossiter a few foot away point he old enfield . 38 . view on andy russell on Bob 's leave , pale and tense , point he Henry , and clyde ledbetter kneel near he , leveling one of he pistol . view on little bill stand ten yard away in the empty dusty street where the fourth of July flag be flap . little bill hullo , bob. boy , this here be English Bob . english bob ( under he breath ) shit and fry egg . little bill be a long time , Bob . you run out of chiname ? english bob ( recover he composure ) Little Bill , I think you be dead . I see you shave off you chin whisker . little bill ( feel he chin ) well , I be always taste the soup two hour after I et it . view on the STREET empty , silent . view face in the window of the Blue bottle restaurant . egg anderson , tom luckinbill mrs . peevey , hoppity thomas , peer out . view alice , kate and little sue in greely window and , in the open doorway , ready to duck for cover , skinny and Germany Joe schultz and paddy mcgee , the cooper . view on english bob english bob what I hear be that you fall off you horse drunk and break you neck . little bill I hear that one myself , bob. ( more ) 39 . little bill ( cont 'd ) Hell , I even think I be dead till I find out it be just I be in nebraska . ( pause ) who 's you friend ? english bob www beauchamp ... Little Bill daggett and ... " friend . " ww ( nervous ) from n-n-newton ?... and h-hays and a - a-abilene ? english bob ( dryly ) the same . charley be take all this in wide - eye . little bill you work for the railroad too , mister beauchamp ? ww ( scared to death ) n- no . I wr-wr-wr-write ... I wr-wr - write ... little bill letter ? english bob book . he 's my biographer . little bill ( fight amazement ) and ww be reach for a pocket . view Andy and charley and clyde and fatty tensing to fire . view on english bob english bob I would not do it , www . ww freeze , terrify ... and a puddle of urine form at he foot . 40 . ww it 's only a b-b-b-book ... little bill ( he pistol half - draw ) a book , huh ? ( return he pistol and glance at the piss ) I guess that mean you can read ... an' I guess you boy see they sign about surrender you firearm ... but then , like you tell old Andy there , you be not armed , be you , Bob ? english bob not really ... ( shrugging ) maybe a couple of peacemaker ... ( bargain ) I imagine you could overlook that , eh , Bill ? if you do not see they ... or hear they ? little bill ( cold as ice ) I guess not , Bob . I do not like gun around . with a sardonic glance at the arsenal train on he English Bob give a shrug and hold open he coat in surrender , expose two fancy holster pistol . Little Bill give Andy a head signal and Andy step forward and take the pistol from English Bob 's holster . little bill ( cont 'd ) charley , see what kind of " book " mister beauchamp be pack ... but watch you do not get wet . english bob ( to Andy ) be careful with that , sonny . onlooker be step out of doorway now and move timidly into the street form a large semi-circle . the whore be among they . charley no shit , Little Bill , all he 's get be this here book . charley hold up a dime novel with a lurid cover show a gentleman in a top hat protect a woman with he body while 41 . fire two pistol at seven dishevel look " western type . " the title be " the Duke of death . " little bill ( read with effort ) the ... duck of death . ww d-d-d-duke . the d-d-duke of death . English Bob start to go but Little Bill put a hand on he shoulder . little bill give I the .32 , Bob . furious , English Bob turn and look into Bill 's eye and then , see no alternative , open he vest espose a small pistol . english bob you leave I at the mercy of my enemy . little bill ( take the pistol ) enemy , Bob ? you be talk about the Queen again ? on Independence Day ? a lot of the tension have go out of the occasion and the crowd be beginning to murmur and people be start to move and a couple of kid be run when suddenly ... crunch ! English Bob 's face seem to cave in with the force of Little Bill 's fist and Bob literally fly backward and slam into the side of the barber shop . view Alice gasp ... Andy 's jaw drop ... Little Sue 's eye bulge ... charley gulp . view on english bob slump against the wall , blood pour from he unhinge jaw , amaze . english bob wh ... what ... ? Little Bill walk calmly up to he and wham ... kick he hard in the chest . 42 . view silky have a hard time swallow and Mrs. peevey turn away and egg horrify and Alice 's scared face . view on english bob bloody , on all four , pull a knife from he waistcoat ... but the whole effort be painful and hopeless . he have not a chance . Little Bill look down at he for a moment from he enormous height , watch the smaller man 's pitiful effort , then slam !... Little Bill kick he in the rib hard and you can hear air go out of Bob , and Bill step hard on Bob 's knofe hand and the bone crunch loudly . view ww , white as a ghost and Andy be try not to vomit . there be the sound of another brutal blow . view English Bob on all four in the dusty street now , barely conscious . ka-whump ! Little Bill kick he again , not angrily , but hard . little bill I guess you think I be kickin ' you , Bob ... but it be not so . ( wham , another kick ) what I be doin ' be talkin' , hear ? I be talkin ' to all they villain down in Kansas a ' they villain in cheyenne ... ( whump ) lettin ' they know there be not no whore ' gold ... Little Bill turn and look hard at the whore and Alice be sick from the violence and Little Sue be bite she lip and silky have tear in she eye . little bill ( turn back to Bob and kick he ) ... a ' how if there be ... how they would not want to come lookin ' for it anyhow . Little Bill look down with eye as cold as ice and English Bob grovel in the bloody dust , barely conscious . 43. ext . OPEN country - day open country under a hot sun and munny and ned riding they horse at a walk and the saddle creak and bird chirp in the five foot high grass . it be late morning in Northern Kansas and they have be riding since dawn , mostly in silence , but ned have something on he mind and he glance at munny and frown and then finally he blurt he question . ned say , Bill ... you ever ... ever go into town ... a ' all ? munny ( surprised at the question ) sure , I get to . get to get supplies . ned no. I mean ... ( embarrassed ) ... a ' get yourself a woman ? you know ? munny look away quickly , embarrassed , and it seem like he be not go to answer and then , when he finally do , he keep he eye on the horizon . munny naw . naw , I do not ever go into town for that . ( pause ) a man like I ... a man like I can not get no woman but one he 's gonna pay for ... a ' that be not right ... buyin ' flesh . ( look at ned ) Claudia , God rest she soul , she would not have want I doin ' nothin ' like that , I bein ' a father , a ' all . ( he look away again ) ned ( rhetorically ) whaddaya do , just use you hand ? munny ( after a nervous glance at ned ) sometimes ... yeah . ( look at the horizon ) I do not miss it all that much . ned be shaking he head , wonder at the transformation of he old friend when ... 44 . crack ! a rifle shot and the albino mare rear violently , whinnying and hurl munny out of the saddle and ... ned 's roan bolt at full speed , ned barely stay aboard . crack ! another shot . view on munny on all four in the tall grass . he feel he forehead and wipe away a little blood , and shake he head to clear it . then he hear rustling in the long grass and he whirl and pull the Starr out of he belt and sit back he aim at where he hear the noise and he pull back the hammer with a loud click . ned' voice ( a whisper ) billy . billy . munny ( lowering the pistol , relieved ) yeah . ned crawl out of the grass next to munny . ned some fucker 's shootin ' at we . munny yeah . ned ( alarmed , see blood ) he hit you ? munny naw . I bump my head fallin ' off of my horse . crack , another shot . ned look puzzle and he lift he head up and try to look around without expose himself . a hundred yard away ned can see a clump of four or five tree and there be a little cloud of black smoke still hang in the air there and then a sudden flash of fire , smoke and crack ! ned do not even duck , he just frown . ned he be not shootin ' we way no more . ( more ) 45 . ned ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the leave ) he 's shootin ' over that way . who 's he shootin ' at over that way ? munny beat the hell out of I . ned you suppose maybe we be in somebody 's field ? munny I do not see nothin ' plant . crack . another shot . ned duck urgently . ned fuck , he 's shootin ' at we again . crack , crack , crack . ned ( cont 'd ) Jesus , he 's shootin ' up the whole fuck horizon . munny be thinkinh about it , have a idea , weigh it and give it atry . munny ( shouting ) hey . ned you be mark we , Bill . munny ( ignore he ) hey , kid . ned kid ? the kid 's shootin at we ? munny be that you , kid ? ned why would the kid shoot at we ? munny hey kid , it's I , bill munny . ext . tree - day the kid rifle at he cheek be crouch behind one of the tree . his horse be stand nearby . 46 . munny'' voice ( 0.s. ) hey , kid , be that you ? it 's I , Bill munny . the kid be frown and finally he make up he mind . the kid ( shouting ) yeah . it be I . munny'' voice ( 0.s. ) do not shoot at we no more , okay ? the kid be peer around the tree and squinting ferociously . he Pov : the field . it be one big blur . he can not see worth a shit . the kid squinting and peer and worry . the kid who you got with you ? munny'' voice ( 0.s. ) ned Logan . my old partner , ned Logan . do not you shoot no more , okay ? the kid do not like it , he 's nervous and twitching , try desperately to see what 's go on out there . munny'' voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we be gonna collect we horse a ' come on over . you be not gonna shoot no more , be you ? the kid no , I ain 't . ext . tree - day view on munny bedraggle and sweaty , walk into the clump of tree lead he horse and ned , behind he , lead he roan and look just as bad . munny have to chase the damn horse a mile . the kid be sit under the shade tree look sullen . ned ( angry ) ; what be you shootin ' at we for , anyhow ? 47 . the kid think you be followin ' I . munny well , we be . like you say , I change my mind a ' ... the kid be not nothin ' say about no partner . ned well , this here 's ned Logan ... ned , this here 's the schofield kid , nephew of Pete sothow a 's ... the kid I see two fella followin ' I , I guess they come to kill I . ( pause ) we do not talk about no other fella . munny ( squatting in front of the kid , talk in a persuasive tone ) well , now kid , there 's two of this cowboy , be not that so ? better there 's three of we ... maybe they cowboy get friend . maybe ... the kid I be gonna kill they two by myself . it do not take three . ned walk over to where the kid 's rifle be lean against the tree and the kid be watch nervously . munny now ned 's a hell of a shot with a rifle . Hell , he can hit a bird in the eye flyin' . ned ( pick up the kid 's rifle ) better and you anyhow , kid . you be not comin ' close . the kid keep you damn hand offa that rifle , mister . the kid be touch he pistol and ned put the rifle down , annoyed . 48 . ned I be only checkin ' it for you . think maybe something ' be bent . the kid nothin 's bent . ned well , you be shootin ' every which way a ' ... the kid ( to munny ) you gonna share you half with he ? munny Three way , I figure . the kid no. munny ( to ned ) sorry , ned . guess I waste you time . see ya , kid ! munny turn to go and ned give the kid a disgust look and turn away . the kid ( to munny ) you be goin ' back with he ? munny ( turn ) he 's my partner . he do not go , I do not . ned be mount and munny start to mount too , but the mare be as reluctant as ever , shy and prancing while munny hop awkwardly with one foot in the stirrup . the kid what 's it come to , three way ? munny turn and look at the kid . ext . OPEN country - day the three of they riding across open country . the kid look like he still have a thorn up he ass and the only sound be the creak of saddle . Storm cloud be gather behind they on the horizon . munny oh shit . 49 . and the kid look back but of course he can not figure out what it be they see . the kid what the hell be you pissin ' about , I would like to know ? munny ( astonished ) huh ? the kid well , what be you lookin ' at anyhow ? munny lookin ' at ? ned Cloud , kid . we be lookin ' at they cloud on account of we get a storm ridin ' up we ass . the kid ( look back ) oh , they . ( petulantly ) Hell , I see they . ned frown and look at the kid and something be bother ned . ext . stream bed - day a dry stream bed and the three man be riding single file now with the kid in the lead but ned have be think and , trot with he horse , he pull alongside the kid . ned you be right to change you mind , kid . the kid ( surly , suspicious ) yeah ? ned ( proudly ) I be a damn good shot . ( look up ) see that hawk up there ? I could kill that hawk with one shot . view on the empty sky . there be not any hawk . view on munny who be right beside they be look up and he do not see any hawk and he look at ned like he think ned be crazy and he frown . 50 . the kid just look up and squint and look ahead at the trail and keep riding . the kid Hell , I could hit it too if I do not mind waste a shot . and munny look up again , amaze , because they must be crazy , both of they . and ned rein he horse hard . ned there be not no hawk up there , kid . and the kid rein and turn and he lock eye with ned . he know he 's be find out . ned ( cont 'd ) can not see worth a shit , can you ? the kid be furious , he eye flick around and he spot something and he pull out the schofield . the kid see they fuck turtles ? view on three turtle make they way up the stream bed ten yard away . view on the kid his schofield spitting fire and smoke blam , blam . view on the turtle blam , the third turtle explode and follow the other two to oblivion . view on the men munny ( impressed ) shit. ned ( impressed but hold back ) how far kin you see ? the kid Far enough . ned we be not goin ' to nebraska on no turtle hunt . a hundred yard ? 51 . the kid more . ned ( testing ) see that scrub oak yonder ? the kid ( furious ) fuck you . ned ( to munny ) he 's blind , for chri ... the kid ( point he pistol at ned ) I be not blind , you asshole . munny now hold on , boy , hold on . now , kid , you kin see fifty yard , can not you ? the kid Bet you ass I kin see fifty yard a ' I kin shoot this sonofabitch ... munny easy , kid , easy . ( look ned in the eye ) now , you hear that , ned ? the kid can see fifty yard fine , hear ? ned ( under he breath ) Jesus . munny fifty yard be not bad . ( glance at the horizon ) guess we better get along . ext . sky - day STORM cloud building behind they on the horizon . int . county office - night close on a book the lurid cover , " the Duke of death " by W. W. beauchamp . 52. Little Bill be look at the cover , he foot propped on he desk in the county office . it be night and the office be light with a oil lamp . little bill ( refer to the book ) they boy look like real hard case . do you kill all seven of ‘em dead , Bob ... or do you just wing some of " they ? English Bob be lie on he back on a cot in the little cell a few foot away . he turn he head toward Little Bill and he swollen face be horrible to behold . of course , he do not answer except with the nasty eye . little bill ( cont 'd ) that be you there , be not it , Bob ? the duck of death ? ww ( dare ) uh ... Duke . ww be in the little cell next to English Bob 's . little bill oh yeah ... Duke . well , Bob , you always be hell a ' Jesus with a pistol ... but seven of ‘em , a ' you protectin ' the lady too ... how would you do it ? English Bob just turn he malignant stare away but ww screw up he courage and assert himself ... sort of . ww uh ... it 's ... uh ... generally consider desirable in the publishing business to ... ah ... take certain license in depict the cover scene ... for ... ah ... purpose involve the ... ah , market place . little bill well , mister beauchamp ... from what I read of this here book , I would have to say the writin ' be not a whole lot different from the pitcher . 53 . ww ( sweat , but with dignity ) uh ... I can assure you , mister daggett ... the event describe within be base ... on the account of eye witness and ... little bill ( open the book ) meaning the duck himself , I guess . ww Duke . little bill ( harshly ) duck , I say . ( read badly ) " you have insulted the honor of this beautiful woman , corcoran , " say the duck . " you must apologize . " but two gun corcoran would have none of it and , cursing , he reach for he pistol and would have kill they but the duck be faster and hot lead blaze from he smoking sixguns . " ( he toss the book on the desk , disgust ) ww ( with dignity ) I believe that to be a accurate description of the event , sir ... albeit there be a certain poetry to the language which ... little bill ( stand up ) well , mister beauchamp , I be at the Blue bottle saloon in wichita the night English Bob kill corky corcoran ... a ' I do not see you there ... nor no woman , nor no two - gun shooter nor nothin ' like that . ww ( amaze ) you be there ? ww look to English Bob for confirmation but Bob 's stare just get nastier . Little Bill be warming to the subject though , stand in front of the cell . 54 . little bill first off ... corky do not carry two pistol , though he should of . ww but he be call ... little bill some folk do call Old corky " two gun " but not because he be sportin ' two pistol but because he have a dick so big it be longer than the barrel on that Walker colt he carry . a ' the only insultin ' he do be stickin ' that big dick of he in some french Lady that Old Bob be sweet on ... well , one day corky walk into the Blue bottle and before he know what 's happen Bob take a shot at he ... and miss on account of he 's drunker than hell . ww be fascinate and he look to Bob and bob be eye be blaze and he look back at Little Bill who be beginning to act out the scene . little bill ( cont 'd ) well , that bullet whizzin ' by panicked corky , a ' he do the wrong thing ! pull he gun in such a damn hurry he shot off he own toe . meantime , Bob aim good and squeeze off another ... but he 's so drunk he miss again a ' hit the thousand dollar mirror behind the bar . well , now the duck of death be good as dead " cause this time corky do right a ' aim real good , no hurry ... ww ( beside himself ) and ? little bill bam ! that Walker colt blow up in he hand ... which be a fail common to that model . now if corky would have really have two gun instead of just a big dick he could have defend himself to the end . ww you ... you mean ... ( look at Bob ) English Bob kill he while ...? 55 . little bill well he be not gonna wait for corky to grow no new hand . he walk over real close , bein ' drunk , a ' shot he through the liver . www stare first at English Bob and then at Little Bill , appal . ext . wood - night night in the wood and ned fussing around with he blanket not far from the campfire . ned ( irritably ) no sir , I do not give up robbin ' a ' stealin ' on account of I get religion . I give it up ' cause I get too old for all this here nature . munny be lie in he blanket a few foot away , exhaust and dirty and not a bit interested in ned 's complaint . ned ( cont 'd ) I give it up ' cause I hate sleepin ' out in the air ... fuckin ' stick in my food ... a ' fuckin ' bug in my food ... a ' fuckin ' rock under my back ... ( crawl into the blanket ) shit , I sure do miss my fuckin ' bed . munny ( irritably ) yeah ... you say that last night . ned last night I say I miss my fuckin ' wife ... tonight I just miss my fuckin ' bed . lightn flash and a horse whinny and then the thunder crack and roll . munny well , I guess you be gonna miss you fuckin ' roof soon enough . ext . by the horse - night the horse , shy and skittish , and the kid be rub he face tenderly on the Morgan and whisper in a soothing voice . 56 . ext . camp - night munny and ned lie near the campfire and the kid walk up and start to fix he blanket . he look at munny thoughtfully . something 's bother he , and finally he blurt it out as he climb into he own blanket . the kid say , Bill . that business in Jackson County ... do that really happen ? I mean how they say it happen ? munny what business ? the kid ( a frown , a pause , then ... ) a ' how there be two deputy up close pointin ' rifle at you ... have you dead to rights ... a ' how you pull out a pistol a ' blow they both away to hell ... a ' only take a scratch yourself . ( pause ) uncle Pete tell I he never see nothin ' like it , shootin ' you way out of a scrape like that . munny ( uncomfortable ) well ... I do not recollect . the kid ( amaze and dubious ) you do not recollect ! the kid do not know whether he 's be rebuffe or what , but see after a moment that he conversation with munny be not get anywhere he decide to have a try at ned . the kid ( cont 'd ) say , ned ... ? ned ( curt ) yeah . the kid how many man you kill ? ( after a long pause ) ai not you gonna answer ? ned I do not like the question . 57 . the kid ( indignant ) well , I gotta know what kind of fella I be ridin ' with , do not I ? in case of a scrape . ned how many you kill , kid ? the kid five . I kill five of ‘em . ( pause ) that count a mexican I kill . ( pause ) he come at I with a knife . there be a long pause and then a flash of lightning and a roll of thunder and the nervous whinny of the horse . munny get some sleep , kid . the kid you boy be crotchety as a couple of hen . just then the rain start and it sizzle in the campfire and the horse snort and ned cover he head with he blanket . ned aw shit ! int . county office - night ww actually , then , mister corcoran be faster on the draw than the D ... English Bob ? ww be sit at Little Bill 's desk write furiously with a quill pen . it be still night and Little Bill be loung in a chair and English Bob be moan and snore in the cell . little bill faster ? fast be he mistake . if he have not of be in such a goddamn hurry he would not have shot off he toe with he first shot and he would have kill old bob. ( lecture ) see , son , bein ' a good shot a ' bein ' quick with a pistol ... that do not do no harm ... but it be not much next to bein ' cool . Little Bill pull out he pistol very deliberately ... not slowly , but not like a Hollywood fast draw . 58 . little bill ( cont 'd ) a man who will keep he head a ' not get rattle under fire ... he will kill you like as not . Little Bill be point he pistol , aim . ww but if the other fellow be quick and fire first ... little bill he will be hurryin ' and he will miss . that there be as fast as I can pull a ' aim a ' hit anythin ' more and ten foot away ... unless it 's a barn . ww but ... if he do not miss ? little bill ( laugh and holster he pistol ) then he will kill you . that be why there be so few dangerous man like old Bob there ... a ' like I . it be not so easy to shoot a man anyhow ... a ' if the sonofabitch be shootin ' back at you ... well , it will unnerve most fella . ( strike with a idea ) look here , let I show you somethin' . ( he reach into a drawer in the desk and pull out a pistol ) see this here pistol ? ww look at the pistol uneasily and over in the cell English Bob 's one eye open and he move he head slightly because he sense something be happen . Little Bill hold the pistol out to ww . little bill ( cont 'd ) take it . ( ww hesitates ) go on , take a hold . nervously ww accept the gun as though it be hot . Little Bill pull some key out of a drawer and toss they on the desk . little bill ( cont 'd ) they 's the key . all you gotta do be shoot I a ' you an' English Bob can ride out free as bird . 59 . ww ( shaking ) be ... be it ... load ? little bill would not be no good if it be not . you get to cock it though . ww look nervously over at English Bob and Bob 's eye say " do it , do it , do it . " ww gulp and he pull back the hammer and stand up and look at Bob again and Bob be nodd " yes , yes , do it . " little bill ( cont 'd ) a ' you get to point it . ( pause ) go on , point it . slowly , with tremble hand ww raise the gun and point it at Little Bill who look calmly back at he . little bill ( cont 'd ) all you gotta do be pull on the trigger , mister . www gulp and sweat come off he forehead and he point the shaking gun and Bob nod " yes " and ww bite he lip and then ... ww lower the gun slowly . he can not do it . he wipe he forehead . little bill ( cont 'd ) hot , be not it ? ( reach for the gun ) you never even put you finger on the trigger . Little Bill be reach for the pistol but ww have a frightening idea and instead of give up the pistol he step backward toward the cell . ww what if ... what if I give it to ... he . ( and he indicate Bob ) Little Bill 's eye narrow like slit and tension fill the air . little bill go ahead ... give it to he . English Bob 's eye light up in anticipation and he try to get up on one elbow . 60 . _ ww ( gulp ) r-r-r-really ? you r-r-really w-w - want ...? little bill ( like ice ) give it to he . English Bob be sit up and reach for the gun and he eye be on Little Bill and ww reach out with a shaking hand and english bob be hand just touch the gun and ... Little Bill drop he right hand to he own gun and grip the butt and ... english bob hesitates , he gaze lock with little bill be and the two man eye each other . then , furious , english bob withdraw he hand ... empty . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( grin ) guess he do not want it , mister beauchamp . Little Bill accept the pistol from the tremble W and , look straight into english bob be angry eye , little bill eject five cartridge from the chamber of the pistol . little bill ( cont 'd ) you be right not to take it , Bob . I would of kill you . www collapse into a chair and wipe sweat from he brow . little bill voice ( 0.s. ) we could use some rain , eh , mister beauchamp ? ext . camp - day barrrrroom ! thunder , lightning , rain in sheet and the albino mare rear and scream and munny landing in the mud . munny you fuck no - good goddamn shitface pig fuck dirty whore . it be daylight but the rain be so thick you can not see more than five foot and munny crawl up out of the mud wear a slicker and look like hell , already full of remorse for he outburst . ned ride up out of the rain lead munny 's horse and munny try to mount again . 61 . munny I do not mean it , old gal . the albino rear but ned be help and he hold the horse and then grab the seat of munny 's muddy pants and half shove he into the saddle . up ahead , barely visible in the rain , the kid be hold back he horse impatiently . the kid let 's go . ext . OPEN country - day a little later . rain . ned and munny riding side by side through the downpour and the kid twenty yard ahead , barely visible . munny look like shit and ned look at he with concern , deliberate , then reach into he saddle bag and pull out a bottle of whiskey and offer it . ned I brung this for when we have to kill they fellow . ( munny glance at it and look away ) I guess we could use some now . munny not for I . I do not touch it no more . ned ( exasperate ) God damn it , Bill , it 's rainin' . munny I know it 's rainin ' , ( look ahead ) give the kid a drink , why dontcha ? ned take a long pull on the bottle , re-cork it and put it in he saddle bag . he look sympathetically at he friend hunch unhappily in he saddle . ned you think the kid really kill five man ? munny just shrug and look back at the trail and keep riding . munny ( after a while ) no. 62 . ned what he be talkin ' about ... how they deputy have the drop on you a ' Pete ... munny yeah ? ned I remember how there be three of they deputy you shot ... not two . munny ( dismiss it ) well , I be not like that no more , ned . I be not no crazy , killin ' fool . ned ( after a while ) you still think it will be easy shootin ' they cowboy ? munny shrug and look straight ahead into the rain . of course , it will not be easy ... and they both know it . munny if we do not drow first . ext . MAIN STREET - day a blaze hot day and English Bob 's batter face stare out of the mud wagon which be be load up by Chandler . in the distance the train whistle toot eagerly . little bill ( to Chandler ) give they key to the conductor and tell he he can loose the cuff off of Bob soon as he 's out of the county . Little Bill be stand beside the mud wagon and ww be stand next to he and a little knot of onlooker form a semi circle . english bob ( talk through close tooth ) mmmm pistol . little bill oh yeah . Little Bill unwrap a cloth and produce the ivory-handled peacemaker ... smashed and hopelessly bent . and he give they to Bob and look he in he one furious eye . 63 . little bill ( cont 'd ) I guess you know , Bob , how if I see you again I will just start shootin ' right off a ' figure it 's self - defense . that 's fine with English Bob . he glare back and the two man understand each other perfectly and then Chandler whip the horse and the wagon start to roll . little bill ( cont 'd ) I be not stealin ' you biographer , bob. stayin ' on be he idea . and www stand there beside Little Bill and give boba shiteat look and English Bob just glare and roll away . ext . MAIN STREET - moment later as the mud wagon rattles down the dusty street English Bob stick he horrid swollen face out the window and scream insanely : english bob a plague on you ! a plague on the whole stinking lot of you ! you be uncivilize vermin , without law or moral ! you be worthless savage ! I curse you ! you be curse ! curse ! the whore , fan themselves on greeley 's porch , stare dumbfounded as the madman roll by rave . then he 's go . all that remain be the sound of he ranting , diminish in the distance and a cloud of dust settling on the hot street . sitting next to faith on the porch , Alice fan herself grimly . alice nobody 's gonna come . faith huh ? alice after what Little Bill do to the englishman . skinny step out the door and blink in the dazzle light and wipe he face . skinny delilah , they table be not clean . can not you get them clean ? delilah get up and go in , angrily brush past skinny in the doorway . 64 . skinny ( cont 'd ) ( after she ) well , if you would cover up you face , maybe somebody would want to fuck with you a ' you would not have to do all the cleanin ' . ( to the other ) whaddaya call they thing that cover the face ? faith ( look straight ahead ) a veil . skinny yeah , a veil . Christ it 's hot . there be a distant roll of thunder and skinny look off at the Southern horizon where storm cloud be gather . alice ( listlessly ) rain 's come . skinny ( emphatically ) thank God . ext . train track - day thunder and lightning and the train chugge through the storm . a second flash of lightning reveal three drench rider near the track and one of they be have trouble control he white horse . of course it be munny and as he try to hold the shy mare a flash of lightning light up a pass railroad coach and munny get just a glimpse of a strange batter face in the window . the kid be hand the whiskey bottle back to ned and ned offer it to munny again . ned you sure , Bill ? and munny just shake he head and wipe rain from he eye . ext . south road - night night and rain and the kid be chuckle drunkenly and hand the bottle back to ned who look at it and tilt it way back . they be riding along the South road in the dark . 65 . the kid ( cheerfully ) I leave you some ... about a drop . munny be hunch in he saddle , shiver , he tooth chatter . ned you alright , Bill ? munny do not look alright . he look like shit ... look sick . he do not answer and ned look worried and take the last drop from the bottle and toss it in the road near the ordinance sign which be too dark to read . int . alice' room - night Alice 's room at night , the sound of rain beat hard on the roof . Alice be play card with silky and faith when Little Sue stick she head in the door . little sue a fella 's askin ' for you , Alice . alice tonight ? you be not joshin' ? little sue ( look behind she ) this way , mister . silky and faith pick up the card to leave . alice must be randy as hell to come out in this shit . and then they look up because a water soak young man with very few front tooth and a rag stubble be stand in the doorway squinting . it be the kid . int . little bill be house - day drip drip drip . a chamber pot on the floor of Little Bill 's house collect water from a leak in the roof and Little Bill be walk about in stock foot , make a speech . little bill " no , " he say , " you be wrong Little Bill . that there be no curly J but a bobbe J . " he have work it over , you see ? ww beauchamp be sit in a chair scratch frantic note with a quill pen ... and a splotch of water hit the paper and he glance up because there be a new leak . 66 . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( continue , oblivious ) " Jim , " I say , " you be a liar anda horsethief . " now -- when he see they other be not gonna help he none -- he start in to cryin ' and sobbin ' and sayin ' ... ( mimick ) " do not kill I , Little Bill , do not kill I , please do not kill I . " ww be try to write and try to slide away from the leak without interrupt Little Bill who be delight in he own narration , oblivious to the new leak . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( in he own voice ) " well , Jim , " I say , " it make I sick to see a man struttin ' around and packin ' two pistol a ' a Henry rifle and cryin ' like a baby . " ww do you ... kill he ? little bill no , ... but I can not abide they kind ... a ' you will find a lot of they in the saloon ... tramp a ' drunk teamster a ' crazy miner ... sportin ' pistol like they be bad man , but not have no sand nor character ... not even bad character . ww be really get wet and he be move the chair . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( on he own wave length ) I do not like assassin a ' man of low character like you friend English Bob ... but Bob be not no coward who will cry to you face a ' then ... ww uh ... sheriff ... uh ... little bill huh ? oh. ( look up sadly ) another one , huh ? shit , I guess I be clean out of receptacle . ww ( try a joke with effort ) maybe you should ... hang the carpenter . 67 . little bill ( jaw drop ) what ? ww ( uneasy ) uh ... hang the ... uh ... carpenter . I ... there be a sudden loud knock on the door and Bill turn and go to the door . little bill on a night like this ? what the hell ? open the door he reveal Charlie hecker , wear a slicker and shed water like a waterfall . charley Three seedy lookin ' fella come inta town , Bill . they be down to greely 's a ' at least two of ‘em get gun . int . bar room - night close on the whiskey bottle and ned be pour the bright liquid into he glass and munny be mesmerize by the dazzle highlight . the two of they be sit at a table in greely 's smokey , dimly light bar room and the rain be beat on the roof and there be a checker game at a table fifteen foot away attend by Germany Joe schultz , Tom luckinbill , a farmer , egg Anderson , the local restauranteur and paddy mcgee the cooper . all of they be sneaking occasional , furtive glance at the stranger , as be fatty who be talk to skinny at the bar . ned ... in hell 's takin ' the kid so long ? you suppose he ... ( see munny ) Jesus , Bill you look like shit . munny look daze and shake he head to clear it . munny you ... you remember Eagle hendershot ? ned ( startle ) huh ? uh ... yeah . munny I see he . ned he 's dead , Bill . 68 . munny his head be all bust open so 's you could see the inside . ned Jesus , Bill , you get fever . take a drink , will you ? munny ( ignore ned ) worm be comin ' out . ned ( get up ) listen , Bill , I be gonna see what 's takin ' the kid so long . must be he 's gettin ' a advance offa they sportin ' lady . ned start for the back room , then stop and go back . ned ( cont 'd ) say , Bill ... if I be to ... take a little while myself ... I guess you ... I guess you ... I guess you do not want to come ? munny shake he head " no " and , as ned depart for the billiard room , munny stare vacantly at the whiskey bottle . little bill voice ( 0.s. ) . I you pistol , mister . munny ( look up , startle ) huh ? the big man in the drip slicker be stand only ten foot away ... Little Bill . and Little Bill be look at he . munny can feel everybody in the room stare at he . little bill I say , " you will want to give over you pistol . " munny can see charley move slowly along the wall on the leave for position ... and fatty be over on the right , skinny beside he ... and ww be by the door shifting nervously and the checker player be freeze in they seat and munny can feel they all ... watch he . munny uh , no . no , I be not drunk . 69 . little bill ( almost friendly ) ordinance say you get to turn in you firearm to the County office day or night . I guess you do not read it with the weather a ' all . munny ( nervously ) well ... uh ... I ... I be not get no , uh , firearm . little bill ( not friendly any more ) they friend of yours in the back , they carryin ' pistol ? munny I ... dunno . I mean , I guess not . no , they be not carryin ' no gun . little bill you be spillin ' you whiskey , mister . munny like I say , I ... little bill what 's you name ? munny uh , William ... uh ... hendershot . Little Sue look timidly in from the billiard room , bite she lip , and retreat quickly . little bill well , mister hendershot , if I be to call you a no good sonofabitch a ' a liar , a ' if I be to say you shit in you pants on account of a cowardly soul ... well , I guess then , you would show I you pistol right quick a ' shoot I dead , be not that so ? munny ( trap ) I ... I guess I might ... but like I say , I be not armed . Little Bill pull out he pistol and point it at munny and make a little motion with the barrel that mean " get up " and munny get up . 70 . Little Bill step close to he and reach out with he leave hand and open munny 's coat revealing the Starr tuck in he belt . little bill I guess you just carry it for snake a ' such . munny uh ... yeah . yeah . little bill ( cold ) there be not no snake in here , mister hendershot . munny well , uh ... it be not load . Little Bill take the pistol out of munny 's belt and slowly and deliberately eject five cartridge and he look at munny who be sweat and munny just want a way out . munny ( cont 'd ) well , the powder 's wet a ... whack ! Little Bill bring the muzzle of the gun across munny 's temple and blood flow and munny go to one knee and Little Bill kick he hard , whump ! little bill ( turn to ww ) mister beauchamp , this here be the sort of trash I be speakin ' of . munny be struggle to he foot and staggering weak - kneed to the table where he grab the whiskey bottle and break it off and turn groggily to face Little Bill . Little Bill , unperturb , advance on he and when munny strike desperately with the bottle , Little Bill block he blow easily and slam he hard with the muzzle of the pistol and munny go down again . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( to ww ) you will find this kind in the saloon of you prosperous community . ( whump , he kick munny ) but you will not find none of they in Big whiskey . munny be on the floor on all four , try gamely to get up . 71 . ext . alice' room - night ned push the kid out the window of Alice 's room and the kid be not fully dress and neither be ned but he push he frantically into the rainy night anyway and Alice be urging they on and Little Sue look ready to wet she pants . alice ( to ned ) hurry . ( to Little Sue ) you know what to say to Little Bill ? Little Sue nod " yes " but she be speechless with terror and Alice hand ned 's boot out the window to he . ext . alice' window - night outside the window , night , rain , and ned and the kid try to get dress in the mud and Alice stick she head out the window . alice you get to look sharp for that old oak . you miss the oak a ' you be not gonna find it . ned ( to the kid ) never mind you shirt , get they boot on . ned be try to get he own boot on and he go down on he ass in the mud . alice the roof be not much but ... the kid what about Bill ? what we gonna do about ... ned come on , kid . I hope they horse be still there . int . bar room - night munny crawl along the floor of the bar room , cover with blood , head for the door . little bill let the man out , ww . he be desire to leave the hospitality of Big whiskey behind he . 72 . munny be crawl past ww 's leg and ww look down at the miserable semi-conscious creature and he see clearly the leave hand and the three finger as they fight for traction and then ww step to the door and open it and munny crawl into the rain and the night . int . alice' room - night slap ! Alice get Little Bill 's big hand across the face . skinny easy , Little Bill , she 's gotta work she 's gotta turn a dollar a time . Little Bill glare at skinny . they be in Alice 's room and charley be there and Little Sue and ww and it be pretty crowded . little bill ( to Alice ) if they be just here for the fuckin' , how come they light out the back window ? alice ( defiant ) on account of they see you be beatin ' on they friend . little sue ( bravely ) th-th - they just c-c-come for the b-b - billiards , Little Bill , honest . little bill ( snort ) billiard ! ( to Little Sue ) a ' they be just passin ' through ? little sue th-th - they be g-g-goin to F -f-fort b-b-buford t-t-to ... alice ( nasty ) you just kick the shit out of a innocent man , you big asshole . little bill innocent of what ? ext . south end of town - night the south end of town , night , rain and the albino mare walk aimlessly with munny slump in the saddle and then two rider come from between two shadowy building and it be the kid and ned and they come alongside munny , one on each side of 73 . he and ned lift he slump head up and look at the batter face and wince and say with he eye what the kid say with he tongue . the kid oh , Jesus . oh , Jesus . int . shed - night candlelight , ned and the kid , and ned be sewing munny 's face with a needle and thread . ned hold he , dammit . it be some sort of straw - fill shed and they have stick a candle on a board . the kid ( sicken ) jesus. ( pause ) you do this before ? ned ( work ) plenty of time . munny be only semi-conscious and the kid be hold he face still . the kid his pistol must of jamme . ned move the candle closer , I can not see . the kid he would not of take no beat like that if it have not of jamme . he would not just give it over a ' not shoot no one . int . shed - day daylight in the shed and munny 's face , waxy yellow , crude stitching , hideous swell eye vacant , breathe heavy . he be lie in the straw and the kid be look down at he with distaste . the kid be only partly dress . the kid he do not look so good . the sound of the rain be different : it 's still come but it be not a storm any more . 74 . the shed be a irregular shelter because one wall and various part of the roof have collapse and the wood outside be clearly visible . silky be sit on some straw straighten she clothes and ned and Alice be climb out of a corner where they have obviously be at it and be in various state of dress . the kid ( cont 'd ) ( to Alice ) he do not even pull he pistol , huh ? ned ( irritate ) he be not as tough as you , kid . the kid well , I guess I woulda at least pull my pistol a ... ned shit , kid , you pull you pistol ... right outta the lady a ' out the back window . the kid that be you idea , I want to ... silky ( get up and smoothing herself ) we gotta go . the kid huh ? already ? hey , I be near ready for another advance . silky you be gonna use it all up before you get it . alice ( about to leave ) no more advance on what you be not do yet . the kid well , we be just waitin ' on the weather . if the weather break tomorrow we could ... ned ( to Alice ) we be gonna need more food ... at least three day worth ... 75 . the kid Three day ? we could kill them tomorrow . ned ( a sharp look at the kid ) I do not kill nobody without he . ( indicate munny ) the kid ( frustrated ) we do not need he . the two of we could do it . the horse be partly under the roof and Alice and silky be lead theirs out and nobody be pay attention to the kid . the kid ( cont 'd ) ( petulantly ) he be not nothin ' but a break down pig farmer . alice ( mount she horse , to ned ) one of we will bring food in the morning . I guess you will want some whiskey . ned a ' medicine if you get it ... the kid walk over to the edge of the break wall and from the other corner munny moan loudly and then scream . munny ohhhhh , ooohhhh no . no , I do not do nothin' . ned hurry over to munny and the kid be leave there with the two whore who be both mount now and the kid be embarrassed . the kid do not it make you sick , hearin ' he like that ? ( the whore turn they horse ) do not you lady worry none ... I a ' ned , we will kill that two fucker . and the kid have pick up two piece of paper that the whore give they earlier and they be charcoal sketches , one of davey bunt and the other of Quick Mike and they be pretty fair likeness . 76 . int . shed - night close on a lantern hang from a beam in the shed and it be night again and the rain have stop though you can still hear water drip from the eave . the kid it be a lot of shit what my uncle tell I , huh ? they be play card on the straw floor , ned and the kid and ned do not look up from he card . ned depend what he tell you . ( pause ) about Bill , you mean ? the kid all of it . about he , a ' you an' uncle Pete ... about robbin ' the rock Island Pacific ... a ' about they Missouri bank . ned we do that stuff . the kid well I guess Bill munny be not no fearless killer a ' bank robber like he say . in the other corner of the room munny give a loud moan and both man look at he and then back to they card . ned kid , it be not gonna mean nothin ' to you , but the roof I build on my house , it do not have a leak in it ... not one . ( the kid look perplex ) most folk think a school house be the first sign of civilizin ' ... but I say it 's a good roof . well , that amaze the kid , be stick here with this train robber - bad man and now this shit about roof and he just stare . munny'' voice ( 0.s. ) Claudia ... no ... oh , Jesus , Claudia , ohh ... ned get up and take the lantern over to where munny be lie and kneel beside he . munny look ghastly , at death 's door . 77 . ned Claudia ... be not here , Bill . munny ( reach ) ned ... be that you , ned ? ( hold ned 's arm ) ned , I see ... death . ned easy , Bill . munny I see the angel of death ned , an' I see the river . ( panicked ) he 's a snake , he get ... snake eye . ned who , Bill ? who get snake eye ? munny the angel ... the angel of death . I be scared , ned . ned , I be gonna die . ned easy , Bill , easy . the kid have walk over and be watch and it fascinate and scare he and he watch and swallow hard . munny I see she ... I see Claudia too ... ned ( soothing ) well , that 's good now , be not it , Bill ? seein ' Claudia a ...? munny she be all cover with worm . oh , ned , I be scared of dyin ' ... the kid can not take any more and he turn and walk away and ned try to comfort munny and munny grab he and pull he close . munny ( cont 'd ) ned ... do not tell nobody ... do not tell the kid ... do not tell them none of ... none of the thing I do . and ned have tear in he eye and munny 's eye be stare and he be see something horrible and we 78 . ext . shed - day a vision , daylight and the horse horribly bloody , scream silently in agony while the sound be the sound of night and the shed and the rain drip but that do not diminish the agony of the bloody animal as the whip fall on the head and the eye and we see the young man cruelly wield the whip . it be munny fifteen year earlier and it be a picture of unbelievable cruelty and viciousness ... because that be what he be like and what he remember . int . shed - night night in the shed , a little moonlight come in through the open wall . the lantern be out and the sound be the sound of munny 's labor breathe and ned and the kid be in they blanket . the kid he 's gonna die , be not he ? ned maybe . the kid well , suppose he do ? ned ( after a pause ) we will bury he . the kid that be not what I mean . ned you mean , be I gonna help you kill they cowboy ? the kid I can not spot them myself but you could . that red-haire one , you could spot a half - mile off , I bet . ned a ' if I spot ‘em ? the kid I will ride up close a ' shoot ‘em ! ned just like that ? the kid I tell you I be a damn killer . I do it before . ( more ) 79 . the kid ( cont 'd ) ( pause , you can hear munny breathe ) I be more killer than he . ned yeah ? the kid Hell , yeah . int . shed - day daylight and the cut - whore 's face . delilah be lean over munny wiping he brow . he be lie in the straw look up at she and he look like shit ... he face ghastly pale and stubble and cover with horrible cut and bad stitching ... but he eye be clear . munny I think ... you be a angel . delilah ( embarrassed , get up ) you be not dead . delilah go over to she horse and get some package out of the saddle bag . munny try to sit up weakly . munny some big guy beat the shit out of I . ( feel he sore face ) I guess I must look a lot like you , huh ? delilah ( angry , hurt ) you do not look nothin ' like I , mister . munny I do not mean no offense . ( she do not answer ) I guess you be the one they cowboy cut up . ( no answer ) ned a ' the kid , my partner , be they ... ? delilah ( coldly ) they go out scout when they see you fever break . 80 . munny scout ? delilah on the bar t... look for ... they . munny oh . how long I be here ? delilah ( still cold ) Three day . be you hungry ? munny Three day ? I must be . ext . wood near shed - day close on robin , four of they in the wood near the shed and munny be watch they where he sit wolfing chicken hungrily , he back against the shed . delilah be watch he eat . munny I think I be go . see they bird ? most time I would not even notice they bird much . but I be noticin ' " they real good ' cause I think I be dead . delilah I bring you hat . you ... leave it down at greely 's . munny that big guy lookin ' for I ? as he look over at she munny 's eye fall briefly on she expose ankle and delilah feel the look . delilah Little Bill ? he think you go North . munny can not help it and he eye flick back to the ankle . delilah ( cont 'd ) be you really go to kill they ? munny ( unenthusiastically ) yeah , I guess . ( suddenly ) there 's still a payment , be not there ? she nod and she move so that more ankle be show , but munny 's eye be draw to she breast as she move , then he 81 . look away quickly , guiltily and they sit there silently until ... delilah they other two , they be takin ' advance on the payment . munny advance ? he can not help look at she body and she know it . delilah ( shyly ) free one . her body be get to he . munny ( stupidly ) free one ? delilah Alice an' silky give they ... free one . munny ( understanding , embarrassed ) oh. yeah . delilah ( shy , timid ) you want ... a free one . munny ( look away , embarrassed ) me? no . no , I guess not . and delilah be hurt ... crush . she get up and cover it by pick up the remain of the chicken and munny be too embarrassed to look at she . delilah ( cover she hurt ) I do not mean ... with I . Alice and silky , they will give you one ... if you want . munny I ... I guess not . ( unusually perceptive suddenly ) I do not mean I do not want one ' cause of you bein ' cut up . I do not mean that . 82 . delilah keep she back to he . munny ( cont 'd ) ( try to get up ) it be not that at all . you be a beautiful woman . what I say before , how I might look like you ... I do not mean you be ugly like I , hell no ... I only mean how we both have scar . he be stand weakly , support himself on the wall and he speech be so sincere and delilah want to believe it . munny ( cont 'd ) you be a beautiful woman a ' ... if I be to want a free one , I guess I would want you more than they other . it be not ... see ... I can not have no free one on account of my wife ... delilah you wife ? munny yeah . see ? delilah ( after a pause ) I admire that , you be true to you wife . I have see a lot of ... of man ... who be not . munny ( pleased and embarrassed ) yeah , I guess . delilah she back in Kansas ? munny uh ... yeah . yeah . she 's uh ... watchin ' over the little one . and munny give she what for he be he best social smile ... sort of like a pig strangling . ext . BOX canyon - day view on the bawling calf and the red hot iron come out of the fire . it be midday in the box canyon and the four cowboy , Texas slim , johnny foley , lippy macgregor and davey bunt be brand stray and johnny have the calf down ready for the pig string but the calf kick loose and knock johnny into the fire and the other three cowboy be guffaw , they sweaty face full of the camaraderie of hardwork man who might get irritable by the end of the 83 . day but not yet . and then like a flash , still laugh , young davey be on he paint and riding like hell after the stray and it be beautiful to watch because he and the paint be like one . crack ! a rifle shot and the pony do a violent somersault and davey go over in a spray of dirt and fifty yard away Texas slim , lippy and johnny stare in freeze horror . the down pony spurt blood from he nostril , and davey 's right leg be pin under the die paint 's flank and they be maybe fifteen yard from the edge of the canyon and davey 's first think be the pony . davey oh , Jesus , fella ... ( shouting ) boy , my pony 's hurt ... and turn he see the three cowboy stand fifty yard away , freeze in they track . davey ( cont 'd ) boy ... and they suddenly turn and run away toward some rock and it be only then that the terror hit davey and in a sudden panic he try to get free of the horse . davey ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus , boy , my leg 's break . I be pin , boy . ext . boulder - day view on ned , he face cover with sweat , the Spencer against he cheek and he be crouch among some boulder up the canyon wall about three hundred yard from davey and munny be look over ned 's shoulder and the kid be try to see , too , squinting desperately , but he can not see shit . munny finish he , ned . the kid he be not dead ? you do not get he ? munny ( to the kid , without turn ) he get the boy 's horse . look down the barrel of the rifle ned can see davey struggle frantically to get free of the horse and it be a easy shot and ned be sweat , he hand be shaking and he can hear munny 's voice . 84 . munny'' voice ( 0.s. ) better get he ' fore he get clear of the horse , ned . and ned be shaking and crack , he fire . ext . BOX canyon - day view on davey and dust kick up a foot away and the extra terror give he the strength to pull free of the horse . johnny' voice ( 0.s. ) ( distant , shouting ) assassin asshole . you dirty asshole sonsabitch . ext . boulder - day munny and ned and the kid and ned be shaking . the kid do you kill he ? munny he 's clear of the horse , ned . better get he . ext . BOX canyon - day view on davey and he be crawl clear of the horse but he leg be break and it 's hard and he look toward the rock where he friend be hide sixty yard away . TEXAS slim' voice ( from behind rock ) behind you , davey . go for they rock behind you . and turn , davey can see a couple of boulder only fifteen yard away that will provide cover . ext . boulder - day ned aim and shaking . the kid what happen ? he be not dead ? what 's goin ' on ? munny ( to ned ) if he get behind they rock we be not gonna get he ... not without we go down there . 85 . the kid what rock ? why do not you shoot ? what 's goin ' on ? johnny' voice ( 0.s. ) fuckin ' bushwhackin ' asshole . and look down the barrel ned can see davey crawl for the rock and it be a easy shot and he can not do it and he look up at munny and the agony in he eye say it all . the kid ai not you gonna shoot ? be he dead ? munny grab the rifle and ned move aside and slump against a rock and munny look down the barrel and aim . munny I be not much of a shot . ext . BOX canyon - day davey crawl and crack ! the dust kick up eight foot away . he be ten yard from the boulder and it be agony to crawl . lippy' voice ( 0.s. ) keep goin ' , davey boy . crack ! Dust puff up three foot from davey 's head . ext . boulder - day munny , the rifle at he cheek and the kid lean frantically over he shoulder , try to see . munny shit ! the kid what happen , do you hit he ? bang ! bang ! pistol shot from below and the bullet ping harmlessly among the rock . the kid ( cont 'd ) they be shootin ' at we . johnny' voice ( 0.s. ) we will kill you , you asshole . munny be aim , he can see davey , nearer shelter now . crack ! he fire and see the dust spurt near davey . lippy' voice ( 0.s . ) you asshole ... you stinking ambush asshole . 86 . the kid do you get he ? where be he ? ext . BOX canyon - day davey crawl frantically and crack !... dust explode only inch from he head and he be pull himself frantically and he be only three yard from safety . ext . boulder - day close on munny and he be sweat . munny how many shot I get , ned ? ned be sit there daze , stare vacantly . bang , bang , bang , return fire ping off the rock . munny ( cont 'd ) ( aim ) how many left goddamit ? ned two . and look down the rifle munny can see davey 's head disappear behind the boulder and crack , munny fire again . the kid do you get he ? bang bang bang the pistol fire . TEXAS slim' voice ( 0.s. ) keep goin ' , davey . munny be cock and aim for he last shot and he can see davey 's leg stick out from the rock and they be not move . the kid tell I ... Christ ... johnny' voice ( 0.s. ) ...murderin ' bastard ... lippy' voice ( 0.s. ) ...fuckin ' skunk ... crack , munny fire . ext . BOX canyon - day view on dust puffing as davey 's leg disappear behind the boulder , and there be a low groan . 87 . ext . boulder - day view on munnt sit back against the rock , exhaust , cover with sweat and he hold the rifle up to the kid . munny better re-load it . the kid you miss he ? you do not ...? munny I get he . davey' voice ( 0.s. ) ( scared , hurt ) Jesus , boy , I be shot ... they shot I ... TEXAS slim' voice ( 0.s. ) you tramp ... you murderin ' tramp . the kid ( shake ) he be not kill . munny ( wash out ) maybe , maybe not . get he in the gut , I think . ext . BOX canyon - day davey lie behind the boulder and the whole front of he be soaking in bright red blood and the sun be beat down . davey oh Jesus ... I be hurt ... I be hurt . they shot I ... ext . boulder - day munny sit there , he back against the rock , stare vacantly and ned look the same . the kid ( derisively ) they asshole can not hit we up here . just wastin ' bullet . the cowboy must realize that because they stop shoot and you can hear davey moan and ned and munny just sit there and sweat and the kid be pace up and down . the kid ( cont 'd ) you think he 's gonna die ? you think we kill he ? 88 . ned and munny look into each other 's eye . davey' voice ( 0.s. ) help I , boy , help I ... munny ( flatly ) yup ... we kill he , I guess . davey' voice ( 0.s. ) oh , Jesus , help I boy , I do not want to die ... I do not want to die . the kid ( rattle , shouting ) shouldn't of CUT up no woman , you asshole . ext . BOX canyon - day davey be lie there behind the boulder drench in blood , look up at the blaze noonday sun . davey ( shouting ) i'm dyin ' , boy . he pause then , and then he speak in a normal voice , as though to himself , to express he amazement , to test reality . davey ( cont 'd ) I be dyin ' . ( pause ) I be dyin ' . ( shouting , panicked ) boy , i'm dyin '! ext . boulder - day munny sweat and look up at the sun , and ned stare vacantly . davey' voice ( 0.s. ) I be thirsty , slim , Jesus , I be thirsty . ( pause ) bring I a drink will not you , slim ? one drink , slim ... I be dyin ' , slim ... ( pause ) boy , bring I a drink . it be get to all three of they and munny look up at the sun and then ned get up and he walk over to a rock and he vomit . 89 . davey' voice ( 0.s. ) one drink ... please , boy ... just one d... munny ( leaping up , shouting ) bring he some goddamn water , you asshole . the boulder . nothing happen , you can not tell if the cowboy be behind there or not . davey' voice ( 0.s. ) please boy ... I be shot in the gut ... I be bleedin ' ... bring I ... munny ( shouting ) will you take he a fucking drink for christ sake ! we ain't gonna shoot . there be a pause and munny look down at the boulder where the cowboy be hide . TEXAS slim' voice ( from behind the boulder ) you be not gonna shoot ? munny no. and then , after a long moment , munny see Texas slim come out from behind the boulder and run nervously toward the rock where davey lie and he be carry a canteen . johnny' voice ( 0.s. ) do not you shoot he , you asshole . the kid be try to see but of course he can not . the kid they takin ' water ? munny yeah . munny be watch and he see Texas slim disappear behind the boulder where davey be lie and there be a moment of silence ... and then the voice , a scream of grief and anguish ... 90 . TEXAS slim' voice ( from behind the boulder ) oh , Jesus , johnny , they have kill he ... they have shot up he gut ... oh Jesus , they have kill young davey ... oh , that murderin ' bastard , they have kill we davey ... and the kid spit in the dust and ned wipe he forehead with he bandanna and munny scuff the dirt with he boot . hoove on flat rock and the three rider , munny , ned and the kid , be trot they horse over a smooth slab of rock near a hill . they be silent , glum , then , the kid when we gonna double back ? munny after a way . ned ( not look at they ) not I . munny look up sharply but ned just look straight ahead . ned rein kid . ned ( cont 'd ) I be goin ' on down to Kansas . munny we get to kill this other one first . ( ned do not answer ) shit , ned , if we be lucky , we could kill he by nightfall ... or maybe tomorrow morning . then we could head back , all three of we , with the money . in he horse and munny pull up too and then the ned ( look he in the eye ) you want the Spencer , Bill ? ( he hold out the rifle ) munny ( lamely ) shit , ned , this be not the time to quit . 91 . the kid you be gonna lose you share . if you do not ... munny shut up , kid . ned just hold out the rifle and after a moment munny take it and ned take a box of cartridge from he pocket and hand they over . ned I will see you , Bill . see you , kid . and he turn he horse and head off across open country at a trot and munny watch he go till he 's about fifty yard away . munny ( shouting ) hold on , ned . and ned rein up and munny gallop up to he and hold out the Spencer and the bullet . munny ( cont 'd ) I be not worth a shit with it . ned take the rifle , sheathes it , give a curt nod and turn to go . munny ( cont 'd ) I a ' the kid , we will head over to the ranch a ' as soon as we find he , we will shoot he . then we will come back a ' the three of we pick up the money a ' head South together . ned supposin ' he do not go to the ranch ? munny I will bet anything he will not go to town nor he will not ride out on the range . right off he will hole up at the ranch . ned ( turn away ) I be not waitin ' , bill. ( look back ) I will look in on you youngster when I get back . 92 . munny ( call after he ) ned , do not pay no mind to what the kid say about the money . I will bring you share along , hear ? the kid 's full of shit , hear ? ext . little bill be house - day view on the roof , late afternoon , and Little Bill be crawl around up there with a bucket of tar which he have get on he moustache and he face and he look up because he hear the clatter of hoof . view on charley heckler galloping he horse up to Little Bill 's house and charley be very excited and he swing off the horse in front of the porch and the porch be at once closer to completion and closer to collapse than last we see it . charley ( look around , breathless ) Little Bill , Little Bill ... little bill voice ( 0.s. ) yeah . charley look up , startle and Little Bill be look down at he over the eave . little bill ( sheepish ) makin ' some repair . charley ( breathless ) the kill one of they cowboy . ext . MAIN STREET - night night , close view on torchlight flicker on davey 's waxy face and dead eye as egg , Germany Joe and paddy haul the blood - cake body from the back of a buckboard . ww be look on queasily , take note , and behind he the street be alive . wiggens ' voice ( 0.s. ) ... an' parson say how he see three man right after sun - up head out East a ' one be ridin ' a old blue Morgan a ' another be on a white mare , only he do not ... and only a few yard away from the buckboard , in front of the County Office , Little Bill be be besiege by deputy and townsman . 93. fatty amo over at the stable say to ask you if the County 's payin ' feed for all the horse or if ... charley ... witherspoon say he be not gonna sell we no more thirty - thirty shell without we pay ... and the dog , snarling , fang bare , pull at the leash and Tom luckinbill be try to keep control . tom ...use the dog then the county 's gotta take responsibility for ... little bill ( calmly ) never mind about they horse , fatty . just you ride out to the bar T a ' make sure that other cowboy stay put a ' do not expose himself , hear ? int . alice' room - night Alice 's room and the whore . they be sit glumly in the dim light of a simple lamp . Little Sue be wiping tear away and delilah be stare blankly . delilah ( to no one in particular ) I do not think they would really do it . alice ( nasty ) what do you think , they come clear up from Kansas to fuck we ? delilah ( vacantly ) that kid ... he 's just a ... boy . and that other one , Bill , be true to he wife ... alice what wife ? he do not have no wife . delilah ( shocked , hurt ) he say ... alice I tell you , he do not have no wife , not aboveground , anyhow . 94 . delilah just eat the pain raw and just then ... smash ! a rock come through the window and you can hear someone shouting . voice outside ( 0.s. ) you fuckin ' murderin ' whore . and they all sit there stunne and then Alice recover and get up and go to the window and hurl the rock back . alice ( shouting ) he have it coming ! he have it coming for what he did ... and that other one too ... both of they ... for what they do . ext . county office - night Little Bill and the crowd and the torch outside the County Office and suddenly there be a commotion and shouting and everybody turn North and ... fuzzy be riding into town at full gallop shouting at the top of he lung . fuzzy we get one . we get one of they fucker , we get one ... bystander part as fuzzy bring the horse up in front of the County Office and rein hard and address himself breathlessly to Little Bill . fuzzy ( cont 'd ) we get one of they fucker , sheriff , out by cow Creek , we ... little bill alive ? fuzzy Hell , yeah . a bunch of we bar T boy go out lookin ' on account of they killin ' one of we own . we come across this fucker on a roan goin ' South a ' ... little bill he admit it ? fuzzy no ... but I guess he will soon enough . have a Spencer rifle on he a ' he be ... 95 . little bill that cowboy messin ' he up ? fuzzy uh ... a little , maybe . little bill ( to clyde ) you a ' Andy get the hell out there . find out where they other two go . ext . outhouse - dawn dawn , the outhouse , bird chirp cheerily and the outhouse door open and buck barthol step out and stretch luxuriously . view on bush and the kid hold he nose . the bush be right behind the outhouse and the stink be terrible . the kid be crouch there and he be do a elaborate pantomime of he suffer for munny 's benefit . int . bunkhouse - day view on Buck come into the bunkhouse . there be not much light and the shadowy sleep figure be more easily discernable by the snort and snore they make than by they shape ... except for thirsty and Quick Mike who be sit , half dress at a table roll cigarettes . thirsty see anythin ' out there , Buck ? buck Hell , yes I do . ( Mike look up nervously ) see about two hundred feller packin ' rifle ... fucker get the place surround , say they want Quick Mike 's ass ... I say , " how much ? " they say , " about five . " I say , " dollar ? " they say , " cent . " I say , " sold . " mike well I be not worried I get protection . ( he indicate a nearby bunk ) fatty snore on the bunk near Quick Mike . ext . MAIN STREET - night close on ned 's face , nose bloody , eye blacken , as he ride down the Main Street of Big whiskey escort by six cowboy ( include Texas slim , johnny foley and lippy 96 . macgregor ) and clyde and Andy . ned 's wrist be tie and he look sullen and ... scared . Little Bill and ww beauchamp be stand on the porch of the County Office when the little group pull up attend by numerous onlooker . Little Bill look ned over coolly as he address clyde . little bill he tell you where they other be ? clyde nope . little bill he give them name ? clyde do not give we nothin ' but he own name ... ned roundtree . little bill well , ned , you will want to tell I an' mister beauchamp here all about they two villainous friend of yours , I guess . ( to clyde and Andy ) bring he in , boy , for I will be glad to know the name and the whereabouts of that other two murdering sonsofbitch . ext . qouthouse - day view on the mid day sun blaze from on high and a enormous farting sound ... view on the outhouse after a pause , another vigorous fart and then silence break only by the buzzing of fly , and then the sound of newspaper and suddenly the door open and thirsty step out and head up toward the bunkhouse . view on the kid in the bush reacting to the smell and the fly be buzzing furiously . the kid sure be fuckin ' ripe . I wish we would get a breeze . munny wipe sweat from he face and look up at the blaze sun . 97 . munny it 's gonna get riper yet . the kid you still think he 's in there ? munny ( he eye on the bunkhouse ) yeah , he 's in there . the kid well , he 's hold on to he shit like it be money . munny he 's in there . the kid tell I right off if you see he . munny yup. the kid you ... you be not gonna shoot he yourownself ? munny ( tired of say it ) you can shoot he . the kid nod , satisfied , but he 's key up something ferocious and he finger play nervously with he pistol . int . jail - day close on ned 's face jamme against the bar of the cell in the County Office . he have be tie to the bar outside the cell so that he be , more or less , spread -eagle in a upright position with he bare back expose to Little Bill and charley hecker and ww beauchamp . little bill now then , ned ... you a ' ... uh ... mister quincy a ' uh ... what be that young feller 's name ? ned tate. elroy tate . ww shake he head at Little Bill and hold out he notebook for Little Bill to see . little bill that be not what you say before , ned. 98 . Little Bill empty hot coal from the bowl of he pipe on ned 's shoulder and ned writhes and grot he tooth . ned hellif it be not . little bill ( look at W 's note ) before you say elroy quincy out of Medicine hat an' Henry tate out of cheyenne . ned fuck if I do . little bill ( refilling he pipe ) charley , go bring they whore here that fuck this boy the night of the storm . charley strawberry Alice an' silky ? little bill yeah ... a ' fetch a bullwhip out of the german' . ned 's face against the bar be cover with perspiration and etched with fear as he hear the door close behind charley . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( lighting he pipe ) now , ned ... they whore be gonna lie different lie than you ... a ' when you lie be not the same as they lie ... I be not gonna hurt no woman , I be gonna hurt you ... not gentle like I be doin ' but ... baaaad . ned swallow hard and sweat and wait . int . bunkhouse - day close on card . they be play at the little table in the bunkhouse , Quick Mike , Buck , thirsty , fatty rossiter and olaf harken and Quick Mike do not even have a pair and toss he card down in disgust and walk over to he bunk and start to put on he boot . buck ( to Mike ) where you goin ' ? quick mike take a shit . 99 . fatty ( he have two king ) lemmee finish this hand , will you ? quick mike you gonna protect I while I take a shit ? Quick Mike walk over to a peg and hang a gunbelt over he bare shoulder . buck you could get bushwhack . quick mike ( head for the door ) I will fart on ‘em . thirsty ( start to get up ) I will go with he . quick mike you could wipe my ass , thirsty . thirsty ( sit down ) Hell with he . man be not polite , he oughta get shot . ext . outhouse - day the kid in the bush and he hear the door slamm shut up at the bunkhouse and he squint anxiously . the kid ( whisper ) be it he ? munny ( watch Mike ) yup . the kid be beside himself , he throat go dry and he gulp for air and he bring the hammer back on he pistol and squint anxiusly . he Pov : mike out of focus approaching from the kide Pov and gradually Mike come into focus walk closer and we view on the kid sweating , tense for action and munny look over at he . 100 . munny ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) he 's yours , kid . can you get he ? and the kid be bite he lip and do not answer and Quick Mike be very close and the kid bring up he pistol and gulp and do not shoot and then it be too late because Mike have enter the outhouse . munny be disgust and he cock the shotgun to do it himself . the kid be walk on eggshell approach the door of the outhouse , pistol in he right hand and he reach he leave hand to open the door but he be hesitant and ... munny see fatty rossiter step casually out of the bunkhouse and munny raise the shotgun and fatty see the kid and scream . fatty assassins , boy , assassins ! bawhoom ! munny let go with the shotgun and fatty dive back into the bunkhouse and ... the kid be startle and look over he shoulder . munny shoot he , kid ! and the kid grab the door with he leave hand and open it and there be Mike sit on the crapper astonished and one hand be on he holster pistol but he 's freeze and the kid be point the schofield at he but the kid be freeze too . mike no ! no ! blam ! the schofield jump in the kid 's hand and Mike get it in the chest and there be smoke all over and the kid stare at Mike amaze and Mike who have a big splotch of blood on he chest stare back at the kid amaze also and then ... blam , the kid shoot he again , this time in the face . bang ! bang ! shot from the bunkhouse and ... bawhoom ! munny blast the bunkhouse with shotgun . munny come on , kid . blam , the kid shoot Mike 's slumping body a third time and he seem hypnotize but ... bang bang shot be come from the bunkhouse and munny be scream and the kid tear himself away . 101 . ext . bushes - day munny crash through the bush and the kid be a few yard behind he and munny stumble and scramble to he foot . munny do ... you ... get ... he ? the kid ( amaze ) yeah . ext . outhouse - day the outhouse and Mike 's body and fatty and thirsty and Buck dash past , wave they gun . ext . wood - day the albino mare and the Morgan in the wood and munny and the kid dash up to the horse , gasp for breath , and munny try to mount still hold the shotgun and the horse start to prance around and munny can not mount . munny hold still . bang , bang , bang shot be whistling around they and look back munny can see he pursuer fire from cover fifty yard away . munny shove two shell in the shotgun and hand it to the kid who have mount . munny ( cont 'd ) cover I , kid , while I mount . the kid ( panicked ) I can not see them . bang bang bang munny just shoot ! and ka blammm , the kid let go both barrel in the general direction of the enemy and then munny gallop away half on he horse , half -off , in a undignify escape , bullet whistling around he horse and the kid behind he shouting . the kid where be you , Bill , where be you , I can not see you . wait for I . and then they disappear and gradually the shoot atop . 102 . ext . OPEN country - day open country at sundown see from a low hill , and you can barely make out a lone rider approach in the extreme distance . view on munny stand on the rise and watch the rider in the distance . the kid be that what it be like , Bill , in the old day ... ridin ' out with everybody shootin ' ... smoke all over a ' folk yellin ' a ' bullet whizzin ' by ? the kis be behind Bill sit under a large oak drink from a whiskey bottle . munny ( absently ) yeah , I guess so . the kid shit ... I think they be gonna get we . I be even ... scared a little ... just for a minute . ( pause ) be you ever scared in they day ? munny turn from watch the rider 's slow approach and walk over to the kid who can not see the rider from where he 's sit . munny I do not remember , kid . I be drunk most of the time . give I a pull on that bottle , will you ? munny take a big pull on the bottle , return it to the kid , and walk back to the edge of the rise to resume he vigil . the rider be a little closer now and the sun be a little lower . it be very beautiful . the kid ( drink heavy ) I shot that fucker three time . he be takin ' a shit . he go for he pistol a ' I blaze away ... first shot get he in the chest ... the kid wipe whiskey from he chin . he have be work hard to make the hysteria he feel into a high ... but it will not quite come . 103 . the kid ( cont 'd ) say , Bill ... munny yeah . munny be watch the rider and the rider be closer . the kid that be ... the first one . munny first one what ? the kid first one I ever kill . munny ( preoccupy with he vigil ) yeah ? the kid how I say I shot five man ... it be not true . ( long pause ) that mexican ... the one that come at I with a knife ... I bust he leg with a shovel ... I do not shoot he or nothin' . munny be watch the rider and the rider be much closer but come at a walk and munny go back over to the kid for a pull on the bottle and he 's try to make the kid feel okay when he say ... munny well , that fella today , you shot he alright . the kid ( force bravado ) h-hell yeah . I kill the hell out of he ... three shot ... he be takin ' a sh-sh - shit a ' ... a ' ... the kid be shaking , become hysterical , he can not go on , and munny hand the bottle back . munny take a drink , kid . the kid ( break down , cry ) oh ch-ch-christ ... it do not ... it do not seem ... real ... how he 's ... ( more ) 104 , the kid ( cont 'd ) dead ... how he be not gonna breathe no more ... n- n- never . or the other one neither ... on account of ... of just ... pullin ' a trigger . munny walk back to the edge of the rise and watch the rider and it be a lovely sunset happen and he be talk to no one in particular . munny it 's a hell of a thing , be not it , killin ' a man . you take everythin' he 's get ... a ' everythin ' he 's ever gonna have ... the kid ( try to pull himself together ) well , I gu-guess they have it ... comin ' . munny we all get it comin ' , kid . view on the rider at the foot of the rise and it be Little Sue and view on munny pull the saddle bag off and Little Sue be still mount . they be under the oak tree and it be dusk and the kid be just sit there with he bottle . munny ( cont 'd ) I be watchin ' you ... seein ' if you be follow . little sue ( scared to death ) silky an' faith , they ride off to the East a ' two deputy be followin ' they . munny have light a little candle and spread a blanket and he be open the bag to count the money . munny ( pour out the coin and bill ) you wanna help I count , kid ? the kid be lean against the tree in a semi-stupor . the kid I trust you , Bill . munny well , you do not wanna trust I too much . ( more ) 105 . munny ( cont 'd ) we will take ned he share together so you do not figure I run off with it . little sue ( startle ) ned 's share ? munny ( count ) yeah , he go South ahead of we . I guess we will catch he before ... little sue ( blurt it out ) he 's ... he 's dead . munny ( count ) no he be not . he go South yesterday . little sue they ... they kill he . I ... think you know that . I think you know because ... munny ( look up ) nobody do not kill ned , he go South yesterday . he do not even kill nobody . why would anybody kill ned ? Little Sue just look back at he , scared , tremble . munny ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) who kill he ? little sue Little Bill . the ... the bar T boy catch he and Little Bill ... munny he hang he ? ( Little Sue shake she head " no " ) shot he down ? little sue n- no . he ... he beat he up . he be make he ... answer question ... and beat he up ... and then ... ned just die . ( pause ) Little Bill do not mean to kill he ... he say he be sorry a ' all ... but he say it be a good example anyhow . 106 . munny ( outrage ) good example ! good example of what I would like to know ? he do not even kill nobody ... he could not do it no more . little sue they get ... a sign on he say he be a killer . munny ( flabbergasted ) a sign on he ? little sue in front of greely 's . it say , " this here be what happen to ... " munny ( incredulous ) they get a sign on he in front of greely 's ? the kid just have he head in he hand , it 's too much for he and Little Sue be scared shitless of munny . munny ( cont 'd ) the question Little Bill ask he ... what sort of question be they ? little sue about where you a ' he ( indicate the kid ) be ... a ' where you be from ... a ' what you name be ... a ' ... munny what would ned say ? little sue l-ly ... at first . about how you be just passin ' through and do not kill nobody ... an' Little Bill keep askin ' question , mixin ' he up , catchin ' lie ... a ' then he would beat on ned a ' ned would cry and lie some more a ' then ... then ... munny then ... what ? little sue a cowboy come in sayin ' you kill Quick Mike in the shit house at the bar T ... 107 . munny an' Little Bill kill ned for what I do ? little sue not on purpose . but he start hurtin ' he worse ... makin ' he tell stuff . first ned would not say nothin ' ... but Little Bill hurt he so bad he say who you be ... munny look up sharply . Little Sue be scared , she voice quaver ... little sue ( cont 'd ) he say how you be really Three fingered Jack out of Missouri ... an' Bill say " same Three fingered Jack that dynamite the rock Island and Pacific in ' 69 killin ' woman and child a ' all ? " a ' ned say you do a lot worse than that , say you be more cold blooded than William bonney or clay alisson or the James Brothers a ' how if he hurt ned again you be gonna come a ' kill he like you kill a U.S. Marshall in ' 73 . munny do not scare Little Bill though , do it ? little sue N - no , sir ? munny lemmee see that schofield , kid . the kid wha ... what f-for ? munny ( sharply ) lemmee see it . the kid ( give it to he ) sure . sure , Bill . munny take the pistol and begin to check it methodically , inspect the load first ... and the kid watch nervously , shifting from foot to foot . the kid ( cont 'd ) you ... you could keep it , Bill . I be not ... gonna use it no more , I be not gonna kill nobody . 108 . munny , still check the gun , glance up and meet the kid 's uneasy gaze . the kid ( cont 'd ) I ... I be not like you , Bill . munny look back at the pistol , check the sight . the kid ( cont 'd ) you ... gonna take ... the money ? munny ( to Little Sue ) you better get on back , miss . and Little Sue , still mount , breathes a enormous silent sigh of relief and turn she horse away hastily and munny , satisfied with the pistol , stick it in he belt and walk over to the horse and pull he saw - off shotgun out of the bedroll . the kid you could have it . all of it . munny I think you want to buy spectacle a ' fancy clothes a ' all . the kid I would rather be blind and rag than dead , I guess . munny look at the kid who be behave bravely but be tremble anyway , scared , and munny 's eye be full of brutally painful memory . munny shit , kid . I be not gonna kill you . you be ... the only friend I get . ext . NORTH road - night moonlight on the ordinance # 14 sign on the North Road and two rider come up slow , munny and the kid , and munny rein up and then the kid do too . munny take the saddle bag off he horse . munny ( give the kid the bag ) this here money , take my share a ' ned 's a ' leave it with my youngster . tell them half go to Sally two tree if I be not back in a week . the rest be yours ... you could buy they spectacle . 109 . the kid be you ... be you gonna ... kill Little Bill ? munny ( hold up the whiskey bottle ) I guess you will not mind my keepin' the bottle . the kid you be gonna kill he , be not you ? munny stay clear of folk you might see . there 's plenty out lookin ' to hang you . go on now , skedaddle . munny slap the kid 's horse and the kid set out at a trot and munny watch he disappear into the night . when he be alone and he can not hear the kid 's horse any more , munny uncork the bottle and take a long deep drink . ext . greely porch - night view on ned 's body in the upright coffin in the flicker light of a torch stand next to it and , of course , ned look bad and the crudely scrawle sign over the coffin say , " this be what happen to assassin around here . " int . bar room - night view on Little Bill in the crowded bar and he be shouting to make himself hear over the din . little bill alright , I be gonna say just one more time so it 's all clear a ' then do not ask I no more . the place be pack with tired , dusty man and they be not really jubilant so much as they be excited by the hysteria of event . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( continue ) now each of you that posse would today have get one drink comin ' off the county budget ... thirsty Yahoo . little bill ... an' whoever ride yesterday , get one drink for that ... 110 . paddy yippee . egg I tell yuh two , I ... little bill hold it hold it . after they two , it 's outta you own pocket ... hear I , skinny ? ... a ' we be pullin ' out early tomorrow a ' chase this fella clear to Texas so I would not spend much of you own money . there be a general whoop and hubbub as Little Bill turn back to he conversation at the bar with charley , fatty , clyde , Andy and ww beauchamp . little bill ( cont 'd ) now if we divide up into four party a ' hit all the farm a ' trail in a circle , we be bound to find some one who see they skunk a ' ... Little Bill be suddenly conscious of he own loud voice in a sudden silence that have sweep the bar like a brushfire and turn he see what everybody be stare at . munny , with he ten-gauge shotgun levele from the shoulder , be stand thirty foot away in the doorway . take a couple of sideways step to get the door from behind he back and sweeping the twin barrel in a ominous arc , he survey the scene . munny ( a little drunk ) which fucker own this shithole ? nobosy say a thing . skinny stare pop-ey from behind the bar and the sweat start on he forehead and Little Bill be think coolly and everybody else be swallow hard and look at the shotgun . munny ( cont 'd ) ( to fatty ) you there , fat man , speak up . fatty gulp and then skinny screw up he courage and step from behind the bar and give it every bit of dignity he fear will permit . skinny I ... I own this establishment . I buy it from greely for a thous ... 111 . munny ( to the man round skinny ) better step clear , boy . and skinny look from side to side as people step away from he and he want to say something desperately , he want to live , he want ... little bill hold on , mist ... bah-whoom ! munny fire and smoke belch and ... skinny be blow back against the wall and fall to the floor a bloody mess and ... Little Bill be reach for the Spencer which be lean against the bar near he leg but he freeze because ... munny have turn the shotgun on he and munny see ned 's Spencer there and he eye show how he feel about it . for a moment while the smoke clear the bar be silent and there be nervous glance cast at the bloody body of skinny but Little Bill keep he eye on munny . little bill ( cont 'd ) well sir ... you be a cowardly sonofabitch because you have just shot down a unarm man . it have become a very formal moment and there be , figuratively speak , only two people in the room , munny and Little Bill ... and ww beauchamp be watch they , scared to death , but this be it , what all that Easterner dream about , the showdown in the saloon . munny ( the shotgun point right at Little Bill ) he should have armed himself if he be gonna decorate he saloon with the body of my friend . little bill I guess you be Three - fingered Jack out of Missouri , killer of woman and child . munny ( a little drunkenly ) I have do that ... kill woman and child ... I have kill most everything that walk or crawl a ' ( more ) 112 . munny ( cont 'd ) now I have come to kill you , Little Bill , for what you do to ned. ( to the other ) now step aside . boy . and as the deputy nervously move aside Little Bill help to isolate himself by step forward boldly . little bill he 's get one barrel leave , gentleman . after he have use it , pull you pistol and shoot he down like the cowardly , drunken scoundrel he be . Little Bill look back at munny bravely and ... munny look down the barrel at Little Bill and after a tense moment he pull the trigger . click . the hammer fall but it be a misfire and what happen next happen in maybe five second as all hell break loose . little bill ( cont 'd ) ( draw ) misfire ! kill the sonofabitch ! and Little Bill aim carefully and ... munny hurl the shotgun at he and ... blam !... Little Bill fire wildly as the shotgun hit he and ... clyde have he pistol out and be point it at munny and ... munny be pull the pistol from he own belt and he drop to one knee and ... blam !... clyde fire and miss and ... Little Bill be about to squeeze the trigger when ... blam !... munny shoot he and ... blam !... Little Bill shoot just as he be hit in the chest and ... blam ! blam !... fatty fire wildly and ... munny be aim too and blam !... clyde get it in the face and ... blam !... blam !... fatty be not even aim while ... Andy aim carefully , he can kill munny but ... 113 . munny turn and point he weapon at Andy and ... instead of fire Andy panic and try to turn he body sideways to ward off the blow and ... blam !... munny fire and ... Andy get it high in the rib cage and ... charley turn and run for the back and ... blam ! blam !... fatty be back up and fire from the hip and then he turn to run and ... munny aim deliberately from one knee and blam !... fatty go down , shot in the back ... and suddenly ... there be a terrible silence that be break only by the awful , die groan of clyde and the cough of the bystander hide behind table and chair in the thick black smoke and ... munny be still down on one knee point he pistol and look through the thick smoke for someone to shoot but it seem there be no threat leave . munny every asshole that do not want to get shot best clear out the back quick . and they scramble over each other dash toward the billiard room and munny stand up and look around and he look at clyde who be groan , he face cover with blood and everyone else , Little Bill , Andy and fatty be still , and then fatty seem to move and munny level he pistol and what happen be W crawl out from half - under fatty and ww be cover with blood and he be shaking like a leaf . ww I ... I ... think I be ... shot . munny you be not shot . ww ( see the pistol ) p-p-p -please , I be not armed . ( as munny lower the pistol , ww look around ) m-m-my g-god . you kill ... Little bill. 114 . munny ( suspicious ) you sure you be not armed ? ww I never c-c-carry arm . I be ... a writer . munny a writer ? what do you write ... letter a ' such ? ww b-b-book . ( amaze ) you ... you kill five man ... singlehand . munny ( wearily ) yeah . munny walk over to the bar , keep he eye suspiciously on ww , and reach for a bottle with he leave hand . the hand be shaking like palsy and he tilt the bottle and drink sloppily with effort , the pistol still in he right hand . ww wh- wh - who do you kill first ? munny huh ? ww ( recite ) wh-wh - when confront by superior number , the experience gunfighter will fire on the best shot first . munny ( drink ) yeah ? unnotice on the floor , Little Bill be conscious though blood be come out of he mouth and he have be write off . one hand be shifting on he pistol and he can hear clyde moan sporadically . ww Little Bill tell I that . you kill he first , do not you ? on the floor , Little Bill be fight for consciousness , finger he pistol . 115 . munny I be lucky in the order . ( bitterly ) I always be lucky killin ' folk . ww who be next ? clyde ? or be it ...? munny ( suddely ominous , pistol point ) I could tell you who be last , mister . ww 's eye pop as he get the idea and he back up fast , and then he turn and bolt out the back , and watch he go , munny turn he back on the fall body of Little Bill . Little Bill , on the floor , raise up he pistol in he shaking hand and aim at munny 's back maybe six foot away and he be shaking bad as he draw the hammer back and ... munny hear the click and he turn and see Little Bill aim but it be too late and ... blam ! smoke and fire from Little Bill 's pistol and Little Bill 's arm collapse from the effort and the pistol fall with a bang . munny ( cont 'd ) miss again , asshole . and munny step over to he and kick the pistol away from Little Bill 's outstretch hand . Little Bill be bleed from the mouth have take a shot in the lung and he be very weak and all he can do be look up at munny and speak weakly . little bill I do not ... deserve this ... to die this way . I be ... building a house . munny ( aim he pistol point blank ) " deserve " do not mean shit , Little Bill . little bill ( the pistol in he face ) I will see you ... in hell , you three - finger asshole . blam ! munny shoot Little Bill and then he look around and clyde be still groan and that be the only sound . then , suddenly , he be all business . he walk quickly over to clyde and shoot he once with the Spencer and the groan stop . 116 . then he go to Little Bill 's body and poke around in the pocket and pull out some shell for the Spencer . he shove that in he pocket and he go to the bar and pick up the bottle of whiskey and walk over to the door . stand to one side , he kick it open . then he set down the rifle and the bottle and start to reload the schofield and while he load it he shout out the door . munny I be comin ' outta here ... a ' any fucker I see out there , I be gonna kill he ... a ' any fucker take a shot at I , I be not just gonna kill he , but I be gonna kill he wife a ' all he friend a ' burn he fuck house , hear ? the pistol be load and munny stick it in he belt and he take a long pull on the whiskey bottle and wipe the dribble from he chin . then he pick up the rifle in the other hand and look out the door . ext . MAIN STREET / greely - night the street and it be dark and quiet , shadowy building , the knot of tethere horse , a couple of torch stick in the ground sputtering . munny'' voice ( 0.s. ) nobody better shoot on account of I be as mean as I say ... maybe meaner . I be a damn badman a ' you will not find a worse one in hell . and munny step out the door warily , and look around and all he see be the shadowy building and all he hear be he own boot on the wooden porch . glancing nervously at the dark building ' blank stare he walk past the upright coffin where the waxy face of ned stare gruesomely in the light of the flicker torch and he give it a glance , want to say he 's sorry , but the idea be ludicrous and he step off the porch and walk toward the white mare . ext . alleyway - night ww beauchamp and charley hecker and Germany Joe crouch in the alleyway between two building across the street and charley have a rifle and they can see munny mount he horse . germany joe ( whisper ) go ahead , shoot he . charley just shake he head and offer the rifle to Germany Joe . and Germany Joe do not want it . 117 . germany joe ( cont 'd ) I endt no dehpoody . www be watch munny 's unbelievably awkward and prolong mount procedure and he can not believe it , he can not believe what the Old West be like and it show on he face . ext . MAIN STREET - night munny riding down the dark , lonely street at a trot and he start to shout at the top of he lung . munny you boy better bury old ned right ... and you better not carve up nor otherwise harm no whore ... or I will come back a ' kill more sonsabitch , hear ? and there be tear run down munny 's cheek . ext . sod hut - day daylight and penny sweeping in the doorway of munny 's sod hut in Kansas . she be intent on she work until she hear the snort of a horse and look up and she jaw drop , and she face light up like the sun itself and , drop the broom , she dash toward he . view on munny munny walk across the field , lead the mare . he be cover with dust and heavily stubble from the trip . penny dash up to he and throw she arm around he and he be overjoy but he do not have any way to express it except through awkwardness and embarrassment . munny ( fondly ) ai not you a lady ! and he put he arm around she and they walk toward the house . ext . hog pens - day view on will work in the hog pen in back , concentrate on the job . munny place look good . and will whirl around and see munny stand there beside the house and he first instinct be to run to he and then 118 . he remember he dignity and stand there like a man , but the grin be liable to break he face . will hullo , paw . munny I guess you lose some hog to the fever . will Three . munny Three ? that be not bad considerin' . will be pissing in he pants with pride and pleasure and he join he father and they walk around the house together . will that fella come by ... tom. munny ( stop ) Tom ? will the one you ride out after ... the one that have the pistol ... munny the kid , yeah ... will only he be not carryin ' no pistol this time . int . shed - day will and munny in the shed and will be digging deep into a huge pile of straw . munny ( worried ) he say anythin ' ... the kid ... ? will ( digging ) ; ; Tom ? only how ... how if you do not ... do not come back in a week ... ( upset ) how we be to take half the money to Sally a ' say you be ... munny ( gently ) well , I come back , do not I ? 119 . and will have expose the saddle bag and munny move in and open they and gold coin and wad of bill spill out . will ( upset ) do you ... do you ... ? munny ( count ) do I what ? will all that money ... I mean ... do you ...? munny ( count ) steal it ? naw , I do not steal it . will no ... I mean ... munny ( turn ) what ? will k -k-kill somebody ? munny who say that ? will n-nobody ... only you take you shotgun a ' that pistol a ' ... munny ( bother , put he arm around will 's shoulder ) before I meet you maw , God rest she soul , it use to be I be kinda ... wick ... drinkin ' spirit a ' gettin ' into scrape a ' all . only she make I see the error of my way a ' ... I be not like I be no more . will ( relieved ) I guess you do not kill nobody then . munny ( it be a effort ) naw , son , I do not kill nobody . 120 . ext . grave - day the grave of Claudia under the tree and munny walk up to it and maybe we hear music or maybe just the wind , but the word begin to crawl across the screen , super . written word they be marry in St. Louis in 1b70 and they travel North to Kansas where he engage in farming and swine husbandry . she bore he two child in the eight year of they marriage and when she die , it be not at he hand as she mother might have expect , but of smallpox . view on munny we be look at he by now and there be nothing easy on he face , no big emotion , he be just look at the grave . written word ( cont 'd ) some year later , Mrs. ansonia feather make the arduous journey to hodgeman County to visit the last rest place of she only daughter . view on the grave we be look at the stone now and the word continue . written word William munny have long since sell the place and disappear with the child ... some say to San Francisco where it be rumor he prosper as a dry goods merchant under a different name . close on the eye of william munny the eye of the husband and the pig-farmer and the man who shot down five man in the Big whiskey saloon . written word and there be nothing on the stone to explain to Mrs. feather why she only daughter have marry a know thief and murderer , a man of notoriously vicious and intemperate disposition . the end