unknown written by Oliver Butcher &amp ; Stephen cornwell adapted from the novel " out of my head " by didier van cauwelaert 02.10.09 fade in : int . passenger jet - early morning sleepy thick fatigue , the end of a red-eye flight . most passenger still asleep , a few read , or stare blankly . in business class , a husband and wife , mid -30' . he 's awake , read a document . she sleep nestle against he shoulder . he 's trim , sharp , good look in a academic way . even in sleep , she 's beautiful . Wide - mouth and honey-haired . the plane 's aspect shift , the pilot 's voice come on in german . the man lift he window shade , peer out at the first ray of sun touch the skyline of Berlin . ext . tegel airport , berlin - early morning halo of light . giant talon , the airplane 's landing gear appear through cloud . tire hit slick asphalt . int . arrival terminal , tegel airport - same the couple . Dr. Martin Harris and Elizabeth Harris . wider : a german immigration officer glance up at martin and liz . ka - chunk ! ka - chunk ! stamp both passport , swipe the bar code over a scanner , hand they back . Martin slip he into a leather briefcase . ext . arrival terminal , tegel airport - dawn raining . a melee of traveler and vehicle . Liz beside he , Martin wheel a baggage cart through the crush . a attendant usher they toward a wait cab and driver ... a crash of thunder -- the rain suddenly triple in strength . a deluge . the taxi driver hustle Martin and Liz towards he car . he shield he head with a newspaper , pile they bag into the trunk , cursing . Martin set down he case , move to help the driver ... I /e. taxi cab - dawn the driver merge onto the autobahn . Liz yawn with jet-lag , study Martin who stare out at the pass city . liz hey ... you be gonna do great . you always do . 2 . I /e. taxi / HOTEL imperial , berlin - morning modern ' Deco revival ' hotel / conference center . a banner welcome delegate to the World biotechnology Forum . the Harris ' taxi pull up in the forecourt thick with red- eye traveler arrive for early morning check - in . Martin take out he billfold . martin I will do this . you check in . Liz peck he cheek , get out . Martin lean forward . martin ( cont 'd ) how much do we owe you ? int . HOTEL lobby - same Liz press up to the crowded desk . a busy receptionist take Liz 's book slip . liz the eisenhower suite . Dr. and Mrs. Harris . ext . HOTEL forecourt - same a bellhop hold a large umbrella up to the rain , load the Harris ' bag onto he cart . shut the trunk , the taxi pull away . head for the entrance ... bellhop welcome to the Hotel Imperial . have you stay with we before ? martin no , this be we first visit to Berlin . we be -- -- he stop short , stare at they bag , stack on the luggage cart . he turn , track the they taxi , already pull out of the drive ... int . HOTEL lobby - same a stab of concern on Liz 's face . liz what do you mean the suite may not be available ? ( continued ) 3. continued : receptionist I have to check with the manager . Security inspection of the room be still be complete . liz but we confirm two month ago . receptionist raise a apologetic hand as she attend to a ringing phone . Liz sigh , glance back toward the entrance . suddenly curious as she see ... liz' p.o.v . -- through the glass wall . Martin stand in the open door of the next taxi in line . he speak to the bellhop who nod , quickly push the cart in through the door , head for Liz ... I /e. taxi / berlin - same Martin get in , agitate . martin tegel airport . arrival . Quick . the driver pull out into traffic . the rain still heavy . Martin stare out at the wet city . eye track as the shadowy column of the brandenburg Gate pass by . he let himself relax a little , enjoy this moment of force calm . he catch sight of the driver in the rear-view . Young , female , shortish hair . tomboy cute . smart eye , older than she year . layer of clothing . gina . she glance into the mirror , catch Martin watch she . gina everyone say how much it 's change . Berlin . eye connect , brief . wiper flip-flap . martin . I would not know . first time . gina yes , I too . I mean , I would not know either . you be american ? he look back at she , inquisitive ... gina ( cont 'd ) for the airport , it 's always Americans in the morning ... asian at night . ( continued ) 4. continued : Martin nod , pull out he phone . service die as gina downshift , Doc martin work the pedal , accelerate away from the large " flughafen " ( Airport ) sign , down a cobble road next to main route . martin I think you miss ... he stop , smile as he realize she 's navigate around a large construction back - up , save they time . gina you do what you do , I do what I do , right ? martin what do you do , when you be not ...? she laugh . he smile , nod . okay , dumb thing to say . martin ( cont 'd ) sorry , I do not mean anything -- gina it 's okay . I know what you mean . her eye meet he in the mirror . she swing the taxi onto wilhelmstrasse . stop at a red light . ahead , the Marshall Bridge over the River spree . light turn GREEN gina move the taxi mid-stream in the traffic head onto the bridge . Martin check he phone , he 's get service . he start to dial ... suddenly -- the car in front of she start veering wildly in different direction , just miss the box refrigerator tumble off the truck in front of they . the box burst open . gina swerve to avoid it , clip the corner ... front tire blows out ... taxi skid crazily , hit the curb . tire shredd ... shower of SPARKS . taxi slam over the curb , through the rail . plunge off the bridge . martin' face strangely serene . intense vivid image ... the play card ' ace taxis ' logo on the dash ... gina's eye in the mirror ... Silent free-fall dive . timeless . dreamlike . ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 2 ) wham --! taxi hit the water Martin 's head smack against the side window . gina cushion by the airbag , which she wrestle back . water sprays in . gina can not open she door . steel steering - lock on the floor . grab it , smashes the side window . haul herself out ... into the river . gasp . on the bridge above , people frantically flag down traffic ... gina turn , see the taxi , midstream , sink . Martin still in back , unconscious . no time . gina gulp air , dive . she reach into the front of the cab , grab the steering lock , hammer it against the passenger window , glance up : the surface , start to recede as the taxi slip underneath , sink ... gina hammer at the glass again , it break . grab Martin 's limp body , drag he up to the surface . a crowd on the bank . people wading out to help . take Martin from she , carry he up onto dry land . light , siren ... the police arrive , push back the crowd . paramedics quickly lay Martin out on the concrete . everyone 's focus on the unconscious man . gina ease back ... melt away into the grow horde of on - looker as the paramedics rip open Martin 's shirt ... feed a tube down he throat . push on he stomach . defibrillator paddle . whine as defibrillator charge . a paramedic lift Martin 's eyelid , shine a flashlight ... martin be p.o.v . -- faint halo of light in a dark fog . distant voice -- sudden shift --. intense flash of memory ... university lecture hall . youthful martin speak on the spotlit podium . intense , energize . a college age liz in the audience . laughter of rapt student . loud applause . a jovial older colleague eagerly shaking Martin 's hand ... smash back to the river bank ... paddle on Martin 's chest . paramedic call out : paramedic achtung ! whompf ! the charge surge into Martin 's body . ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 3 ) martin be p.o.v . -- flash of white light ... a conservatory . Martin as a child . fascinate , delighted as he father show he the open bud of a blossom . butterfly ' wing shimmer in sunlight ... whompf ! second arcing charge ... Martin 's chest heave up . slump back down ... smash CUT into memory -- two body moving ... . Liz and Martin make love . passionate , intertwined . whompf ! another surge of electricity ... Martin 's chest rise up ... smash CUT again -- liz ... . half - dress , hair ruffle and wet . towell it . turn toward we . smile . her lip move ... whompf ! a FOURTH pulse ... Martin 's body slumping back . sudden quiet now , the world remove . just he face . his eye . martin ( v.o . ) they say you whole life flash before you ... but it 's the little thing ... the detail ... the moment . its like look at a painting . stand close , all you can see be the brush stroke . it 's only when you step back that you get the whole picture ... slowly become ... martin be p.o.v . -- the filmy red . of light see from behind close eyelid . quiet ... except for a distant sound . crackling . like fall rain . the sound grow . Close now . fill we ear , as ... int . hospital room - day .a tiny pin-hole of light , too bright . glimpse of a nurse as she tear the wrapping off a fresh drip sac ... black .a man 's voice ... distant . german word . small , fade image of a german doctor , speak with the nurse ... ( continued ) 7. continued : black .again , a pin-hole of consciousness . the nurse , take a private moment , speak in german on she cell - phone . the nurse look over , straight at we , realization in she face , she hurry from the room . we revolve ... find ... martin harris . arm by he side . a few day beard . a suture cut on he temple . his eye flutter , barely open ... then close . clipboard beside the bed . a admission form . in german . where Martin 's name should be : " unbekannte maennliche person " , and the subtitle become we MAIN title ... ' unknown white male '... close - martin' face squeak of a door . distant footstep . quiet again . just the distant pulse of he heartbeat . his eye ... flick OPEN . martin be p.o.v . - he surroundings ... vision blurred , blinking to focus . scrubbed floor , white wall , bank of drip and monitor , he possession on a table near he ... voice ( o.s. ) konnen sie mich horen ? martin be eye -- tracking over daylight through a window . sitting by the bed be a dark - haire man with a van dyke beard . dr . farge . farge wenn sie mich horen konnen , blinken sie zweimal . he watch as Martin 's eye tilt . look directly at he . a sound . a dry croak ... slowly form itself into speech : martin I ... I do not ... speak german ... farge ( beat - accented ) be you English ? martin . american ... a beat . farge signal the nurse to come in . speak to he slowly and clearly in English : ( continued ) S. continued : ( 2 ) farge my name be Doctor farge . you be in the waldfriede Hospital . I be the head neurologist here . you have be in a accident . ( beat ) can you tell I you name ? beat . Martin nod . Voice weak . martin Martin ... Harris. Doctor ... Martin Harris ... farge exchange a look with the nurse . to Martin ... farce where be you stay ? be there anyone here , in Berlin , that we might -- Martin suddenly look around , struggle to sit up . martin my wife .. ? ( sudden panic ) where 's my wife ? Liz ...? be she hurt ? where be she --?! farge Doctor Harris , it 's all right . the taxi you be in go into the river . you be the only passenger . you heart stop for six minute . it be Thursday , November 27th . for four day you have be in a coma . martin Thanksgiving ... but my wife ... she 's in Berlin with I . where be she ? why be not she here ? farge we do not find any identification with you , Doctor Harris ... the driver , who save you life , disappear soon after the accident and no one else have come forward . I must apologize , but we have no idea who you be . it sink in . Martin shake he head wretchedly . martin oh , Jesus ... Liz do not know ... she will ... she will be worried sick . ( continued ) 9 . continued : ( 3 ) farge calm down , Doctor Harris , please . where can we reach you wife ? do she have a cell phone ? martin yes ... yes , she do ... it 's ... I can not remember ... his voice trail off . a long beat . farge ask gently : farge can you tell I what you do remember , Martin ? do you remember what day it be ? a beat . give it think ... then : martin Thanksgiving . you tell I that . I remember ... almost everything . but I do not know how I get here . another beat . he shake he head . scare ... farge it 's call retrograde amnesia . with severe trauma of this kind , memory get lose , or fracture . most return ... although it 's unlikely you will ever fully recall the event around you accident . ( beat ) in the meantime , let we see if anyone have file a report look for a Martin Harris , okay ? martin yes , yes ... okay . int . hospital room - dusk the light outside grey into dusk . on the tv , a german chef show how Americans prepare Thanksgiving dinner . the nurse come in ; start to make a note in Martin 's chart . martin my wife ...? meine frau ... ? beat . the nurse shake she head , apologetic . Martin watch a family , a wife and child , pass he door , visit another patient . he turn he head , stare at he belonging ... ( continued ) continued : . his clothes , neatly launder and fold , shoe beneath they . a rolex with a stainless steel band , a ballpoint pen , a wad of cash in a billfold . Three hundred or so euros , a small blue book . crinkle , water-stain . painful effort , he rise , reach out and pick up the watch . it 's 6.48 . he turn the watch over . a engrave on the backplate : " e.h. to m.h. 7.18.03 " . flash of memory ... snow fall outside a warmly light live room . a fire crackle . Martin unwrap a present : the watch . he turn it over , read the engrave , smile up at Liz across from he , beautiful , also smile ... back in the hospital room martin ( cont 'd ) . she give it to I , we anniversary . the nurse smile , shake she head , not understanding . Martin set the watch down , pick up the little blue book beside the watch -- ' horticus ' -- the classic botanical reference . he flick through it , read the handwritten inscription : " for Martin , that he may discover the world inside ... " a distant smile ... flash of memory -- gentle , less violent Martin as a child sit with he father in he father 's study . his father show he the illustration in the new book . Martin 's eye be wide . back in the hospital room Martin start to close the book , track some number , handwritten on the endpaper . a beat . he shut the book , glance at the tv , silently play the local English language tv News : " Prince fahad arrive in Berlin ... " biotech Forum logo . a strike 30 - something Saudi man shake hand with german dignitary . a shot of the Hotel Imperial ... martin ( cont 'd ) Hotel Imperial ... I be here for the Forum ... ( frantic ) Doctor ! please , get the Doctor . doctor !!! 11 . int . eisnenhower suite , HOTEL imperial a high - end suite , empty , but with the sign of someone stay there . the phone ring ... and ring ... int . neurological ward , reception area - minute later Martin fully dress . farge have just hang up the phone , try to reason with he . farge -- you have to realize the risk -- martin Doctor , I have be go for four day . my wife be out there , in a city she do not know . she must be terrify ... I need to find she before -- farge -- let I call the hotel again . we can leave a message ... martin yes , fine , but look , I know she . she 's look for I . you be marry , be not you ? what would you do ? farge track he own wedding band . a long beat . he sigh . not happy about this at all . farge this be my card . any nausea , dizziness , difficulty with speech , you contact I immediately . do you understand ? ext . HOTEL imperial forecourt - night a taxi pull up . familiar biotechnology forum banner . Martin get out , strong deja vu . try to orient . int . HOTEL imperial - continuous eye peel for a possible glimpse of Liz , Martin head for elevator . HOTEL security be everywhere . a entrance to a ballroom be flanke by guard , check id and invitation . 12 . int . 14 th floor , HOTEL imperial - night ding . Martin step out into carpete silence , make he way down the hall to the ' eisenhower suite . ' about to knock when he see the door be ajar . a beat . Martin push it open ... martin .liz ? int . eisenhower suite - continuous . hallway lead into the spacious sit room . no one there . draped over a chair , Martin recognize Liz 's jacket . Martin smile , blink against tear , he 's home . sound of movement from the bedroom door ... martin Liz ! I be here , I ... a HOTEL maid appear from the bedroom door . startle as she see Martin ... martin ( cont 'd ) my wife ... meine frau ... I be look for Mrs. Harris ... she suddenly get he ... nodd , point down . maid ah. entpfang ... reception ... int . HOTEL imperial , mezzanine level - night World music . guest flow in through the ornate door . Martin move among they . significantly under-dressed in he tatter jacket , the suture head injury . almost at the door ... when a hotel security guard intercept he . guard Excuse I , sir . do you have a invitation , sir ? martin no ... I mean yes ... distract , still look at pass face ... martin ( cont 'd ) I do not have it with I . my name 's Harris , Dr. Martin Harris . I be on the list . my wife be Elizabeth Harris . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 . continued : martin ( cont 'd ) I be try to find she . I have be in the hospital . as the guard check a screen , a crop-haire man in a cheap suit nearby track they : herr strauss , head of hotel security . he approach , also check the screen as the guard speak to he quietly in german . strauss Dr. Harris . do you have any other identification ? passport ? driver license ? martin I have already tell this gentleman , I have be in the hospital . I be in a accident ... Martin see someone through the crowd ... p.o.v . -- entering from the far door a strike , intense - look man with dark , wiry hair , a designer laptop bag sling over he shoulder . smiling , arm around he two ten year old daughter , twin girl , prettily dress . immediately the center of attention . people move forward to meet he . flashgun pop ... martin , raise he hand , call out : martin ( cont 'd ) Professor bressler ! word lose in the noise . Martin push toward he . but : strauss I be sorry , sir ... martin that 's Professor bressler , right there . he know I , he can confirm who I be . strauss if you would be patient , sir . martin no , I be do be patient ... Martin stop short . stare past they : martin ( cont 'd ) that 's she , that 's my wife . over there . by the buffet table . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) p.o.v -- glimpsed through the crowd Liz . look superb in a black evening dress . in conversation with a group of man and woman . martin see she . the look on he face . Processing ... a overwhelming mixture of confusion and relief . martin ( cont 'd ) that 's she . that 's Liz , my wife . strauss stare at he blankly . Martin start to lose it . martin ( cont 'd ) look I have be miss for four day and she have no idea what happen to I ! so you need to take I to she , right now . head be turn . a beat . herr strauss mutter to the guard , then beckon Martin to accompany he inside . martin and strauss thread through the crush . Martin ignore the glance he 's get . his eye fix on Liz ... she back to he . a glass of wine in she hand ... she golden hair ... the ivory skin of she shoulder . strauss tap she on the arm . she half turn ... strauss Excuse I madam . you husband be here . he need to -- martin Liz ... Liz turn fully . that beauty . a flash of surprise as she see Martin . his clothes . the suture on he head . martin ( cont 'd ) oh , Jesus Liz , I -- move in to embrace she ... abruptly she step away from he , a flustered look of confusion on she face . beat . martin ( cont 'd ) Liz , I ... I be in a accident . I be in the hospital , in a coma I be so sorry , they do not know who I be --- liz Excuse I ... do I know you ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 3 ) Liz stare at he , nonpluss . her group also stare . martin Liz ...? please . it 's I . liz and just who might ' you ' be ? amuse whisper . Martin , bewilder , grow angry . martin it 's I . Martin . you husband . Liz half smile , glance around . be this a joke ? to the security guard , flustered : liz this be a ... misunderstanding . I ... I do not know this man . this be my husband ... Martin . she call to a man nearby engage in conversation . mid-30s like Martin . elegant , groom , athletic ... conspicuously more handsome in a chisell way . know he as martin B. martin B ( coming over ) what 's up ? strauss you be Dr. Harris ? martin B last time I look ... he check he name tag . there it be : ' Dr Martin Harris . ' martin B ( cont 'd ) yeah ... still I . more laughter . Martin pale . a beat . turn to Liz . martin be this some kind of a joke ? liz what be you talk about ... ? martin -- because it really be not funny . liz joke about what ? martin do you have any idea what I have be through ? ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 4 ) liz no . I have no idea what you have be through . martin I have be in the hospital for four day ! where be you ? be you even try to find I --?! moment 's strain silence . strauss unsure what to do , signal a guard . Martin B step in ... martin B look , you seem like you have have a accident , or perhaps -- martin -- who the hell be you !? martin B okay , okay . can you please just get he out of here ? Martin round on Martin B. jab a finger . martin you . whatever you think you be do , you need to stop it . ( to liz ) Liz , please . this be ... he try to put he hand on she arm . Liz shy away . Martin B between they now . Martin shove he back . martin ( cont 'd ) get out of my way --! Guard grab Martin 's shoulder . Martin shake he off . Guard grab he again . Martin elbow he . a scuffle . martin ( cont 'd ) Liz --! please ... . Martin 's haul back ... away from Liz . strauss if you do not leave now , sir , we will have to call the police . Martin pull free , step away . martin ( loud , sardonic ) great ! that 's the first good idea anyone 's have . call the police . call the God damn Army ! ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 5 ) martin ( cont 'd ) ( to Liz , serious ) it 's not funny . I be hurt ... Liz just stare at he , afraid , anchore to Martin B 's arm . tnt . security control room - night see through glass . a wall of monitor show image from around the hotel . Inside , Martin sit , surround . int . security control room - same Martin rock in a chair ; restless , hand knotted . a female detective watch he . a older detective be on the phone . strauss sit near he , study he , while a technician fast - forward 4 - pane video of the hotel reception area , the drive in front of the hotel ... martin there ! right there ! on the video : slow to real-time . Liz , arrive at reception , speak with the receptionist , gesture outside . martin ( cont 'd ) that 's Liz , and I ... I must have be outside , I ... I can not remember . the video play on . Liz thanks the receptionist , leave . strauss as you can see ... you be not there . Martin stare at he , helpless . the older detective hang up the phone ... older detective Immigration confirm the arrival of a Doctor and Mrs. Harris on November 23rd at 16.37 . a hour later they check into they suite at the Hotel . Martin breathes in . choose he word carefully . martin he 's not Martin Harris . I be Martin Harris . the man downstairs be pretend to be I . older detective and this impostor ... may I ask ? do he also steal you wife ? ( continued ) 18. continued : silence . Martin search for a response . the hint of a smile on the female detective 's face . martin he 's force she ... he must have -- strauss -- but why ? exactly ? . why ? there 's no answer to that . Martin look down . a beat . martin this ... this be insane . he stare at they face . he calm himself , try to get a grip . a memory resurfacing ... martin ( cont 'd ) my lab number ... at Dartmouth ... call my assistant , she can verify who I be . call she right now ... he pick up a pad , scribbles down the number . beat . the female detective pick up the phone , dial . she switch to speaker . ringing tone . click . a record message ... woman' voice ( o.s. ) hello . this be 235-0535 , the office of Doctor Martin Harris . if you be call ... the older detective press " off " . Martin recalling ... martin it 's Thanksgiving ... no one 's go to be there till Monday ... ( rack he brain ) Rod ... rodney Cole ... he 's a colleague . a friend . I know he number ... 603-389-4457 ... female detective dutifully dial the number . ringing again . click of a machine . then a jovial male voice : voice ( o.s. ) ( through phone ) this be Doctor Cole . I be have a out -of-office experience right now , so ... leave a message . click . awkward silence . Martin flail ... martin Professor bressler , talk to he . he 's why I be in Berlin . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) strauss you want we to disturb a Nobel prize win scientist , simply to attest to you story ... when no crime have be commit ? martin but it have !... that man have take everything from I , do not you see ? you have to arrest he ... strauss for what ? enter the country legally ? present all the correct documentation ? on one of the monitor : a view of the Rose room : Liz and Martin B visible in the corner , dining . strauss ( cont 'd ) ( off the monitor ) . and share a hotel suite with he wife ? Excuse I , you wife ? martin ( eye glued ) she be my wife ! older detective even if she be you wife , share a room with she be not illegal . not in Germany . female detective ( german , subtitle : ) look at she . soon we will have twenty more man claim to be she husband . the room try not to laugh , can not help smile . the monitor image flip , now just a corridor . martin ( cold ) I be sorry , I do not realize this be funny to you . the older detective frown , offended . the female detective speak into she radio . Martin track , panic . older detective listen ... you have no proof you be even american . we can arrest you only for that . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 3 ) martin I tell you , I be in a accident . I lose ... I lose all my -- wait , what be you do ...? the female detective listen to the radio response , nod to the older man who check in with strauss . martin ( cont 'd ) oh God ... you be go to arrest I . you be go to -- older detective on Monday , you can speak with a lawyer . tell he who you be . the older detective confer with the female detective . on the monitor : the image from the Rose room reappear : Liz and Martin B visible : laugh , drink . Martin 's gaze dart , panicked : the image . the detective . strauss . Martin ... come to a decision ... martin ( low , pain ) I be sorry ... you be probably right . face look over , interested . martin ( cont 'd ) I ... the accident . I have not be remember thing , very well . perhaps this be just ... perhaps I be confuse . Martin remember something , fumble in he jacket and produce farge 's card . martin ( cont 'd ) this be my doctor , at the hospital . he warn I this might happen . I should go back there . I be really embarrassed ... strauss leans in , half convinced . strauss so ... now you be say that you be not Dr. Martin Harris ? on martin . eye tight . Point of no return . martin I ... I do not know . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 4 ) martin ( cont 'd ) please , I will not be any more trouble . you can call the doctor . please . ext . service entrance , HOTEL imperial - moment later Martin in a humiliate daze as two HOTEL guard escort he out of a service entrance . dirty pavement , a few bellhop smoke in the cold by a propped - open door . the guard move Martin along , out towards the hotel taxi stand . int . taxi cab - same Martin climb into the back seat . one of the guard hand Dr. farge 's business card to the driver , speak to he in german . door slam , cab start to move . martin be p.o.v . -- the HOTEL even as they pull away , several high - end mercede be sweeping up . saudi security get out of the first and last car , check around before open the door of the center car . the man we see on tv get out . prince farad , flanke by bodyguard and gorgeous female companion . the HOTEL manager and conference head greet he , smile and handshake , they usher he entourage inside . Martin track the Prince , then focus beyond : a view into the hotel bar . Liz and Martin B enter ... martin his gaze fix on they as the cab start to move again ... martin wait ! stop ! I have change my mind ... Martin thrust a few bill forward , step out ... ext . konigstrasse - night scrrech ! a large brown Range Rover lock up tire as Martin step out in front of it . a brief moment , Martin stare up into the tinted front glass ... can not make out the driver . he hold up he hand , apologize , make he way to the street . weaving back through pedestrian , eye fix on the bar ... freeze as he see they . martin be p.o.v . -- liz and martin B ( continued ) 22. continued : he lean into she , speak quietly . she nod , intimate , smile and shake she head . what a evening ... Liz and Martin B get up , leave . she take he arm , intimate , head out to the lobby . p.o.v. darting , searching ... pick they up again in ... . a exterior elevator rise up the side of the building . the two of they inside . alone ... ext . berlin street ( various ) - night Martin walk fast , blind , lose . miasma of light and sound . frozen mannequin in window ... the din of club and bar ... sex - shop neon sizzling . nowhere to go but to keep go . the river . Martin gaze at the dark water ... martin be P. o. V. -- SHOCK CUT -- memory flash silent free-fall . wham ! the taxi hit the water . the rattle of a U - bahn train on a bridge snap he back . its pulsing light strobing like a silent movie . ext . STREET pay phone - night faint voice in Martin 's ear as rodney Cole recite he message . hand numb with cold , Martin pump in change . martin rodney it 's I , Martin . Rod , I be in Berlin for the conference , but it 's liz. she 's ... I be in trouble , Rod ... phone issue a demand for more money . Martin fumble for change , drop a crumpled ball of euros into the gutter . int . transit HOTEL - rosenthaler platz - night ' Hotel ' be a charitable description . Martin count out sodden bill , hand they to a woman behind the desk . she in turn give Martin a form to fill . woman fur reisepaf3... passport ... a beat . Martin look at she , helpless . the woman sigh . pushes back he money . woman ( cont 'd ) nicht reisepal3 , nicht hotelzimmer . Police ... very bad . 23. ext . transit HOTEL - moment later Martin exit , pull dirty clothing close against the cold . he scan the street , unnerve , frown as he spot a brown range rover , up the street , park , idling . he squint , paranoid , check the other way ... his eye lock on a light s- bahn station across the platz . ext . s- bahn station berlin mitte - night Martin push through the turnstile , he footstep echo in the empty tile corridor as he eye play over the advertisement . happy sexy Germans smile back at he ... the SOUND of footstep behind he , match he . he slowly become aware , glance back . martin be p.o.v. : the empty corridor , curving away ... Martin stop , listen ... nothing . he start to move again , aware that the delicate " click " of the follow step also begin again . up ahead , the corridor straighten out at the train platform , several late - night traveler wait . Martin begin to hurry ... the footstep also increase in speed . another sound : a train approaching . Martin give up cool , start to run as the train barrel into the station , its noise eclipsing all sound . Doors open and Martin leap in , turn to face the open door ... . moment pass , the car 's bell signal . then a man appear , rush from the corridor , one hand raise . man ( german , subtitle : ) please ! hold the door ! he 's mild - face , glass , carry a shopping bag in one hand . he frowns as Martin do nothing to stop the door . the two man stare through the glass as the train begin to move . the man shake he head : foreigner . int . s- bahn train - night Martin shiver with cold and exhaustion , eye play over the few passenger in the car ... a nondescript man a few bench down who stare at he , then back to he paper . Martin eye he , paranoid . slowly give up , let he gaze play over the advert . Times , date ... Nov 26th . memories reawaken ... ( continued ) 24 . continued : have to write something down . fumble in he jacket for he the copy of ' horticus , ' look for a blank page to write on . a piece of card fall from between its page . something print on one side . Martin flip it over , scribbles on the other : " 28th . bressler . 12.30 ... " other time , date , number . everything he can remember ... sudden overwhelming fatigue . the roar of the train . voice . light racing by the window . Martin 's eyelid droop . flicker . close ... sudden flash CUT - fractured memory ... . lecture hall , young Liz in the audience . student clapping . smiling older colleague shaking he hand ... become ... bee ' wing swarm in they hive ... young martin watch mesmerize through a magnify glass ... they movement morph into naked body . urgent , passionate . Martin and Liz make love . whompf ! sudden shift -- a HOTEL bedroom ... . Liz towell she hair . only now it 's dark , and cut short . turn , smile at he . face close . lip move . liz be you ready ...? int . s- bahn train - morning Martin 's eye creak open . the train be still move , but everything have change . Morning passenger crowd the car , give he space . a american couple , they bag tuck tight . the wife stare down at he . int . s- bahn bathroom - moment later Martin run water , comb he hair with he finger . tries to press crease out of he stain suit . he stare into the graffiti-stain metal mirror of the bathroom . martin be you go to give up ? ( beat ) okay . solve the problem ... int . internet cafe - night Martin sit in front of a sticker and stain monitor , eye glue to the screen as he type in a url . the Dartmouth mail website appear . Martin type in he login , password . " login fail . please try again . " ( continued ) continued : another attempt . same result . he switch tactic . type " Martin Harris " into Google ... 605,000 result come back at he . on a impulse , he click " image . " ... . page after page of man young and old . get marry , pose , party , historical illustration ... behind Martin , door jingle , a young man come into the cafe , seat himself across and to the side of Martin . Martin focus , try ' Martin Harris , phd ' ... cursor click . a new window open . ' the role of gorytini and thynnidae in drakea pollination . ' ' Research faculty information : Dr. Martin Harris ...' contact number . no picture . he stare in disbelief ... suddenly become aware of the man across : Young , nondescript , he head bob gently to whatever he ipod earbud be play , stare into he computer ... the young man look over , meet Martin 's eye , hold for a long moment , small smile , look back . Martin study he for a moment , force he gaze back to the page , the negation of he life on a small screen . the young man . glance over again . Martin catch he . martin can I help you ? hello ? the guy point to he headphone , shrug . Martin stare at he screen , ear listen for the tell tale sound of music seeping from the earbud ... nothing . Martin rise suddenly , look to the bored attendant who nod towards the back . Martin move past college kid on Facebook , to a dim back corridor , a door mark " manner , " and what 's he 's look for : a back door , crack . ext . alley behind the internet cafe - night Martin slip into the alley , trot towards the street , glance back . no one be follow . he move onto the street , wait at a light ... eye lock onto the familiar " Ace taxi " logo of a taxi pass ... sudden flash of memory -- : cartwheeling taxi ... Silent freefall dive . the ' Ace taxis ' logo ... the face in the mirror . look back at he . gina . eye meet ... 26 . I /e. taxi depot - bucher strasse - early morning revving engine . echoing voice . hunched against the drizzle , Martin pause outside it . the play card ' Ace taxis ' logo . Martin duck under the open steel shutter ... int . ' ace ' taxis - dispatch office - early morning the depot manager , a bully with a face like boil meat , rant at Martin in german . biko , a gentle- look somalian , translate . his English be impeccable . biko he say he do not care if she save you life ... the bitch cost he 20,000 euros ... the insurance will not cover the cab because she have no license ... the driver who be let she moonlight in he taxi , skip town ... the depot manager 's rage reach a hitlerian climax ... biko ( cont 'd ) . he say illegal immigrant be destroy german society ... martin so. I be guess he do not know where she be . biko ( SMALL beat ) no one know where she be . Martin study biko , nod . martin please thank he for he time . ext . taxi depot bucher strasse - early morning biko exit the depot , start to tuck in ipod earphone when Martin catch up with he , meet he pace . biko hey , american . I be sorry we could not help you -- martin you know where she be . you pause . I could tell . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . continued : martin ( cont 'd ) please , I just want to thank she . she save my life . biko eye he , wary ... martin ( cont 'd ) I think , maybe she could use my help . maybe I could give she some money ... ( softening ) I just want to thank she . please . Martin put out he hand , sincere . biko size he up , then take he hand , shake it . biko Solomon ... Solomon obiko . my friend just call I biko . martin Martin . Martin Harris . int . hasir cafe - continuous Berlin 's ' Little Istanbul ' . a turkish work man 's joint . steam rise around a busy food counter . condensation on the window . gina pick up steaming food from the kitchen , drop it off with two turkish man , chat with they briefly in fast turkish . there 's a bruise around she eye , now heal . she move to the register where a beefy owner count off a week 's pay and stuff it in a envelope for she . she thanks he in german , tuck it away and duck behind the counter to steam milk for a coffee . glance up ... freeze . across the counter : martin . stare at she , gaug she reaction . a long moment , she look back down to she work . martin you remember I . you know who I be . she finish the turkish coffee , start another . martin ( cont 'd ) I be in you taxi . gina I do not drive a taxi . she take the two drink towards a table . he follow . across the room , the owner eye they . ( continued ) 28 . continued : martin no , you do . I be in you taxi , we crash . why do you leave ? why do not you talk to the police ? hey ! she put up a hand , calming he . gina okay . okay . how do you find I ? martin you friend , biko . ( cut she off ) it 's not he fault . I tell he I have money for you . gina do you ? martin no . I mean , not now . I -- gina laugh , shake she head , try to push by he . he get in she way . eye from around the room track . martin ( cont 'd ) please . listen to I , I have be in the hospital , since the accident . my memory , it 's ... I do not remember what happen but something be go on and there be some people I need you to speak to . I need you to tell they what happen . gina duck back behind the counter . martin ( cont 'd ) look , thing have be happen to I . I think I be be follow . that get she attention . her eye lift , scan outside . martin ( cont 'd ) you be my only link to before everything go ... gina ( moving away ) crazy ? martin yes , crazy ... but it 's true . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) the owner be now . really watch . martin ( cont 'd ) you have to help I -- she round on he . patience snap . pushes through door , gesture he with she into ... int . kitchen , hasir cafe - continuous .pot , pan , food bubbles . immigrant cook work , glace up but speak no English . gina , really angry . gina what do you expect I to do ? I be a illegal , drive a taxi without a permit , in a accident without insurance . if the cop catch up with I they will throw I in jail . if I be in jail , I lose everything , understand ? if I be in jail , they deport I . martin you be not listen to I -- gina no ! it 's you who be not listen . you be a american . go to you fancy embassy . go to the Police . there a million people here who will help you . martin but you know who I be . gina no , I do not . what 's you name ? martin Martin Harris , Doctor m -- gina okay , fantastic , you be Martin Harris . you be whoever you say you be . yes , I pick you up and we crash . it do not mean I know who you be ! she back off , a hand raise against he . he stare after she , the truth of what she 's say hit he . martin ( suddenly ) where be I go ? in the taxi ? ( continued ) continued : gina what ...? ( beat , soften ) to the airport . arrival . you be in a hurry . martin but I would just arrive . it do not make any sense ... she raise she hand , enough . he look at she , take in the bruise on she face . martin ( cont 'd ) you get hurt , too . in the crash . ( off she shrug ) thank you . for save my life . thank you . gina you would have do the same . martin no . you can not be sure how you ' will act . not until something like that happen . gina well ... I know I . I jump in without think . it cause I lot of trouble . she look up at he . meet he eye square for the first time . then ... gina ( cont 'd ) so please . just leave I alone . he nod . she turn , push back into the restaurant . he watch she explain to she boss ... then turn away , towards a back door . int . US embassy - morning fluorescent light . linoleum floor . Martin sit in a small plastic chair fill out paperwork . alone . the place be close early for the long weekend . a man open a door , look at Martin . Martin Harris ? 31 . int . office . US embassy - day marc spiegler be german , fluent English . patient , but wishing he be on he way home as well . he look over Martin 's paperwork as Martin place he watch and the " horticus " book on the table . where the form ask for a complaint , Martin have write " Identity theft . " spiegler ( not look up ) have you contact you credit Card company ? martin no . you do not understand . as I explain to the last guar -- who go home by the way -- it 's not about credit card . someone have take over my identity . someone be pretend to be I . here . in Berlin . spiegler nod , sense this will not be a easy one . spiegler do you contact the local authority ? martin yes . they ... they believe the other man . I need a new passport , papers to prove -- spiegler sigh , a mixture impatience and sympathy . spiegler why do they believe the other man ? martin because ... because my wife . he 's stay with my wife . they must be force she -- spiegler suppress a small laugh , look away . martin ( cont 'd ) you do not think I know how it sound ? let I ask you this , if my wife be have some hot and heavy affair with another man , why not just leave I ? why this ? after all , we be in Europe , right ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : spiegler burn , nod . martin ( cont 'd ) look , I need a passport . ( tapping the form ) I need the document that this embassy be suppose to provide . spiegler do you know , the thing people will do to get a US passport ...? ( beat ) anyway , we be close until Monday . if you come back then -- martin Monday ?! they have kidnappedmy wife . you need to find out who this other man be , you need to be in contact with my wife -- spiegler exhales , cuttint Martin off . he pick up martin' rolex , glance at the initial . look at he copy of ' horticus ' , the inscription on the inside cover . as he do , a slip of paper come loose , Martin pick it up . spiegler you understand , we be not a detective agency , we ... spiegler stop , sense Martin be not listen anymore . Martin 's stare at the slip of paper where on one side be scribble : " 28th . bressler . 12.30 pm ... " martin I have a meeting with bressler ... spiegler what ? martin ( collecting thing ) never mind . you have be very unhelpful . earlier a woman yell at I because I have it so easy ... be a american . have a nice day ... spiegler watch he . second thought . consult he address book . scribbles down a number ... spiegler hey. Martin Harris . here ... Martin take it . ( continued ) 33. continued : ( 2 ) spiegler ( cont 'd ) a old friend . he need work , and he 's good at find thing . he may be able to help you . int . entrance hall , technical university - day cavernous lobby , echoing voice and footstep . ancient brickwork and tile contrast with new - age furniture and technology . a atomic clock read 12.35 . Martin head to the desk . martin Excuse I . I need to find Professor bressler 's lab . I have a appointment at 12.30 ... I be late ... the female receptionist behind the desk consult she screen . beat . frown . receptionist you name please ? martin Dr. Martin Harris . the professor know who I be . we schedule this meeting week ago . receptionist the professor know you ? martin well , we have not meet , but we have be corresponding . he invite I here to discuss my thesis . Dr. Martin Harris ... she frown , rise from the desk . receptionist wait here please . martin be there some sort of problem ? no answer , she disappear into a back office . Martin shake he head , exasperate . he scan the building plan on the wall ... ' bressler . l.p - molekulare botanik - 305 ' ... suddenly about-turn , head for the stair . the woman out of the office . sees he . receptionist nein ... eingang ist verboten : ( continued ) 34 . continued : she quickly grab the phone on the desk , speed-dialing . int . bressler' laboratory - morning surreal . row of head-height corn in a large humid chamber under bright light . above , ancient rusting girder and brick . insect hum . research student clip seed spikelet , bag and log the sample . Martin slip quickly in through a door , unseen . heat and moisture hit he . above the drine of bug ... voice . Martin tense . he recognize one of they ... martin B ( o.c . ) drakea , name after anthea drake , the English botanist who wonder how it manage to reproduce when it do not appear to attract any insect ... a wave of anger ... that 's Martin 's work he 's discuss ! the other side of the lab - martin B with bressler ... bressler it 's puzzle , one wonder how -- bressler stop talk . stare past Martin B at martin , head toward they down a corn row , eye burn . martin Professor bressler ... Martin B turn , see he . his eye harden . but it 's bressler who speak first . alarm , indignant : bressler this laboratory be a restrict area . who be you ? martin it 's all right , Professor ... martin B what the hell be you do here ? bressler you know this man ? martin B -- how do you get in here ? be you absolutely out of you mind ? martin Professor . he be not Martin Harris . I be Martin Harris . ( continued ) 35 . continued : that 's a conversation stopper . bressler look to Martin B ... who shake he head , embarrassed . Martin point : martin B oh , Jesus ... a phone ring somewhere in the room . it 's pick up . bressler so what be this ? some sort of hybridize propagation ? there be two Martin harrise ? martin B no ... let I explain . this man show up at the hotel last night . Security have to remove he . the police be call ... martin I call the police , you sonofabitch --! martin B -- seem he check himself out of the hospital . he be in a accident of some sort . . one of the research student call to bressler in german . Martin catch the word " polizei " . a surge of panic . he look around . see a straw he can grasp at ... martin drakea drakensis ... miss drake be wrong ... . the plant sample on the table behind bressler . martin ( cont 'd ) a single insect be attract , but she could not see it . it 's too small and it move too fast . thynnidae . it 's a kind of wasp , but it look like a ant . only the male have wing . the orchid re-produce the pheromone of the female wasp to lure it in . it 's a trick . it 's pretend to be something it be not ... bressler look to Martin . surprise ... curious now . Martin see he open . hope in he voice ... martin ( cont 'd ) we talk ... you and I ... on the phone ... ( more ) ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) martin ( cont 'd ) we discuss you interest in alternative form of propagation . I tell you about my father , a school teacher ... he passion for science ... how he pass that on to I ... martin B -- I do not believe it ! you have be listen to my call ? just who the hell be you ? martin I say I would like to do the same for my kid . you talk about you child ... two girl ... right ? yeah ... they -- his voice falter ... tail off into silence . search he memory . expression shifting to one of panic ... martin ( cont 'd ) you ... you tell I they name ... I can not ... I know they ... I ... Martin B pick up for he . icy clarity : martin B ... Laurel , and lily . Martin freeze as Martin B go on ... martin B ( cont 'd ) twin ... ten year old . the same age I be when I tell my father I want to be a botanist . we discuss that on the phone , Professor ... how I would never see he so happy . Martin sway on he foot , sweat bead ... martin no ! that be not you . do not you remember ? we speak of how brave we wife be to marry --- martin B -- to marry scientist . I tell you about we honeymoon -- martin ( overlapping ) -- we honeymoon in Paris . my wife and I . Liz want to go to the museum . all I want to do be visit the -- ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 3 ) martin B -- the ecole polytechnique ... martin B ( cont 'd ) martin but she insisted and . but she insisted and that 's how I first see that 's how I first see Leonardo 's vitruvian man ! Leonardo 's vitruvian man !. a beat , a breath . bressler look between they . wow ... martin B ( cont 'd ) look stop it ! Martin B suddenly seem to SNAP . martin B ( cont 'd ) this be my wife we be talk about ! my father , whom I love . you may think it 's funny , but it 's my life . whatever sick pleasure this give you -- I be tired of it . I be do . you need to ... stop . Martin just stare at the Martin B who 's shaking , upset . like look in a mirror that have take you emotion . martin I ... this be not happen ... . the police suddenly there . two officer . bressler signal for they to stay back . Martin lift he eye ... martin ( cont 'd ) I ... I be ... he 's not ... a beat . Martin B shake he head . martin B I can not believe I need to do this ... he reach in he jacket . produce a passport . Martin b's face . Dr. Martin Harris . then he open he wallet . credit card , New Hampshire driver 's license ... a photograph in the wallet 's plastic sleeve ... Martin see the photograph . his eye widen ... p.o.v . -- the photograph . dog - ear with age . a young Martin B with Liz . in the tuilery in Paris , he arm around she . the image closer blurring out of focus ... vertigo spin ... the floor rushing up ... wham ! then nothing . ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 4 ) white light flicker like a candle in darkness . suddenly closer . blinding . voice behind the light . a distort form slowly take shape . a familiar bearded face ... int . examination room , waldfriede hospital - day dr . farge fan a penlight across Martin 's eye . propped up on a gurney . flinch at the glare . farce the police bring you here . the mistake be mine . I should never have let you leave . Martin blink , bleary . farge talk briefly to the nurse in german . she nod , start prepping a hypodermic at a table . farge look back to Martin . explain gently : farge ( cont 'd ) confusion ... memory loss ... the complete or partial loss of identity ... this be common stage in recovery . some temporary , other longer term . we be go to do a mri . try to find out what 's happen . Martin stare out the window , not fight , hardly listen . a bird alight on a branch . farge ( cont 'd ) the mind be like a jigsaw puzzle . the piece fit together to create the person we be . with major trauma , the puzzle be shattered . but the brain 's ability to recover be remarkable . the mind need a narrative , a identity ... a soul . without memory , without a past , we be nothing . in the coma state , memory be rebuilt . in some case the piece move . in other they go miss . and sometimes ... completely new piece be find . the bird fly off . Martin 's eye track ... empty . farge ( cont 'd ) comas sometimes perform a kind of alchemy . a patient awake convinced of a reality that be previously only fantasy . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 . continued : farge ( cont 'd ) New man , in effect , with new life ... new love . martin Doctor ... do you know what it feel like , to become insane ? farge .. there be quite a lot of literature on the subject . but finally , I would say it 's a subjective -- martin I can tell you . Martin look over , farge almost recoil at the intensity in Martin 's eye . fear. loss. anger . martin ( cont 'd ) ( almost calm ) it 's like a war , between what you know ... he tap he forehead . martin ( cont 'd ) .and what you believe . his hand move down he body to he chest , tap he heart . he leans towards farge . martin ( cont 'd ) . who do you think win ? Martin smile . tight , hurt , fatalistic . farge , almost afraid , nod to the nurse who slip the needle in . martin be p.o.v . -- the nurse's face fading into ... far-off voice . gurney moving beneath he . look up . light pass . rhythmic SOUND of the wheel become ... int . mri room , waldfriede hospital - day . claustrophobic nightmare ; a support hold Martin 's head rigid , earphone piping soothing classical music , but the noise of the machine be all - engulf . dunn-dunn-dunn . the sound deafening . scanner move over he ... Martin 's eye empty ... far far away . smash CUT into memory - fractured image ... undulating body move over each other , Martin and Liz make love . urgency building . suddenly shifting ... ( continued ) 40 . continued : . Martin B and Liz drink in the hotel bar ... she lean over , whisper to he , intimate . back to scene -- sudden quiet a abrupt jolt . electric whine . platform move , slide Martin out of the tube . his eye open , take in the room . martin be p.o.v . -- two orderlies . tend to he . one raise a needle , inject a cloudy substance into Martin 's iv bag ... . the mri Control Booth , empty . Martin squint , a little confuse . he raise he eye , look into the face of the man from the Internet Cafe ! call he jone . martin he mind struggle to compute . the sudden overwhelming realization that he 's not insane . this man be here . his eye dart as the other orderly glance over , the man from the train tunnel . call he smith . he smile at Martin , polite , nondescript . ghostly in he disinterest . jone hello , Martin . this will not take very long . Martin try to raise up but can not move -- he arm and leg be like lead . he open he mouth to call out , he voice barely a murmur . his eye lock on the iv bag , the steady drip ... drip ... down the line into he body ... the two man quickly lift Martin , hefting he face - down onto a gurney . one arm dangle . martin be p.o.v .-- straight down -- the Men 's shoe , thick sole , black . linoleum tile . wheel of the gurney . -- Jones , stuff he clothes and effect into a plastic bag , toss they under the gurney . Smith push ... nurse ( german , subtitles : ) Excuse I , where be you take this patient ? Martin 's vision rack , trace the nurse 's white sneaker , stand in the now open doorway to the room . Martin strain to yell , to speak , nothing . he can just move he head enough to eyeball the iv . drip ... drip ... drip ... ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) jone ( german , subtitles : ) we have instruction to move this patient to the american Hospital at Wiesbaden . here be the papers . the rustle of paper . Martin concentrate , eye on the iv tube , hang between the bar of the gurney and he arm . great effort , he leans , pinching the tube close . close on the iv : the drip ... stop . nurse ( german , subtitles : ) I be surprised I be not inform ... let I check with -- a SOUND , like paper tear quick ... and the nurse fall to the floor , staring up at martin , her throat CUT . Martin gaze down at she in horror as she bleed out , stare upwards at he , the light in she eye die . around he Smith and Jones start to move , lock the door , open cabinet , work fast , Martin 's eye lock on : a pair of scissors , tuck in she apron . eye water , adrenaline surging , Martin will he hand to reach down , palm the scissors , just as the nurse 's body be drag away , leave a trail of red ... int . hospital corridor - day the mri room door open , the two ' orderly ' wheel the barely conscious Martin out into the corridor . behind they , the room be spotless . they round a corner , almost at the exit ... Doors ahead blow OPEN . doctor , paramedics rush forward with various wounded on gurney . something big have happen . Smith and Jones eye the madness come they way , command decision , they duck into int . patient's room - continuous . where a feeble old man mumble at they from he bed . they ignore the man , go about check Martin . Jones lift he head , pries open one eyelid after the other while Smith tie down he arm , cover he with a sheet . ( continued ) 42 . continued : suddenly , the door open . a doctor , breathless . doctor ( german , subtitles : ) you two . we need help !. right now ! ( off they hesitation ) come on ! now ! no choice . they exit after the doctor , Jones glance back at Martin as the door swing shut behind they . a beat . the cover shape on the gurney start to move . Martin 's hand saw back and forth , use the scissors to cut the strap that bind he . across , the Old man track the motion ... scared . success ! a strap give way . Martin paw the blanket weakly away . feel along he arm , and pull out the iv . blood drip . he rise up , try to orient ... martin be p.o.v . -- flare , distorted . the old man stare at he ... dazzling daylight frame by a window ... strange reverberate echoes ... martin . pull himself upright . tries to stand , but he body be like jello . reaches out , grab the leg of a steel equipment trolley which teeters ... crash to the floor , shower Martin with a cascade of instrument and dressing . int . recovery room ( along corridor ) - same alarm ring . emergency team cluster around a lifeless patient , work fast . Smith and Jones , resentfully hold drip bag . they hear that . turn , eye meeting . set down they drip bag . Edge back toward the door ... int . hallway , hospital - same Smith and Jones , hurry down the hall . Quick check into the patient 's room reveal Martin gone , the old man gesture , panicked ... they move on , fast , around a corner into ... int . hospital e.r. receiving area - continuous very busy . patient ... doctor and nurse . Smith and Jones push into the room , scan ... see : ( continued ) continued : a familiar figure shuffle towards the door ! give away by the plastic bag and the hospital gown show under the jacket . bam ! entrance door slam OPEN . paramedics charge in , wheeling in more accident patient on a gurney past Martin as he exit . Smith and Jones break into a run , try to press through two more crews come through with more crash victims ... ext . hospital e.r. arrival - same chaos here . ambulance arrive , depart . crews slamm they rig close , take off , siren wailing . other arrive with wounded ... Smith and Jones rush out of the hospital door , pull up . the many ambulance , the crowd ... no sign of Martin . I /e. ambulance / berlin street - short while later cop car and fire truck surround a accident scene where a truck have side - swipe a trolley - car . ambulance pull up behind they . paramedics jump out , one of they pull open the back door ... startles as he find Martin , now dress back in he clothes , a reassure hand hold up , climb out unsteadily : martin it 's okay ... I be fine ... paramedic would do something , but he colleague 's yelling at he to hurry . just have to watch Martin go ... ext . friedrichstrasse , berlin mitte - day . weaving down the busy sidewalk , buffete against annoyed shopper . look behind to see if he 's be follow . nobody . keeps press on , finally arrive at a food cart tend by a Middle - Eastern man who stare at Martin . Martin eye warm gyros and souvlakis , rummages for money ... come out with just a slip of paper with write on it : the slip the man from the embassy write on . he focus , he mind clear : a name : jurgen . a address . it 's something . int . hospital - day a coroner 's hand slide a zipper close , past the lifeless eye of the nurse . across the room the two detective from the Hotel Imperial sit with farge who pour himself a drink with remorseful hand . the entire scene in german , subtitle : farge . the man 's condition be unusual , yes . but there be nothing to indicate violence . older detective be he still dangerous ? farge watch the coroner wheel away the nurse 's body . farge to someone who threaten that fantasy ...? yes . I believe he be . int . s- bahn - night Metro train car almost empty , save for a few noticeably down - at -heel passenger . Martin look up at the map . ext . marzahn , east berlin - night bleak , uniform block of Communist - era housing . graffiti- cover wall : hammer and sickle , swastikas ... Martin stop outside one , check the address on the card . int . apartment block - continuous urine stench . Water pool on concrete . ' gebrochen ' sign block off the elevator . Martin climb the step . approach footfalls , shout from above . a group of young skinhead thunder past he , on downward ... 45 . int . fifth floor , apartment block - night Martin press a bell . hear it ringing . no answer . a door behind he open . a grey-haire lady peer out . a beat . Martin try the bell again . coughing from inside , the sound of a lock . the door half open ... revealing ernst jurgen . pierce eye in a face far older than its sixty - some year . frayed suit jacket , stain shirt ; grey hair yellow by nicotine . jurgen alle in ordnung , frau brunner . he smile . frau brunner retreat back behind she door . jurgen turn to Martin . eye read he . jurgen ( cont 'd ) come in . come in . int . jurgen apartment - continuous jurgen lead Martin down a hallway pile with book . jurgen siegler use to work for I . do he tell you that ? his laughter become a cough that rack he body . let it pass , before ushere Martin into a tiny live room . jurgen ( cont 'd ) sit down ... point Martin toward a batter chair . open a bottle of cheap brandy , pour two glass . turn to find Martin look at framed photo on the sideboard ... . a younger jurgen in East german army uniform ... in a large office ... smile beside a Russian - make sedan ... jurgen ( cont 'd ) the staatssicherheit . the Ministry for State Security . martin that 's where spiegler work for you ? the secret police ? jurgen a true believer , like the rest of we . now look at he . I should have have he shot . another laugh , more coughing . hand Martin a brandy . ( continued ) 46 . continued : jurgen ( cont 'd ) he forget . Germans be expert at forget . we forget we be Nazis . now we have forget forty year of communism . all go . but it 's not just history that 's forget . it 's people , too . he sink into a chair . tire smile . jurgen ( cont 'd ) but enough of I ... later -- smoke rise from a cigarette jurgen jot note in a pad . Hand unsteady , he perches he cigarette on the ashtray , pick up the ' horticus ' . martin I always have it with I . it be a gift from my father ... jurgen flip it open . notice the inscription , the number write inside the front endpaper . a beat . jurgen this mean anything to you ? martin no . it 's my wife 's handwrite . jurgen so , they mean something to she . he look to Martin . direct . jurgen ( cont 'd ) her involvement in this . there must have be something ... in the past ... some indication ? a beat . Martin shake he head , at a loss . jurgen leaf on ... the piece of card drop from between the page . jurgen pick it up . Martin 's notation from the night before in the train : time ... date ... place . martin my schedule ... for this week . it 's everything I remember . jurgen turn over the card . german print . a cheery cartoon uncle Sam : ' uncle Sam 's bowl &amp ; billiard ' . martin ( cont 'd ) my friend rodney Cole tell we to go , say it be a blast . 47 . later still -- jurgen tapping he pencil on the pad ... intrigue . jurgen passport , credit card , family photo ... thing like this take time to prepare . you say this man have detailed knowledge of you research , of you relationship with ... martin Professor bressler . he know everything ... jurgen include the fact that you be go to have a random accident that would allow he seamlessly to take you place ? this people may be good , but they be not God . the question be , why would they want to take you place ? what could they gain from be you ? martin they try to kill I . jurgen yes , do you a favor I would say . now you have ... redlichkeit ... now you know you be right . martin do you believe I ? a beat . jurgen pour they both another brandy . jurgen in the stasi , we have a basic principle : ask enough question and a man who be lie will eventually change he story . but a man who tell the truth cannot change he , however unlikely he story sound . I believe you be tell the truth , Doctor Harris . a long beat . jurgen close the notebook . jurgen ( cont 'd ) I will start by call this number again ... as you say , it 's Thanksgiving ... ( more ) ( continued ) 48 . continued : jurgen ( cont 'd ) and there 's the time difference , so it may take time to make contact . and then there be the question ... martin of money ... ? jurgen yes . of money . Martin take off he rolex . set it on the table . martin it 's all I have . I will pay you in cash as soon as I can . jurgen nod , pick up the watch . turn it , look at the engrave on the back . as Martin turn to leave ... jurgen Doctor Harris ... a wince of pain as jurgen get up . lift a tea tin off the shelf . open it . take out a hundred euros ... jurgen ( cont 'd ) a loan against you guarantee . martin thank you . jurgen I will need twenty - four hour . call I tomorrow afternoon . do you have a place to stay ? a long beat . off Martin 's face ... int . hasir cafe - night gina be clean up for the night , count she tip , jotting number in a small notebook . the television play the evening news quietly . in a corner , she boss be tally the day receipt at a table . gina duck under the counter , call out to a man who 's park in a corner seat , out of sight . gina ( turkish , subtitle : ) hey , friend . we be close ... the man look up : it 's Martin . he 's exhaust , wet . his eye full of need and fear . ( continued ) 49 . continued : gina ( cont 'd ) ( stepping back ) I think I tell you to -- martin I be sorry . please . I have nowhere else to go ... she start to respond , hold it back . nod . gina I know the feel . martin I just need to know . the man you pick up , the man who 's life you save . that be I , right ? it be I . she look down at he , move . eye track he wedding ring . gina you be marry . what about you wife ? martin I ... do not know . ( beat ) can you imagine what it 's like , to wake up one day , and you life ... have be erase . beat . he start to rise , collect himself . gina it be you . Martin Harris . you . martin ( nodding ) thank you . he start to go . she put a hand on he arm . he stare at it . human contact . gina do not be a idiot . come on ... he hesitates , then let she lead he out of the cafe . in the corner , the owner watch they go . the tv news change , flash a special . the owner look up : on television : Martin 's face , catch by a camera at the hospital . juxtapose next to it , a smile picture of the nurse . german text scroll : " want for murder ... " the owner 's hand move , pick up the phone . 50 . e/ i. STREET / range rover - night the Brown Range Rover idle on the street . exhaust plume . Inside , two figure statue in silence . Smith and Jones . wait . the engine idle , the vent blow heat . suddenly , a electronic scrambler on the dashboard squawks in german . ext . berlin street - night Martin and gina walk side by side , unused to the company . gina so , how long be you marry ? martin . five year . gina where do you meet she ? martin Yale ... I be a teach assistant . Liz hear I lecture . gina and there 's no way she just do not ... recognize you ? he shake he head . they reach the cement step of a overpass , climb . martin . you do not have to believe I . it 's crazy , I know . gina pause , stare through chain - link at the car below . gina everyone have a story ... where they come from , where they be go , what happen to they . why they be not happy , or alone . ( l ook over ) who care what I believe . it 's bullshit . all that matter be ... ( poke he chest ) who you be , what you do , right now . she reach in she jacket . open the notebook she be write in . column of figure . ( continued ) 51 . continued : gina ( cont 'd ) this be I . 2,259 euros and count . the number 's the only thing that change . I reach 4000 , I can buy papers ... ( beat ) or maybe I will come home one day and find a stranger who claim to be I . I would like that . walk away . leave it all behind . ( beat ) you could do that . Martin shake he head . martin I would still have my memory . gina you see ? we be different . you like you memory . very american of you . he nod . she shrug , turn away . gina ( cont 'd ) come on ... int . gina's apartment - night Key in the lock , door open . gina show Martin in . run-down but clean . rainwater seep in through the window . Martin sit , watch gina as she go to a sideboard and uncork a bottle . pour Martin a glass of clear liquor . gina slivovic . martin thank you . he take a sip . then another . gina watch he . muffled tv and argue voice in turkish from the floor below . gina the wall be make of cardboard ... but it 's home . another smile , tired . a long beat . abruptly , gina get up and leave the room . sound of drawer open . gina ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you can sleep on the floor in there . I have a extra mattress . ( continued ) continued : she reappear ... toss something to Martin . a sweater , a pair of man 's jeans . before he can speak ... gina ( cont 'd ) do not ask . ext . internet cafe , strausberger platz - night night -owl student and back - packer at row of terminal , finger tapping . the unlikely figure of jurgen wait in the line at the counter . Signs in , get he swipe key . at a computer terminal moment 's think , jurgen type Martin Harris ph.d into the search window . Hit return . close on the list , the same Martin get . no picture . jurgen write something in he notebook . type again ... ' World bio-technology Forum ' homepage . schedule ... delegate ... speaker ... photo of bressler , sub-head : ' keynote address ' ... a enlarge color photo : Guest of honor and forum sponsor Prince fahad . Google search result ... news headline : ' Saudi Prince in assassination attempt ' ... ' fail kill highlight controversial figure in arab world ' ... another click ... close on screen -- you - tube video clip Al - Jazeera News footage . fahad at a press conference . sudden shift of focus , someone approach the podium . Security move to intercept . explosive flash of a grenade . blood on the lens , hand -held pandemonium . int . hasir cafe - night the Cafe owner be still watch the local news , look for another glimpse of Martin . door jingle . he glance over to see two man , one hold up a police badge . cafe owner ( german , subtitle : ) you guy be quick ... the badge lower . it 's Jones . look utterly nonthreaten , plain . but the owner 's voice falter . 53. int . gina's bedroom - night Martin set the borrow clothing down on the bed , look around himself as he take off he jacket . intimate , to be in here . photograph on a cluttere vanity : Old country , Bosnia . Men in suit and woman in long dress . Children , a boy and two girl ... gina ? in the kitchen gina go to the fridge , remove a pot of plain stew and set it on the stove . she use a spoon to pull off a chunk of fatty meat . drop it on a chip plate and open the window ... lean out into the rain , gina reach up , slide the plate onto a sloping roof above . excite yowls as stray cat come run from every direction . gina duck back inside , pull the window shut , glance towards the crack door to she bedroom as she duck into the bathroom , turn on the hot water ... gina ( calling out ) the light 's bust so you have to leave the door open if you want to see anything . do not worry , I will not peek . ext . gina's apartment build - night the range rover pull up outside the building . int . gina's bedroom - night Martin take off he shirt , lay it down . notice several charcoal drawing , tuck behind a radiator . he pull a few out . a lonely man in the park . a woman with she child . Dark , shadow ... beautiful . gina clear she throat . Martin look over , see gina stand in the doorway , realize . martin oh. I be sorry , I just ... I be sorry . do you do this ? gina I give you a place to stay , it do not give you the right to -- ( continued ) 54 . continued : martin no , you be right ... ( put they back ) I be sorry . they be beautiful . you should -- gina I should what ? have be a artist ? perhaps in Bosnia ... ( beat , quote he ) " can you imagine what it 's like , to wake up one day . and you whole life ... have be erase ? " he stare at she , move . that connection again . he look away . look back again ... gina ( cont 'd ) what be it ? martin you eye ... it 's the one thing I remember about the accident . you eye in the mirror ... he tail off . face-to-face ... bang ! bang ! pound on the door . gina motion Martin out of sight as she open the door ... . it 's biko , the soft-spoken somali taxi-driver . he grin . tries teasingly to peek past she into the apartment . biko you get company ? she put she foot against the door , inscrutable . biko drop a set of key into she hand . biko ( cont 'd ) bring it back to my place . leave the key on the tv . and do not forget to reset the meter . gina you be the best . she peck he on the cheek . biko push in the door , just a little , but enough to catch Martin , in he undershirt , carry the rest of he clothes , halfway to the shower . martin I be ... I be just go ... in here . biko look at gina , raise a eyebrow . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) gina yes , that 's right . I sleep with every marry american you send my way -- thank you for that , by the way . biko hey , no need to explain to I . gina get on you way ! go ! she push he out , close the door . the stew have start to smoke . gina move it off the burner . in the stairwell biko trot down stair , laugh to himself . pass two man , work on the phone BOX tuck below the stair . biko ( german , subtitle : ) hey , while you be at it , check the line to number eight . she 's always get bad service . one of the man lift he face . it 's jone . biko take they in , they clothes ... frown . ext . pay phone , karl marxstrasse - night jurgen make a call , rain drip off he coat . " the Eye " . bank of cctv screen monitoring tegel 's passenger area . night -shift staff sip coffee . a income call . desk officer answer . call to a older uniformed man , who pick up , punch a button . jurgen ( o.s. ) ( german , subtitles : ) han . it 's Colonel jurgen . from the old day . I need a favor . 56 . int . gina's apartment - night gina punch play on a old boom - box and a cool bosnian hip - hop groove play . she spoon some of the stew into a bowl , set it on the table . in the bathroom Martin let the hot water run over he head , drip across he face , allow himself a tiny moment of relaxation . in the kitchen bang ! bang ! knock on the door again . gina put the bowl in the sink , head for the door . gina just a moment , biko . and you be go to be late -- she throw open the door ... smith and jone press in ! Jones clamping a hand over she mouth . watch they work be awe -inspire , chill . there 's no waste motion whatsoever . they face calm , observant . Jones hold gina , gun cover the dark entrance to the bathroom where the shower still run as Smith turn the music up loud , then open the oven , blow out the pilot light , turn on the gas ... close on the gas -- a hazy layer , rippling over the floor ... Smith grab a candle off gina 's table , light its wick , set it on top of the stove . in the dark bathroom pressed against the wall , trap , fully aware of what 's _ go on , Martin . he 's pull on clothes . by look in the small mirror over the sink , he can see the man go about they work . he can see they weapon . his eye search for anything useful , anything at all . there 's nothing . he reach towards the small window to the exterior . it swing open , revealing the FIRE escape beyond . in the apartment the gas hiss as it spill into the room . Smith grab the bottle of alcohol , douse gina as with one hand Jones produce a hypodermic ... . a low thump from the bathroom . Smith react instantly , kick in the bathroom door , gun line ... ( continued ) 57 . continued : . on nothing . the empty shower run . the window to the exterior swing gently . gina terror-stricken , realize Martin have abandon she . Jones nod to Smith who go out the door , cover the hall . Jones flip gina onto she stomach , press she face to the floor , pull down the top of she pants as he prepare to inject she with the hypodermic . she struggle , scream in rage , choke on the gas . her eye widen as Jones slide the needle in , start to PRESS ... . crash ! Martin blast in from the fire escape , through the window nearest they , catch Jones in the face , cut he face . he tumble over -- he gun slide away ... martin and jone . tumble together , smash into the sideboard which collapse , splintering into the kitchen . Martin try to hit Jones who easily deflect the blow , leap cat - like to he foot , move towards he gun as Smith be - enter , weapon draw , and freeze , he eye tracking : the candle , teeter on the stove ... now fall over ... roll ... Jones , Smith , Martin ... all track the candle , its progress towards the edge of the stove ... Jones and Smith run towards the door . Martin grab gina , haul she towards the bedroom as the candle fall ... kaboom --!!! gas explode . Doors splinter outward ... . blast hurl gina and Martin onto the bedroom floor . Martin cover gina . pressure wave sweep over they , burn debris raining . fractured vision ... tinnitus daze ... fire spread , the main room beyond the bedroom a inferno . Martin pull gina up . they move to the window and the fire escape . gina begin to slide it open ... martin no , look ! she track he gaze : down below , Jones exit the building , look up amidst other onlooker . wipe blood from he face . Martin look around , wild , for anything , he gaze settling on : the far wall . flame flare in , grow . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) with a roar Martin rush the wall , impact it with he shoulder , go right through ! int . neighboring apartent - night land hard in a small empty bedroom , turkish decorate . drywall and plaster everywhere . gina follow he through as they thread through the abandon flat out into ... int . stairwell , gina's apartment build - night Martin and gina slip out a door , into a crowd of immigrant family , other resident flee down the stairwell . smoke be thick , flame roar . martin be p.o.v . -- smith laying in wait near the entrance to gina 's place . Hand tuck in he coat . gaze rack , look for another way ... martin we have to go up ... he start to pull she , but she 's frozen , stare in horror . Martin track she gaze : biko 's body , tuck under the stair . lifeless eye stare back . ext . gina's apartment build - continuous immigrant family emerge from the flame building . Jones stand next to the Range Rover , eye tracking the crowd , the upper floor , now engulf in flame ... ext . roof top , gina's apartment build - continuous Martin and gina emerge at the top , run to the edge . he leans ... reach across to the next building ... below he : five flight down . a mortal fall . Martin 's hand grip a ledge , pull he over . he reach back , pull she across . they keep move ... 59 . ext . STREET , kreuzberg district - continuous crowd parting as FIRE truck scream around the corner . Smith come out , the last to exit the building . he meet eye with Jones , satisfied . down the STREET Martin and gina emerge from the neighbor building . see Smith climb into the Range Rover . Martin take gina 's arm , steer she away . notice a old mercede diesel taxi at the curb , cover in debris . biko 's . martin the key . where be the key ? gina stare at he , lose . Martin reach into she pocket . find biko 's key . he haul break pane , debris off the car , manage to get it open . he bundle she inside . int . taxi - continuous Martin fumble the key into the ignition . he turn it . warning light delay as the diesel 's glow - plug warm up . martin c'mon. c'mon ... in the rearview : the Range Rover , make a U - turn , head they way ... int . range rover - same Jones drive , Smith shotgun . they cruise slowly , keep a eye peel . pass the debris-cover taxi , empty . they keep move , gaze still tracking . Smith pop he cell phone . i./e. taxi / kreuzberg district street - same crouched down , Martin watch in the mirror as the Range Rover turn a corner . he restart the engine , put the car in gear and pull they away from the curb . gina still in stunne silence . wipe tear and grime off she face . she look across at Martin . he glance up at the mirror ... sudden change in he expression . gina turn , see ... ( continued ) 60 . continued : behind they -- the brown ranger rover four car back . Jones drive . Smith riding shotgun . face expressionless as they swerve out into traffic , deftly cut back in one vehicle closer to Martin and gina . gina turn back to Martin . eye wide . this can not be happen . adrenaline clear she mind ... gina Left --! turn leave ... Martin spin the wheel . taxi swerve across oncoming traffic into a side -street . gina wave frantically ... gina ( cont 'd ) Left again ! Left again ! now right . here . here ! just in time , Martin pull a right . cab drift , slam a wall side - on ... bounce back into the center of the road . gina ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! a look from Martin : what ? gina glance behind . no sign of they . moment 's relief . turn to she right . see the range rover racing down the parallel side-street ... gina ( cont 'd ) they be go to cut we off ! right . turn right -- ! Martin screech into a turn . head for the parallel alley . Range Rover flash through the intersection just ahead . taxi cut across foot behind they ... in the range rover Jones spot the taxi in the mirror . brake , high speed 180 ... race back up the alley . in the taxi Martin floor the gas . scream out into oncoming traffic , across a red light . Zig -zag past car . Edge of control . Zoom through open gate into ... ext . volkspark cemetery - continuous Tree -line avenue . close gate at the far end ... . Range Rover move fast down the street alongside the cemetery . suddenly cut leave across traffic . bounce over the curb , full - speed into the grounds . 4 WD slalome past gravestone , rapidly close on the taxi ... ( continued ) 61 . continued : close gate ahead . no choice . Martin put he foot down . smashes through the gate . Flying hinge slam the windshield -- glass instantly spider opaque ... Martin drive blind . careen against the embankment , whiplash up , spin on its axis . Rolling ... over the edge of the embankment , tumbling over and over . slam down right way up , axle crumpling . quiet . steam hiss of the engine . Martin 's hand still lock on the wheel . gina next to he . Martin shove open the door . clamber out . ext . berlin rail yard - continuous a maze of track and power line below street level . s- bahn , U - bahn , high -speed ice train , freight ... track disappear in each direction into tunnel . a sound . Martin turn , look up ... the range rover , Jones at the wheel ... spot they . engine gun , Range Rover plunge headlong down the embankment ... whistle roar ... as a high speed train hurtle out of the one of the tunnel . Martin grab gina 's hand . martin c'mon ...! running side - by-side . train horn blast as they cross right in front of it as the Range Rover , cut off , spin 90 degree , race down the track alongside it . Martin and gina scramble across track , towards a tunnel ... . the Range Rover pass the back of the train . hard right , over the track . too fast . the car catch air ... . belly down hard onto the next set of track . Front tire explode ... . Range Rover spin ... rear wheel slam into the track . another tire burst . scrape stop , car straddle the rail . Jones shift into reverse . rim spin against metal . across the track . Martin and gina sprinting towards the tunnel . Smith jump out of the Range Rover , line he weapon . blam ! blam ! inside the tunnel Martin and gina hit the ground , bullet chipping ceramic off the wall . up ahead , illuminate , some utility stair . gina gasp air , spend . Martin look behind they ... ( continued ) 62 . continued : martin be p.o.v . - smith in silhouette . coming in after they . Martin grab gina , pull she after he . in the range rover -- jone jam shift into ' drive . ' pedal to metal . four wheel drive rim scream on the rail , inch forward . almost off the track . a vibration . Jones look around ... freight car -- lumbering right for he ... shunt by a rear engine ; no way the driver can see he . scramble for the door . too late - ! . freight train plows into the range rover ! couple smashes through the window . impale the car , crushing Jones , push the mangle wreck along the track ... into the tunnel Range Rover scraping along the wall in a tail of SPARKS . Smith dive out of the way . car wreck and freight car thundering past he ... .toward Martin and gina , pelting full-speed ... almost on they ... last second , they dive into the alcove ... through the steel door into the utility access stair . gina double , gasp for breath ... but they have get to keep go . both staggering up the zig -zag iron step ... smith jump up . sprint after they . through the steel door ... int . utility stairwell - continuous Smith sprinting up to a landing . another landing . narrow tunnel . boom echoes . rush of AIR . Smith dash around a corner . slow ... int . ' U - bahn ' station - continuous . breathless . Station jammed with soccer fan . the bar have let out . face paint . sing , drink , a swarm party . a train just empty , the mass crowd out . up ahead Martin and gina , squeeze together between laugh face , drunken youth , sing , chant ... ( continued ) 63. continued : . both of they in this chaotic oasis . almost peaceful . gina struggle to catch she breath . relief . shock. grief . anger. Martin , look at she . he know what she 's feel . she meet he eye a moment , glance back ... .see Smith , catch in the crowd , but push he way towards they . gina come on ... they push they way forward through the crush . ext . s- bahn train station - night the crowd dissipate into the night . gina take martin' hand , pull he along a street of neon club sign , line of youth wait to get in . behind they . Smith emerge from the station , track they . ext . berlin STREET - night gina hurry they past bar and club . they come to a door crowded with youth , Middle - Eastern and balkan . gina pull Martin to the front . unfriendly eye stare down Martin , the huge bouncer nod recognition to gina . on the STREET Smith stop , take in the many club , the various bouncer guard they door . look down at he boring suit , nod defeat . turn and walk away . int . ' shine ' night club - night the club be barely - light , punctuate by beam of move light , constant music . the bar a glow oasis . gina lead Martin through . they pass down through old WWII bomb shelter construction , through curtain , into ... chill space even darker , only small glow light , candle , neon tub cast shadow . quiet almost , only the dull ' thud " of the bass reach they . he put a hand on she shoulder ... she push it off . martin gina ... ( continued ) 64 . continued : . and she lose it . fly at he , slapping clumsily . like a enraged child . Martin grab she ... hold she tight . body press together ... as she anger and fear and grief dissolve into sobbing ... gina his family be in Africa . the money will just stop come ... they will never know why ... . Martin calming she , stroking she head . her hand find he , grip it tight , want the contact . Martin look down at the face bury in he chest . feeling versus memory . gina ... Liz ... torn . a long beat . her control return . and she strength . she separate from he . gina ( cont 'd ) you save my life . no response . eye lock . gina ( cont 'd ) . you never know , what you will do , until the time come , right ? Martin look down , unsure . she stay on he face . look for ... her eye shift : across the space a young serbian manager speak with a female bartender . both cool , young , tough . gina make eye contact , head nod in recognition . gina ( cont 'd ) wait here ... Martin watch she go , speak with they through low light and smoke . his gaze wander ... into the strobing light ... martin be p.o.v . -- sudden CUT -- memory flash .all white . it 's snow , drift down ... settling on a small idyllic home . picket fence . light glow inside ... . suddenly inside . Liz sit on the edge of a bed , glass of red wine in she hand . Martin enter the frame , he clothing and hand cover in drywall dust . liz be you ready ... ? Liz rub dust off he face , lean in to kiss he ... 65 . int . shine night club - night Martin 's eye flick open and the SOUND and light of the club come flooding back in ... martin be p.o.v . -- gina . undressing low , move light pass across she body , wifebeater undershirt and jeans . she unzip the jeans , pull they down long leg , pull off the wifebeater , no bra ... . hesitates . look back , see that Martin be watch she . beat . beat . light catch glimpsis of she body , she breast , the arch of she back . she turn slightly away from he , push a pile of borrow clothing towards he . a heavy coat , some jeans . gina . put this on . she pull a mod shirt on , glance back as he now undress . gina ( cont 'd ) be you happy ? he look up , shirt in he hand . she do not waiver . gina ( cont 'd ) you marriage ? be it happy ? martin . yes . I think so ... I do not remember ... how it feel exactly . she approach he , lean in so she can see he eye ... gina so why would she do this to you ? martin . for the same reason I would . if I think it be the only way to protect she . gina nod , distant . Martin press on , difficult . martin ( cont 'd ) I keep have a dream . Liz be in the bedroom of we home , although it 's different somehow . her hair 's different ... she 's smile , about to say something . then it end . I can remember place , detail ... ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . continued : martin ( cont 'd ) I just can not remember ... how I feel . he stop . just the low pulsing beat from the other room the light revolve over they . gina watch he . look back at she . that connection again . he look away . she shake it off , produce a borrow joint , offer it to he . he shake he head no . she shrug , spark it . inhale deeply , eye close . she lean back . martin ( cont 'd ) you will need to get out of town . there 's a man who 's help I . he can -- gina ( seem to ignore he ) in Bosnia ... it be not like you probably imagine . it be nice . . there be cherry blossom . ( beat ) one day , I be sixteen . my sister and my brother come to I and say hey let 's play hide and seek , down by the creek . he have ten marka for whoever win . it be amazing , the way he just say it ... beat . she raise the joint , hit it again . her eye open , but she 's deep in the memory and it 's intense . gina ( cont 'd ) . so I go down to this place I know , under the small bridge over the creek . and I hide and wait . not really that long ... then I go back home , to find my brother and collect my money . ( beat ) he , and my father and my uncle be dead . and so be my mother . my sister be alive ... for a little while . she turn she head , eye blaze straight at Martin . gina ( cont 'd ) it be not enough , to kill we . they want we to remember , every day , for the rest of we life . martin we be you ... ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) gina what ? raped ? ( beat ) no . no one touch I . but now ... I be not go anywhere . I be not run anymore . she nestle in under he arm . close she eye . he let he hand gently stroke she hair . martin I will not let anything happen to you . gina ( smile sleepy ) liar ... say it again . martin I will protect you . she open she eye again , look up at he , smile , on she way to sleep . gina . cool . chill space - later gina sleep , at peace . Martin lean over the one object he have leave , he copy of " horticus . " he study the number marking on the flap , work ... ext . berlin velodrome - day vast windowless cylindrical building on the city 's edge . int . berlin velodrome -- day cheer crowd ; a sound like thunder . a massive indoor stadium , cyclist racing on a reverberate wood track below a suspend lighting rig the size of a spaceship . martin at the counter of a busy bar . jeans , T-shirt , bomber jacket . different look , to say the least . across the bar , gina nurse a coffee . they exchange look , briefly . a familiar grey-skinn figure settles next to he : jurgen . martin thank you for come . Martin glance around , edgy . jurgen watch he , glance at gina long enough to let Martin know he 's spot she . ( continued ) 68 . continued : jurgen you know , the most dangerous man in the world be the man who feel that he be drown . he will drag under anyone who try to help he . jurgen set he newspaper on the bar . a picture and article about the murder nurse . Martin 's picture , fuzzy . martin ( nod , bitter ) I ... I do not do it . jurgen study he , hard . look back at gina . jurgen you say you have something . Martin feel in he pocket , take out the copy of ' horticus ' , turn to the number on the end papers . martin this number , be a code . the first number refer to the page of a give book . the second to a specific line on that page . the third number to word on that line . if I do not have the exact edition of the book , the code would be unbreakable . jurgen ( nodd , impressed ) and what do the number refer to ? martin that 's where it break down -- the word be the Latin name of two plant species ... calochortus albus ... and umbellularia californica . Fairy lantern ... and California Bay . both common flowering plant ... jurgen not part of you work ? or Professor bressler 's ? Martin shake he head . jurgen grunt . pencils note ... jurgen ( cont 'd ) you thesis . the one you send bressler . what be the title ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) martin " the role of gorytini and thynnidae in drakea pollination . " jurgen and it be after read it that he invite you here . correct ? martin correct . yes. look -- jurgen do you ever know someone call laurence darnell ? Martin look at he quizzically . shake he head . jurgen ( cont 'd ) he be a graduate student at the University of Wisconsin . he die in a auto accident earlier this year . he be do research very similar to yours . jurgen study he closely . Martin shake he head . jurgen ( cont 'd ) what be Professor bressler 's relationship with Prince fahad ? martin ( shrug ) fahad 's sponsor the Forum , bressler 's the keynote speaker . jurgen so they be not close ? martin in a way ... they be opposite . bressler want to end world hunger . open research ... universal access to all he data on crop cultivation ... jurgen but fahad 's just a businessman . martin they be both progressive . fahad know we will need food long after oil . New agricultural patent be worth billion ... ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 3 ) jurgen but he progressiveness have cost he ... he own people hate he ... the attempt on he life ... martin he 's get ball , that 's for sure . another beat . jurgen slide the ' uncle Sam ' bookmark card from the page of the ' horticus ' ... turn it over , Martin 's remember schedule scribble on the back . jurgen there 's a cocktail party , before bressler 's speech tonight ? martin it 's in we suite . Champagne and hor d'oeuvre for bressler and a few of he guest . jurgen be fahad go to be there ? martin yes. bressler invite he ... Martin trail off . start to get there ... jurgen Martin Harris ... with just a few guest , in a confine space with Prince fahad . for some , that might be a very good reason to want to be you . martin oh , Jesus ... you can not -- jurgen flip he notebook shut . get up . jurgen -- I need a few more hour . you need to go somewhere you will not be see . then meet I outside the Cafe adler on the kochstrasse . 6.30 sharp . ext . neukolln district , berlin - day Martin and gina thread they way through street teeming with african and middle eastern immigrant , music blast from storefront . ( continued ) 71 . continued : a electronics store . in the window a mute tv flicker with the news : a report on the hospital murder . Martin 's image . gina glance around ... a cop up the street . gina we have to go . we have to do what jurgen say , stay out of -- she start to pull he away , but he 's not move . he 's stare at the pre-paid cell phone on display . martin jurgen may have nothing . ( beat , to she ) I need you help . int . eisnenhower suite , HOTEL imperial - day Liz sit in front of the bedroom vanity in she bra and skirt , put on makeup . the room 's shower be on . close as she apply mascara . the camera search she face , she small gesture , look for clue ... shower stop . in deep focus behind she , Martin B come out of the bathroom , nude . he pick a robe up off the bed , pull it on as he approach she , place he hand on she shoulder . they stare at each other in the vanity mirror ... ring ! ring ! Martin B pick up the phone . martin B Dr. Harris speak . female voice ( o.s. ) ( german accent ) yes , hello , Dr. Harris . this be else adlam from Dr. bressler 's office . Dr. bressler be wonder if you might be able to meet with he today ... ext . tiergarten park - day gina , dress in the modish cap and shade , on a new pre-paid cell phone : gina ( into phone ) . no , I do not know , but he stress it be important . eleven o'clock , if that 's all right ? weinhaus huth on tiergarten ... yes . ( continued ) 72 . continued : she close the phone . across from she , Martin , a cap pull low over he feature . he open another phone , dial ... martin yes , hello , this be Dr. Harris . I have a message for Dr. bressler ... int . library build , freie universitat berlin - same jurgen hand over a library card . a librarian find he request slip , slide two document across the counter . one a print monograph ; the other a photocopy in brad . a while later -- jurgen at a desk he finish read the print monograph . close it . look down at the cover ... " the role of gorytini and thynnidae in drakea pollination " by Martin Harris , phd . he slide the bound photocopy next to it . " the process of drakea pollination " by laurence darnell , University of Wisconsin . a long beat . the two title side - by-side . sudden think ... jurgen take something out of he pocket ; the card that be inside Martin 's ' horticus ' . the scribble schedule notation on one side ... turn it over : the bowl alley 's uncle Sam logo . jurgen hold closer , study it . his mind click ... . print german text . a number : 21 . and right at the bottom , a small time - clock stamp ... ext . tiergarten park -- day Martin and gina stand amidst a flow of tourist and local , near the entrance to Berlin 's equivalent of Central Park and its zoo . across , the weinhaus Restaurant be a fin-de-siecle style brasserie border the avenue . gina why here ? martin . the zoo . she love polar bear . I never know exactly why . gina nod , look over to the restaurant . look back at Martin who have not move . she check she watch . gina okay , go . you be go to be late for you date . ( continued ) 73. continued : Martin nod , head into the park . Long , curving path border by green . a labyrinth . at the park' entrance gina watch , sunglass on , as a taxi pull up and a wiry haire man step out , pay the driver . lap - top bag over he shoulder . bressler . few moment later another taxi arrive , Liz and Martin B get out . martin this should not take long . I just need to see what bressler want . Liz 's gaze settles on the paint sign for the zoo . liz take you time , I want to see the zoo anyway . on liz . memory , or nostalgia , touch she cool face . liz ( cont 'd ) I love the polar bear ... Martin B nod , watch she go . he check he watch and head inside . opposite sidewalk -- among the shopper gina , do she best to casually window - shop at a designer storefront . stolen glance across the street ... int . weinhaus huth restaurant - same the waiter offer to take bressler 's lap - top bag . bressler politely decline he ... the waiter nod , leave . bressler open the computer bag , check on the lap - top inside . Zip it back up . position the bag by he elbow . smile to Martin B. bressler I think we might have a table for three , in case you still have you alter ego with you . martin B no , thank God . I assume he 's safely back in the hospital . ( continued ) 74 . continued : bressler well , it 's a lesson . you never know what people will do . all my work use to be on-line , my e- mail on a open server . a year ago , someone break into my office and steal my computer . I believe they be after my research . luckily , I split my data up and double encrypt it until I put it all together and make it public . that 's why this stay with I until tonight 's over ... Martin B nod , start to look at he menu ... bressler ( cont 'd ) now what be so important that it could not wait until this evening ? on martin B , realizing he 's be play . a single blink . a beat . when he look up , he 's cool . martin B I hope you can forgive I . it be something you say ... ( beat ) . it 's be torment I . under the table . Martin B have he phone out and be texting , blind ... ext . tiergarten park - continuous smith sit on a bench near a pond , toss bread crumb to duck . his phone chirp , he check it and be moving ... ext . tiergarten strasse - same gina duck into a store doorway . take out she cell phone ... ext . tiergarten park - same . the other cell phone in martin be hand . he answer it ... gina ( o.s. ) they just sit down . Martin 's gaze do not waiver . up ahead of he , glimpse through the crowd ... Liz . he follow , watch , transfix . 75 . int . ' uncle SAM ' bowling alley , berlin - same clatter of fall pin ... ' uncle Sam ' logo . juke box elvis serenade desultory daytime bowler . jurgen hand the ticket from Martin 's book to a bored attendant . she go away ... return a moment later with a purple bowl tote bag . plonk it on the counter . rip off a ticket counterfoil - ' 21 ' . check the time-stamp ... attendant ( german : subtitled ) August . Three month . that will be twenty - five euros . a beat . jurgen pay she , pick up the bag ... ext . entrance to tiergarten zoo - day Parents buy ticket ... excited kid push through the turnstile under the gild elephant of the entrance . Liz busy a ticket . pass beneath the elephant gate . Martin start to move forward ... then double back as Smith arrive , hurry , again check he phone . he push to the front of the line , pay he way in , eye search . Martin move out behind he , hat pull low . int . designer store / tiergarten strasse - same watchful staff ; soothing music . gina at a rack of dress , anxiously look out of the window , stare at Martin B and bressler in the restaurant , a silent heat exchange ... int . weinhause restaurant - same bressler in high form , reacting -- bressler no! God no ! you be focus on the science , but this ... ( patting he laptop ) .this be history . you open the research before it 's finish , the conglomerate gobble it up . in the entire history of human development , name I one time when business have ever act except in its own self - interest . ( continued ) 76 . continued : Martin B catch a waiter 's eye , signal for the check . bressler catch this , look to Martin B , question . martin B I be sorry , it 's my fault . another appointment I forget . bressler it do not matter . ( jump back in ) but see you , you say I be too cautious . it 's a idiot thing to say . I be a realist ! ext . tiergarten zoo - same Liz wander past some flamingos , check a sign , head in another direction . behind she , Martin keep he distance , keep he eye on Smith who 's shadow Liz , one path over ... int . weinhause restaurant - same Martin B stand . bressler , collect he bag and scarf ... martin B I be sorry if I offended you , Dr. bressler . I just -- bressler do not be stupid . you can not offend I . we be colleague , this be good discussion . but please , Dr. Harris -- power be a animal , all to itself . it adapt , mutate to whatever form will best preserve it . it 's always closer than we know . on martin B , extend a hand ... martin B . perhaps you be right . ext . tiergarten STREET --- same gina , crossing the street , search the restaurant window , the table empty , busboy gather up plate . p.o.v. urgently search . find ... . bressler outside the restaurant get into a taxi . he 's alone . no sign of Martin B. pull out she phone ... 77 . ext . tiergarten zoo - same Liz , follow the wind path lower as it descend . the sound of a cell - phone ring . Liz glance back ... . Martin , press out of sight against a wall . he silences he phone , tuck it away . ext . tiergarten park - same Martin B stride through the park toward the zoo ... gina way behind , try to catch up . dial again , Martin 's phone go straight to voicemail . ext . tiergarten zoo - same p.o.v . -- liz pause at a glass wall -- getting closer her slim shoulder ; she hair tuck into a scarf against the rain , silhouett in front of a underwater view . the giant polar bear swim , inch in front of she . liz' face . her eye , soft . a smile ... which fade as she sense a presence . turns. face we . martin stand across from she in this protect space . a strange numbness . do not know where to start ... martin . liz. just that syllable . she stare back , feature tense . liz what be you do here ? martin Liz . what 's happen ? liz you be crazy -- you have to leave I alone . martin why --?: I have to know why , Liz . be they make you do this ? be they threaten you ? liz . how do you find I -- ( continued ) 78 . continued : martin the zoo . the polar bear . ( beat ) you see ? I know you , Liz . you know I ... Liz 's eye fix on he . she search he face . a long beat . her facade seem suddenly to crumble ... liz I can not ... martin you can not what ? liz . can not get out . can not leave . they will kill I . ext . zoo path - same Smith 's path have veer he away from Liz 's . frustrate , he 's a little lose . his eye play over the entrance to the lower area , other woman , also with umbrella ... ext . zoo entrance - same Martin B wait in the ticket line at the gate ... gina approach , breathless . see Martin B. hang back from the ticket line . spot a large party of school kid . gina step past the line , confidently join the group ... just another parent . swept through the turnstile . behind she , Martin B step up to the ticket window . back with martin and liz martin ( cont 'd what be they make you do ? be it about fahad ? liz I ... I can not answer that . martin come with I , right now . we can run -- liz no ! they will kill we both ! martin who be they ? she shake she head , torment . ( continued ) 79 . continued : liz please . not now . not until we be safe . then I will explain everything , I promise . all I want be for we to get out alive . you have to believe I ... urgent look around . her eye lock on he . liz ( cont 'd ) you case . martin my case ...? she close on he . a wave of emotion as she 's almost in he arm , she hand on he face , search he eye . liz you briefcase . it get leave behind . at the airport . that 's why you be go back there . you need to find it ... ( close ) in a hour , there 's a chance for I to get away . meet I at the airport at three o'clock . we can run together ... Martin 's eye . mind racing . eye suddenly catch gina , walk right by . moment 's urgent eye contact . the signal . Martin B 's here . he 's on he way ... what can he do ? he know he can not stay . suddenly , Liz move she face to he . kiss he on the lip . whisper ... liz ( cont 'd ) I love you . a beat . Martin step back slowly . they eye hold . then he turn , walk quickly away ... gina behind the glass of the penguin exhibit . she see the kiss . martin cut up a small path rise up from the polar bear area . at the top he turn , hide himself , look back . martin be p.o.v . -- below Smith and Martin B converge from opposite direction on Liz , speak at she , close , heat . Smith pop open he phone . Martin B glare at Liz , almost push she back against the glass . she glare back up at he . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) martin . nothing he can do now . he turn away , move to the top of the path where gina wait for he . they walk in silence ... gina she 's pretty ... Martin do not acknowledge . each face a mix of emotion . ext . marzahn district , east berlin - day a light rain . jurgen cross the street to he building , carry the bowl bag . int . jurgen' apartment - same the phone on he desk start ringing . no one to pick up . ext . tiergarten strasse - day Martin and gina hurry across the street . cellphone to Martin 's ear . listen to it ring ... int . apartment block - same jurgen lumber asthmatically up the stair . get to the fourth floor . sound of the phone ringing above . trudges up the last flight ... . phone stop ringing just as jurgen reach the top . he stop , wheeze . a envelope propped against the door . he pick it up . thumb it open . take out : detail shot -- two print -out scan ... from the security camera at airport Immigration . a couple at a desk . Liz and Martin . unmistakably Martin . jurgen hear the phone start ringing again inside he apartment . fumble in he pocket for the key . int . jurgen' apartment - continuous jurgen grab the phone . puff : jurgen ja ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : voice ( o.s. ) ( through phone ) be that Ernst jurgen ? jurgen yes , it be . voice ( o.s. ) my name 's rodney Cole . you leave a message on my phone . there be two from Martin as well . what kind of trouble be he in ? int . lehrter bahnhof train station , berlin day train rumble and whoosh . boom announcement . hurried commuter push past ... . rodney cole -- he 's the academic colleague we have see in Martin 's memory flash -- a avuncular man about ten year Martin 's senior . talk on a cell phone : cole oh my God ... that 's unbelievable , the poor man . well here 's the good news -- I have just arrive in Berlin ... yes , I have be teach in leipzig , at the hochschule fur technik . I come up for the last day to hear bressler 's speech ... ( listen ) I will come right over , it 's not far ... no , it 's no problem . int . jurgen' apartment - same jurgen ( into phone : ) I appreciate it , herr Cole ... put the phone down . a beat . another look at the airport scan of Martin . study they a moment . jurgen open the bowl bag , up - end it onto the table . bowl shoe , a shirt , a hand towel ... take a knife from the counter , jurgen cut around the bottom of the bag ... lift away a false floor . reaches inside . the content hide from we ... a shadow of tension cross he face . then a slow , enigmatic smile . ( continued ) 82. continued : a little later -- a kettle boiling ... . the mournful howl of its whistle . jurgen turn off the gas . spoon nescafe into a mug . open a closet , reach over a musty clutter of jar and box ... find a rusted sugar tin . Inside be a single ancient sachet of sweetener . a beat , pensive . he tear it open , add it to the nescafe . he look up . listen for ... anticipate ... . the lively knock at he door . the hallway jurgen open the door ... it 's rodney cole , grin ... shaking rain from he coat . cole herr jurgen ? jurgen Dr. Cole ... please , come on in . jurgen usher he in . lead they into the live room . jurgen ( cont 'd ) drink ? I have a bottle label ' brandy ' , which be more than likely hair lacquer ... or some vodka my neighbor give I after it make she husband go blind . cole ( laughing ) no , thank you ... jurgen maybe some coffee ? I be make some for myself . cole I be good . thanks . Cole look around the tiny apartment . see the frame photo on the mantel . look closer . cole ( cont 'd ) you be in the military ? jurgen the stasi . in East Germany . ( continued ) 83. continued : cole wow , wait till I tell my son . he love all that cold War stuff . look at that car . what be that ? jurgen a ' Zil ' . suspension of a donkey cart and smelt like a tannery . vanish as quickly as the Wall . Cole study the other picture . notice Martin 's rolex beside they . jurgen pour the kettle into he mug . cole so . this business with Martin . a hell of a thing . how do he find you ? jurgen quite by chance , as it happen . cole sound like he be damn lucky . so , what can I do to help ? jurgen come with we to the authority . help they confirm he identity . cole the authority ? Jesus , it 's that bad ? a guy come to you with a story like that . what make you take the case ? jurgen curiosity ... cole curiosity ? be that all ? jurgen professional curiosity . there 's not much in this world leave to interest a old spy like I ... Cole 's face tighten ... he back still toward jurgen . jurgen ( cont 'd ) . a few question I still think over . one in particular . from when I work for the aufklarung : we foreign intelligence wing . Cole still have not move . discreetly slip open a button on he jacket . jurgen cradle he coffee , steam rise . ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) jurgen ( cont 'd ) there be this rumor . of a US base assassination unit call section 15 . freelance , deniable . they would work for whoever would pay -- public sector , private sector . second- to-none in they plan and efficiency . they never fail . what 's more , they be invisible . they would strike , and nobody would even know there have be foul play . it be only rumor , of course ... Cole turn to face jurgen . smile go . glint of a gun inside he packet . jurgen look steadily back at he . take a deep gulp of coffee . cole you have fifteen minute after I call . why do not you run ? jurgen where would I run from section 15 , Mr. Cole ? I can hardly walk . the edge of a smile , another large gulp of the coffee . jurgen set down the cup . he wheeze ... jurgen ( cont 'd ) before I could get chesterfield , I smoke sixty machorka a day . filthy Soviet thing . kill more Russians than stalin . my doctor assure I I will soon be join they list of casualty . Cole look back at he , impassive . cole I want to know how he find you . I want every number , every source you have contact on he behalf . jurgen and then what ? we shake hand and you go away ? Cole reach a hand inside he jacket ... jurgen ( cont 'd ) there 's no need for that . beat . Cole 's eye flicker . jurgen 's body tightening ... the coffee ... the empty sachet of sweetener ... ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 3 ) Cole look at jurgen . a moment 's glimmer of respect . he do not move . his gaze linger . understand . jurgen ( cont 'd ) you never think ... you will have the courage to use it . cole but we do . the best of we . jurgen cough again . suddenly sway . put a hand out to steady himself . knock over the mug of coffee ... as the cyanide sweep through he . tremble hand clasp the edge of table . Building force . shake . his pierce eye never leave Cole ... through the pain : jurgen tell I ... if he remember everything . what then ...? no answer . jurgen 's hand slip . he slump forward , he head hammer down onto the table . a final convulsion . then he 's still . a long beat . Cole button he jacket . slip on some glove . gently lift jurgen 's head from the table top , rest it on a forearm , as though jurgen be asleep rather than dead . restoring some dignity to he . Cole go to the mantel , wipe off the one frame photo he pick up . take Martin 's rolex , drop it into he pocket . he turn , casting a expert eye over the apartment ... the leg of the stove ... ever so slightly askew ... the phone ring ... ring ... Cole ignore it , move forward . i./e. " jet express " bus / autobahn - late afternoon Martin hit re-dial on he cell . listen , frustrated . the phone ringing and ringing . he flip it shut . gina 's eye meet he . a long beat . she look back out the window . sleeting rain streak the glass . Endless grey city -scape . he track a clock : 1:40 . look back at gina who sense he gaze , keep hers straight out . int . jurgen apartment - late afternoon cole -- the stove pulled away from the wall he find a section of loose kick - board . carefully pries it away . reaches into the hole : the photograph of Martin and Liz , arrive . and jurgen 's notebook . ( continued ) 86 . continued : he turn up the gas , feed the photograph to the flame . as he watch it burn , he leaf carefully through the notebook . i/e arrival terminal , tegel airport - late afternoon Cathedral - like , overcrowded . inaudible pas . cart load with luggage . watchful police and security . Martin and gina , head down under cap , navigate a surge of passenger rush out of the door , clutching bag , compete for taxi in the pour rain ... Martin stop . deja - vu overload . his fracture memory . past and present merge . the face . the sound ... a airport security man glance over , concerned . gina track the attention , move into Martin , fake -romantic , she face close to he ... gina ( o.c.} Martin . c'mon ... gina touch he face . bring he back . he glance to a clock on the wall : 2:10 ... int . lost and found tegel airport - continuous Martin and gina wait at a counter . clock read 2:25 . a woman return with a leather briefcase . a name tag on the handle . ' Dr. m.a. Harris ' . Martin stare at it ... reach for memory . the woman check she computer . woman May I see some identification ? she look up . Martin 's expression distant ... gina he do not have any . he be in a accident , that 's why the bag be unclaim ... martin the combination . for the lock . it 's 2 ... 8 ... 0 ... 6 ... a beat . the woman and gina both look at Martin . the woman enter the number . the lock pop open . she lift the lid , pick something up . a pause ... then she expression soften . she turn it toward Martin ... the briefcase fill with personal effect . sitting on top a US passport . a long beat . Martin 's hand unsteady as he open it ... ( continued ) 87 . continued : his photo . and he name ... Doctor Martin Harris . int . airport cafe -- late afternoon noisy and busy . gina uneasy ... watch Martin as he carefully examine each item in the case . everything familiar , yet strange . his , but somehow not he . a copy of ' Scientific american ' magazine , a comb , some gum , a Newark Airport parking ticket . his publish paper -- the same edition jurgen find at the library . he leather wallet . Martin study it . identical to the one Martin B have . open it ... close -- the wallet New Hampshire Driver 's license . credit card . Martin fumble inside a pocket , pull out ... . the exact same photo we see in bressler 's lab of a young Liz with a young Martin B in Paris . except this time it 's a young Martin beside Liz - in the photo . martin gaze at it . he run he finger over its dock - ear corner , every bump and crease . look up to find gina watch he . a long , awkward pause . she reach over . take the photo from he . Studies it . gina can you remember now ... how you feel ? Martin 's silence hang in the noise and activity around they . gina hand back the photo . he stare down at Liz again as gina stand , start to collect she thing ... gina ( cont 'd ) we should not stay here , it 's not safe for you ... her voice trail off as she look at Martin , really see he in this moment . he look up at she , tear , back down at the picture , the relic of he life , he memory , spread out in front of he . he glance at the clock : 2:55 ... gina track he gaze ... get it , take a step back ... gina ( cont 'd ) oh , God . I be a idiot . she 's meeting you here . Martin meet she gaze , open book . ( continued ) continued : martin . yes . I be sorry . yes . she 's my wife . she 's in danger . I have to -- gina ( nodd , auto-pilot ) that 's good . I be happy for you . I have to go . martin no , wait . I mean what I say . we can take care of you . I can get you money , arrange -- gina ( fierce ) stop . be quiet . you have get what you want . you do not need I anymore and in case " we have " forget , I take care of myself very well . she start for the door . Martin get up ... martin gina stop , turn . a beat . sadness , anger . gina one kiss and suddenly ... everything that 's happen ? to biko ? to we ? -- I know , she 's you wife . like I say , I be a idiot . ( beat ) Goodbye , Martin . she turn away again . Martin , freeze , watch she go . ext . arrival terminal - same gina keep walk . pour rain ... roar of traffic . no look back . she join the line wait for taxi . int . airport cafe - same Martin still sit there . the photo of he and Liz in Paris . sudden decision , snap the briefcase shut ... 89 . ext . airport taxi rank - same gina almost at the head of the taxi line . a glance back . people ... vehicle ... no sign of Martin . ext . arrival terminal - same Martin out of the door . eye frantically search for gina . in the distance ... he see she ... ext . taxi rank , tegel airport - same gina at the front of the line . a taxi pull up . she steal a last look back at the terminal ... taxi driver ( o.s. ) ( german : subtitled ) hey , lady . you ready ...? gina 's face suddenly lighting up ... she can see Martin ! spin back to the taxi driver ... gina wait . there 's another passenger . ext . arrival terminal - same Martin weaving quickly through the crowd toward she ... bump past a man who look back , he face lighting up ... man Martin . Martin ...? Martin hesitates , turn . see ... rodney cole . beam smile . Martin stare at he , bewilder . cole Jesus , Martin , how be you do ? martin rodney ? what be you do here ? cole you call I , remember ? you leave a message on my machine . martin yeah ... but how do you know --? ( continued ) 90 . continued : Cole suddenly right up close . press a roll newspaper into Martin 's side . cold steel of a conceal qun. cole stay one step ahead of I . any move , I will shatter you spine . his voice flat with menace . Martin 's mouth open ... martin what be -- ? cole -- go ... Martin glance round . Cole jerk he back , guide he toward the passenger pick - up zone . ext . taxi rank . tegel airport -- same gina look back around . bemuse . Martin vanish again in the crowd . then a sudden stab of alarm ... gina's p.o.v . -- martin ... moving fast a man she do not know carry he case ... head toward a park commercial van . Driver wait for they . she recognize he ... smith . Martin hustle into the back ... Van door shut . engine start . a voice snap we ... . back to scene -- the taxi driver ... stand in front of gina -- lose patience . taxi driver ( german : subtitled ) miss . I be not get all day . mind racing . beat . point to a suitcase a few yard away . gina help I with my bag , please . the driver go to fetch the case . be stop by its owner . raise voice . moment 's confusion . then ... . the squeal of tire . the taxi driver spin around to see gina go and he own taxi pull away . he yell after she , furious . but she 's off in traffic ... I /e. van / berlin CITY motorway - dusk Smith drive . deadly silence . Martin motionless . Cole opposite he with the gun , impassive . ( continued ) 91 . continued : Interior go dim as Smith take a hard right , into a abandoned parking structure , take a ramp , spiraling up . martin' eye dart between Cole and Smith . heart racing . struggle to make sense of thing . Cole study he in quiet amazement . shake he head . think out loud ... cole my God ... she 's right . you be completely go . you really think you be Martin Harris . martin what the hell Rod ! you be my oldest friend ! you know who I be . it 's I ... it 's not that other guy . he 's not -- cole -- Martin Harris ? you be right . he 's not . he 's the guy who take over for you after you go miss . exasperate , Cole lean forward . spell it out . cole ( cont 'd ? but you be not Martin Harris either . there be no Martin Harris . Martin stare at he . blank . confused . scare . cole ( cont 'd ) Martin Harris do not exist . you invent he . he 's you legend . a fiction you create . you make he up as a cover to get bressler to invite you to the conference ... martin no ... that 's insane . Liz , she ---- cole ' Liz ' ...? you " wife " ? how do you think she feel about all this ? you two be a good team , then you go and get norman fuck rockwell on she . martin that 's not ... she ... ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 2 ) cole -- they be not real memory . do not you get it ? Martin Harris be a fabrication ... but you have one and fill in the cap , invent a whole damn life for he . they could write a textbook about you ! Jesus --! Martin 's face . spin . refuse to believe . the Van screech to a stop , Smith get out pop the door . the distant sound of the city traffic , a light wind , whistling . int . taxi cab - same gina , drive through traffic , search , no sign of the van ... then she gaze locking across the river , four storey up on a parking garage : the white van . she haul the wheel over , taxi slide through a u-turn . ext . top story parking garage - same Martin be toss out onto the asphalt . pick himself up , try to orient ... the structure abandon , break . no side rail , just pavement to the edge . trash and graffiti everywhere . desolate . Cole approach , lose it now . boil with rage : cole all that study ... plan . Hell , you even have we take out that kid after we rip off he thesis . a year of prep and you try to screw it up ... . we do everything to bring you back in , but you go on try to screw it up . do you know how much time you have waste ? it 's Thanksgiving for Christ 's sake ! I should be eat turkey with my kid , not here clean up after some wacko who bump he head and decide he cover story 's for real . Martin 's eye ... stare back at he . crumble ... martin but ... I ... who be I ...? a pause . Cole shake he head , pat he on the cheek . ( continued ) 93. continued : cole you . you be my best boy . . suddenly Cole slam a fist into Martin 's stomach . Martin double over . Cole whip the gun across he face . kick he again . Martin on he hand and knee , spit blood . Cole glaring down at he . disgust . Smith cover Martin as Cole move into the van , empty out a junkie 's work : dropper with needle , bottle top , cotton ball , lighter . expertly cook up a fix of brown heroin . draw it into the syringe , glance back : cole ( cont 'd ) look at you now . nobody . a no - one . just another dead junkie ... streak of concern as the sound of tire screeching reach they . Cole look up in time to see gina 's taxi , round the ramp , accelerate towards they ! Smith step forward , gun raise , fire ! int . taxi cab - same gina duck as bullet pierce the front windscreen . the image of Smith , fire , grow large ... bam ! -- impact ! ext . top story , parking garage - same taxi catch Smith , carry into the van , crush he as the two vehicle slide towards the edge ... Cole be hurled across the van like a rag-doll , he leg be crush between buckle row of seat as ... . the van slide with the taxi' impact ... front wheel push off the garage edge ... teeter , see-saw . gina scramble from the wreck taxi . run toward Martin , lie on the ground . pull Martin away , arm around he ... martin wait ! wait ! Martin break free , walk unsteady to the rear of the van , lock eye with Cole , trap , claw towards the back ... Martin put a hand out ... and take he briefcase . martin ( cont 'd ) be it true ...? ( continued ) 94 . continued : cole caught , the van teeter ... sneer at Martin , start to speak .. eye go wide as ... the van ... tip ... falling off the edge , Smith 's body go with it ... disappear . a moment of calm silence and then crunch ! a dull sick crash as the Van hit below . martin stare down at the wreck . mind spin ... gina come up , touch he shoulder . gina Martin ... he turn , move . she chase after he ... ext . grunerstrasse - continuous pour rain . vehicle hiss over the bridge . gina catch up to Martin . her voice strain above the traffic : gina ( cont 'd ) Martin ! stop ! Martin , what 's wrong ... ? Martin ! martin . jurgen ... we be go to meet ... I have to see he . gina we have get to go ... leave Berlin . we have get to get out of here ...! martin I have to ! Martin 's face . blood streaking in the rain . absolute . a long beat . gina take a deep breath . int . cafe adler - afternoon a cafe look onto the kochstrasse , checkpoint Charlie . rain mist the window . mostly empty ... two figure , sit in the shadow . Martin and gina . he stare down , lose , shiver -- not from the cold . gina Martin ...? ( continued ) 95 . continued : he glance up , lose , look away . gina take he hand in hers , press it to she lip . hold it . place it against the skin of she neck and collar bone . stare at he . he look up ... the intimacy . from far away : martin he tell I I be one of they ... the thing he say ... the thing he say I have do ... ( beat , anguish ) how can I be that person ? gina listen to I . you be not . you be not ... Martin , look up at she , lose . his eye back to the clock on the wall : 6.15 ... Martin close he eye . gina reach out . quiet . Gentle : gina ( cont 'd ) Martin . he 's not come . a long beat . he nod , heavy -heart . she 's right . as they stand to go ... door jingles ... p.q.v . -- in the doorway a figure peer around anxiously .. frau brunner -- jurgen 's neighbor , breathless determination as she hurry over . the bowl tote b in she hand . she thrust it at Martin , talk rapidly and urgently in german . gina translate ... gina ( cont 'd ) she 's sorry she 's late . she say jurgen give it to she . he say that you would know ... that Martin Harris would know what to do ... slowly , almost daze , Martin take the bag . frau brunner look at he intently , still talk ... gina ( cont 'd ) herr jurgen tell she to wish you good luck ... that it be a pleasure know Dr. Harris . Martin look at she , nod slowly . a beat . finally ... martin thank you . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) frau brunner nod . a pause . then she turn , bustles away out the door , into the rain . Martin look at gina . in the half light of the cafe window , he unzip the bag ... martin be p.o.v . -- inside the bag ... shoe ... towel ... shirt ... dig down , push they aside . the floor of the bag neatly cut out . revealing ... a hide compartment . thick roll of bill ... euros , US dollar , swiss francs ... and two passport ... canadian . he take one out , flip it open . a entry stamp : ' Berlin ... August 28th . ' find the photo page ... it 's he . Martin ! but fair-haire , and in horn-rimmed glass . the name ... ' Tim carmichael ' ... a canadian citizen . the second passport ... ' rachael carmichael ' . it 's Liz ... with short , dark hair . the Liz from he recur memory . martin ( cont 'd ) no ... no ... sudden p.o.v. memory flash -- hitting hard , clear ... Liz towel short dark hair . door of a hotel bathroom . Liz turn ... smile . embroider on the towel ... the ' h ... I ... ' now visible in detail : ' Hotel Imperial ' ... back to scene -- martin rise fast his chair fall . gina move to help , he push she away . martin ( cont 'd ) no ! leave I alone . he stumble away , push towards the bathroom . int . cafe bathroom - same Martin lurch in , lock it , go to the small sink , stare at himself in the mirror . martin no ... sudden p.o.v. memory flash -- pushing OPEN ... the door to the eisenhower suite bedroom ... move through the suite ... towards the bathroom ... ( continued ) 97 . continued : smash CUT -- back to martin he put hand out against the memory , cover he reflection . his eye stare back at he all the same ... sudden super -intense memory flash ... clearest yet ... . Liz towell short , dark hair . she smile up . lip move ... liz be you ready ...? .and martin enter the frame , hair cut and color differently . there 's drywall dust on he hand and clothing . as he lean to kiss she , we continue ... . into the bathroom ... to a wall beside the shower ... panel cut away , expose plumbing . something integrate into the wall behind the pipe . moving closer ... semtex plastigue ... circuit and wire ... dii video timer connect to a high - tech detonator ... smash CUT -- back to martin shake he head , know . tear streak , he wipe they away , hard . his finger find he shirt pull it open ... .stare at he own body in the mirror . finger trace a scar across he chest , a heal knife wound . Three small raise bump on he torso : heal bullet wound . he blink . his breath flow out of he . surrender . int . cafe adler - moment later gina , uncertain , with the passport ... look at the small photograph of ' Tim carmichael ' ... notice Martin 's paper in the case , the one he be read on the airplane . page splay ... underline . cautious ... she remove the document . open to the end . paragraph , underline . a biography of sort ... her p.o.v . -- glimpse of line : " Martin Harris , principle biography ... marry to Elizabeth terman , August 12 , 2002 . martha 's vineyard ... Father die , Sept 9 , 1987 of a heart attack ... encourage scientific study from a early age ... Elizabeth ... love davinci ... " martin ( o.s. ) I make he up ... I make he up to kill a man I have never meet . ( continued ) 98 . continued : gina start , put the paper down . Martin be at the table , look down at she . his emotion sick , he gaze rotten . gina the entry stamp in you passport . you be in Berlin three month ago ... Martin , like a statue . Voice , dead . martin Prince fahad be go to be assassinate today . there 's a bomb in the suite . I put it there . a long beat . gina 's eye meet he , brief , scared . sudden shift . Martin stuff the cash back in the bag . grab she by the arm , propel they both outside ... ext . kochstrasse - same Martin push they into the alley next to cafe , jam the bag into she arm . martin take this ... get out of Berlin . gina shaking she head . martin ( cont 'd ) take it and go ! get as far away from I as you can . gina I be not leave you ! listen to I : maybe you be not the man who go into the water . but you be the man I pull out ... Martin , stare into he reflection on the wet street ... gina ( cont 'd ) Martin , there 's no way you can show you face at the hotel . everyone be look for you . I can -- wham ! martin lurch up at gina ! he slam she back against the brick wall , he hand around she neck , cut off she air , literally lift she foot off the ground . martin ( the monster ) look at I . look at I ... ( continued ) continued : gina sputter , try to draw air . her eye lock on he . martin ( cont 'd ) . be this what you want ? be this the person you still want to help . ( squeezing tighter ) you should have let I drow ... she sputter , eye start to roll back in she head , lose consciousness . Martin release and she drop in the dirt water of the alley , hand and knee , gasping for breath . Martin stare down at she . he pick up the bag , drop it in front of she face ... martin ( cont 'd ) pure instinct and adrenaline . gina grab the bag , stumble across the street , horn blare as car swerve to avoid she ... and she 's go . ext . berlin street - late afternoon Martin walk ... numb . he wait at street corner , cross with light , move through the city ... ext . marshall bridge - sunset Martin stand at the break railing where gina 's taxi plunge into the water seven day ago . the tire mark be there . the railing be half - repair , half tape off . he stare down into the oily black water , toe near the edge ... weight shifting ... then he knee give . he sit hard , he hand move uselessly , almost on they own . tear flow freely . sob rack he body . pulling way back -- across the STREET . to where gina stand , hide in shadow . she 's follow he here . now freeze , watch he suffer . e/i. HOTEL imperial &amp ; conference CENTER - night lit up for the big night . taxis and limo pull in . in the lobby , beautiful people mingle with the celebrity of science . herr strauss scan the crowd , watchful . int . security control room - same two attentive security guard scan monitor , roll through different view of the hotel . on monitor : crowd pass through security on they way into the conference room . outside , a line of mercede pull up . fahad enter the building , surround by he entourage of security and beautiful woman . e/i. service entrance , HOTEL imperial - same the same entrance Martin be lead by before . two bellhops , wear only t-shirt , enjoy smoke in the crisp night air . one toss the butt , reach for he jacket ... it 's go . passing inside Martin , buttone the last button of the jacket , move into the hotel . no longer lose . here to make amend . int . 14 th floor hallway , HOTEL imperial - same prince fahad , flanke by he entourage , arrive at the door to the eisenhower suite . hum of a party from within . Security knock . beat ... Liz open the door . radiant . liz you highness ... we be honore you could attend this evening . fahad ( kissing she hand ) the honor be all mine . Liz beam , gesture he into the room fill with a dozen or so notable guest . Martin B engross in a conversation ... bressler ( o.s. ) look , I probably have it somewhere ... perhaps my wife -- bressler , hold at the door by fahad 's security , search he pocket for a invitation . bressler ( cont 'd ) I be late . very un - german of I . farad ( to he security ) I do not think the professor need a invitation . he be , after all , the reason we be all here . ( continued ) 101 . continued : bressler step in , take Liz 's outstretch hand . he look she up and down . matter-of-fact . bressler now I can see why somebody would pretend to be Martin . Liz laugh , she face lighting up ... then chillincj as bressler 's two daughter appear behind he , smile shy . liz . I do not realize the girl be come this evening . fahad but of course . lily and Laurel be the real reason any of we put up with Leo at all . fahad bend down and the girl run to he , a familiar face . fahad hoist one up , take the other by the hand . on liz . hard beat . look to Martin B who stare back , cool . Liz nod , accept the casualty . she take bressler 's coat , reach for he computer bag . liz let I take this ... bressler hesitates a moment , then let go ... bressler separation anxiety . just leave it there , if you could . he gesture to a sideboard in open sight . liz of course ... liz -- with he bag she turn , hang up he coat . as she do so ... she finger slip inside the laptop bag . slide a tiny bluetooth connection card into the computer 's bus port . Liz turn away . smile go . move down the hall towards ... bathroom same p.o.v. we have see in Martin 's flash . smash CUT ... inside the bathroom wall the bomb . semtex ... circuit board ... a timer vampe from a digital video recorder . a sleep monster . 102 . int . security control room - same the Security Guard on the monitor squint , watch a " bellhop " move down a hall . something about the way he move ... zooming in on he . security guard ( german , subtitle : ) where be herr strauss ...? int . eisenhower suite bedroom - same Liz close and lock the door . sit at the desk at another laptop , firewire plugge into a linksys antenna . close -- the computer Liz 's finger tap the keyboard . the ' desk - top ' divide in two ... file headline in german ; bressler 's computer . ' password blank ' pop up . first encryption . Liz open a new copy of ' horticus ' to a mark page . find the word . type in : ' calochortus albus ' . another ' password blank ' flash up . second encryption . Liz type : ' umbellularia californica ' . screen blank , then refresh . padlock icon go ... Liz quickly drag they across to she desktop . spin egg-timer symbol . file transfer ... int . 14 th floor , HOTEL imperial - same Elevator door open , let out a few guest and Martin . a arrow indicate " eisenhower suite . " he start to move , clear a corner , up ahead the entrance to the suite ... oooff ! the wind take out of he as four burly men in suit scoop he by he arm ... int . eisenhower suite - bedroom - same egg-timer disappear ... ' file transfer complete ' . Liz shut the laptop . slip it in a case . she pick up the remote control for the suite 's plasma tv . select ' menu ' , thumb in a ten digit code . point the remote at the wall . tight pause ... press ' enter ' . inside the bathroom wall -- the digital tv timer suddenly come alive , 00:08:00 , 00:07:59 , 00:07:58 ... 103 . int . eisenhower suite - same bressler 's daughter , shyness go , play hide -- n-- seek amidst the grow up . bressler step away from fahad , head over to he computer . stop as Liz come out of the bedroom . bressler ( o.s. ) ah , Mrs. Harris ... liz check on you baby again ? bressler I can not help it . liz why do not you just wear it ? as a nerdy accessory ? here , turn around . Liz pick up the bag . adjust the strap ... slip out the bluetooth . place the bag over bressler 's shoulder . liz ( cont 'd ) there . perfect . timer counting down : 00:05.12. , 00:05:11 ... int . 14 th floor hallway , HOTEL imperial - night Elevator door open on a elegant couple who step forward revealing ... gina , at the back at the elevator . she 's transformed : a elegant designer dress , plunging neckline . as she move forward , tone leg flash from a high slit in the dress . she 's graceful , beautiful , head turn ... int . security control room - same Martin be push roughly into a chair face a displease herr strauss . a guard handcuffs he wrist to the chair . martin you be not listen ! there be a bomb , in the eisenhower suite . I put it there . strauss but be not that the suite ' you ' be stay in , ' Dr. Harris ' ...? or wait , you be not Dr. -- martin I have tell you ! there 's no time to explain this ... ( continued ) 104 . continued : strauss rise , start to turn away . Martin 's gaze land on one of the video monitor . eye lock : p.o.v . -- on the monitor : gina , beautiful , approach the eisenhower suite . martin ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly ) I can prove it . pull up you lobby recording from August 27 of this year . strauss , startle by the ferocity in Martin 's voice . martin ( cont 'd ) do it . now . do it or many people will die . I be not lie . a beat ... strauss nod to one of he technician who start to type into a console ... int . 14 th floor hallway , HOTEL imperial - night gina reach the door to the suite , stop by security . security guard invitation ? she meet the guard 's gaze with cool superiority . her eye flick to fahad across the room . gina be you serious ...? why do not you ask the Prince ? the guard hesitates , unsure ... it 's all she need . she move by he , into the room . int . eisnenhower suite - same gina quickly take in the suite . Far away , bressler and fahad , engross in conversation . one of bressler 's daughter , lily , peek out from under a table . at the bar , Martin B , drink in he hand , turn towards she ... she turn towards a picture window , watch the reflection ... martin B . make eye contact with Liz across the room , she head towards the back . he begin to follow ... hesitates ... he look back , to the picture window . empty now . 105 . int . security control room - night Martin , sweat , nervous , eye flick to the monitor as the technician bring up the reception video , start fast - forward through footage . image go by , almost too fast ... strauss . what exactly be you hope to find ? Martin ignore he , he eye tracking . int . eisenhower suite - continuous fahad finish a joke . laughter . Martin B still scan the room ... give up , turn to meet Liz already there with they computer case and a sportsbag . she hand he the sportsbag , they wordlessly leave through the rear door ... int . security control room - continuous unseen by anyone , a monitor show Liz and Martin B , enter a emergency stairwell , hurry . Martin 's eye scan ... martin there ! stop ! the technician freeze the image : a dapper couple , check in . he wear a sportsjacket , light -haire , horn -rimm glass . she 's get short dark hair . Martin point . strauss lean in , sense it . int . eisnenhower suite - continuous gina approach bressler and Prince fahad , intense , urgent . fahad 's security read she expression , grab she arm . gina ( calling out ) Sir ! you highness ! you be in danger here . there be a bomb in this room ! bressler and the Prince look over , confuse , interested ... . and fahad 's Security act . a gun line on gina , push she back . two man grab the Prince , push back other guest , hustle he toward the suite 's emergency exit , . ( continued ) 106 . continued : Champagne crystal , hor d'oeuvre and furniture flying . fahad in the middle , look back as he 's sweep out , captive to he own security ... int . security control room - night the image roll forward , slowly : the man at the counter kiss he wife 's hair , glance upwards ... it 's martin . martin ( quiet ) do you see ...? beat . beat . and then motion on the monitor : the Prince and he detail , rush down a corridor . strauss track ... strauss ( german , subtitle : ) sound a alarm . evacuate the hotel . ( to 2 of he man ) you and - you , you be with I . we will meet the Prince at the load dock . ( to a Guard ) you , take he downstairs . strauss and he man flood out . the guard pull key , start to uncuff Martin from he chair . int . emergency staircase - same Martin B and Liz stop in they track . Doors open above . sound of panicked guest pour onto the stair . . Liz 's face . Ice cold . Processing . decide . hand Martin B the computer , take the sportsbag from he . liz stop the timer . I will finish it . Martin B nod , take the stair back up two at a time , shoulder he way past the folk stream downward ... timer counting down : 00:2:05 . , 00:02:04 ... int . eisnenhower suite - continuous alarm blare ! light flash . guest press out . a german voice come over speaker , advise people to leave ... gina move towards the exit , turn to see bressler stand in the middle of the room , one daughter in he arm , frantically search for the second . ( continued ) 107 . continued : bressler lily ! lily ! gina Professor ! over here ! gina at the table she see lily at before , lift the tablecloth to find a frighten little girl stare back . gina ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , come on ... the girl , convinced , sweep into gina 's arm . she and bressler head for the door , each carry a child . int . mezzanine floor - same confusion , alarm . people double back down the stair . automate evacuation announcement ... int . security control room - same Guard begin to cuff one of Martin 's arm . Martin face the monitor , smile as he see fahad 's people meet up with strauss at the load dock , hustle fahad into a limousine ... another monitor : Martin B , rush back upstairs . Martin watch ... interested ... eye track ... narrow . another monitor : gina and bressler , run into a corridor with the two girl . Martin smile a little , relieved ... martin lily , Laurel ... the smile ... die . realization ... martin ( cont 'd ) bressler 's daughter ... lily . Laurel ... calochortus albus ... umbellularia californica ... Flowers ... password ... he scan the many monitor , lock onto : Liz , move down a corridor , purposeful . martin ( cont 'd ) fahad be never the target . it 's bressler ! you have to tell strauss ! they be after bressler ! ( continued ) 108 . continued : the guard shove he against the console , start to cuff he other arm . Martin lurch back , both of they tumble over . Martin scramble for the door ... int . HOTEL corridor - continuous Martin stumble out into a crush of panicked straggler , duck down , lose in the press . moment after , the guard appear at the door , speak into he radio ... int . eisenhower suite - continuous Martin B rush into the room . stops. like pompeii : a party abandon . Furniture upend . guest . all go . urgently search for the remote . down on he hand and knee . look at he watch . pale ... into the bathroom -- martin B . kick at the wall . no good . rip the heavy cistern lid off the top of the toilet . smashes it against the plaster . dent ... dust ... beginning to give ... int . lobby , HOTEL imperial - continuous gina and bressler come out onto the floor with the girl , head to the bottleneck at the exit ... beyond they liz , move purposefully towards the group , close , she hand in the unzip top of the sportsbag sling over she shoulder . glimpse of a oile - black uzi machine pistol . far across the lobby the other direction . Martin appear , handcuff dangle from one wrist . he scan frantic through the bottleneck crowd . sees gina and bressler ! Martin start forward , duck back as strauss re-enter , commanding he security . behind they Liz close , tracking , finger flick off uzi 's safety . martin gina1 gina ! martin be move , press through crowd . ( continued ) 109 . continued : gina hear he voice , can not find he through the crowd as next to she bressler comfort he daughter as behind they Liz move closer , closer ... . suddenly see Martin . a decision , sudden shift . Liz pass , brush gina lightly as she go . gina , register the touch , look up at the woman walk away from she now recognize Martin , press through the crowd towards she . gina 's face lighting up ! martin , push by a group of people , close towards gina and suddenly Liz be in he arm , grasp he , romantic ... liz ( loud ) oh thank God you be here ! Martin stare at she in horror as she beam up at he . one hand caress he cheek ... .her other hand press a knife against he chest . gina see Martin and Liz , embrace . confused . alarm . hurt . liz and martin Liz still hugging he tight , whisper hard , she free hand slide something metallic into he pocket . liz ( cont 'd ) hello , Martin . I just place a gun in you jacket pocket . one bullet . there 's really only one person , one right way to kill bressler now , be not there ? the crazy man whose be stalking he , the crazy man who pretend to be Martin Harris ... martin no ... liz oh , and after you have shot he , point the gun at the Police . martin I will not do it ... liz God you be weak . the ' Martin ' I know would not have be able to go on live like you be . ( continued ) 110 . continued : ( 2 ) her eye duck , purposeful , he track she gaze . see the uzi in the sportsbag ... liz ( cont 'd ) I will kill they all . bressler , the girl ... you new girlfriend , and whoever try to stop I . look at it this way : I be give you a chance to save most of they . you can be the hero ... a kiss , sexy . gina in the background , take a step back ... liz ( cont 'd ) ooops , bet you wish you could explain that . time 's up , Martin . go finish what you come to Berlin for in the first place . on Martin . caught . no play . he turn , walk ... int . bathroom , eisenhower suite - continuous Martin B have a small hole open up . he can see the digital timer . 00:00:14 , 00:00:13 ... jam he hand into the hole . try to force it past the narrow open . desperately feel for the control . int . lobby , HOTEL imperial - continuous Martin , on a suicide mission . walk in a daze towards gina , bressler beyond . his hand move into he pocket . gina , step forward ... gina Martin ...? Martin ? he stare at she . tear in he eye ... rear entrance to the lobby strauss re-enter , commanding he security . stop as he recognize Martin , mouth word to he man ... int . bathroom , eisenhower suite - continuous Martin B , force he arm further . finger reach the control ... search for the right one ... 00:00:04 . , 00:00:03 ... ( continued ) continued : .his finger flip a small switch . the timer ... stop . Martin B sigh , breathes hard . Holy shit that be close . int . lobby , HOTEL imperial - continuous Martin and gina , lock , stare . her face a million question ... no answer . Martin shake he head , turn away from she , towards bressler , he hand come out of he pocket with the gun ... in Martin 's face : horror , deadly conviction ... time slooows . sound amplifies ... strauss and he men . see the gun . shout ! weapon be draw ! gina also see the gun . a hand go out , a scream building ... martin bring the vun up , point at bressler 's head , perfect kill shot . no choice . finger on the trigger ... int . bathroom , eisenhower suite - continuous Martin B stand , dust off he coat , start to walk out of the bathroom ... " crunch " he step on something . a soft " beep . " he look down , react to : the remote control ... under he foot . vision rack to the bomb : 00:00:02 . , 00:00:01 ... martin B fuck ... kaboom !!! white out blast as the bomb detonate . Martin B atomize . sheet of flame burst through window . int . lobby , HOTEL imperial - continuous ka - boom ! the blast rock the room . people tumble , chandelier fall . ker -ash ! liz dive aside as a column slam down near she . sprinklers burst on . Water rain down . Main light black out ... beat , then emergency light come on . total chaos . find ... bressler , clutching he daughter as security reach they , surround they , search for sign of Martin ... ( continued ) 112 . continued : gina , daze , bleed , pick herself up . search the room for Martin ... go . int . kitchen . HOTEL imperial -_continuous food-laden serve cart , cook -top , pot and pan , knife . falling plaster and debris ... desert . Liz walk through , brisk , angry . dress tear , a cut across she forehead . she stop at a disposal chute , dispose of the sportsbag . reaches high under she dress , come out with a knife , start to toss it as well ... . she stop . look up , into the distort mirror of the stainless steel surface in front of she . liz . hello , Martin . revolving ... to find Martin there . bleed , hurt , cover be debris , but hold the gun on she in unsteady hand . liz ( cont 'd ) be careful , that might go off . she turn to face he . Hair slicked , clothes drench . stun despite everything liz ( cont 'd ) five year as a team ... and you end it like this . her hand almost casually move back , the knife still seat in she palm . Martin track it , steady the gun . martin do not . keep you hand where I can see they . please ... groaning from the hotel structure . plaster and cable fall , spark across the floor . Martin flinch , try to keep steady . Liz be steady , cool . laugh a little . liz you know , work with you ... it almost be not work . we be so good ... you , be so good . at the job . at other thing ... she smile a little , warming . liz ( cont 'd ) do not you want to know you real name ? ( continued ) 113. continued : martin let go of the knife , Liz . liz ' Liz ? '... do not you want to know y real name ? do not you still want ... I ? she lean forward , just a breath . warmth radiating , Martin step back ... martin please , just stop , Liz ... her face , read he . his fear , he uncertainty ... she smile , just a little ... Liz throw the knife ! Martin fire as the blade sink into he , send he reeling back onto the floor . martin his hand go to the knife sink in he shoulder , scream in agony as he rip it out , look up at ... liz a soft distance in she face . a small hole in she chest , just below she beautiful collar bone . her eye find he , focus , smile ... liz you will never know . you will never know who you be ... a long beat . we be not sure when exactly the life go out of she eye . finally , Martin pull himself forward . gently close she eyelid . ext . HOTEL imperial - night Police keep people back . FIRE truck everywhere , jet of water fight back the flame . a collective gasp ... as the bomb-damage corner of the hotel start to fold inward in a spray of dust and smoke . gina move through the crowd , anxiously search the stream of people still pour from the building ... she jump as a hand take she arm . turn she . Martin . she stumble back , hand raise against he . fear , betrayal , love ... him stand there , empty , bleed ... ( continued ) 114 . continued : gut instinct win . she take a step towards he , he pull she tight to he . hold on . all he have . all he know . in the middle distance Hotel survivor ... bressler : shake , oblivious that he 's the epicenter and object of the destruction all around he ... become ... close on a tv ... background noise ... echoing chime of a PA call platform ... a espresso machine nearby . on screen , CNN ... the Hotel Imperial . Day - after shot of the blow - out 14th floor . tv anchor less than twenty - four hour after the fail assassination attempt on the Saudi prince ... image switch to fahad seat in a PRESS conference where bressler be speak ... tv anchor ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) . Nobel laureate Professor Leo bressler announce the development of a new strain of corn ... fast grow , self - propagate , drought tolerant and pest resistant ... to be make available worldwide without patent or copyright cost ... rapturous applause . stand ovation ... tv anchor ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) humanitarian organization applaud the announcement , while the Dow Jones see agri-business stock plunge four percent ... pull back from the tv ... one of several in the central cafe area in ... int . lehrter bahnhof train station , berlin - day . finding two figure nestle among the traveler ... Martin and gina , seat close . the two of they , gentle . small touch . get use to peace ... gina hey ... do you know ? what you would have do ...? he look back at she , start to speak . a announcement cut through , they train leave . they stand , move off ... ( continued ) continued : as we crane up slowly above the crowd stream along a platform to board a inter - Europe express -- family , business traveler , soldier on leave ... ordinary people ... another day in they life ... martin ( v.0 . ) they say you whole life flash before you ... but it 's the little thing ... the detail ... gina reach out , take Martin 's arm . draw he closer . martin ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know who I be now , what I would have do . but one thing 's for sure ... I be not the man I be . and I be go to try my best to find some sort of redemption , for what he do . because maybe , just maybe ... slowly we lose they among the sea of bob head ... martin ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I can become the man I be always mean to be . fade out