unthinkable by peter woodward revised eighth master draft of April 17 2007 int . fredericksburg house - day roll credit over scene . Black screen . then a image as shot by a fix video camera . a man lean forward with a remote , turn the camera on . he be nervous , clear he throat . he sit and look into the camera , a note pad on he lap . younger ( to camera ) my name be William Arthur younger . I be a american citizen ... he look down at he note . he turn the video off . blackout . he turn on again . younger ( to camera ) I have certain demand which ... he look at he note ) my demand will be ... I have demand that must be meet by you , or ... he sigh , and turn the video off . blackout . he turn on again . younger ( to camera my name be yusuf Atta mohamme you know I as ... a cell phone ring . quickly fi find it and check the caller . not the call he have hope for . € put the phone aside , and sink he head in he hand . he reach or the remote . blackout . he turn the video on again , and stare straight at the camera , now calm and determine . younger ( to camera ) in the name of Allah the merciful , and pis prophet Mohammed , peace be upon im ... ext . baltimore STREET - friday morning fiorini be out for she morning run . she be in she 30' , slim , and wear short , a tee shirt , a mp3 player . up the street , a group of man leave a mosque . sandal , white robe , beard , turban . they surround a old man and guide he along the sidewalk . as she approach they , fiorini stop , and stretch against a lamp post , she ass in the air . the old man look at she in alarm . he cross the street , away from she . click of camera shutter . he and the man around he be catch in a series of photograph . int . observation house , baltimore - minute later fiorini come through the door , panting . in the room be several camera by the window . a young black man , deejay jackson , be on a cell phone . go through the photograph on a computer . fiorini towel off . 2 . michael leonard , same age as fiorini but less senior , fiorini do you get they ? leonard perfect angle . jackson ( on phone ) the old guy , white turban , black scarf around it . you get he ? good . fiorini jeez . if I have to spend another Friday in this dam hot pants ... int . FBI area office , baltimore - saturday morning a picture of the old man be pin to a wall of board cover with a hundred picture , name , and line draw between they . fiorini and she two agent be in a crime room , a bunch of photograph on the table . through a glass wall be the main FBI office , phillip , a ull of other agent at they desk . jackson he go back to the imam 's house . he have no immigration violation , no record , nothing we can nail he on . fiorini dam . leonard how do you know they have cross the street ? : fiorini fitna . jackson what ? fiorini fitna . means 'a dangerous woman’ . we make man forget they family , forget Allah . they avoid we , we be dangerous , and if you have any picture of my ass there , believe I that will be true . new young agent , enter , with a stack of papers . phillip I be really sorry ... fiorini agent Phillips , if we have a meeting at ten , do not turn up at half past . phillip I get the phone log of every suspect in the outer circle . I be up al night , I be look for pattern . fiorini do you find any ? phillip well . .no. fiorini sigh . leonard oh , come on , we have so many lead . fiorini Mike , we get wider and wider , but we do not get deeper . ( she turn to the board ) a mosque with a crazy imam and a bunch of militant Muslims . they say nasty thing , nasty friend in bakistan , ut what evidence do we have ? jackson we have they receive large amount of money from suspect organization ... fiorini to rebuild the mosque . jackson or material support for a terrorist conspiracy . fiorini to do what , about what ? we have nothing that would stand up . leonard we could get they on jaywalk . and there 's a case of indecent display ... e point to a picture of the man , with fiorini behind they , ben ing over in she short . fiorini not funny ... in the MAIN office , vincent sit at he desk . a older guy , good look . through the internal window to the crime room , he can see fiorini , wrapping up . he look at she a little longer than he should . near he be Agents tucker and unsworth . a tv on a wall be show picture of a man , and three basement room . tv news announcer , CNN --.a murder follow by a kidnap of a group of child . the alert begin in Cincinnati , and be now nationwide , and urgent . do you ( more ) tv news announcer , CNN ( cont would ) recognize this man , or any of this place ?... vincent hey tucker , will you turn that off ? tucker something go on . you see this ? fiorini come out of the crime room , and lean on vincent 's desk . vincent not go so well ? fiorini Three month , a thousand contact , a mass of evidence , all about nothing . there 's a big chunk of this miss . I look at that board , I think maybe it 's right there and I just can not see it . vincent yeah . scary . fiorini I be not scared , Vince , just concerned . vincent you want to lead a investigation . fiorini I really think we might have something here ... vincent gaze at she . vincent ( quietly ) so do I . fiorini give he a look . vincent ( quietly ) sorry . tucker be she hit on you again ? vincent what 's the matter , jealous ? unsworth last time anyone hit on he be 1978 . vincent laugh . tucker flick the tv remote . the same news . | tucker hey ... this guy 's on every channel . unsworth check out shopping channel , 56 . the Shopping Channel come up . unsworth there you gor real american tv , none of this public service crap . tv host , shopping channel as you know we don ' " break for news , but we like to help law enforcement , we want to show you some picture ... the same picture . the man . the basement . the Agents watch . unsworth first time I see that ... tv host , shopping channel the man have be name as William younger , age 38 . if you have see this man or have any information ... fiorini oh my God ... she run into the crime room , and point to a face on the outer edge of the board . fiorini who 's cover this guy ? younger ? phillip he 's one of mine . fiorini well I think he get away from you . she point at the tv , visible through the glass wall in the next room , show the face of William younger . vincent come in . fiorini get he file . where be that ? . , _ vincent Cincinnati . fiorini get I the field Office there , right now . Jesus Christ , the tv have this before we do ? Phillips ? jackson be on the phone , phillip fumble with the file . phillip William younger , only see he twice at_the mosque . I get he military file , nothing in it . no current address , no record , no history of extremism . his mother be a Muslim , family connection to aliah mustafa . this one . fiorini why be not that on the board ? leonard she 's connect to everybody . fiorini ask mister baine to step in here . jackson I think he 's come ... jackson be look through the glass wall behind they . Men in dark suit hurry into the main office and take up position near the door . supervisor baine lead another man into the crime room . fiorini Sir , we just ... baine this be mister saunder , for that of you who do not know , he 's we deputy director . this be agent fiorini . the team be astonished . jackson put down the phone . saunder be a big man of 50 , grim , and serious . he give fiorini a look . saunder you operation ? . fiorini yes Sir . she look to baine for a lead . nothing . saunder see the picture of fiorini 's ass . fiorini we be not expect you visit , Sir . saunder study the board . saunder this be you suspect ? fiorini yes sir. saunder we need to bring they in . all of they , they family , they relation , they business associate , they friend , every 9 ° contact you have in every single file fiorini that would take hundred of agent . saunder you have thousand . anything you want , anything you need , you get it . every ( more ) saunder ( cont would ) agent in the bureau will be available . and every cop on the street . saunder look at the tv , show picture of younger and of three basement room . saunder we need he , and we need to find that place . fiorini that 's a murder kidnap , sir. saunder do not believe what you see on tv . this gentleman be here to ensure security . every .¢ call you make will now be monitor le 'il contact you family , tell they you 'il not be home for a while . other suit start to bring in box of file into the Main Office . saunder you will be get a few thousand new file , this be paper file , not computerize , not even on we system . you need to cover they , fast . the slight relevance to you investigation and we bring they in . fiorini Sir , you have to tell we what this be about saunder no I do not . you should know that FBI be no longer the lead ggency in this investigation . you will be brief in due course . the agent be stunne . saunder you would better make a start . we may not have much time ... int . h's home , near WASHINGTON - day a suburban home outside Washington . a security gate at the end of a long drive , with wall surround the house and garden . Inside , in the kitchen , rina make breakfast , while the tv play . through open glass door , out in the garden , a man be lie on he back , play with he child . katie , age seven , play with a ball . peter , age five , bounce on he father 's stomach , laugh . katie catch it , daddy ! h I can not , sweetheart , I get a monster on I . the man , h , tickle peter , who roll off he . h stand . h I get to take a break . Katie , try to keep the ball off mommy 's flower . h walk inside . the tv be play . tv news announcer , CNN the break news right now be a_case that involve the murder of a police officer , and the abduction of a number of child . a red light on the wall begin to flash , with a alarm beep . rina automatically pick up the tv remote and flick it on to a security camera image . a mail van_is drive up to the front gate . rina speak with a Eastern european accent . rina mailman . she cycle through six different screen . each one show a security camera image of every side of the house , the garden , and back to the front gate - where she see the mailman get out . rina it 's a mailwoman today . she 's cute , you want to see ? h you check out the mailman when I be not here ? rina every day . h smile , and lean on the counter . rina turn the tv back on . tv news announcer , CNN or maybe you know one of this place ? they could be basement area in you building , a workshop or garage ... h see a large fly land on the wall . he flick it with a cloth , but miss . the fly land on the kitchen counter . instantly a hand smashes down on it . rina wipe she hand , and the counter , and continue prepare food . h turn back to the tv . int . FBI area office , baltimore - day the main office and the crime room be now pack with agent . lot of action , and more file arrive all the time . leonard 's desk be cover with file . leonard that 's a no , this be yes . a agent pick up a stack of file . leonard call after he . leonard no , wait , I have not see that ! baine people ! every file go to fiorini 's team for final action . you reject nothing until they say so . tucker and unsworth enter the crime room , head for fiorini , at the board . phillip make circle around various face . phillip okay , this one , the family be here , but he 's in Pakistan . fiorini bring in the family . and this guy 's important , make a call . tucker fiorini , a word . fiorini if it 's quick . unsworth last year we have a assignment . a covert operation go wrong . they want we to wipe they ass . tucker there be this guy , Henry Roberts . they want he , we could not find he . but here he be , address , everything . he give fiorini a file , she look at it quickly . photograph , a few nearly gmety page with some large print - '' refer to a. ie departmen 's 's before any further action '' . also a envelope , seal , and stamp '' restricted '' . jackson do we have number forty - three , aliah mustafa ? fiorini I send three team out , nothing yet . ( to tucker _and_ unsworth ) guy , I have fifty file on my desk , where be this from ? unsworth o.g.a . other government agency . fiorini what be this case about ? tucker we never know . fiorini put the file down and talk to baine as he pass . 10 . fiorini Sir , we still do not have the file on younger . baine restricted access , not available yet . fiorini we have a profiling team , they have nothing to work on . Sir , when do we find out what this be ... baine soon . baine move on . unsworth the file say refer to departmental ... fiorini listen , I do not have time , you go pick he up , tell I about it later . fiorini move on . the agent look at each other , unhappy . int . h ’'s home , near baltimore - day rina be irone clothes in the kitchen . in the live room , read to peter and katie . so mummy bear and daddy bear and baby bear all fall fast asleep . you think it 's true ? peter yes . katie no ! the red light on the wall flash . rina click the remote . do not like what she see . she exchange a look with H. h you have better check , see if they be sleep . go get the bear , go on . h be she the kid run . h walk into the front room , and open a cupboard . Inside be a panel of six video monitor . he glance at they , and freeze . one screen show a car park down the drive , and two man in suit walk towards the gate . h take out a cell phone . the kid burst in , hold a bunch of teddy bear . peter we find they . we get they ! h oh , that 's great , go show mummy , quick , quic 11 . the kid run from the room . h dial the cell phone . the man reach the front gate . the doorbell ring in the house . h call out . h I get it ! int . charlie thomas 's office - continuous a garbage heap of a office . charlie thomas be 50 , and equally dishevel , gray hair , bad tooth . he shout down a phone . charlie I do not care , you keep they secure , you do nothing until I tell you . you understand ? another telephone start ringing . charlie check the caller id . charlie I get to go , call I if you need to , and you do not need to ... he put down one phone . he take a breath , then answer the other . intercut with h 's house , as h look at _the monitor . the two man stand at the gate , and ring the doorbell again . charlie h , I be go to talk to you ... h Charlie , do I have a problem ? charlie . no , but we may need to call you in ... h I get two guy outside my gate , be they ours ? charlie what ? no . on the monitor , there 's only one man at the front gate . h flick to the monitor of the side wall , and see the other man walk round to the back of the house . h you sure Charlie , one hundred percent ? charlie of course I be . there 's no - one on you case . a Jesus . I deal with this , then you relocate we immediately . charlie h , hold on ... 12 . this be m family , goddam it ! you send some people now ! charlie we will get there , you have priority ... a you say that last time , Charlie . h ring off . charlie h? h! crap . int . h ’'s home , near WASHINGTON - day h_ see the man at the front gate talk into a cell phone . he flick the monitor , and see the man at the back of the house , also talk into he phone . rina hurry the child into a room and close the door on they . h unlock and open a drawer , and take out two handgun . int . FBI area office , baltimore - day the organize chaos continue in the office . fiorini shout down a phone . her cell phone ring , and she search for it . fiorini ( phone ) we have 80 suspect there , more on the way . you make it dam clear that it may be a military facility , but we have custody . we be send more agent right now ... material support for terrorism , it 's all we can hold they on ... of course you read they rights , what kind of question be that ? I get to go . ( she click on she cell phone ) fiorini . intercut with : int . / ext . helicopter in flight - continuous charlie thomas be a passenger , shouting into he phone . charlie ( phone ) agent fiorini ? my name be Charles oma . I be connect to the Defense Intelligence Agency . this be a matter of extreme national security . fiorini what do you mean , connect ? how do you get my personal number ? 13 . charlie you_got a thousand new file today , I would not know that , or you number , unless I be for real . fiorini I be sorry , I can not discuss this ... charlie listen to I , please , I do not want information . one file be send to_you in error . name of Henry Roberts . it be a mistake . he be a extremely dangerous man ... hello ? / fiorini wait . charlie no ! fiorini put the phone down , and look on she desk for the file . int . h's home , WASHINGTON D.C. - continuous tucker knock at h 's front door . no answer . he try the door - it be open . he draw he gun , and enter , slowly . he call out . tucker this be FBI . we see someone in the house . identify yourself , please . int . FBI area office , WASHINGTON D.C. - continuous fiorini find the file , and pick up the phone . fiorini yes , I have the file . charlie I know you have the goddam file ! if you sen eople there , withdraw they immediately . ( the cell phone break up ) do not approach he , I repeat you must not approach he ... fiorini hello ? hello ? ( the line be dead . ) hey Vince , would you call tucker and unsworth , urgent . vincent okay . she pick up the seal envelope from the file and look at the print on it . '' restricted '' . she open it . the first page , in large red print . '' personal information restrict . this man be armed a : dangerous . no approach to be make to subject or family . no 14 . approach under any circumstance . departmental Chiefs contact arle Thomas at service before any further action '' int . h’s home , near WASHINGTON - day unsworth enter the back door of the house . not a sound anywhere . in the front room , tucker be move slowly . a closet door open behind he . rina be in there with a gun . rina freeze ! you turn round and I shoot . in the next room , unsworth creep towards the hall , gun raise . rina put you gun on the floor and slide it away . tucker I be special agent tucker , FBI ... rina you shut up , slide the gun away and turn round . tucker comply . tucker I be FBI , I be sure you do not want ... rina you take out you id , throw it at my foot . tucker do so . rina slowly bend down to pick it up . unsworth be now behind the open doorway . his cell phone ring . rina look up , unsworth come round the corner . unsworth put the gun down , put it down ! he do not have a shot . tucker be between he and rina . tucker know he must jump aside . rina scream at he . rina unsworth you move and I shoot ! put the gun down ! tucker dive for he weapon , another door open , h be there hold a gun , unsworth swing he weapon round . h fire a shot . ext . h’s home , near WASHINGTON - continuous a series of shot from inside the house . int . FBI area office , WASHINGTON D.C. - continuous vincent be still on the phone . fiorini look up from the file . 15 . vincent no answer from either . fiorini oh shit ... ext . h’s home , near baltimore - later a helicopter circle round the house . FBI swat team move into position at the back , and approach the front , hugging whatever cover they can find . suddenly the front gate slide open . h come out of the front door , look up at the helicopter . radio voice suspect be outside , in the front yard . h walk into the front yard and stop . vincent , by the front gate , pull out a bullhorn . vincent FBI ! stay where you be . vincent signal , and other agent run into the front yard and take position , aim they weapon at H. radio voice he have a object in he right hand . vincent keep you hand away from you body . a I be fifty foot away , you do not need a bull horn . what the fuck be you people do here ? vincent who else be in the house ? h my wife and two kid , and you asshole better not scare they . h hold up the black object in he hand . h this be the remote for my garage door . I be now go to open it . vincent no ! the agent duck as h push the button . the garage door slowly open , some agent swing they weapon to cover it . in the garage , tucker be tape to a chair . unsworth lie on the floor , one han cuffed to the wall , and blood gome from he mouth . there 's a dress on he stomach , and blood from there also . vincent Christ ... 16 . tucker you be safe to approach , get a medic ! some agent run towards the garage , other run for the front door . a do not frighten my kid ! vincent face down on the ground , hand behind you back , now ! vincent jump on he , push he down hard , and cuffing he . h vincent who the fuck send vou to mat you be under arrest , vou have a house , you stupid ... goddam ... right to remain silent , anything vou sav can and will be use against you in a court of law ... int . FBI interrogation room - later h sit alone , angry . vincent enter with fiorini , hold a file . fiorini I be agent fiorini , this be agent Vincent ... a do you send that guy ? be you responsible for this ? fiorini Sir , I think you may be responsible for shoot a FBI agent . you be Henry Roberts ? a who give you a file on I ? fiorini be that you name ? h no . it 's a false identity . fiorini okay . you have be read you rights ... h my guy be come . vincent you have not make a call . no - one know you be here . h say nothing . fiorini slide a picture of younger towards he . fiorini can I ask you , do you recognize he ? h look at the picture . h yes . fiorini just nod , she smile give nothing away . h be this you screw -up ? fiorini . you have a first name you can give I ? a real one ? h sigh and shake he head . okay , let 's slay the game , all smile , make nice to I , you know how it go . you can call I h . what 's you first name , fiorini ? fiorini felicity . h oh that 's so cute , now we be such good friend , right ? vincent ; attempt murder be not a joke . h you agent come to my home , my child be there . if I want to kill they , I could have . ( to fiorini ) you have make a serious mistake . fiorini the agent you shot , he identify himself as FBI ? a I do not get a chance to check he . fiorini so you do shoot he ? h oh , felicity , you be so good at this . fiorini he could have die . you give he coagulant to stop the bleed , morphine for the pain . h I be a Saint . 17 . 18. fiorini you have that thing just lie around the house ? h yes . fiorini well thank you , h , you do the right thing . you say you recognize he ? she point casually to the picture on the desk . h yes . from the tv . the door open . baine walk in , with charlie and eve zachary , a elegant woman of 45 . fiorini and vincent be confuse . baine agent fiorini , we have receive instruction . this interview be suspend . h ( to charlie ) fiorini you bastard , I rely on you . you Sir , what do vou mean ? who be tell I , one hundred per cent , this people ? we can not just ... that be not we guy . charlie baine you name get on some NSA list , we have to surrender the CIA give it to FBI , no - one tell suspect . I . fiorini what the hell be this ? baine there 's be a foul -up . it seem this '' gentleman '' be on we side . he 's go to be work the same investigation . I be what ? zachary ( be baine ) I can not believe you let this happen . baine you send we he file , do not blame FBI . zachary ( to fiorini ) do you check you lead against the witness protection program , like the priority '' list with all the red tag say " do not touch " ? vincent baine he 's in witness protection ? we do not have time for that ! 19 . zachary we put he there so you would leave he alone . charlie ( to fiorini ) h_ ( to zachary ) hi , we talk . I be Charlie ... you can all_ qo fuck vourselve ! last year h have a contract out I tell you I would never work on he . with you people again . charlie ( to fiorini ) zachary two quv from Chechnya , we get this be never , now be never , you to they first . be come with we . charlie baine he 's a target , he think you when you have finish with he , guy be killer ... you can be sure we will not have . zachary mister baine , you do what you like , but right now he come with we . fiorini wait a minute , he dam near kill one of we agent ... zachary we have other priority . fiorini you what ! baine let it go , fiorini . zachary Charlie , put he in the car , now . zachary leave . charlie go to the door and hold it open for H. baine fiorini , this investigation be be transfer to another facility . fiorini that 's crazy , we be set up right here ! baine we have order . I expect leadership from you , not resistance . fiorini swallow it . h sigh and get up . h look like we be both get screw . h head for the door , but fiorini get in he face . fiorini who be you ? 20 . charlie best not to ask . charlie and h leave . baine be leave with the two agent . fiorini I will prepare my team for transfer , Sir . ext . sitcon ( situation control CENTER ) - dawn , sunday two black suv 's on the road . Inside they be fiorini and she team , leonard , jackson , phillip . also sutton , a young security officer , in dark suit , shade , and earphone . the suv 's steer into a gap in a concrete wall . Gates close behind they . uniform personnel and dog scan the vehicle . the suv 's drive into a wall compound , a former military base . some of the building be derelict and board up . they pull up outside a large building . int . lobby , sitcon - moment later they enter a large lobby area , which be buzzing , pack with dark suit and military . mps guard every door , and all the corridor . fiorini what be this place ? sutton need to know , you do not . this way . int . FBI room , sitcon - moment later in the new FBI room , the old suspect board be be set up by suit and military personnel . on the wall be the image of younger , and the three different basement room . the agent enter . sutton this be where you work . at this point I will take you firearm from you . fiorini you be not take my weapon . who the hell be you ? sutton listen , lady , just hand over the gun . fiorini you call I '' agent '' . and you try take my weapon , I will shove it right up you ass . gunter let she keep the dam thing . general gunter be there , a bull of a man . vanderbiden be behind he , a civilian , pompous and overweight . saunder be behind they . sutton yes sir. this be General gunter , Commander , sitcon . gunter you be fiorini ? fiorini agent fiorini . he look at she . a woman . gunter FBI be here to assist with investigative duty under my command . fiorini no Sir , posse comitatus . unless the President have invoke martial Law , the military have no jurisdiction over civilian authority . gunter Defence authorization Act 2007 . you may have miss the small print . tell she , mister saunder . saunder look grim . saunder President have the authority to use the armed force in order to suppress , in any State , any insurrection , unlawful combination or conspiracy . gunter can we get on with this ? vanderbiden give sutton a tape , which he put in a vcr . and h enter the room . the agent be horrify . h hello felicity . be not this fun ? vanderbiden welcome . this be the situation Control Center . my name be vanderbide , I be with the Department of homeland Security . two day ago we receive . gunter play the fuck tape . the tape begin . fiorini stare at h , who smile , 21. charlie and point at the screen . fiorini hear the voice and turn to watch . on the tape , the image of younger appear . he be in what look like a basement room , stand in front of a large device . 22 . younger ( on screen ) in the name of Allah the merciful , and he prophet Mohammed , 1 gace be upon he . my name be yusuf Atta Mohammed . my former name be William Arthur younger . all the rest you will learn from you file . this be location one . sutton we take a screen capture of all the location , clean they up , take he out of it . and take that thing out . younger ( on screen ) some of you will recognize this . it be a bomb . fiorini gasp . the location and sound change on the tape . younger ( on screen ) this be location two . all the location be in urban area . I have demand which will be meet by you , or this bomb will explode . TI will give you this demand at a later date . the location and sound change again . younger ( on screen ) this be location three . all three device be identical . all three will explode in seven day , on Friday the 21st at lpm . and all three of this device ... be nuclear bomb . fiorini oh my God ... younger you expert will want evidence , of course , so I will now describe the technical aspect of each device . younger begin to go through the detail . sutton mute the sound . gunter we will spare you the detail . after 9 - 11 , ip there 's a one per cent chance , the threat be consider real . this one be 99 per cent . he 's one of we . a military scientist , specialist in field nuclear weapon . served in Iraq with special force to check out nuke . a grade ' a 's guy , top honors , totally dedicated . saunder his father be american . worked at the embassy in Pakistan , meet a woman there , become a moslem so he could marry she , force to leave the diplomatic Corps . they have a son in ( more ) 23 . saunder ( cont would ) Pakistan , then move back here , the son be grant citizenship .. and the boy just get the normal background check . after all it would be so wrong for anyone to suggest that Islamic terrorist have one thing in common - they be all Islamic . h laugh at himself . the other look at he with disgust . vanderbiden this be not funny . saunder he 's make no demand , no further contact . fiorini where could he get nuclear material ? gunter Three year ago he be on a team check nuclear facility in Russia . a oh , great choice . gunter since then , some material have go miss the Russians can not trace about fifteen , eighteen pound , they can not be accurate . around five pound on each bomb . Three big city . fiorini ( to saunder ) Sir , do we have any direct evidence that he 's for real ? saunder turn to gunter , who sigh , and nod . saunder the Iranians pay he twenty million to get nuclear material out of Russia and bring it back to they . they \se set the whole thing up . then they lo track of he , and the money . leonard how do we know this ? gunter they tell we . one of they Generals be a little concerned . we might think they be responsible for what younger do with the stuff . Nice excuse to bomb the crap out of they . fiorini what do he want ? why do he do it ? 24 . charlie Jesus , the question be not '' why he do it '' , but '' where be the fuck bomb '' ? fiorini you think you can answer one without the other ? saunder his wife be a liberal type , environmental nut . she want a divorce , he do not . he try to take they two kid back to he mother in Pakistan . the court stop he , give custody to the wife . maybe that turn he , we do not know . at some point he become a fundamentalist . fiorini he want to nuke we because we take he kid ? h you mess with my family , I have feel the same way . vanderbiden I have copy of he restrict file . vanderbiden hand out file . fiorini grab hers and scan it . h ( to charlie ) everything I need in here ? charlie sure . h you 'il inform I of any development ? charlie yup . h not much point if you do not . gunter we need you to get back to work . but you even whisper the word nuclear , and you will be withdraw immediately . understood ? fiorini look up from the file , angry . fiorini you know all this and you do not tell we ? we could have crack this before it even happen . 25 . vanderbiden Intelligence could not put the piece together . fiorini but that 's exactly what we do ! gunter so how come we people find he home . fiorini maybe because they have the file , Sir . saunder I send agent Vincent down there . we have forensics work on it now . you better take a look . gunter ( to h ) you too . fiorini will someone please tell I who this person be ? gunter just do you job , fiorini . fiorini look at H. h smile back . int . baltimore house - later fiorini , h and charlie go through the house with vincent . plain , lifeless , bare . family photo , parent , a blonde wife with two kid , military buddy in fatigue . a american flag on the wall . ert technician in plastic suit be still work . h seem bored . vincent they peel this place apart . this guy be so clean , he 's weird . fiorini nothing out of place . everything as it should be . the female cousin , aliah mustafa . no trace of she ? vincent no other print , no fiber , no hair . just he . fiorini that 's impossible . charlie someone clean it real good . charlie and h move on . fiorini speak quietly to vincent . fiorini do military Intelligence go through this place before we do ? 26 . vincent I think we can assume that . fiorini what the fuck be go on ? and you , why the hell do not you tell I you would be send here ? vincent they tell I not to . fiorini shake she head in disbelief . fiorini be they try to replace I with someone else - like you ? vincent nobody else could lead this investigation , we do not have time to mess around , and you have all the inside track . yes , they ask I , and that 's what I tell they . fiorini thanks . sorry . vincent . it 's not personal , fliss . I just hope I do the right thing . vincent look at she . she avoid he gaze and go into the next room . she see h , lean against the wall , arm fold . fiorini so be you some kind of investigator ? ( h smile ) you do not seem to be interested . h Charlie give I all the information I need . I like to keep my focus clear on the subject . fiorini what subject ? who be you people ? charlie the service . fiorini what service ? what agency ? charlie no agency want any part of we . a we be private contractor . 27 . charlie I be the contractor , you be just a sub - contractor . h oh , right , I be a sub-contractor . fiorini what do you do ? charlie we do stuff . no office , no oversight , no fuss . fiorini there must be legal limit to you organization ? charlie yeah . I guess there must be . they laugh . vincent enter . vincent you better see the garage . int . baltimore house , garage - moment later they enter a large garage workshop . Machine tool , chain hoist , nuke suit , engineering rig . vincent they say the bomb be make here . traces of radiation , three type include enrich uranium . fiorini to what level ? vincent safe enough to walk around , that 's all I know . fiorini he make three nuclear bomb in this garage and all we have be trace level of radiation ? vincent maybe he have another place . h there 's nothing here , be there ? Charlie , can we get to work ? int . conference room , sitcon - later sutton lead they into the Conference room . full of military and civilian in earnest discussion . general gunter be argue furiously with saunder , but he stop talk as they approach . 28 . gunter you have see the house ? h that 's a scary place . you must have be pleased when you get he . gunter turn on he in alarm . h why be you waste my time , General ? gunter who tell you we have he ? who ? h I be here . you call I in . so obviously ... gunter wait here . gunter go , leave saunder , who be clearly seethe with anger . charlie laugh , fiorini be confuse . fiorini wait , what be this , we be search the whole country for this guy ? saunder this idiot have have he 24 hour . fiorini why do not they say ? how be he catch ? saunder a security officer see he in a mall . fiorini his picture be plaster all_over the country , and he go to a mall ? h sure , macy 's return department . '' I be sorry , this uranium you sell I be just not enrich enough ... '' saunder look at h in disgust and take fiorini aside . saunder listen . the military need we to investigate , get the accomplice , find the bomb , but they want to interrogate the suspect themselves . they be allow one agent inside ... gunter and colonel kerkmejian approach . 29 . gunter this be Colonel kerkmejian : military Intelligence . he ’1ll take you to he . saunder fiorini , you report back only to I . fiorini look at saunder . gunter be incredulous . gunter you be send she ! saunder she 's lead the investigation : she go in . General , you will have to let we interrogate he , and you know it . gunter FBI will get access to the prisoner as soon as he become available . gunter turn to fiorini , h and charlie . gunter until then , that man be ours . you observe , and that be all . kerkmejian follow I , please . kerkmejian lead fiorini , charlie and h , who turn to fiorini . h they do not seem to want you guy around , do they ? int . corridor outside the hall , sitcon - moment later kerkmejian lead down a corridor , which get increasingly narrow and dark . there be a mp at the door ahead of they . fiorini who exactly be interrogate this man ? kerkmejian other government agency have that in hand . ( to h ) I do not know you work , but they tell I you break the chechen case ? a I guess I do . int . the hall , sitcon - continuous the mp open the door , and they walk into the back of the hall . this might once have be the base Assembly room . seat and table , with a crowd of military and civilian . at one end be a interrogation room , with a air-lock door , and a wall of glass . 30 . fiorini gasp . in the room be younger , naked , hood . he be spread - eagle , lean angainst the wall on he fingér . Water be spraying over he hood , he be gasp for breath . cold -air fan blow at he , and he shiver uncontrollably . an_ interrogator , orden , be dress in a warm coat , and over a relay we hear he insistent question . kerkmejian speak quietly . kerkmejian this be the interrogation facility . the subject be in there , soundproof , one - way glass . we have expert from multiple agency , the mis itary , nuke specialist , psychologist , analyst every word and movement he make . h any psychics in here ? charlie shut up , H. h why not , they get everything else . fiorini who 's in charge here ? this be illegal ! kerkmejian we never strike he . hot and cold , sleep deprivation , intense noise , bright eght , threat of violence . h oh , he must be terrify . where be the dog , there should be dog ... fiorini who give you authorization to ... kerkmejian everything here be within operational parameter , agent . charlie Colonel , if you decide to use h , he can not work with all this people . kerkmejian ( smiling ) you want we to get rid of the other ? h that will not be difficult . h walk to the front of the Hall . kerkmejian , charlie , and fiorini follow . a stir , as some recognize he , and other whisper he name . fiorini see the disgust on they face . one stand up . lubitchich you be not serious ? tell I he 's not here . 31 . h Charlie , the amateur be in charge , this will not work . charlie you may have to make it work . they be go to need you on this one . h make it work ? okay . ( he smile at fiorini ) let 's make it work . h look at the crowd of expert . vanderbiden be squash into a seat . in the front row be zachary . next to she be lubitchich , in fatigue , six foot four of muscle . a older , quiet man sit to one side , a cane in he hand . h turn to look through the glass wall . fiorini look too . the little detail of a naked , suffer man . suddenly h step forward , open the outer door to the room , and step inside . he open the inner door before anyone can stop he . lubitchich what the hell ... charlie oh shit . in the room , orden be surprised by h 's arrival . he clearly recognize he . h glance out towards othe Hall . from inside the room , nothing outside can be see . go straight to younger , pull he upright , and rip off he hoo younger blink in the ight , shiver with cold as the water cascade down he face . h hello . orden be furious , but cover it . h pick up the night stick that lie on the table , and turn to face younger . orden be alarmed . orden no . no way ! h swing round and hit orden in the face . orden fly against the wall . h follow up with a series of vicious strike . blood spray across the room . younger 's eye , watch , amaze . in the hall , they be paralyze for a second . lubitchich what the fuck ? kerkmejian m.p. 's , now ! there be a rush for the door of the room . in the room , h be pull outside by two mp 's , winston and truman . lubitchich pick up orden 's unconscious body and carry he out . in the hall , h be put face down on a table , as the mp 's cuff he . 32 . charlie do not hurt he ! h what 's the matter ? I do not strike the prisoner . h look at fiorini , gesture to the room . she seize the moment . fiorini vanderbiden ( to h ) Colonel , the suspect be now be you out of you mind ? you available for interview , I be just assault a interrogator ! go in . kerkmejian what ? no , I do not have authorization . fiorini then get it . I be sure you do not intend to obstruct the FBI . she take out she pistol and place it on a table . kerkmejian where the hell be lubitchich ? point to h ) and get he out of here ! h flash fiorini a smile , as the mp 's hustle he away . she go into the room , as kerkmejian pick up a phone . in the room , younger remain lean against the wall , chain in a_ stress position . he be naked , wet , and shiver . he look at fiorini , in she sharp FBI suit . fiorini mister younger , I be agent fiorini , FBI . as soon as I can , I be get you out of this , so we can sit down and talk . you have be badly treat , and I be sorry . younger reply , with a strange calmness . younger thank you for you concern . it 's not pleasant , but it 's okay . fiorini it 's not okay . you have grounds for legal gomplaint ; and if you want to , I will help you make it . younger I think you will find that this be entirely legal . and necessary . fiorini necessary ? 33. younger in the war against terror . fiorini be take aback . she turn off the cold fan , get a towel , and dry he back . in the hall , the observer watch . kerkmejian be on the phone . zachary what the hell be that woman do ? kerkmejian yes Sir , she 's in there now ... in the room , younger still shiver as fiorini dry he . younger thank you . could you please dry my arm , they be really col fiorini do so . as she reach up , he look quickly at she watch . she notice . she smile at he , almost teasing . fiorini you look at my watch . go on , yes you do . you want to know the time ? younger 6.15 Sunday evening . have you find my wife and kid yet ? fiorini you must be worried about they . younger you be look for they , right ? when you find they , will you let I know ? fiorini I can help you with that . can you help I with something ? why be you do this , mister younger ? younger yusuf . my name be yusuf . fiorini alright , yusuf . what be it you want ? the door swing open . gunter be there , with lubitchich . and kerkmejian , who look very uncomfortable . younger sorry , too soon to tell you . lubitchich instantly hood younger , and place earphone on he , with very loud music . younger grunt slightly as he eardrum be pound . gunter turn on fiorini in fury . 34 . gunter get the fuck out of here . ( to lubitchich ) and you , get some fuck result ! you . int . FBI room , sitcon - later that night in the new FBI room , the board of suspect now have even more picture , most of they circle in red . there be a crowd of agent , all from the Baltimore office , include vincent . baine address they in the background , while saunder and fiorini talk quietly . fiorini Sir , we can not work with this baine you have all see the tape , vou people . what they_are do be ineffective , and illegal . and they bring in a maniac who know what we be up against ... you_should know that FBI be still not in charge of this shot one of we agent . operation . saunder the military use whoever thev want . and they technique have official sanction . we do not like it , but that 's the way it be . baine you call on police , military , anything you need , any time . you now have complete access to the file of every other agency . saunder senior agent the government have a tool - box . that will be a first . be this FBI be just a wrench . they get CIA ? hammer , too . baine it would be titegal for CIA to operate inside the United States . fiorini ? fiorini address the room . fiorini we have five day . you get to stay fresh . we be set up cot in the back there , make sure you rest when you can . you instruction be that you do not reveal to anyone outside this room that we have a suspect . officially , he do not exist . vincent why can not we interrogate this guy ? saunder we be currently negotiate that . vincent '' negotiate '' ? fiorini I have the chance to interview he briefly . as yet he 's make no demand , but he éleariy have a timetable . we assume he have outside accomplice . it be vital we find he family member . you pull in every contact , you make every possible connection . but the absolute priority of you and you ( more ) 35 . fiorini ( cont would ) team be to find this location . someone must know where this be . you have you assignment , let 's go . my team ? what have we get ? fiorini 's inner team gather round she , plus vincent and baine . leonard 120 suspect at the wrighton facility , all mirandize . most of they never even hear of younger . military move the main one into cell right here , they be deny we access . fiorini Jesus Christ ... baine we be deal with that . vincent thousands of lead from the public on suspect and location . hundred of agent on it , they be overload . phillip I get people on he internet , phone , credit card , travel bookin ! ss. we get National Security letter for anyone we want . jackson some financial lead on aliah mustafa , nothing definite . we be tracking the family , can not find the wife yet , but we get some of the other . fiorini ( to baine ) the family need to come right here , we will need immediate access to they . baine I do not know if they will agree to that . fiorini God dam it , how many compromise be FBI go to make ? the other agent be aghast . but baine take it . baine I will see what I can do . baine leave . the agent look at he , and she . ; vincent you be not gonna last long that way . saunder fiorini ! saunder be on the phone , which he put down as she go to he . 36 . fiorini Sir ? saunder there have be development . there 's something you may have to do . int . military cell corridor , sitcon - dawn , monday fiorini walk down a corridor . she be accompany by a soldier , who carry a meal on a tray . loud heavy metal music be play . the soldier open a door , and fiorini enter another corridor . there be close cell with steel door on each side , and the music be deafen here . the soldier march to the next door , while fiorini hang back , appal . at each end of the corridor be guard , with heavy ear-defender . the soldier hold the next door open for she . the guard stare at she as she walk through . int . cell , sitcon - later they enter a_large room with a number of cell , cage of open steel bar . in one of they , h sit on a bed , read a file . the soldier push some breakfast through the bar to he , and leave . they can hear the heavy metal music through the wall . a Morning . you like metallica ? it 's just_the funniest thing . '' no , not metallica , I 'il tell you anything ! '' h chuckle . he pick at he food , and read the file . fiorini so I understand you be a specialist interrogator ? be that how you work with golleague ? you beat they ? h we need to lose the ' b’ team . fiorini be they go to use you , after that little show ? h you think that be a show ? fiorini and it be not just for I , to let I in . it be for younger . you want he to see it . ( no response from h ) if they do allow you to question he , you will 's need I to work with you . h ( laughing ) be that what they tell you to say ? so you talk to the man . you learn anything more about he ? fiorini a little . have you ? 37 . fiorini gesture at the file in h 's hand . h oh , this be not he file . it 's yours . he show she the photograph in she own file . fiorini grab for it . fiorini I do not believe it ! give that to I ! a no , it 's classified , you do not have cléarance . but I can see why they choose you . quite a woman . Father in the Marines , kill in action , sorry . military Police , promotion , medal ... fiorini who give you that ? h now_you be push you way up the fb of i. counter terrorism - good choice . no contact with Mom , no boyfriend more than a few month . watch out , they 's 11 think you be lesbian . and 's this guy Vincent , is he that other agent ? the cell - block door open for gunter and charlie . as a guard open up the cell , h slip the file to charlie , who grin at fiorini . h good morning , General . no progress , huh ? what a surprise . charlie they get a deal for you . gunter we ’1ll negotiate with FBI about the agent you shot . they will not prosecute . fiorini like hell we will not ! gunter you will take turn with the other . h I work alone , one other person , only take over when I need a break . gunter how long can you keep that up ? h as long as it take . do we pull he out of country ? gunter we have a place here . 38 . h oh that 's a little risky , how about the Road to marrakesh ? or Guantanamo , I have friend there . gunter we do not have time for that and you know it . a that 's right . time , time , time , it 's such a bitch . gunter take this seriously , you little fuck . h lean into gunter . there be something deadly in he face . h you want I to do my work , you will treat I with respect . and you will agree my term . I lead , you lose the committee , and one other interrogator of my choice . gunter who ? h her. fiorini be surprised . gunter be you kid ? she 's FBI . h they want in do not they ? I bet you be under a lot of pressure . gunter abso-fuck - lutely not ! a I be the last possible choice that you would want to make , General . but you be go to have to make it . gunter ( to fiorini ) take this creep out and burn he . he move to leave . a voice stop he . quiet man no . they look . the quiet man be there in the shadow , observe . quiet man give he what he want . 39 . int . corridor outside the hall , sitcon - later gunter lead fiorini , h and charlie down the corridor . fiorini you want I in . why ? you have integrity , I like that . and this people be dangerous , I may need protection . fiorini be not sure if he be serious . int . the hall , sitcon - later they enter the Hall . gunter . go to talk with kerkmejian . the crowd of observer be still there . fiorini gasp at the sight behind the glass . it be a image familiar to all Americans . younger be hood , a black sheet over he , stand on a stool , with arm outstretch , he body tremble with effort . wire lead from he body to a box , hold by lubitchich . fiorini be deeply shocked . h walk down to the front , laugh , but angry . h congratulation , what imagination . human resource train manual , honduras edition , 1983 . '' torture lite '' , from we sponsor , the CIA ! gunter step in front of the observer . gunter people , we have a new specialist join we . from now on , no observer . the observer confer , some angr some happy | to start pack up . h go to the microphone , and flick on the intercom to the room . h ( to microphone ) hey , have you tell he how small he penis be ? they really hate that . in the room , lubitchich look up , furious . charlie shut up , H. a okay , but can we take Christ down from the cross now ? kerkmejian nod to some assistant , and they enter the room . gunter all military personnel will leave at once . the rest of you , consult with you agency . they would not wish you of remain under this flexible parameter of operation . 40 . vanderbiden I be homeland Security , you can not order I around . gunter I would not even bother . lubitchich come out of the room , and see that most of the observer be now leave . lubitchich what the hell be happen ? h I be , and you be out . charlie we do not need the CIA tech . the assistant come out of the room . gunter you guy can go . zachary point at fiorini . zachary she leave too . fiorini I do not think so . gunter I can not keep they out indefinitely . zachary be you out of you mind ? kerkmejian h want she , he 's call the shot . ask he . he gesture to the quiet man . zachary this be a mistake . I will take this up at the high level . h how high you gonna go ? Charlie , my wife come here every day , with my food . ask she to bring my black bag . kerkmejian you wife ? she can not come here , it 's top security ... h I need my wife , and I be particular about my food . 41 . charlie he get what he want . gunter Colonel kerkmejian , you be in command . kerkmejian I Sir ? I think you .. kerkmejian watch gunter leave . all the observer have now go . now present in the Hall be fiorini and charlie ; zachary , kerkmejian and vanderbiden ; the quiet man in the shadow ; h and alvarez ; younger , now strapped to a chair in the room ; and two mp 's , winston and truman . kerkmejian alright . prisoner go out the side door , you take he downstairs . it 's all ready for he . we follow . he nod to winston and truman , who go in to younger . fiorini where be we go ? int . corridor to the basement - later fiorini follow h , charlie and kerkmejian down concrete step and along a basement corridor . the other observer follow behind , the quiet man hobbling down the step . the corridor be dirty and 's dimly light , and at the end be a heavy steel door . int . the basement , sitcon - continuous they enter a large basement , with some basic furniture cover in dust sheet . at one end , a wall have be build with lumber and sound - proofed board , to create a cell , with a heavy door . h be my equipment ready ? charlie in box . this be alvarez . alvarez stand quietly to one side , a stocky , short man with a face that say nothing . h nod at he . fiorini where 's younger ? kerkmejian in there . he point towards the connect door . fiorini move towards it . kerkmejian you do not go in . 42 . h ( to alvarez ) tape he head , leave the eye and mouth . alvarez go in , as the mp 's come out of the cell . h point they to a case of fire equipment on the wall . h I need a hammer . that fire - ax will do it , could you get that ? the mp 's look at each other . winston go for the ax , truman help kerkmejian remove the dust sheet , revealing furniture and a large video monitor . ahey check connection on it . h put on a white lab coat . fiorini look around she , with grow suspicion . fiorini what the hell be this ? this be go to be legal , geneva Convention stuff , right ? because if it 's not ... h the current war on terrorism be not a conflict envision by the framer of the geneva convention . fiorini bullshit ! h I be quote the former Secretary of Defense ... fiorini if this come anywhere near torture ... h I be not go to address the '' torture '' word . fiorini listen , you asshole ... h I be still quote the Secretary of Defense . winston bring a small fire - ax with both a hammer and ax head . h thank you , very good . the video picture come up . fiorini watch on the monitor as h go into the cell . younger be in there , strapped to a dental chair . alvarez have tape younger 's head to the headrest , until only he eye and mouth be clear . . _ fiorini what be this place , Colonel ? 43 . kerkmejian we use to train interrogator here . fiorini that 's not a answer . in the cell , h unstrap younger 's hand and place it on the table . alvarez hand he a block of wood , which h push down on the hand . younger wince . h reach for the fire —ax . in the basement , they watch . kerkmejian give a nervous laugh . kerkmejian wait ...he 's not .. in the cell , h lift the fire - ax , and bring the hammer- head down hard . younger let out a yell of shock and agony . h flip the ax over in mid-air . now he bring the ax-head down . another hideous shriek of pain . with a little click of he tongue , h_use the fire - ax like a putter , to tap something down the table . it be the crush top joint of younger 's little finger . in the basement , amazement , then panic . fiorini no ! vanderbiden oh God . kerkmejian Inside , now ! kerkmejian , winston and truman run for the door . in the cell , h flip the fire - ax , hammer - head face down again . younger no ... please ! h bring down the hammer . h flip the fire - ax again , now blade down . he chop . he bat away the second joint of the finger . h lift the fire - ax again , but winston throw he against the wall . h oh not again , come on guy ... kerkmejian out , get out ! alvarez be there with the medical kit . h tape it up , then leave he . h walk out , follow by kerkmejian and the mp 's . in the hall , he take a tissue and wipe the blood from he hand . 44 , vanderbiden that 's you technique ? you be a fuck joke . fiorini this man must be remove immediately . + h + alright , from now on , no more finger . kerkmejian you think you be go back in there ? quiet man Colonel , have you receive order to stop this man do he work ? kerkmejian no , but I can not ... quiet man then do not get in the way . kerkmejian be stunne . h be by the door of the cell . h ( to alvarez ) tape he mouth . h close the cell door . on the monitor they see alvarez tape younger 's mouth . immediately younger begin to suffocate . alvarez continue to treat the finger , apply a tourniquet and bandage . h Colonel , lose the gorilla . kerkmejian listen , if I be in charge here ... h ( point at younger ) you be not , he be , and we need to change that . kerkmejtan ( to zachary ) I can not ... I will not authorize he to . zachary so let it happen without you authorization . then you be cover , right ? kerkmejian look at she . then decide . kerkmejian they stay right outside the door . h it 's a deal . kerkmejian nod , and the mp 's leave . h return to the cell . 45 . fiorini I do not believe this , that man should be pull out right now . zachary no honey you should . you want to go , that 's fin in the cell , younger writhes in agony as he try to breathe against the tape . h take a scalpel and put a small hole in the tape between younger 's lip . desperately , he suck in a tiny stream of air . it just prolong the agony . h turn to alvarez . h undo this box , and lay out the content on the table , please . alvarez obey . h adjust light , tilt the chair , check the array of swab , instrument , drill , and gadget that look like garden tool . younger writhes more , approach unconsciousness . h you work for I before . remember the chechen girl ? you clean up for I . alvarez that be someone else . h sure it be . you can leave now . alvarez go . h rip the tape from younger 's mouth , and he gulp for air . h pick up a blade , and lean into he face . be you ready for this ? no. no - one ever be . Al you nightmare , you worst fear . they 's be all here . a moment of silence , as h lower the blade . we do not see where . younger look into he eye . this can not be happen . the cut that h make be so smooth , so slow , that he gasp , before experience unimaginable pain . then come the scream . in the basement , kerkmejian , vanderbiden and fiorini can not believe what they be see . charlie and zachary just watch . fiorini oh my God ... kerkmejian get General gunter here right now ! vanderbiden pick up a phone . the scream go on . fiorini this be beyond any legal limit . charlie what limit do you think that bastard have ? 46 . fiorini Colonel , I know the law , military and civilian . we sign the United Nations Convention against torture , the geneva convention ... zachary the law be the military commission Act which say that no unlawful enemy combatant may invoke the geneva convention . the scream go on . fiorini have to shout . fiorini that act declare torture illegal . zachary sure it do , but unlawful combatant have no right to habeas Corpus , which mean they can not bring any claim to court , so how do they prove it ? fiorini no , the mca refer to alien unlawful enemy combatant . he be a american citizen . zachary he be grant citizenship . that be revoke yesterday . he 's a alien . fiorini you can not do that ! charlie ( mimic ) '' you can not do that '' a voice make she turn . quiet man for Chris ’sake there be three ... nuclear ... bomb . you know what that could do to we country ? vanderbiden put down the phone . vanderbiden General gunter say he can not come right now , you be in charge here , so carry on . kerkmejian he say what ? suddenly , h come out of the cell . he nod to alvarez , who go back in . the scream have become whimper . h do we have coffee here ? we need to arrange that . 47 . kerkmejian we could do this we way . we method work . a I agree . CIA technique be the best in the world . so why do not they work with he ? I wonder . h glance at zachary . vanderbiden you do not even question he . h you mean this blood on my coat would be alright , if I get some information ? fiorini you_wo not get any . you do this and he ' 11 say anything you want , and none of it will be true . h you think I do not know that ? fiorini physical torture do not work . h then why have it always be use ? for fun ? fiorini you seem to enjoy it . h I need he to believe I have no limit . fiorini do you ? h everyone have limit . you better pray we reach he , before we reach mine . fiorini this man have break the law . I demand he arrest . if you do not do it I will ! charlie come on , it 's a little persuasion . fiorini there be no such thing as a ' little 's torture . charlie you 'il find the US government disagree with you . 48 . fiorini no . the President have specifically reject the use of torture ... charlie listen , bitch , let 's get this straight . the law be as loose as a horse full of shit . we can do any dam thing we like . fiorini be stunne . h gesture to the quiet man . h let 's ask he . you be the man , be not you ? there 's always a man . direct access , high level , back door , no name , no record . do I have authorization or not ? they all look at the quiet man . quiet man Higher authority believe ... that we should all do what we think be best for we country and its people . h good . so this be how we will operate . one , you will not interrupt I . two , you will not act on anything the subject say until I confirm it . Three , you will remember this . I be on you side . h return to the cell . fiorini turn on the quiet man . fiorini you allow this to continue , you be a party to he do it . ( she turn to kerkmejian ) Colonel , the suspect be in danger , if he die we lose any chance of find the bomb . kerkmejian we do not fail in this mission . stay in and shut up , or get out and do not come back ! fiorini I be make a official complaint right now . zachary Goodbye , agent fiorini . the scream begin again . fiorini turn to look , then leave . int . FBI room , sitcon - later she burst in , and go straight to saunder , who sit with baine in a small office to one side . 49 , fiorini Sir , we have to stop this ! saunder Close the door , fiorini , you report to I , not to the whole room . she close the door and gather herself . fiorini we have to stop they , they be torture ... saunder sit down , please . she sit . baine put a document in front of she . saunder what 's happen down there be clearly illegal . we have prepare you official protest , please sign it . she look at it in disbelief . fiorini you mean , you know ? saunder what do you have for we , fiorini ? : fiorini sir? saunder you interview the suspect again ? fiorini no sir . saunder then why have you leave the room ? fiorini . I can not stay in there while they ... baine agent , we be fight to keep you there . they will not let we replace you , they be hope you will crack . and now you have walk out ? saunder it 's happen , agent , so use it . let this bastard soften he up , then use you skill to ... fiorini soften he up ! 50 . saunder lean in close . saunder we have to be very careful . we can not get in the way of a good result . we be criticize after 9 - 11 , you know how unfair that be . it 's essential that we stay in the game , without be a part of it . fiorini it 's essential we stay true to the constitution . for a moment , saunder let rip . saunder if that bomb go off there be no fuck constitution ! we be that close to martial Law . ( he calm down instantly ) my apology . when h take a break , you get in there . now please sign this protest , and return ... to you duty . he slide the document towards she . she look at it , and at they . int . basement corridor , sitcon - later fiorini walk past winston , towards the steel door . sutton be stand in front of it . sutton ma ’am , you no longer have access . fiorini no , we agree with General gunter ... sutton I have instruction from inside not to let ygo back in . maybe you superior should send in a more experience agent . she think about hit he . she walk away from the door and stop , try to work out what to do . winston be there , a big , hulk m! a Native american with a gentle voice . winston you really want to go back in there ? h come out of the basement . sutton she 's upstairs , sir. h good , thank you . winston follow h as he walk down the corridor , pass fiorini . 51 . h you do not last long . fiorini follow they , and get beside h . they walk fast , along the corridor , up the stair , pass truman , who stand on guard there , and along another corridor . fiorini try to speak calmly . fiorini | there be other technique of interrogation , better one . h torture 's not a technique , it 's a vocation . fiorini that 's what make you special be it ? we secret weapon against the enemy ? h it 's not about '' the enemy '' . it 's about we . we weakness . we be on the lose side , felicity . we be afraid , they be not . we doubt , they believe . h stop . this corridor have a window , with a glass door . he look through it at the garden , a meadow of overgrown brush , and tree . h that 's nice . he walk on , fiorini and winston follow . h we need a army of people like I . we be the only one can match they . fiorini we do not want to . we have value , they be worth something . h oh really , how much ? how many life be we '' value '' worth ? you see , that guy in there be not the problem . you be . int . lobby , sitcon - continuous rina stand in the crowded lobby in she head - scarf and plain clothes , jook out of place , a suitcase and black bag beside she . a mp stand nearby . h go to she . h hello darling , how be you ? agent fiorini , this be my wife , Rina . rina how do you do ? 52 . rina hold out she hand . fiorini be stunne . h look at she . fiorini take the hand . fiorini I be so sorry , how do you do . winston we have a room for you , Sir , this way . h no , we be go outside . h take the case and bag , and lead rina away . winston and fiorini watch they go , then follow . ext . garden , sitcon - later outside the glass door , fiorini and winston watch h and rina , have a picnic under a tree . in they beautiful oasis of green , h lie with he head on rina 's la eat a sandwich . a suitcase be open nearby , with he clothes , eowel ; wash kit , neatly stack . winston shake he head in disbelief . winston this be fuck - up . fiorini decide . she head towards they . rina I bring you the blue pajamas . h lucky if I get to use they . they have guard at the house ? rina the child play with they . a hey , felicity , you want a sandwich ? ( no reaction from fiorini ) okay . ( to rina ) how long do it take to get here ? rina one hour , if no traffic . h that 's too far , darling . rina . no , they drive I , it 's fine . h will you do the sauerkraut for I tomorrow ? and the german sausage ? rina with cream ? 53 . h yes please ! we can not play with it , though . they giggle over this private joke . h we will meet out here , have picnic . ; rina unless it rain . h I do not think so . you think it might ? rina I wish it would . they look up . fiorini too . White cloud , blue sky , beautiful . a chink of metal make she look down . h have open the black bag and take out blade , pincer , clamp . fiorini watch in horror . rina it 's all there , I check . charlie call out from the glass door . charlie h , a word . h sigh , gets_up , and walk to meet charlie . fiorini approach rina , who replace the instrument neatly into the black bag . fiorini you know . you know what he do ... rina of course . fiorini how can you ? you family , you child , you be in the same house with he . '' he 's not normal . rina I lose my first family . in Bosnia . Three man come . they be neighbor , wet ' normal 's . I be rape in front of amily . then they be kill in front of I . all the piece that could be cut off , be cut off . my little boy be last to die . this be ' normal 's man . I be arrest , give to h . he be a good man , I respect he . fiorini he torture people ! you '' respect '' he ? 54 . rina you do not '' love '' such a man . Love be easy . respect , that be hard . duty be har courage be hard . fiorini but torture be not hard ? rina yes , it be very hard . he know how far he will have to go . you Americans be so soft . but you will learn . you time be come . h approach . a you two make friend ? fiorini they be not let I back in , I need to question the suspect . the three of they freeze for a moment . the torturer , he wife , and the agent . h nod he head . h take that for I ? he push the black bag at fiorini , and embrace rina . h i’1ll take the sandwich in . see you tomorrow , darling . he pick up the sandwich , the case , and he coat , and walk to the glass door . fiorini follow he , carry the black bag . fiorini you be go to let I in ? a sure , I need you . when I work , I do not ask question . that 's not what I do . that 's what you do . fiorini I be not go to help you . h * the way I see it , I help you . int . the basement - moment later fiorini enter the basement . the observer see she be carry he black bag . h follow she in . zachary be you crazy ? 55 . h I know the FBI be a anti-government agency full of atheist liberal , but I ink we should let she work . ( to fiorini ) go ahead , make it quick . fiorini enter the cell for the first time , and be shocked at what she see . younger be naked , but the wound on he body be carefully dress . he hang by he wrist from a rope attach to a pulley in the ceiling . his foot cannot touch the ground . he be in pain . there be chain hang from the ceilin hook in the wall , table laid out with instrument , water ling : with drip faucet , drain set into the tile floor . fiorini Jesus Christ ... younger look at she . she unty the rope from a cleat on the wall , and lower younger in a heap to the floor . younger thank you . fiorini yusuf , you be a brave man . but he 's not go . to sto ) why be you let he do t be ? younger why be you let he do this ? fiorini you friend at the mosque . you family . do you want to impress they with this ? you wife be liberal , be not she . this will not impress she . younger yes it will . have you find she yet ? fiorini yusuf , we be go to find this bomb . you talk to I , maybe we could make this easy ? otherwise that bastard 's go to keep on at you . younger I be prepare for that . fiorini yusuf , I can not believe you want to hurt innocent woman and child ... younger wo not come to that . they will agree to my demand . fiorini God dam it , you have not make any demand . 56 . younger do not swear . God hear you . he see everything . he know I be right . fiorini give I one of the bomb . just one . give I proof . younger you do not want proof . fiorini then they 'il listen to you , yusuf , they 's 1l know you be serious . younger Tuesday . that happen on Tuesday . fiorini what happen ? h enter , with alvarez , who immediately pull the rope and hoist younger up again . h time 's up . fiorini wait ! ( to younger ) you have to help I to help you . h pick up a electric prod . h you can stay if you like . younger I do not need you help . I can take it . I deserve it . fiorini what ? h immediately apply the prod . younger shriek . fiorini run to the door , fumble with it , rush to get out . in the basement , she come face to face with zachary . zachary agent , I do not care what you FBI people be say . you need to get out while you still can . fiorini you have like that , would not you . whatever happen here , you will be hold accountable for this . zachary and you think you will not be ? 57 . int . FBI room , sitcon - later fiorini and she inner team in the busy FBI room . jackson we still do not have the ex-wife or the kid . fiorini he really care about they , we have to bring they in . jackson her father be cooperative . but we can not find she mother yet . she 's on vacation , they be outdoors people , they hike in the wood . fiorini then we search every dam tree . Vince , go back into he parent , put on the pressure . okay be be a good team , something 's gotta break , keep on it . the team break up , as baine call across from a phone . oo , baine fiorini , conference room . fiorini I will be right there . fiorini put the file on she desk into a briefcase . vincent why can not the rest of we see this guy , fliss ? what 's go on in there ? fiorini I be not allow to tell you . vincent I will have to guess then , will not I . just remember whose team you be on , okay ? fiorini be about to respond , but can it . she walk away . int . conference room , sitcon - later general gunter seat himself at the head of the table , saunder beside he . the observer be here : kerkmejian , zachary , fiorini , charlie , vanderbiden , and the quiet man sit to one side . gunter no note will be take at this meeting . Colonel , you be in charge of the intérrogation process . kerkmejian be on he guard at once . 58 . kerkmejian I be not sure if that 's true , Sir . you know what 's happen down there ... gunter I do not need detail , just result . charlie ; no result , as yet . he 's work . saunder I demand once again that you allow FBI full access ... gunter you method will not work on he , h lead , you assist , decision be make . saunder then I recommend we evacuate every city and large town in the USA . saunder vanderbiden we be not go to get he to that 's impossible , evacuate 200 talk this way ... million people ? saunder zachary this technique be illegal and you be just cover you ass in will not be effective . case it all go to hell . gunter can we get on ? you have a report ? fiorini the suspect appear to have a timetable . under my question he reveal that some event will take place Tuesday . this suggest he have a active accomplice on the outside . fiorini take a photograph from a folder . fiorini Alia mustafa . younger 's female cousin , on he mother 's side . since younger embrace fundamentalism , they have attend the same mosque , have the same circle of associate , all of whom have be take in - except she . she take out a family photo of younger , jean younger , and two kid . jean be a good-look , outdoors girl , blonde hair . fiorini we be still look for Jean Wilson , the ex-wife , and they child . we have she father , who say that relation between younger and Jean be bad . we also have he parent . zachary where be they ? 59 . fiorini glare at gunter . fiorini they be in military custody , but we be interview they . they be in the zoo . int . the zoo , sitcon - later gunter , zachary , vanderbiden and charlie follow fiorini down a wide corridor . one - way glass on each side , with hold room behind it . fiorini they have room to relax in , but we bring they out every few hour . this be she father . she flick a switch . inside holding room ' a' , jackson be conduct a interview with mister wilson . mister wilson we do not like it that he be in the Army . we be anti-war , always have be . but he chase she so hard , she just fall for he . jackson do he talk about religion ? mister wilson we have nothing against he be Muslim , until he try to force it down Jean 's throat . she get scared of he , we all do . he refuse a divorce , try to take the kid to Pakistan . jackson to he mother 's family ? mister wilson yeah . God , she be a bitch . you know what she ... in the corridor , fiorini switch the speaker off , and walk on . fiorini he 's right about that . this be younger 's parent . and she be a piece of work . inside holding room ' b’ , mister younger be short , fat american . his wife be a tall , elegant pakistani . vincent ask question . vincent so why do not you come forward when you see he picture ? mister younger we do not have television . 60 . vincent that 's right ; you convert , take you wife 's religion ? mister younger that 's the tenth time you ask I . when do I see my lawyer ? vincent you be suspect of give material supp port to a know terrorist . the itary can hold you until they gecide if they want a tribunal . mister younger you call this America ? vincent so will you speak to he , ask he where this bomb be ? mister younger look , I will talk to he , but ... vincent not you . her . mrs . younger whatever my son have do , he have do because he believe it to be for the best . he be a man of absolute principle . absolute belief . I will not speak to he unless he ask for I . in the corridor , gunter turn on they . gunter you be not get anything from this people , be you . fiorini which be why I need more time with the prisoner ... gunter we get four day . we do not have time . int . the basement - noon , tuesday fiorini enter the basement . it be strangely quiet , and she look around she . kerkmejian be write a report . the quiet man read a newspaper . zachary work on a paptop ; alvarez read a trashy nove vanderbiden sleep , look like a train wreck . charlie relax with he foot up . fiorini realize that the sound on the monitor be turn off . all she hear be a faint , muffle scream through the wall of the cell . on the monitor she see younger 's body , thrashing about , rack with electric shock . fiorini his wife be here . 61 . charlie push a button . in the cell , a red light flash . fiorini you really think you be go to get answer this way ? zachary you think you be ? charlie | agent , we be defend democracy here . fiorini by destroy what it stand for ? h come out into the basement . he hold a switch box on a cable , which he plug into a socket . charlie Rina 's upstairs . h that 's nice . do not turn off the sound , people , you do not have to watch but you do have to listen . h_turn on the sound at the monitor . he peel off some latex glove . he remove he bloodstain lab coat and fold it neatly . he turn to alvarez . a turn the light low in there , then take a brea one hour . okay , Colonel ? alvarez look surprised . kerkmejian okay . you talk to no -one . alvarez turn down the light in the cell , and leave . fiorini I be go in . h no , let he rest . fiorini God dam it , I need to question he ! h give he ten minute . the adrenaline go , he will start weep . that 's when you go in , not before . but if he fall asleep , press that button . it will give he a little shock , keep he awake . fiorini kerkmejian you be denve my access to the wait a minute , he 's vour | prisoner . responsibility , we can not just ... 62 . h I need a break , if he weep , talk to he , if he sleep , zap he , simple . fiorini when you method fail , do not think you can run away from this . h you think I want to run away ? ( to zachary ) tell she . I get nowhere to run , have I ? ( to fiorini ) go ahead , ask the fuck CIA ! ask er ! h stomp out . a beat . fiorini turn to zachary . fiorini alright , what be I suppose to ask ? zachary sigh . zachary there be a girl . she be daughter of a chechen leader . twenty - four , good look '' we need name . the Press get hold of it . some idiot who no onger have he job make a mistake , blame a rogue interrogator - h . fiorini you give he name out ? and now the chechen want to kill he ? zachary well , after what he do ... fiorini go on . zachary usual stuff at first , like this . then he have she rape . use the local jail . twenty - four hour , one after another . that be just the beginning . fiorini and do it work ? zachary you have become like everyone else . '' that 's terrible '' , they say . '' but do it work ? '' charlie he 's fall asleep . kerkmejian what ? 63 . charlie he 's asleep . vanderbiden oh God , we need h back in here . zachary push the dam button . vanderbiden that would be direct intervention , and I be not ... zachary the bastard 's not suppose to sleep ! charlie fiorini , why do not you do it ? kerkmejian I 'il do it kerkmejian stand beside the switch , he finger poise . they watch he . he push the switch . immediatély the darken cell be light up with spark , as younger 's body arch into the air in agony . vanderbiden that 's enough . turn it off ! kerkmejian flick the switch repeatedly . nothing . fiorini turn it off ! kerkmejian I can not ! zachary oh God , it 's kill he . kerkmejian rip the wire from the switch - box . no effect . they all rush for the door of the cell . inside the cell , younger be arched upwards '' shaking . there be cable all over the floor . one be pull from a socket . no effect . kerkmejian where be it ? where the fuck be it ? they search desperately for the socket . kerkmejian try to pull the cable from younger 's body . he electrocute himself . kerkmejian shit ! suddenly the current shut off . smoke and stench . younger twitches on the table , and look into fiorini 's eye , plead . 64 . ext . garden , sitcon - moment later fiorini come out of the glass door . truman be on guard there . she walk fast , straight to the tree . there , h and rina sit together watch a dvd of katie and peter . h hold a cell - phone , a small teddy bear , and a child 's painting . h sweetheart , that 's so kind of you . fiorini you bastard ! h cover the phone , as the dvd play on with child 's voice . h would you mind ? ( to the phone ) yeah I be watch xou right now , mummy bring the dvd . no Peter send baby bear to see I , will you thank he ? listen I have to go , mummy will be back soon . I love you darling . yes you can turn it off . bye honey , bye . ( he turn off the phone ) current run for 15 second , he 's fine . fiorini you fix it . you be play with we , you ... you all try to save he , do not you . I want he to see that . fiorini be you go to find this fuck bomb ? h no , you be . I be just part of the process . ( to rina ) see you tomorrow . h turn off the dvd player , and pick it up , with a bag of disc . he take he wrap sandwich , touch rina 's shoulder , and go . rina my husband need you . i_am jealous , I wish I could help he . if he fail , it will be bad , yes ? fiorini turn she back and walk away . int . corridor to the basement - moment later fiorini reach the steel door , where winston now stand guard . fiorini soldier , you have cover you name tag . 65 . winston I do not want anyone here to know my name . what you be do in there , be it right ? fiorini no . winston be it necessary ? fiorini cannot answer . Inside , the scream begin again . winston no limit to what a democracy must do to protect itself . fiorini I guess . winston you actually believe that shit ? fiorini look at he . she take a deep breath , then go inside . int . the basement - continuous what fiorini now see on the monitor be the worst thing she have ever see . fiorini oh no ... as the continuous scream of unspeakable agony echo around she , fiorini try not to retch . vanderbiden get up . vanderbiden I can not do this , I should not be here . charlie oh no , homeland Security be leave we . what if there 's a hurricane ? vanderbiden hurry out of the door . fiorini confront zachary . fiorini alright , that 's it . I demand to be allow to question the prisoner . if you refuse , I will hold you personally responsible ... the voice of h call over the speaker . h ( on speaker ) felicity ! felic ...ity ! would you come in here 's please ? I need a little help . fiorini be horrify . 66 . zachary look like you get you chance . in the cell , younger be strapped to the chair , he wrist tie down . h use a plastic sheet to cover he body and he hand . he sit . fiorini come in , very slowly . he beckon she closer . h just here . she move closer , then see a blood - soak bowl of human fingernails . she retch . h put a cloth over the bowl . h oh , sorry . fiorini what do you want I to do ? h what be you willing to do ? look at she , yusut . look at miss America . if she could get you to talk , that really would be something , would not it ? younger breathes harder , pull against he restraint . a oh. look at that . __.fiorini now you listen , I be not ... a you any good at massage ? it would be very helpful . she can not believe what he be ask . h no , not I - he . his neck muscle be in spasm . please ? he need a break . she walk slowly around the chair . she put she hand on younger 's neck . he flinch . she start to massage . h mind if I play some music ? h turn on he dvd player . it be haydn 's '' surprise '' symphony . it start softly , then later it burst into life . h pop a pill . h you want one of this , keep you go ? fiorini shake she head . he move close to she , drop a couple of pill in the pocket of she blouse . 67 . h take some for later . go as deep as you can , he 's block the pain , I do not want to lose sensitivity right now . she realize he reason for do this , and pull away . h do not stop . you be ease he pain . she start again . h be very close to she . a some subject can take it from a male , but a woman just crack they up . I have a nurse who use to assist I . fiorini be about to speak , but stop herself . a she must have be as sick as I be , right ? that 's why I marry she . fiorini look at he . h do Rina tell you what happen to she family ? fiorini nod . she continue the massage . she tell total stranger sometimes . it 's embarrassing . her people take the village back the next day . they capture the three man responsible , and they family . she kill the wife , and the child , in front of the man . she then torture they for three day . just when we troops arrive , she kill they . the army ut she in jail , but they need a avor , so they pass she on to I . we Americans be wonderful . so man moral , absolutely no ethic . Rina and I be a good team . she could help I now , but she have to look after the child . take they to school , tuck they up , kiss they good night ... younger break into heaving sob . h that 's what I want ! e pull the cloth aside , and immediately apply pincer to one of younger 's fingernails . fiorini move back so fast she hit the dvd player on the table , stop the music . younger scream , and so do fiorini , hysterically . fiorini no ! stop it , stop it , stop it ! 68 . younger turn to she in agony . younger please ? she get as close to younger 's face as she can bear . fiorini I can stop he , but you have to talk to I . you have to give I something ! younger I will talk . please , I will talk , I nil talk ! h stop , and turn to fiorini with a big smile . h good girl ... in the basement , the observer be stunne . they stand and watch younger , as he strain to speak . younger i_am now willing ... to make a statement of my term ... to the President and people of America . charlie oh crap . int . FBI room , sitcon - day fiorini be back with she team . fiorini I want a full psychological report , voice analysis on every word he say . we need to compare this with every piece of video we have . and we ask or the security camera tape of he arrest , why the hell do not we have it ? vincent I will track it down . the team break up as saunder approach . saunder he 's ready . we have a live feed in the conference room . fiorini I ' 1ll get down there . saunder you get he to talk . at last . fiorini avoid he eye . 69 . fiorini Sir , I do not know if it be I ... saunder you do well , fiorini . fiorini thank you , sir. int . the basement , sitcon - minute later fiorini enter . the observer watch the monitor , in the cell younger be strapped to the chair , in a fresh shirt , and woollen hat , a blanket over he body . alvarez stand close " py . sutton have frame a camera just on he 's face . charlie this is_a waste of time . we put he in front of a camera let a break that 's what he teese now he will offer we a deal , we consider it , more time . fiorini that 's crap . if he talk at all , that 's progress . and we do not make deal with terrorist . a we do it every day . and they always ask the impossible . bomb Israel , elect a homosexual president , stop kill animal . charlie he will say he 's be torture , we will deny it , he will want a broadcast , we will refuse it , he 'il make crazy demand , and we will reject they . what 's the goddam point ? the monitor now show the close - up of younger 's face . sutton ( 0.s. ) okay , you can speak anytime . in the basement , the observer watch the video feed , as younger speak , slow but clear , get better as he go on . younger mister President ... I be currently be hold on charge of terrorism . I be Muslim , but I ama loyal american , I love my wife ... ( he choke up ) I love my kid , I love my country since my capture , I have be well treat by the splendid man and woman of we armed force and police . charlie what the fuck ... 70 . younger I do not require you to broadcast this statement . that would set a dangerous precedent . I have place three bomb in three american city . I will reveal they location when you make the follow three public announcement . first , that no further financial support will be give to puppet regime and dictatorship in any Islamic nation . second , that the US will withdraw all we force , from all Islamic country . third , that the US will sign the Kyoto protocol on global warming . h can not believe what he be hearing . younger I be here for you , and available to egotiate a reasonable time - frame for all of this demand . mister President , I greatly admire you , I know you want to stop waste taxpayer 's money support murderer . I know you want to ring we boy home to the nation that we love . thank you , and God bless America . the observer be stunne . quiet man we be in trouble . int . conference room , sitcon - later the room as_ before , but this time with h present , he head sink in he hand . everyone talk at once , shouting each other down . vanderbiden kerkmejian we can not give in to terrorist ! I be say we could persuade he we be willing to consider ... . fiorini kerkmejian he do not ask for a broadcast , ... be see to be work do not you see what that mean ? towards he objective . fiorini if this be release to the public he know we could never make a deal with he . he want to negotiate ! ; zachary . negotiate ! be you out of you mind ? gunter he 's crazy . Islamic terrorist do not give a shit about global warming . fiorini he 's try to impress he wife . 71 . saunder by explode three nuke ? gunter alright , so what do we advise the White House ? a take the deal . vanderbiden no ! h his term be reasonable , achievable , and the american people would agree with they . gunter which be why y you can be dam sure they will not get to hear they . h well maybe they should . gunter you two , on I please . gunter , saunder and zachary huddle around the quiet . man and talk privatély . the other be leave out . h look wipe out h Charlie , do something . we be run out of time . charlie that 's what you want . h what ? charlie less time . believe I , that 's what you want . fiorini look at they both - what be that about ? fiorini you guy be whipped , be not you . h Excuse I ? fiorini you be not go to break he . h we will find some little key that fit he lock . 72 . fiorini you x11 kill he first . charlie if he want to be a martyr , he will be . he know how this be go to end . fiorini / / what do you mean ? this man be go to face trial . h felicity ... how could they prosecute a man with no fingernails ? fiorini be shocked . gunter come out of the huddle . gunter alright , pend further consultation , I believe we can assume that the current protocol of interrogation continue until otherwise direct by higher authority . ih in other word , you want I to go on , without tell I to go on . right ? h stand . fiorini leave the room , fast . int . the basement - moment later fiorini enter the cell . younger be still dress for he video . fiorini yusuf ...how be it ? his voice be weak , but he be strangely calm . younger I be fine . I be feel just fine . fiorini yusuf , you_could make a deal . you get this people cold . they can not take you to court , do not you see ? not like this . they can not admit what they do . you can get out of this . you give we you accomplice , you tell we where he bomb be , we put you on a flight to Pakistan . younger with my kid ? fiorini they 'il negotiate . no - one outside know this ever happen . give we the bomb , you could be free ! h enter , with alvarez . 73. h he do not want to be free . do not you et it , fiorini . he put himself here , e know what we would do to he . fiorini that 's bullshit . h the only thing he be not expect be I . fiorini yusuf , tell I where the bomb be . make the deal ! younger the bomb ... will explode if my term be not meet . but they will be . no other choice . you have to tell they that , fiorini ... h_ jam a gag into younger 's mouth , and pull he blanket aside . alvarez prepare some clamp . younger gag , eye stare in fear . a you really do not want to be here for be . fiorini leave . in the basement , she head for the door , as on the monitor younger begin a agonizing scream . zachary call after she . zachary you have no authority to make any kind of deal with that man ! int . FBI room , sitcon - evening of the FOURTH day fiorini , fight exhaustion , pace as she talk with she inner team . a board with a map of the world lean against a chair , with mark and string of tape all over it . leonard CIA be liaise with foreign intelligence source . we get he in Yemen , Pakistan , Russia , all over . he use several passport , he_ get sloppy , leave trace all over the place . fiorini can we put he and the nuclear material together at any time ? leonard there 's a ton of circumstantial . the Russians do not know exactly .. 74 . fiorini he have fifteen , eighteen pound of it . that 's not easy to transport . leonard he have a lot of money . paid somebody for something . fiorini sure , but for what ? we need to know where he spend it ? deejay ? another board go up - a map of the USA , with just a few marker . jackson not so good . he come back in through New York , we have he there , Washington , Chicago . and one sighting in Dallas . that be phil. fiorini phil ? phillip I figure he have need a truck , I get a room full of people check every rental agency . we get lucky with one of he aliase . fiorini okay , keep drive it on , deejay , you push on that bank transfer . the meeting break up . fiorini that 's good work , phil . do not let they rush you . detail , you be good at that . phillip but they get so much on they map , how come we get nothing on ours ? phillip go . fiorini stop . she look at the two map . then she look around she , at the room full of urgent chaos . vincent come in , hold up a tape . vincent the tape you want . younger 's arrest . time CUT to later . fiorini watch a grainy tape , of younger walk into a mall . he look around , and then sit on a bench . fiorini how long do he sit there ? vincent twenty - three minute , Security tell the cop , they come in to get he . she hurry 75 . fiorini he walk in , he look around , he sit directly in front of a security camera , and he stay there for twenty - three minute . my God . h be right . over to saunder and baine . fiorini Sir , have you see that map ? saunder yes , what be it ? fiorini everything | here be laid out for we . his house be like a stage set , with just enough nuclear residue . he have traceable link with terrorist contact . he travel the world , we can follow every step : but he come back home , he cover he track like a pro . saunder so ? fiorini we have no direct evidence that he possess nuclear material . baine except a video with three bomb on it . fiorini and he know how to make they look just right , do not he . he 's a clever guy . so clever he get himself catch the day after he send in the video ? ( she point to the monitor ) he sit in a mall . his picture be everywhere , include | on the tv in that store , right behind he . saunder Intelligence have no doubt . he have the time , the mean , the capability , the contact , the finance ... fiorini when intelligence agency look for conspiracy , the ind they . we look for evidence - and we do not have it . baine what be this ? fiorini some guy wave a toy gun in the air and force we to shoot he . suicide by Police . what about torture by government ? 76 . baine so he get himself capture so we could torture he . he be prepare for that , be he ? be that what you be say ? fiorini stop cold . thought racing through she head . fiorini no . that 's what he say . '' I be prepare '' , that 's what he say . I need to get back in there . she hurry out . int . the basement , sitcon - moment later in the cell , younger be choke . he be on the chair , he mouth stretch open by a metal contraption . h be work on he tooth . fiorini enter , and try hard not to retch . h we agree I be not to be interrupt . fiorini I need to speak to he . h you will have you chance later ... fiorini get that fuck ghang out of he mouth and leave this room ! h look at she . suddenly he unhook and remove the contraption from younger 's mouth . h sure . he 's all yours . h stroll out of the cell . younger blubber like a child , all blood , tear and snot . fiorini move behind he . she talk softly , close to he ear , caress he hair . fiorini just we now . I know , yusuf . I know about the bomb . you be very skilful . you can fake up a nuke for a video , right ? you leave a great trail for we . but no evidence . younger no . the bomb be real ... fiorini alright , give I one . go on , prove it , give I just one . younger you do not want I to give you proof . please , make they see , they have to agree to my term ... fiorini nobody believe you , yusuf , they 'ri only do this crap because they want you accomplice . if the bomb be real , then give I one ! younger do not ask I for proof ... fiorini then they 'il know the other be real . they be ready to crack , they 's 1l give ou what you want . you would be suc ero , you wife would come back , you kid would love you . you let yourself be capture . you know what they might do . and they do it . younger be weep uncontrollably . younger I ... I will not ... fiorini but you do one better . you prove that we be exactly the kind of people you say we be . look what they do to ou . you be a hero . you be the ravest man I know . but it 's over now . there be no bomb . be there ? younger no . no . there never be ... 77 . younger weep in despair , let it all out . suddenly , fiorini want to throw up . she control it . younger there be no bomb . I just want my wife , my kid , please , there be no bomb ! fiorini why do you let he go on , you could have tell I anytime . younger gasp , then break again . younger because I deserve it . I fuck up so bad . my wife , my religion , my country . I be so sorry . fiorini the nuclear material , you have any ? younger couple of ounce . I make the bomb , there be nothing in they . 78 . fiorini where do you shoot the video ? no , do not tell they , just I . whisper it in my ear . she take out a pen and paper , and with tremble hand , write a address as he whisper it . then she show it to younger . fiorini be that right ? younger yes . please do not let he hurt I anymore . please . younger weep . she leave . in the basement , the observer stare at fiorini , as she pick up a phone and punch in a number . she stare back at they . fiorini it be a hoax . a goddam hoax . I be go to nail you people to the wall . ( to the phone ) Sir , I need a helicopter . ext . grainger STREET , WASHINGTON D.C. - day a Washington street be cordon off by police . incident truck be there . a helicopter land , vincent and fiorini head for deputy Chief berman , busy give order . they shout over the noise . vincent hi Fred , this be agent fiorini . berman ( to fiorini ) berman , deputy Chief . fiorini so what do we have ? berman hazmat be still in there . it 's huge , a rabbit warren . we get to go slow , we be check for mine , booby trap . fiorini there will not be any . vincent . we can not be sure of that , you take you time . berman we intend to . int . grainger STREET , WASHINGTON D.C. - later fiorini and vincent move through a huge , derelict warehouse , now teeming with operative , some in radiation suit . dog be sniff every corner . Metal detector and radiation counter scan 79 . every room . Doors be break in . partition wall be smashed through . duct and grille inspect , elevator shaft check . fiorini be a ball of nervous energy . vincent fliss , you better calm down . fiorini he make we do it . we go right along with he . vincent we have no choice . fiorini we have a choice not to torture he . berman ( on radio ) on the roof , something on the roof ! ext . roof of grainger STREET , WASHINGTON d.c . - moment later on the roof , berman be wait . fiorini and vincent arrive . berman what the hell be this ? stuck to a access panel be a photograph of younger . written neatly across it be one word . '' Tuesday '' . vincent he say something would happen today . fiorini yes . vincent he want we up here . why ? fiorini I do not know . vincent stand up and look around . vincent shit . quite a view . fiorini he be tell the truth . I know it , I be absolutely sure . vincent no , fliss . he want spectator . he want we to have the best seat in the house . they look at each other . behind fiorini 's head , a mile away , a massive , silent fireball . a second later , the shock wave hit she from behind . she turn , slowly , to see ... 80 . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. STREET - minute later the burn rubble of a building , thick smoke . injured people on the street , scream , other help they , more run towards they . siren in the distance . a car screech to_a halt , fiorini and vincent get out , and survey the catastrophe . fiorini see a smashed sign on the round . '' grainger Street junior School '' . she walk on the pile of rubble . vincent fliss , we get to get back . agent fiorini ! fiorini stop . she see a small hand , stick out of the debris . int . the basement , sitcon - later h_and the observer sit in the basement . fiorini enter fast . her clothes be soile with dust , and she shirt be soak with blood . she go straight into the cell . kerkmejian hey , wait ... in the cell , she stand , in extreme distress , in front of younger , still strapped to he chair . h enter quietly . fiorini how could you do this ? how could you ? younger I be go to warn you . but you want proof , and I need a break . I can hold out now . fiorini it be a school . a school full of child . younger that 's you fault . God love they , they be martyr , all martyr ... fiorini a hundred of they . a hundre little body blown to piece ! fiorini grab a surgical knife . she hold it in younger 's face , b and point at she oody shirt . . fiorini h there be a little girl , six be you go to use it ? go on , year old ... this be she . this miss America , you cut he , just be where she die . she want cut he . do it ! she mommy ! he pull the sheet from younger 's chest . she hold the blade over he , strain every nerve . she want to cut he , so much . 81 . h go on , you can do it ... she push the blade into he chest , ready to slice downward . fiorini where be that bomb ? where be that fucking bomb ? younger lean forward , venom in he eye , push onto the blade . younger do it , cunt ! do it ! she pull out the blade , and back away , while younger shout . younger I love my country , you people crap on it . I love my religion , you people spit on it . I love my wife , you people poison she against I . I love my child and you bastard take they away from I . you think I be go to weep over fifty kid ? you people kill that number every day ! fiorini back away , in deep shock . younger rave on , as she stumble out of the cell , and then out of the basement . int . corridor to the basement - continuous fiorini stagger out of the steel door and lean against the wall . winston be there . saunder and baine be hurry down the corridor towards she . saunder what the hell be happen ? baine we need you report , goddam it ! Christ ... he freeze , ieok | down at she hand . she look too . she still hold the blade , thick with blood . winston look like you join the team . ext . park in baltimore - afternoon , wednesday Sunshine , and tree wave in the breeze . fiorini walk in the park , wear sunglass . jogger , couple , a vendor sell soda , a dog walker . such a normal day . then she see a couple on a bench , with shocked face , read about the school bomb . a childish yell , and three kid roll down a grass bank , '' die '' all the way . they land at fiorini 's foot . fiorini walk on a bridge across a small river . she stop to lean on the parapet , and look down at the water . a voice beside she . 82. sutton agent fiorini , we need you to get in the car . sutton be beside she . she look behind she . a black minivan with tinted window be pull up at the kerb , door open . int / ext . limousine in baltimore park - moment later fiorini get into the back seat of the car , beside saunder . facing she be zachary and charlie . sutton get in the front and the car drive away . for a moment , nobody speak . what be this ? saunder I have give control of you investigation to supervisor baine . but we need you back in . fiorini stare at he . saunder younger get a eo en? ticket in Dallas . you philli 's mr ace the address . they ound a . it 's a real one . it 's nuclear , ae and a half pound , time to explode Friday 1 pm Eastern . two day . be be well - hide , we will not find the other two . zachary agent fiorini , I have to tell you something . CIA run a course for extreme interrogation . we teach people how to do it , how to resist it . we make a bad mistake . younger take the course . we train he . fiorini what ? zachary that 's why we own technique will not work on he . that 's why we need h . we profile every subject and select the right interrogator . h be the right guy . charlie he 's the only guy - but he will not go on . he will not wor . fiorini I be sure you will find someone else . charlie no- one else do what h do . fiorini he 's a torturer , the world be full of they . you guy train most of they . 83. charlie that be not the thing he do . fiorini so what the hell do he do ? zachary h be undiscipline , unstable , he 's crazy , but he get result when no - one else can . we do not have anyone else . and he absolutely refuse to work ... without you . int . corridor to the basement - day fiorini walk towards the steel door , zachary and charlie behind she . winston be there , and h , slump on the floor , lean against the wall . he be tremble slightly . from inside the basement come the sound of splashes , and muffle choke . h I hit a wall . it happen sometimes . never to I . I want to show you something . h go inside the basement . fiorini and the other follow . int . the basement , sitcon - continuous kerkmejian and the quiet man watch they enter . h point at the monitor . in the cell , lubitchich and alvarez be hold one end of a long board into a tank of water . younger be strapped to it , upside down , he head under water . he writhes and jerk . a '' water-board '' . be not that great ? that be a approve CIA technique , we teach it throughout the civilized world . and it 's legal , you can try it at home , fun for all the family . but it 's not go to work with he . they watch as _ the board be tip upright . younger vomit water , cough he lung out . zachary be you back in or not ? h that 's up to she . they all look at fiorini . what be this ? fiorini if you want I to help you , I be not go to do that . h no , I do not want that . 84. fiorini you want I to say what you be do be good ? be that it ? well I be not do that either . zachary for God 's sake , fiorini ! quiet man that man be a murderer . he 's just one twisted , pervert guy . fiorini and he 's the right guy , and that make it easy do not it ? be it right to torture he if we save a million life ? or a thousand ? a hundred ? just one ? you want I to pick a number that make what you do okay ? h you need to answer that , felicity . I do not . fiorini then what do you want ? a I want you to say ... snoth - I want to walk to that door , go inside , and start my work again . just watch I go . but if you tell I to stop ... I will . i’1l stop . slowly , h walk towards the door of the cell . he walk , look back at fiorini as he go . he walk ... fiorini open she mouth . she know she should speak . she must speak . but she do not . h get to the door . he turn , and look at she . he pop a pill in he mouth , smile at she , and go in . fiorini be aware of the other look at she . fiorini what do he want from I ? they watch on the monitor as lubitchich and alvarez leave the cell . h pick up some pincer . younger brace himself . h okay , pal . the glove be off . a ear - pierce scream , repeat again and again . fiorini breathes hard , forcin erself to watch . the phone ring , kerkmejian answer . fiorini take a pill from she pocket , and swallow it . kerkmejian fiorini ? he hand the phone to she . zachary see she face as she listen . 85 . fiorini I be on my way . fiorini run for the door . int . lobby , sitcon - later fiorini , walk fast as phillip fill she in . phillip we have a trace on the wife 's e-mail . someone send she the text of younger 's statement , congratulation , God be great , you husband have do what he promise int . FBI room , sitcon - continuous they swing in to the FBI room , now frantic with activity . saunder be there . fiorini come face to face with baine . fiorini , I be ready to help in any way I can , Sir . a moment between they . baine the e-mail come from a internet cafe in Baltimore . we have agent take statement . Vincent and a swat team be on they way . leonard shout from he phone . leonard it be a woman , Sir , Middle Eastern appearance . she park right outside , e lock two small kid in the car , owner say she should not do that . saunder he see the car ? leonard Red Taurus , damage to the right side . baine all point , every cop in the city on the street , we find that car ! we have fe get the " wife , what do we have on er ? fiorini politically active , environmentalist , no record . but she hate he , they get divorced . saunder maybe he arrange that , like he do every other dam thing . 86 . fiorini her father ... it be he , he say she hate he . I ’mon it . phil ! int . the zoo , holding room ' a' , sitcon - later mister wilson , with phillip and fiorini . she be give a great performance . fiorini Sir , I just do not know what to do , we have to find she ! mister wilson I tell you I do not know ! phillip Sir , they can_lock you up , legally , for ever , no lawyer , no access , no - one will even know you be here . mister wilson I know my rights . phillip under the new law , you do not have any rights . nor do you daughter . fiorini we have to find she first . if they find she , they 'il shoot she on sight mister wilson you can not do that ! fiorini it 's not we , it 's they . they 's be out of control ! they think she 's a accomplice to terrorism - they can do anything . where be she ? mister wilson I be tell not to say . in case they find the kid ... I mean ... younger 's a killer . fiorini | she 's get the kid with she ? mister wilson yes ...no . I do not know ... fiorini oh my God , they could all be kill . where be she ? int . FBI room , sitcon - moment later fiorini hurry in , phillip in she wake . 87. fiorini the wife go to Eureka Springs , Arkansas . camp trip . she have the kid with she . saunder I 'il get a team on it . saunder pick up a phone . baine talk into a speakerphone , as other Agents gather round he . fiorini what 's happen ? jackson we find the car . outside a house in fredericksburg . ; baine ( to phone ) ; Vincent , we must get this woman alive . be everybody aware of that ? ext . house in fredericksburg - continuous vincent and the swat team be behind cover along the street from a suburban house , with a red Taurus park outside . vincent ( on phone ) they know it , sir. understood . ( to swat leader ) good to go. to a FBI agent ) keep this line open . he hand over the phone to the agent , as the swat leader speak into he headset . the Radio crackle with voice . on a cherry - picker near the house , a repairman work on telephone wire . Hidden inside he raise platform , a agent with a rifle . on the corner , a black dude eat a ice-cream with he girl . inch away , two swat officer lie on the ground , weapon ready . on the roof of the house , a officer in climb gear . he signal to the repairman , point to a area of the house below he . at the front door , lie down , a swat officer with a blast gun . swat leader ( on radio ) go go go ! instantly vincent and other officer run from cover towards _ the house . the black dude and he girl draw weapon and run along the side fence . the officer on the ground get up and join vincent as they run towards the front door . two second before they get to it , the man with the blast gun shoot out the lock . int . fredericksburg house - continuous they smash through the front door . the first swat Officer gather up two child in the front room , as vincent and the other turn 88 . into the next room . there they see a woman and child , and aim they weapon . the child scream . vincent don ’t move ! keep still ! the child , hysterical with fear , clutches the woman . aliah mustafa imshi ! imshi ! she push he away hard . she run to a drawer and open it . vincent run to she , halt gtrip over the scream child , and grab she from behind . '' put she on the floor , as the child be sweep away by a Officer . e be double up , she arm beneath she . vincent show I you hand , you hand ! he roll she over and struggle to pull out she hand . she be hold a grenade . aliah mustafa Allah ‘u akbar ! a explosion blow they both to piece . int . FBI room , sitcon - continuous the room be silent , as they listen to the explosion . baine shit . fiorini 's face . she allow herself one gasp of grief . then she swallow it . ext . mountain near eureka spring - dawn , thursday a blonde woman sit at the open flap of a small tent . beside she , aman lie asleep . she drink coffee , listen to loud music on she mp3 headphone , and look out at the beautiful view . suddenly the tent be blow about , then rip to shred as if by a bomb . they turn around to see the helicopter , now foot away from they and roaring with a impossibly | loud noise . the downdraft whip they face . fully armed soldier jump down from the skid , gun point , yetling at they . they drag they bodily towards the helicopter as it touch down . jean wilson scream and scream . int . corridor outside the zoo , sitcon - day h be angry . he be pace , shouting , completely wire now . h this be total ... fucking ... stupidity ! charlie will you just calm down , for Chris 's sake ? 89 . fiorini come out from the zoo . fiorini we can hear you in there . h how do you expect I work like this ? you have give he another break . fiorini | she may need to see he . h oh that 's a great idea ... fiorini free want to watch , that 's fine , but tig t now you will shut the fuck up . do you understand I ? she be fierce now , and he be suddenly weak , she notice that he be tremble even more now . he answer quietly . h okay . alright . then can I please get back to work ? fiorini open the door for he . int . the zoo , sitcon - continuous fiorini , h , and charlie enter the corridor of the zoo . saunder , zachary , phillip and other Agents be there , watch . in holding room ' a' , baine sit with jean wilson . there be a screen in front of she , play the last part of the tape that show younger and the bomb . the picture of the two remain bomb cellar be on the table . she be nearly hysterical . jean younger ( on screen ) it 's a fake . it 's all a fake ! I and all three of this be in the mountain for a device ... be nuclear bomb . week , I do not know anything ! I you expert will want evidence , just spend four hour ina of course , so I will now fuck helicopter , nobody describe the technical aspect answer my question . of each device . baine turn off the tape . baine I be sorry about that Jean , just calm down . we need to know if you recognize this place ? jean I want a jawyer this be illegal . you have no uck right to hold I you CIA bastard ! 90 . baine I be not CIA , Jean , now please look at the picture . jean fuck you ! baine ; you see the tape , Jean . we do not make it , he do . jean he 's lie , he have never do that ! baine he do it for you . to impress you , to get you back . that 's why you have to elp we . why do not you ask he ? jean he 's here ? you get he here ? baine point to a phone with a speaker . baine at the end of that phone . ask he . baine hit the speaker button . baine go ahead , mister younger . Jean be here . in holding room ' b’ , younger be strapped to a wheelchair , a blanket over he , a woollen hat on he head . alvarez be beside he . younger lean forward to a speaker phone . younger Jean ? be that you ? be you there ? in holding room ' a 's jean that do not even sound like he ! younger ( on speaker ) it 's I , Jean , they torture I . baine you know we do not do that , Jean . jean they show I a video . with bomb ? younger ( on speaker ) God want it this way , he know I be do the right thing . I tell they what you want . withdraw the troops , stop the money , and Kyoto , I tell they ... 91 . jean you be crazy , you be fuck crazy ! younger ( on speaker ) I love you , Jean , and the kid . I love you all so much ... jean o God ... where be they ? where be my child ? baine hit the button to cut off the speaker . baine we be tell you have they ... jean no ! they be with Mom and dad . baine Jean , we speak to you dad , he do not have the kid . she scream , and hit the button again . jean no ! where be they ? what have you do with they ? ( to baine ) where be my child ? have he get my child ? younger ( on speaker ) I have never hurt they . I love they ... younger weep . she yell at the phone , hysterical . jean what have you do with they ? ( to baine ) have you get they ? where be they ? baine hit the button again , and cut off the phone . baine Jean , we will find you child , now do you know any of this place ? please ? jean look at he , from the depth of she panic . then at the photograph . she seem distract . jean yes , yes . baine yes ? jean yeah , I do . that 's ... that look like ... 92 . in the corridor : zachary she know . oh my God she know ... in holding room ' a 's baine where ? jean | oh no . get my kid . then I will tell you . first you find my kide ! in the corridor : gunter I do not believe this . she 's as crazy as he be . zachary how the fuck do we find the kid ? fiorini I know . phil , get the father . int . the zoo , holding room ' c’ , sitcon - later fiorini throttles wilson against the wall . phillip be horrify . fiorini you lie to I , you piece of shit mother - fucker ! she punch he hard in the kidney . he shriek with pain . | , phillip agent fiorini ... fiorini you say she have the kid . she say you have they . so do I beat the shit out of you , or beat the shit out of she ? which would you prefer ? she slam she heel into he shin . he yell and weep . mister wilson no , please ! fiorini where be the kid ? what do you do with they ? mister wilson he say not to tell ! she grab he testicles , and squeeze they . he yell in agony . 93 . fiorini God dam it , you be obstruct we investigation ! she push he head back , and put a thumbnail in he eye . she twist he testicles again . he shriek in pain . mister wilson a man come . with some cop . he say CIA be after the kid . he take my wife and the child to a safe place . he tell I what to say . please ! fiorini what man ? what do he look like ? ; mister wilson | ; detective Smith . Gray hair , six foot , bad tooth . fiorini release he . he fall in a wet heap to the floor . phillip look at she , open-mouthed . fiorini leave the room . in the corridor outside be zachary , saunder , h and charlie . fiorini look straight at charlie . charlie the kid be on they way right now . ten minute . the other look at he , amaze . charlie we get to the parent first . told they you guy want to do a deal with younger , send the kid to Pakistan . they be liberal , they . believe any crap about the CIA . le tell the old man what to say , we take the kid into safety , and grandma come too . saunder zachary you deliberately keep FBI in the be you tell I that all this dark ! I can not believe this ! you time you and you goddam listen ... cowboy .... charlie shut you whining . that could have be the deal . but you would not have do it , ' cos it 's '' against the fuck 's law '' . the kid be chip . we cash they in when we need to , like right now . it 's call leverage . it 's sure as hell go to make she talk . zachary you be through . after this , you be through . h do not tell we you do not think of it ? 94 , they look at she . of course , she do . int . lobby , sitcon - later two small , frighten child walk into the lobby with they grandma , mrs . wilson , and man in suit all around they . the boy be eight , the girl be ten . a video camera be taping they . int . holding room ' a' , sitcon - continuous baine show jean on the monitor . baine . there be you child , they be just fine ... jean Ali ... samura ... baine we can take you there as soon as ... jean I want to see they , take I to they ! baine the picture , Jean , where be this place ? she look down at the picture . a moment . jean I do not know . I lie ! baine what ? jean you would not have get they , you bastard would have keep they hide . now let I out of here . let I out ! in the corridor , they pound the wall in frustration . charlie shit. saunder zachary that 's great . just great . what fuck do we do now ? h I guess everyone 's wait , right ? zachary they be all in the conference room . we tell they we would have a answer . h strap she in a chair , take she in there . 95 . fiorini why ? what for ? h to get the answer . int . conference room , sitcon - later jean sit , strapped in a wheelchair , surround by a crowd of top brass , suit , uniform , everything she hate . she be hysterical . jean where be my child ? where be they ? you bastard , you do not care about the people , all you care about be you stinking government . gunter ( to charlie ) what the hell be we do here ? charlie just give he a moment . jean we could die for all you care . you only think of we when you want to buy we vote ! the door open . _ h enter . alvarez push a blankete figure in a wheelchair . h pull aside the blanket . it be younger . now we see he body clearly for the first time . he be burnt , blacken , lacerate , break . without fingernails , he skull tear and bloody , toe and knee dislocate . blood and puss dribble from open sore , vomit stain he shirt . they look at he in horror , unable to speak . jean shrink back in she chair . jean ; what have you do to he ? what have you do ? h push younger 's chair towards jean , who recoil in horror . younger Jean ? I love you ... gunter get he out of here . I do not authorize this , I want that clearly understand . h of course not , none of you do . now Jean , I want you to ask he where the bomb be . silence in the room . they realize what this be about . jean be in shock . h move round and lean down close to she . h say '' yusuf , where be the bomb please ? '' 96 . jean barely whisper the question . jean yusuf , where be the bomb please ? younger weep , shake he head , and keep whining . younger I love you Jean , do not , please , I do this for you ... h you_know what I think ? I think he really love you , Jean . younger I do , I love you ... h alright , yusuf , we be go to cut some little piece off you , and give they to Jean here , until you tell we . h draw a knife . charlie move fast , in between they . charlie no , h , no . what be you do ? h ( to alvarez ) hold the chair . charlie h , you can not do this . jean no , stop he ! h raise the blade . fiorini move in front of younger . fiorini you be not go to do that , not here . h so it 's alright in private , but not in front of all this nice people ? fiorini we be not go to let you do it . h seem desperate now , lose control . h you want to know where this bomb be or not ? huh ? all of you , work against I . do you want I to win ? or do you want he to win ? fiorini h , put the knife down . 97 . h crumple , exhaust , and lower the knife . h Fine , that 's you answer . he win . everyone breathes again . fiorini pick up the blanket . fiorini take he back . h reach out with the knife . he slashes jean 's throat , and stab her three time , fast , straight in the heart . blood spray over all the pretty uniform . younger howl with horror , as everyone scream , shout , yell . they run to jean , they run to hold h . as he be bundle out , h catch fiorini 's eye , and smile . int . cell , sitcon - morning , friday h lie in he cell , tremble , breathe fast . he be in a bad state . the quiet man enter the cell and sit beside he . fiorini follow he , and stand outside the cell . quiet man politician come and go , do not they . people pass we by . the military look through we . we do not get medal . but you and I , we be the one who keep . he country safe . I be a young GI in Japan after the war , nagasaki . then Korea , nam , chile , Somalia , Gulf different job , all nasty . you know the worst ? Bosnia . I do not think it be possible , not after the Nazis . I see a lot of shit in my life , but you little performance be something else . I do not know why you kill a perfectly good breeding member of the population , and I absolutely do not care , because I know you must have have a reason . fiorini reason ? he 's a psychopath . quiet man probably . we get four hour . can you get he to talk ? h where be he ? quiet man back in the hall , with lubitchich . he 's do he best ... h look at fiorini . h be you in ? I need you . 98 . quiet man she 's in . int . the hall , sitcon - moment later the quiet man enter the old hall , h and fiorini behind he . the observer be all there . lubitchich be in the room with younger , who be weep . the quiet man hit the intercom button . quiet man come in here , please , right away . we nve run out of time . the principal government officer in each city be currently be evacuate to nuclear shelter . you own family have already go . bound to be some rumor , panic . from now on , h have absolute sanction . he have a free hand . lubitchich stand by the door to the room . his hand be bloody . lubitchich there 's no more you can do . he want to die , and he 's pretty close . h Charlie ? h and charlie look at each other for a moment . charlie nod . h go into the room . younger be still strapped to the wheelchair . he see h and groan . h stroke he hair , and whisper intimately . h they will not stop I now , will they ? no limit now . you be close to death . we both know it . they want I to ask ... you know wha he gag younger 's mouth , and pull it tight . in the hall , they can not hear . zachary what 's he say ? what 's go on ? in the room , younger watch as_H pick up a hood , a noose of rope , and a blade . he put they into he pocket . h too late for question or answer . you do good . but I can not let you live , not like this . I have to kill you . so make you peace with ... whoever . he move to the inner door and wedge it open . h I 'il be back in a few minute . okay ? younger whimper , and nod he head , almost in relief . 99 , in the hall , they be confuse . h come out , and pour some water . kerkmejian so ? h he need a little break . fiorini crack . fiorini for God 's sake , we have three hour ! h what do you think I should do , felicity ? fiorini you bastard . what do you want I to say ? just do what you have to do ! a what we '' have to do '' , be UN ... thinkable . he let that sink in . h get I the child . a freeze . a long , cold , freeze . kerkmejian you be not serious . h give I he child , and I will give you the answer . all you have to do 1s bring they in . alvarez I be not do that . h let he see they . let he watch I with they . fiorini no . over my dead body . charlie be back . no - one have notice he leave . charlie the kid be right outside . fiorini no ! h you just do not get it , do you . 100 . fiorini you_are not go to hurt that child ! h you believe I would ? fiorini yes ! h good . then so will he . fiorini begin to understand . charlie it 's all be lead up to this . he need to believe that h will do anythin nothing 's go to happen to ythe bid . ge 9 g pp h turn to alvarez . h so bring they in , put they in the room , and strap they down , that 's all . he ’1ll tell we any dam thing we want to know . okay ? alvarez no. charlie alright , I ‘’1l do it . charlie go out . fiorini you hurt that child , I 'il kill you . h that 's fine . h enter the room . younger game in fear . h grab the wheelchair and smashes it out through the outer door , into a corner of the hall . he put the hood over younger 's head . blackout . we see younger 's Pov , from behind the hood . and we hear what he hear , muffle by the hood charlie ( SOUND only ) come on , this way ... samura ( SOUND only ) mummy ? charlie ( SOUND only ) she 's in here , this way . 101 . fiorini ( SOUND only ) no. no ... we hear the sound of movement , more distant now . charlie ( SOUND only ) now we be just go to strap you down , keep you safe until mommy get here , okay ? we hear a loud whisper in younger 's ear . h ( SOUND only ) you ready , yusuf ? this be the end . nothing I do to you will make you talk . not now . end of blackout , as h rip off younger 's hood . and through the glass window , he see he child in the room . charlie be strapping they down to two gurney , and they be cry with fear . as h remove he ga younger howl in horror and despair . charlie come out of the room , and h walk slowly towards it . he turn to look at younger . he take the noose from he pocket , and the blade . slowly , he step in through the outer door . younger no . no ! do not let he do it ! do not let he , I beg you ! lubitchich talk to we , yusuf . we be not kid this time . younger scream hysterically . h be now carefully close the inner door . he be take he time . younger no , please ... New York ! there 's a bomb in 's New York ! please , stop he ! lubitchich what address ? what address in New York ? younger stop he ! 563 West 83rd , second floor . do not let he do it ! zachary be on the phone , relaying the address . younger see h now stand between the child . lubitchich the second one ? where be it ? younger no , please stop he , I beg you ! lubitchich where ? 102 . younger Los Angeles , 18750 centinela . garage underneath it . please ! lubitchich the last one ? we do not fuck believe you ! younger Dallas . basement , 121 Smith Street . do not let he hurt they , please ! fiorini gasp with relief . zachary , kerkmejian be on telephone . charlie take out a cell phone . lubitchich collapse into a chair . the quiet man sigh . fiorini hit the intercom switch . fiorini h , he 's tell we . he 's tell we where they be ! h there 's more . he 's lie . fiorini no he 's not . Dallas , he give the right address in Dallas . h how long to check on the other one ? fiorini 15 , 20 minute . h well then , I have 20 minute to work on they . the other be slowly notice . they fall silent . in the background , the sound of the child , whimper in fear . lubitchich he 's not serious . he can not be serious . zachary h , this operation be terminate . kerkmejian I be order you to stop . h '' we assume that the current protocol of interrogation will continue until otherwise direct by higher authority . '' it 's my duty to continue . h unpeel some duct tape , and begin to tape the child 's head to the gurney . fiorini grab the handle of the door . she pull . nothing . she hit the emergency open button . nothing . she look through the 103 . window in the door . the rope noose be tie between the handle of the inner and outer door , the tail of the noose lead inside the room . her panic rise . fiorini h , they be child . they be innocent child . h they be he child . younger no ... what 's he say ? she turn to the other . she see how alvarez be tremble , and zachary avoid she eye . then she remember . fiorini the chechen girl . what do he do to she ? do she have child too ? do she ? oh no ... she look into the room at h , stand beside the child , put on latex glove . h yusuf , there 's more , be not there ? younger ( in a whisper ) no ...no ... h do you believe I could do this ? do you ? younger can not speak . fiorini yes , H. yes , he believe it . belief be not enough , you have to know it . fiorini he know it . he know it ! h know it be not enough , you have to see it . he reach for the blade and pick it y he turn he back on the observer , and advance on the chil ren . in the hall , everyone scream . they hammer at the glass . they try to smash it with chair . it splinter but do not break . they wrench at the door . kerkmejian bring a fire - ax and smashes down at the handle . the rope be freed . but the inner door be jamme by a chair under the handle . the ax cleave through the door , smash , splintering . fiorini pull she gun and fire a circular pattern into the laminate 104 . glass . they smash it with chair , tear the glass aside with bare hand . they crawl through , as kerkmejian finally break the door . in the room , h 's arm be raise , with the blade in he hand . lubitchich pull h away and beat he , savagely . alvarez attend to the child , pull away the tape . kerkmejian they be okay . the kid be okay . h collapse in the doorway . charlie pull lubitchich off he . charlie that 's enough ! the quiet man be in the room , no longer quiet . quiet man get they out of here . no - one else see they , you understand I ? nobody see they ! in the hall , h be drag out of the way and throw onto the floor by lubitchich , who then join alvarez and run out with the gurney . younger wail uncontrollably . the other come out of the room , shaking . fiorini turn on they . fiorini you know . you know he could do this . ( to charlie } you have that kid line up for he . charlie that 's he specialty . a lot of people cross the line . y one man we have will cross that line . that 's why we need he . come on , I do not know he have go crazy . fiorini stare in disbelief . younger wail . fiorini turn to he . fiorini I be sorry . I be so sorry . h lift himself up , batter and spitting blood . he be a different man now , break apart . he sob , and fight to control it . h the man to whom you be apologize kill a hundred kid . quiet man you keep you mouth shut , you fuck maniac . fiorini you be evil . absolute evil . h do not you turn on I , not now . you think I want to ... felicity , do not you know this guy ? he 's plan every ( more ) 105 . neont would ) step , you thin he would not have a endgame ? what if he could not hold out ? all he have to do be give you the three , right ? can not you fuck count ? quiet man what do you mean ? four and a halt pound time three be thirteen and a half , time four be eighteen , fifteen to eighteen pound miss , where do you want to put you money ? ask he ! younger , close to death , and in deep shock , just look at they . zachary you think there 's another bomb ? h of course there 's another bomb you stupid bitch ! quiet man Christ ... oh christ. to charlie ) get that kid back in here . if anyone try to stop you , shoot he , that be a direct order ! charlie run . younger shout with the last of he energy . younger no ! no bomb ! I swear it , I swear ... fiorini no , wait , we can not ... zachary if there 's a one percent chance ... fiorini we have no evidence ! it 's just he idea . he 's a maniac , you just say so ! the quiet man turn to H. quiet man you 'il get the child back . h what shall I do with they this time ? how far do you want I to go ? quiet man just do the job , H. fiorini no! 106 . h I have a condition . quiet man you be make fuck condition ! h I have a condition ! quiet man what be it ? what the fuck be it that you want ? h turn on fiorini . he crawl , then stagger towards she . you bring they to I . you do it . no - one else . justify I . make I right . wy. absolute condition for continue this interrogation be that you , you take that child by the hand , you drag they towards I , kick , begging , scream . you strap ‘em down in there , you , no - one else . you ! h : fiorini why ? h weep . h because I can not do it without you . I need you to show I it 's alright . it 's not so hard . you take one step over the line , you have already cross it . and you di you did , you help I ! for you allow the unthinkable , you 's ul always find someone to do it . and here i_ be . but I need you help . please , help I ... fiorini 's face , as she understand , finally , why she be here . quiet man h , we do not have time for game . h no game , she help I or I quit . all of they turn on fiorini , three face talk at she at once . h quiet man I can not do it without you . I fiorini , this be two kid of a need you to tell I it 's okay ... terrorist against a hundred thousand of we own . fiorini zachary yusuf , if there 's a bomb , for we do not have time for moral God 's sake tell we now ! argument . 107 . h younger it will not work . he 's dead , he no bomb ... no bomb ... know it . h justify I , tell I I can do this ... fiorini no ! I swore a oath to uphold and defend the constitution ... quiet man fuck the constitution ! if there 's another bomb out there ... fiorini then let it go off ! I will not do this . we cannot do this . charlie enter . charlie the kid be here .. h that 's it , I be through . suddenly the quiet man jab he cane hard into h 's chest . quiet man I do not think so . you better remember , you have kid too . we be patient with you you disgusting piece of slime . we et you jerk we around because we do not have a choice . what make you think you do ? for the first time , h be scared . h you do not touch my family ... quiet man you think I have not get that cover ? I get people on that right now . a you would not do that . Charlie ..? charlie get to do it , H. quiet man you may have reach you limit , but not mine . you start this , you will finish it . ( to charlie ) bring ‘em in ! fiorini no ! y mile kill you . fiorini pull her gun and point 108 . ou touch that child and I it at H. instantly kerkmejian and winston pull theirs and aim at she . oa h felicity ... fiorini I will kill you , quiet man I will do it ! gentlemen , you will shoot this person unless she put she weapon down on a count of five . one . kerkmejian put down the gun , agent ! h felicity ? you know what I have to do . quiet man two ... h move towards fiorini , h felicity , you must understand . you know what I have to do ... h look into fiorini 's eye . he quiet man three .. zachary you would be responsible for hundred of thousand of death ... h I be dead , felicity . but I can not let they hurt my kid ... quiet man four ... h be right next to fiorini 's gen he take the gun from she hand . the other relax , gun lower . charlie do not be dumb about this ... zachary come on , fiorini ... he hand outstretch . zachary you let it get this far , fiorini , you can not stop it now . be move closer to she . charlie put it down , fiorini , they be serious . kerkmejian I will shoot you , agent fiorini ! he touch the barrel . she let h whisper . h thank you . I know you have understand . h raise the gun and shoot . younger 's body jerk . do not even look . she know . the he have be have shot in the head . fiorini other all stare at the body in 109 . the chair , in disbelief . fiorini gently take the gun from h . they stare into the hell of each other 's eye . quiet man I think we be through with you , H. take he out of here . fiorini watch , as winston lead h away . ext . cemetery in baltimore - day the quiet man and charlie wear dark suit . they be in the open air , with a view of tree , and the city beyond they . quiet man you do a good job , Charlie . charlie we get lucky . quiet man we deserve it . charlie if there have be a fourth bomb ... quiet man there be not . charlie never think he have punk out on we like that . quiet man either way , he heart attack be necessary . now we see that we be at a funeral , in a cemetery overlook the city . Men in dark suit watch from a distance , as a coffin be lower into the earth . there be a only a pitifully small group of mourner , and the funeral staff . rina stand beside the grave , with she two child at she side . all three throw earth into the grave . fiorini come up beside she , and reach out with a handful of earth . rina 's hand grab and hold she wrist like a vice . the funeral staff notice , but look away . rina whisper . rina you kill he . fiorini no , Rina . no , I do not . rina you friend do . you hate he . fiorini I try to understand he . rina let she wrist go . fiorini throw in the earth . 110 . rina they be finish with H. you think they have finish with you ? fiorini do not know the answer . she look down at h 's coffin . Beyond the ring of mourner , the quiet man and charlie watch . charlie what about fiorini ? quiet man we have not decide . they turn they back and walk to they limousine . charlie Z guess there will always be another 01 quiet man we do what we must . charlie sure . but next time we will not have H. quiet man we all find someone . we have to . do not we ? the end .