untraceable by Robert fyvolent & Mark R. brinker current revision by allison burnett June 5 , 2006 fade in : int . suburban basement -- rainy night . video camera Pov : hold at hip level , jerk with each step we move in dim light past box of junk ... a dormant furnace ... a rusty bicycle ... shelf of Christmas decoration ... and bundle of ethernet cable , run beside flash state - of - the - art computer ... around a corner into -- a wood - paneled room . rain rattles the ground - level window , whose pane be cover with black soundproof panel . a fold - up ping - pong table lean against a wall . Ugly shag carpete have be stripped back from the cement floor . a small , mute tv set , sit on a cardboard box , play a prime - time hour-lo drama . Thunder rumble outside . the camera shake as it be screw into a tripod and point to the cement floor . at the top corner of the frame , the tv be visible . footstep . liquid pour . a male hand , long and slender lower a saucer of milk to the floor more footstep . a package be tear open . a glue rat-trap be slap to the floor a few foot from the milk . a canvas bag be unzip . a tiny meow , then the tinkling of a little bell . a man 's torso pass by , momentarily blotting out we view . a moment later , the camera zoom tighter on the milk and the trap . more meow , as a kitten enter the frame , bound clumsily , adorably . it wear a handcraft pink collar with a bell . it step into the trap . it freeze , pull and pull , the bell tinkling urgently , but it can not free its paw . klieg light flash on . the kitty freeze , blind . ext . suburban parking lot -- rainy night . headlights blind we , as a suv , wiper work , drive up to a guard booth . car radio dj ( 0.s. ) -- then once he 's raise a million buck in donation , he 's gonna shoot himself in the ass , live on the Internet ! laughter from the radio . the young guard nod , smile , and wave the driver through . int . suv -- moment later -- rainy night . the driver , whose face we cannot see , pull into a parking spot in the barely - fill lot . car radio dj and guess what he website 's call . I be not make this up . gonnashootmyselfintheass.com ! seriously ! Manic laughter from the radio , until the driver kill the engine . as the driver unfasten the seat belt , we glimpse a 'mm Glock on the driver 's hip . the driver reach over and grab a black umbrella , which lie next to a half - clad barbie doll . ext . suburban parking lot -- continuous -- rainy night . emerging from the car , open she umbrella , be jennifer marsh , early 30 's , beautiful and fierce , no make - up , wear a windbreaker . follow marsh , walk alone across the dark , rainy lot toward a bland four - story office build . the closer she get to the entrance , the higher the camera crane . by the time she enter , the camera have reach the roof , which be crowded with massive satellite dish and tower antennae . int . office build lobby -- same -- rainy night . ray , 65 , a security guard , smile almost paternally at marsh as she jam she photo i.d. in and out of the electronic reader . int . office elevator -- moment later -- rainy night . as the car ascend , marsh stare at herself in the silver door . her hair be wet , dishevel . she primp at it a bit then stop . what 's the point ? why bother ? int . dial - up room -- moment later -- rainy night . marsh walk down a row of beige cubicle under fluorescent light . in each carrel , a male worker click away at a desktop computer . over the worker 's shoulder , we catch glimpsis of they screen . mundane stuff , mostly : chat room , newsgroups myspace.com , e-mail , etc .... but then a flash of hard - core pornography . and on the next monitor , something worse . be that naked child on the screen ? we be move too fast to know . marsh stop at a large desk , equip with four large monitor and two keyboard . she remove she Glock from its holster , slip it into a drawer , and lock it ext . office build -- later -- rainy night . behind the rainy window pane , we see marsh , type quickly , navigate the web , she screen flash as page open and close . int . marsh work station -- same -- rainy night . seat close to marsh be griffin dowd , 30 , funny - look , bright , amiable , type into a chat room . despite the intensity of they concentration , they manage to converse - - griffin I be serious . it be the best first date ever . she be amazing . she look exactly like she picture . marsh you x11 never see she again . griffin how do you know ? marsh because you look nothing like yours . griffin laugh . marsh freeze , type something , hit a key . on one of she monitor , a website appear . she react to the little victory . curious , griffin wheel he chair over and read the screen -- griffin tunethief .com ? marsh for the next few hour , anyway . tomorrow , it 'il have a new name . it 's take I a week to isolate the creep . she hit enter and a nasty gangsta rap song blare from she speaker . other worker look over , startle and amused . marsh lower the volume . marsh ( cont would ) he offer free download of pirate music . watch what happen to my dummy drive when I accept he offer . marsh click on the download button . on one of the screen , at lightning speed , we see a digital representation of file be madly copy . marsh ( cont have ) he steal all my financial data ... all my password ... which I just happen to have conveniently gather in a file call '' password . '' I also throw in a keystroke recorder , so I can follow he . he 's run up a half - million buck in fraud in the past three week . griffin what 's he into ? marsh High - end tech and low - end porn . griffin be you sure it 's a guy ? if it ’sa woman , she could be my soulmate . ping ! a sixteen-digit number appear on the screen . marsh my dummy be ex . let 's hope he use it . the screen change to ebay.com . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) huh . I be surprised he have the patience . the screen change to the item page of a conservative , gold , swiss watch . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) okay , it 's a '' buy it now '' item . Fine , buy it now , asshole . ( ping ! ) thanks . marsh start work she key at a furious pace , she hand a blur . even griffin , who 's use to it , watch in wonder . he glance over and see other worker glance out of they cubicle , watch , as well . marsh ( cont no ) I have get he ip address . now I will get he physical one . phone directory appear . marsh , type with one hand and not even look at the screen , begin type on she second keyboard . marsh ( cont have ) there it be . a profile pop up : sandra hobb , 221 bayshore boulevard , tampa , florida 33611 . griffin so it be a woman . marsh fifty -six year old . griffin damn , a year past my cut -off . marsh a er nurse . live there she whole life . no prior . and no history of on - line purchase . griffin it 's not she . marsh it 's gotta be a neighbor , come in through she wireless router marsh 's hand be a blur again . on one of she monitor , we see a satellite view of tampa . the shot tighten and tighten , move closer to Earth . with she mouse , marsh circle a house , see from a 100 foot above . marsh ( cont have ) okay , Sandra hobb life here . continue to work both keyboard , marsh look back and forth among the screen . she circle another house . marsh ( cont no ) Sam barrow , age 39 . Computer programmer for the school district . move in six week ago . a renter . griffin that 's you guy . griffin wheel he chair back to he station . marsh type quickly . a mostly - fill - in application for a search warrant fill a screen . she type in barrow 's name and address . on the other monitor , she bring up a list of Assistant U.S. attorney . she point and click . we hear a dial tone . ringing . woman ( 0.s. ) U.S. Attorney 's office . Sally stile speak . marsh slip on a headphone and mute the speaker . marsh sal , Jennifer marsh . great , you ? oh , that 's wonderful . listen , I need the name of a eleventh circuit judge I can bother . yeah , right now . tim wilk , 20 's , clean - cut , wear two hearing aid , walk up , hand marsh a Post - it , and whisper with a subtle speech impairment - - wilk from the Baltimore PD . they be not sure what to do with it . marsh nod , take it . it read www.killwithme.com. before marsh can react , Sally speak , which set marsh type -- marsh perfect . do you have the fax number , too ? you be the best . vouch for I , okay ? call he in two minute . thanks . she hang up , toss aside the post-it . type in a phone number . marsh ( cont have ) judge lipson , sorry to bother you at home . my name 's Jennifer marsh . I be a supervisor in the FBI cyber division up in riverton , maryland . Sally stile from the U.S. ( more ) marsh ( cont would ) Attorney 's office will be call you to confirm that . marsh type a fax number into the warrant application and hit send . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) a search warrant , you honor . multiple bank fraud , access -device fraud , and fraudulent i.d . ( beat ) thanks so much . the application should be fall into the tray of you fax machine any second now . marsh hang up . on she screen , list after list fly past . she point and click on FBI tampa . she wait . someone pick up . marsh ( cont have ) hi. Jennifer marsh -- a supervisor in the cyber division . I need you to knock on a door for I . ext . tampa house -- hour later -- night . moonlight . cricket . a bland house in a middle - class suburban neighborhood . a host of FBI , sheriff , and police car , light turn off , glide up and silently park . a swarm of shadow , as agent and officer silently emerge and take up a perimeter . int . marsh work station -- same -- rainy night . more relaxed now , marsh organize papers on she desk . griffin , type into a chat room , mutter bitterly -- griffin I have gotta get reassign . marsh what 's the matter ? griffin this retire Army Captain be offer to come over to where I be baby -sitting , only he 's get so many chat go , he can not keep he name straight . he keep call I Jill instead of Molly . ( beat ) let 's see what he cellmate call he .... marsh smile , then abruptly notice the Post -it wilk give she . she read it again , frown , then with one hand type killwithme.com into a browser and hit enter . ext . tampa house -- same -- night . with he team in position , gray , 40 , a FBI agent , stride to the front door with another agent . Gray knock . gray FBI , Mr. barrow ! open the door int . marsh work station -- same -- rainy night . marsh watch as killwithme.com load . the site 's home page be empty , black . she wait . nothing . just as she be about to close the window , creepy - cute theme music play and a oversize red emoticon strut out , smile . a red text banner crawl across the bottom of the screen : kill with I ... kill with I ... kill with I .... the emoticon point to a blink Command button mark enter . marsh click on it . the page load the video image of the kitten , catch in the glue-trap . now both front paw be stick . marsh 's eye gain intensity . ext . tampa house -- same -- night . Gray , still wait , knock again , louder . a deputy run around from the back of the house , whisper urgently -- deputy we have get movement in a back room ! gray that 's it , let 's breach . ( over he shoulder ) gimme the ram ! int . marsh work station -- same -- rainy night . on she computer screen , behind the struggle kitten , marsh notice the tv set . use she mouse , she screen-capture it then magnify it . she can see what 's play on the set : live cable news . int . tampa live room -- same -- night . the door splinter . amid a chaos of flashlight beam , Agents and officer pour in , gun draw . nobody . empty . they hit the overhead light . a rear bedroom door be lock . loud , angry rap music blare from inside . agent ( bang on it ) FBI ! open up ! ( to Gray ) it 's a fuckin’ bunker ! Gray nod . the two agent use the ram , splintering the door agent ( cont have ) on the floor ! get on the floor ! keep you hand in view ! the agent point they gun and shine they light in . in the criss -cross of the beam , we catch bar window , a wall of merchandise still in its box , and a huge plasma tv show a freeze image from a terribly violent video game . a shadowy male figure , clutching a hard drive still connect by a couple of cord to the computer , sink to the floor . Gray step in with he flashlight int . tampa bedroom -- continuous -- night . Gray 's face change when he see the suspect . he lift he cell phone and dial . int . marsh work station -- same -- rainy night . marsh , she face pain , study the suffer kitten . her phone ring . she answer it with a computer click marsh Jennifer marsh . FBI cyber division . gray ( 0.s. ) Paul Gray , FBI Tampa . we get ‘im . hard drive intact . plenty of contraband . marsh good work . let I guess , it 's a teenager , right ? barrow 's get a son ? int . tampa bedroom -- same -- night . Gray , speak on the phone to marsh , be amaze . gray how have you know that ? angle on a acne - face boy , 14 , wear pajamas , terrify , crouch on the floor , be handcuff in the beam of the flashlight . 10 . marsh ( 0.s. ) High tech and porn , then out of the blue he busy a swiss watch ? how come ? then it hit I . Sunday 's Father 's Day . gray ( impressed ) sweet dream , marsh . marsh ( 0.s. ) I have not have one of that since I leave the Academy -- int . marsh 's work station -- same -- rainy night . marsh stare at the kitten on she screen . her smile fade . marsh -- but thanks , anyway . marsh hang up . griffin , have wheeled he chair back to she monitor , study the kitten . griffin what the hell be this ? marsh I be not sure , but it 's stream live . marsh type , open window until she 's get the cable news play live . she drag it over to killwithme and line it up next to the site 's tv set . the two broadcast be identical , in perfect sync . griffin shake he head -- griffin just when you think you have see it all . marsh look -- a message from we sponsor . a banner of red text crawl across the bottom of the screen : '' hhos ... hhos ... hhos .... '' marsh think , then translate -- marsh ( cont no ) ha - ha , only serious . griffin throw marsh a uneasy look . from the next scene , we hear honk car horn . 11 . ext . maryland highway -- later -- early morning . a traffic jam as far as the eye can see . operator ( 0.s. ) northstar operator Tina . good morning , miss marsh , how can I assist you ? int . marsh 's suv -- same -- early morning . marsh , crawl along in the traffic jam , talk to a speaker over she head -- marsh well , Tina , I have like to get home someday . what 's the outlook ? operator ( 0.s. ) let 's see .... good news . in about a hundred yard , you 's 11l reach -- marsh I see it . thanks . marsh cut off the system . int . marsh 's suv -- minute later -- early morning . marsh reach the source of the jam : a crush motorcycle . blood . a body cover by a tarp . marsh be disgust by the rubberneck . as soon as she be able , she roar away . int . marsh kitchen -- later -- dawn . stella marsh , 50 's , a charming ex-hippie , attractive but a bit ethereal and scattered , cook pancake on the stove . the back door bang open . stella gasp , a hand to she heart then laugh at she own fear stella shit , you scared I ! marsh watch you tongue , young lady . stella ( delighted ) hey , that 's what I use to say to you when you be little . marsh I know , Mom , that 's why I say it that what make it so darn funny . 12 . stella do not be a grump . why be you so late ? marsh drop she laptop on the counter . she pet a black cat sit nearby -- marsh there be a crash on the I - 50 . everybody just have to line up for a look . stella oh , I hate that . marsh yeah , sorta make you wanna buy a time - share on another planet . she exit into the next room . through the doorway , we see she stop at a hutch , open a drawer , set she Glock inside it , and lock the drawer . int . child 's bedroom -- moment later -- morning . annie marsh , 6 , still wear pajamas , lay out kooky clothes on she little bed . part of the ensemble be a day camp T - shirt . marsh stand at the door , smile gently -- annie mommy ! Annie run over and jump into she mother 's arm . marsh pepper she with kiss . annie ( cont have ) I be make my outfit ! marsh hey , that 's my job . annie you be late . be traffic murder ? marsh be strike by the word . marsh no , but ... but definitely bad . ( walk to the bed ) let 's see what we have get here . lavender ...re ... blue ... and pink . annie do they match ? 13. marsh not even a little . annie cool . that 's my style . marsh laugh and tickle she . Annie squirm and giggle happily . ext . marsh 's house -- later -- morning . distant Pov : the door open and Annie come run out be chase by marsh . marsh scoops she up and carry she to a volvo park in the driveway . stella sit behind the wheel . close on the car . marsh lower Annie into the back seat and fasten she seat belt . marsh come on , nice and tight . Annie comically pretend that it 's so tight that she can not breathe . marsh laugh and shut the door . as stella back out , marsh turn and look at the unruly front lawn . stella stop and lower the window . stella do not even think about it . marsh but - - stella sweetheart ? get some sleep . please ? good sleep ? marsh smile at she mother 's worry . as the car drive away , marsh walk back to the house . she stop and study the lawn . her mom 's right . she should not . int . marsh 's garage -- moment later -- morning . marsh hoist the power lawn mower off a hook on the wall . ext . marsh 's house -- later -- morning . marsh push the powerful , noisy mower , whose engine falter and sputter , then roar back to life . a neighbor across the way , grab he newspaper , and , see marsh , wave . work hard , she do not notice . he shrug and go back inside . 14 . int . marsh 's bathroom -- later -- morning . inching closer and closer to the frost - glass shower door , we see the naked outline of marsh shower . int . marsh 's bedroom -- later -- morning . wearing only underwear and a T-shirt , marsh yank shut the curtain , black out she room . int . marsh bedrooom -- later -- day . just the burn outline of sun around the curtain . marsh lie wide awake , restless . she grab the remote and flick on the tv . newscaster -- of that kill in the blast twenty - seven be Iraqis , most of they school child . we warn we viewer that some of the image you be about to see be -- marsh shut off the set . settles back . the cat jump up on the bed , purring , rub its cheek against she hand . marsh smile , pet it . she meet the animal 's gaze . her smile fade , as she remember something . she jerk to she foot . int . marsh bedroom -- minute later -- day . still in she underwear , marsh sit at she computer . the kitten be still there , but now all four of its paw , as well as its stomach , tail , and bell , be stick in the glue . only its slow - blink eye tell we that it be even alive . the text crawl read : labatyd ... labatyd ... labatyd .... marsh stare , then whisper to herself -- marsh life 's a bitch and then you die . she start to type . marsh ( cont have ) no kid . she type several command into a unix shell . trace rout algorithm begin to run . a different screen show possible ip address . the list begin grow , from ten to hundred to thousand .... marsh shake she head at the futility . 15 . int . cyber division headquarters -- later -- evening . Elevator door open . out step special agent in charge of the cyber division , wynn brooks , 5us , Southern accent , dry , smug , unimaginative . int . dial - up room -- moment later -- evening . brook walk down the aisle of cubicle to where marsh , griffin , and wilk stand around marsh 's desk . brooks all right , Jennifer , show I this torture kitty of yours . he and marsh lock eye . they have a thorny subtext : marsh do not respect he and he know it ; brook be attract to she and she could not care less . marsh the torture 's over . she step aside , revealing she monitor , where the kitten lie break and flat , face down , dead in the glue . brooks I should say so . a respectful beat , then griffin murmur -- griffin poor lulu . everyone look at he strangely . griffin ( cont would ) what ? that 's she name . ( read ) the owner ... scotty hickman ...26 ... from Columbia ... say she be snatch a few day ago from he front lawn during a yard sale . he recognize the fancy collar . brooks not Columbia , maryland ? griffin that 's right . brooks so this site , which could have originate anywhere from Oslo to timbuktu - - 16 . griffin -- be stream locally . yes , sir . brooks the odd of that be -- marsh a billion to one , if it be a coincidence . but it 's not . brook glance at she . pause . a tiny stand -off . brooks Care to explain ? marsh I have be happy to . we only find out about the site because , within minute of it go up , it be tip to the County sheriff and the Baltimore PD . both tip come from a Inner Harbor pay phone . whoever 's behind the site life in the area and want attention . on the screen , a text banner appear : gy ... mtc ... gy ..-mtc ... gy ...mtc .... brooks what 's that ? marsh chat-room shorthand . '' glad you enjoy the show . more to come . '' the emoticon come strutting across the screen . it stop and laugh mockingly at its audience . brook smirk -- brooks cocky little bugger . marsh he can afford to be . his site 's incredibly sophisticated . every frame of the video 's hide and relay among all of its viewer . lot of viewer ... lot of relay like a mosaic ... and it 's impossible to tell where it originate . it 's almost like he 's build he own peer - to - peer serve network for every frame . ( beat ) ( more ) 17 . marsh ( cont would ) let 's alert stad and see if it 's a new distribute serve technology they recognize . meanwhile , I would like to pull griffin off innocent image and -- griffin ( to brook ) I really could use the break , sir . marsh work together we might be able to -- brooks I have get a better idea . call the humane Society . brook casually walk away . marsh wynn , I really think -- brook stop and turn back with a patronize air -- brooks now , I know how you single woman love you feline , but give the state of the world , do not you think there be more important thing for you to worry about ? maybe some - thing under we jurisdiction ? marsh ( firmly ) this be we jurisdiction . it 's obscenity . brooks ( eye narrowing ) shock you conscience , do it ? well , it 's a good thing you never meet my granny brook , ' cause she use to drow ’em by the litter ( to everyone else ) back to work , gentleman . brook rap he knuckle on a desk and walk on . marsh be piss . ext . camden yard -- two week later -- evening . gorgeous dusk . waving flag . pack stadium . a baptist quartet sing the National anthem to a pack stadium . 18 . int . camden yard -- same -- evening . the bright parking lot be pack . last-minute ticket holder hurry up to the stadium turnstile . from inside , the anthem end . int . camden parking lot perimeter -- same -- evening . herbert miller , 50 , burly and amiable , a Air Force tattoo on he forearm , walk up , look around . a distant roar from inside the stadium . Miller see what he 's look for . follow miller , walk across the street to a volkswagen bus park in the shadow under a tree . the bus 's side door be open and someone poke around inside , move aside pile of junk . Miller stop right behind he . miller hi. the person gasp , whip around , startle . we do not see he face . ext . maryland MAIN STREET -- day . marsh , park outside a child 's martial art academy , sit in she suv , flipping through a travel magazine . int . suv -- same -- day . marsh lower the magazine , stare into the middle distance , think . a handsome young man , crossing the street , give she a smile . marsh , snap to , give he only the faintest smile back . she glance at she laptop computer , sit nearby . she can not help herself . she flip it open and start to type . we hear the music of killwithme.com . when the next window open , marsh see something she do not expect . her face change terribly . woman ( 0.s. ) ( knock on the window ) hey ! marsh nearly jump out of she skin . stella , carry a grocery bag , stand at she close window , point to the parking meter . stella meter 's empty ! get a quarter ? 19 . ext . cyber division headquarters -- later -- day . marsh stride quickly across the parking lot . male voice ( 0.c. ) hold it right there , copper . marsh smile when she see griffin , dishevel and unshaven , climb out of he use sport car . marsh sorry about the timing . griffin ( hurry to join she ) hey , it 's not you fault . I have nothing to do , anyway . except sit around , try to figure out why I could not get to first base last night with a date who be both promiscuous and unattractive . marsh maybe if you go out with woman you have actually meet .... griffin there 's a prescription for lone - liness . I work night . who do I meet ? marsh laugh and put a consol arm around he . int . marsh 's work station -- moment later -- day . marsh , settling into she chair , be already urgently type into she keyboard -- marsh for the past two week , it have not change : a saucer of curdle milk a dead kitten , a pile of maggot . then Friday night around eleven , the site be down . go . I hope forever . but then , a hour ago -- she hit enter . what griffin see on the screen make he face unhinge . he look closer . he can not believe he eye . reverse angle : it 's Herbert Miller , the man from the oriole game , in the same basement room as the kitten , bound and gag , cement upright at the waist into the floor . 20 . bare-chest , Miller be surround on three side by a dozen infrare heat lamp . just two be turn on , glow red . Miller drip with sweat , defiant , struggle , yell into the gag . in the background , the tv , still sit on the box , show a nascar race . griffin lean down , type , hit key , then , use marsh 's mouse , drag a live network nascar broadcast across the screen and place it beneath the race on the website . griffin still stream live . marsh point with she cursor to the top leave corner of the screen , where a digital counter mark etod count down the time : 23:46:32 marsh estimate time of death . on the right side of the screen , marsh point to a counter mark NOV with a rapidly increase number : 27,108 . marsh ( cont no ) number of viewer . she point to the text crawl at the bottom of the screen . marsh ( cont no ) this be what connect they . the text read : the more that watch , the faster he cook ... the more that watch , the faster he cook ... the more that watch , the faster he cook .... griffin be horrify , but then he realize . griffin wait , it 's bullshit , right ? it 's fake . it 's gotta be . the guy 's a actor ! wilk ( 0.s. ) he 's a helicopter pilot . they turn . there 's wilk , hold up a Baltimore Police Department miss person 's report bear a color photo of Miller , surround by he happy wife and three smile daughter . 21 . int . cyber-division headquarters hallway -- later . marsh and griffin stride quickly . griffin say under he breath -- griffin you know , just because you be right and he be wrong , do not mean you have to rub he nose in it . marsh 's smile do not reassure . int . brooks' office -- moment later -- day . brook lean back in he desk chair , frown skeptically at he computer screen , which show Herbert Miller trap in the cement . marsh and griffin sit across from he . griffin read aloud , summarize from the report -- griffin Herbert Miller , 54 . a pilot for Liberty executive Charter . live in bramford , ten minute from here . Friday after work , he call he wife and say he have a great ticket for the 0 's game that he get from a ad he place on Craig 's list . she never hear from he again . brooks do he have any prior ? griffin ( confuse ) Miller ? I ...i -- marsh how be that relevant ? brook look out the window , think . brook remember the snuff film that be send into the L.A. office last year ? teenage geisha cut right in two . six week later , they find she safe and sound , wait table in Little Tokyo . maybe Miller 's involved somehow . .. maybe -- marsh can not believe what he be say , but before she can respond , wilk appear at the open door -- 22 . wilk ( pale , shake ) Sir , killwithme , it 's -- well -- I think you should take a look -- brook , exasperate , hit he keyboard , awaken the screen . marsh and griffin walk around the desk for a look . Miller be slump over , breathe hard , pour sweat . the viewer counter , spin much faster now , hit 1,120,000 . the estimate time of death have spun below 23 hour . marsh if that viewer number be real , it 's a rate of increase that -- brooks it 's because they know it 's fake . marsh or because they hope it be not . ( point ) that 's how he control the time of death . a third heat lamp have begin to glow orange . Miller violently buck , cry out into he gag . griffin what 's drive up the number like that ? it can not just be word of mouth . ext . miller 's bramford home -- afternoon . tv news van and satellite truck be park in the driveway . the live room window be illuminate by bright light from inside . cop keep order among the neighbor , dog walker , kid on bike , gather outside . a unmarked car drive up to the curb . JOHN BOX , 40 , a street - tough homicide detective , emerge , smoking a cigarette . he be strong , self - assure , a touch world - weary . a cop walk over to meet he . box when do the circus hit town ? cop # 1 right after the clown get tip . all of ‘em . anonymously . 23 . box shake he head with dismay , and they head to the house . the crowd part . box flick he cigarette before he go inside . int . miller 's bramford home -- continuous -- afternoon . under bright light , mrs . miller sit on the couch , clutching a ball of tissue , cry , talk to local tv reporter . mrs . miller I do not know this person . he call and say he 's kill my husband on the computer ! I can hear herb scream ! box enter and stop in the doorway to watch -- mrs . miller ( cont would ) what be I suppose to do ? I have to turn on the computer ! int . stella marsh 's bedroom -- later -- evening . sitting up in bed , stella watch Mrs. Miller cry on tv : mrs . miller ( on tv ) I wish I have not ! what do I tell my girl ! annie ( 0.c. ) grandma , I can not sleep . Annie stand at the door , rub a knuckle into she eye . stella hold on , honey ! stella quickly switch the channel . it 's Mrs. Miller again -- mrs . miller ( on tv ) who would do this ? why ?! she switch it again . mrs. miller ( on tv ) ( cont would ) -- never hurt anyone ! he 's sucha good man ! at wit 's end , stella snap the set off and get out of bed . annie why be that lady cry ? 24 . stella she 's what 's know as a sport widow . come on , I 'il read you a story . they exit . int . dial - up room -- night . the camera move down the row of agent and we see what they be work on : exactly what they be work on in the film 's open , and at the same measure pace . nothing have change until .... we stop on marsh , drive , exhaust , type fast , a finish chinese meal at she side . one small corner of she central monitor show Miller lie motionless , soak , breathe hard . nine of the twelve lamp be blaze now . the viewer counter have climb to 6,975,000 , and the estimate time of death have move below 5 hour . marsh interesting . the site block all foreign user . only US - base ip address can get on . griffin how patriotic . ( beat ) the e-mail offer Miller the oriole ticket , and the tip come into the tv station , be all send from different mail server , and they be all shut down ten second after the message be send . marsh no surprise . griffin wheel he chair over . he pull the egg roll out and read from a note pad -- griffin I searched every newsgroup and find the very first post that mention killwithme . it appear about thirty second after the site go up . ( read ) '' a cat catch in a mouse trap . how 's that for irony ? it 's stream live on killwithme.com . it 's awesome . check it out . '' ( beat ) ( more ) 25 . griffin ( cont would ) I trace it to a georgetown sophomore name Andrew kinross . but then I look closer and see the post do not actually originate from he computer . marsh we guy get into he machine and post it from there . griffin that would be my guess . marsh so let 's go after the originate computer 's ip . griffin it 's worth a shot . griffin wheel back to he desk . he be strike by the sight of Miller on the screen , stare straight at he . griffin ( cont would ) too bad he be not a Boy scout . he could blink morse code and tell we where he be . marsh smile and shake she head at griffin 's odd mind , then begin to type . int . basement -- night . Miller , cement into the floor , be slouched over , he skin burn violet , he lip and eyelid crust , face the video camera . the air shimmy with the fierce heat . Miller 's lifeless eye slowly lift . ten foot away , along the dirty wall , lie the dead kitten -- a maggoty patch of dry fur set in glue . close on a digital readout . when the viewer counter go over 8,000,000 , a hard drive flash and the tenth lamp whir to life . Miller 's eye widen and he moan helplessly . int . dial - up room -- same -- night . marsh and griffin have fall into a fast , efficient rhythm together - - marsh I be try to find a footprint on kinross 's box . 26 . griffin I think I see it . marsh right . griffin get it . marsh I have it , too . griffin running trace -route . we will get it . it 's be bounce through a relay -- marsh except it be not just mask -- it 's encrypt .... griffin ... using a dod encryption program . interesting . not a problem . as griffin type , he screen flash with graphic and data stream . the two work and relay information in perfect sync . griffin ( cont would ) okay , I have unencrypt the orig - inate ip . a couple of duplexer a firewall . a major firewall , as good as ours . marsh I just burn it down . griffin maybe he 's not as smart as we think . marsh maybe . griffin I be in he hard drive . I have get he root directory . marsh check out the recent activity . what 's he be up to ? griffin reading about he own site . I be sorry , but that 's just tacky . 27 . marsh let 's i.d. he . any commercial transaction ? griffin get the four-by - four digit of a credit card . first digit be a5 . marsh mastercard . I see it . Cross - reference with a on-line receipt from ... chang 's Three Rivers ? she glance at the chang 's Three Rivers bag right next to she . her expression change . griffin be oblivious . griffin he 's get good taste . marsh Orange Chicken , brown rice , and four egg roll -- that 's exactly what we order . except we get two egg roll . this get griffin 's attention . he look at marsh and , without break eye contact , slide open a desk drawer to reveal two more egg roll . marsh sit back , piss . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) he route we right back to we own computer . shit ! griffin so he 's not as smart as we think . he 's smarter . they sit for a moment , breathe hard , a bit spook . griffin ( cont would ) he 's in we network , you know . marsh not for long . Internal ops will -- a alert on she screen start to flash red . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) there . he 's purge . marsh 's treo vibrate . she look down , hit a key . on the screen , the text message be nothing but a field of random number . 28 . before marsh can react , she notice brook stride down the hall with detective John box . brook hold open a conference room door and gesture for marsh to join they . griffin maybe that 's the profiler you ask for . marsh ( get up ) not unless quantico 's change its dress code . int . dial - up conference room -- moment later -- night . marsh enter a bit warily . detective box stand , exhaust , look out the window , sip coffee . brooks Jennifer marsh -- detective John box . Baltimore PD 's get he on the Miller abduction . box turn to face she . a charge moment . some chemistry . maybe even a flicker of recognition . they shake hand . marsh a pleasure . he smile . slightly awkward beat . marsh ( cont have ) so , you be on the team ? you will be join the task force ? box no team , just I . brooks and we will not be use the task force until we have a better idea of what we have get here . marsh stare he down for a beat . marsh well , that 's idiotic . brooks ( amused , to box ) what have I tell you ? 29 . box ( with a smile ) it 's a wonder the State Department have not come call . marsh if you 'il excuse I -- brooks no , I will not . get back in here . marsh reluctantly obey . brooks ( cont would ) it 's past John 's bedtime -- give he what you have get , and he 'il do the same for you , then you can both go home . marsh now ? I still have -- brooks I be switch you to day . marsh ( sharply ) why ? I be on this schedule because of my daughter , so -- brooks you play nice now . brook exit , shutting the door behind he . tense silence . marsh exhales heavily and sit , resign -- marsh you first . box we find Miller 's car park three block from camden Yards . no print but he own . the stadium camera catch nothing . we be ask the public for they help . ( beat ) what else ? oh , yeah , I talk to he wife . still hold he coffee cup , box use he other hand to flip open he notebook . 30 . BOX ( cont have ) Patty . she 's a wreck . do not know why anyone would do this to he . he flip the notebook shut . that 's it . marsh can not help but smile . marsh thorough . BOX what can I say ? Miller 's a good guy . a veteran . coaches Little League . Church every Sunday . marsh then why have the subject pick he ? box '' subject ? '' what be this , science class ? marsh what would you prefer ? box how about the '' piece of shit ? '' marsh why have he pick Miller ? BOX I do not know . maybe it be random . marsh think for a few beat . marsh what about the guy who own the kitten ? you talk to he ? BOX hickman . yeah , he 's a jackass . box slap down a Baltimore Sun with a picture of a spike - haire , chubby malcontent in a orange - and - yellow uniform . BOX ( cont have ) he just want the collar back it cost he twelve buck on ebay . that 's a lot when you be a assistant manager at Burger King . 31 . marsh settles into think . box be intrigue by she intensity . BOX ( cont have ) what have you get for I ? she look at he , assess . then speak softly -- marsh there 's no such thing as a untraceable website ... but now I be not so sure . killwithme be like nothing I have ever see or imagine . as long as the prime-upload site be a ghost , this guy can kill Miller ... or anyone else he want ... he can invite the whole world to watch and join in ... and there 's not a thing we can do to stop it . box on you end . marsh that 's right . box guess I have some work to do . box rise from he chair . she watch he go . int . dial - up room hallway -- minute later -- evening . emerging from the room , box go one way and , moment later marsh go another . marsh walk back to she desk , begin pack up she stuff . she speak to griffin - - marsh wynn 's switch I to day . when she do not get a response , she look over and see griffin sit motionless . she walk over . look . a terrible sight : all twelve of the lamp glow red . Miller lie dead , he skin a deep purple , crack and peel , he hair smoking . the viewer counter be spin like a slot machine , move above 11,056,000 , and the estimate time of death have stop at 00:00:00 . 32 . griffin ( whisper ) there be time , but then the number ... they just explode . the text banner appear : rotfl ... tyfays ... mtc ... rotfl tyfays ... mtc ... rotfl ... tyftays ... mtc .... marsh read , think , then translate -- marsh Rolling on the floor laugh . thank you for all you support . more to come . angry but stoical , she go back to she desk . she unlock she drawer and jam she Glock back in she holster . she grab she jacket . on she way out , she murmur -- marsh ( cont have ) we will see about that . fade to black . fade in : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. mall -- early morning . the sun rise on the vast expanse of green . and so begin a slow visual tour of WASHINGTON D.C. at daybreak -- the museum , the park , the monument , historic georgetown , the White House .... over the gorgeous tour , we hear a splice jumble of various local tv and radio broadcast : audio jumble Herbert Miller ... the bramford man ... last see ten day ago ... stream live ... a grisly sight ... , authority report ... real or fake ... a stunt ... until a body be find speculation ... no one have claim responsibility ... since the site go black , rumor abound ... local authority ... the end or just the beginning ? ext . D.C. residential neighborhood -- later -- morning . bird sing on a gorgeous tree - line street of stately home , dapple with shadow . 33 . ext . D.C. house -- same -- morning . a big Colonial house . a suv be park in the driveway . the front door open and a spoiled preppie , 22 , emerge , carry a golf bag , speak on he cell phone -- spoiled preppie dude , he be so Red State . he drive a pick - up truck ... he tooth look like puppy chow .. and the haircut . what be that , a reverse mullet ? friend 0o.s. ( through the phone ) his girlfriend cut it . she 's french . spoiled preppie I know I hate she . he open the back of the suv . spoiled preppie ( cont have ) anyway , no way he 's step foot in my dad 's country club . call tucker or even that fat kid from -- his golf bag land with a weird thud . spoiled preppie ( cont have ) hold on . he open the hatch wider to look . he see a black trash bag fill with something . he unty it . he stagger back suck wind , as the purple , withere face of Herbert Miller plop out , connect only to Miller 's upper torso . int . marsh 's kitchen -- morning . Annie munch cereal . she look over , notice something , and smile -- annie mommy 's sleepy . stella , seat next to Annie , pour herself coffee , look over -- stella you know , I think she be . angle on marsh , look dead tired . 34 . marsh why do you say that ? she pretend to nod off , snore , into she oatmeal . Annie giggle . stella pour marsh some more coffee . stella it 's a big deal , you know , turn you schedule upside down . it 's crazy - make . or , in you case , crazy increase . marsh should not you be get senile soon ? stella but there be a upside . a normal schedule might lead to other normal activity . marsh ( wryly ) you mean d-a-t-i-n-g ? annie no spelling ! Annie blow a whistle on a cord around she neck . marsh jump out of she skin . marsh oh , baby ! too early ! stella do you see the pretty lanyard she make at day camp ? marsh 's cell phone ring . annoy , she open it and look at the caller id . she answer immediately - - marsh what 's up ? as she listen , she rise from she chair , shocked , she face grow more and more alarmed . Annie make a face at she grandmother . annie uh-oh. 35 . ext . D.C. residential STREET -- morning . helicopter shot : the Colonial house have be cordon off with yellow evidence tape , behind which stand dozen of onlooker , visibly excited , take photo with they cell phone . a Forensic Science unit Van be park outside , along with several police car . two coroner technician carry Miller 's remain in a zippere bag to they white van . as we hover overhead , we notice detective and uniformed officer at different doorway , question neighbor . and in the midst of all of this -- John box , stride across the lawn in a hurry . he jump into he car ext . baltimore CITY hall -- day . marsh hurry up the marble step of the historic building . ext . baltimore CITY hall corridor -- later -- day . marsh walk down the hall , swarm with activity , and stop at the Press room door , where she flash she badge . int . CITY hall PRESS room -- continuous -- day . marsh enter the bright , cluttere room , which be pack with network and cable tv crew , reporter , and photographer , in the middle of a press briefing . at the microphone stand michael beckett , Chief of the Baltimore Police , 60 's , silver - haire , red-cheek , read from prepare note . behind he stand John box , as well as representative from the secret service , the District Attorney 's office , and the local sheriff 's office . beckett -- at which time Trey restom , the son of California Congressman Joseph restom , discover the partial remain of Mr. Miller inside the vehicle . he immediately phone local authority , who respond - - int . baltimore CITY hall -- later -- day . marsh and box stride quickly down the hall -- 36 . box Miller be a god-damn chopper pilot . with what 's he connection to a U.S. Congressman ? marsh the killer have to dump the body somewhere . why not on a national stage ? box stop dead . box you be say there be no connec - tion ? he do it for a bullshit press conference ? marsh maybe . box what , to build up he fan base ? marsh they be not fan . they be accomplice . box take a beat , then , disgust , push through the ornate door . ext . CITY hall -- continuous -- day . box light a cigarette , as marsh emerge behind he . box but why have he pick restom , when he have 434 other dishonest , yellow - tie douche bag to choose from ? marsh good question . box throw she a smile , unused to the compliment . marsh ( cont have ) I know because I ask it myself . ( beat ) the director testify before he once . restom sit on the House Judiciary Committee . he 's a huge supporter of Net neutrality . all traffic treat equally . no restriction on content . 37 . BOX . you have think the piece of shit would be for that . marsh yeah , you would . they both think for a beat , then start to descend the step . marsh ( cont no ) what no you find on scene ? BOX a neighbor see some a van drive by around four a.m . another hear a car door slam a minute later . they assume it be the Post be deliver . they be wrong . as for restom 's car , no sign of force entry . so , it look like we guy 's a god-damn locksmith , too . ( beat ) today , my men’re gonna work the tech angle : computer company ... on- line electronics store ... that freak who build they own computer . marsh power user . I be one . he smile , check he watch , and descend faster . she struggle a bit to keep up . marsh ( cont have ) what 's the hurry ? BOX ( slow down ) a house call . Arthur James elmer . a engineer at a place call dynotech solution . he be fire six month ago for install a wireless web cam in the man 's room . his landlady say ever since the kitty bit the glue , he 's be talkin’ about the site non-stop . they reach he car . BOX ( cont have ) get in , we will go together . marsh no , thanks . 38 . BOX what 's wrong ? marsh I do not do field work . box but that 's where we guy life . marsh I be better behind a desk . anyway , brook mobilize the task force , so I really should .... his eye meet hers . he flip he cigarette and get into he car . BOX I 'il keep you post . marsh , anxious , watch he drive off . ext . run - down home -- day two uniformed cop stand outside , near a break , rusty fence , as box hurry up . box who 's get the warrant ? officer # 1 ( hand it over ) you do . box head up the path to the house . int . run - down home -- moment later -- day . knickknack , doily , and dust . box enter . at the end of the hall in the frilly kitchen , he see two officer talk to someone who block the basement door . we do not have a clear view . int . run - down home kitchen -- moment later -- day . box enter , glance around the kitchen , take it in , then he eye rest on arthur jame elmer , 30 , skinny , brainy , wear khakis and a stain T-shirt . elmer you be box ? box that 's right . 39 . elmer unusual name . box be not up to I . elmer you really think I baked that guy ? box maybe . elmer I be flatter . I find it highly entertaining . especially at the end . the way the viewership increase geometrically . like some sort of epidemic . you know , aids take twenty year to reach a million hit . killwithme do it in less than two hour . you know what they oughta do ? sell ad space . box stare , then slap the warrant onto he chest . a officer move elmer away from he door . the other officer lay he hand on he weapon and lead the way downstairs . int . elmer 's basement apartment -- continuous -- same . box walk down creak wooden step past a swinging light bulb into a dim , dirty basement apartment . every inch of the wall and ceiling be cover with a photo collage of young male model , cut from magazine , every inch cover in heavy shellack . box walk over to a large work table , cover with garbage , and bear a massive amount of computer equipment . a big monitor show the killwithme screen -- black . box spot a bucket next to the chair . pick it up . when the odor of urine hit he , he turn he head . the officer point to a bank of monitor -- officer guy 's get enemy . box look . the monitor show live web cam image of different view from around the house -- box no , he just think he do . 40 . elmer be lead into the room by the other Officer . box see stack of dvd 's everywhere , all bear handwritten label . BOX ( cont have ) you like movie , huh ? elmer who do not ? box me. you burn you own , huh ? box pop a dvd in a player and hit play . BOX ( cont would ) that 's illegal . elmer smirk . box hit pause , freezing the FBI warning about illegal copying . he throw elmer a dead -serious glance . BOX ( cont have ) you can not say we do not warn you . int . marsh 's work station -- later -- day . marsh walk quickly down the hall , check a message on she treo . she sense something and look over . griffin walk at she side , beam . marsh what be you do here ? griffin guess who brook ask to join the task force ? marsh smile at the happy surprise . int . task force meeting room -- later -- day . seat in the room be a dozen men and a couple of women : represent the County sheriff , the FBI , and the Baltimore and D.C. police department . brooks since we have get a few new member , let 's talk a minute to introduce ourselves . close on marsh , as the introduction quickly proceed . she hear a vibration . check she treo . a e-mail from Annie . she open it . Annie write : '' hi , momy . grandma be help I wthi the cpmter . I love you . '' 41 . marsh start to write back . griffin give she a gentle jab with he elbow . she look at he , do not understand . his eye bulge . she realize that it 's she turn . marsh sorry . Jennifer marsh . I ’ma supervisor here . griffin griffin dowd . I work here , too . in innocent image . which be just a poetic way of say internet kiddie porn . serial homicide 'il be a nice break . the last few people introduce themselves and wynn take over again -- brooks before we discuss a game plan , you should know that we do have a suspect . a search warrant have be issue for a Arthur James -- marsh elmer 's not we guy . all eye turn to marsh . brook smile -- brooks Ms. marsh have not leave she desk all day , and yet somehow she feel the confidence to declare -- marsh Friday , start at 1 p.m. , elmer be logge on to a chat room for twelve consecutive hour . at the time Miller disappear , elmer be busy try to arrange a private chat with the first tenor of the Gay Men 's chorus of Greater Tacoma . brook frown , then notice box stand at the open door brooks you hear that , John ? box she 's right . he 's not we guy . ( beat ) but it still feel good arrest he . 42 . a few chuckle . box fall into a seat next to marsh . ext . marsh 's backyard -- evening . the family be visible in the kitchen window , eat dinner . int . marsh kitchen -- same -- evening . the family eat . marsh how be day camp , honey ? do you have fun ? annie beebee make I cry . marsh she do ? how ? annie she call I '' pooper - scooper . '' she say Bridget make it up ... and Bridget say Ashley do , but Ashley say beebee do , and I believe she . marsh do it really matter ? who say it first ? Annie nod emphatically . this triggers a idea in marsh . she reflect for a few beat . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) would you excuse I for a second ? annie okay , but only one . marsh get up and leave the room . annie ( cont have ) one- one thousand . ( cry out ) mommy , come back ! she blow she whistle . stella burst out laugh . int . marsh 's bedroom -- moment later -- evening . as she turn on she computer , marsh hit she speed dial . the phone ring . griffin pick up -- 43 . griffin ( 0.s. ) ( from the phone ) hello ! marsh I catch you . intercut with : int . griffin 's bathroom -- same -- evening . have just finish shave , griffin slap on after-shave . griffin barely . I have get a big date tonight . marsh Big special or big overweight ? griffin I do not know . she 's from match.com . a legal secretary . marsh listen , I just have a think . maybe we move on too fast . what be the name of that college kid we guy use to promote he site ? griffin oh , you mean ...ummm .... kincaid ? no , kinross . Andrew . what about he ? marsh there be 1.3 billion internet user in the world . why do we guy choose he ? maybe they know each other . maybe there 's a connection . what do you think ? griffin I guess it 's worth look into . marsh ( start to type ) and there go my holiday weekend . griffin like you have anything plan . 44 . marsh I do . I be gonna crash you date , just to see the look of horror on she face when you split the check . griffin know what you be ? a playa hata . marsh ( with a laugh ) see you Monday . ( beat ) oh , and later tonight ? when you date end early ? would you mind take a closer look at Miller ? he pilote corporate executive . anyone from high tech or telecom ? member of Congress ? see if you can track down a customer list . griffin you get it . they hang up . all business now , she begin to type , she face take on a fierce expression that carry over into -- ext . marsh bedroom window -- later -- night . from across the STREET : frame in the glass , marsh work at she desk under a bright lamp . int . marsh 's bedroom -- day / night . various shot of marsh hard at work , she computer screen flash with data on kinross , chat room page , news group posting . she 's clearly not find what she 's look for . at one point , Annie interrupt , pull marsh from the desk by she hand . at another , marsh , dead on she foot , watch from she window as stella and Annie play catch in the front yard . int . annie 's bedroom -- later -- dawn . in bed , Annie lie sound asleep , sprawle amid paste , scissors , construction paper , and a stack of red-white - and - blue decoration . marsh sit down next to she , smile tenderly at the mess . she clear some of it away , then pull Annie 's blanket up higher . 45 . she kiss Annie 's cheek , then slowly lay she head down . as marsh 's eye flutter shut , the camera drift to the window , where the sun rise and bird sing . ext . residential STREET -- morning . bird also sing on a charming neighborhood of generous middle - class home set back amid thick foliage . american flag hang from many of they . a big , black BMW glide down the block . int . BMW -- same -- morning . jerry carver , 40 's , handsome , tan , well - coiff , drive slowly , look between a slip of paper in he hand and the pass address . finally , he pull into the secluded driveway of a middle - class home and park behind a big , gold cadillac . ext . middle -class home -- moment later -- morning . carver , admire the house , walk up to the front door . he push the doorbell . while he wait , he look around , admire the garden , the oak tree , the fence . right next to carver , at a side window , a curtain part anda young man look out . carver do not notice . meet owen , 30 , he skin unwholesome , he eye devoid of light . he study carver for a few long beat , then he disappear . moment later , just as carver be about to press the bell again , Owen open the door . his smile be bright , but stiff , as though he face might crack . carver try to hide he surprise at the young man 's disturbing appearance . owen you be right on time . carver yeah , it 's a curse . I have spend half my life wait for people . carver flash a warm smile and extend a manicure hand . carver ( cont have ) Jerry carver . Owen look at the hand as though he have never see one before . then he smile and shake it without force . 46 . carver ( cont have ) great address , by the way . eights bring prosperity . owen I do not know that . carver Love the caddy , too . as carver move past he and disappear inside , Owen look out at the car . owen it have a dent , but I get it fix . ext . marsh 's backyard -- day . griffin stand on a picnic table , thread a garland of Annie 's decoration into the branch of a tree . griffin you make ‘em all by yourself ? annie grandma help a little . my mom could not , ' cause she be work on the computer . griffin she work hard , huh ? Annie nod emphatically . griffin ( cont would ) how 's that ? Annie grin up at she handiwork . int . middle -class home -- later -- morning . Owen stand in the live room , he face impassive , while carver admire the decor , which be in a contemporary asian style . carver you like Asia , I guess . owen just Korea . awkward beat . 47 . carver ( 0.s. ) well , you make it work owen thank you . another awkward silence . carver so ... you gonna let I see ‘em ? owen of course . follow owen , lead carver through the spotless house . all of the room be decorate in the rosewood , teak , and porcelain . carver chatter uneasily -- carver I gotta tell ya , a 710 pullman and a 712 observation car ? when I read you e-mail , I almost pass out . if they be really in mint condition -- owen dad and I use to play with they . and we play ping -pong . and we build thing . toys. contraption . we have quite a workshop . Owen stop and fix carver with a dead stare . owen ( cont have ) he pass away last year . carver oh , I be sorry to hear that Owen nod slowly , then open a small door , revealing a dark narrow staircase , descend into pitch blackness . he hit the light , smile , and gesture for carver to go first . carver obey , a bit reluctantly . as he pass by , Owen touch a taser to the back of carver 's neck . 50,000 volt . carver drop like a sack of potato down the stair , which blend with -- ext . marsh 's backyard -- day . griffin dump charcoal into the grill . marsh , arrange beverage in a cooler of ice -- marsh so how be you date ? 48 . griffin not bad . but I think today 's will be better . she 's a social worker . she x11 be hear any minute . marsh ( amused ) you be kid . griffin no -- so behave . ( beat ) how be you weekend ? marsh I only make it through a few month of kinross 's post . it 's insane . the kid be on line sixteen hour a day ... push website , share link , upload video .... griffin be ? not anymore ? marsh not since he die . ( off griffin 's shock ) a month ago . of something call diabetic ketoacidosis . it happen when you skip you insulin for a few day . within a few hour of he body be discover , the site go up and he recommendation appear . griffin you think we guy kill he ? marsh I do not know . the coroner call it accidental . ( beat ) what no you find on Miller ? griffin not much . his company cater mostly to corporate attorney and banker who need to get in and out of D.C. in a hurry . no serious tie to politics or high tech . griffin toss in a match and the coal burst into flame . 49 . int . owen 's basement -- day . nake but for boxer and black sock , Jerry carver lie unconscious , bruise , gag , slump against the fold - up picnic table . his torso be snake with patriotic bunt . a i1.v. tube be bury in he clavicle and tape in place . a few foot away , we see the rotting shape , embed in the cement floor , of where Herbert Miller be cut in two . suddenly , one of Jerry carver 's lifeless arm jerk to life like a marionette 's . then the other one do . they both snap up and bang back against the ping -pong table . we realize that he arm be be control by ethernet cable tie to both wrist , and connect to a crank . as the cable be stretch tighter , carver 's body rise and he arm spread wider and wider . come to , carver begin to moan , turn he head from side to side . Owen walk out from behind the table . he kneel open a tool box and remove a metal tool mean to scrape paint from window pane . from a tiny cardboard sheath , Owen slip out a double -edge razor blade and slip it into the tool . ext . marsh 's backyard -- late afternoon . a pack of child swarm and scatter , laugh and scream with delight , spraying each other with squirt gun . at a picnic table , parent chat , eat hotdog and burger , sip beer . marsh , hold a beer , stand alone , watch as the sun bleed below the tree line . she turn and see Annie happily squealing , back against a flower bed , drench by she friend . marsh look over and see griffin man the grill . griffin glance at marsh and they eye click like billiard ball . they share a smile . it 's interrupt by -- BOX ( 0.c. ) hey , there . box stand there , look a bit self - conscious , overdress , hold a bouquet of flower . a dab of bloody kleenex be stick to he neck . marsh you make it . 50 . box barely . marsh ( be : the flower ) you gonna give I that , or make I pry ‘em out of you cold , dead hand ? box . ( dryly ) surprise . she take they . she see griffin look over , watch . stella , too . great . then , as marsh reflexively inhale the flower , Annie run over -- annie mommy , can I smell they , too ? marsh sure , bug. she scoops she up onto the bench . Annie inhale they . marsh ( cont have ) John , this be my daughter Annie . box hi , Annie . annie hello , John . as before , a subtle look of recognition come over box . he smile warmly at she . box you must be about ...ummm ... six and three quarter , I 'il bet . annie ( delighted ) how do you know that ? marsh be curious , too , and a bit uneasy , but before box can answer , she treo vibrate . she check it . her face change . she and box meet eye . she answer it -- marsh marsh . as she listen , she stand up , she eye fill with alarm . 51 . she quickly look over at griffin . he 's notice the moment he quickly cross over and whisper in stella 's ear . she take immediate action -- stella Annie , honey ! come here ! with we be gonna play a game ! marsh honey , go to grandma . Annie start to run to she , but then , no fool , Annie stop dead and whip around , just in time to see she mother , box , and griffin rush away -- annie you could at least say good - bye ! marsh whip around -- marsh I be so sorry , baby ! I x11 make it up to you ! TI promise ! they hurry on , but then , at the gate , run right into melanie 30 , a lovely young woman , carry a bottle of wine -- melanie I be look for griffin ? he say -- ( beat ) wait , that 's you ! hi ! griffin grab she by the elbow -- griffin I be so sorry . gotta run . he race away with marsh and box . Melanie be bewilder . she see Annie , look up at she . annie you get use to it . int . BOX 's speed car -- later -- afternoon . box speed along the highway with he siren attach to the roof , wail . marsh work she laptop in the passenger seat . griffin sit in back , look at marsh 's screen , wait . when the image come up , marsh and griffin react box look over as best he can , while he drive . on the screen , he see Jerry carver tie to the upright ping - pong table , wrestle and scream into he gag . 52 . into he torso , killwithme.com have be cut with a razor . the delicate letter trickle blood . box sick , fuckin’ bastard . griffin what do the crawl say ? marsh '' the more that watch , the faster he drain . '' box drain ? griffin 2,513,000 viewer . estimate time of death : 18 hour , 33 minute . int . teenage boy 's backyard -- late afternoon . a teenage boy , smoking a joint , lie on he hammock , with a OPEN laptop computer on he lap . on the other side of a nearby fence , a barbecue be in progress . the teen laugh , sputtering , watch a home video clip of a kid get hit in the bare chest by a Roman candle . the moment when the firework knock the kid off he foot play over and over again in slow motion . ping ! the teenager get a instant message : << dude , kwm -- back up !>> excite , the teenager take a hit off he joint and click on the little red heart of he favorite place . killwithme.com load . when he see Jerry carver strapped to the table , he laugh so hard that he choke on he smoke , but then he abruptly notice something unbelievable . he put he nose right up to the screen to be sure . no way ! he fly out of the hammock almost drop he laptop , and rush over to the fence -- teenage boy jesse ! yo , jesse ! int . task force command CENTER -- riverton -- later . box , griffin , and other member of the Task Force watch carver on a large plasma computer monitor . the viewer counter read 4,112,000 . estimate time of death be just above 15 hour . marsh work intently , off to the side , on she laptop . 53 . box wait , I know this guy ! griffin I , too . that -- that 's not -- peterson , 30 's , a deputy sheriff , enter , a bit wind -- peterson ( 0.s. ) Jerry carver . griffin right ! a reporter . Peterson hand over a headshot from the C - span website . peterson until last year , when he move to D.C. to host a show for C - span . he visit he mother this morning in Silver Springs . then he be suppose to take a look at a antique train set he want to buy , and be home by noon for a family cookout . he never show . at half past one , the neighbor 's kid call and say Jerry be be , and I quote '' crucify on a ping - pong table . '' brook enter , start to unwind a bit . he walk over to the screen . brooks now , how on earth be he go to control this man 's time of death ? he 's threaten to drain he ? how ? that be no deeper than paper cut . marsh swing she chair away from she computer screen . marsh it 's not the cut . it 's he blood . she screen-capture the i.v. bag hang above carver 's head , as well as a small metal box , through which its content pass on they way to carver 's chest . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) this box regulate the amount of the solution flow into carver see the cable ? ( more ) 54 . marsh ( cont would ) it 's connect to he computer . which mean he have complete control over the dosage . brooks dosage of what ? she screen-capture carver 's agonize feature and magnify they . marsh his nose be start to bleed . I be guess the bag contain some sort of anti-coagulant . box ( eye on the screen ) so the more people who visit the site , the more drug be release , and the faster carver bleed ? marsh yup . brooks wonderful . peterson ( study the counter ) the number of viewer be move slower than last time . be there any chance people be lose interest ? box no , they be just more interested in firework . marsh for now . brooks well , it 's high time we talk some sense to they . marsh throw a alarmed look at brook , as he pick up a telephone . int . baltimore CITY hall corridor -- early evening . the Task Force hurry down the hall . marsh have manage to get up alongside brook -- 55 . marsh but this be exactly what he want ! anything we say , any publicity help he ! brooks we will see about that . before she can protest , brook burst through door into -- int . baltimore CITY hall PRESS room -- continuous . marsh try to regain he attention -- marsh please , just hear I out ! too late . brook be greet by colleague and associate . the rest of the Task Force enter around she . int . baltimore CITY hall PRESS room -- later -- afternoon . under the glaring light of media camera , Chief of Police beckett speak at a lectern to a room pack with national press -- chief beckett we be gather here to share some information in regard to criminal conduct that have originate in the Baltimore metropolitan area , but which have far-reach implica - tion . angle on BOX and brooks , stand at beckett 's side . they hear click . they look over and see marsh seat , click - ing away at she laptop . chief beckett ( cont would ) because of the uniqueness of the crime and because the FBI be able to provide resource critical to this investigation , I have ask they to lead the inter-agency task force assign to the case . back to marsh , who study killwithme.com . the viewer counter be still fairly low -- 5,406,000 . the estimate time of death be still at over 11 hour . the blood from the letter cut in carver 's chest and from he nose run faster . he still struggle to free himself . 56 . marsh screen -capture and magnify a detail off the site . it 's the killer 's mute tv , show beckett 's face live at the press conference , perfectly in sync with the word we be hearing in the background : chief beckett ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) now let I turn it over to special agent in charge of the FBI 's cybercrime division -- wynn brook . back to scene , as marsh go back to she full screen and brook , grim -face , step to the microphone . brooks thanks , Chief . ( beat ) two week ago , a man be kill in cold blood on the Internet . this sadistic murder , stream live , be facilitate by individual who visit the killer 's website , believe , no doubt , that what they be watch be a mere stunt . ( beat ) I can assure you that it be not . angle on marsh , stare at she computer screen . her eye react as the viewer counter begin to fly upward at a much faster rate . brooks ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) now , today , a second individual have be take hostage , and he life , too , be in jeopardy . the counter move even faster . marsh look over at box , she eye urgent . box see the screen , look over at brook . decide whether to intervene . with every word brook say the viewer counter spin faster -- brooks ( cont would ) Mr. carver be know to many of you . but he be more than a distinguished reporter , he be also a dote father to two son , Eric and jesse ... a loving husband to he wife Louise ... a devote son to he mother beatrice . this be not a hoax . not a video game . it 's real . all - too-real . any visit to this site ... to this criminal enterprise ... will hasten the demise of Mr. carver , something that none of we could possibly wish for . 57 . brook clearly feel that he have accomplish something . he look down and see marsh 's screen . his face twist with disbelief . the viewer counter spin wildly . blood pour down from the letter on carver 's chest . carver scream as the swell and pain build . brook , shake , look at marsh , then back at the press , then at the camera -- brooks ( cont would ) you government be ask you to say away from this website ! and to spread the word to you family , friend , and neighbor ! marsh watch in horror , as on the screen , in slow motion , carver arch he back and scream into he gag . blood squirt from he eye and run down he cheek . real-time . marsh gasp . brook look , see the nightmare , and be at a complete loss . see the look on he face , the Press begin to murmur and grow uneasy . box , unable to help himself , lean down to the microphone - - box if you visit the site ... you be a accessory to murder ! you may not believe it , but it 's the truth ! you be he murder weapon ! marsh stare in horror , as on the screen , carver look as though he will explode . he be in absolute agony , flopping like a fish on a line . blood pour down he chest and from he ear , eye , mouth , nose . he arch he back and let out a final mute scream . abruptly , it explode into gut - wrenching SOUND , which we can only hear because now we be in -- int . owen 's basement -- same -- evening . suddenly , carver slump , too weak even to lift he head . his bleary , bloody eye slowly rise and stare at we . a accusation ? suddenly , a lightning - fast montage start , flash around the country , from computer to computer , show the vast spectrum of people watch carver . 58 . it include people from every walk of life , of every age , class , and race ; some be tearful , some morbidly fascinate , some disgust , other laugh . finally we land on another angle , and we see that carver be not stare at we . he 's stare at Owen who , move behind the blink camera , calmly adjust one of he light . carver 's bloody gag slip a few inch . surprise , see a glimmer of hope , carver work he tongue , try to make it fall farther . but then a fresh wave of pain hit he and he pants be suddenly drench with blood . int . CITY hall conference room -- later . the Task Force surround marsh , who sit at a City Hall desk with she laptop . beckett good God ! griffin his lip be move ! marsh screen -capture and magnify carver 's mouth . the gag have fall farther . we can see he lip . marsh bark at griffin - - marsh get Tim on the phone ! Tim wilk hurry ! ( to all ) his gag slip ! he 's try to tell we something ! griffin hand marsh the phone - - marsh ( cont have ) ( into the phone ) Tim , be you at the site ? int . dial - up room -- riverton -- day . wilk sit at he desk in front of a '' speak and read '' telephone for the deaf . wilk yes . across the telephone screen , whatever marsh say spit out in type text . 59 . marsh ( 0.s. ) capture carver 's mouth . magnify it . what 's he say ? wilk capture the image , magnify it , lean down close to the screen to read carver 's lip . wilk eight .... eight ... eight .... wait ... then .... Green something . he 's try again . oh , I get it . okay . it 's a address , I think . eight ... eight ...0... eight ... greenleaf -- int . CITY hall conference room -- later . the Task Force can not believe they luck . peterson there 's a greenleaf in Silver Springs , three block from he mother 's nursing home . wilk ( 0.s. ) ( from the phone ) he 's try again ! everyone turn to look at carver on the screen , but , almost immediately , he vomit what look like coffee grounds all over himself , and then , a moment later , like a giant spider a hand appear over the lens , hold a lens cap , and the screen go black . marsh shit ! beckett let 's get he ! as everyone rush out of frame , hold on the screen . the viewer counter read 7,610,000 . the estimate time of death be over 5 hour , 25 minute . ext . police headquarters helipad -- dusk . a helicopter land on the roof . beckett , box , and griffin race toward it . marsh hesitates with fear . box grab she by the hand . they eye lock . he haul she toward the chopper ext . maryland highway -- dusk . three maryland county sheriff car race down the highway , light flash , siren scream . 60 . ext . suburban maryland -- same -- dusk . the helicopter roar over a canopy of tree into the maryland suburb . int . helicopter -- same -- dusk marsh , strapped in , hand tremble , stare at she computer . the site be back up . carver 's gag be back in place . his head hang lifeless now , drip blood from the chin . his body be a bloody mess . the viewer counter be at 8,595,000 . the estimate time of death be at 3:43:06 . marsh and box meet eye . ext . middle -class home -- later -- dusk . we have be here before . sheriff deputy wear body armor , swarm across the lawn , take up a perimeter . carver 's BMW be no longer park behind the cadillac in the driveway . int . middle -class home -- moment later -- dusk . the door explode off its hinge as sheriff 's deputy storm in , weapon draw . they see no one . they race through the house , kick open door . a deputy with a walkie-talkie to he ear , scream out -- deputy # 1 the basement ! two deputy kick the basement door off its hinge . gun draw , they shine they light in . deputy # 2 sheriff ! down on the floor ! hand where I can see ' em ! now ! one hit the basement light . int . middle -class home basement -- continuous -- dusk . the two deputy storm sideways down the stair , point they weapon . the basement be order , tidy , asiatic . a exercise bike . a massage bed . a buddha . not Owen 's bloody workshop . a different basement ext . middle -class home -- minute later -- evening . the helicopter land in the middle of the block - off street . marsh , box , beckett , and griffin exit the chopper and head toward the house . neighbor have gather behind a yellow police cordon . a deputy hurry out to meet the threesome . 61 . deputy # 1 basement 's clean . marsh that 's impossible . he 's stream live . be there any other greenleaf around here ? deputy # 1 sure , but this be the place all right . marsh do not understand . int . middle -class home kitchen -- moment later . deputy # 1 lead everyone in -- deputy see ? a laptop computer sit open on the kitchen table . on the screen , carver lie dead , he head hang limply , he nose and chin drip blood . the viewer counter fly past 13,000,000 and the estimate time of death have stop at 00:00:00 . the text crawl read : tnxe6 ... ttksf ... b4n ... tnxe6 ... ttksf ... b4n ... tnxe6 ... ttksf..b4n .... marsh thanks a million ... try to keep a straight face ... bye for now . the emoticon wave good - bye . a terrible silence fall over the group . beckett ( check he watch ) it take less than six hour . box twice as fast as Miller . griffin and that 's on a holiday . marsh ( half to herself ) and none of the people who kill he think they do anything wrong . ( more ) 62 . marsh ( cont would ) they just visit a website , like they do every day ... to check the news ... they stock .... ( beat ) or watch a skateboarder break he arm . a pedestrian get run over . two stranger have sex . a innocent journalist get behead . box shake he head , appal -- box when do the world go fuckin’ insane ? I use my computer to send mail and get sport score . marsh smile at griffin - - marsh he 's be hide in the field too long . griffin look meaningfully at box and point to the laptop -- griffin it 's a jungle in there . the point land . then , slowly , marsh look around , think , piece it together -- marsh carver give we this address because this be where he be capture . he be move later , but he do not know it . ext . middle -class home -- minute later -- night . box stride across the yard , cover he cell phone and mutter to one of he men as it 's be cordon off with yellow evidence tape . box I want this place scrubbed . I do not care if it 's fuck soy sauce . I want every drop , every fibre i.d. 'ed . and find he god -damn car ! the cop nod and walk off . box return to he phone call -- BOX ( cont have ) ma’am , please try again . check every folder . 63 . find marsh , stand on the perimeter of the activity , at the sidewalk , think , look up and down the block . gradually , she see something that catch she attention . across the street sit a volkswagen bus . she frown and start to walk over to it . follow marsh , get closer and closer to it , when -- BOX ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) Jennifer ! she turn . there 's box , pockete he phone and approach with he notebook . she meet he half way . in the background , we see neighbor hold back by police tape . among they be Owen , chat quietly with neighbor , he eye never leave marsh . when marsh reach box -- BOX ( cont have ) carver 's wife say he be contact about the train set through the C - span website . in he bio , he mention he 's a collector . she 's try to find the e-mail . marsh it will trace to a dead server . who own the house ? box Tom Park ...60 's , a widower . right now , he 's visit he mother for she birthday . in South Korea . marsh who would know that ? box only a few thousand people . Park own a local market . he close it down for two week every July so he can make the trip . marsh we guy must be a customer . 64 . box we will see what Park can tell we . meanwhile , we ’1ll conduct a '' neigh - borhood . '' look like a pretty close - knit community . maybe somebody see something . he walk away . marsh John ? box stop and turn . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) Andrew kinross ... a georgetown sophomore ... die June 2nd . the coroner say it be accidental . I do not think so . see if he ’1ll take a second look . box you get it . a warm beat . he go back to work . marsh stand there reflect . then she remember . she turn around . the vw bus have vanish . she be not sure what to make of it . ext . highway -- morning . Cars move in both direction as far as the eye can see . radio talk jock ( 0.s. ) hey , I just take a look once the guy be dead . I wanna hear from one of you sickos who help kill the poor bastard ! int . marsh 's moving suv -- same -- morning . marsh drive in rush hour , she face unreadable . radio talk jock ( 0.s. ) folk , the board just light up like a Christmas tree . disgust , marsh change the channel . radio female talk jock ( 0.s. ) -- the list of who my girlfriend and I think he should kill next number 1 : Paris Hilton 's dog . number 2 : Paris Hilton . number 3 - - 65 . marsh change the channel again . radio minister -- the samaritan of today give comfort to the fall stranger on the road to jericho ? oh , no , because he travel the information super-highway ! he 's oblivious to the reality of human suffer , because he life ina virtual reality ! Friends , the world wide web be nothing more than -- marsh change the channel again . mozart . she leave it . ext . cyber division headquarters -- morning . media truck and score of reporter crowd the gate . marsh , hat it , drive through the crowd . Reporters yell question and flash photo , as she pass . ext . cyber division headquarters lot -- later -- morning . marsh , walk quickly across the crowded parking lot , near the front entrance . box lean against the building , smoking , sip coffee read the Washington Post . she walk over . he show she the article he 's read . it bear a handsome professional headshot of carver . BOX they condemn the site , refuse to publish its name , then they mention that it 's all over the web and that a eight year old could find it . box flip he cigarette and move . BOX ( cont have ) I guess it do not matter . it 's out there . it 's everywhere . as he and marsh enter the building , he drop the newspaper in the trash . off the newspaper headshot of Jerry carver -- dissolve to the real jerry carver , hang dead from the ping - pong table , crust black with dry blood . fly swarm in celebration . behind he , the viewer counter fly past 31,000,000 .... 66 . the camera move over to reveal Owen , oblivious to the horror , sit at a work table , hunch over he computer . close on he computer screen , fill with mundane folder . his cursor move from folder to folder , decide which one to open . it stop on '' photo . '' click . a long list jpeg file open . the cursor move to one mark '' drunk I . '' click a color photo of marsh open , show she year ago , laugh at a bar , with she pal from quantico . Owen close it . move he cursor down the list . stop on one mark '' Mom . '' a photo open of stella , beam with happiness , feed Annie as a two - year-old . Owen close it . move he cursor . stop on another photo and click . a photo of Annie open , as we know she today , grin and adorable , on a playground swing . Owen stare at it for a long , long time . int . ascending elevator -- minute later -- morning . marsh and box be alone in the elevator . they eye meet in the silver reflection of the door . box Annie forgive you for bail on the cook -out ? marsh only after I read she three bedtime storey . box a small price to pay . marsh smile and she eye bounce away . box study she reflection . she catch he look . marsh what ? BOX I know you be familiar . ( beat ) Rick and I come up together . ( no reaction ) haskins . marsh stare , blink a few time . 67 . marsh he introduce we ? box no , we never meet . I just see you . at he funeral . marsh nod slowly , revealing nothing . the door open separate they reflection . int . task force command CENTER -- later -- morning . the room be crowded with local agent , set up a more complex command center . a huge map of the area cover one wall . more computer have be bring in . on one large plasma screen , we see carver 's dead body , with the viewer counter spin past 38,000,000 . box and marsh enter and look around at all the activity . griffin walk over , excited , speak under he breath - griffin brook finally make it a special ... and he bring in the profiler you ask for . two , in fact . marsh it 's about time . BOX what 's a special ? griffin when we transfer agent from other division to cover we regular case , so we agent , who know the area , can join the task force . marsh what wake he up ? griffin a phone call from the director . who get one from the Secretary of homeland Security . whose niece use to date Jerry carver 's son . marsh have to smile at the absurdity . marsh I guess all politics be local . 68. int . task force command CENTER -- later -- day later . marsh , box , and griffin sit with two dozen other officer some uniform , some not , from a variety of agency listen to FBI profiler hank daigle , 55 , burly , crusty , genial - - daigle well , the son of a bitch know he way around a computer . he know something about medicine , too . be he a psychopath ? to some extent sure . no conscience . see other people as article ... object ... to be control with violence . he 's probably on the young side , too . might already have serve some jail time . his partner mike inman , late 30 's , a straighter arrow , join in -- inman but in real life , mental disorder do not come in tidy package . they overlap sometimes , which be what I think we be look at here . the lack of a sexual component , for example -- that 's abnormal for psychopath . so be he mastery of computer . psychopath lack the focus to excel at much of anything . so , my guess be the subject 's get paranoid tendency , as well . which would make he a less social individual , more likely to withdraw into cyberspace and -- box what do you think the piece of shit 's try to say with this killing ? people be surprised by the interruption , and some be confuse by the question . not marsh . daigle sound like you have get a theory . box take a beat to order he thought . as he speak , marsh become increasingly interested in , and impressed by , what he have to say : 69 . BOX there be plenty of way to kill . we guy invite the public to join in . the american public . no foreigner allow . and he invite they to kill who ? fellow Americans . good citizen . that plus the cartoon , the music -- if you ask I , it show contempt not just for the victim , but for every - one who watch ... all he helper . he remind I of the unabomber ... a paranoid with delusion of grandeur ... using violence to critique society . in other word , a fuckin’ terrorist . except what this one 's try to say I be not sure . guess I will have to wait and read he manifesto . ( beat ) that make any sense ? inman it do , and I 'il answer with a question . Society 's be around a long time . why do the subject start attack it now ? start kill now ? I have be on the lookout for a incite event , something personal in a suspect 's life that might have set he off . marsh take this in . int . cyber division hallway -- later -- day . as the meeting adjourn , Task Force member fill the hallway . marsh walk up to box -- marsh I think you be right . it 's not just about the victim . it 's also about the people who watch . all of we . he grab Miller at a baseball game ... dump he body ina Congressman 's car ... kill carver on the fourth , wrap in red , white , and blue . the next guy he 'il probably choke to death with apple pie . box if it be a guy . 70 . this stop marsh . he step close and whisper -- BOX ( cont have ) if you ever feel like you need some extra security , do not hesitate to call . he smile , touch she beneath the chin , and walk off . she 's leave a little breathless . ext . cyber division headquarters -- later -- afternoon . long shot , as box walk alone across the parking lot to he car . int . BOX 's car -- moment later -- afternoon . box get in and start the engine . rock music blare from he stereo . he look over he shoulder , back up , turn the wheel , shift gear , and drive off . int . cyber division headquarters -- evening . a printer spit out the last of a big document . griffin hurriedly grab it , add it to a huge stack of papers , and carry it away . follow griffin , carry the load over to he desk and drop it there next to two other huge stack . griffin every post kinross leave in the last year . marsh Jesus . griffin and this . he hold up two disk . griffin ( cont would ) one for you and one for I . every video clip he ever upload . that be he real hobby . pull sick shit off the net and posting it on shock -video site . griffin slip in he disc and type into he keyboard . griffin ( cont would ) this be last thing he post before he die . ( more ) 71 . griffin ( cont would ) sort of a personal great hit . he call it the '' my best of the worst . '' griffin click . marsh settles on the corner of he desk . menace rock accompany a fast , grisly , one - minute montage of car accident , police shooting , street fight convenience store murder , athlete 's break limb , traffic helicopter footage of a suicidal man lift a rifle to he mouth .... before the man pull the trigger , marsh grab griffin 's mouse and stop the movie . marsh I get the idea . griffin ( sarcastic ) poor Andy . he have so much to offer the world . marsh sigh and eye the huge stack of post . marsh guess we have better get digging . marsh start to divide the heaps into two even stack . int . marsh 's home / griffin 's home -- all night . a sequence of marsh and griffin , work at they respective desk , wading through the ream of paper . both of they be bleary - eye with exhaustion , but then , near dawn , something startles griffin . it 's one of the post and he be not sure what to make of it . he walk over and insert he copy of the kinross disc into he computer int . car -- same -- late night . driver 's Pov , as a car pull up and park . the camera turn and we see marsh 's house across the street , dark , bath in moonlight . the driver shut off the engine . int . anniee bedroom -- morning Annie lie asleep in early morning light . int . marsh hallway -- later -- morning . Annie , still half - asleep , rub a knuckle in she eye , pad down the hall and stop at she mother 's half - open door . 72 . annie mommy ? int . marsh bedroom -- moment later -- morning . Annie enter and see marsh , asleep in a pool of papers . annie mommy ? ! marsh do not wake . Annie blow she whistle . marsh jump out of she skin . marsh oh , bug ! do not do that ! you scared I ! annie you work too much . marsh I know , baby . I be sorry . but it 's so important . annie I be hungry and it 's too early to wake up grandma . marsh I think you just do . marsh hoist herself up . marsh ( cont no ) I 'il tell you what , watch cartoon for five minute , and I 'il be right down to make we some french toast Annie grin and run away . int . marsh 's stairwell -- moment later -- morning . Annie rush down the stair and slide in she stock foot toward the live room . int . marsh live room -- continuous -- morning . Annie jump up on the couch and point the tivo remote at the tv . nothing . she do it over and over again and it still do not work . confused , she open the battery compartment and look inside . 73 . int . marsh bedroom -- later -- morning . the shower be run behind the half - open bathroom door . Annie enter , carry the tivo remote . as she pass the desk , a chime from she mom 's computer . Annie stop and look at the screen . it 's killwithme.com . and it show a video image of marsh 's house . Annie walk closer . the family cat be clearly visible in one of the upper window . Annie turn she head and look . sure enough , six foot away , the cat be in the window . Annie , not sure how this could be , climb up on the chair and turn the monitor toward the window . then she walk over to the window , push aside the cat , and wave she hand . she look over at the monitor and see herself wave on the screen . delighted , she walk to the open bathroom door . over she shoulder , we see the outline in the plastic curtain of marsh shower . annie there 's a movie of we house on the computer ! marsh ( over the water ) watch whatever you want , honey ! i’1l be right down ! Annie be not sure what to make of that . int . marsh 's stairwell -- moment later -- morning . Annie pad back down the stair . she be about to walk back to the tv , but , curious , she walk into the foyer instead , and look out one of the little window at the side of the front door . int . marsh bedroom -- continuous -- morning . the phone ring . marsh enter the frame , wear jeans and a T-shirt , drying she hair . she check she caller id before she answer . marsh detective , be not it a little early for - - 74 . we hear box scream something through the phone . marsh look over at the computer and she heart leap into she throat . over the image of she house flash the word in red : '' come soon ! '' marsh ( cont have ) oh , God ! she throw down the phone and race out the door -- marsh ( cont have ) Annie ! int . marsh 's hallway -- continuous -- morning . marsh run toward the stair -- marsh Annie ! stella burst out of a bedroom -- stella what on earth -- marsh check she bedroom ! marsh make for the stair . int . marsh 's stairwell -- continuous -- morning . marsh come bound down the stair and see the live room empty . marsh annie ! annie ! she race through the house , look in the kitchen . at the dining room hutch , she pull out of a hide key , unlock the drawer , remove she Glock , and slam in the clip . suddenly , a noise from behind she . the front door knob be jiggled . marsh , gun aim , move toward the noise . as she get closer , the knob continue to jiggle . stella walk down the stair , terrify . marsh frantically gesture for she to get back and be silent . marsh , chest heaving , grab the door knob . marsh swing the door open , gun poise , ready to shoot . it 's Annie . on the verge of tear , chin tremble , she say -- 75 . annie the door get lock . suddenly , outside , siren blare . marsh lower she gun , and , gasp for breath , grab Annie and hug she with all she might . stella rush down to they . ext . marsh 's house -- same -- morning . two police car pull up , one from each direction . cop spill out , weapon draw . two surround a car park across the street . two race toward the house . int . marsh 's foyer --_same -- morning . marsh gesture for the cop to stop . from inside the embrace , Annie ask -- annie do I do something bad ? marsh no , baby , everything 's okay now . annie be we still gonna have french toast ? marsh kiss Annie over and over again , then hand she to stella , who groan as she take she . stella such a big girl you be . stella head to the kitchen . as marsh hurry outside , two more police car screech to a stop outside . ext . marsh 's house -- continuous -- morning . marsh , furious , stride across the lawn . cop # 1 everything okay inside , mar ’am ? she walk right past they toward the car park across the street . a big , black BMW . we recognize it . a web cam be visible , attach to the roof . CUT to : close on a computer screen , as marsh , furious , walk closer and closer to we . when she reach we , pull out she weapon and swing it at the camera . the image go haywire , then black . 76 . widen to reveal -- int . owen 's basement -- same -- morning . qwen , sit at he computer , smile at she reaction . ext . marsh 's STREET -- same -- morning . the camera land with a clatter at the curb . marsh breathes hard , try to calm herself . in the background , we hear -- cop # 1 ( 0.s. ) Virginia plate . cop # 2 ( 0.s. ) I 'il check the glove compartment . marsh ( half to herself ) I know whose car it be . no one hear she . cop # 1 ( 0.s. ) pop the trunk , will ya ? Dave let 's get this fingerprinted ! we hear the trunk open . cop # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) oh , shit ! wider on marsh , as she turn and see cop # 1 , shrink from the horror of what 's inside . marsh walk over and look . a black , crusty mess , barely identifiable as human , cover with patriotic bunt and swarm with fly . marsh it 's he . ext . marsh kitchen -- later -- morning . marsh , Annie , and stella eat they french toast . in every window , policemen be visible walk back and forth , go about they task . marsh know what I be think ? since camp 's almost over , we should go on vacation . today . we could stay ina nice hotel , and you could swim in the pool . 77 . annie ( excited ) really ? marsh really . except ... well , I have a little more work to do , so maybe you and grandma could go today , and I 'il come as soon as I can . annie soon soon ? you promise ? marsh uh-huh . annie Cross you heart and hope to die ? beat . marsh yeah . annie ( wave ) hi , John ! marsh turn and there 's box at she back door , peer in . marsh smile , glad to see he . ext . marsh 's house -- later -- morning . marsh , stand with box , refuse to cry as she watch Annie , a little forlorn , wave good - bye from the back of a black Bureau car as it drive away . box what be you wait for ? go with they . ( off she look ) no one would blame you . marsh I might . keeping my family safe , while the carver be pour Jerry into the ground ? box you have sacrifice enough . she throw he a curious look . she be not sure what he mean . he 's tired of pretend -- 78 . BOX ( cont have ) I tell you I remember you from Rick 's funeral . well , when I see Annie , it do not take I long to figure out who she father be . marsh stare at he , revealing nothing . BOX ( cont have ) I do not blame you for work behind a desk . lose one parent be enough for any kid . and now that the piece of shit 's camp out on you front lawn , I would say it 's time for you to get lose , and stay lose till we have get he hang from a hook . ( beat ) that 's just my opinion . box walk away , leave marsh to think . int . marsh 's house -- moment later -- morning . marsh enter the house . look around . it feel empty . she walk through a archway into -- int . marsh 's dine room -- continuous -- morning . she stop at the hutch , open the drawer , pull she Glock out of the back of she jeans , start to set it inside , but then stop . decide against it . she jam it back in she jeans . the phone ring , startling she . int . marsh 's kitchen -- moment later -- morning . marsh enter and answer it . marsh hello ? griffin ( 0.s. ) I guess I miss all the fun . marsh where be you ? intercut with : int . griffin 's moving sport car -- same -- morning . griffin drive -- 79 . griffin on my way in . Annie 's okay ? marsh she and my mom just leave . the Bureau 's put they up ... a few hour away ... near gettysburg . griffin what about you ? marsh pluck a hand - draw mother 's Day card off the refrigerator . Studies it . marsh I will be fine . griffin you sure ? marsh yeah . griffin so you wanna hear my theory about why he try to scare the crap out of you ? marsh please . griffin because there be a connection between he and kinross , and somehow he know you be onto it , and he want to drive you off the case . marsh you find it ? I do not find anything . griffin maybe . I mean , it 's a long shot and I still need to check out some detail , but -- ( click ) shit ! hold on. ( click over ) hello ? melanie ( 0.s. ) hi. 80 . griffin ( surprised ) Melanie . hi. hold on . ( click back to marsh ) be you come in today ? marsh around one . griffin come sooner . noon. I x11 lay the whole thing out for you . marsh griffin , just -- griffin gotta go ! it 's Melanie ! marsh who ? griffin the one I ditch . bye ! too late . he 's go . marsh have to smile to herself . int . griffin 's moving sport car -- same -- day . griffin speak to Melanie -- griffin so you actually forgive I ? melanie ( 0.s. ) ( with a sigh ) you e-mail be very sweet griffin yeah , I spend some time on it . int . owen 's basement -- same -- morning . Owen tinker with some kind of mechanical contraption . from a speaker on he computer -- griffin ( 0.s. ) I hear you stay for a while . even eat a hotdog . Owen speak in he normal voice into he computer -- owen just half of one . 81 . griffin ( 0.s. ) Annie really like you . and you know what they say about kid . that like animal . very good judge of character . owen what can I say ? I have to agree . I be a total catch . ( beat ) so , Mr. dowd -- int . griffin 's moving sport car -- same -- day . qowen 's voice be be electronically alter to sound female : owen /melanie ( 0.s. ) -- what be you do right now ? ext . cyber division headquarters -- later -- day . marsh walk alone across the parking lot int . cyber division lobby -- moment later -- day . Ray , the guard , watch as marsh slide she card in the slot . int . dial - up room -- later -- day . all eye be subtly on marsh , as she walk down the aisle , still a bit shaky , but ready to work . she see griffin 's desk empty . the wall clock say 12:26 . marsh where 's griffin ? wilk I have not see he . marsh but he come in at 9:30 . wilk shrug . confused , marsh lock away she gun . ext . gettysburg HOTEL -- day . stella and Annie get out of the back of the Bureau car help with they bag by they two - man security detail int . task force meeting room -- continuous -- day . marsh enter the busy room , look around . brook stand over a computer with corporal hugh michael , 40 , smart , genial . brook see she -- 82 . brooks quite a show you put on this morning . we might just have to assign you a security detail . marsh please do not . I will be fine . I have already relocate . brooks to where ? marsh sorry , that 's top secret . brooks ( with a smile ) Jennifer marsh -- corporal Hugh michael , from the rcmp out of Vancouver . hugh pleasure . brooks Hugh 's a geographical profiler . he use the rigel program . have you ever hear of it ? marsh sure . brooks ( to Hugh ) she know everything . marsh what can I say ? I be a walk Wikipedia . Hugh chuckle . marsh take a look at he screen -- marsh ( cont have ) you have inputted the gps data on both killing ? hugh where the victim be last see and where they remain be find . I even throw in the house where the cat be steal . here 's a 3 - D image of what we call the '' jeopardy surface . '' 83. he hit a computer key . the screen fill with the 3 - D image of a high mountain . the top be wide , flat , and red . the slope descend into different color . hugh ( cont have ) it 's the best we can do for now . I have concentrate my resource there . marsh pretty big area . hugh unavoidable , I be afraid . I have work with as twenty or thirty crime site . here we have two . Three , if you count the cat . BOX ( 0.s. ) make it four . they turn . box stand in the doorway , stare at the large plasma screen . they look , too . every agent in the room slowly converge on the screen . it 's not a film -- yet . just a series of flashing still , disjoint image of a man , naked but for boxer , bound and gag , wrap in ethernet cable . he be tie to a fold irone board and fastened to pipe run along the ceiling . BOX ( cont have ) why 's it do that ? marsh it just start stream . there be not enough viewer yet to make a continuous image . the mosaic 's still form . they watch as the flash still begin to integrate and form a continuous move image , and when it do , everyone react with horror . the victim be griffin , surround by a three - sided aluminum pen . his FBI badge be pin right through the skin of he bare chest . the viewer counter be only at 12,400 and the etod be at just under 24 hour , but both counter spin with blind speed . a text crawl appear : the more that watch , the faster he 's stripped ... the more that watch , the faster he 's stripped .. the more that watch , the faster he 's stripped ... 84 . box stripped ? what do that mean ? marsh lunge at the keyboard . she screen-capture a detail and magnify it . it 's griffin 's leg and there be three tiny speck crawl up he calf . her face unhinge . she can hardly breathe . int . task force command CENTER -- minute later -- day . brook , box , wilk , Peterson , and the other agent sit , watch helplessly as griffin writhes and scream into he gag . marsh work she computer like a madwoman . finally , she hit a button and a clinical specimen of a red FIRE ant fill a screen . she spin she chair and talk to the group -- marsh it 's a brazilian fire ant .... find in the south ... Florida ... Georgia . very aggressive . a few research lab sell they , but only to buyer with academic credential .... int . owen 's basement -- afternoon . follow the trail of ant across the cement floor and up griffin 's leg , stomach , chest , as they bite and chew they way . finally , as the trail grow more sparse , we reach griffin 's face . his eye and vein bulge as he writhes in pain scream and moan . right in front of he , the video camera sit on a metal box ( the contraption we see Owen tinkering with earlier ) , attach by cable to he computer . Owen stand behind the box , speak matter - of - factly , ignore the scream . behind he , we see the viewer counter spin wildly , past 3,000,000 .... owen if no one be watch right now , there would not be any ant . with we have just be talk . but people enjoy the suffer of other . they really do . in the old day , they watch gladiator kill each other . and later people be hang in public . or have they head cut off . all of it be enormously popular . ( more ) 85 . owen ( cont would ) then for some reason people start to think that we have evolve . become civilized . but it 's not true . I know . as the viewer counter fly past 4,000,000 , a door on the box start to lift . owen ( cont have ) see ? see how excited they be to see you die ? FIRE ant come crawl out , join the exodus lead to griffin . he scream louder , buck and writhe . after a few long second , the door lower , cut off the ant . owen ( cont have ) I like you , griffin . Jennifer , too . you be both really intelligent . especially Jennifer ... no offense . so it 's not personal . I be only do to you what you friend will do to I when they catch I . only they 's 1l use potassium chloride , and they will not let very many people watch . even though almost everybody will want to . ( beat ) oh , wow . as the viewer counter fly past 4,500,000 , the door start to lift . griffin scream into he gag . Owen shake he head . owen ( cont have ) so much faster this time . Word of mouth , I guess . ( beat ) or maybe it 's because you be wear you badge . int . task force command CENTER -- later -- day . the Task Force sit and stand , paralyze before the monitor . the counter spin so quickly that action be impossible . among the group , marsh sit , watch in agony , helpless , as griffin scream and writhes , he limb and torso thick with ant . she can not take it a instant longer . she jump up and race out of the room . int . cyber division hallway -- later -- day . marsh run down the hall , as though be pursue . 86 . int . cyber division bathroom -- later -- day . the door bang open . marsh enter , suck wind . she lean down on the sink , breathe hard , look as though she might puke . gradually she breathe slow . she start to cry . but stop herself . she turn on the tap . splashes she face with water . she look up into the mirror , directly into she own anguish eye . suddenly , they ignite with a idea . int . task force command CENTER -- moment later . marsh explode into the room -- marsh morse code ! who know morse code ?! everyone be momentarily freeze . she scream , red -face , like a madwoman - - marsh ( cont have ) who the fuck know morse code ! int . cyber division headquarters -- minute later -- day . Ray , the elderly security guard , be hurried down the corridor by wilk . int . task force command CENTER -- later -- day . Ray come in , wind . marsh rush over to he -- marsh Ray , you can do it ? guard U.S. Coast Guard retire , miss marsh . she lead quickly he to a chair marsh griffin be tell we something . with he eye . with what 's he say ?! Ray be absolutely horrify by the sight of griffin . he stare , sslack -jaw . marsh practically jam he into he chair , then slam a legal pad and pen down in front of he . marsh ( cont have ) hurry ! 87 . the viewer counter spin past 7,750,000 . the ant reach griffin 's mouth . he press he lip shut , marshal he will to continue he blink . Ray tremble , can not focus or speak . realizing it 's too much for he , marsh screen - capture griffin 's eye and magnify they hugely . they take up the whole screen now . marsh ( cont have ) do it ! everyone wait as Ray squint -- guard the right eye be dot ... the leave be dash . he slowly write out the dash and dot across the piece of paper . marsh hit a keyboard at she side and on a smaller side monitor bring up the full image of griffin . the viewer counter have go berserk , fly past 9,000,000 . suddenly , on the huge plasma screen , a ant appear , crawl into one of griffin 's eye . at this level of magnification , it be colossal . griffin try to keep blink , but soon another ant appear then another , digging in they pincer . the lid close , but they continue bite , chew . on the smaller monitor , griffin , cover from head to toe , flail in he chair , in he last , frantic death throes . the counter fly toward 10,000,000 . the emoticon begin to strut across the bottom of the screen . marsh turn it off ! ( scream ) turn it off ! the agent obey . one by one the monitor go black . no one know what to say or do . the silence be break by the vibration of marsh 's treo . marsh grab it and be about to shut if off , when she notice something chill . she hit some button . the screen read : awgthtdtaoa . .. awgthtdtaoa . .. awgthtdtaoa ... awgthtdtaoa .... and , beneath it , the killer 's emoticon move back and forth . 88 . marsh ( cont have ) it 's from ... from he . everyone react with fear and bewilderment . marsh be we go to have to do this all over again ? silence . marsh walk to the door . she turn back to Ray . marsh ( cont ’‘d ) what be he try to tell we ? the Guard turn he legal pad around and show it to marsh . he have write : i-c-i-d-e-s-u a pause , as people try to understand . marsh ( cont have ) '' suicide . '' guard he be say it again when .... marsh nod , then exit . box look over at brook . everyone be speechless . ext . motel -- night . a dreary little motel by the highway . not many car in the parking lot . in the distance , car fly past on the highway . int . motel room -- same -- night . marsh sit on the bed , absolutely motionless . outside we hear the white noise of distant traffic . on the other bed , she cat sit on the pillow , stare at she . a knock on the door . marsh 's head turn slowly toward it . she rise slowly . walk to she dresser , where she weapon sit . she pick it up . marsh who be it ? BOX ( 0.c . ) me. marsh 's eye fall to she reflection in the dresser mirror she 's a mess . she set down she weapon and walk to the door . open it . marsh what do you -- 89 . marsh stare numbly as he ease she aside and walk right past she . he carry a bag of take - out food . box get in the shower . for a moment , she eye flicker with defiance , then they go dull again and she obediently drift into the bathroom . int . motel room -- later -- night . dinner have be laid out on a blanket on the bed . box sit in a chair , watch bad television . int . bathroom -- moment later -- night . the room be full of steam . a gentle knock . the door open . BOX ( 0.c . ) you okay ? ( beat ) Jennifer ? box enter , grab a clean towel , and pull aside the shower curtain . obscure by steam , marsh sit huddle , hold herself on the shower floor . box shut off the water , pull she to she foot , wrap she in the towel , then pull she into he arm . the dam break . she weep in he arm , she body convulse . he lean back against the door , hold she , let she cry and cry . int . motel room -- later -- night . marsh , wear boxer and a T-shirt , sit up , cross -legge , with she back against the headboard , eat dinner . she isa bit restore , but only a shadow of she former self . box stand at the open door , smoking a cigarette , blow the smoke outside . box we find griffin 's car park on the I - 50 overpass . his skeleton be in the trunk . ( beat ) the ant we trace to a research lab at Marshall junior College . the thief know he way around and do not leave a print . ( beat ) look like griffin be bait with a phone call . ( more ) 90 . BOX ( cont would ) but we can not trace it because it be make with a... a spoof card , I guess it 's call ? marsh private investigator use they for pretext call . it 's really just a phone card , cost about twenty buck a hour . it let you program any caller id you want . box it still do not explain how he get he to -- marsh spoof card also let you change the gender of you voice . it come with the service . he know where griffin be vulnerable . he bait he as a internet date . box how have he know anything about he ? how do he even get he phone number ? marsh the same way he get mine . and my home address . the night Miller die , we be try to trace he , and he route we back to we own network . he follow we in . a few second later , I get a text message . she pick up she treo and scroll back . marsh ( cont no ) a bunch of random number . she hand it to he . he look at the field of random number . marsh ( cont have ) or so I think . ( beat ) turn it over . box do . in the middle of the field , the upsidedow number spell out : '' hello hello hello . '' box how have he do it ? 91 . marsh before Internal ops purge he , he have a few second to access my personal device . griffin 's , too . for week , he 's have access to every one of we keystroke . a somber silence . box have he contact you again ? marsh he have no reason to . he want I off the case . I be off the case . box flick he cigarette and close the door . BOX any idea why griffin be blink '' suicide '' ? a few of we have idea but .... marsh John , I ... I be finish . tomorrow , I be gonna pick up my mom and Annie , and just .... 1I 'il take they ...we 's 1l disappear ... till it 's over . they eye meet . hold . marsh look away . marsh ( cont have ) I 'il be fine . you can go home now . box nope. marsh ( find a smile ) never ? he just stare . she lower she eye and speak , almost inaudibly - - marsh ( cont ’‘d ) I be good at a lot of thing , but not lose people . I be bad at lose people .... a tear trickle down she cheek . he lean over , gently wipe it away . her smile be sweet , grateful . 92 . int . motel room -- later -- dawn . under the cover , bath in slant light from the blind box lie on he side , sound asleep , hold marsh , naked , in he arm . another angle . marsh be awake . feeling protect , she be calmer now . her eye drift over to the laptop computer sit on the other bed . her mind start to work . she gently remove box 's arm from around she and slip out . she throw on a T-shirt , then walk over , sit on the bed , and open she computer . for a moment , she just stare at the screen . then she pull from a pouch in she computer case the kinross disc that griffin give she . she insert it into she machine . after it load , she click open a long list of title video clip file . into a search box she type the word '' suicide . '' she click on the first find item : '' suicide jump '' . a video clip play of a young woman , perch atop the roof of a apartment building . marsh lower the volume . rescuer reach out to the young woman . frightened , she pull away , slip , and fall . she tumble out of frame to she death . marsh close the file . she click open the next one , mark '' kurt suicide '' . it 's a old news clip of kurt cobain discuss suicide . she close it and click open the next one , '' suicide Mayor . '' a small - town mayor address a press conference . without warning , he lift a revolver to he mouth , pull the trigger , and fall , he head spout blood . a beat , then marsh open the next file , '' rush -hour suicide . '' as it play .... angle on BOX , lie on he side in bed , petting marsh 's cat , watch marsh work . she 's beautiful in the early morning light . we hear the scratchy sound of a traffic helicopter reporter come from marsh 's computer , but box can not see what she be watch - - 93 . traffic reporter ( 0.s. ) his erratic drive have slowed traffic on the 1 - 50 north all the way back to the 340 interchange . but now , as you can see , the vehicle have stop on the shoulder . box , frown , slowly sit up . traffic reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) his door be open . and there 's the driver . what be that ? it ’sa rifle ! the driver have a rifle ! box rise , lay he hand on she shoulder , massage they . she lean she body back into he and angle the screen so he can see better -- marsh it 's call '' rush hour suicide . '' box I remember . the guy be a profe - sor . traffic reporter two highway patrol car be on the scene now . traffic have stop entirely . marsh kinross include it in he great hit . his '' best of the worst . '' traffic reporter the officer be order he to drop he weapon and get down on the ground . marsh I know how it end . as marsh reach to click it off -- box yeah , to this day , I still can not eat at that Burger King . marsh stop , freeze the picture , then turn around and look at he questioningly . box smile . 94 . BOX ( cont have ) that yellow roof ? it 's a Burger King . it 's where the back of the guy 's skull land . I be in there a few week ago .. starve to death ... and I still could not bring myself to order . marsh look away , think , then look back at he . marsh what be you do there ? box talk to the kid who own the kitten . marsh 's eye widen , hardly dare to believe . it take a moment , but box understand where she mind have go . BOX ( cont have ) you think -- marsh do you remember the professor 's name ? BOX no , but I know he teach at some junior college . beat . marsh Marshall junior College ? box yeah . Holy shit . ( crossing away ) the traffic report ? whose be it ? who shot it ? marsh Channel 9 . box grab he phone , but , before dial , look at she . box I never think I have say this to you , but put on some clothes . she jump up and begin to dress . 95 . int . channel 9 tv station -- later -- morning . marsh and box stride down the hall , lead by a nervous employee . int . channel 9 control room -- continuous . when marsh and box step into the dark room , they see the rush - hour suicide footage already play on a monitor , while other monitor play other footage related to the event . a technician work the control . a station executive , consulting a clipboard , invite they to sit down . ext . highway -- later -- noon . box 's unmark car speed along , light flash , siren wail . int . BOX 's car -- same -- day . box drive , while marsh speak on the phone -- marsh yes , you honor , and normally I would have wait for you to finish you swim . she listen . smile at box . int . task force command CENTER -- later -- day . the Task force sit , assemble , wait . int . cyber division headquarters -- same -- day . marsh and box stride down the hall and into the room . int . task force command CENTER -- later -- day . the room be dark . on the plasma screen appear a college yearbook photograph of a long-haire , dreary - eye teenager . reverse angle to reveal marsh address the Task Force with clarity and intensity . she control the image on the plasma with she laptop -- marsh Andrew kinross . a sophomore at georgetown University . he die last month , but that do not stop he from recommend ... the day after he body be discover ... a new website call killwithme.com . how do he do it ? he do not . ( more ) 96 . marsh ( cont would ) the killer do , use he name . why ? why do the subject use kinross 's name and not someone else 's to promote he site ? that 's what griffin and I ask ourselves and , the night before he die griffin find the answer . but the killer know that he have , and he get to he first . marsh click she mouse and the photo of kinross be replace by a grainy aerial photograph of the man , hold the rifle , stand on the shoulder of a tower freeway overpass . marsh ( cont have ) recognize he ? he have he fifteen minute . many recognize he , other clearly do not marsh ( cont have ) James cleary . a biology teacher at Marshall junior College . nine month ago , depressed by the recent death of he wife ... a hematologist ... cleary staggered out of he car , during rush hour , onto the I - 50 overpass . traffic copter be out in force that day ... but only one ... Channel 9as ... catch the action from beginning to end . the regular pilot be out sick , so the glory go to a fill - in ... a old Air Force buddy of he ... a guy who make he live chauffeur executive . click . the screen show a Liberty executive Charter photo i.d. of Herbert Miller . marsh ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) later , he tell friend he be just lucky . in the right place at the right time . click , back to cleary . click again , and now the video clip play , mute . the clip show cleary in distress , look up at the circle chopper , then over at three police car that have stop on the highway thirty foot away . officer be crouch at they car door , weapon draw . cleary look over the edge of the overpass and consider jump . 97 . one of the officer , wear a bulletproof vest , walk slowly toward he , weapon lower , try to talk sense to he . cleary throw a leg over the railing and scream at he to stop . the Officer do not stop . he merely slow down , still talk and advance , urging he to lower he rifle . as he get closer , we chopper swerve dangerously low , cleary panic . ina flash , he put the rifle in he mouth and pull the trigger . the back of he head blow off . click . the frame freeze . marsh ( cont have ) the back of cleary 's skull land on that roof . a Burger King . so do he glass . the piece of skull be turn over to the coroner . but the glass be retrieve by the assistant manager . click . the Burger King employee i.d. of Scott hickman . marsh ( cont have ) he put they up for sale on ebay . there be plenty of bidder , but when word get out , the auction be shut down . click , and cleary 's body wilt and fall over the railing . the helicopter camera follow the body , as it fall fifty foot then hit and bounce off a big , swiftly pass car . click , and the screen go black . marsh ( cont have ) every suicide be a tragedy for the survivor , but this be far worse , because it be broadcast live on the 5 o'clock news . kid home from school see it . outrage parent call in . the tv station apologize . except channel 9 . they have be have trouble in the rating ... but not that afternoon . the number be sky-high . ( beat ) know a good thing when it fall in they lap , they rush a veteran reporter to the scene ... 98 . click . the screen fill with a mute video clip of Jerry carver , slick and professional , hold a Channel 9 microphone , speak to camera . marsh ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) he get lucky and land a inter - view with the local businessman whose cadillac be hit by cleary 's fall body . the frame widen , as Jerry begin to interview a agitate asian man , 50 , stand next to he dent , gold cadillac . marsh ( 0.s. ) ( cont have ) when the interview end , as a courtesy to that who might have miss it , Channel 9 aire the video one last time . the video start over . Plays a little bit . click . marsh freeze it . back to marsh , address the group -- marsh ( cont no ) five year ago , that would have be the end of it . but the world 's change . within a few minute of Channel 9 airing the footage for the last time , Andrew kinross have pull it off he tivo and post it on five different shock -video site . from there , cleary 's suicide be public domain . the worst pain a family can endure have become something for a billion stranger to feed on , laugh at turn away from , gossip about . ( beat ) but cleary do not have much family . just a son that he and he wife have rescue out of foster care . Owen be a brilliant kid , good with mechanic ... electronics ... computer . but he be troubled , frail , withdraw . he work as a freelance programmer . out of he basement . ( beat ) Owen adore he father . to be confront with he terrible death again and again be more than he psyche could withstand . ( more ) 99 . marsh ( cont would ) he begin hack into site that offer the clip and leave violent threat ... lash out at the uncare mob that have turn he personal loss into a sideshow attraction . he be eventually hospitalize . put on suicide watch himself . ( beat ) six month ago , Owen be release . he life , alone now , in he father 's house in Silver Springs . click . a photo of Owen fill the screen . marsh ( cont have ) the warrant 's 1l be here in a few minute . marsh glance at box. marsh ( cont have ) what do you say we arrest the piece of shit ? then she look back at the group , smile . ext . maryland highway -- later -- night . various shot of sheriff , police , and unmarked car streaking down the highway . ext . owen 's house -- later -- night . FBI , sheriff and police car glide up from both direction and silently park . heavily - armed agent and officer silently emerge and take up a perimeter . int . owen 's live room -- same -- night . everything be tidy , dark , and still . officer ( 0.s. ) Police ! open up ! a few second pass , then the door explode into splinter . Agents pour in , gun draw . among they be marsh and box . agent swarm upstairs . marsh and box run through the live room , make for the rear of the house . int . owen 's second floor -- same -- day . Agents pour down the hall , kick down the door , leaping into the doorway ready to fire . 100 . int . owen 's kitchen -- same -- day . marsh and box stop at the basement door . marsh and box exchange a look , then box kick in the door . it 's pitch black inside . box blindly reach in for the light switch . he find it , hit it , but nothing happen . box look at marsh . his look say , '' you okay to do this ? '' she be scared out of she wit , but she nod . box , turn sideways , point he gun and flashlight down the stair , and descend quickly . marsh follow suit . follow they down the stair , they crossing beam of light revealing a bloody mess . the smell turn they head . marsh stop , suck wind , and manage to shout upstairs -- marsh this be the place ! this be it ! int . owen 's basement -- minute later -- day . the light be on . Agents , face cover , wear rubber glove , rip the soundproof panel off the window . as the light shine in , box and marsh look around , mouth cover , barely able to keep from vomit . the floor be sticky with dry blood . fly buzz everywhere . the last of the dead kitten . the rotting remnant of Miller 's lower torso still outline in the cement . a stain irone board . pile of dead ant . box Jesus . marsh shine a light to where all the computer be . marsh he move out all he equipment . box he know you be get close . marsh but I be off the case . box I know you have come back , why would not he ? marsh throw he a look . 101 . ext . cyber division headquarters -- later -- rainy evening . rain fall on the mostly - empty lot . int . brook 's office -- later -- rainy evening . brook talk to marsh , she face impassive -- brooks honestly , word defy I . you work have be absolutely outstanding . and to sustain a personal loss like this and come back and close the case ? well , that 's just -- marsh but I do not close it . brooks ( amused ) you think a disturb young man drive a forty - year - old W bus fill with electronics be just go to melt into the crowd ? we 'il locate he by Friday . ( beat ) here 's what I want you to do : nothing . relax . take some time off . marsh stare at he , stone - face , then speak with control emotion -- marsh griffin die in twenty minute . by the time the site go dark , more people have watch the ant clean he bone than fight in World war ii . the next victim will die in the blink of a eye . and you want I to go lie on a fuck beach ? brooks ( coldly ) I do not care if it 's a beach or a mountain or the North pole , you be no longer the case agent . ( then , more gently ) but do not you worry . when you get back ? you 's 1ll get you office of preference . he smile . marsh do not . 102 . int . outside brooks 's office -- later -- rainy evening . box wait for she . marsh emerge . they walk . box well ? marsh I have be ask ...ordered ...to go ..uhhh ... what do you call it ? one of that thing be you do not do anything ... or worry about anything ... and just .... box a vacation ? marsh yeah . box good . I x11 call you the second we locate he . even better , I 'il fly to you with a bottle of champagne , how 's that ? ext . cyber division headquarters -- later -- rainy evening . box walk marsh to she car through a light rain . he hold the umbrella for both of they . they stop at she suv . awkward silence . BOX you be leave tonight ? right now ? marsh do not worry . box I have be happy to drive you . they look at each other . box kiss she with passion . she like it , but then ease he away . he do not understand why . she point into the sky . he look . a surveillance camera on a light pole . int . marsh moving suv -- later -- rainy evening . as the rain fall harder , marsh drive on the highway , listen - ing to classical music . 103 . ext . motel -- later -- rainy evening . marsh pull into the dark , rainy lot . int . dark motel room -- night . the door open . marsh enter . she stop at the door , look around , hear a strange scraping sound . she unsnap she holster , lay a hand on she weapon . where 's the sound come from ? the bathroom . she walk over , quickly kick open the door . nothing in sight . she reach in and throw aside the shower curtain . nothing . she relax , but then she hear the sound again . she turn around , tense , and realize it 's come from the closet . she walk over , crouch , and quickly yank the fold door her cat bound out . marsh , chest heaving , catch she breath , snap shut she holster . ext . motel -- later -- rainy night . marsh throw she stuff in the back of she suv . then carry the pet carrier around and lay it in the passenger seat . ext . highway -- layer -- rainy night . marsh 's suv drive along , wiper slapping at the rain . int . marsh 's suv -- same -- rainy night . tire of the classical music , she hit button until she land on the righteous intone of a older male commentator , who word unsettle she -- radio editorial -- six long day since the murder of Federal agent griffin dowd , and still no suspect in custody . some wonder who this madman will seize next . not I . I wonder when we 'il stop this diabolical collaboration not with the killer , but with the alternate universe that he inhabit . the one inside we computer . a world without compassion or conscience . without law , morality , or shame . why do we love this world so ? why do we create it ? there be commotion and distress in marsh eye . 104 . radio editorial ( cont would ) do it reflect who we be as a species ? what we have become ? what must we creator think of we ? marsh see the sign say , '' welcome to Pennsylvania . '' she can not do it . she yank the wheel and roar onto exit . she zoom up the exit ramp and at the top pull a hard leave and roar along the overpass . she reach a red light , see that the coast be clear , and run the red light , yanking another leave she roar down a entrance ramp . ext . highway -- moment later -- rainy night . marsh 's suv streak past the sign say , '' welcome to maryland . '' int . marsh 's suv -- later -- rainy night . marsh listen to music again . the rain be fall harder now . a flash of lightning and then a roar of thunder . her cat meow mournfully . she look over and open the cage door . it stick its head out and she scratch it . marsh I know , baby , I know -- that 's a lotta water . suddenly , the music stop dead . odd . marsh adjust the radio . Hit button . nothing . then suddenly the wiper stop . she react , skid a bit , hit the brake . the cat leap out of its cage . Cars honk . madly work the wiper control , she struggle to see through the windshield . suddenly , the headlight go out and she car lurch violently . the engine be dead . Cars barrel past she , honk they horn . she jam the car in neutral and wrestle with the stiff power steering . a tractor trailer , blaring its horn , bear down on she and swerve , skid , nearly plow into she finally , marsh wrench the car to a stop in the gravel of the shoulder . chest heaving , gasp to catch she breath , she sit there in the dark , grateful to be alive . her cat sit , cower in the foot - well of the passenger seat . 105 . abruptly , she snap to , reach for she treo , hit she speed - dial . the treo beep . she look at the screen : '' service deny . '' spook , she look out and through the rain spot a illuminate call BOX about fifty yard away . she pull the door handle , but the door be lock . wo not unlock owen ( 0.s. ) hello , Jennifer . with a gasp , marsh yank out she weapon and point it into the back . nothing . no one . the cat make a sound . slowly , very slowly , heart pound , she inch she eye up to the northstar speaker above she head . for a moment , just the sound of two people breathe in the dark . and the sound of the storm . owen ( cont have ) I can hear you . you be not dead . ( beat ) look out the passenger window . ( she do not ) under that streetlight , that 's where my dad 's body land after he kill himself . some website show the whole thing in slow- motion because it 's so much better that way . one archive it in a section call '' whoa . '' that 's all . just '' whoa . '' marsh I know , Owen . it 's despicable . silence . she hear he breathe . then there 's a click . the breathe stop . marsh ( cont have ) Owen ? nothing . marsh ( cont have ) be you there ? silence . marsh try the engine . nothing but a click . she try the door . lock . fuck it . she have no choice . she turn she head aside and swing the handle of she gun at the passenger window . it shatter , shower she with cube of glass . her cat howl in the back of the truck . 106 . marsh stick she gun in the pocket of she windbreaker , pocket she treo , and climb out the window into the storm . ext . highway shoulder -- moment later -- rainy night . marsh , drench , run across the overpass until she spot a illuminate call box . ext . highway shoulder -- moment later -- rainy night . marsh run up to the box , lift the phone . it ring . operator call answer Center . marsh I be a agent with the FBI and I be strand on the I - 50 ! I need you to connect I to the FBI head - quarter in riverton ! it 's a emergency ! the number be -- operator I be connect . it ring . marsh look back at she dark suv , sit fifty yard away , barely visible through the downpour . male operator FBI , riverton . operator Bill , it 's Jennifer marsh . I need you to connect I to detective box from the task force . at home . hurry . male operator hold on . aching second pass . Water drop from she lash . her eye can the road , look for any sign of trouble . the phone ring . ring again . Three time . BOX ( 0.s. ) hello ? marsh John ... Owen try to kill I ! he hack into my northstar ! I be on the highway ! BOX ( 0.s. ) where be you ? 107 . marsh the I - 50 overpass ! where he father die ! BOX ( 0.s. ) do not move ! just wait for I ! just wait ! ext . highway -- later - rainy night . marsh , exhaust and drench , trudge back to she car . a car approach , its headlight blind . it slow down . marsh freeze , reach into she jacket pocket for she gun . frat boy , out on a drunken spree , lash by the rain , shout at she from they open window , as they pass . shake she head at they stupidity , she walk on then stop dead . her car 's headlight be on . she start to run . int . marsh suv -- moment later -- rainy night . marsh jump in . the radio be play again . her treo beep back to life in she pocket . she exhales heavily . thank God . suddenly , she cat leap from the back seat to the front scare she half to death . she sit there , gasp wait for she heart to settle . then she reach to put the car in gear -- owen Jennifer ? marsh freeze , look up slowly , ever so slowly , at the northstar . then from the shadow of the back seat , Owen rise up sopping wet and touch he taser to she cheek . marsh scream and spasm and fall . darkness . flash . marsh , hand and foot bound with ethernet cable and she mouth gag , be be drag by she hair across a cement floor . as she be brutally drag up two stair , she see the spot on the wall where a lawn mower hang -- its dirty outline visible on the wall -- but it 's not there . abruptly , she realize that it 's she own garage ! she scream into she gag , kick , wriggle , resisting with all she might . 108 . Owen drop she to the floor . her head crack against the cement . blood drip from she scalp . Owen 's shadow lengthen across she body . her eye beg he not to hurt she . he touch the taser to she face . darkness . flash : int . marsh basement -- later -- rainy night . marsh 's eye open to pure horror , as she tumble down the step with Owen descend behind she . she hit the cement bottom , bloody and unconscious . darkness . flash : marsh 's eye open . bleed from the mouth and head , she see sound - proofing panel on the window . marsh try to free herself . Owen , ten foot away , tote something , regards she with he dull eye . he set down what he 's carry , then remove he taser from he belt and shoot she . twin probe , bear fish hook , fly out of the gun and hit she squarely in the chest darkness . flash : marsh 's eye open . the cable around she ankle be connect to a long chain that Owen have toss over a sewage pipe run along the ceiling . she follow the longer chain with she eye . it travel down from the pipe and connect to the rusty iron spool of a garden hose . Owen have fastened a crank to the spool . he turn it with great effort . lying on the floor at he side be she Glock . marsh , daze , do not understand why , but then slowly she foot begin to rise off the cement floor . frantic as she rise higher , upside down , she look and see flash computer equipment everywhere . in the other direction , she eye bulge when she see a video camera . she wrestle violently , shaking the chain , make the pipe overhead pull on its support . Owen do not like the look of that support . 109 . he stop he work and press the trigger of he taser . she spasm , scream , and stop struggle . darkness . a distant sputter , then a mute roar , then the roar grow louder and louder , until it explode into hideous life . flash : marsh 's eye open . she be hang upside down , stare straight down into the whirring blade of she own lawn mower , which have be rig onto its back and attach to a fuel pump and gas can . a plastic tube attach to the engine , carry the exhaust into the open door of the dormant boiler eye bugging , marsh look over and see the camera point at she . then , suddenly , to she horror , its red light pop on . int . task force command CENTER -- same -- rainy night . wilk be alone , retrieve some file . right behind he , on five computer screen , the creepy music of killwithme play . deaf , wilk can not hear it . then , right behind he , the screen flash with a still image of marsh hang upside down over the blade . then the screen go black . wilk turn around , see nothing . go back to he work . the screen flash another image of marsh . then they flash faster and faster until the mosaic of viewer kick in , and it become a continuous move image . the text crawl : the more that watch , the sooner she 's slice ... the more that watch , the sooner she 's slice ... the more that watch , the sooner she 's slice .... as wilk walk out of the room , oblivious , he realize that he have forget he coffee . he turn back to get it and see the screen . he react , then race for the door hold on the viewer counter , only at 39,350 , but spin far faster than ever before . the estimate time of death plunge down from 24 hour . int . BOX 's car -- same -- rainy night . box pull up to the I - 50 and see no car . alarm , he be not sure what to do . then he see something . he get out of the car . 110 . ext . highway shoulder -- continuous -- rainy night . box run over and look down at the shattered glass all over the gravel . he remember something . he look over the edge of the road . there , far below , at the spot where Owen 's father 's body land , be Owen 's ww bus , park under a rainy streetlight box race back to he car . ext . marsh 's house -- same -- rainy night . the rain fall harder , lash the roof , sway the tree . the sound mix with a weird mew sound . int . marsh kitchen -- same -- rainy night . marsh 's cat , whining , paw at the ajar basement door . finally , it get the door open wider and slink through . int . marsh 's basement -- same -- rainy night . the viewer counter spin past 1,000,000 . Owen make another small turn in the crank , lowering marsh a quarter inch . struggle , spin on she chain , marsh be try to do something , but we be not sure what . then we see : she be wrestle she treo out of she back pocket . once she have it , she blindly hit key , try to be precise . int . owen 's ww bus -- same -- rainy night . in the pour rain , box , weapon aim , wrench open the side door of the bus . blackness . he shine a flashlight in . empty but for old computer part , the remain of various contraption , and the odd pool or splatter of blood . his cell phone ring . he look . a text message from marsh that read , simply : 911 ... home .... int . marsh basement -- same -- rainy night . Owen , see what marsh have do , pull the trigger on the taser , which be still connect to she chest . she scream flopping . the treo fall from she hand , hit the blade of the mower , and shatter into the wall . 111 . int . task force command CENTER -- same -- rainy night . member of the Task Force stare , horror-stricken at the screen . the viewer counter shoot above 2,000,000 . etod : 18 hour , 50 minute . a phone ring . peterson Task Force . BOX ( 0.s. ) he 's in she house ! int . BOX 's car -- same -- rainy night . box speed down the highway , light flash , siren wail , scream into he cell phone -- box he 's get Jennifer in she house ! g int . marsh 's basement -- same -- rainy night . viewer counter shoot above 3,000,000 . etod : 16 hour , 20 minute . marsh wrestle , swinging herself back and forth across the blade . she look up and see that the support of the sewage pipe be beginning to give . she buck and buck try to pull down the pipe . Owen do not like it , but he 's work the crank . ext . CITY street -- same -- rainy night . a police car , siren wail , light flash , race through a red light . down the block , another one turn the corner , speed in the same direction . int . task force command CENTER -- same -- rainy night . the viewer counter shoot above 4,000,000 . the group watch as marsh , squirming and fight , be lower closer to the blade . as she violently buck , dust fall from the support . a lighting -fast montage of watcher , as group of people congregate in home , college library , a Apple store , a Internet Cafe to watch the horror and excitement . the counter spin faster and faster , 5,000,000 , 5,500,000 , 6,000,000 .... on the final computer screen , we see marsh drop another few inch , she hair wildly buffete by the blade . 112 . int . BOX 's car -- same -- rainy night . box speed down the highway , siren wail , light flash . int . marsh 's basement -- same -- rainy night . as the viewer counter shoot above 9,000,000 , the top of marsh 's head be drop just a few inch from the blade . her hair whip madly . growl with determination , she pull herself up and down -- a swinging , vertical sit - up , try to loosen the pipe support . more dust fall from the ceiling . Owen lift the taser to blast she one last time . suddenly , the lawn mower belch , falter , sputter . Owen , concerned , hurry over to investigate . the blade pick up speed again . Owen relax , but before he can hit the taser , marsh swing into the frame , bang into he , not enough to hurt he , but enough to knock he away . angry , he hit the taser again . as the counter reach 10,000,000 , marsh spasm wildly and be swing past the mower . the pipe-support break , send marsh crash to the floor in a shower of debris , just a foot from the blade . the debris hit the blade and fly everywhere . Owen back away , shield he eye . he hit the taser again , but the probe have rip from marsh 's clothing . int . task force command CENTER -- same -- rainy night . everyone watch as marsh roll , pull she chain foot up and through the cable on she wrist . her hand be still bound , but now they be in front of she . she stagger out of frame . ext . residential STREET -- rainy night . box roar down the block . at the end of the street , the squad car turn a corner and race toward he . int . marsh basement -- same -- rainy night . Owen jam a new cartridge into he taser and shoot . marsh duck and the barb probe hit the wall . she turn she head , see she Glock lie on the floor . she make a dash . Owen chase she with he taser , which , because its probe have be throw , must be touch to she body . marsh fall to the floor and the gun slide away from she grasp . 113. she lunge for it , just as Owen drive the taser into the back of she neck . she spasm , incapacitate , but somehow manage to roll onto she back Owen look down at she . frown . her paralyze hand hold the Glock . she whimper , unable even to pull the trigger . he smile and reach down for the gun . ina burst of agonize will and determination , she scream and shoot he in the chest . Owen stagger back , shocked more than anything else . in terrible pain , she manage to pull the gag from she mouth -- marsh down on the floor ! get down ! Owen recover a bit , then lunge forward . marsh shoot he over and over again , drive he back across the basement . Owen trip over marsh 's cat , spin around and land , belly down , with he full weight on the lawn mower blade . he flop as the blade chew he up , fling piece of he in every direction . int . task force command CENTER -- same -- rainy night . the room react as they screen be splatter with Owen 's blood and gut and bone and hair . int . marsh 's basement -- same -- rainy night . marsh lie there , cry , soak in gore , breathe hard . she hear footstep , turn with a gasp , eye bugging , and point she gun , but it 's box , racing down the step . he freeze for a beat , when he see the entrail splatter everywhere , then he run to she . she whimper , evade he , crawl to she foot , stagger over and stop in front of Owen 's blink camera . wrist still bound , she grab she FBI badge and hold it up to the camera . she hold it there , eye fierce and craze , hand tremble . box kneel next to marsh and try to pull she away from the camera , but she push he away . she do not lower the badge , will not lower it . cameram video Pov : 114 . close on the tremble FBI badge , with marsh 's eye blaze fiercely behind it . smash to black . music up . credit roll .