run all night a screenplay by Brad ingelsby wme / / phil d'amecourt & Mike esola ENERGY / / Brooklyn weaver draft 1/3/12 R U wn a ll N I G ht int . buick lesabre , moving — philadelphia — night ( 1995 ) a philly baseball game broadcast be hear on the radio : play-by-play announcer ... here 's the 2 - 1 to dykstra . low and away , ball 3 . dykstra 's one for two on the night . he single in the first and ground into a fielder 's choice ... jimmy conlon , early 30 , sit behind the wheel , a cigarette dangle from he lip as he listen to the play - by-play . his ruddy irish face be roughen and break , like that a heavyweight boxer who never know when to throw in the towel . up ahead , red light glow as a cadillac deville brake and steer toward the curb . Jimmy follow , parking at a distance . two man step out of the deville dress in suit ; shawn maguire , 30 , and he consigliere , PAT mullen , 30 . shawn approach . Jimmy roll the window down and shawn lean in . he 's handsome , tough , savagely loyal . the type of leader you would follow anywhere . and Jimmy do . shawn we be gonna get the parent now . you all set , ace ? Jimmy nod . shawn smile as sharp as a new penny , playfully slap Jimmy 's cheek , then go . Jimmy watch as shawn and Pat approach a duplex and knock on the front door . a elderly couple answer . shawn shake the man 's hand and gentlemanly help the woman down the step . the four enter the cadillac and it cruise off . Jimmy go to work now . shut off the radio . stub out he cigarette . slide on leather glove . open the glove compartment and remove a stainless steel sw1911 .45 acp pistol . tuck it into he black leather coat and — ext . STREET — continuous Jimmy stride toward the home we see the elderly couple exit . down the alley between home . into the backyard now and ... ..- abruptly , he 's inside the house , walk up the stair with the pistol in he hand . he can hear a shower running and start down the hall in that direction and ... ... into a bedroom . a fusty , antiquated decor . painting of Jesus Christ , the virgin Mary , a crucifix on the wall . the philly game play on the television . the sound of the shower get louder and louder and louder as he move into ... ... the bathroom . thick with steam . impossible to see . the water so fuck loud now , like a waterfall crashing and — Jimmy rip the shower curtain back . a gaunt , tattooe man , billy coughlin , 30 , startles , cover himself : billy what the fuck ! and now he see Jimmy and he know Jimmy and he know what he 's come here for and he 's really fuck scared and : billy ( cont 'd ) Jimmy , j- Jimmy please , no — Jimmy raise the pistol : billy ( cont 'd ) but , Jimmy , I - I have be good — I have be so good , Jimmy — I have — blam ! Jimmy fire ! right between the eye . billy collapse to the floor of the tub like he do not have bone . but strangely he do not die . instead , he feel at the hole between he eye and the river of blood racing down he face and he begin to laugh . Jimmy raise the pistol again — blam ! blam ! — two bullet rip hole in billy 's chest . he flop around like a fish out of water , gasping horribly for air ... but it 's all a big joke . Jimmy fire the pistol , over and over , but it only serve to make billy laugh louder , more maniacally , as if he 's be tickle by the bullet and — int . the abbey pub — fishtown , philadelphia — ( present day ) Jimmy wake with a start . breathless and flush . he take a moment to let he nightmare ebb away and then sit up in the booth and reach for a box of marlboros . light one and suck in a long , soothing drag . there , that 's better . he 's in he late forty now and the year since he work as hitman for shawn Maguire have not be kind to he . scraggly , four-day beard . eye stung with exhaustion and glassy from too-much booze . the place be decorate for the holiday and burl ive sing ' Holly jolly Christmas 's on the jukebox . Rough and profane irishmen of all age play pool , shoot the breeze at the bar , toss dart . this be home base for shawn 's crew . man 's voice ( 0.c. ) hey conlon . Jimmy look over at frank dorsey , 30 , a bulky , arrogant bruiser sit on a stool among a group of roughnecks . frank you be fartin’ in you sleep again , yunno ? jimmy how the fuck would I know that ? I be sleepin’ . frank you oughta try they geriatric diaper . in case ya shit yourself . roughnecks snicker . jimmy ( mutter under he breath ) go fuck you mother . Jimmy grab a bottle of Bud . two gulp in he realize it 's full of cigarette butt . he spit the beer out in a huge spray , all over he sweatshirt . jimmy ( cont 'd ) fuckin 's — motherfuckin’ shit ... Frank and roughnecks laugh . the rear door open . Jimmy watch as colin maguire , 27 , brash and irresponsible , enter with two plainclothes detective ; jason sayer , 40s , white , boyishly handsome , and terry nance , 40s , black , wiry . the three duck into a back office . rear hallway — minute later Jimmy wait outside the back office . Inside , Colin finish tell sayer and nance a joke : colin — but how 's that gonna make my tit any bigger ? boyfriend say , beat I , but it work on you ass . sayer and nance laugh . Colin reach into a drawer and hand both cop envelope thick with cash . sayer nance thanks , Colin . ' preciate that , Colin . colin ( cont 'd ) ( glance at he watch ) alright get outta here . shit , shower , shave time for I . sayer and nance stand . sayer get a hot date ? gonna sniff a little pussy under the mistletoe . colin I wish . I be introducin’ my father to a new client tonight . be tryin' to put this fuckin’ deal together for nine month . finally the old man agree to hear I out . sayer well he 's a busy man you father . colin ( with disdain ) yeah no shit . merry Christmas , fella . sayer and nance exit the office , toss a glare in Jimmy 's direction on they way out the back door . Colin still have not notice Jimmy . he sit behind the desk , dump a baggy of cocaine onto a mirror . razorblades a line and snort a bump . he look restless and edgy . Jimmy knock . startle , Colin look up : colin ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! can I get one fuckin’ moment to myself ? whaddayou want ? jimmy ( step inside ) I talk to you dad this mornin’ . the furnace blow over at my place . told I to see you about a loan . colin a loan or a handout ? Colin shake he head in disgust , pull out a roll of cash . colin ( cont 'd ) you be like a fuckin’ annuity , you know that ? why my old man keep you around , I get no idea . jimmy maybe it 's get summin’ to do with we bein 's friend goin 's on fifty year . that type 'a shit matter to some people , yunno ? colin anyone can put up with you that long oughta be canonize . ( be : cash ) how much ? jimmy uh , ' bout eight hundred . colin I do not know what the fuck ' about eight hundred 's mean . gimme a number . jimmy eight hundred . Colin offer Jimmy the cash . when Jimmy reach for it , Colin pull it back ... reconsider ... a smirk curling ... colin actually I be gonna make you earn this . he point to a santa claus costume hang on a closet door . colin ( cont 'd ) mccauley 's fat ass cancel on I . jimmy no. fuck that . I gotta get home . colin ( pull the cash away ) Fair enough . get home and freeze you dick off . off Jimmy , look at the suit , then the cash ... int . philadelphia int 'l airport — baggage claim — afternoon large wrap gift circle the carousel . arrive college student be welcome home by they parent . a girl excitedly jump into the arm of she boyfriend . and watch it all be mike conlon , late 20 , good -look , athletic . he 's dress in he chauffeur uniform and stand among the other driver hold placard . it 's like any other day ... except today Mike 's placard read : vick , m . tony , 60 , a gruff colleague , stand beside he . tony you gonna ask he about that three interception last weekend ? mike yeah , tone , cause that 's exactly what he want to talk about ... ( a moment , then : ) I stop at target on my way over and buy two football . I be gonna see if he 'il sign ‘em for my daughter . tony bad idea , kiddo . repko get can for doin’ that , yunno ? ask bette midler for a picture . she go batshit and file a report to farina . now he 's pushin’ hot dog outside the ballpark . mike ( tear ) anybody else I would not bother , it 's just ... they be he biggest fan . you should see ‘em on Sunday . wake up wearin’ he jersey and sit two inch from the tv screen . and here come michael vick off the escalator . Fine suit under a long black overcoat . people take notice , point , stare , snap iphone picture . he stride towards Mike . mike ( cont 'd ) good evening , Mr. vick . I can take that for you . Mike grab vick 's luggage and follow he toward the exit . he glance back at tony , who mouth : do not do it . int . mike 's limousine , moving — early evening sport talk on the radio . Mike drive , steal glance at vick in the rearview who be busy texting on he blackberry . Mike 's eye shift to the passenger seat where 's he place the two just - purchase football alongside a sharpie pen . a caller on the radio become prominent : caller ( v.o. ) this be Andy from roxborough . Michael vick be a bum ! he 's a bum and — Mike react quickly and shut the radio off . he glance embarrassedly back at vick who be look at he . mike sorry about that ... lotta hater in this town . ext . luxury high - rise — rittenhouse — night the limo arrive out front . Mike open the door for vick and then remove he luggage . vick hand he a generous tip . vick appreciate the ride , man . mike sure thing . good luck this weekend . vick wheel the luggage toward the lobby entrance . Mike look at the football in the car ... then at vick walk away ... ext . maguire home — fishtown — establishing — night like every other row home on the street . a bit nicer , but not much . through the window , we see a holiday party underway . man 's voice ( v.o. ) I be tell you be the Prince of the City , Mr. Maguire . that you have friend in all the place one could hope to have friend . int . maguire home — office — night close on : shawn maguire sit behind a large mahogany desk . he 's 50 year old now and he 's age as well as any man could hope to . we hear the sound of the party outside the door . shawn you should not believe everything you hear . I be a simple man . I grow up in this house . my father sit behind this desk . the guest just outside that door I have know since I be a boy . across from shawn sit stevan kujovic , 30 , a impeccably dress serbian . his bodyguard goran , 40 , hang by the door . never far from shawn 's side , PAT mullen stand nearby . kujovic either way , I would like to make a arrangement with you . PAT what 's in it for we ? kujovic money , of course . a million up - front . he set a leather briefcase on the desk and open it . shawn glance at the stack of cash inside . kujovic ( cont ’d ) after that you 's 1ll receive twenty percent of all the product you allow to pass safely through the port . kujovic reach into he jacket and remove a small baggy of cocaine . kujovic ( cont ’d ) ( be : the cocaine ) my associate have a name for it . virgin. 99 percent pure . the very best in the world . shawn mull the cash a moment , seemingly impressed . then : shawn the business have change , Mr. kujovic . the mob 's dead . last week the fed arrest two member of what 's leave of the gambino family . they be drive sixteen year old girl to New Jersey to have sex in short - stay while they collect half the hourly fuck rate ... ( more ) shawn ( cont 'd ) twenty year ago I make a live the same way we all do . a few big score a year , but mostly I be a grinder . you want to lay down on a few ball game , you come to I . you want to open a butcher shop and the bank say fuck - you on the loan , you come to I . know what that butcher shop be today ? ( pause for effect ) a applebee 's . kujovic why be you tell I this ? shawn because there 's no money in that business anymore . I have have to adapt . find other way to make a live . but I do not deal in drug . know why ? kujovic enlighten I . shawn it 's a whore 's business . and the pimp like you that bring that poison to the street be worse than that two guinea peddle underage pussy at the econo Lodge ... d' you understand I ? the two man stare at each other a anxious moment , then : kujovic I think this meeting be over . PAT good observation . silently livid , kujovic close the briefcase and stand . he and goran move to exit . before they can : shawn one more thing ... ( kujovic turn back ) whoever tell you I have friend in this city be right . make sure I never hear you name again . kujovic dismiss the threat with a smirk , then go . int . family room — night the annual Maguire family holiday Party . the space be crowded with family , friend , senior member of the gang and they young child . gift be scattered around a christmas tree . we find colin stand by a makeshift bar . beside he , be kenan boyle , 28 , a bear - bad roughneck friend tattooe toe - to - neck . Colin toss back a shot of vodka . probably he tenth . colin ( to bartender ) gimme anotha one , will ya . kenan ( nudge Colin ) here he come now . he 's refer to kujovic who be make he way towards they . colin ( to bartender ) make it three , huh . ( see he lift a bottle ) not that , fuckhead , the good shit . kujovic arrive . Colin excitedly offer he a shot of vodka . colin ( cont 'd ) to a very merry fuckin’ Christmas and many more to come . but kujovic do not accept the shot . he just stare at Colin . kujovic you have until tomorrow night to return my down payment , Colin . colin ( nonpluss ) ... what be you talkin’ about ? kujovic I pay you to guarantee you father 's support — colin yeah , yeah and — kujovic and he just tell I he have rather deal with a guinea pimp than I ... tomorrow night . or you know how this end . Colin see it burn in kujovic 's eye : the threat very real . kujovic and goran leave . off Colin , confuse , angry ... int . study — night Colin storm in and march up to he father 's desk . colin kujovic just walk out . what have you say to he ? shawn I hear he out like you ask I to , and then I wish he safe travel . 10 . colin do you even fuckin’ listen to what he have to say ? PAT Colin , that 's not we business — colin ( whip to Pat , sharply ) you shut you mouth ! I be talkin’ to my father . Pat nod , back off . shawn what 's the problem , Colin ? colin the problem be all I ever hear outta you mouth be when be I gonna pull my weight . so now I bring in a piece of business — a good piece of business — shawn and you be mad I just let it walk out the door ? colin yeah ... shawn if I listen to every good piece of business you bring in , I have be livin’ in the basement of Saint Anne 's Church , steal crumb from the mouse . Pat stifles a laugh . Colin feel small . shawn ( cont ’d ) ( dismissive , patronize ) now go have another drink . abruptly , Colin grab shawn 's highball of scotch and fire it against the wall behind he father 's head . it shatter ! shawn do not so much as flinch . Colin stare at he father a long moment . so much rage in that eye . be building for year . colin when be you gonna take I seriously ? and with that shawn realize just how deep this go . Colin kick over a chair and storm off . as he pass Pat : colin ( cont 'd ) and fuck you , too ! 11 . int . upstair bedroom — night it 's Santa Claus ... or rather Jimmy dress in the Santa Claus suit , sit alone in a barrel back chair . asleep , snoring , glass of whiskey in he lap . a knock at the door . brendan , 40 , a broad - shoulder member of the gang , peek in . brendan Jimmy . ( louder now ) Jimmy Jimmy shoot up : jimmy what ? who 's there ? brendan come on . get up , old man . the kid be waitin’ for ya downstairs . jimmy okay . right ... Jimmy labor to he foot and pour himself another glass of whiskey . he pull down he long white beard and erase it in a single gulp . jimmy ( cont 'd ) let 's get this shit over with . he leave the room . int . mike 's row home — port richmond — front door — night modest but cozy . a Christmas tree festoon with homespun ornament . monogrammed stocking hang from the mantel . Mike enter , stomp the snow off he shoe . remove he knit cap and glove . his daughter , catelyn , 6 , and , lily , 4 , race up to he , full of excitement . mike there they be ... catelyn do you get it , dad ? lily do you get it , dad ? mike get what ? catelyn glower , hand on hip : you know what . Mike sigh . 12 . mike ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , guy . I chicken out . I have it all plan — I know exactly how I be gonna ask he and then ... but as Mike take off he coat , we see the football stuff up the back of he shirt . the girl beam and quickly wrestle they out . they have both be sign — to catelyn and to lily — from Michael vick . elate , the girl race off : catelyn ( 0.c. ) mommy , look what dad get I ! lily ( 0.c. ) look what dad get I , mom . Mike smile , follow they into the — kitchen where he wife sarah , late 20 , a understate beauty , eight month pregnant now , set dinner out on the kitchen table , still dress in she waitress uniform from a earlier shift . catelyn wow . be that special or what ? now let 's sit down for dinner , ok ? the girl sit at the table . Mike wrap he arm around Sarah . mike how be you day ? sarah the wash machine break again . Tim borzell come over to look at it . mike and ? sarah and I see one on sale at sear for $ 600 dollar . mike ( force a smile ) I will ask Vince if I can pick up some extra shift , alright ? they kiss , then join the girl at the table . dinner — chicken casserole , string bean , crescent roll — be pass around . catelyn guess what happen in school today ? lily guess what happen in school today ? catelyn dad , tell lily to stop copying I . 13 . mike lily , stop copying you sister . lily lily , stop copying you sister . Mike look at she . she smile mischievously , adorably . mike oh now you be gonna copy I ? lily mike oh now you be gonna copy I ? you know what that mean — mike ( cont 'd ) tickle monster ! he begin to tickle she . she laugh like crazy . Sarah smile . int . maguire home — family room — night all the guest be congregate around the fireplace include shawn , he beautiful wife , rose , 5as , and PAT . Jimmy , fall - down drunk by now , sit in a leather chair as young child take turn sit on he lap , disclose they wish list . jimmy alright , who 's up next ? a attractive young mother set she daughter on Jimmy 's lap . jimmy ( cont 'd ) what 's you name , sweetie ? daughter kirsten . jimmy D ’you think mommy want to sit on Santa 's other knee , kirsten ? muffled laugh from the guest . frank be not amused . frank that 's my wife , Jimmy . jimmy ( scan the crowd ) who 's that ? Frank ? ( to Young mother ) gimme a call if you wanna add a few inch . I be skinny but I be long . Frank start like he 's about to have a go at Jimmy . a male guest hold he back . Rose whisper to shawn : 14. rose whose idea be it to have Jimmy do this ? shawn keep quiet , but he eye move to colin in the hall .. he 's cornere a young woman ... she look uncomfortable , scared even ... he try to kiss she ... she slip away ... Colin finish he drink , mouth fuckin’ bitch ... they eye meet for a moment ... father and son ... shawn turn away ... Jimmy take another slug of whiskey . jimmy okay , kirsten , let 's see what Santa bring for you this year . Jimmy stand and move to the Christmas tree . he bend down to pick up a gift , teeter , then pitch forward , catch himself on the blaze hot fire screen . it burn he hand ! jimmy ( cont 'd ) oww ! shit ! goddamn fuckin 's — ! he fall to he knee , clutching he hand , mutter curse . the child be scared , unsure what to do . shawn glance at Pat , and motion for he to get in there . Pat move to Jimmy . Brendan assist now as well and the two manage to get he to he foot . PAT come on , Jimmy , let 's take a break . jimmy I be fine , I be fine — PAT you be not fine . you be drunk be whatcha be . ( to the kid ) Santa will be right back , guy . young boy what happen to he ? PAT one 'a the reindeer get hurt . int . upstair bathroom — night on shawn : watch from the doorway as Pat and Brendan take the Santa suit off Jimmy , so drunk he can not stand up on he own . there 's a small sadness in shawn 's eye ... it pain he to see he oldest friend this way ... the suit be off and Pat hand it over to skinny young hood who quickly put it on . it 's far too big . 15 . skinny hood this thing do not fit I so good , Mr. Maguire . shawn just get you ass downstairs . skinny Hood nod , go . Pat and Brendan shove Jimmy into the shower now . he resist , drunk and mumble ... jimmy getchyour fuckin’ hand off 'a — ..- but it 's futile . they shove he into the bath and turn on the shower . the cold water take he breath . he gasp . off Jimmy , tired of fight back ... so tired of it all ... sink to the floor of the tub ... int . mike 's row home — girl 's bedroom — night on catelyn and lily , asleep in they bunk bed , sign football under they arm . Mike shut off the light and close the door . int . master bedroom — night Mike climb into bed beside Sarah who be busy cut and arrange old photo into a collage . mike what be you workin’ on ? sarah it 's for the baby . show he what we life be like before he come along . Mike look at the collage entitle ' US before you 's . he Pov : a picture of he and Sarah at a high school prom . another of he , catelyn and lily dress up for Halloween . and mix in be a photo of mike as a young boy . his first Holy Communion . stand beside he be he father , jimmy . Sarah follow he gaze to the photo . sarah ( cont ’d ) I can take it out . mike no . we will just go like this . he fit in another picture so it cover Jimmy completely . mike ( cont 'd ) there . now I will not have to see he for another five year . 16 . int . maguire home — attic bedroom — night Jimmy lie on one of the two single bed , stare up at the low , vault ceiling . his hand be bandage and he hair be still wet from the shower and he 's wear one of shawn 's robe . jimmy 's Pov : a crack in the plaster . he reach up to touch it now , run he finger along the groove . shawn ( 0.c . ) you remember what that 's from , dontcha ? Jimmy look up . shawn enter and approach . shawn ( cont ’d ) have to be what , ' 71 ? I be in this bed with Jenny blake . you be over there with — what be that redhead 's name ? jimmy Maureen Galvin . shawn and all of a sudden I hear my dad 's voice boom from downstairs . who the fuck 's be drinkin’ my scotch !? well she jump off 'a I so fast . smacked she head right there and knock herself out . Jimmy chuckle , remember that time . he light a cigarette now as shawn sit on the twin bed across from he . jimmy rosie mad at I ? shawn ah she will get over it ... ( have : the cigarettes ) gimme one 'a that , will ya ? she 'il think the smoke 's comin’ from you . Jimmy hand shawn a cigarette , light it for he . they sit there smoking for a few moment . shawn ( cont ’d ) wanna tell I what 's go on ? ( off look ) come on , Jimmy , you look like a fuckin’ castaway . you tell Frank you want to dick he wife , and you be not gonna be able to jerk - off for the next two month . a beat . Jimmy concede now — jimmy you ' member billy coughlin ? 17 . shawn sure . jimmy I can not sleep no more . keep seein 's he face in my dream ... he 's in the shower ... get a hole in he head a 's he can not stop laughin’ at I . before coughlin it be Terry burke and before he it be Vince amato and — shawn billy coughlin be a pederast , Jimmy . he would wait outside the ball field askin’ little boy if they want to see he parent 's basement ... remember what he do to George Martin 's boy ? ( Jimmy nods ) he 's never be right since . how many more would he have get to if we have not do something 's ?... he get what he deserve ... they all do . Jimmy nod perfunctorily . he believe that once , but lately it 's be weigh on he ... the demon ... shawn ( cont ’d ) look at I ... Jimmy do . shawn lean forward and put he hand behind he friend 's neck the way father often do to son . shawn ( cont ’d ) what do I always tell you ? whereever we be go when we cross that line , we be go together ... I and you ... off Jimmy , look into shawn 's eye ... believe he ... always believe he ... fade out . ext . philadelphia / schuylkill river — wide — following night the skyline be see beyond the Garden Street Bridge . a million light shimmer on the schuylkill River . and the CITY come to life now ( various angle ) ... a subway arrive at 30 th STREET station . worker bee spill out and hotfoot it to the escalator ... upenn coed scuttle off to the bar ... prostitute prowl the street of juniata , all fishnet and faux mink , shouting promise of cheap pussy and ass ... fan funnel into the well fargo arena for a 76er game ... patrol cruiser race down cecil B. moore avenue , siren blaring ... ' player 's deal junk in fairhill ... int . mike 's limousine , moving — night close on the clock : 7:20 pm 18 . Mike drive . a 76er game broadcast on the radio : play-by-play announcer the tip 's control by brand and we be underway ... igoudala over the line ... cross-court to holiday now ... Mike glance up at the rearview mirror . kujovic and goran be sit in the backseat . mike which airline , fella ? kujovic United . but we have a stop to make first . int . mayfair diner — night a greasy spoon for down - and-outer . Jimmy sit in a booth , smoking , review the football odd in the sport section . his right hand heavily bandage from the burn last night . man 's voice ( 0.c. ) look what the cat drag in . Jimmy look up at detective JOHN harding , 50 . hard -nose , see - it - all , inure to the lonely , god - awful - shitty life of a homicide detective ; and he partner , detective jose flore , 35 , fresh - face , just promote . harding motion to sit down : jimmy I be expect someone . harding bullshit . you do not have any friend , conlon . harding and Flores sit across from Jimmy . harding ( cont ’d ) detective Flores , meet Jimmy conlon . Jimmy and I use to spend a lotta time together back when he be kill people for shawn Maguire . harding say it loud enough for people to hear . patron turn and stare a moment . flore ( offer he hand ) Nice to meetcha , Jimmy . Jimmy ignore he . harding we use to have a name for he at homicide . Jimmy the gravedigger . 19 . jimmy what happen to the other guy ? that ginzo you use to follow around ? harding tornetta ? jimmy yeah , the ginzo . harding retired . live down in Atlantic City now . spend he weekend blowin’ he pension at the crap table . get tired of work with a da on Maguire 's payroll . tire of see murderer like you walk free . jimmy maybe you shoulda take a bite outta that pie , harding . you would not still be wear suit like that . harding you do not like the suit ? jimmy when 's the last time you get pussy ? harding last night actually . jimmy ( be : Flores ) I mean other than the one between he leg . Jimmy and harding stare at each other a long moment . lot of history here . all of it unresolved . harding what 's the number , Jimmy ? tornetta have you at sixteen , but I always think it be more . I make a list once . all the name . every life you ruin . jimmy how have that work out ? harding nineteen . that 's you number , right ? ( Jimmy do not flinch . to Flores now ) you ' member the good Friday murder ? flore yeah . jogger find three body in the wood along pennypack Creek . 20 . flash to : wood in winter . grey . skeletal . three dead men pile on top of one another like garbage . each with a single gunshot wound to the head . we get a close - up of each dead man 's face as harding say there name : harding ( v.o. ) Ernest haye ... Ted grady ... and Glenn cavetto . back to harding harding each have a .45 slug in he frontal lobe . that have to be yours , Jimmy . it 's get you signature all over it . single bullet . Nice and clean . always to the forehead so you could look ‘em in the eye before blow ‘em to kingdom come , right ? jimmy name do not ring a bell . harding they should . you be the godfather to cavetto 's son . ( beat ) come on , just whisper it in my ear . Hand to God it never leave this table ... what 's the number ? Jimmy appear to be come to a decision . it seem as if he 's ready to relieve himself of some long -held burden . he exhales a large stream of smoke then lean forward . harding , too . jimmy ( whisper ) you partner 's get he foot in my crotch and he 's ticklin’ my ball . harding look at Jimmy : some asshole never change . harding ( to Flores ) let 's go . I lose my appetite all of a sudden . harding and Flores slide out of the booth . before harding leave , he set he card in front of Jimmy . harding ( cont ’d ) when the nightmare get so bad you can not stand to look at yourself no more , gimme a call . harding and Flores go . off Jimmy , wonder if he 's already reach that point ... 21 . int . colin 's row home — mayfair — night Pearl jam ' rearviewmirror 's — blare from a stereo . Colin and kenan be snort line of blow on the couch . they have be at it a while . amped - up and high as kite . the doorbell ring . Colin do a final line , then tuck the mirror into a drawer . kenan stand and answer the door on kujovic and goran who step inside . colin hey , there the boy ! goran pat kenan down , then do the same to Colin . colin ( cont 'd ) whoa whoa , easy . you be grabbin 's at the real weapon there , pal . that 's the pussyslayer ya get a grip on , chief ! ( laugh ) gordan ( to kujovic , in serbian ) ( clean . ) colin siddown , siddown . kujovic sit . goran stand by the door . colin ( cont 'd ) how ' bout a drink , huh ? vodka ? scotch ? whatever ya need . kujovic we have a plane to catch . where 's my money ? colin ( chuckle ) you be a businessman . I like that . ( to kenan ) you hear the man . he want he money . kenan nod , leave the room . int . limo / ext . STREET outside colin 's house — night Mike 's read the Daily News when he notice a skinny black youth in a 76er iverson jersey , curtis bank , 12 , ride by on a bike . the boy circle back , keen to get a look at the car . Mike smile , return he attention back to the news . then — a tap at the window . it 's curtis , backpack over he shoulder . Mike roll the window down . mike can I help you ? 22 . curtis this you limo ? mike that 's right . curtis can I get a ride in it ? mike sorry , buddy , I be uh ... I be with a customer right now . but curtis do not leave . he look around at the interior . mike ( cont 'd ) you out here by yourself ? ( curtis nods ) pretty late to be ridin 's around on you own , dontcha think ? curtis I aint scared . mike you parent know where you be ? curtis my mom work night as a nurse . my brother , he 's a'pose to be watchin’ I , but he 's off with he friend ... you can not even take I around the block ? mike wish I could , pal — curtis can I at least get in then ? never be inside a limo before . a beat . Mike , take pity on the kid : mike where do you live ? curtis point to a apartment tower in the distance . mike ( cont 'd ) tell ya what . i’1l letcha take a look around if you head home after . deal ? curtis beam , set he bike on the sidewalk and climb in the car . Mike watch he in the rearview as he look around . awed . touch everything . it 's as if he 's in a spaceship from some other planet . curtis this ride be gangsta , yo ! kanye style ! 23. mike what 's you name ? curtis curtis ... but erry ’one call I leg . mike leg ? curtis mmm hmm . mike I be Mike ... whadda they call ya leg for ? curtis switch the radio dial , find a hip - hop station . curtis check I out , Mike ! he stand and dance . leg of rubber . damn good , too . Mike watch , smile , switch on the ' star 's ceiling light . int . colin 's house — night the music so - fucking loud now and colin so - fucking stoned as he sing along , bob he head . he 's sit on the couch , kujovic directly across from he in a armchair . kenan reenter the room and hand kujovic a duffle bag . kujovic unzip it and look inside : colin it 's all there . Count it if you want . reveal that the bag be fill with a pile of monopoly money . kujovic look up at Colin . Colin start to laugh . kujovic this be funny to you ? colin ( try to stop laugh but can not ) I be sorry , I be sorry , it 's just ... think what you could buy with all that money ! you could put up a fuckin’ luxury high -rise on Park place ! ( more laugh ) kujovic do you have any idea what my associate be go to do to you ? colin no . but I get a pretty good fuckin’ idea what I be gonna do to you . what _ happen next , happen in a instant : 24 . colin reach under the coffee table where a 9mm pistol have be affix with tape . he rip it off — aim the pistol at kujovic and — blam ! — a bullet to he forehead and — goran go wide - eye , reach inside he coat but — colin 's faster — blam ! blam ! — two shot tear into he chest . he collapse to he knee , pitch forward , and die . a beat . colin ( cont 'd ) ( to kenan be : the music ) turn that shit off . kenan , addle by the sudden violence , switch the stereo off . Stone quiet now . he look at the body and the so-much blood leak from goran and spread across the floor . kenan whadda we do now ? colin get ‘em to the basement . Colin and kenan move to goran first . lift he arm . as they do , Colin glance outside and notice the limo : fuck ... int . limo — continuous curtis be jam out to the music in the back . Mike watch the house , see the front door open and Colin step out . mike curtis . ( no answer , louder now ) leg . curtis ( look up ) yeah ? mike get down for a second , huh . curtis crouch low on the floor . try to maintain a level of professionalism , Mike put he driver 's cap back on , switch the music to easy listen and raise the tinted backseat window . as Colin make he way towards the limo , Mike 's face crease with recognition : be that ...? before he can process it — tap -tap -tap — Colin rap he knuckle on the window . motion for Mike to roll it down . Mike lower the window . in a flash , Colin press the 9 mm against he temple . he reach inside the car with he leave hand now , turn the engine off and take the key . 25 . colin get outta the car . mike what 's the uh ... what 's the problem ? colin the problem be you be still in the fuckin’ car . now get out . close on curtis : he look up , just enough to see the pistol against Mike 's head . he freeze , afraid to breathe . Mike nod , open the car door and step outside . ext . colin 's house — continuous Colin have the 9 mm against Mike 's back . they arrive at the front door . through the edge of the window shade , Mike glimpsis the live room : sees kujovic slump in the armchair , blood drip from he head onto the floor . colin open the door . Mike freeze , hand on the door knob , mind racing . he know what await he on the other side of that door . colin ( cont 'd ) ( lose patience , prods Mike ) I say open the fuckin’ door . Mike turn the knob and be about to step inside when — boom — a car door open in the street behind they — Colin turn back — sees curtis flee the limo — hop on he bmx bike and pedal off — Mike see he opportunity — enter the home , then slam the door shut on colin 's arm as he try to get in — colin ( cont 'd ) ahhh ! you motherfucker ! Colin drop he pistol and — Mike race for the back door — past goran 's body — through the family room — into the kitchen — almost there when — thwoomp ! — he 's drill by kenan , who arrive from out of nowhere with a lower shoulder and — Mike goe airborne — fly into the kitchen table and crash to the floor — bleeding from a gash above he eye . kenan stand over he . 26 . kenan the fuck do you think you be goin 's ? kenan draw he pistol and train it on Mike — wait for instruction from Colin who be slowly make he way in from the family room , cursing under he breath , clutching he arm . Mike notice a partially crack glass on the floor — think fast — grab it and stab the jag edge into kenan 's leg — kenan ( cont 'd ) ahh ! fuck ! Mike 's on he foot — Colin run in from the family room — raise he pistol and fire — blam ! blam ! blam ! — each shot narrowly miss — mike who be out the back door — tearing across the snowy backyard — vault a chain - link fence — into another backyard where a vicious doberman boast its fang and chase — mike oh fuck — oh fuck — oh fuck — Mike hop a second fence — shake off the growl doberman which have a mouthful of he pant leg and — Colin and kenan — not far behind , chasing Mike and — Mike emerge from the backyard into a STREET — look around — can hear the footfalls and voice of Colin and kenan approach . he leave frame ... a beat . ..- colin and kenan emerge into the street . look up and down . nothing . they spread out now . peer in car window . under other . everywhere . no sign of Mike . finally , concede : colin come on , let 's go . as Colin and kenan leave , we reveal mike , hide under a car just foot away from where kenan be check ... he hear they walk off ... exhales .. ext . colin 's house — minute later Colin open the limo door , look around . wallet and cell phone in the console . Colin open the wallet , slip out the Driver 's license : michael thomas conlon . colin Jesus Christ ... ext . leonard STREET , mayfair — night — establishing pallid row home as far as the eye can see . 27 . int . jimmy 's row home — night beside a die fire , Jimmy recline on a tatter lazy Boy . it 's freezing in here and he 's wear a knit cap and he 's cover himself with dozen of afghan and shower towel . a nearly empty pint bottle of Jim bean sit on the end table . a knock at the door . Jimmy take off the pile of warmth and move that way , open the door on a hvac repairman , 30 . hvac man you Jimmy ? jimmy yeah . you the guy be a'pose to be here two hour ago ? hvac man ( step inside with he equipment ) sorry ' bout that , pal . woman on frankford have raccoon in she attic duct . nasty fuckin’ critter . jimmy furnace be in the basement . door 's right there . hvac man y ’got anything to eat , buddy ? bagel chip or pretzel or somethin’ salty like that ? I be starvin’ . Jimmy look askance at he . jimmy do you want I to put my foot up you ass ? hvac man right . hvac man head down into the basement . the phone ring . Jimmy cross into the kitchen , answer . jimmy hello ?... yeah , shawn ... Michael ?... my Michael ? int . bedroom closet — night Jimmy push aside clutter until he find a old shoe shine kit case . open it revealing the sw1911 pistol ( the very same gun we see in the open scene ) . it 's old , be out of service for a while . he lift the pistol out of the case , tuck a few extra clip into he pocket . 28 . ext . jimmy 's row home — night as Jimmy exit in a bulky brown parka and move to a ' 94 buick century in the street . climb in and start the car . int . mike 's row home — night as Mike burst in . sweating , flushed , a trickle of blood run down the side of he face from the cut above he eye . he can hear the girl and sarah in the kitchen . talking , giggling . take a moment to compose himself . do not want to alarm they . check he look in the mirror . clear away the blood . finally cross into the — kitchen where Sarah , catelyn and lily be at the table decorate Christmas cookie . Sarah look up . sarah you be back early . mike Girls , go get you thing pack up . you be gonna sleep over you uncle Drew 's house tonight . catelyn ( excited ) really ?! lily really !? mike hurry up and get ready . the girl race off excitedly . Sarah look askance at Mike . sarah what 's go on ? and now she see the cut over he eye . a rivulet of blood run down the side of he face . she stand and move to he . sarah ( cont ’d ) oh my God , Mike . be you alright ? Sarah reach for a napkin and dab at the cut . sarah ( cont 'd ) what happen ? mike the client I pick up . I drive they to a house ... Colin Maguire 's house ... sarah Colin Maguire ? you mean — 29 . mike yes . yes . and he ... sarah ..- he what , Mike ? mike ... they be both dead . murdered . sarah ( beat , nonpluss ) oh my God . oh my God — do you call the police ? ( Mike shake he head ) Mike . mike Sarah , it 's not that simple with this people — sarah what do you mean it 's not that simple ? mike I grow up around this stuff . okay ? I know what they be capable of . I just ... I have to think about this . sarah what 's there to think about ? sarah mike two people be dead — you . the girl — mike bein 's the only witness to two murder . sarah ( not have any of it ) I be call the police . she lift the wall phone . Mike quickly take it from she and hang it back up . mike just trust I on this . okay ? a beat . Sarah , let it all sink in . finally : sarah Mike , I be scared . he tilt he head down . they forehead touch . mike look at I ... ( she meet he eye ) everything 's gonna be okay . take the girl to you brother 's house . ( more ) 30 . mike ( cont 'd ) do not call anyone and do not go anywhere ' till you hear from I . okay ? she reluctantly nod , then go . we stay with mike . he slide out a chair and collapse into into it . exhausted . confused . try to wrap he head around everything . he just sit there , vacant , listen to the voice of he girl down the hall : catelyn ( 0.c. ) can I play dress - up with maggie ? sarah ( 0.c . ) we will see , sweetheart . lily ( 0.c . ) I wanna play dress - up , too . sarah ( 0.c. ) come on , girl . uncle Drew 's wait . int . police department , 2nd district — squad room — night quiet . slow . everyone in holiday wind down mode . int . captain daley 's office — night red wine be pour into a plastic solo cup . district captain daley , 60 , portly , jolly , red-face , sit behind he desk , drink the french wine as he tell a story to police officer — rich whalen , 40 , brawny , mustach , and terry edney , 30 , short , rat -face , sit across from he . daley — prosecutor say to I , can you describe what you see when you enter the apartment ? I say : well , that gentleman sit there be have sex with two woman . he say : can you be more specific , please , Captain ? so I say : sure , counselor . see that blonde there ? he be hammer she from behind while the brunette over there be tickle he prostate . whalen and edney laugh . daley 's cell phone vibrate atop he desk . ' shawn call ...’ he answer : daley ( cont 'd ) I be partake in some of you yuletide gift as we speak . int . maguire home — study — night on shawn , sit at he desk , on the phone . not amused . intercut shawn and captain daley 31 . shawn we have a problem . daley motion with he hand for whalen and edney to leave . they stand and go . daley ( he mirth fade ) do not tell I that ... shawn it 's Colin . he 's get two body at he house . daley Jesus Christ . what the hell be wrong with that kid ? goddamnit , shawn — shawn shut you fat fuckin’ mouth . do you hear I ? daley yeah . I be sorry , shawn . shawn there 's a witness . it 's Jimmy 's son . daley conlon ? shawn he 's on he way over there now to talk to he . name be Michael Thomas conlon . 2620 East somerset . daley scribbles the name and address down on a notepad . daley whaddaya need from I ? shawn let I know if anything come through dispatch . if it do , make sure you boy be there first . daley alright . int . daley 's office — same daley hang up , dispiritedly dump the wine into the trash . how quickly a good night can go to shit . he tear the sheet off the memo pad and call out to the squadroom . daley whalen , edney . he wave the officer back in . 32 . int . maguire home — study — night shawn look to Pat stand by the bookcase . shawn make sure Colin stay put . we will wait to hear from Jimmy . Pat nod . a beat . shawn appear lose in he thought . PAT what be you think about ? shawn the exact moment when the boy go wrong . ext . mike 's row home — driveway — night Mike and Sarah fasten catelyn and lily into the car seat inside she minivan . Mike kiss Sarah , then watch the van reverse out of the drive . int . mike 's row home — kitchen — night Mike remove a dusty bottle of whiskey from a cabinet , pour himself a shot . drink it . cringe , cough , nearly puke into the sink . he grab the portable phone and sit at the kitchen table . dial 9 - 1 ... then stop ... think ... vacillate ... boom - boom -boom at the front door startle he . a beat . boom -boom -boom . Mike stand , slip a butcher knife from a knife block . move charily across the live room to the door . through the peephole he see jimmy stand there in he parka . mike ( sotto ) Jesus Christ ... he guardedly open the door . mike ( cont 'd ) what be you doin’ here ? jimmy can I come in ? mike what for ? 33 . jimmy I get a call from shawn . you talk to the police yet ? mike talk to the police about what ? jimmy look , Michael , we both know why I be here ... now let 's get this thing figure out so no one else get hurt . Mike reluctantly let Jimmy in . close the door , lock it . Jimmy sit in a chair , do not bother take he coat off think this will only take a few minute . Mike take a seat on the couch now . a awkward silence follow . finally : mike so what , they send you to keep I quiet ? jimmy shawn uhh , well , he have appreciate you support on this matter . mike you mean he would appreciate I keepin’ my mouth shut . shawn that 's right . a beat . mike who be they ? jimmy I do not know . not mother theresa I can tell ya that . whatever Colin do , I be sure he have a reason for it . mike you always have a reason ? or be you just follow march order ? jimmy let 's just get through this night , huh ? after that you can go back to hat I all you want . int . colin 's corvette — night on a blackberry : vibrate on the dashboard . caller id read : ' Pat Calling ... 's Colin answer . 34 . colin yeah ?... alright ... no , it 's all clean up ... do not I just fuckin’ say that !?... I get it , okay ? I be not goin 's nowhere ... Colin hang up . reveal now that the car be park on mike' STREET and Colin be stare directly at Mike 's home . he reach across kenan sit in the passenger seat , take a clip from the glove compartment and insert in he 9 mm — click . kenan y’sure you wanna do this ? colin what , you get a pussy all 'a sudden ? kenan no , it 's just — you dad tell we not to go nowhere . colin fuck my dad . I be not takin 's any chance on this one . besides , I 'il be doin’ everyone a favor gettin’ ridda the old man anyway . Colin exit the car , kenan follow . we track the two as they stalk toward mike 's house ... kenan limping with a bad leg ... down the alley between home , ducking under a window inside which we see mike and jimmy talk ... to the backyard where Colin quietly lift the cellar door and they start down ... int . mike 's row home — live room — night on jimmy : as he take out he final cigarette and light it . mike do not smoke in the house . Jimmy stub it out , tap it back into the box for later . he gaze around the room . jimmy the place look good . I have not be here since — mike Mom 's funeral . it be nice of you to show up . jimmy well I hear there be free booze . mike that 's funny to you ? 35 . jimmy lighten up , huh ? I be just tryin 's — mike five year and it take shawn Maguire to get you to come see I . jimmy you never want I to come see you . mike I will not argue with you there . a beat . mike ( cont 'd ) so what happen now ? I mean you be the expert at this thing , right ? jimmy I nil go see shawn . let he know we talk . I be sure he 'il wanna show he appreciation . a little money you could set aside for the girl . mike catelyn and lily . jimmy what 's that ? mike my daughter name . catelyn Grace conlon , and lily Rose conlon . jimmy I know what they name be . do they know mine ? mike they do not have a reason to . you be not a part 'a they life . it 's bad enough you be a part 'a mine ... lucky for mom and I you do not stick around too long . Jimmy absorb the jab a moment , then stand . jimmy I 'il go let shawn know we talk . Goodbye , Michael . ext . mike 's row home — night as Jimmy exit the home and move into the street . he take out that last cigarette again , be about to light it when he notice colin 's corvette park across the street . 36 . int . mike 's home — kitchen — night Mike gulp down a glass of water . turn on the faucet and splashes some water onto he face . int . live room / hall — same the basement door open eerily slowly . colin and kenan step out , pistol in hand . they look around , spot Mike in the kitchen and start that way , walk soundlessly and — mike shut off the faucet and reach for a towel . dry he face , then look at he reflection in the window . he 's shocked by the sight of colin , just foot behind he . he turn back — Colin raise the 9 mm at he — Mike shut he eye , brace for what 's next and — blam ! black . for a uncomfortably long time . finally : mike open he eye . still alive . Colin have he hand on he neck , face twisted into a question mark , as if he 's be stung by a bee he never see circle . suddenly , a river of blood seep through Colin 's finger and run down he shirt . he 's be shot in the neck . reveal jimmy now ... stand at the end of the hall ... the $ w1911 in hand ... unlit cigarette dangle from he lip ... kenan look down at he pistol ... know he 'il be dead before he raise it . he make the smart move and run for the back door ... exit the home ... Colin fall to he knee ... then topples to the floor ... and die ... blood fan out beneath he ... Jimmy step into the kitchen now . stare down at a colina moment . slide out a chair and sit at the table . jimmy gimme a light , will ya . Mike open a drawer , hand he a lighter . Jimmy light the cigarette , exhales a long cloud of smoke . he reach up for the portable phone and then just sit there for a few moment figure out what he will say to he best friend . finally , he dial the number ... 37 . int . maguire home — master bedroom — night shawn 's on he knee , hand clasped together as he say he nightly prayer . a painting of the virgin Mary be prominent on the wall above he . in the background , rose sit at the vanity remove she make -up . the phone ring . shawn reach for it on the night stand . shawn hello ... intercut shawn and jimmy jimmy yeah it 's I . shawn rise , sit on the edge of the bed . shawn how would it go with Michael ? a beat . jimmy I just kill you boy , shawn ... I just kill Colin . the blood leave shawn 's face . he forget how to breathe for a moment . jimmy ( cont 'd ) he be gonna shoot Michael . another beat . shawn and you be sure he 's dead ? jimmy yeah , I be sure . I be look at he right now . shawn look into the bathroom at Rose ... he poor wife ... she only child ... Rose turn back to he . rose who be it , honey ? shawn calmly shake she off : it 's no one , not important . shawn ( turn he body , quietly now so Rose will not hear ) you know how this have to end . jimmy yeah , yeah I know ... 38 . shawn for Michael , too . jimmy ( look at Michael ) yeah ... the longest beat now . jimmy ( cont 'd ) shawn ...? shawn mmm hmm . jimmy wherever we be go when we cross that line , we be go together , right ? shawn consider that a moment , then hang up . int . kitchen — night Jimmy listen to the dial tone a moment ... know everything change from this point forward ... try to process what it all mean for he ... and for Michael . finally , he set the portable phone on the kitchen table . Mike quickly pick it up . mike I be call the police . jimmy you do not wanna do that . mike I be not ask for you advice . you do not wanna be here , you be free to walk out that door . Jimmy look at Mike , then slowly get to he foot and make he way to the front door . at he back , he hear : mike ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) yes , this be Mike conlon at 2620 East somerset ... a man 's be shot and kill here ... no , my father do ... Jimmy exit the home . int . maguire home — master bedroom — night shawn move into the bathroom and stand behind Rose and wrap he arm around she . he whisper in she ear , but we do not hear what he say . Rose look back at he . 39 . rose no. shawn ... shawn , no . no no no — shawn I be so sorry , Rose . rose ( break ) not my boy , shawn . not my boy ! no ! no ! not my boy ! no ! she begin to beat her fist against he chest . sobbing . he pull she close and squeeze she so tight . rose ( cont 'd ) not my boy , shawn ... shawn sshh ... sshh ... off shawn , hold she as she fall apart ... int . police cruiser , moving — port richmond — night officer whalen and edney slowly prowl the street . the radio crackle to life : dispatcher ( v.o . ) report of a shoot at 2620 East somerset . all unit in area respond , over . the two cop share a look . whalen reach for the radio . whalen copy that , dispatch . 157 respond . eastbound on Cedar . dispatcher ( v.o. ) 10 - 4 , 157 . edney hit the gas , switch on the siren . int . buick century — later on the clock : 9:34 pm Jimmy observe Mike 's house from halfway down the block . a police cruiser arrive out front , light flash . whalen and edney step out , approach the home . int . mike 's row home — night as Mike answer the door on whalen and edney . whalen Michael conlon ? ( Mike nods ) officer whalen and edney . 40 . mike come on in . whalen and edney enter . whalen peer into the kitchen , see Colin 's body . Pool of blood on the linoleum floor . mike ( cont 'd ) ( vattle , search ) I do not even know where to start with this whole thing . I uhh ... I work as a limousine driver and earlier I pick up a reservation . two gentleman at the Rittenhouse Plaza — whalen lift you arm for I , please . Mike lift he arm . edney pat he down . mike ( continue ) they want I to take ‘em to the airport and — edney turn around . mike Excuse I ...? whalen do it for he , shove he up against the wall . hard . apply handcuffs now . mike ( cont 'd ) what the hell 's goin’ on here ? I be try to explain to you ... whalen slip he Glock out and jam it into Mike 's cheek . whalen feel that ? say another word and I ' 11l blow you tooth out you ear . int . buick century — night Jimmy watch as whalen and edney escort Mike out of the house and prod he into the back of the police cruiser . jimmy Jesus Christ ... he start the engine . int . police cruiser — night edney at the wheel . whalen lift the radio : whalen 157 at 2620 East somerset . that RA unit en route ? 41 . dispatcher ( v.o. ) 10 - 4 , 157 . northbound on lehigh . a ambulance siren can be hear in the distance . whalen decease white male in the kitchen here . neighbor see a suspect flee the house just before we arrive . mike ( stunne , realize whalen and edney be in on it ) hey ! hey what the fuck be this ?! whalen ( look at mike ) White male , blue jeans , 6'1 's . mike hey ! help ! help ! whalen ( continue ) suspect be armed . Officer edney and I have secure the premise and be gonna take a drive around to see if we can locate he . Mike kick the seat , shout — mike help ! help ! dispatcher ( v.o. ) 10 - 4 . ext . STREET — night the cruiser pull away ... follow closely by the buick ... ext . interstate 676 / int . police cruiser — night Mike in the backseat , fear deepen the farther and farther away from home they travel . mike I ’1ll pay you . I do not make a lotta money , but I 'il empty my savings . there 's a retirement plan , too . I do not know what 's in there , but ... whalen and edney dismiss this with a laugh . mike ( cont 'd ) please . I be beggin’ yous . I get two little girl at home . two little girl and my wife 's eight month pregnant . 42 . whalen sorry , kid . this one go way over you head . a beat . edney ( turn back to Mike ) so what 's it like havin 's Jimmy conlon for a father ? mike ( beat , then : ) I would not know . ext . vine STREET expressway — same as a chrysler 300 cruise up the entrance ramp . int . chrysler 300 , moving — same frank and brendan inside . Frank 's on he cell : frank ( be : the police cruiser ) yeah , shawn , we get eye on he now . we be gonna make the exchange off 'a 9th ... no , it 's just the kid ... int . buick century , moving — same Jimmy 's just one car behind the cruiser . a exit approach . the cruiser pass by . Jimmy ' know 's now what he already assume : they be not take Mike to the precinct . he drill the gas . the ancient engine growls to life . pull up alongside the cruiser and — int . police cruiser — night Mike glance out the window , sees jimmy in the neighbor lane ... and the buick coming at he fast — so fast — and — bang ! the buick hit the cruiser ! the cruiser shudder — its side scrape up against the median barrier — SPARKS fly — edney what the hell ! whalen and edney look over and see that it 's Jimmy . he 's come at they again and — bang ! more shuddering ! more SPARKS ! edney fight to straighten the cruiser . 43 . whalen motherfucker ! whalen lower the window and fire he Glock — pop ! pop ! — int . buick century — same — pop ! pop ! — bullet shatter the driver 's side window . Glass rain all over Jimmy who sling out into the far lane . int . chrysler 300 , moving — same frank and brendan — watch the chaos unfold up ahead — frank ( be : the buick ) Jesus Christ . it 's Jimmy . ext . vine STREET expressway — wide — continuous as the Police cruiser and the buick fly down the interstate , swerving in and out of traffic — slamming into one another in some insane death dance . int . buick century , moving — same Jimmy aim he .45 out he window and fire — pop ! pop ! pop ! int . police cruiser — same edney duck , then look out the windshield only to find he 's about to smash into the back of freight truck — he swerve at the last possible moment — veer across three highway lane — crash into the median barrier — boosh ! — a concrete explosion and — on mike slow-motion now as the cruiser goe airborne — flipping over — the car , the city light , the night sky — all of it upside down . real time resume as — thoomp !— it land on its roof — ext . vine STREET expressway — night and skid across eastbound traffic before finally come to rest against the barrier wall . all traffic halt . driver climb out of the car to gape at the horrible wreckage . jimmy burst out of the buick , .45 in hand as he hop over the median . a trio of good samaritans near the cruiser to look for survivor . Jimmy fire the pistol into the air : jimmy get back ! I say get the fuck back ! 44 , samaritan spook and retreat . Jimmy arrive at the Police cruiser . peer inside . edney be dead , head slump limply , unnaturally to one side . whalen appear to be unconscious . in the backseat , mike be daze , scrape and bruise on he face . Jimmy try to yank OPEN the crinkle backseat door . too jammed . so he smashes the butt of the pistol against the window — crack ! — shatter it . he shout inside now : jimmy ( cont 'd ) Mike ! ( nothing , louder now ) Michael , goddmanit get up ! Mike snap from he stupor , localize the noise . sees Jimmy lean inside the window . it 's like he 's awaken from the worst nightmare of he life ... only it 's not a nightmare . he glance down at the handcuff . then see the carbon fiber handcuff key on nance 's gun belt . grab it along with nancers pistol and begin to remove the handcuffs as — int . chrysler 300 — frank and brendan stop a quarter - mile back from the accident . they leap out of the Chrysler , pistol in hand and weave they way through traffic towards the scene accident . int . police cruiser — same Mike slip off the handcuffs . Jimmy reach in . jimmy gimme you hand ! Mike stare at he father 's hand ... the last person on Earth he want any help from . but what choice do he have ? Mike grab it . Jimmy pull he out through the window . the two start to run down the expressway shoulder . manage to get ten stride away when — gunfire fill the night . jimmy 's hit in the shoulder and fall to the ground . Mike spin back to find — whalen staggering towards they . he 's manage to climb out of the cruiser . weakly raise the pistol at mike and — Mike — instinct take over — fire first — hitting whalen in the gut . whalen clutches he stomach and fall ... dead ... a long beat . 45 . Mike look around ... everyone stare at he in shock ... the weight of what he 's just do sink in ... a killer now ... from the ground , Jimmy sees frank and brendan approach . he labor to he foot and yank Mike away — jimmy ( cont 'd ) we gotta move . ( Mike 's freeze ) now goddamnit ! they run . in the distance , Jimmy focus on the large white pillar of 30th STREET train station ... int . 30 th STREET station — lobby — night pack with traveler scuttling across the concourse . Jimmy and Mike burst in . Mike start like he 's about to take off , but Jimmy rein he in . jimmy wait ... Mike follow he eye to the cop prowling the lobby and the detection k - 9s make the round . they adopt a casual gait , blend in and slowly make they way across the lobby floor . frank and brendan enter the station now and look around . nothing . they spread out . concourse Jimmy and Mike move through a crush of pedestrian , feel the urgency and pick up the pace . frank stalk through that same concourse . sees jimmy up ahead step onto a down escalator . he run now , knocking people out of the way — holiday shopping bag hit the floor as he push he way onto the escalator and — mike turn back , sees Frank near . mike shit ! Jimmy sight he now , too . Mike take off . Jimmy 's not quick enough . Frank grab a fistful of Jimmy 's parka . a struggle ensues . 46 . mike step off the escalator and turn back . sees Jimmy in a struggle , be pummele by Frank . he decide to leave he . jimmy deflect blow — manage to flee franks grasp . he stumble off the escalator and run into the — bathroom try to lock the door when — ba-woomp ! the door fly backward as frank come barrel in , knocking Jimmy to the floor . Frank lock the door and stare down at Jimmy , a shit -eate grin curling on he face : frank I have be waitin’ a long time for this , conlon . Frank kick Jimmy in the rib . Jimmy moan , try to crawl away . Frank drag grab he leg and pull he back , kicking he over and over . Jimmy writhes in pain . frank ( cont 'd ) I be enjoy this even more than I think . jimmy yunno you wife call I last night . another kick to Jimmy 's rib . Jimmy grimace . jimmy ( cont 'd ) ( tooth - clench in pain ) goddamnit ... you fuckin’ ... frank what would my wife say ? jimmy ( catch he breath , then ) she want to take I up on my offer . frank be that right ? jimmy and I gotta tell ya , Frank . I have never see a woman swallow twelve inch like she do . Frank smile , almost appreciate the moxie of the tough old prick . he pick jimmy up by he brown parka and deliver a pale - horse punch to Jimmy 's face . Jimmy wheel backward into the trash can , collapse to the floor . tire , bloody , do . 47 . Frank remove a hk p30 pistol from the waist of he jeans and start towards Jimmy as — Jimmy inconspicuously slip the belt off he trousers and as Frank raise the pistol and — whap ! Jimmy whip he across the face with the belt buckle . Frank drop the pistol , double over , hold he eye . frank fuck — you motherfucker — ! Jimmy 's on he foot — wrap the belt around Frank 's neck like a garrotte — pulling it so fucking tight and — Frank fight he like a bull — wheeling backwards — then forward — slamming jimmy into the stall and against the wall — he face a inferno and — Jimmy 's knuckle whiten — tooth clench tighter — mining every ounce of strength leave in he weary bone ... until ... finally ... Frank 's strength wane ... resistance flag ... he collapse over the sink , and die ... Jimmy let he down . take a moment to find he breath . seem on the verge of collapse and have to steady himself against the wall ... int . subway platform — minute later as Jimmy join the crowd of other wait for the subway . keeps he head down , avoid eye contact . a light appear in the tunnel . the subway near . Jimmy look back at the stairwell . brendan enter the platform and survey the crowd . brendan move through the throng . sees Jimmy 's brown parka up ahead . slip a pistol out . the subway brake hiss as it arrive at the platform . brendan grab the brown parka and spin the man around . jab the pistol into he gun and ... brendan say goodbye , motherfucker — ..- but it 's not Jimmy . just a grizzle old bum , happy as a clam about he new winter coat . 48 . jimmy head low , slip onto the subway car . the door close . he watch Brendan frantically look around as the train leave the station and disappear into a tunnel . he exhales , fall into a seat ... ext . interstate 676 , vine STREET expressway — night the scene of the accident . a circus . flare , police tape , traffic back up for mile . horn from impatient driver . for harding it 's just another night on the job as he crouch down beside the cruiser . get a look at edney inside , then turn to whalen 's lifeless body ten yard down the road . flore appear behind he . flore you ready for this ? harding do I a favor and get ridda that . flore ridda what ? harding ' you ready for this ? 's first thing you be gonna learn be you be not ready for any of it , but it 's comin’ anyway . flore ( nodd , a bit embarrassed ) right . harding go ‘head . flore the buick over there , one that run the cruiser into the median ? harding yeah ... flore registered to a James Edward conlon . harding turn back to Flores . now he 's listen . flore ( cont ’d ) just get off with the dispatcher . last contact she have with the patrol car be at 2620 somerset Street . officer respond to a report of a shoot . wanna guess who the homeowner be ? 49 . harding frosty the snowman ? flore Michael conlon . harding ( nonpluss ) conlon 's get a son ? flore ( nod ) he call it in . Said he father just shot and kill someone . the body they find inside be Colin Maguire . harding , never surprised by what he hear anymore , take a moment with this one . he turn back to the cruiser , sees something inside and reach for it . he lift the vacant handcuff into frame ... think ... moment later — harding and flore head back to they car when detective sayer and nance ( the two plainclothes detective we meet inside Colin 's office ) arrive and step from a unmark Crown Victoria . sayer look like we have get ourselves a blue - ribbon shitshow here , huh , harding . harding if we do not , we do now . what be you two doin’ here ? nance Chief want all hand on deck for this one . sayer ( patronize ) you might finally catch you white whale . harding not if you have anything to do with it , sayer . do I a favor and stay the hell outta my way . Flores , behind the curve , try to understand the history . sayer gladly . nance ( shit-eate grin ) see you boy around . harding and Flores climb into a dodge charger and drive off . 50 . int . subway car , moving — night a SMALL puddle of blood . drip from Jimmy 's sweatshirt onto the floor . the sleeve be soak from the bullet wound . pan up to Jimmy . pallid and weak . across the aisle , a black woman stare warily at he . not want to arouse suspicion , Jimmy stand and trudge into another car ... ..- and there , sit alone at the opposite end , be mike . thousand - yard stare in he eye , try to comprehend how he life fall apart in a matter of a few hour ... Jimmy walk that way and sit across from he . jimmy look like we be stick together tonight . Mike look at he , eye burn with resentment . a moment pass , then : mike I kill that cop , do not I ? jimmy hard to tell with that thing . coulda miss the vital , a officer in good health , emt quick to the scene . mike what be the chance of that ? jimmy Zilch . you blow up he gut . family 's makin 's funeral arrangement . ( off Mike 's glare ) I be the expert at this thing , right ? a beat . jimmy ( cont 'd ) where be the girl ? mike at my brother - in- law 's . jimmy get over there as soon as we be let off . borrow a car , buy a plane ticket — do whatever you gotta do — just get outta the city . mike ( chuckle , a bit delirious at this point ) get outta the city ? 51 . jimmy that 's right . mike and go where ? my beach house in the Caribbean ? jimmy if ya get one , sure . mike ( snap , reality set in ) where the hell be I gonna go ?! huh !? this be where I live ! this be where my family life ! I do not get nowhere else to go ! a few rider take notice and stare at Mike . jimmy ( to a elderly gawker ) t’fuck be you lookin’ at ? turn around . ( gawker turn away , then ) look , Michael , I know how this thing work ... ext . the abbey pub — night as the light come up inside . jimmy ( v.o. ) right now shawn 's get everyone meeting up at the Abbey . int . the abbey pub — night shawn and Pat stand before two dozen brawny gang member , dress for the cold , eagerly await march order . jimmy ( v.o. ) from there they be gonna start knockin’ on door . ext . duplex in fishtown ( sarah 's brother 's house ) — night someone 's pounding on the door . Sarah 's brother , drew , 27 , open it revealing two of shawn 's men ( 1 & 2 ) . they push drew aside and make they way into the home , search under table , in closet , et al . Drew 's wife and two kide cower on the family room couch . jimmy ( v.o. ) family , friend , co-worker ... 52 . int . basement — night light come on over the unfinish space . gang member 1 make he way down the stair , look around for sign of life and finally head back up . reveal : sarah , catelyn and lily hide in the space under the stairwell . shake , afraid to breathe ... jimmy ( v.o. ) ... anyone that can connect they to you . int . 2 nd precinct — muster room — night pack with police officer . close - ups of face : some sober , other boil with impotent rage . jimmy ( v.o. ) and the cop , they get they own motivation . captain daley , blood on fire , enter and pin photo of whalen and edney on the corkboard for everyone to see . jimmy ( v.o. ) right now that fat fuck daley 's tellin’ they about some kid who lose he father ... some wife without a husband ... ext . 2 nd precinct — lot — night as dozen of crown vic leave the parking lot ... jimmy ( v.o. ) yunno what they do to cop killer ? they do not like to leave it ina jury 's hand . ext . philadelphia — various angle ( police & shawn 's crew ) the black -and -white spread out ... shawn 's crew prowls the street ... flashlight sweep across dark alley ... STREET cop comb train station , bus stop , public restroom ... shawn 's thug ransack jimmy home , destroy everything . we get the feel that every inch of the city be be watch . jimmy ( v.o. ) every cop and hood in this city be hunt we down ... back to : 53 . int . subway car — on jimmy jimmy forget about this place . get you wife , get the girl , and make a life somewhere else . a long moment as Mike consider Jimmy 's advice . finally : mike no. jimmy . -- no what ? mike I be not run . jimmy you do not get a choice . mike I do not do anything wrong . jimmy you think that matter ? mike someone else be there ... someone else see what happen at Colin 's house . jimmy ... who ? mike curtis ... but everyone call he leg . int . the abbey pub — storage room — night kenan sit in a fold chair . he 's a mess . sob , scared , leg bandage from when Mike stab he . two gang member stand nearby . he look up as shawn and Pat enter . kenan ( blubber ) I be so sorry , Mr. Maguire — I be so fuckin’ sorry . shawn calmly kneel down in front of he . shawn it 's okay . look at I . ( kenan meet shawn 's eye ) do he suffer ? brendan Colin ...? shawn do my son suffer ? 54 . kenan ( shake he head ) uh-uh ... no , no , he just kinna ... go down ... it all happen real quick ... relieved by this , shawn pat kenan 's cheek . shawn thank you . tight on : shawn 's hand . a hunting knife fall from he sleeve into the palm of he hand . kenan I be really sorry , Mr. Maguire . he , he be my best friend and — before he can finish , shawn stab he in the gut with the knife . then quickly , furiously jab it in and out a dozen time . all he rage surging forth at once . kenan 's eye widen in shock and horror . his face contort in horrible anguish . with he palm , shawn sink the knife in deeper ... kenan 's head slump limply ... dead ... int . bathroom — minute later blood swirl down a sink drain . as shawn rinse the knife in the sink , he catch a glimpse of he reflection in the mirror . can not help but notice how old he look . maybe too old for this anymore . PAT ( v.o. ) I just get off the phone with rourke . in the mirror , we see Pat stand in the doorway . shawn and ...? PAT he 's available . a beat . shawn seem to be make a decision . finally — shawn make the call . ext . suburban STREET — bryn mawr — establishing a pretty Colonial home on a quiet , leafy street . music up : Beethoven 's ' allegretto in C minor 's — 55 . int . study — night — close on a diorama . the Battle of antietam . miniature figurine , union and confederate soldier , in the throes of the epic struggle . canon , flag , horse . blood , pain , anguish . tight on a military figurine — a union soldier see under a magnifying glass . a tiny paintbrush ever - so- carefully graze he bayonet blade with a streak of silver acrylic . reverse — a haunt , pale mineral - blue eye stare down at we . focus , unblink . wider reveal — andrew price 40s , a tall , fit man sit at the desk . bespectacle , bookish , hair neatly parte . he 's wear a plaid button - down shirt and press docker as he examine the figurine , keen to analyze every angle and line . the phone ring . price do not break focus . he carefully set he paintbrush down , shut off the classical music on the bose Wave stereo and answer . price price residence , Andrew speak ... mmm hmm ... mmm hmm ... he reach for a memo pad , push he glass back against the bridge of he nose . write now with perfect penmanship : 2 @ $ 100,000 each price ( cont 'd ) and the name , please . mmm hmm ... Michael conlow price ( cont 'd ) Jimmy do you say ? mmm hmm ... Jimmy conlow price ( cont 'd ) and where be they now ?... mmm han ... int . walk -in closet / bedroom — night as price enter and reach for a aluminum briefcase on the top shelf . take it down and set it on the bed . open the lid revealing two fn five - seven pistol with laser sight . he slip on a shoulder holster and slide the two pistol into place . reaches for he ll bean field coat now . 56 . int . family room — night it 's like a rockwell painting come to life . garland , tinsel , a cozy fire . neatly - wrap gift surround a tastefully adorn Douglas fir . price 's wife , 40 , watch a sitcom in she comfy sweat and reindeer sock . two young boy play with a elaborate christmas train set on the floor . price descend the stair and enter the room . wife who be that on the phone , hon ? price just the office . one of the server crash . wife but , sweetie , it 's eleven o'clock . price it should not take very long . do you need anything while I be out ? wife will you get some skim milk and egg for the morning ? price mmm hmm . ( smile to the boy ) be good for you mother . they be too engross in the train set to respond . wife Love you , honey . price Love you , too . price go . int . garage / int . audi a7 — night price climb into the audi , start the engine . arrange a police scanner on the dashboard . chatter between a dispatcher and STREET unit . he reverse out of the drive and tear down the street . int . row home — mayfair — night dog food be poured into a BOWL . stand in the outmode kitchen , eddie conlon , 55 , tall , hardy , broad , tilt the bag of iam over the bowl . a small tv play on the counter . a old , sickly labrador near , sniff at the food a moment . 57 . eddie go ‘head . eat. come on , you like this shit . the Lab mosey off , disinterested . eddie ( cont 'd ) oh for Christ 's sake . there 's a knock at the door . Eddie trudge that way , hobbling on two ruin roofer 's knee . more knocking . louder now . eddie ( cont 'd ) yeah yeah , I be comin 's ! ( arrive at the door ) who be it ? jimmy ( 0.c . ) it 's I , Eddie , open up . eddie who 's I ? jimmy ( 0.c . ) it 's you brother . it 's Jimmy . eddie ( pause , suspiciously now ) what do you want ? jimmy ( 0.c. ) just open the goddamn door , will ya ! reluctantly , Eddie open the door . sees Jimmy ... and then Mike stand there beside he . eddie ( nonpluss ) Michael ? what — what be you doin’ here ? what 's go on ? mike how ya doin 's , uncle Ed ? eddie good , yeah ... ( notice the blood on Jimmy 's sweatshirt ) be that blood ? Jimmy — jimmy we get jump . eddie jumped ? Jesus Christ ... ( yanking they inside ) get in , get in . Jimmy and Mike step inside . Eddie close the door , lock it . 58 . eddie ( cont 'd ) ( to Jimmy ) go in the bathroom . hurry up . Jimmy move off . we follow eddie , older - brother - mode now as he move into the kitchen ... gather a batch of hand towel ... open a cabinet and take down peroxide , bandage , et al ... as he do the SOUND of the tv become prominent : reporter on tv ( 0.c . ) — that 's right , Ken . Police be on the hunt tonight for two suspect identify as James conlon and he son , Michael conlon ... Eddie whirl to the tv . do he hear that right ? picture of jimmy and mike appear on the screen now . reporter on tv ( cont ’d ) .+- who they say take the life of two veteran police officer during a deadly chase and shoot on the vine Street Expressway . footage of the accident scene now . the hideous wreck . White sheet cover body . eddie ( sotto ) Jesus Christ ... feeling a presence , Eddie turn back to find Mike stand in the doorway . he 's be watch . his head fall , unable to proffer a excuse . a look of resignation register on Eddie 's face ... int . bathroom Jimmy take he sweatshirt off . his flabby skin plague with tattoo : boyhood bravery that now look fade , cartoonish . he turn the shower on , lean in and wash the flesh wound . Eddie enter with the towel , bandage and a change of clothes for Jimmy which he set on the counter . jimmy thanks . two fuckin’ spic right there on cottman Ave ... knife this long ... get my wallet , too . Whole fuckin’ neighborhood 's goin’ to shit ... eddie ( solemnly ) what have you get yourself into this time , Jimmy ? ( off look ) it 's all over the news in there ... 59 . resigned , Jimmy shut off the water and sit on the toilet . he begin to wrap he arm with the bandage . jimmy I need the key to you cabin . eddie what for ? jimmy ( be : Mike ) get he wife and girl up there while we figure this out . I be gonna need a car too . and cigarettes if ya get any . eddie it be not enough that you ruin you own life , now you be bring Michael into this ? jimmy I be not bringin’ he into anything . I be tryin' to get he out . eddie two cop , Jimmy ? shawn put you up to this ? he ask you to handle something for he ? ( no answer ) the worst thing that ever happen to you be meetin’ that sonofabitch . ( still no answer ) goddamnit I be talk to you ! jimmy ( stand up ) and I be listening ! whaddayou want from I , eddie !? huh !? they face be just inch apart . year , decade really , of hurt , betrayal , and disappointment rise to the surface . mike in the de , listen . bathroom a tense face - off between the brother finally dissolves . Jimmy sit back down and continue wrapping he arm . jimmy ( sotto ) t’fuck do I even come here for ? eddie shawn 's not gonna be able to get you outta this one . 60 . jimmy yeah , well , you 's 1ll get you wish then . what be the word you use that time on the stand ? the animal belong in a cage , judge . ( a dark chuckle ) helluva 'o endorsement , big brother . Eddie feel a pang of guilt . jimmy ( cont 'd ) gimme the key to you cabin and you car . I swear to Christ it 'il be the last time you ever hafta see my face . off Eddie , a deal he can not refuse ... ext . eddie 's duplex — driveway — night Jimmy and Mike sit inside Eddie 's salt - encrust oldsmobile achieva . Jimmy , now dress in he brother 's sweatshirt and flannel coat , start the engine . Eddie lean in the window and hand Jimmy a pack of malboro reds . jimmy thanks . Jimmy light one . eddie there be two rifle in the closet downstairs . jimmy okay ... eddie listen . Mom 's in the hospital ... ( off Jimmy 's look ) she slip on some ice comin’ outta Church this mornin’ . fracture she pelvis , bruise she leg up pretty bad . they get she overnight at jefferson . I just think , before all this ... if you want to see she ... Jimmy nods . Eddie look at he little brother , then at Mike , unsure what else to say at this point . eddie ( cont 'd ) God bless . Jimmy reverse out of the drive . Eddie watch the car vanish down the street and stay watch long after it 's go . ext . crown limousine — fishtown — night — establishing a small , fence - in lot house a fleet of limousine . 61 . man 's voice ( v.o. ) reservation be make under the name stevan kujovic ... int . crown limo , manager' office — night harding and Flores sit across from vince farina , 60 , a chain - smoking workaholic with thinning hair slicked back over he scalp . his desk be choke with invoice , receipt , antacid . farina pick - up be 7:00 at rittenouse Plaza . two passenger go to the airport . harding they make it there ? farina beat I . but the client never call . which make I believe Mike pick ‘em up . harding ( to Flores ) run a check with the airline . ( back to farina now ) how long 's conlon work for you ? farina almost two year now . flore good worker ? farina best employee I get . never miss a pick -up . never get a complaint . every driver be like he I would not have stomach ulcer the size 'a silver dollar . instead I get fifteen shithead and one saint . he toss back two horse pill and wash they down with a glass of alka -seltzer . harding 's cell phone vibrate . he stand , duck out into the hallway and answer : harding harding . jimmy ( v.o. ) it 's Jimmy conlon . harding very funny , tornetta , but I do not get time for this shit right now . 62 . int . oldsmobile achieva — night Jimmy 's on he cell phone , look down at harding 's card . jimmy it 's Saturday . be not that greasehead losin 's he ass at the crap table ? intercut between jimmy and harding a beat . harding , realize it really be Jimmy . then : harding I hope you be on a plane to the shangri- La , conlon . jimmy I try . Flight be book . harding then breathe in that fresh air cause where you be go you 'il be lucky if you get fifteen minute of that a week . Rest 'a the time you will be rottin’ away inside a four- by -six concrete box . jimmy what be the number you have I at ? harding sixteen . jimmy wrong again . harding no shit . only this time I get thirty witness who see you run a cop car off the expressway , kill one officer while you son finish off he partner . jimmy what if I tell you my son do not have anything to do with this ? harding I would tell ya I do not give a shit . I be gonna put he away just for be related to you . silence on both end . each wait for the other to flinch . finally : harding ( cont ’d ) it 's gotta be a weird feel for you , conlon . 63 . jimmy what do ? harding tables turn . be the one hunt . even you pal shawn Maguire want you dead . you do not have a friend leave in this world . a beat to let that sink in . Jimmy do not object . can not . harding ( cont ’d ) turn yourself in . make this easy . Jimmy consider it for a moment , then : jimmy you drink coffee , harding ? harding six cup a day for the last thirty year . help I shit regularly . jimmy put in a little extra sugar . it 's gonna be a long night . Jimmy hang up . int . office hallway — same harding hear the dial tone , tuck the phone away . he glance back into the office where farina be talk to Flores : farina — you ask I , none of it make any sense . I never even know Mike have a father . he tell I he old man die when he be five year old ... off harding , replaying Jimmy 's word in he head ... int . oldsmobile achieva — night Jimmy watch as the front door of Drew 's home open . Mike exit with lily in he arm ; Sarah hold catelyn . Jimmy look at the face of he granddaughter peek through bulky winter coat and knit cap . it 's the first time he 's ever see they . he smile faintly . ext . STREET — continuous as Jimmy step out of the car . catelyn be Santa come tonight ? mike not tonight , sweetheart . catelyn soon ? mike only a few more day . 64 . Sarah notice Jimmy first . he wave awkwardly . she ignore he . now catelyn see he and hug Mike tight , train to be wary of stranger . catelyn who 's that man , daddy ? Jimmy 's about to respond , step forward to meet she . then : mike nobody , honey . let 's get in the car now , okay . a little piece of Jimmy die right then . he stall , stand there , empty , as the girl be load into a suv . int . oldsmobile achieva , moving — night Jimmy drive , smoke . Mike 's in the passenger seat , stare pensively out he window . sees a group of christmas caroler , parent and young child , go house to house . make he think of he daughter ... he wife ... he life before this ... jimmy be it a boy or a girl ? mike ( snap from he melancholy ) uhh ... boy . jimmy how far along be she ? mike almost eight month . jimmy you get a name pick out ? mike yeah ... Jimmy wait for the next sentence . but Mike 's not share . jimmy still workin’ that security job ? 65 . mike ( shake he head ' no 's ) cutback . get ridda half the staff . drivin 's a limo now . jimmy make a decent livin 's doin’ that ? mike what 's a decent livin 's ? I make enough to pay the mortgage , feed my girl and take my wife to dinner once a month . ( meaning Jimmy ) there be worse way to make a buck , I guess . jimmy but you like it ? I mean , you be happy ? mike ( chuckle ) since when do you give a shit if I be happy ? this be for you own sake , right ? peace of mind ? I say I be happy , that life turn out alright , and you do not feel so shitty for walk out on mom and I ? jimmy that 's right . so be you ? mike happy ? jimmy yeah . mike I would be happier if I be play third base for the philly , but something tell I that aint gonna happen . jimmy you do not get the arm for third anyway . ( off Mike 's look ) I be just sayin’ . second maybe . third ? no shot . Ball 's have be skipppin’ into first . mike ( shake he head ) you really be a piece of work , you know that ? jimmy I be not tryin' to bust ball , it 's just a honest assessment . 66 . mike here 's what I think about you honest assessment . ( raise he middle finger ) jimmy I use xoa watch you game . mike bullshit . jimmy in high school . I have sit in the outfield , though . could not stand bein’ around the other parent . every asshole tellin’ you how he kid 's the next Lou gehrig . a beat . what Jimmy say next do not come easily : jimmy ( cont 'd ) you be a good player , though . good , solid ball player . fast. tough . smart . you do not tear you knee up , maybe thing coulda turn out different . Mike look over at he . have no idea he know about that . jimmy ( cont 'd ) get a tryout , make a minor league club . who know ? but that 's life , yunno ? it do not offer any do -over . mike believe I I know . a few silent moment pass . only the sound of 1060 newsradio . the anchor tell of plummete temperature . it 's suggest the elderly stay inside . mike ( cont 'd ) she would still ask for you , yunno ? that use to drive I crazy . I would be in the hospital room with she and all of a sudden she have say , oh Michael , I just wish you father be here ... and later , when she get really sick , she have wake up in the middle of the night call you name . jimmy you mother and I be together a long time . they be not all bad year . mike do not you ever think about comin’ by ? I mean , just to ... say hello , see how she be doin 's ... watch a stupid goddamn tv show for all I care . that never cross you mind ? 67 . jimmy I watch my father go that way . take he five year to die . by the end he weigh a hundred and ten pound . ( shake he head ) Promised myself I have never go through that again . mike well good for you . you keep you promise . and she die alone . jimmy you think she deserve someone better . I guess I can understand that . mike no , that 's not it . I just want she to hate you the way I hate you . int . homidcide unit — 750 race — night tight on : a article in the Philadelphia inquirer from 1995 . pick up word : in a stun verdict , Jimmy ' the gravedigger 's conlon be acquitted of the murder ... cu ( photo in article ) : jimmy , 30 here , in a courtroom , hugging shawn follow the not guilty verdict . cU ( b.g. of same photo ) : harding , early 30 , in the rear of the courtroom , stand beside he ex-partner , tornetta , apoplectic with rage . on harding at he desk , scan the article behind read glass . feeling weirdly nostalgic . the night dredge up memory . flore ( 0.c . ) Son 's cleaner than Mr. Rogers . pull from he reverie , harding tuck the article into a drawer . spin he chair to Flores at the neighbor desk . harding no prior ? flore not even a parking ticket . I talk to one 'a he co-worker . Said he enrol in business course up at Temple . want to get outta the late- night - no - holiday hack life . harding slip off he glass , recline , think . 68 . harding Young father try to make a better life for he family suddenly go on a cop-kill rampage with a old man he 's tellin’ everyone be dead . ( shake he head : it do not compute ) who call it in ? flore ( read the dispatch log ) Michael . told dispatch he father shot and kill a man in the kitchen . harding so why do he run when the cop get there ? ( Flores shrug : beat I ) lemme see the log ... Flores hand it to harding . harding read ... confuse , then troubled by what he do not see . he abruptly grab he overcoat off he chair — harding ( cont ’d ) come on . Flores leap up , wiggle into he coat , then hurry to catch up to harding who 's already out the door . int . CITY hospital morgue — hallway — night shawn and Pat be escort down a long , sterile hallway by a attendant . they arrive at a door . Pat wait outside as shawn enter the room ... -+.colin 's body lie on a metal table . shawn approach and stand over he , absorb the finality of this moment . shawn that 's Colin ... that 's my son . shawn slip he hand out of he overcoat pocket and gently run he finger over he son 's face ... as if to memorize its feature . int . hospital cafeteria — night shawn and Pat sip cup of coffee as they wait to sign papers . shawn be quiet , contemplative . PAT want some more coffee ? shawn shake he head ' no '. shawn when I be sixteen , richie conner call I over to he house . ( more ) 69 . shawn ( cont 'd ) he know I be pullin’ small job here and there and he ask I if I want to come work for he . do not make a decision now , he say . go home . sleep on it . come back and see I in the morning . here 's what I want you to think about : there be two type of man in this world . the first man get up in the morning and go to work for someone . he work hard to make a decent live for he wife and he child . everyone call he a friend . when he die , a funeral be give . the family gather and storey be tell about what a nice , simple , decent man he be . then they go home and go on about they life ... the second man know no boss . he life recklessly and boldly , make enemy and hurt the one he love . when he die he be bless and curse in equal measure . party be throw to celebrate he life , other to rejoice in he death . his enemy toast that they 's 1ll never have to see he again . but that that love he wonder how they 's 1l ever live without he ... I do not sleep that whole night . I knock on he door at six the next morning . Pat look at he curiously . off Pat 's look , a explanation : shawn ( cont ’d ) earlier , I be tryin' to remember the moment when the boy go wrong . ext . plaza tower apartment — night establishing . a dilapidate , graffiti-plague fifteen -story housing authority building . teenage riffraff outside . smoke dope , talk shit . mange-ridden dog amble . int . plaza tower — 6th floor — night tight on mike plead with a young mother , 30 , who cower behind a door chain . mike curtis . his name 's curtis — young mother I be sorry , I do not know anybody by that name — mike his mom work as a nurse ... probably hahnemann , or frankford Hospital — young mother I be really sorry . I have to go . 70 . mother shut the door . a few door down Jimmy knock on another apartment . jimmy open up . we be lookin’ for leg . gruff man' voice ( 0.c . ) I , too . preferably spread . int . stairwell — moment later Jimmy and Mike walk up another flight of stair . Jimmy lag behind , exhaust , he breathe labor . Mike turn back . about to ask if he 's alright , but decide against it . keeps move . 7th floor — Pov from the end of the hall Jimmy and Mike knocking on apartment door to no avail . reverse now — a elderly woman nervously watch the two from she slightly ajar door . she quietly shut the door , tiptoes into the kitchen , lift the phone and dial 9 - 1 - 1 ... int . police precinct — daley 's office — night Captain daley pace . can not sit still . night from hell and it 's still not over . he glance up to find harding and flore make they way across the squad room . daley ( know harding , sotto ) oh shit ... harding and Flores enter he office . harding have the dispatch log in hand . harding I would like a minute of you time , Captain . daley what for ? harding I wanna know why officer whalen and edney fail to notify dispatch when Michael conlon be apprehend . daley ( incredulous and enraged ) Jesus Christ . you be really gonna come at I with this rulebook shit now , harding !? 71 . harding ( read the log ) 9:36 pm — a neighbor see the suspect Michael colon , flee the house on foot . harding ( cont ’d ) daley ( continue ) I get two officer whose ten minute later he 's body be still warm and handcuff in a pileup on you be already lookin’ to 676 . I wanna know how the drag they name through the hell do he out there ? mud ? harding ( cont ’d ) where be they take he ? daley get the fuck outta my office ! harding who call in the favor ? be it Maguire ? ( no response ) if you have something to do with this , daley , I be gonna drag you in frunna the commissioner of investigation myself . daley you would like that , would not you ? harding you bet you ass I would ! daley Cause that 's you mo , right , harding ? turnin 's over on cop . no wonder you have be strand in homicide for the last fifteen year . even you own brethren can not stand havin’ you ass around . that strike a nerve in harding . he start like he 's about to have a go at daley . Flores rein he in . flore hey hey ... easy ... a officer appear in the doorway . feel the tension in the room and stumble to talk . daley you just gonna stand there ? what be it ?! officer sorry , Captain . they uhh , they get a positive on Jimmy conlon at the Plaza Tower . harding shoot daley a look : we will finish this later . he and Flores go . 72 . int . price 's audi a7 , moving — night streetlights glide like tracers across the windshield as price cruise the city street . the scanner crackle . dispatcher ( v.o. ) all unit respond to a code 1 . 2350 tremont , Plaza tower . positive id on the I -676 shoot suspect . tac Air will assist , over . ext . CITY STREET — same as the audi abruptly u- turn , cut off oppose traffic . brake squeal . horn shout . it dart off down the road ... int . plaza tower , apartment 718 — night three teenage boy — eric , marcus and terrell ( all 14 ) — bang away on xbox controller , eviscerate a horde of posthuman in a first - person shooter game . the doorbell ring . Eric , all baggy jeans and attitude , drop he controller and open the door on Mike and Jimmy . eric ( curt ) yeah ? mike hey . hi . do you uh , do you know a kid name curtis ... or leg ...? eric who be you ? jimmy do not matter who we be . do you know he or not ? eric how ' bout you suck a fat one , old man . jimmy how ' bout I slap you ass around , you little shithead . eric you would probably like slappin 's my ass around . Eric try to close the door . Mike block it with he arm . mike please ... it 's really important that I find he . marcus near . 73 . marcus whaddayou wanna see leg for ? mike do you know he ? marcus he 's my brother . a look of relief come over Mike . then : terrell check out this helicopter , yo ! Terrell 's look out the window . Mike and Jimmy move inside and see a police helicopter hover overhead , spotlight probing the tower . below , a covey of Crown vic arrive . cop pour out and rush into the building . a look pass between Mike and Jimmy ... ext . parking lot , across from plaza tower — night price step out of the audi and appraise the scene across the street . police have surround the entrance . he appear to be puzzle through a code . then : quick detail shot — as price open the audi trunk ... put on a dragon skin bulletproof vest under he coat ... slip a few extra clip into he pocket ... remove night vision goggle ... finish , he stalk towards the Plaza Tower . a horde of officer keep a rowdy group of rubbernecker at bay . price bypass the crowd , continue to the rear of the tower . further down , he notice a young cop stand guard outside a second entrance . he near . young cop I be sorry , sir , you can not be back here . price I live on the third floor . ( point to a window ) that 's my apartment there . I have to take my medication . young cop that medication 's gonna hafta wait . two dangerous fugitive be hide inside the building right now . price oh dear . young cop yeah . go around to the front — 74 . price well maybe you could get it for I ? young cop no no — price it 's apartment 317 . ( reach into he jacket ) here 's my key . instead of a key , price remove a ka - bar knife from he jacket . in a flash of motion , he stab young cop in the neck , cover he mouth , and drag he body inside the building . ext . plaza tower — night harding 's charger arrive out front . harding and Flores climb out and join the crowd of officer outside the building . veteran cop Hell be you doin 's here , harding ? harding I be chasin 's conlon for thirty year . you do not think I be gonna miss this , didja ? vet cop smile . harding look around , spot sayer and nance nearby . sayer smirk , wave . harding turn away . int . plaza tower — 6th floor — night boom ! the stairwell door fling OPEN as six officer burst out and march down the hallway , pounding on door — shout at that inside to open up . various angle / various floors officer STORM apartment . scour bedroom , closet , shower look for Jimmy and Mike ... barking at spook and half - asleep resident to evacuate the building ... inside one apartment bedroom cop order a couple out of bed , then flip the mattress , unknowingly knocking over a candle on the night stand . close on : the candle as it ignite the rug ... flame lick the mattress above ... int . plaza tower — basement — night price shine a maglite on a electrical panel . locate the MAIN circuit breaker , switch it off . 75 . int . plaza tower — various — as the build power down ..- harding and flore look up as all the window go dark ... ..- EIGHT cop in the elevator . it shudder , stop ... ..- jimmy and mike as the ‘icicle 's light around the apartment go out . Mike try a lamp switch ... nothing ... int . stairwell — same darkness . suddenly price emerge from the black . night vision goggle on as he move deliberately up the stair like some strange alien send here with a single purpose . price 's Pov ( night vision ) : see all in electric green . Light amplify . int . apartment 718 — night on jimmy and mike at the window , watch the helicopter circle , feel the wall close in around they . Mike turn back to Marcus — mike where 's you brother ? marcus I do not know , man . shit , my mom 's gonna kill I . cop voice be hear just down the hall , evacuate more apartment . get closer . jimmy think . where do he hang out ? do he have any friend — marcus the bowl alley . jimmy which one ? Liberty ? marcus ( nod ) in the arcade . there 's a game there he like to play . eric glance inside Jimmy 's coat and notice the SW pistol tuck into he waist . his mind put thing together . a panic rise . he take off into the — hallway and call out to two officer at the far end — 76 . eric yo ! yo , they fool be in here ! two officer turn , rush that way as — jimmy and mike have hear eric 's plea — race out of the apartment — into the hall — towards the stairwell as the officer chase — officer 1 freeze ! Jimmy and Mike ignore the command — the officer FIRE ! bullet narrowly miss Jimmy and Mike as they burst into the — stairwell and sprint up the stair — price hear they footfalls two flight above . he bound up the stair — glance to he leave — sees the two officer head for the stairwell — wait for they to enter he trap and — blam ! blam ! two muzzle flash in the dark . both officer fall , shot in the head . brutal . efficient . price continue up the stair . ext . plaza tower — night harding and Flores among the cop and onlooker when — boom ! — a window in the tower explode ! everyone duck . harding look up . Black smoke billow from a 10th floor apartment window where a fire rage . he race inside building . Flores follow . stairwell — jimmy and mike as they reach the 15th floor landing . a door out to the roof . chain -locked . Mike kick it . Jimmy join in . jimmy sonofabitch ! no luck . then — voice swell below . frightened resident spill into the stairwell . men , women and child hurry downstairs . some carry Christmas gift , other treasure possession , one man haul a flat-screen tv . Jimmy and Mike exchange a look , then quickly move to join the exodus . keeping they head down as they descend . 77 . suddenly smoke creep into the stairwell . hysteria rise and the herd grow aggressive . push , shove . a elderly woman fall . Mike pick she up before she 's trample . elderly woman ( breathless ) oh thank you . thank you ... Jimmy glare at he : be you try to get we notice ? price move up the stairwell . push against the current . he spot jimmy and mike one flight above — raise he pistol and fire — blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! burst of orange light in the dark ! resident scream ! panic ! everyone hitting the ground as — mike and jimmy spill out of the stairwell — into the 7th floor hall as — another floor — find harding amid the mayhem of resident fleeing apartment and the dense smoke . can not see a foot in front of he . grabbing every resident that brushes past , pull he or she close to get a view of they face . ahab desperate to find he whale . 7th floor — mike and jimmy so much smoke now as they try apartment door . lock . lock . lock . then — Jimmy turn a knob : open . jimmy over here ! the two slip inside the apartment just as — price enter the hallway from the stairwell . price 's Pov ( night vision ) the hallway empty . fill with smoke . he start to move now . firing at door handle — kicking OPEN apartment door — scan the interior before move on to the next . int . 7th floor apartment Jimmy 's scour the space for escape route . can not find any . jimmy Michael ! ? 78 . mike ( 0.c . ) out here ! he follow the voice out to the balcony where Mike stand . wind carry smoke from the opposite side of the building . mike ( cont 'd ) ( point ) there . through the smoke , Jimmy see the rooftop of a warehouse twenty foot below . jimmy you be shittin’ I , right ? mike you get a better idea ? Jimmy can not think of one . the helicopter circle , its spotlight glide across the face of the building . Jimmy and Mike retreat , allow it to pass . Mike climb over the railing now . look down at the rooftop , gaug he direction . mike ( cont 'd ) okay . one , two — jimmy wait ! mike what ? jimmy be careful . mike Jesus Christ . Little late to start to bein 's a father , be not it ? Mike steel he nerve , then jump . the smoke obscure Jimmy 's view . he can not see if Mike land safely or not . jimmy ( nervous ) Michael ? michael ! ? mike ( 0.c. ) hurry up ! Jimmy 's turn now . he dawdle for a moment before climb over the railing as — price kick OPEN the apartment door — sees Jimmy on the balcony . raise he pistol and fire — 79 . blam ! blam ! blam ! shatter the sliding glass door as — jimmy jump and — we jump with he — through the smoke — landing hard on the roof below and tumble up to Mike . he clutches he ankle , grimace . Mike lift he to he foot as — price stalk out to the balcony . observe Jimmy and Mike running across the warehouse rooftop . jimmy feel price 's eye on he , glance back at he through the veil of eddy smoke . price returns the stare . eye on eye . killer versus killer . int . hallway — night — on harding so-much smoke now and he cover he face with he shirt and he eye be burn and he reach the end of the hall and lift open the window . gulping in the fresh air when he notice two silhouettes run across the rooftop below . he dart for the stairwell as — int . warehouse — mike and jimmy stumble across the abandon warehouse floor . all naked pipe and hang wire . Jimmy stumble , fall . mike we gotta move ! jimmy I be tryin' goddamnit ! Jimmy clamber to he foot . Mike spot a freight elevator . they cross to it . Mike press the ' down 's button when — harding ( 0.c. ) conlon ! they turn to harding across the floor . weaver stance . pistol train on they . harding ( cont ’d ) get on the ground ! ( Jimmy do not move right away ) get on the goddamn ground ! 80. concede , Jimmy sink to he knee . Mike follow . just as harding start toward they — gunfire erupt from the opposite side of the floor ! it 's sayer and nance — firing at Jimmy and Mike — no interest in take the two alive and — the elevator arrive — door OPEN — Jimmy and Mike leap inside . Mike pull the wooden gate close . harding charge . sayer and nance , too . the elevator begin its descent just as the side arrive . sayer shit ! stairwell — harding bound down flight after flight . a man possess . fly out the stairwell — into the lobby and up to the elevator . ding ! he level he pistol as the door open and ... it 's empty . he look around . nothing . just then , sayer and nance emerge from the opposite stairwell . harding glare at they , indignant . ext . warehouse — side exit — jimmy and mike come stumbling out the stairwell into a alley . Jimmy 's limping badly . Mike grab he arm , help he along . in the b.g. , the Plaza Tower be a conflagration and — int . oldsmobile achieva , moving — on mike drive away from the Plaza Tower . fast. FIRE truck whiz past on they way to the scene , siren blaring . jimmy ( out of breath ) take rowland ... get away from all this shit ... Mike hang a right down rowland . the sound of emergency siren fade off , give way to a rare quiet moment . Jimmy slip off he shoe , roll down he sock . his ankle blue - black , badly swollen . mike you alright ? jimmy yeah ... 81 . Jimmy lean back and attempt to catch he breath . his belly rise and fall slowly . so slowly . forty year of two - pack - a- day smoking take they toll . Mike glance over at he . struck by how old he look . turn he attention back to the road now and — smash ! impact ! the driver 's window explode as — ext . rowland avenue — same price 's audi broadside the oldsmobile — sending it fly onto the curb . int . oldsmobile achieva on mike , stricken , addle , shower with glass . look over at Jimmy who frighteningly aim he pistol right at he head . jimmy geddown ! Mike — snap to — duck . Jimmy fire at price in the audi , cobwebbing the windshield — jimmy ( cont 'd ) drive ! Mike drill the gas — turn the wheel — fly up the ramp of a parking garage — int . audi a7 , moving — night price pursue . dart into the parking garage . vivaldi 's ' Winter 's blaring from the stereo like a battle anthem . int . vacant parking garage — same as the audi ram the oldsmobile 's bumper — pull up alongside it now . price unload a clip into the side of the sedan . various angle now as the two car race up level after level — bumping , scraping and smashing into one another — the oldsmobile falling apart piece by piece — bumper , side mirror , hubcap — int . oldsmobile achieva , moving — same Jimmy duck as price fire another clip in he direction — jimmy ( tired of this shit ) sonofa — fuckin 's — he lean out the window and fire back at the audi 's tire — hitting one — thwoot ! — shredd the rubber . the audi shimmy , then abruptly brake ... 82 . int . oldsmobile achieva , moving — night Mike continue up the ramp , finally reach the roof level . he brake . they wait with bate breath , listen . the only sound be the wind whistling at the window . mike who the hell be this guy ? jimmy ... price . mike D 's you know he ? jimmy ( shake he head ' no 's ) just through storey . mike and ...? jimmy and he 's a real mean motherfucker . Jimmy load another magazine into he pistol . jimmy ( cont 'd ) stay here . mike where be you goin 's ? jimmy I be gonna kill he ass . ( off Mike 's look ) you get a better idea ? and with that Jimmy step out of the car . we follow he as he walk down the ramp , unravel the bandage on he burnt hand until it 's off . the roar of a engine be hear below and the dull note of vivaldi and he light a cigarette and the engine be closer and the vivaldi be louder and Jimmy stop and face the ramp just below where he stand . he tightens he grip — aim the pistol as — whoosh ! — the audi tear up the ramp — a silver flash and — Jimmy fire — blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! - and he just keep firing as the audi make its turn — come right at he . he dive out of the way at the last possible moment — the audi fly past — go so fast — too fast — try to turn — but fishtail — tire squealing — errrrr ! slamming into a concrete column ! it 's a hideous accident . the hood hiss . Dark liquid leak . the audi reduce to a metallic scribble . 83. Jimmy get to he foot and stagger close . see price through the shattered window . head press against the wheel . glass crack . face a bloody mess . but still breathe ... Jimmy reach in and grip he by he shirt . jimmy ( cont 'd ) look at I , you sonofabitch . price do . smile crookedly through blood -coat tooth . and then laugh . Jimmy presses the pistol against he temple . price laugh harder , louder , more maniacally and — flash to : billy coughlin . in the shower . feeling at the hole in he head . looking up at jimmy , laughing maniacally . jimmy tired of the demon — so fuck tired of they — finger the trigger . all he pent - up rage surging forth . a moment away from send price into permanent dark when — mike ( 0.c. ) dad ! Jimmy turn . it 's Mike , halfway down the ramp . dad . that word . paralyze he . Jimmy look at Mike ... then back to price ... a long , anxious beat . finally , he release he grip , lower he pistol and slowly make he way up the ramp toward Mike ... dissolve to : int . LIBERTY bowling lane — frankford — night nearly close time . mostly empty lane . clerk spray and put away bowl shoe . and there in the arcade , backpack over he shoulder , bang away on a machine , be curtis . closer , on curtis catch up in the action when he feel a presence . turn to Mike and Jimmy at he side . he recognize Mike and panic . tries to run . Jimmy grab he backpack , rein he in . curtis ( writhe ) let go of I , yo ! let go ! help ! jimmy settle down . 84 . mike I just wanna talk to you about what you see . curtis I do not see nuthin’ ! jimmy bullshit . Mike glare at Jimmy : let I handle this . mike I be not mad at you . I just wanna talk to you about what you see . curtis stop writhe . curtis I aint no snitch . ( beat , guilt get the better of he now ) I just ... I get scared ... mike you see what happen , do not you , curtis ? a long beat . finally , curtis nods . int . homidcide department — harding 's desk — night harding pour himself a cup of stale coffee from the old Mr. coffee on he desk . stir in some sugar . then a little more as if recalling Jimmy 's word . he rub he tired eye as he listen to a rebroadcast of the 76er game on a clock radio . play-by-play announcer ( v.o. ) the tip 's control by brand and we be underway ... igoudala over the line ... cross-court to holiday now ... harding hundre buck the sixer do not make the playoff this year . he spin he chair to Flores who 's fall asleep at he desk . harding smile , remember be young once . the desk phone ring . he answer . harding ( cont ’d ) harding . int . LIBERTY bowling lane — same Jimmy 's on the pay phone — intercut jimmy and harding . 85 . jimmy still awake ? harding yeah , I be here . jimmy meet I at frankford Center . harding what for ? jimmy I tell you my son do not have anything to do with this . now I get the proof . harding good for you . turn yourselves in , tell you story , and hope someone believe you . jimmy we both know that 's not gonna happen . that 's what I be callin you . you be the only one I can trust . harding so what 's in it for I ? jimmy the truth . harding oh fuck the truth . do you really think that matter to anyone , conlon ? if it do you ’d’a_ be lock up a long time ago . you be gonna hafta do a helluva lot better than that . Jimmy do not answer right away . harding glance at the clock radio : 1:45 am . harding ( cont ’d ) my shift 's over . I be gonna hafta transfer you to one 'a my colleague . I be sure you will find he very helpful . harding hang up , punch a transfer into he phone . across the squadroom , sayer answer . sayer sayer . hello ...? hello ...? harding 's phone ring again . he answer immediately : harding what else ? 86 . Jimmy stare at Mike and curtis sit at a booth ... a realization sink in ... what he need to do ... jimmy name . all of ‘em . harding consider the offer . the word he 's be wait thirty year to hear . harding I will be there in fifteen minute . int . homidcide — same harding hang up , then nudge Flores who shoot awake like a student who 's oversleep for a exam . flore yeah ? what ? I be up . I be up . harding ( smile ) get you coat on . we be gonna go meet someone . Flores sit up , clear he eye , yawns . int . the abbey pub — back office — night picture frame on the wall : -- shawn and Rose 's wedding . Jimmy , a young man here , a drunken , merry groomsman . -- shawn and Pat at a restaurant , arm over each other 's shoulder . -- shawn and Colin at baseball game . Colin just a young boy here . 9 year old . back when he idolize he father . on shawn sit at the desk , gaze reflectively at the photo . his whole life on the wall before he . Pat knock on the door and step inside . PAT price miss ... shawn nods . perhaps he know it already . PAT ( cont 'd ) Brendan and Robbie be headin’ down to the airport . see if maybe they can cut he off . timmy and Drew — shawn tell everyone to go home . 87 . PAT ( nonpluss ) Home ? but shawn — shawn ( calm but firm ) tell they to go home . a beat . Pat nod obediently , leave . int . CITY bus , moving — night tight on jimmy as the bus rattles down cottman Avenue . he seem somewhere else . and he 's mutter to himself . or rather to the demon inside he . jimmy Jesus Christ ... goddamn you ... God - fuckin’ damn you , Jimmy , you fuckin’ ... what a waste ... what a awful fuckin’ waste you be ... Mike , sit beside curtis , glance over at he . mike who you talkin’ to over there ? jimmy ( beat , then ) I be sorry , Michael . mike ..- for what part ? walkin 's out on I or not bein’ there for she ? jimmy ( consider , then ) not be there for she ... walkin 's out be the best thing I ever do for you . Mike reflect on that a moment , then lean he head back against the window . it 's be a long night ... such a long night ... all that adrenaline ebbing away now ... he close he eye ... he could sleep forever ... the bus arrive at a stop . rider stand and move to exit . the bus rock into motion again . curtis Mike ...? mike mmm ... curtis you dad 's go . Mike open he eye . look over . Jimmy 's seat be empty . he leap up and move to the back of the bus . sees Jimmy walk away , down the sidewalk . 88 . mike ( call to driver ) stop the bus ! hey , stop the bus ! bus driver siddown , pal . Mike watch as Jimmy get smaller and smaller ... int . thomas jefferson hospital — night a quiet corridor . a few second shift nurse milling about . the elevator arrive and Jimmy step off . make he way down the hall , peer into open patient room , look for he mother . all the while notice the ' get - well 's flower and gift surround the patient and feel a bit guilty he 's come here empty-hand . he spot a poinsettia plant on the vacant check - in desk and quickly snatch it , tucking it under he arm as he continue down the hall . he scan the placard outside each room , stop finally outside one : margaret conlon . int . hospital room — night margaret conlon , late 70 , thin , frail , be asleep on the bed . iv in she arm . bruise on she face from the fall . the door open and Jimmy enter the room . Margaret stir , squint to see he . margaret who 's there ? jimmy hey , ma . it 's I . it 's Jimmy . margaret Jimmy ? oh. oh. well , what — what be you do here ? jimmy whaddaya mean what be I doin’ here ? I come here to see you . ( be : the plant ) broughtcha something . margaret oh . it 's very pretty . put it over there so I can see it . he set the plant on the windowsill . a awkward beat . Jimmy 's uncomfortable . he 's never be very good at this thing . jimmy how ya feelin’ ? you okay ? margaret well I fall down come out of the Church this morning , yunno ? 89 . jimmy yeah . Eddie tell I . margaret who ? jimmy Eddie . ( off Margaret 's blank stare ) you son , ma. margaret oh . will you put my glass on ? Jimmy take she glass from the table and slide they back over she ear and set they on she nose . a bandage above she eye be peel off . he fix it . jimmy be ya warm enough ? margaret I be a little cold actually . Jimmy search a closet . empty . move to the door now and call out to the hallway . jimmy hello ? anyone workin’ ? ( knock hard on the door to stir someone ) I need a nurse in here . a nurse , 40s , emerge from another patient 's room . nurse can I help you ? jimmy my mother need a blanket . nurse remove a blanket from a closet and approach . nurse I be sorry , sir , but visit hour be over . jimmy ( accept the blanket , then ferry she out ) thank you . nurse Sir , you can not stay here — jimmy merry Christmas . 90 . he shut the door on nurse . lock it . cross back to the bed now and spread the blanket over he mother 's body . jimmy ( cont 'd ) there ya go . that better ? margaret oh yes . thank you . he pull a chair close and sit down beside she . margaret ( cont ’d ) ( shiver , pull the blanket tight ) I do not know why they run the air so cold in here . jimmy you gotta be careful when you be walkin’ , ma. ' specially this time a year with the snow and ice and ... the Church — they oughta have someone throwin’ salt on the sidewalk for chrissake . they priest over there be so goddamn cheap . margaret do you get to see the circus ? jimmy the circus ? margaret the one that just come through . oh , Jimmy , it be so much fun . there be elephant and giraffe and zebras . and you father come along with they . Jimmy realize she dementia be take over . but he time here be short and he play along . jimmy dad be here ? margaret mmm hmm . Riding on a horse of all thing ! can you believe that ? jimmy I do not know he could ride a horse . margaret I do not either . oh we have such a wonderful time . and afterward we all go downstairs to watch the firework . and you aunt Joan be there . and Peggy hastings ... wide : Jimmy sit beside he mother , listen to she imaginary storey , know he 's lose she ... gl . int . frankford transportation CENTER — lobby — night harding and Flores amble , scan the face of passersby and clocking the entrance for any sign of Jimmy or Mike . just then , Mike enter the lobby with curtis . harding nudge Flores . they proceed across the concourse toward Mike who see they approach . mike be you detective harding ? harding get you hand behind you back . curtis watch as harding handcuffs Mike . harding and Flores have yet to notice he . harding ( cont ’d ) where 's you father ? mike last I see he he be head down cottman Avenue . off harding , disappointed but not at all surprised . ext . frankford CENTER — lot — harding and flore escort Mike to the dodge charger . curtis follow . Flores notice he now back , look at he curiously . flore there a reason you be follow we , kid ? curtis yeah . I be suppose to tell you what I see . confused , harding turn to Mike . mike he 's my witness . ext . philadelphia — various — night as the CITY shut down for the night ... subway platform empty ... bar turn off they light ... hookers hang out in a diner , tell storey , count the night 's take . ext . the alley pub — back office — night Brendan stand outside , smoking a cigarette . drop it to the ground and twist it out with he boot tip . raising he eye , he find jimmy stand two feet in front of he . 92 . Brendan react , go for he gun . Jimmy step forward and jam he pistol against he chest . Brendan freeze . Jimmy take Brendan 's pistol from he jacket , empty the clip and toss it down the alley . brendan what be ... what be you doin 's here , Jimmy ? jimmy you know god damn well what I be doin’ here ... and if you do not start walkin 's I be gonna kill you , too . and then I ’11l kill you whole goddamn family . you know I x11 do it , too . ( Brendan nod , believe he ) do not bother callin’ anyone either . it will be over before they get here . Brendan , bound by loyalty , do not leave right away . jimmy ( cont 'd ) get outta here ! Brendan startles , then reluctantly jog off . int . the alley pub — night empty . eerily quiet . the door open and Jimmy step inside , pistol in hand . tight on : jimmy 's eye . back in killer mode . alert . darting to even the slight movement or sound . the Christmas light blink . a animated santa on the bartop click into motion , repeat a ho-ho - Ho refrain . fear register on he face . uncertainty . how long have it be ? be he too fuck old ? then — a almost imperceptible SOUND — a door knob turning and — Jimmy catch it — whirl to — PAT — across the room — step out of the back hall . he fire at Jimmy and make a fatal mistake . he miss . before he have a second chance — blam ! blam ! jimmy put two bullet into he stomach . PAT fall onto a table , then collapse to the floor , dead . ( o.c. ) a door slam shut — Jimmy look up and — ext . the alley pub — back lot — night as shawn run for he cadillac , fumble at he key , drop they now . 93 . jimmy exit the rear door now . he have a clear shot of shawn 's back , but will not take it . jimmy turn around ! shawn pause . raise he arm . shawn I do not have a gun . shawn turn around slowly , face he friend . the two man regard each other for a very long moment . shawn ( cont ’d ) be a long night , have not it ? jimmy yeah ... shawn I do not blame you , Jimmy . I would have do the same thing if it be my son ... why do not we go inside ? talk this through . tight on shawn 's hand : as the hunting knife fall from he sleeve into he palm . he slowly walk toward Jimmy who lower he gun . shawn ( cont ’d ) I wanna hear about Michael . ( move closer ) God , it must be fifteen year since I see the boy . just as shawn 's about to reach Jimmy , Jimmy raise he gun — blam ! the pistol 's report echoes for mile . for a moment , shawn do not react . slowly now , blood begin to seep through he shirt . a crimson blotch . he crumple to the cold pavement . Jimmy near , look down at he friend whose breath be short and shallow . he step on shawn 's hand . the knife fall from he grip . Jimmy reach down and toss it into the darkness . he tuck the pistol away now and sit beside shawn and pull he into he arm and hold he like a child . jimmy I be sorry , shawn ... I do it for my son . I do it for Michael . 94 . shawn look up at Jimmy . there 's no anger evident in he eye . only regret . something the two man know well . shawn try to speak but the word do not come . he reach he hand up and pat Jimmy 's cheek . forgiveness . the wind pick up . Jimmy take off he flannel coat , lay it over shawn 's body . as shawn fight for he final breath , Jimmy still he , hold he hand . jimmy ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... it 's almost over now ... shawn 's eye narrow ... then slowly close ... the light go out of he and he cross that line ... Jimmy do not get up right away . he stay there for a very long while , hold he friend in he arm , keep he warm . dissolve to : int . homicide — hallway — on harding stare at Mike through the window of a interview room . Flores approach from down the hall . flore patrol car find the limousine at a train yard in germantown . two body in the trunk . kujovic and he bodyguard . bullet match the gun find on Colin Maguire . harding nod . validation for what he already believe . flore ( cont ’d ) what be you thinkin’ about ? harding ( stare at Mike ) how some people get deal shittier hand in life than other ... bring he a phone . let he call he wife . flore you think the old mar n’1l turn up ? harding do not matter anymore . even if no court ever do , I convict he a long time ago . we follow harding as he walk down the hall . stop at a water fountain , drink , then dip he head into the stream in a effort to wake himself up . harding ( cont ’d ) I be up , I be up , I be up . 95 . he continue into the sitting area where curtis and he mother angela , 40s , be wait . Angela stand nervously , expect the worst . harding ( cont ’d ) hi. detective harding . angela Angela bank . harding appreciate you come down so late . angela what exactly be I here for , Mr. harding ? do curtis do something ? harding he do . he show himself to be a very brave young man . curtis didja hear that ? angela ( relieved , then ) very brave and very ground . man 's voice ( 0.c. ) harding . harding turn to a detective stand up at he desk . detective phone call for ya 's . harding ( to detective ) gimme a sec . detective guy 's claimin’ to be Jimmy conlon . say he want you to pick he up . int . dodge charger , moving — night Jimmy sit in the back , handcuff , watch the row home pass . the old neighborhood where he grow up . harding drive , Flores in the passenger seat . jimmy ( finally ) can we go someplace else ? harding ( glance at Jimmy in the rearview ) someplace else ? 96 . jimmy I do not want my son to be around for this . int . stockton 's diner — northeast — night Flores be at the counter , sip a cup of coffee . harding and Jimmy sit in a booth , tuck back in the corner of the space . harding set out a digital recorder . Jimmy stare at the red record button . almost laugh . never see this day come . reaching into he coat pocket , harding slip out a sheet of fade paper wear from age . he set it on the table and slide it across to Jimmy . it 's a list of name . nineteen of they to be exact . harding click a pen : harding I be ready when you be . Jimmy light a cigarette , settles in and glance at the first name on harding 's list . jimmy Ray Davies be a small - time hood use to pull job for shawn . Bank deposit slot mostly . there be a score a'pose to go down in Newark ... fade into a series of time cut as night move to dawn . we hear snatch of Jimmy 's confession to harding . intercut as need with the recorder display tracking the hour , jimmy lighting and crushing out cigarettes , coffee mug refilled , harding crossing name off he list , etc .. jimmy ( cont 'd ) ..- it 's a strip mall now , but back then it be a nature preserve . mile 'a forest . that 's where I dumped he body . could not tell ya where , but you look hard enough back there ... dissolve to : jimmy ( cont 'd ) .+. I remember he do not die right away . he just kinna ... laid there for awhile , shaking on the ground like he be havin’ a seizure or somethin’ . I do not have no bullet leave . so I run back to the car and get a tire iron outta the trunk . harding then what ? jimmy -.. I finish he off . 97 . harding with the tire iron ? jimmy yeah ... harding and who tell you to murder he ? jimmy shawn Maguire . dissolve to : harding what about Captain daley ? how long 's he be in bed with shawn ? jimmy thirty , thirty - five year . the night he graduate the academy we take he out and get he laid . this hideous lookin’ redhead shawn find walkin’ the street in olney . prolly the first and last time for that fat prick . harding he make the payroll in exchange for what ? jimmy information . name . someone be gettin’ ready to talk to you or the fed and he let we know . a final dissolve now . morning be at the window . a bright sun rise to reclaim the sky . the ashtray brim with cigarette butt . empty cup of coffee and sugar packet litter the tabletop . harding the Black Friday murder . Ernest haye , Ted grady , and Glenn cavetto . Jimmy nod : they , too . harding ( cont ’d ) and that murder be order by shawn Maguire as well , correct ? jimmy yeah ... harding check the final three name off he list . harding that all of ‘em ? 98 . jimmy ( beat ) two more . Patrick mullen and shawn Maguire . harding absorb that a long moment . harding one last thing ... jimmy do not ask I why . do not ask I that . whatever reason I have back then ... they fade away a long time ago ... harding I be gonna ask you to state you name . I forget to record it when we start . he hold the recorder up to Jimmy . jimmy James Matthew conlon . harding ( into the recorder ) detective John harding . December 22 , 2011 . 6:11 am . stockton 's diner . harding shut off the recorder . leans back . stretch . eye adjust to the morning light . jimmy you have kid , harding ? harding two boy . jimmy Close with ‘em ? harding I wish I be closer . but do not all father ? a moment . jimmy can I ask you a favor ? harding ( chuckle ) you can ask . jimmy you get grandkid ? 99 . int . dodge charger , moving — PA turnpike — morning ( dawn ) Jimmy sit , handcuff , in the backseat , Mike beside he . harding drive , Flores in the passenger seat . Jimmy stare out he window at the snowy forest of pine . beautiful this time of year . harding glance at he in the rearview , then lower Jimmy 's window , let he breathe in the crisp , cold air . ext . pennsylvania turnpike — morning the charger barrel past a road sign : pocono exit 10 mile . ext . pocono mountain cabin — morning a cabin perch high in a pine forest overlook a modest lake . int . cabin — family room — morning on the floor , Drew play a board game with catelyn and lily , do he best to keep they busy . kitchen Sara sit at the kitchen table . warming she hand around a mug of tea . worried sick . have not sleep all night . it 's a windy , cold morning outside and the wind buffet the home . window rattle in they frame . ( o.c. ) tire over gravel . Sarah rush to the window and observe the dodge charger enter the drive . Mike step out of the car . her body slacken with relief . she could almost cry . sarah ( compose herself , call back into the de ) Girls . Girls , come over here . ext . cabin , driveway — morning Jimmy arrive at the front door . he turn back to harding and offer he hand . harding grudgingly remove the handcuffs . harding you get twenty minute , conlon . jimmy ( sincerely ) thank you . harding and Flores move back to the car . 100 . int . cabin — same Sarah open the door and hug Mike desperately . pull he tight . not want to let go . the embrace be break finally . Mike pick the girl up now and hug they . mike oh I miss you guy . catelyn I miss you , daddy . Sarah eye Jimmy warily , like a uninvite guest . jimmy hi , Sarah . Sarah , hesitant , look to Mike . mike it 's okay . he just want to meet the girl . sarah ( to Jimmy ) this be my brother , Drew . drew Nice to meet you . Jimmy nod , shake he hand . mike ( to the girl ) that 's you grandfather . go over and say hi . Mike set the girl down . they step toward Jimmy charily , coyly . Jimmy kneel down to they level . jimmy it 's very nice to meet you , catelyn . catelyn hi ... jimmy you be a very pretty girl , you know that ? catelyn my daddy say we do not have a grandfather . jimmy well you do not for a while , but you might have one now ... do that sound good ? catelyn mmm hmm . jimmy ( to lily ) and you must be lily . lily hug Mike 's leg . sarah go ahead , sweetie . you can say hi . lily bury she face in he jeans . mike you be be shy , arentcha ? 101 . it do not bother Jimmy one bit . be this close to they . that 's all he want . mike ( cont 'd ) ( touch Sara 's belly ) and this one here ... this be Michael , Jr. jimmy ( stand ) good name . maybe you can teach he to play ball one day . mike we will see . I do not get much of a arm , but ... Jimmy smile . a awkward moment . the realization that year of hurt cannot be aton for in a few moment . catelyn can we go see the duck now , mommy ? lily yeah ! can we see the duck , mommy ? sarah in a minute , girl . jimmy no no . go ahead . mike why do not you come out with we ? jimmy yeah . yeah , I 'il meetcha down there . I be just gonna get some water . thirsty . 102 . mike okay . come on , girl . Drew and the girl exit the cabin . before Mike leave , he turn back to Jimmy . mike ( cont 'd ) I be glad you get to meet they . jimmy I , too . Mike go . Jimmy be alone . physically and emotionally drain . he move to the sink and pour himself a glass of water . drink it in a single gulp . ahhhh ... he run he burnt hand under the cold water and watch the water move through he callouse finger before finally shutting the faucet off . he pace around when he notice the collage Sarah be make for the new baby on the kitchen table . ' US before you 's . it 's finish now . every inch of canvas cover . he look at it curiously a moment . sit at the table now and peer down at the picture . so many . a mosaic of moment fit together to tell a family 's life . jimmy 's Pov the picture . catelyn 's birth , lily 's first bath ; birthdays , holiday , Halloween costume , bike ride , etc ... a lifetime of happy memory . jimmy his eye well with tear . jimmy 's Pov very tight on the face of Sarah . catelyn . lily . Mike . very tight on jimmy it hit he all at once ... everything he miss ... everything he be not ... and it just break he ... it just fuck shatter he into a million piece ... his stomach quake . jimmy oh god. oh god. tear roll down he face . we stay on Jimmy for a very long while , fight like hell to hold it together ... until ... 103. ...- something strange happen . look at the photo again , he realize ... he son be not he ... that he sin be he own ... and a great relief wash over he . his whole body slacken as if a great weight have be lift . he gather himself and move to the back door . through a pane of glass , he watch he family down by the lake . walk along the water 's edge . the girl point at the duck . boosh ! the glass door panel shatter ! six bullet rip into he chest ! he reel back — try to steady himself against the kitchen table — but he leg give out and he collapse to the floor . through the shattered panel , we see price outside . a haunt visage . the leave side of he face cover with crimson- tinged bandage . his glass be crack and askew . like a figure from a nightmare figure come horribly to life . at the lake 's edge Mike hear the dull echo of gunshot . he look upward to the cabin , but can not see anything through the dense wood . mike ( to Sarah ) take the girl . sarah Mike — mike go! now ! Sarah grab catelyn and lily and rush off . Mike run back toward the cabin . price click another magazine into he five - seven pistol , then coolly start down the wood slope towards the lake to fulfill the second half of he charge . int . cabin — jimmy clutching he bloody chest . he drag himself across the kitchen floor , leave a streak of blood on the linoleum . grunting through unbearable pain , he pick himself up , open the closet door and remove a kimber classic hunting rifle . 104 . int . dodge charger — driveway — harding and flore Flores notice price walk through the wood , down towards the water . flore who the hell be that ? harding lift he eye and observe price make he descent . he leap out of the car and — int . kitchen — jimmy -308 winchester cartridge fall to the floor as Jimmy load the kimber rifle . he stagger to the back door and kick it OPEN . steady himself against the frame — try to focus — but he 's daze — fade — so much blood lose ... he raise the rifle — narrow a eye and — blam ! kingfisher bird flee a tree . a crimson eruption flash off price shoulder . price falter , lean against a prodigious pine and calmly appraise the gape wound and expose tendon and bone of he shoulder . blood run down he right arm which hang limply at he side like a flaccid noodle . he can not move it . undaunted , he reach over with he leave hand and take the pistol and trudge forward as — mike begin to scurry up the steep slope when he notice price . just ten yard away . he freeze . price raise he leave arm , level the pistol at Mike when — blam ! blam ! two bullet rip through price chest . he pitch forward and tumble headlong down the rock-ribbed slope , come to rest finally on a slab of rock , dead . Mike scan for the source . harding appear at the crest of the slope , pistol still train on price ... wait for any movement ... finally : 105 . harding everyone alright down there ? Mike take a moment to find he breath . then it hit he . Jimmy . he race up to check on he father — mike dad ! he slip on the wet soil and slide all the way down to the bottom and get to he foot , unfaze , and run back up even more desperately than before , grab at shrub , grab at anything he can and — mike ( cont 'd ) dad , answer I ! tight on jimmy very near death . slump against the frame of the back door . the rifle on the ground beside he . his breath get quieter and quieter until they be barely audible . his life do not flash before he eye . there 's no tunnel or white light . he just die . a gust of wind tousle the dead man 's hair . the wind howl . the scream of the dead . fade out . int . mike 's row home — kitchen — morning frost on the window . snow blanket the ground outside . through the entryway , we see Mike come down the stair . he plug in the Christmas tree light . open the front door and lift the morning newspaper . bat the snow off and cross into the kitchen now . he shiver from the cold , start a pot of coffee . move to the kitchen table now . it 's litter with textbooks — Business Law , account , Finance — still open from he study session last night . he close the text , stack they on the counter and take a seat at the table . 106 . we slowly push in on mike as he open the newspaper , leaf through absently . then ... something capture he interest . tight on the newspaper , a obituary ( we read ) James Matthew conlon , Jr. , 55 , of mayfair , December 22 , 2011 . decorate Vietnam War veteran . belove husband of the late Katherine ( howe ) . devote father of Michael Patrick ( Sarah ) . dear brother to Edward P. and son of Margaret ( Finley ) and the late James Matthew conlon , sr. love grandfather of catelyn Grace and lily Rose . on mike hard to tell what he 's think . his face a melange of emotion : relief , anger , regret , sadness , absence . catelyn ( 0.c. ) daddy , can I watch cartoon ? Mike look up . catelyn stand in the doorway with she ' blankee 's in hand . mike ( snap from he pensiveness ) uhh , sure , sweetheart . he fold the newspaper and set it aside . catelyn sit at the table . Mike stand , switch on the counter television and find spongebob squarepant . mike ( cont 'd ) do you want some pancake ? catelyn mmm hmm . with chocolate chip . Sarah come down the stair now with lily in she arm , head against she shoulder . she look a little under the weather . mike what 's the matter ? sarah sore throat . mike ( to lily ) you okay , honey ? lily ( hoarse ) it hurt when I talk . sarah I give she some robitussin . lily yuk ! 107 . Sarah smile , sit down at the table . sarah ( to catelyn ) what be you watch , sweetie ? catelyn spongebob . Mike take out the pancake mix and a bowl . the coffee maker ding . he fill a mug and hand it to Sarah . sarah thanks , hon . how would the study go last night ? mike ( sigh ) Long . nine more credit . i’1l be glad when it 's all over . sarah be daddy gonna pass all he test ? lily nod . Mike stir the pancake mix . add in some chocolate chip . catelyn chuckle at something goofy on the television . lily , not want to miss out , slip out of Sarah 's hold and sit beside she sister , laugh when she laugh . Sarah sip she coffee and slide the newspaper close . off the family do what family do we slowly fade out ... the end .