up close & personal } a screenplay by Joan didion & John Gregory dunne suggested by Golden girl 24 April 1994 : up94.7 fade in -- fullscreen <- tally atwater 25 or 26 , demeanor impeccable , against a seamless backdrop . tally atwater what we in the news business can never ... another angle -- the director and crew filming tally director you be pick up shadow on she face ... a assistant adjust a umbrella reflector director -.- &@ little more fill ... we see the light happen on tally face director «.eagain , tally ... tally atwater what we in the news business can never forget ... be that news be we product , never personality . when I go on can - era ... I forget myself entirely ... director kill the strobe , you still get shadow ... b&w videotape on a editing machine -- luanne atwater tally 's sister , early 30 and show vear , outside she trail ex , the camera pan over the ipark ; " life live on the margin . luanne you see sallyanne now ... I still call she sallyanne ... you have never guess what kind of scared little kid she be ... the videotape freeze on the editing machine director v.0. «slay the voice over the snapshot ... fullscreen -- a series of snapshot of tally atwater as a child with she father , mother and luanne , then with she mother , lu - anne and a succession of she mother 's husband and boyfriend , then with luanne and luanne ' 's boyfriend Wade : a series of dis - solve in which child grow up , woman age , and man vanish and get replace , and in the b.g. , always the trailer park . luanne v.o. -.- she be six year young than I , so she do not remember we father . I mean even before he split he be work down in Vegas and we be stick up at State - line . sallyanne do not get along with Lee ..- Lee be we mom 's third husband , he be a pit boss at harrah 's ... so that 's how sallyanne come to move in with Wade and I . I would not call that a big success , but do not put that in the interview ... director v.0 . the sister come down to two bite max ... fullscreen -- tally atwater against the seamless backdrop , listen to the director . director v.0o . if you could just talk about yourself , tally , how you get start , a few bio bite we can play with ... tally atwater I guess I always pretty such know ... exact ~ ly what I want to do ... or at least I al - way know ... exactly what I do not want to do ... int . trailer , |-- night -- tally atwater at 15 as she slam down a carton of milk on a cramped Formica table . another angle -- luanne and her boyfriend WADE at the table luanne jee-sus , why not spill it . another angle -- tally sit down as WADE bite into a hamburger , then spit it out . WADE you know I do not eat rare , luanne . luanne then go smoke a joint , something interest - ing like that . WADE get up and walk out , slamm the trailer door . tally atwater I be never go to get marry . luanne dream on , honey . fullscreen -- a computer screen on which the word appear : I am never go to : live in a trailer work at k- hmart / make luanne 's taco dip ' int . _ classroom +- day -- tally atwater at 15 tap out the word on a computer in a word - processing class . another ang ! -- the instructor instructor ok , girl , who can tell the class what a good temp need ? hand shoot up . only tally remain intent on she screen . voice wordperfect ... ms Word ... Lotus 123 ... angle on tally 's screen as the word tenp be add to the list of thing she will not do . fullscreen ~- b&w interview with luanne atwater luanne ..- @id not want to do ? live like the rest of we , be all I ever hear she do not vant to do . just say that sallyanne know ex - actly what she want , and what she want be to be number one , in neon light ... uap chiga school éym '~- night -- tally atwater at 15 wait :onstage ’in a local miss teenage stateline contest . quick cut as contestant express career ambition to the m.c . first contestant I be lourd sanchez , I be a freshman at truckee , and I believe that homezake can show we the way to world peace ... . second contestant .- emy dream be to combine responsible parent and work to help all the people of the world live in harmony ... angle on tally . who step to the nike with crisp resolve , and a fatal lisp . tally atwater I be Sally atwater , I be in ninth grade at tahoe , I believe that personality and groom be more important than beauty ... angle on luanne and WADE in the audience Wade snicker . close on tally -- she sees a way out tally atwater .+ eand I be go to be a tv anchorworan ... ext . high school gym =- night -- miss teenage stateline surround by friend and family with camcorder . she wear & crown and carry rose . she be not tally . another angle -- tally atwater watching crestfallen , stand with luanne as WADE get into he pickup . . WADE that vas a big nothing . WADE start the engine and gun it . tally ( to luanne ) I do not mind . I mean I know ... luanne see tally 's hurt and take she hand as WADE honk . tally atwater '' +42 I work hard and keep at it ... they be still go to have to know who I a . fullscreen -- a computer screen as the word appear : I am go to : work hard keep at it not care what anybody thinks ' int . classroom -- day =~ tally atwater alone in the computer room , pause , then add the word : be famous fullscreen -- biw interview with luanne atwater luanne ++. Wade think she be stick on herself , but I never do . she be one of that kid always want to nove on , you know ? I just think she see she bus and get on it . get on the dog and ride it . int . trailer " =3 night -- tally atwater at 17 study at the cramped Formica table as luanne fold laundry . another angle -- WADE outside the OPEN trailer door watch a football game on a portable tv. grab I a beer saliyanne : '' tally atwater grab it yourself . another angle -- luanne get the Beer and hand it out WADE ( yell in ) what the fuck be she so busy with ? ( no one respond ) she think she 's go to be sone big deal and go to college , do not she ? tally ( quietly ) I do not intend to spend the rest of nay lit@ restock shelf at toy ' r’ we while some slug vatch Monday night Foot - ball . 12 that 's what he mean . a at tally . a sweet moment between the two sister : luanne you vant to go to college , do not let hin atop you .... tally atwater he could not . os ere — tally atwater , qh poise young woman make a promo video . director okay . something cute . here about college . tally atwater College ? let 's see ... I remember one of ny essor say ... if I want a career nm television I better learn to type 90 a : eae : director : terrific . that do college . now we cut to you demo tape . everyone love deno tape , they be such bullshit ... tally atwater qh , God , ay deno , Z mean , do we have to ? yet wutape o~ tally atwater in cap and gown quivert '' valedictory address . tally atwater «ee88 valedictorian , I speak for ... gar ysdectape ~- tally atwater do a standup gis she demo tape , smoothly edit , with commencement nus : ~ paw jong shot of festivity , baw closeup of tally 's val - aft * oover " she commencenent and arrival on the job market . i oo the whole package a jeb pitch . e a < tally onscreen ( through cut ) --- already a practise newswoman at the tender age of 19 ... she cover the crucial California youth Forum election for the award - win National College Network ... fullscreen -- tally atwater the poise young newscaster talk to the camera . tally atwater how do I get to Houston ? I send my deno to 37 station . from bangor , Maine , to bakersfield , California . Houston be the only answer I get ... end credit and CUT to : int ... khou newsroom office y= day -- tally 's demo tape Plays on a vcr . tally atwater onscreen -»- you might ask why ... out of the thou - sand of young woman who send you tape , why hire Sally ... because ... another angle -- warren justice freeze the tape as he bark order into a phone . Warren 's collar be loosen and he be drain a aug of coffee . warren ( into ) --- cut the last graf , it save ten second ( look for a paper on he desk ) trish ... where 's trish ... rf ine . jet sne you can g a signa you get to bounce it off a satellite , what 's be 1 run here , J school ? warren' Pov ~- the newsroom all noise and bustle , wire machine clatter , a scanner tune to the police dispatcher . Warren hang up and shout : warren justice Vic ... that accident at barker Dan ... VIC nash <-- the assignment editor ) move from the assignment board to the office door . warren justice --- there 's get to be kid trap in the wreckage before we do a break - in ... VIC nash no kid . dad , Mom , gramma in one car , the driver , he wife or he girl friend in the pickup , there 's some discrepancy there ... warren justice run that discrepancy by I ... VIC nash Lady call , say the woman in the pickup be she husband 's whore , quote unquote ... ) warren 's intercom bu2 zes -~- melba khou 's receptionist and telephone operator , be on the line . melba Warren ... trish on line two . warren ( into phone ) listen , sweetheart ... I tell you ... ( a beat ) you have not be here in six day ... no , four o'clock do not do it ... then do not bother come in at all ... warren hold the phone away from he ear . a beat : warren justice --- trish , trish , that 's exactly what I mean , you be fire ... a click as trish hang up . to Vic : warren justice I warn she , she could do the job or do the nose candy , she choice . she make it . okay . who you get for barker Dan ? VIC nash nobody . you could unfire trish . she always want to go on - camera . warren ignore this and pour himself the last of the coffee . warren justice melba ... there 's no coffee again ... melba trish make the coffee ... VIC ( leave ) we need body , Warren . you get to hire , not fire . warren rewind the tape , then push play . tally atwater onscreen - eewhy hire Sally ? because I be Sally -..and I be go to be a star ... a polaroid image of tally atwater 's face emerging hold a khou nameboard with the name sally atwater in plastic letter . we hear the voice of the receptionist , melba . melba ( v.0 . ) so you be Warren 's new project . his last one be nane trish sonethe ... a paper cutter trimming the photograph melba ( v.0 . ) cullinan ... thumbprint be taken tally atwater ( v.0 . ) Excuse I ... a finished laminated police pass melba ( v.0 . ) trish 's last nane . int . khou reception room =+ day -- melba punch a hole through the pass , pass a neck chain through it and hand the finish pass to a overly madeup tally . melba you predecessor . she do not last long . ( pick up the telephone ) - 10 - Warren ... Ms. atwater be here ... ( sotto voce ) -.. you know ... the star ... angle on tally terrify , sense she be already a joke . not know what to do with she press pass , she put it around she neck . melba go in , introduce yourself around , Warren 's in the glass in office ... int : '' khou newsroom '~- day -- tally atwater enter tentatively . she be alice admitted to wonderland . Eve - rything be rundown , strange , fast . phone ring . she be the only one wear credential . tally 's Pov -- monitor showing khou anchor rob sullivan immaculately coiff , hold forth on -* a.m. Houston " : tally 's Pov -- VIC nash and he assistant sheila beth on the phone , monitor the radio and the police scanner . sheila «+45 to mobile one , 45 to mobile one ... : VIC nash ' .e- classic vacation tragedy , locator on the crime site , interview family ... another angle ~~ a reporter , harvey harris all hairspray and fake armani , watch as tally put she oversize bag on a desk and smile tentatively at hin . harvey harris that desk be take . tally Pov -- warren justice give a pierce whistle and beckone she to he office . int . warrew justice 's office =- day -- tally stand nervously at the door as warren justice study she . - 11 - warren justice we do not usually wear we credential in the newsroon . tally try to remove the pass . it catch in she hair . she frees it , then she bag , but the content spill out . mortify , she try to sweep everything back into the bag as warren anuse , pick up a pair of pantyhose and hand they to she . warren justice _ what state 's Middle America in ? tally atwater Excuse I ... warren justice the last desk assistant ask not that . you predecessor . harvey harris appear at the door as tally get up . tally atwater I do not come here to be on the desk ... harvey harris about this ander sentencing today ... I think the way we play it be by call attention to a pub ) ie servant violate the voter 's trust .. warren justice no , harvey . we play it straight . ' the superintendent of the consolidate school aistrict be find guilty of bang a 14 - year old chick . Mo more , no less . '' this be barvey , Harris report live from the step of the county courthouse , where to - day in he defense School superintendant Lee ander deny have carnal knowledge of a goat . " get it ? warren turn to tally as harvey leave . warren justice so . you do not come here to be on the desk . at this station , sweetheart , every - one start on the desk . - 12 - tally atwater ( almost involuntarily ) Sally ... warren justice Excuse ... tally atwater I say Sally . not sweetheart ... warren snap he finger as VIC nash appear at the door . warren to justice get it . thally . not thweetheart . Vic ? VIC nash here 's the rundown . Lou 's do crackdown on crack Street ... morty 's do the pba .endorse the mayor for a second tern .. warren justice bury that before the first commercial ... VIC nash harvey 's do ander and there 's the housekeeper murder in River oak ... warren justice we will lead with that ... tally , a pop quiz she be expect to fail : warren justice '' + because ... tally atwater tf it bleed it lead . ( Warren look at er ) {still no response ) White House correspondent , I think .. warren look at she as Vic turn to leave . warren justice Vic , this be you new desk assistant . Sally . do not call she sweetheart . - 13 - tally atwater 's Mr. justice ... warren justice call I Warren . tally atwater «ee have to be on camera . warren justice you ever actually cover a story ? tally atwater of course . you see my tape ... warren justice right . the crucial California youth Forum election . you start on the desk . pull e ing off the wire , state and local . give it to vie or Sheila . keep the tape library up to date . and ... see that Mr. coffee over there ? ( hold out a mug ) I like it strong . tally atwater I do not come here to make coffee . warren justice then you have just have the shortest career in the history of khou , channel ten , the nevs heartbeat of the Lone Star State . a silent clash of will , then tally take the mug warren ( victorious , amused ) sugar , no crean . ‘iwe.s177_ wenbroom —- day -- tally atwater rip copy off the ap wire and drop it on Vic 's desk . several fast cut : tally 's hand rip copy , drop it on a desk . int . warren sjustice 's office -~ day -- warren justice watch tally fly around the nevsrooca . int . newsroom -- early evening -- harvey harris ow a monitor do he story . all over the newsroom reporter and producer - 14 - watch , as do Warren justice , have a drink with vic nash . harvey harris onscreen ..- after he sentence to one thousand hour of community service , former School superintendant Lee ander blame a alco - hol problem for lead he into a sexual impropriety with a léat - year old sophomore at John connally High scheol . this be ... angle on tally alone at a wire ticker , watch harvey , she envy palpable . newsroom -- evening -- warren justice exit he office and walk through the almost empty office . warren' Pov -- tally at her desk surround by wire copy . Warren search for she name : warren justice so ... Sally ... you have somewhere to live ? tally ( warily ) ido . yes . warren justice okay place ? you live there alone ? tally atwater I live there alone . warren justice good. good . so . you want a ride home ? tally ( weigh this ) otherwise I have just have the shortest career in the history of khou , Channel 10 , the news heartbeat of the Lone Star . State ? warren ( a beat ) this be strictly ... ( laugh ) +- optional . but something you can do ... warren fish out a laundry receipt and hand it to tally . warren justice - 15 - ... be pick this up on you way in tomor - row . shun Lee . it 's around the corner . ( run a finger down she cheek ) you always wear this much makeup ? int ... tally 's apartment '-- night -- tally atwater furious , she face cover with cold cream , sit at a dress table look at the laundry slip . the apartment be a ness , unpack box , milk crate of book , clothes not yet hang up . angle on the tv set where rob sullivan be do the late news , and harvey harris a reprise of he County courthouse story . tally take a tissue and vigorously wipe the cream from she face . into the mirror , mimick Warren : tally atwater : you could ... pick this up on you way in tomorrow ... shun Lee ...around the corner ... rob sullivan onscreen turn to the weather front ... look like scorcher stack up ... ( tally glance at the set ) «.eall over Texas tomorrow . 94 the pre - dict high in Galveston , 95 at the manned spacecraft Center ... tally ( to the mirror ) keelook like scorcher stack up all over Texas tomorrow ... ( other reading , other accent ) ke-look like scorcher stack up all over Texas tomorrow ... look like ... int . " khou wewsroom -- day -- tally atwater enter carry Warren 's shirt on hanger . there be titter as she stalk through the newsroom into Warren 's office . int . '' warren' office 's -- day -- warren justice on the telephone as tally enter , hold the shirt . warren ( ignore she ) -~ - 16 < - ea human interest angle ? you be cover - ing the execution of one angelo russo . Angie russo kill a Texas Ranger . that tend to limit human interest in this state . warren hang up . to tally , still hold the shirt : warren justice I want they fold and box . tally ( more nerve than sense ) you get they this way . ( lay the on he desk ) you have get the anchor do the weather . which reduce he credibility as anchor . warren justice let I guess . you ... tally atwater I want to do the weather . Ie warren justice my instinct be still operational . I tell you . you be on the desk . tally atwater I can do the desk and the weather . and get you shirt . fold and box . harvey harris appear at the office door . harvey harris stop the rating slide with peroxide . warren study tally , then look at harvey . make a point : warren justice harvey , meet we new ... weather ... person . int . dressing room -- night -- warren justice enter as rob sullivan , kleenex tuck around he neck , be be - ing photograph and interview before the newscast . ) rob sullivan ~ '' ++ I feel good about life . I go through life with a smile and try to spread a little goodness . some people in this - 17 = business get jade , because it 's always the same awful storey . and it be the same storey . but they be happen to different people ... ( point Warren toward the bathroom ) -+.- our new weather gal have a bad case of stage fright ... warren justice go spread some goodness on the set , Rob . rob rise . expansively to the interviewer , not miss a beat : rob sullivan I think of the set as my office ... int , '' bathroom -- night -- warren justice stride toward the sound of vomit and throw open a stall . angle on tally atwater ashen and hyperventilate . the word tumble out : tally atwater I can not do it ... I can not ... warren ( try to cala she ) hey ...now ... tally atwater «+eI have never do anything like this ... warren o--sure ... it 's okay ... tally atwater «ee lie on my resume ... I be not valedic - torian ... I do not even graduate ... ( a wail ) eee I fake the tape ... warren take she face and hold it between he two hand . warren justice I already know that . I check it out . tally atwater -»- but if you check it out ... - 18 = warren justice ' look at not . tally atwater 's I can not ... warren justice say you name . tally ( lisping again ) thally ... warren justice try allie . no. mallie . no , no . tally . this be tally atwater . say it . this be tally atwater ... ( demand , nose to nose ) say it ... tally atwater this be ... tally atwater ... warren justice again ... tally atwater this be ... tally atwater ... warren justice look straight into the camera , pretend it 's some guy you be go to fuck die if you do not get it on with hia . tally just leok at he , both shocked and spellbound . warren justice you know how that feel , do not you ? tally say nothing , now calm . warren lead she into the makeup 3 zoom , ona monitor : Rob do the newscast . to a makeup man : warren justice do not lose the hardscrabble . ' int .:- news set -- night ~~ tally atwater stand at the weather sap . the makeup woman brushes she face . floor manager ten second to weather . nine ...eight ... - 19 = '' tally' Pov -- the set '' as the floor manager count down . pure terror as she see the camera , people off camera stare , she face on the monitor , the floor manager raise he finger , then point at rob. rob sullivan -»- and now with the weather , here 's sal ... ( consult teleprompter ) -.. tally .. atwater . angle on tally atwater as the red light go on . a moment of peace as surreal as the earlier terror , the camera the lover Warren have promise . tally atwater thanks , Rob , and it look like more of the same . heat , heat , and more heat ... not . '' control room ~~ night -- tally atwater on all screen finish she debut as warren justice and VIC nash watch . tally atwater onscreen +-- and so the five - day forecast be for more , more , more hot , hot , hot , thtay ... tally be stricken , then recover and turn it into a private joke with the viewer . tally atwater onscreen +. stay inside , cuddle up ... vic nash she eat the lens . nts rews -set .-- night -- tally atwater tally atwater «eeand enjoy the air conditioning . Rob ... '' znt . '' wewsroom -- night -- tally atwater enter from the set , still high on she camera moment . no one pay any attention to she . tally Pov -- melba distribute mail to the various slot . melba ( to harvey ) - 20 - harvey . fourteen fan this week . another angle -- harvey harris and sheila with ned breslin , a young cameraman . harvey grab the letter and ostentatiously ignore tally as he talk to Sheila . harvey harris s+- the lesson be , you want to anchor , you have to move downmarket ... you be in a 12 market like this , you move to a 20 ... angle on ned breslin quite smitten with tally , nudge Sheila , embarrassed . sheila Sally ... mean tally . ned breslin ... ned ( to tally ) I think you be really good tonight ... harvey harris the one before she . trish . Warren change she name , too ... int . khou news set -- night -- tally atwater alone on the dark set , stand by the blue screen weather map , try gesture , work on she lisp , need to be perfect . ind , ahr rimater in os stay cuddle oo 8ta : - side ... stay inside ... '' '' tally Pov -- warrem justice om the edge of the set tally ( a beat ) I kind of lose it before I vent on . warren justice I notice . tally ( a deep breath ) if you know I fake by demo tape ... warren justice oewhy do I hire you ? ( tally nod ) z figure if you be hungry enough to do - 21 - it , you might be hungry enough to do it . ( a beat ) look . when I be start out , I want to string for the Miami Herald . so I show they sone storey I claim I would write for a paper in Colorado . I do not write the storey , but this paper do not use byline , that 's why I pick it . tally atwater they do not check ? warren justice sure . but by that time I be they guy on the nicaraguan border . I be pretty good . ( a beat ) you could be good . tally ( a beat ) thank you . warren ( drily ) I be wonder if I could get you to say that . nus '' wews set -- night -- tally wear a too-fitted jacket , spray she hair , as the floor manager count she down to go back on air after a commercial . floor manager «three , two , one ... tally give she hair one last ‘ay , then toss the can to a stagehand just before the red light go on . t , the high today vas a sti to repe ' y be a st . 96 watch that cumulonimbus move in ott the Gulf , bring a wet Wednesday ... Rob ... another angle -- warren justice as tally come off the set warren justice you have that jacket in high school ? tally tug covertly at the jacket as Warren move on . neem '' int . khou receptiow area '' -- day -~ tally tally enter , eat a donut and open a container of coffee . tally atwater Morning , melba . angle on melba sorting mail . melba shove the large stack of mail at tally . melba thirty - one so far this week , tally . up from nineteen last week . ( read a card ) " I use to get a beer when the weather be - port start , but now I would not iss tal - ly atwater . she 's better than beer . '' ( examine a postmark ) and every single one mail from the ' Church Street Post Office . that 's out where you live , be not it ? tally pick up the mail , refuse to acknowledge the innuendo . tally ( move on ) maybe people be just hang around out there . hope to catch a glimpse of they favorite weather reporter ... melba up close and personal . int . newsroom -- day ~~ tally atwater humiliate , aware she be a newsroom joke , glance around co - vertly , then drop the mail in a wastebasket en route she desk . tally ( meet no eye ) Morning , Sheila ... harvey ... another angle -~ warren justice at the assignment board watch tally as VIC nash update the board . VIC nash «.- Gay like today , al1 you can hope be somebody blow up the astrodome ... - warren justice hold that think , Vic ... - 23 - another angle -- tally at her desk pretend rapt concentration on the morning paper . warren ( sit on she desk ) try spread the postmark out . Monday , the galleria . Tuesday , pennzoil Plaza . tally ( miserable ) do everybody know ? warren justice I would say ... everybody who 's not on a extend leave of absence . but ... ( a beat ) on the sunny side ... you have get three sponsor fight for the weather spot . which mean ... int . hairdresser 's salon ~- day -~- a cloud of CUT hair fall on tally 's shoulder . tally 's Pov -- warren 's reflection in the mirror as she shake out she sleek new haircut . warren justice now you forget about it . int . -- neiman marcus ~~ tally at a rack of jacket atudy a overshape pink jacket she have take off the rack . warren not unless you want to go on as a powder puff ... the camera like strong color ... think basic ... ( reach for a red jacket ) fry this one ... another angle -- another customer reach for the sane ' jacket from the other side of the rack . customer ( look through the rack ) sorry ... ( a double - take ) wait ... you be the weather girl ... tally be startle , then , as the woman retreat , sotto voce : - 24 - tally ( delighted ) she recognize not . angle on warren justice charme by she delight and responsiveness . warren justice ask she to write you a fan letter . int . khou van -- day ~~ tally atwater expound on she career as ned drive a levee road . tally atwater | ... I figure a year here , then I jump to a '' & o... a year there , then I go to the network ... White House correspondent would be good ... ned ~ stop talk like harvey and run it past I again what we be do out here . . tally atwater I tell you . I call this hydraulics guy at the Army Engineers ... ned the hydraulics guy be where you lose I . tally ( patient ) --- and he say if it rain this week , you ) can not rule out a levee break . so. rain 's a weather story . that make this levee break a weather story . weather 's ny beat , so I cover it . ned . " this levee break " have not happen . it 's net even raining . , tally impatiently adjust the van 's radio earphone . tally atwater so we shoot some background , then if it ~ do rain , we have get half the package ... ( listen , abruptly ) wait . good . harvey 's van be down . ( listen ) - 25 - he 's suppose to be on he way the the Houston ship Channel ...- ( take off earphone ) how far be we from there ... ned I think we be do this bullshit backgrounder on the levee . tally atwater now we have a real story . how far ? ned forty nile . tally pick up the radio mike . speak into it : tally atwater vic ? tally . ned and I be less than four minute from this ship Channel story ... ( as ned look on in disbelief ) .- sorry ... we be there ... copy ? tally circle she finger 180 degree and pretend not to hear . tally atwater «+.- can not read you , you be break up ... sorry , can not read ... ext . levee road -- day -~ the khou van make a u-turn and gain speed as tally atwater reach out the window and slap a flash red light on the roof . ext . houston ship channel -- day -- two body lie under a tarpaulin on the bank of the channel . angle ow tally and ked exite the khou van , ned lug he equipment . angle on warren justice detach himself from the crowd of reporter . warren justice what the hell be you do here ? tally atwater ~ 26 - harvey 's truck be down . warren justice and I be cover until he get here . tally atwater but if he do not get here ... you 's 1 ] need a on-camera reporter . warren justice you do not even know what the story be . tally ( glance around ) uh... somebody drown ? warren justice you do not give up , do you . beat ) ( a t , Big thing to remember be , stay upwind . tally atwater «..uh ... which way be upwind ... warren justice away from the stink . floater stink be - cause gas form in the stomach ... ned that 's what bring they to the surface , sometine they pop ... angle on the channel bank where police , reporter and deputy coroner wait . some have handkerchief over they face against the smell , other snoke cigar . ned start shoot the police spokesman another angle -- warren justice take a microphone fron ned and hand it to tally . warren justice okay . it 's you show . spokesman 's -to the best of we knowledge ... the victius ... there 's two of they now ... warren ( sotto voce ) jam the goddamn mike in he goddamn face . - 27 - tally try to elbow she way closer . she be push aside . tally atwater wait just a minute ... reporter up yours , sister ... warren bring he foot down hard into the mud , splattering the reporter , who lose he place to tally . reporter what the fuck ... spokesman +-- appear to be illegal , but we will have to wait until we make a positive id ... : tally atwater ««eand how do you do that , officer ? spokesman sheriff , missy . you sure you belong here ? tally atwater I say , how do you make a positive id ? spokesman normally out of dental record , but I do not think dentistry be a big thing with this kind of victim . we can call this one Juan doe ... tally atwater his name be Juan doe ? laughter break out among the reporter and official . angle ow tally mortify that in she anxiety she have rush into this trap . --- 0r be thee you 's vey of teo jeat that this particular John doe , or unidentified person , be or be Spanish speak ? angle on warren justice pleased to see tally go for the jugular . ext . ship channel -- day -- warren justice in the open door of the khou van , talk on the car phone . angle on ned lug he equipment to a spot on the bank . ned we can shoot from up here . tally atwater but they be down there . the ...the ... warren justice the stiff . raul sota and domingo xatz . from sinaloa . deckhand on the s.s. xal - apa out of veracruz . they jump ship . tally atwater how do you know that ? warren justice I call the harbormaster . which be what you do if I ever give you another chance . tally determinedly scramble down the bank with she makeup bag . tally ( as she go ) raul sota and domingo katz , raul sota and domingo katz , raul ... ned ( follow ) shit , 1/11 be up to my ass in mud ... tally ( practice ) '' the storm that slam ine ? the gulf yes - terday ...* warren justice +- eforget yesterday . yesterday be histo - ry . nevs happen today ... tally ( to herself ) «-- forget yesterday .... warren light a cigar . ned put a handkerchief over he nose . - 29 - warren justice --- shoulder face the camera . that way ned can pick up the body bag in the back - ground , plus the ship in the channel ... tally atwater raul sota , domingo katz . oh , God , I think I be go to faint . where 's upwind ? warren justice not where you be at . why be they here . why do they juzp ship . ned come on , we will lose the light . tally nove to spray she hair . warren grab the can from she . warren this be not about you hair . this be about they . two guy jump ship to come to the land of plenty , the big enchilada , and they drow 25 foot from get there . people like raul sota and domingo katz do not even get teach how to swim . that 's what this story 's about . throw the can away ) not hair spray . tally lick she lip , desperate to renenber everything . tally atwater cut one , three - two-one . oh , shit , I for - get what I be go to say ... warren ( to ned ) keep it wide , then a slow soon in . ( to tally ) raul sota . domingo kat . what do they want . what do they die for ... tally atwater cut two , three - two-one . in the Houston Boat Channel today ... warren justice cut . the Houston ship Channel ... tally atwater in the Houston ship Channel today , diver - 30 - be still ... warren ( yell ) present tense . '' be '' still ... tally atwater in the Houston ship Channel today , diver be still brave debris-laden water ... warren justice hold the diver . you lead with raul sota . domingo katz. 25 foot from the big enchi - lada . you have any idea what it 's like to want something that bad ? ( tally , near tear , freeze ) answer I . you ? tally ( cold fury ) yes . warren look at she , satisfied that he have break through . warren justice then show not . int . ' tally atwater 's apartment -- night -- tally atwater barefoot , in a oversize T-shirt , a towel around she wet hair , eat chinese takeout as she talk on the telephone and view she freeze image on a vcr . into the telephone : tally atwater -.. I swear , luanne , I be the reporter on the scene . listen ... tally unfreeze the vcr and hold the receiver to it . tally atwater onscreen --- this be tally atwater , at the housten ship Channel ... tally freeze frane and resume the call , examine she image as if to improve it , touch hair and makeup with a chopstick . tally atwater Wade do what ? er - ( listen ) you do not have to put up with that , lu - anne . you can just ... walk out . ( she have hear this before ) right . I do not understand . I definitely do not understand what it 's like to live with somebody . you be absolutely right ... qa . ring . tally ( lose it ) aee@n@ you know what , luanne ? I do not want to understand ... I do not intend ever to understand ... ( a beat , a second ring ) look. luanne . . I be sorry . I have to go ... the doorbell ... ( hang up , a third ring ) ust @ ninute . - . Pov as she open the door -- warren justice sare wee tks in , take a look around , take the remote from my band and switch off the vcr . warren justice mow many time you see that now ? tally atwater dust happen to be in the neighborhood ? wpe be roam the room , check cut she book , pick a segetine and glance atthe cover line . + pick up warren justice '' tv 's million dollar baby -- how she get there " . ( drop the magazine ) you read the New York Times today ? ( tally nod - yes ) Post ? ( tally nod no ) Wall Street Journal , LA Times , Miami Herald ? : eay nothing , defensive . Warren pick a takeout aun and begin eat a rib . '' warren justice you know how big we news hole be ? , eleven " T have to be . -32 < - and a half minute . we have get fourteen reporter . each one fight for a piece of that eleven and a half minute . you intend to go up against that , you better get smart fast . ( about the rib ) t/11 show you a better place for chinese . tally atwater be you say I be a reporter now ? warren justice ( sit down , assess she ) what be it you want ? ( when tally do not answer ) come on . five , ten year down the line . you want to be at the network , do not you . tally atwater warren justice why . tally atwater you must have want to be at ibs . warren justice let 's just say I do not have to be there now . you de . : ( shrewdly ) you run from a bad scene ? try to prove something ? ( tally be silent ) I see . mot that way at all . comfortable childhood , intact nuclear family ? tally ( uncomfortable ) something like that . warren justice Nice . cozy . and unusual . not too many comfortable little girl have to go to the network ( a beat ) T can help you get there . you will not not - cessarily thank not for it . tally ( resistant ) I '' not go to be trish . - 33 - warren justice ' do not anybody in you life ever help you get something you want ? tally look away . this be too close to home . warren justice you think I come by here to fuck you , do not you . . ( get up to go ) I like you . take it or leave it . ( at the door ) next time , it 's you nove . full screen -- photo flood <-- tally atwater again the poise young woman against the seamless backdrop . tally atwater --- dt be in Houston where I really learn this business , learn ny abc , pay my due , earn my wound stripe ... voice continue over next three standup ext . ellington AIR force base -- day ~- tally on the wing of a jet fighter , in a tight miniskirt , lose she balance in the jet blast of a flyover and fall off the wing . angle on ned shoot tally as she fall still hold she mike , hair fly , underwear visible . ext . STREET demo -- day -- tally get in close as police flail at demonstrator , who break and run , knock tally and ned down . ext . bungee jumping contest -- day -~ ned whip he camera around to capture the fall of a bungee jumper and as he do the camera whacks tally , knock she sere tally atwater v.0 . +-++ learn that when you get knock down , you get up again ... int . HOTEL ballroom -- night -- a local band - 4 play oldy under balloon read : " mike morley for congress " angle on rob sullivan on a tv monitor rob sullivan onscreen «» - what look like Mike morley 's big win tonight should end speculation about he role in the first Federal s&l bailout ... another angle -~ tally atwater & ned watch the monitor as they stake out a position for they feed . tally ( determine ) not if I get he on camera ... tally take two prawn from the buffet table , nibble at one and feed the other to ned , who leave the tail in she finger . tally atwater -- dinner ... tally drop the shrimp tail in a glass and take she place for the shot as ned see another reporter move in with he crew . ned tal , Channel 9 , twelve o'clock high . tally ( to the reporter ) reporter ( to he crew ) get the banner behind not ... tally atwater tf you could please wait ... reporter ( to he crew ) be have set ? Three ...two...one ... ned look at tally and shrug , a it 's up - to - you shrug . tally take a breath and yank the cord on the other crew 's light . tally atwater get the fuck out of ny shot . int . HOTEL lobby -- night -~ a dixieland band play as it march through the lobby . - 38 - angle on warren justice momentarily obscure by '' mike morley for congress " balloon , he reemerges , greeting pol and reporter as he go . warren justice be there a acceptance yet ... reporter it 's out , but it 's embargoed until ten ... int . HOTEL mezzanine -- night -~ tally & ned exit the ballroom look for they next shot . tally 's Pov -~ congressman mike morley on a back stairway flanke by aide , try to reach the lobby without be waylaid by reporter . tally atwater it 's morley . let 's get hin ... another angle -~ mike morley and aide on the back stairway race downstairs as tally and ned pursue . Close , jumpy fila . tally atwater Congressman morley , do think you vin tonight can defuse the stigation into you role in the first Federal bailout ... aide ( overlap ) «that be no longer a issue ... int . HOTEL kitchen - night -- tally and ned in pursuit as morley and he aide race through the kitchen . cook and waiter scatter tally atwater you brother in law be chairman of first fed ... be not he ? aide ( overlap ) «-- miss , do you have vagina ) or clitoral orgasn ... tally atwater -.and on federal bailout fund have buy - 36 - a house in Palm Beach ... a hand go over ned 's lens as they race toward the lobby . aide v.0. ueed not it true you prefer fellatio ... al- though you be a practice lesbian ... int . lobby ~- warren justice watchil as morley break through the door into the lobby . Warren be with a woman who be all network style , a ibs cre - dential hang over she expensive suit . warren 's Pov -- tally exite the kitchen , bedraggle and outsmart as Mike morley and he aide move into the roar of the crowd . tally ( to Warren ) that asshole morley ... tally stop as she recognize the woman . she feel abruptly inadequate , a trailer park girl . her hand go to she face . tally ( involuntarily ) joanna kennelly ... warren justice joanna , this be tally atwater . joanna 's my ex-wife . '' what do you expect to get from morley ? warren ( see trouble ) come on , tal . 1/11 show you the beauty of - 37 - television news ... ( to ned , exite the kitchen ) -+. make sure we get plenty of ambient noise on the kitchen ... tally stand she ground as warren try to guide she away . tally ( to joanna ) I expect to get he on camera . and I do . okay ? int . khou editing room -- night -- warren justice sit at the monitor editing tally 's film . his dialogue over - lap what he be do to the film . warren justice Oliver North try that crap on I once -- ejust keep talk , get enough on the track ... you can rerecord you question ... tally stand behind he . a sexual current here . warren move the film back and forth , a series of dissolves as he cut out the dialogue of the morley aide , make the film seanless . tally atwater so you and ... joanna ... warren ( not look up ) joanna think I be a Capitol insider . which at the time I be . that 's why she marry I . for a while there we be a cute couple on the Sunday show . tally atwater what happen . warren justice joanna decide I vas bad news . as do she sor . most woman do . beat ) ( a be around in the morning be not my long suit . en ( rework tbe tape ' --- then you lay the re-record question over the ambient noise in the kitchen ... ( look at she ) maybe it 's not you long suit either . tally ( meeting he gaze ) - 'w -38 - maybe not . warren justice I have a idea we be not so different ... ( tally do not reply ) ~.- keep it loose , keep it open ... ( rework the tape ) and if we get lucky ... the hand go over ned nos lens warren justice o« -gold . int . khou newsroom -- night -- monitor show congressman mike morley in the hotel kitchen . tally atwater v.0o . onscreen «+- about to join jubilant supporter at a downtown hotel tonight , Congressman morley refuse to answer reporter 's question ... angle on warren open a can of beer and hand it to tally . the newsroom be empty except for the two of they , watch the monitor . ned 's camera close on morley with tally 's rerecord question over . Warren have edit out the aide and retape tally 's question over ambient noise . tally atwater v.0 . onscreen morley , do think you win can defuse the investigation into you role in the first Federal bailout ... amgle on tally -- watching the monitor tally atwater remember the night you come by my house ? you say next time , it be ny nove ? angle on warren who have open a second beer and be set it dow to turn to tally as she reach for he , spilling the beer on warren justice - 39 - never mind ... tally grab up copy paper and rub at the beer . Real electric - ity as she touch he chest . she keep rub , more slowly . angle on the monitor -- the hand go over the lens tally atwater v.o. onscreen --- as aide try to shield he from dis - turbing allegation about ... angle on warren and tally warren ( urgent ) let 's get out of here . tally atwater I have to call my sister ... warren justice call she tomorrow . tally atwater it 's she birthday ... another angle -~ warren in he office turn out the light . warren be Pov <-- tally om the telephone at her desk talk too intensely , stand , then sit down again . angle on tally on the telephone beat , the joy and excitement go from she face . oe ebut wny diane yon oni ) can get a plane tonight ... do not do anything , lu - anne , I will be there ... tally replace the receiver and look up to see warren . a freight moment : each see the evening 's promise vanish . tally atwater my sister ... need I to come home for a day . two day . ( a beat ) I do not know how many day . - 40 - warren justice you want I to come with you ? tally atwater no . warren justice Ill drive you to the airport . tally atwater I have never get on the plane . ext . trailer park -- day -~ establishing the trailer park we see in the credit . rain pour down . int . trailer -- day -- tally atwater sit across from luanne , who be pregnant , and have a black eye . rain beat against the trailer . luanne after the baby come I qualify for afdc . as long as they do not catch Wade around . tally atwater why would you let he cone around . luanne easy for you to say . tally atwater you could come to Houston ... take time to think about what you want to do ... luanne ( laugh ) I would say my option be limited . tally ( a beat ) how such do you need . luanne you be out of here . you should not have to help not . tally atwater I would still be here if you have not help I . luanne I be a month or two behind ... to -4@41 - tally atwater how many month ? luanne maybe six ? Seven ? int . trailer park office -- day -- tally atwater write a check as she negotiate with the manager . tally atwater I 'a give you what I can today ... manager I need it in full this week , I tell she , or I / 11 have to get the marshal in . tally atwater you 'il have the rest by Friday ... tally hear a bell tinkle as the screen door to the office be push open . the manager look up . she turn . . tally Pov -- warren justice enter the office , rainsoake , remove bill from a wallet . warren justice how such . . tally ( stunne ) how ... do you get here ... warren justice on Delta . via reno . how auch . manager still five-ritty short . warren ( lay down bill ) . I be give you six . the extra fifty go on account . ( to tally ) let 's go . tally rise . as she and Warren turn to the door : manager must be do real well in Texas , Sally ~ anne . get to interview any personality ? - 42 - tally look at he , not give a inch . tally atwater yes , ext . trailer park -- day -~ tally atwater and warren justice exit the office . she hurry through the mud to catch up . tally ( fiercely ) I be not take money from you . warren justice you be come up for a raise , we will call it retroactive . . tally fight tear , she defense threaten , try to keep up with Warren as he stride through the rain toward a rental car . tally atwater I do not intend to owe anybody anything ... warren justice join the real world , we all owe somebody . tally atwater I do not need ... warren justice you need , ali right . ( stop at the car ) 7 look at I . you do not come out of here . and not need . you be scared if you stop fight long enough to let anybody close you will fall on you ass and end up right back here . 80 you need to be better than anybody else . you need to show they . you need to get up there where everybody can see you and nobody can reach you . tally look away , beginning to break . warren justice you need like nobody I ever see . why the fuck you think I come here ? tally atwater I do not know why you come here . warren justice - 43 - to knock down a few of that wall you put up around yourself . ext . motel -- day -- warren 's rental car park in front of the motel . int . motel room -- day <-- warren enter and turn to tally , hesitate in the door . warren justice Close the door . ( as she do so ) come here . tally move to Warren , who draw she down on the bed . a long exploratory embrace . Warren begin to unbutton she blouse . tally put she hand over he , a pause , she breath break . tally atwater my mother be young than you be . warren unbutten another button . tally begin to help hin . tally atwater she be fifteen when luanne be bear ... ( start to undo he shirt ) - eehalf the girl I know drop out of high school to move in with some guy ... ( touch he skin ) ++- I / m not go to ... live that way ... warren slide she blouse off one shoulder . warren justice I be not propose a way of life . tally atwater keep it loose , keep it open ? tally let the blouse drop as Warren pull she into he ara . warren justice deal . int . motel -- might -~ warren & tally make love . rain peit against the window . the blink light of the motel sign reflect off they body . on - 44 - int . motel -- night -- warren & tally , passion temporarily sate . the rain have stop , the motel sign still blink . a moment of reflection . warren justice } so I do some juvenile time ... get out ... hit a off-duty cop . judge say anchor aweigh or the county farm . so. join ) the navy , get discharge , meet some people , end up in Miami work as a investi - gator in the state attorney 's office ... tally atwater what kind of place do you come fron ... warren justice , not too different from you . beatup rv off : the tamiami highway . that 's why I get it . you want to get to the network , look back , here and say fuck you all , up yours . ~ tally brushes she lip over he chest . warren justice you will not . ( pull she to he ) } once you be where you think you want to be ... tally atwater if ibs be where you want to be ... warren justice work for a network be not like discov - ering penicillin ... tally atwater neither be work for khou Houston . warren justice yeah . but there 's less asskiss . less posture . less spin . less willingness to buy it ... warren trace a finger over tally 's body . as she respond : ~~ warren justice o-eand I be not talk about politician . I be talk about what joanna would call - 45 - my colleague ...oh ... shit ... int . editing room -~ day -~ a tape on a editing screen fast forward past the ibs even News logo & set , with ibs anchor tom orr at the anchor desk , stop finally on warren justice outside the White House , young , more confident , on the come . warren justice onscreen this be Warren justice ... report from what be tonight a very beleaguere White House ... where insider be wonder ... angle on tally atwater at a editing machine with a pile of tape . throughout this sequence , tally zoom in and out on warren' face , making it larger and smaller , as if try to find the key to a secret . tally rewind , replace one tape with ancther , then fast - forward and stop . again : warren , with the kremlin in the b.g. warren justice onscreen «»ewhat begin as a ceremonial summit be - tween two world leader look more today like a down - home bar brawl , as ... as tally again come in tight on hin . newspaper microfilm see on a viewing machine the page blur as tally search . the microfilm stop on a small story and photo of warren justice . the headline read : ibs scramble to replace warren justice no reason give for nevs Star 's walkout close on warren' face as tally change focus — come in so close that we see only Ben - Day dot . int . warren justice 's bedroom -~ night -- a tangle of sheet - 46 - on the bed , a crackle of voice from Warren 's police scanner . another angle -- warren and tally on the floor , post~coital , tally lean on a elbow . we have come in late on a line of question he want to discourage . tally atwater «+- 80 there must have be a reason ... warren ( mock ) let 's try , subject Warren justice have a defective capacity for go with the flow . professionally . as well as in he ... interpersonal ... relationship . tally atwater «eeuh uh , try again ... warren justice ++- all I want to try again be ... warren pull tally back down to hin . warren justice --- another shot at a interpersonal rela - tionship . the kind you be not so bad at you ownself . this kind ... and this ... voice on scanner «eeall unit , asible 261 ... 1147 mari - posa , alleged victim female caucasian ... ( breathe fast ) why do you . always have the scanner on ? warren ( nuzzling ) because I find the sound of human iniquity voice om the scanner sible 502 , Jones and halsey , vehicle regis stere to starlite limo ... angle on tally both get it on with Warren and try to hear the scanner . Warren 's ce be part desire , part put tally to the test . warren justice a_i een -4a7 - do you know ... what a...502...is? tally atwater eee do not care ... warren justice 502...18... dwi ... and dwi ...is... driv— tag. '' while ... intoxicate ... tally atwater oh ... God ... starlite limo ... warren justice '' --- that 's the one ... the rocker ...use ... tally atwater um-sound like a...drug ...bust ... warren justice - who 's in town tonight ... tally atwater --- Grand larceny ... at the astrodome ... warren justice :+-controlled substance ... this be tal - 's ly ... atwater ... report live ... tally ( bolt upright ) Warren , goddamn you . I be not go . warren grab tally 's shirt off the floor . : warren justice first on the scene ? ( hand she the shirt ) one-on - one with the lead guitar ? tally hesitates , then take the shirt . Warren , victorious : warren justice asbitious Little fucker , I know you would go . ext . playing field bleacher -- day -- tally and warren alone in the enpty bleacher of a park play : field , eat : a takeout lunch , the sun in tally 's hair . ing ing tally atwater you want to know a secret ? when I be in - 48 - high school ... warren justice ».. about two week ago ... tally ( laugh ) +-- five year ago except I have to start cheating a year ... to build in time ... warren justice «-- 80 you can get to the network by the time you be twenty - five , I copy , now tell I the secret ... tally atwater --. i_ use to enter all this contest , you know ? miss stateline ? miss truckee ? miss tahoe ? miss Sierra logger ? warren justice o+ - I / d keep that one a secret too .. tally atwater e--no ... the secret be ... in not one of that contest .... do I ever finish in the top five . warren justice what do you do for talent ? do you by any chance sing '' feeling ? '' tally atwater no . for you information . I do not by any chance sing '' feeling . * ext . playing pield -- day <-- tally alone on the play field , belt out '' the impossible dream " . another angle -- close on warren watching from the bleacher and we realize that he be in love with she . fullscreen -~- night -- whou antenna and lighted call letter blink in the night sky . the camera pull back to reveal : ext . roof khou build -- night -- tally and warren lie on the roof share a beer as they watch the sky . - 49 - warren justice I never figure a partial eclipse would get to be my idea of a good tine . tally atwater { I still do not see anything . ( roll over ) .. syou ever think it might be time for I to get a agent ? warren ( a beat ) I be talk to the guy upstairs ... you want to try the promo spot this month ? tally atwater I think Rob do the promo . warren justice the consensus be ... you be hotter than rob. open another beer , casual ) I would hold off on the agent thing ... tally register he resistance and study the sky again . tally atwater I mean what 's a partial eclipse suppose to look like anyway ... int . ' tally 's apartment -- night -- joanna kennelly on vcr joanna onscreen .»- joanna kennelly for ibs one on one ... ( a wry snile ) -.- 8ee@ you next veek . another angle <- tally watching and try joanna 's wry snile as she nouth she own signoff . int . khou makeup room =- day -- tally atwater work on she promo as & makeup man pack up he brushes . tally atwater this be tally atwater for khou ... ( try the wry saile ) ..- Channel 10 , the news heartbeat ... another angle -- warren justice - 50 - warren justice wait . what 's with the smile ? makeup man ( exite ) whenever you nre ready ... tally ( repeat ) this be tally atwater for khou ... ( the wry smile again ) '' the news heartbeat of the Lone Star State . you give we thirty minute ... we will give you Houston ... and the world ... warren justice you be watch joanna ? tally ( defensive ) joanna have not cornere snile , have she ? warren justice she 's cornere that one . it 's not you . you want to smile , let 's see a real snile . after you say Houston . tally ( a snile ) «--houston ... and the world ... warren justice after Houston . not before . after . tally atwater -+- we will give you Houston ... ( try again ) «» sand the world ... warren justice no . a real smile . a sad smile . a rueful smile . a brave smile . a trademark snile . tally atwater «+ - Houston ... ( a unsuccessful saile ) - e.and the world ... ( try again ) ( another unsuccessful smile ) 's - and the world ... Houston ... warren abruptly slap she face . - 51 - warren justice now smile . tally be startle . then she smile -- a sad snile , a rueful smile , a brave smile , the smile that will become she trademark . tally atwater -.eand the world ... int . anchor desk -- day -- tally atwater as the crew program light and the makeup man dust she nose . another angle -- warren justice in the control room stand behind the director . warren justice give she a key light . she do not nake contact until the light hit she eye . director Rob do not use a key light . warren justice Rob 's not do this promo . director ( edgy ) the newsroom want a key light for Ms. atwater . warren' Pov -~ tally as the light hit she eye and she cone alive . int . flaherty 's bar -- night -- tally in the khou promo onscreen on the bar tv . Christmas tree light the bar , over which hang photo of tally , Rob , harvey , and other khou staff . tally atwater onscreen «+- we will give you Houston ... ( the snile ) e-eand the world ... another angle -- tally and warren dance to the music from a jukebox . int . hospital maternity waiting room -- night -- a tv screen - '' 2 - show the Times Square New Year 's countdown . another angle -- ned watch the screen as he bang a soft-drink vend machine . one minute , the bail drop in New York ... another angle -- tally atwater sprawle on the floor intent on broadcast week . tally 's Pov -- a broadcast week photo of bucky terranova identify as '' agent of the anchor , " with small cut show what anchor he have place in what market . so how come you get to sit in with Rob tomorrow night ? Warren fix it ? tally atwater I can not get anything on by own ? be that what you think ( relent ) nobody else want to work New Year 's day. ( still read ) you ever meet bucky terranova ? ned ( give she a Coke ) Agents be for the babe , tal , not for the grunt . tally atwater he 's come to Houston for a panel next week ...so0 be joanna kennelly ... ned look at she , then begin check he camera . ned ( too casual ) you know , this deal with you and Warren wushae n '* exactly escape anyone 's atten - on . ( when tally do not respond ) I just think you should know that . before anybody get in too deep . tally atwater nobody 's get in too deep . - 53 - Warren know that ? tally ( look at the tv ) +--cop ...ten , nine , eight , seven ... int . maternity ward -- night -- a infant in the arm of its mother , a overweight Hispanic woman . angle on tally in medical mask and green , as ned film she and the new . baby . another angle -- the new father in a medical mask and orange fatigue , the word prisoner on leg and back . mana - cle arm tattooe , he beam at the baby and the guard . int . hospital corridor -- night -- tally interview the father , fernando buttanda , as ned shoot . fernando buttanda «eeyou be tally , I see you on Channel ten «eI be Fernando ... tally atwater +;-fernando ... you be convict in July of armed robbery ... you third felony con - viction ... fernando no ) --- quatro , fourth ... but I be never in that bank , I only do gas station ... tally atwater eeeand you be currently incarcerate at eastham State penitentiary ... ( point to he tattce arn ) ned , get in close on " eternally Rosario . * ned shoot Fernando 's tattooe cross and crucifix . fernando buttanda «eonow I go to some joint back east ... Penn ...syl ... some place ... guard Pennsylvania . transferred for he own - $ 4 - safety . the Aryan Brotherhood 's get a contract out on he . fernando buttanda I cut that motherfucker before they cut I , tally , bet on that ... tally ( hurry past this ) Fernando , you be get baby clothes , toy , diaper service for a year ... all for ... what be you call the baby ? fernando buttanda fernandito . always we be go to nane he Fernando . after not . tally atwater then you and you wife hope for a boy ? fernando buttanda who ? tally atwater you wife . La madre de fernandito . fernando buttanda oh . she 's not my wife . she 's Rosario . my wife be augustina ... and augustina ... fernando lift up he other sleeve to show augustina 's tattoo . fernando buttanda ..ewould be very mad if I marry Rosario . int . khou control room -~ night -- warren justice stand behind the director watch the newscast and the noni - tor all play the tape of tally 's first - bear package . fernando buttanda onscreen «every mad if I marry Rosario ... a shot of the baby , then of fernando be LED away , then of tally : still in greens , in the nursery filled with newborn tally atwater onscreen --.and so Fernando buttanda head east to the federal penitentiary in homesburg , Pennsylvania , leave behind wife August - ina and they five daughter , as well as - 55 - Rosario mota , who last night give birth to he son , Fernando , Jr. , Houston 's first baby of the New Year at 12:02 a.m . fron kaiser Hospital , this be tally atwater ... angle on the anchor desk ~-- tally and rob sullivan watch a monitor . intercut among set , monitor & control room . rob sullivan sad story , tally . tally atwater sadder than it should be , Rob . there be report today that some local merchant include wee Willie winkle galleria and potamkin the toy man have pull out of the buttanda layette because of the circ - umstance , and will give they gift in - stead to little Tiffany policek , bear at 12:59 a.m. at presbyterian Hospital . rob sullivan I think I see they point , tally . tally atwater I '' not surprised you do , Rob . rob sullivan after all , a habitual offender and a woman with two other child out of wedlock ... tally atwater after all what , Rob ? rob sullivan I do not think we need go into that , tally . tally atwater I think you have say that , Rob . rob sullivan that ' 's it for tonight . I be Rob Sullivan , tally will surely join I in say be of good cheer and happy new year from all of we on the Channel ten news tean ... a special new year credit crawl of all the stapf name - 56 - as tally and Rob unhook they mike and smile at the camera and at each other . sotto voce through the endless crawl and theme music , as if have a normal unmike end of show coversation : rob sullivan that tear it ... this be the last time ... tally atwater I do not know you would be appoint commis - sar of public morality ... rob sullivan he 's a criminal and she 's a whore , if you can not understand that ... rob sullivan pick up the phone on the anchor desk as tally fold she hand and smile at the camera . tally atwater only whore have baby out of wedlock ? rob ( into the phone ) . Warren , you companion be out of line ... tally atwater companion ? do that mean whore too ? in the control room warren justice tally , shut up and saile ... Rob , we be still on the air , keep smile ... rob ( snile into the phone ) she do not have the maturity , you nre push she too fast ... tally atwater his companion do not have the maturity ? be that what you mean ? if you think that hairpiece give you maturity ... warren justice goddamnit , tally , do what I say . Rob , she take a nothing story and make it work . that ' 's what we call television ... angle on the floor manager signalling CUT warren justice - 57 - «- eand that 's a wrap . another angle -- warren justice bump into rob sullivan as he make he way onto the set . rob sullivan they would have fire she when I be in St. Louis ... warren ( not stop ) right , Rob ... tough shop , St. Louis ... rob sullivan I be take this upstairs ... angle on tally at the anchor desk furious , hearing Rob as warren lean over to she . tally ( to Rob ) good . and get they to explain why they keep you , you third - rate have -been ... warren ( sotto voce ) you be not a star yet , do not act like one . tally turn she rage on Warren . tally atwater do not ever tell I ... warren justice lat we lay down a few fact , tal . you be net push the envelepe out solo . you get a cameraman so crazy for you he do everything but backlight you . you get a assignment editor who have set Houston on fire just to let you cover it . you get ... tally atwater oee@ News girector I fuck , be that it ? ( storming off the set ) «-- use to fuck . get it ? int . newsroom -- night -- tally atwater at her desk tear the story about bucky terranova from broadcast week . another angle -- warren justice approach the desk . tally atwater I do not fight my whole life to be some - body 's companion . warren ( a beat ) hey . you be right . tally atwater and my sister have a baby . her live - in have a record . that make she a whore ? warren justice right again . tally look at Warren a long beat . : warren justice cease fire ? go to bee long night , you will not snile . tally finally smile and get up , pockete the clipping . warren 's bedroom -- night -- tally unable to sleep listen to the police scanner . when warren stir : tally atwater you awake ? warren justice T be now . tally atwater what would you think if I get another job ? warren ( careful ) where . tally atwater someplace where they would not call not you companion . ( a beat ) could go there together ... warren justice how about I post a memo . " staff be hence ~ forth advise to refer to Mr. justice as Ms. atwater 's companion . not vice versa . " get some sleep ... another angle -~ later -- tally and warren both awake , each conceal it from the cther . int . houston HOTEL lobby -- day -~- a event schedule TEXAS broadcaster association -- MAIN ballroom panel discussion -- 4 ph '' shatter the glass ceiling " bucky terranova , moderator panelist : joanna kennelly , wendy chan , tess tyler angle on photograph of the three panelist candid take during they interview with public figure . another angle -- tally atwater check the schedule and the photo , then maneuver through the crowd leave the ballroom , where a session have just end . tally atwater Excuse I ...has Mr. terranova ... tally Pov -- bucky terranova exite the ballroon . tally intercept hin . tally atwater Mr. terranova ... another angle -~ joanna kennelly join bucky and immediately take in the situation . ' joanna ( cut in ) o+ - tally , be not it ? joanna kennelly . another angle -- a photographer jostle past tally to get a shot of bucky terranova . photographer bucky ... if you could step over here ... bucky terranova move a few step away to accommodate the shot . - 60 = joanna ( to tally ) have you know bucky long ? tally atwater I do not exactly ... know hin . joanna kennelly but you want to . ( assess tally ) . that will not necessarily make Warren happy . he tend to want what he want where he want it . the toy belong in the box ... tally atwater I guess he 's change . joanna kennelly I would not count on it . tally look at joanna , who have strike a chord , as bucky terra - nova step in and cock a finger of recognition at she . bucky terranova .-- News heartbeat of the Lone Star State . you give we thirty minute , we will give you Houston , and the world . you be young than you look on camera ... joanna ( move on ) «.. miss atwater , bucky terranova . bucky , intense , shrewd , continue without a flicker . bucky terranova ~sewant to know something ? you voice be full of money ... int . warren justice 's office -- night -- joanna kennelly sit on a corner of Warren 's desk talk on the phone and perforn a few keystroke on he computer . joanna ( into the phone 's «stall chip I be filing the eaparound now ... we can go over it in the morning another angle -- warren enter he office and sit at the desk joanna oeeI x11 check back from the airport ... - 61 - warren ( as she hang up ) you still get a nice ass ... joanna swing she leg off the desk and put on she jacket : joanna ( cheerfully ) -.- but not this year 's ass . not even last year 's . I be seven year and three dozen ass back . ( lean to kiss he ) and by the time I next see you it ' 1ll be four dozen . ( leok at he ) unless you be go to tell I this one 's different . warren say nothing . joanna look at he a beat , curious . joanna kennelly somebody finally get to you ? ( Warren say nothing ) what do it feel like ? warren ( consider this ) it feel like ... I have close up the place for good and somebody walk in and open the window and punch on the jukebox and break glass and the cop come and like it or not I be in business again . joanna ( shrewdly ) you yoin with she when she make she nove 's hold on warren as he take this in and slowly shake he head . int . bar -- night -- bucky terranova in a booth talk to a visibly nervous tally atwater . bucky terranova «» - you know how you can tell somebody be not go to make it ? you hear she say it 's not quite time for this move , I 's fulfil where I be , maybe next fall . she do not even know it ... ( signal for the check ) «-- but she 's already on the bus back to - 62 - wherever she come fron . ( shrewdly ) you have any ... entangle alliance ? tally do not know what to say , and say nothing . bucky ( a beat ) good . Travel light . what 's you feel about Philadelphia ? tally atwater what ? bucky ( take the check ) a large city in Pennsylvania . I can put you there . tally ( a hard awareness ) it 's a number four market . bucky ( signing ) exactly . it 's do - able . int . khou newsroom -- night -- the SOUND of a blue track @rift across the empty newsroom from a CD in Warren 's office . int . warren 's office ~- night -- warren justice freshen he drink and gaze out the window at the Houston line . the . CD continue . at a SOUND he turn abruptly . warren' Pov <= tally atwater crossing the darken newsroom to he office . for a beat after she reach it , neither speak . warren justice I bet he say you voice be full of ( a beat ) that 's what he say to all the little girl . he 's famous for it . he say it to patti arbaugh in San Francisco and he say it to caresse giordano in Detroit and he say it to some other little girl you never hear of in Dallas and Des Moines . and Atlanta . ( a beat ) it 's not even he line . it 's from a - 63 - novel . ( quote ) '' her voice be full of money -- that be the unexhaustible charm that rise and fall in it , the jingle of it , the cymbal 's song of it ... " who write that ? ( a beat ) hemingway , right ? tally be silent , then nod uncertainly . warren justice | f. Scott fitzgerald . ( a beat ) where do he say he would move you ? San Fran - cisco ? no , that 's down market . Chicago ? l.a.? Philly ? ( when tally say nothing ) Philadelphia . that 's it ? get on the bird and do not look back ? I know a guy in Houston once , he teach I all I know ? tally just look at Warren , stunne by he harsh vehenence . warren justice you all be up against marcia Miller . you '' try to show she up like you do Rob ... tally atwater wait . you be the one who say you could help I get there ... warren justice --- she will have you for lunch . tally atwater you want I to stay here ... warren justice I do not want you to stay here . tally atwater you want I to stay because then you do not have to risk anything by leave . warren justice I love this . insight from miss state - line . Sixth runnerup . close on tally - 64 =- look as if he have hit she . after a beat she turn away toward the window . the CD still play . tally press stop . tally atwater I think we be go to be different . warren put he arm around she . she do not turn . tally atwater you could come with I . warren justice I have already be where you want to go . tally atwater one of ny mother 's husband deal crap . you can not win if you do not stay at the table . he always say . . warren justice I already cashed in my chip . tally ( turn to he ) then I do not want to go . warren justice sure you do . ext . khou parking lot <= night -- tally atwater she face streak with tear , run to she car , then , under she voice from the frame interview , look up . tally atwater v.0 . o-- you try never to look back in this bus - iness ... move on come with the territ - ory ... but I cry when I leave Houston ... tally 's Pov -- the lighted khou call letter and antenna tally atwater goddamn you . fullscreen ~~ tally atwater again the poise young woman against the seamless backdrop her voice from the interview continue over the next cut . tally atwater +-- even though I be suppose to be this ~ 65 - rough tough newsperson . the truth be ... int . philadelphia airport -- day -- tally atwater on a move sidewalk , pass a poster show wfil anchor doug dunning and marcia miller and the slogan " philadelphia 's fin - EST . " tally do not take she eye from marcia Miller . tally atwater v.o. . ---& television station be like a family . you have tension , of course ... you do in any family ... int . wfil reception room -- day -- holographic image of Doug dun and marcia Miller dominate the wall behind the severaly chic receptionist at she pristine marble table . another angle -~ tally atwater uncomfortable on a Barcelona chair , shift she head slightly . tally 's Pov -- marcia miller' eye following her tally atwater v.0o . +s- but also so much love . and when the opportunity come to move on to wfil - phila - delphia ... I know ... int . wfil news set -- night -- tally atwater watch from the edge of the set , uncertainly move out of the way as prop be move , light change , cable adjust . tally atwater v.0 . ++e2 / d find another surrogate family ... another angle -- doug dunning and marcia miller at the anchor desk . Doug dun be paternal , while marcia , near 40 , be smooth , chic , hair in a prench twist . marcia miller «-- this be a case that raise a old que - tion of journalistic ethic ... should a be - porter , man or woman , carry on a sexual relationship with a source ? tally unconsciously twist she hair in the marcia style . - 66 - doug dunning my feel , marcia , be that a reporter can carry on with a elephant ... as long as he 's not cover the circus . marcia miller colorfully put , Doug . we will get into this after the break ... angle on the director signalling audio and video off miller ( imperious ) where 's John . John ... angle on JOHN merino wfil news editor , come on the set . marcia point to tally . marcia miller she 's in ay eye line . int . tally 's apartment ~- night -~- tally atwater on she knee , cradle a phone as she unwrap a police scanner . popcorn filler from its carton stick to she . tally atwater e--Z say I be fine , Warren ... ( defensive ) . -- since when do my call mean sonme - thing 's wrong ... no , everybody 's great here ... so helpful and friendly ... how 's everybody there ... melba ... and ked ...and harvey ... what do you mean , I always like ( plug in the scanner ) .--- listen , you know what ? I buy a scanner ... why ? as tally hear the familiar crackle of police call , she sit the floor and hug she knee as if for warath . tally ( a echo ) -.- because I find the sound of human iniquity soothing ... int . newsroom -- warren justice 's office ~- day -- a tv monitor on which rob sullivan be do '' a.m. Houston " . - 67 - rob sullivan onscreen ..- time again for ninety year Young . to - day we be bless with twin , roxy and Ruby tezple out at the clearview Home ... another angle <-- warren justice watch '' ninety year Young " with station manager dan dillon . dan dillon it 's a cute segment , Warren , I do not know why you do not like it . onscreen a photo of the temple twins blowing out candle rob sullivan onscreen regninetyseisht year young today ... so let 's wish this beautiful youngster ninety - eight more ... warren ( angrily ) I do not like it , Dan , because it 's conde - scending horseshit . dan dillon it 's a sponsor spot . warren justice it 's also negative demographics . which as a suit , you should understand . if you want to keep you rating in every nursing home in Houston , then that 's the way to go . if , on the other hand , you want to reach a few people young enough to hobble over to the nell , which be the way it use to be here ... angle on the silent newsroom as Vic , ned , Sheila and melba listen to the loud argument . vic where do all the good time go ? Philadelphia . ext . the LIBERTY bell ’-- day -- tally atwater prepare to do a standup as a cameraman focus on she . she be fumble with necklace and seem insecure , overdress , less herself than a marcia Miller clone . tally atwater +.- three , two ...one ...cut . be you use a fog filter ? where 's the fog ? tally atwater I always use a number one fog in Houston . cameraman what do you shoot down there , music video ? ext . crime site o> day -- tally atwater in the rain , frustrated , still try to ape marcia 's style as police mill behind the yellow tape and the cameraman pack up . cameraman come on , shine it on , we get enough . tally atwater get in early , stick close , wrap last . 1 learn that in Houston . cameraman a ete er ? cameraman since before you be bear . so one thing I do not need be somebody tell I how it 's do in Houston . you want to hang in here , ckay ... the cameraman unsling he camera and unload it on tally . cameraman orbat X hope you learn to use a auri - con in bouston ext . HOTEL -- night -- tally atwater exit taxi in a evening dress . the hotel marquee say , annual celebrity auction greater philadelphia fund another angle -- a limousine with the licence plate penn 1 pull in front of tally 's taxi , - 69 - and reporter and photographer push toward it . tally 's Pov -- marcia miller exit the limousine follow by GEORGE mc bride , the governor of Pennsylvania . as flashbulb pop marcia sight tally at the edge of the throng . marcia miller tally . have you meet we governor , George McBride . Governor , tally 's we newest addition at Channel 4 , tally atwater ... tally atwater Governor ... governor mc bride shake tally 's hand perfunctorily , then wave to the crowd and press sone flesh . marcia miller the governor so appreciate a pretty face , tally , where be you sit ? you must stop by we table ... angle on tally as marcia sweep into the auction vith McBride . after a beat , tally start for the hotel door , then turn and hail a cab . int . tally 's bedroom -- night -- tally atwater still in she evening dress tear off a piece of mask tape and tape a snapshot to a nirror . {ally 's Pov -- the snapshot -- a picture of warren that tally after a beat touch with a finger . int . JOHN merino 's office -- day -- JOHN merino uncozfortably look up from he desk as tally enter . they stall uncoafortably for a few beat , avoid the point . JOHN merino tally . glad you could come by . I think I owed you a talk . - 70 - tally atwater I want to talk to you , too , John . JOHN merino you want some coffee or something ? ( she shake she head ) no . I only drink decaf . well . ( a beat ) we have get this marketing guy upstairs . they run ... focus group . you know , ask twenty citizen in for cold cut and see what they like and ... do not like . tally sit absolutely still , she fear of failure confirm . JOHN merino ( a beat ) what the marketing guy keep hearing be ... ( see the look on she face ) ..- tally , I hire you , I still think you have ... real potential ... ( helpless , want to end this ) look . you be come across ... as if you haven not decide you like be here ... tally atwater that 's what I want to talk to you about . I just think I need more support . JOHN merino you be not here on a internship , tally . tally atwater I think if you could work with I ... . JOHN merino 's - and I be not you mentor . this be a o&o with a signal that reach New York . you get here , you have to know the net - work 's watch ... int . HOTEL bar -- night -- tally atwater & bucky terranova have a drink . tally be bright , brittle , edge of break . bucky terranova so how 's it go . tally atwater great . - 71 - bucky terranova that 's why you call 911 and say get not bucky . let 's cut to where you be . you just have the stake upped . you get the network watch , marcia make you feel like a babyfat wannabe from the wrong side of town , and you be scared shitless . tally ( too vehement ) I be not scared . ( a beat ) I be just wonder ... if maybe I should go back to Houston ... say for a year ... bucky terranova that could definitely be arrange . tally light up , then get the body blow : bucky terranova and the year after that you go to tupelo , Mississippi . and the year after that you blow you brain out . ( off the look on tally 's face ) I tell you in Houston . not everybody end up sit down when the music stop . ext . housing project in pouring rain -- night -~ tally atwater struggle with a slicker and she hair , so nervous and insecure that she be lisping again , prepare for a live feed . tally atwater --- on thith block ... on this block ... on this block in thouth ... in Southwest . phila - delphia ... cameraman «+- @o it now or we lose the feed ... int . wewsroom -- night -~ tally atwater on monitor the rain wreck she hair and makeup , she insecurity apparent . she do not lock at the canera . tally atwater onscreen --- right here on this block , marcia , two woman in the last four day have be kill resisting rape ... wy ew — _ with -72 - another angle -- JOHN merino watch offstage with bucky terranova as marcia miller ask tally a question from the anchor desk . marcia miller shock . and tally , how many rape have be report this year in Philadelphia ? another angle -- tally onscreen ' try to control she mike cord in the rain and wind . tally ( lamely ) lot nore , I be sure , marcia , but ... marcia miller ( cut she off ) ..- just for background , the figure for the first six month of this year be 237 ... JOHN merino look at bucky terranova . bucky shrug . int . flaherty 's bar -- mid -morning -- warren sustice sit by himself in a booth , read a newspaper . angle on a photo of tally over the bar mirror with all the other khou publicity photo . angle on a tv set tune to a.m. Houston , anchore by rob sullivan . rob sullivan «time again for cur weekly feature , and hun - ninety year Young ... but it 's ... one @red year young today ... amo Lynch ... from behind warren a voice he doe not turn to identify . voice I remember Rob when he have hair . New Orleans ... warren justice St. Louis ... angle on bucky terranova \) -— T - ww - 73= - slip into the booth across from Warren . bucky terranova no wonder you be sit in here , put that shit on the air . ( a beat ) so , Warren , how long 's it be ? warren justice since the day I fire you . rfk stadiun . owner 's box . redskin Giants . I say I want to leave ibs . you say you do not handle people on the way down . the Red - skin win . bucky terranova I leave in the third quarter . ( snap he finger at the bartender ) perrier . wedge of lemon , not line . warren justice what bring you to Houston . bucky terranova NASA ? warren justice try again . bucky terranova the fact be , Warren , I have a client ina certain amount of ... distress ... int . wfil editing room -- night -- videotape of tally do a standup surround by thousand of shoe . tally atwater onscreen historian tell we that the first civil - ization to prize footwear ... another angle ~- tally studying the tape as JOHN merino , on he way out , look over she shoulder . . JOHN merino historian ? it 's a shoe show , tally . 25,000 pump walk into philadelphia. cute . Fred and Ginger . imelda marcos . - 774 - tally ( measure each word ) I see . very cute . ( turn off the editing machine ) you say I could do City Hall . I look at the board and I be do this shoe show . JOHN merino : the City Hall piece ... on consideration ... fall naturally into marcia 's five parter . ( tally say nothing ) cronies & payoff . crisis at City Hall . tally ( a beat ) t’1l1 close up . JOHN merino do not you ever take ten , tally ? int . empty newsroom -- night -- tally atwater in the newsroom , pick up she telephone and dial a number , fiddling vith a shoe as she listen to the ringing . warren' voice on machine justice here ... you want I to call back , leave a number ... you get something that will not wait , call the khou desk at ... tally replace the telephone , then hear step and turn . tally 's Pov ~- warren justice walk toward she . they gaze at each other a beat . tally atwater zt be so very very very glad to see you . warren justi I figure you might be . tally and warren touch tentatively , hot , silent , put off the sonent . warren justice I finally make myself persona non grata in Houston . I pull the plug on Rob 's edi - torial minute . ~ - 75 - tally start to laugh , a hint of the old tally . tally atwater what be you go to do ? warren reach over and remove a false eyelash . warren justice clean up you act . int . darkened room ~~ night -- warren and tally make love , visible only in silhouette , clothes in disarray . , suddenly a light go on , revealing the room as John merino 's office . angle on JOHN merino stand in the door , carry he raincoat and briefcase . JOHN merino what the ...oh , shit ... angle on tally and warren scramble to untangle themselves on the office couch . warren ( cool ) John . Long time , no see. ( to tally ) John and I use to cover the dea in miani . JOHN merino Warren . I leave ny filofax ... tally atwater eee do not think you vere come back ... warren justice I think he figure that out , tal . JOHN merino retrieve he filofax from he desk . JOHN merino well , I be on my way , Warren ... tally ... tally ( wanly ) ~ I redid the shoe show , John ... | warren ( as John exit ) - 76 - the shoe show ? int . tally 's apartment -~ night -- videotape of tally on the vcr , fast - forward , freeze , fast again . another angle -- warren justice click through a succession of she standups . tally onscreen at a soup kitchen in another marcia knockoff , uncomfortably hand out plate . warren justice they get you look like princess di. tally onscreen at a crime site fastidiously step aside as the victin be carry out . warren justice the Ice Queen go to a drive - by . tally onscreen at a drug bust fiddle with large marcia-like earring as police handcuff sus - pect . warren justice have a problem with the earring ? another angle <-~ tally atwater as Warren click off the vcr and turn to she . warren justice whatever happen to thallyanne atwater ? tally atwater they vould not understand she here . warren justice take a day off tomorrow , there 's a place I want to show you . ext . highway outside philadelphia -- day -- warren justice pull onto the shoulder , stop , help tally out , and lead she uphill through the wood . as he guide she up a incline : - w7 = . warren justice ++- not much further ... as I remember , it 's off here somewhere ... ( reach a ridge , stop ) there . tally' Pov -- a huge trailer park as far as the eye can see , trailer -- all bristle with tele - vision antennae , cable connection , satellite dish . warren justice see ? it 's not all marcia Miller country up here . ( a beat ) think they have understand sallyanne atwater ? think they might even trust she ? ( she leok at he ) then give she to then . ( a beat ) you get up there every night and talk to they as if you care about they ... you could get to be one of the few thing the whole country have in common . ( a beat ) do not write that off . it 's sonethe worth do . tally be radiant . she get it , know he come here for she . tally ( a beat ) we gia not keep it as loose as I think we warren justice that 's not so bad , be it ? tally atwater if we be not together ... warren slowly bring she close , and as they embrace and kiss : warren justice ueveryth shut down a little . ext . philadelphia HOTEL -- night -- tally atwater do a live feed , she radiance back , amid fire engine , snoke , and debutante and escort be herde into a police van . - 78 - tally atwater whether the chandelier go down before or after 911 get call , nobody be say ... but this have to be one of the most incend - dary affair of what social - register type here call the season ... int . wfil news set -- night -- marcia miller disapprove the light tone tally be take . marcia miller tally ... tally atwater onscreen ++ eand one that will not soon be forget by that proud mama and papas who get call tonight to make bail . marcia ... marcia miller ( stiffly ) ++ethe Holly Ball be one of we prettiest and most traditional event , tally , and I be wonder how this could happen tally onscreen ( cheerful ) esejust a bunch of rich kid , Mar - cia ... spoiled rotten ... marcia miller tally ... tally atwater onscreen «-- bored silly ... marcia miller e+- tally , that 's ... tally atwater onscreen oeeand dress to kill , int . JOHN merino 's office -- night -- JOHN merino on the phone , scribbling figure , as a secretary clear space on he desk for @ sandwich and a beer . JOHN merino ( into the phone ) ye nge ane eget , st. ' ( hang up secretary the cold cut be run 3 - to-1 tally . - 79 - int . taprant -- day -- warren justice at lug#hh bucky terranova .. bucky terranova you know the business . spend five year look at you navel in East nowhere ... warren justice past Texas . six year . bucky ( dismissive ) --.8 twelve market ... you lose the beat . however . there 's a hot young guy at four in Baltimore , cord otavio ... warren ( make a note ) thanks . er 12 bring h T owe you one . for ta yt t she up here , I figure she be secure enough to handle it . warren justice nobody who do what she do be secure . you know that , bucky . this business at build on insecure people . it promise applause they need . then it tighten the acrev . ( a beat ) she can go all the way . can not she . bucky terranova assume she do not go wiggy again ? ( Warren , do a ziret -rate , job , make a few break for herself ? ( Warren nod ) ibs be the shot . very fluid lineup . ( reach for the check ) unless Wendy Chan shov more than she 's be show . warren justice how long . bucky terranova a year ? two year ? eighteen sonth ? warren take the check from bucky . warren justice you nve get some leverage now , tell John merino there 's a cameraman in Houston ... int . wfil newsroom -~ day -- ned breslin unload he camera and bag . another angle -- tally see he , jump up from she desk and kiss hin . ned ( look around ) pretty slick .... tally atwater try nobody yell in the newsrcoon . they send each other memo . by 2£ - mail . int . baltimore newsroom office -- day =- cord otavio a young 26 , lean back in he chair and clasp he hand over he head , look at Warren justice . cord otavio so tell I something about yourself ... ( check the resume on he desk ) ... Warren ... warren justice ( rise ) you first ... int . build lobby -- day -- a row of quarter laid out on the shelf of a pay phone . warren justice v.0. justice . Warren justice ... ( a beat ) look at it this way , if he do not know I , he do not have to call I back ... another angle -- warren justice hang up in disgust , insert another quarter and dial . insert -~ fullscreen -~ headline -- broadcast news — '' — =~-. will - 81 - wfil - PHILLY rating climb New life on top newscast insert -- fullscreen -- a broadcast news photo of tally atwater and over it the faint strain of a disk jockey moan : deejay I never be to heaven , but I have see tally on Channel 7 ... believe it , baby ... int . JOHN merino 's office -- day ~- marcia miller a thin triumphant smile , as a tape recorder on the desk play : deejay 's voice on tape '' all right . another blue-heaven morning here at Radio rock it sock it phil ...a... del ... phia . ( sing ) I have never be to heaven ... but I have see tally on Channel Seven ... ( imitate orgasn ) ohbhh ... tally ... better believe it , baby ... another angle -- JOHN merino and tally atwater impassive as marcia click off the recorder . a beat , then : JOHN merino marcia , I be not sure I understand you ... marcia miller she take sy broadcast ... a broadcast with which I be identify and for which I a responsible ... tally atwater some deejay I never laid eye on ... marcia miller and she make my broadcast ... and by exten - sion I ... the object of vulgar innuendo ... tally rip the tape out from the recorder , drop it in a wastebasket , and walk out . in sheer rage , to marcia : tally atwater it 's not about you . it 's about not . - 82 - int . wfil news set -- day -- tally atwater alone off the ' darken set , try to regain she composure . another angle -- JOHN merino enter tally atwater . if you want to talk about the deejay ... JOHN merino forget the deejay . we get this election come up , and I hate to waste marcia , she know more about state politics than the pol do . so I offer she senior polit - ical correspondent ... director of campaign coverage ... whatever ... and I want you to take over some of she duty . tally atwater be that what this be about ? ( John merino nod ) be she stay ? JOHN merino ( a beat ) she have a offer in Cincinnati . tally walk to the unlit anchor desk as John merino exit . she do not sit down but trace a finger across its surface . ext . STREET -- day -- a billboard show wfil anchor doug dunning and marcia miller . another angle <-~ a sign painter plaster on a new sign that replace marcia 's face with tally 's . a banner on the new sign read : live this week from convention CENTER int . 212 club bar -- day -~ ibs vice president buford sell move along the bar , a good old boy greeting one and all . another angle -- warren justice IM a booth stir a drink as buford sell slide in across from hin . buford sell imagine they call I a suit , Warren ? - 83 - warren justice you still look like a pig in shit , buford . waiter the regular , Mr. sell ? buford sell tanqueray gin martini , straight up , forget the olive . ( to Warren ) Long time , Warren ... ( to the waiter ) forget the vermouth too . ( back to Warren ) «».goddamn , remember Miami ... you manage to piss off the entire cast ... cuban ... an~ gios ... colombian ... dea ... Metro dade po - lice ... even the vice president of the U - nite States ... warren justice we nation 's drug czar , buford ... buford sell and that time in Washington we be wait for the spin on the State of the Union and you get bored and go to Arlington and do a live feed on the death of the Republic ... ( the waiter bring he martini ) «sand charter a helicopter to take you there , you crazy son of a bitch ... ( lift he martini ) -. good time ... warren 's Pov =~ gabe lawrence , another ibs vice president speak impatiently to the maitre a , then go to the bar . buford sell ( watch ) Old gabe lawrence there , will not chow down unless he get what he calis the a table . ( a beat ) you be look for a job , be not you ? ( a beat ) shit , Warren , you and I do this once . do not do ourselves any credit , either . warren justice that 's over . clean track . - 64 - buford sell you still get a nasty habit of call a horse 's ass a horse 's ass . some folk at we shop still do not appreciate that ... warren justice incline he head toward gabe lawrence . buford sell you get it . be not gabe on the pool with you for the Grenada invasion ? warren justice until he have to bow out because of a un - breakable periodontal appointment . buford sell the flosser be in charge now , Warren . I be just the noble fuck savage they trot out at affiliate meeting ... ( break off ) you source at the Pentagon still - geed ? ( Warren nod ) might ask then what 's up with the Southern Command . I hear sonethe 's cooking again in Central America . warren justice you get anybody down there ? buford sell the flosser declare denccracy the winner and pull everybody out . ( a beat ) you go down on you own , you would have the whole shoot match to yourself ... warren justice I kind of want to stick around here for now . buford ( shrewdly ) she worth it ? warren ( rise ) deep down , buford , she want to shoot up the town . buford sell Hell , I be at least good for lunch ... warren justice you already hear all my storey , Bu . angle on warren on he way out , detain by gabe lawrence . gabe lawrence Warren . small world ... warren justice hello , gabe . gabe lawrence I be see film from the affiliate , this protegee of yours seem to be shaping up nicely ... what 's she name ... warren 's Pov -- joanna kennelly approaching warren ( ignore the question ) Excuse I ... warren kiss joanna and move on . joanna kennelly Warren ...wait ... have a drink with we ... warren justice «eenext time , joanna ... int . pennsylvania station bar -- day -- warren justice fold a newspaper to a small story and read it . warren 's Pov -- the headline : pentagon denies central america buildup reported movement describe as routine warren drain a drink and glance at he vatch . warren ( to bartender ) ext . convention CENTER -- day -- wfil billboard showing tally and the new slash line : live tonight from convention CENTER ext . convention CENTER -- day -- wfil billboard showing tally and the new slash line : live tonight from convention CENTER int . arena dressing room -~ day -- tally atwater nervous , uncomfortable , be make up by a makeup man , charlie . another angle ~~ marcia miller take she cosmetics from a makeup cart and drop they into a zippere bag . as she do so : marcia miller this be my base ... you do not need hypo - allergenic , do you ? ( tally shake she head no ) my number 26 Red ... ( a critical look at tally ) you have do better with 29 anyway ... tally atwater take whatever you want ... I mean I have my own ... marcia ( a beat ) I do not want you to think this be somehow you fault . tally atwater Charlie , could you get we some coffee , black no sugar for I ? marcia miller Charlie already know we secret . tally atwater then Charlie , scratch the coffee . marcia miller it 's not anybody 's fault . it 's a fact of life . you be what , twenty - five ? tally atwater twenty -four . marcia miller you be twenty - four and I 's actually I be forty - one . not even know that . he 's my agent too , you know . ( reflective ) when I be twenty - four I be at waga at - . - 87 - lanta . I think I be on my way to New York , the rest of my life be on hold un - till I get there . no man , no family , noth - ing to hold I down . I never do get to New York ... tally hear in marcia 's word a personal warning . tally atwater what about the rest of you life . marcia miller still on hold . {about to leave ) you 'il be forty - one someday ... int . train -- day <-- warren justice stare out the window as the train clear the what trenton make the world take sign , en route Philadelphia . another angle -- the empty seat next to warren where the newspaper Warren be read in Penn Station be still fold to the same story . ext . convention CENTER -- day -- wfil billboard of tally as warren justice pass it , drain a can of beer , arch it toward a trash barrel , niss , and head for the entrance , ob - livious to the can clatter down the step . int . convention arena floor -- day -- tally atwater sit at the anchor desk as tech make last - ninute adjustnent . could somebody ack sonn if he a 'ot see Warren ... this chair 's too high ... lighting tech marcia like it high ... tally atwater marcia 's not sit here , be she ? ( riffling through script 's T 'a miss page two , five and seven ... ~~ = : SOUND tech give I ancther level , tally ... director forty -five second to air ... a writer run up and place a page on the anchor desk . tally ( to the writer ) that 's two , do we try for five and seven ? tally' Pov -- JOHN merino at the edge of the set tally atwater John ... Warren say he have be here ... director thirty second to air ... tally atwater I be still miss five and seven ... a writer bring more page as a tech adjust tally 's nike wire . tally ( to John merino ) «see if Warren ... director five second ... tally «..i / m not get any help here ... director air . tally look up , smile , and be suddenly cal . tally atwater good evening . this be the wfil six o'clock report ... and I be tally atwater ... live tonight from the convention center «-ewhere in exactly two hour ... int . convention CENTER stand -- day -- warren justice enter the still - empty arena at the top of the stand . warren' Pov -- tally in a pool of light as she anchor from the desk on the floor . warren start down but be stop by a security guard . guard nobody get down without credential . warren reach into he jacket and fish out old press card . he be elaborately polite , a clue to the guard that he be drunk . warren justice yeah , well , one of this still work ... guard uh uh. negative . no go . warren justice come on ... it 's work at the White House , it 's work at the Pentagon , it 's even work backstage at the grateful Dead ... guard you be drunk , buddy ... warren ( patiently ) not true . I may have have one or two drink , but I be not ... guard I be warning you , out of ny face ... warren justice believe I . your be the last face I want to be in . let I say this very clearly . I be merely try ... to get down to ... guard oe. she . warren justice +oe88 @ matter of fact , yes . guard and I '' say you do not get near she . the guard move to block Warren off , and as he do , warren suddenly rear back and hit he . other guard materialize . int . convention area floor -- day -- tally atwater wind up she broadcast . tally atwater we will be back here with full convention coverage tonight at eight ... tally 's Pov -- the commotion in the stand there be now a half dozen people , include police . tally atwater e--until then ... for Doug dun on as - signment ... and for all of we at wfil ... tally can now make out warren , be lead out by police . tally atwater «e-this be tally atwater ... tally suile and renove she mike as she wait for the off sig - nal , then bolt from the desk . int . precinct station -- night -- tally atwater sit wait , half -rise as she hear a inner gate open . tally 's Pov -- a police officer whistling as he exit the gate . another angle -- the desk sergeant study tally . after a beat : desk sergeant uh ... tally atwater , right ? tally nod . the desk sergeant also nod , then , as she be about to speak , busy himself at he desk . tally lean back , and then again hear a gate open . tally Pov -- warren justice between the inner & outer gate wait for the outer gate to open . a buzzer . the gate open . Warren , a bruise on he face , walk through the gate to tally . warren justice hey . - 91 - ext . precinct station -- night -- a blaze of flashbulb follow tally and warren as they exit , walk as if determine not to acknowledge the flash that illuminate they face . int . tally 's bedroom -- night -- tally atwater clean the bruise on warren 's face with a washcloth . there be a bowl of ice and a bottle of bourbon on the bed table . warren justice just give I some of that ice ; will you ... tally atwater 1/11 put it in a compress ... warren justice forget the compress , put it in a glass ... tally put ice in a glass . as he add bourbon and drink : tally atwater what happen today ... warren justice nothing happen . go up to New York , meet a guy I use to know for lunch ... tally ( involuntary ) about a job ? warren see tajly 's distress , and draw she down on the bed . warren justice dust kick around old time , tal ... when I be ready to work again , the deal I want be go to fall right off the tree ... ( unbutton she shirt ) o.- 8ame way you do ... tally atwater anyone I know ? warren justice you ask a lot of question . tally atwater I do not get a lot of answer . ext . ibs build , new york == day -~ tally atwater - 92 - on a sidewalk pay phone , eye on the ibs lego emblazon on the tower , wait for a answer , get it . into the phone : tally atwater joanna kennelly , please .... tell she it 's tally atwater ... we meet in Houston ... another angle -- doug dunning tap he watch impatiently as he wait for tally . int . ibs control room -- day -- a director shout instruction to the floor , where tom orr , the ibs anchor be filming promo with local anchor along the ibs network . director -.-okay , Tom , take it from the top ... '' hey , wait a minute , lacey ... angle on the floor -- tom orr at a anchor desk behind which be the ibs logo , flanke by the Denver anchor team , tracy doubleday and MARK harris . tracy doubleday ... Tracy ... director Tracy , cut the smile in half , you lock like you just win the lottery . ok ... another angle -- tally atwater watch Tom Orr as she be lead past the set to a dress roon . tom orr hi , I be Tom orr. join I each weekday night on Channel 5 , right after Denver 's avard win news team , Tracy doubleday and Mark Harris ... : int . dressing room -- day -~ tally atwater get she makeup touch up . noise , jostling . tally 's Pov -- all the other face in the xirror all young woman anchor , she competitor , size each other up . - 93 - int . control booth ~- day -- the director watch a playback . through the window we see tally and doug dunning come onstage . director okay . Ft. Worth 's a wrap . Philadelphia 's up , Doug and tally , wfil Channel 7 ... int . news set -- tom orr -~ day read he promo copy , then introduce hizselt . tom orr Doug , good to see you ... tally , Tom Orr ... director 's voice okay , people , trim the hellos , 36 promo to go ... let 's try for one take ... tally and Doug dun take they place flanking Tom Orr . director 's voice --- @ll right ... do it ... tom orr hello , I be Tom orr. join I every week - night on Philadelphia 's Channel 7 , right after the top rate News at six , with Doug dun and tally atwater ... int . joanwa kennelly’s office -- tally atwater stand at the window , look out at the skyline , as if not dare to look at joanna kennelly directly . tally atwater eeet tell he a funny story , he laugh . the laugh be only ... ' joanna kennelly «+a half beat behind ... tally atwater --- he say everything be fine ... joanna kennelly »»eand you pretend you do not notice he 's pretend ... ( a beat ) - 94 - do he ever tell you what happen when he be cover the White House ? tally turn , too distraught to see the point of this . tally atwater I should not keep you . you tape today . joanna ( ignore she ) he keep ask question they do not want ask . one morning the briefer be give some bullshit line and Warren call he a liar . quote unquote . and the briefer say , justice , you be out of business . ( a beat ) meaning nobody take you call . ( a beat ) after that he cover it from outside . break storey nobody else have . the White House get to the network and make it clear , no more access for anybody ... tally atwater they could not carry through on that . joanna kennelly - sure they could . there 's a flight to a summit and I do not sit next to the chief of staff . there 's a one - on - one in the oval Office and Tom Orr do not get it . ( a beat ) the network leave it to buford sell to tell he . play it they way or the high - way . Warren choose the highway . tally stare at the skyline , unable to look at joanna . joamna kennelly buford sell be he best friend . he even come on we honeymoon . to Lebanon , for the israeli invasion . after buford laid down the term , they stop speak . you remember I tell you in Houston Warren a beat ) a scp a@ lot for he the ask Bu sell for a job . ( a beat ) - 95 - he do not tell you that , do he ? int . bucky terranova 's office -- day -~ bucky & tally talk . on the wall , photo of client , include Tom Orr , Joan - to kennelly and marcia Miller . bucky terranova from the point of view of the guy who do the hire , something about Warren do not read tean player . ( shrug ) they be right . tally atwater you have some marker out . call one in . bucky terranova for you ? tally look at he a beat , then nod . int . JOHN merino 's opfice -- day -- JOHN merino on the phone JOHN merino bucky , I know he 's good , I work with he , X also know he 's trouble ... he stake out the high moral ground , everybody else get altitude sickness ... JOHN merino 's Pov -- a tally atwater poster propped on a chair , its legend read '' wfil -- # 1 for news " . JOHN merino ( a sigh ) «- okay , okay , okay , as long as she know she 's part of the package ... int . tally 's bedroom -~ night -- tally sit on the unmade bed with she arm around she knee . tally atwater there 's nobody else with the background to do it . I would not feel confident unless I know you be back I up ... another angle -- warren sit by the window drink a beer and look out . - 96 = warren justice if you do not feel confident , do not do it . tally atwater John want this show . ( Warren say nothing ) I need you to do this for I . fullscreen -- headshot of warren justice & tally atwater as they appear with this headline inside broadcast News : " atwater to anchor hour News special -- justice to wfil as special project director '' int . . italian restaurant -~- night -- tally atwater sing and clap the beat as a pickup band play '' want man . * tally atwater '' want man in California ... want man in buffalo ... " come on , Warren ... another angle -~ warren justice get up from a big raucous table crowded with JOHN merino , bucky terranova , ned , doug dunning , and other from wfil . warren ( join tally ) " , .. go to sleep in Shreveport ... " tally atwater «woke up in abilene .. ( Warren & tally copether} wonder why the hell I be want some town half way between ...* . another angle -- later -- tally at the table , music in b.g. happy , spontaneous , glass raise in a toast . tally atwater --- Z have a advantage here . I have work for he . that of you who be about to get you first exposure to Warren ... another angle -- later -- tally and warren dance slowly , late in the evening . - 97 - tally atwater there 's something I want you to do before you start work . ( he nod ) marry not . warren justice I have be marry . bad idea ... tally atwater marry I . warren justice you be the one who never want to get marry . tally atwater «+e want you around in the szorn ... warren and tally slow to a stop , lock in each other 's arm . tally be oblivi - ous , overwhelm by love . Warren be conflict , want she but aware that they lease on sach other could be cut short . warren justice »-. you already get I around in the morn - ing , I do not know how but you do ... tally atwater ooeZ want to know you be legally require to be there ... ext . buck county farmhouse -- day -- warren justice pin a spray of apple blossom in tally 's hair . tally atwater I be scared . warren justice any time either one of we want out ... vwe just walk out and close the door . tally atwater that 's what I be scared of . int . buck county farmhouse -- day -- ned play a upright piano with one finger , segues from the wedding recessional into '' heart and soul . " angle on warren and tally embrace before 'a justice of the peace , just close he book . another angle -~ the justice 's wife try to focus a instamatic flash . ned continue play the piano with one hand as he take the camera and shoot . close on tally and warren in the camera flash music carry over CUT to : ext . moving van ~- night -- a moving man close the slide door to the empty van and hop into the cab . another angle -- the van pull out to reveal a house its bare window light . the camera move to a upstairs window . int . tally 's & warren' house -- night ~~ tally surround by unpack box , begin to make the bed . another angle -~- warren take tally in he arm and draw she onto the unmade bed . music carry over CUT to : int . warren 's wfil office -- day -- a janitor try to fit a corkboard on a vall hang with hunt print . another angle -- warren on the telephone make note as he talk and watch the placement of the board . I be try to get ore dackground .... lose the duck . ( into the ) +-- on this prison reform intiative ... angle on the handyman take down the hunt print and reposition the board . warren ( into phone ) «.. I / m still not clear on the evolution of the Governor 's think on this ... another angle -- tally atwater enter the office with a vase of flower , place the vase on a bookcase , then lean to kiss he ear . warren ( into phone ) I see ... right ... ( signal success to tally ) «-. we will want to talk to Governor McBride , so if you could book some time now ... music carry over CUT to : insert -- chalkboard production schedule as a hand fill in the follow information : show : untitled prison Reform Project producer : justice anchor : atwater insert -- the corkboard in warren 's office as it be fill with clipping and calendar and schedule and reninder and , finally , a lipstick heart from tally . insert -- production clapboard mark prison Project / justice music carry over CUT to : int . tally & warren' kitchen -- night ~~ nusic over -- warren chop onion , eye tear , then sweep the peel to the floor . warren justice when you interview McBride get he to talk about he polling , okay ? ( acrain he drink ) get with the scallion , tal ... another angle -- tally woewwrewrerlo - 100 - study the perfect bowl of pasta on a tack - up food page tear from a magazine as she chop scallion . tally atwater I can not even see where the scallion fit in ... dann. ( examine she finger ) I cut nyself ... where 's the garlic ... warren justice get a glass of wine and sit down ... ( back to chopping ) showboat talk about reform , it 's code for throw away the key ... you listen or not ? tally atwater ( a tissue around she finger ) I have to do the garlic ... ( clunsy peel ) be not there suppose to be some trick to peel garlic ? : tally 's Pov -- tomato puree boiling over on the stove tally atwater shit . warren' Pov -- the photo of the pasta : warren ( take down photo ) the trick be ... another angle -- later -- the perfect BOWL of pasta be place on the table . the camera move back to reveal : int . restaurant -- night <-- tally & warren absolutely delighted to be together and out for dinner . int . JOHN merino 's office -- day ~~ warren justice lay out the format for the prison reform special . warren justice fullscreen headline . Governor Signs pris - on Reform act. cut to McBride , smash into he campaign bite , '' this be a prison , not @ resort " blah blah blah ... over each bite we show the effect on he rating ... - 101 - another angle -- tally watch JOHN merino to get he reaction . JOHN merino look at tally , then at Warren . tally atwater his approval jump five point every time he mention three - strike - you be - out ... merino ( doubtful ) what /s the centrepiece . warren justice the night we air , he reelection campaign be staging a victim 's vigil outside the capitol . he 's go to call for ten new super - max prison . tally do it . live . JOHN merino you be come down heavy on McBride ... warren justice this prison , John , be maxinum security warehouse . you do not need so many guard inside , because nobody leave he cell . you do not even need so many guard out - side , because you will have what they call ®death fence " . touch the fence and you die . that 's what McBride call reform . Reform be a code word . for lock ‘em up and throw away the key . int . wil corridor -- day -- tally sense he hesitation , catch up with JOHN merino . tally atwater it 's a strong piece , be not it . strong . right . ( a beat ) I just do not want Warren to put you too far ahead of the curve on this one . tally atwater ahead of what curve ? merino he shrug . - 102 - do I think the crime issue be manipulate for political end ? absolutely . do I think there 's a contradiction between what McBride say and what he mean ? absolute - ly . do I think large number of citizen want to hear that ? not necessarily . tally T think it be we job to tell people thing they do not want to hear . merino ( carefully ) I do not think you want Warren too far out on a limb here . not if you want he to get another one of this on the air . int . . tally 's & warren' house -- night -- tv screen tune to the ibs even News with Tom Orr . tom orr onscreen ... in other news tonight , Pennsylvania Governor Mike McBride say that he will not give in to denand make by inmate at homesburg penitentiary , call the de - gand extortion ... another angle -~ tally atwater study a script as she dress , glance at the screen . tom orr onscreen v.o. ..- mebride , who last week launch he campaign for reelection , say a prison be a prison , not a resort ... in Chicago ... tally mute the sound , look at the script again , then , de - terninedly , sit down and begin pencil in change ext . state capitol -- night -~ scale model of prisow as tally atwater point out its feature and ned shoot she . tally atwater Governor McBride 's office provide report - er today with this model of vhat he call the prison of the future ... source say the governor will call at tonight 's vigil for the construction of ten such fac ity ... each mean to house sone ten thousand - 103 - habitual or three - time offender ..- ' another angle -- warren justice watching tally atwater plan specify a private room for each man - per of the population ... warren ( to ned ) it . ( to tally ) be '' private room " how the governor 's of - fice put it ? {no response ) > be '' private room " @ pretty way of say isolation cell ? the intention be no interraction among inmate ? angle on demonstrator gather for the the governor 's photo op vigil . . tally atwater I suppose so . warren justice ' nen say so . do you rewrite this ? tally atwater I do ... a little editing . warren justice you edit out the point . McBride 's peddle a ugly and very volatile package to get himself reelected . meanwhile let - ting the voter feel good about themselves by call it '' refora " . say so . angle on JOHN merino watching tally atwater I just want to balance ... warren ( override she ) you be fudging . you be trimming . you nre shaping you coverage to what you think people want to hear ... merino ( step forward ) Warren ... I happen to think ... - 104 - warren justice this be between tally and not . JOHN merino ..e I happen to think she 's right ... warren justice I do not care what you think . I care about keep this honest . homesburg 's lock down again . goddamn place could blow to ~ night . while we stand here pretend the way to go be another ten honesburgs . JOHN merino one , homesburg 's not go to blow . two , this show be not entirely up to you ... warren justice my name 's on it , it better be up to I ... merino ( lose it ) you think I do not know I have get this kind of shit from you ? you think I want it ? tally ( helpless ) John ... JOHN merino you think I even want this show ? she want it . you talk about you precious honesty , she 's the one out there on the line . and the only reason she 's out there be to give you something to ao ..- tally and warren look at each other , a long terrible beat as John merino , realise vhat he have say , break off . . warren ( to tally ) you do what you want . I be 's : gning off . warren toss the script to John merino , then turn and walk back through the gather crowd toward the street . int . tally & warren 's house -~ night -- tally atwater just home from the capitol , run upstairs . tally Pov -- warren justice throw a few shirt into a bag in the bedroom . - 105 - tally atwater you walk out on I . the whole show could have fall apart . you let John get between we and you leave I up there alone . warren justice I be there because you dream up a job for I . you dream it up and then you buy it for I . ( look at she ) you have any idea how that feel ? tally atwater anything I do be for we . warren justice " yg " have be the problem ever since I come up here . tally atwater we be not the problem . you be the prob - jem . you want to stay in Houston and protect yourself and not ever get you hand dirty . you do not want to play . warren justice I tell you that . tally atwater . you be afraid you would not win . warren justice you nre not a fast study but you finally get it . tally atwater I be # 0 sick of try to make this work all by syseif . warren ( pick up bag ) you do not have to try any more . tally atwater I be so sick ... ( register the bag ) .e- where be you go ... I do not want you to go ... can not ... warren pause on he way out to touch tally 's face . ~~ Te - 106 - warren justice you will ] be all right , tal . tally atwater I love you . {as he exit ) why do you have to punish I for it . ext . tally & warren 's S house -- night -- the light be see slowly be turn off froa room to room . int . bedroom -- night -- tally on the bed , unable to sleep . the scanner be on , low volume . angle on tally . shut she eye , then bury she face in the pillow . int . bedroom -~ night -~ later -- the scanner still on , low volume , as tally doze . dispatcher on scanner .« 2 all unit , the situation at the Homes - burg federal penitentiary have be upgrad - ed ... any of you out there in ... ( tally begin to wake ) weethe National Guard , be advise you be on alert ... here 's a update ... prisoner have take control of two cellblock ... tally hear a doorbell ringing and bang on the door . dispatcher on scanner «eeand unverify be hold 10 to 12 hostage ... mainly guard and medical ... tally race to throw the door open , hope to see Warren . tally 's Pov -- ned pushing past her , lugging a camera ned homesburg . out of control . infirmary 's on fire . two guard offed ... int. bedroom -- might -- tally throwing on clothes dispatcher on scanner — _ — — of - - 107 - ... now confirm that two guard be dead upend notification of next of kin ... tally atwater warren say this could happen tonight . ned ( a flash of anger ) so where be the prophet ? tally atwater my husband ? ned ( a beat ) I be sorry , tal . ext . homesburg federal penitentiary -- night -- tally & ned haul they equipment past a chaotic sea of van , floodlights and reporter as they try to get closer to the guard station serve as a emergency control center . on a loudspeaker : loudspeaker ..- let I repeat . the demand you make be unacceptable in present form ... another angle ~~ network helicopter landing . deafen noise . tech roll equipment out . ned shit , the network be already here ... tally ( to a reporter ) how many hostage ... reporter go estimate be eight guard and a prison doctor ... tally atwater anybody go inside yet ? reporter ( sarcastically ) oh sure , it 's a pool event ... another angle -- the guard station where police & prison official & reporter watch a close - cir - cuit tv show a empty corridor with a wall telephone . ~~ tr er teor ~- 108 - angle on tally push she way through , then whisper to another reporter : tally atwater what be we watch ? second reporter the cell block where the leadership reet . B block , I think ... angle on gary logan a ibs reporter identify by he press tag , trail sound man , cameramen , and the entitlement accrueng to a network tean . to ned , who have a a ibs affiliate 's logo on he camera . gary logan ( peremptory ) Gary Logan . the Governor 's go to be briefing I . pick I up some locator . tally ( to Gary Logan ) get you own locator . ( to a official ) Excuse I , sir , be that B block or ... another angle -- the close circuit screen where a inmate can be see hold a guard at gunpoint . be - hind he , a second inmate , barechest and richly tattooe , enter the frame and pick up the telephone . second inmate ( into the phone ) --.we have a statement to make to the press and to the people of ... governor mcbride «-- cut the sound ... no statement ... angle on the close circuit screen as the first inmate stick he weapon into the guard 's ear . second inmate ( into the phone ) ..- you hear we statement now , okay ... angle on governor mike mcbride in frantic talk with he aide , the press try to listen in . ~~ rr sr cr tere - 109 - governor mcbride ... €ll right , make you statement ... angle on tally jeans in see the screen , then whisper excitedly to ned : tally atwater tne guy talk . remenber hin ? ned' Pov -- the close circuit screen where the second inmate , tattoo now clearly visible -- Jesus Christ with crown of thorns , cross , " eternally Rosario " -- put on glass and prepare to read . he be fernando buttanda . fernando onscreen we here of dignity . what you call a criminal be only a man of extreme ... ned val ... the daddy of the New Year 's kid . federico ...no ... fernando onscreen .-e@ Ban who rob a 7 - 11 rather than the dignity of a fellow human be ... tally ( to ned ) ..eFernando ... keep close , ready to move . another angle -- governor mike mcbride try to interrupt Fernando on the telephone . do oeeI be sure you devance be legiti - nate , Mr. buttanda , and I plan to appoint a commission to study this situation ... tally ( pull at he sleeve ) Governor ... excuse I , sir ... if you could just tell he tally atwater be here ... governor mc bride try to shake tally off as a cop move in . mcbride ( to the cop ) get she out of here ... tally flail at the cop as she shout at the expose receiver . — e — _ — _ — — _rm be eer - 110 - tally atwater Fernando ... it 's tally . -- tally atwater ... from Houston ...e ] nifio del afio nuevo ... fernandito ...como esta fernandito .. '' Si ? que bueno . .. ned the wife 's name .. equick ... ned ..- aug ... aug .. - augustina ... tally atwater ~..y augustina ... esta buena ? gary logan who be this local girl ... mcbride ( into the phone ) ..ea blue-ribbon panel ... under my personal supervision ... ( listen ) that would be ... inappropriate ... governor mcbride listen a beat , then hold the phone out . mcbride ( to tally ) he want to talk ... to you . tally ( take the phone ) Fernando ... como esta usted ... si , si , tally ... Houston ... todo el ] mundo...si... fer - nando , yo quiero a hablar con ustede ... ( to anyone ) what 's the word for inside ... wed adentro ... tally ( into the phone ) adentro . 81 . solo. con wi ...cameraman oo8i , bi , si ... ned ... ( cover the receiver ) Governor ... Mr. buttanda want to see we . aide we can not let a unarm woman inside ... tally atwater Governor McBride , I buy you time . angle on gary logan ee - 111 - move close to tally as they watch the governor huddle with he aide . finally , reluctantly , the governor nod at tally . angle on the other reporter & cameramen pick up they gear , ready to move . tally atwater uh uh . this deal be just I and ned . gary logan ( combatively ) the girl go in , I go in with she ... tally atwater hold out the telephone to Gary Logan . tally atwater ask he . do he want to see you or I . his name be Fernando buttanda . his girl friend 's nane be Rosario . his wife 's nane be augustina . they have tive daughter ... logan back off and tally hand the phone back to the governor . videotape -- tally atwater in the prison exercise yard dramatically floodlit , with Fernando and other inmate . tally atwater onscreen ... the story of what 's happen tonight at homesburg prison begin here in the ex - ercise yard , just after sunset , when .. ext . prison yard -- prisoner talking to tally -~ day this interview be intercut throughout the sequence . sone prisoner wear ski mask . other preen for the camera . fernando buttanda +-- you no have to worry , tally , you be un - my protection , nobody will fuck you ... do prisower # 1 you expect I to respect you sy - justice when you put a rapist back brick before you let a junkie out ? prisoner # 2 if I could leave today , man , I know three people I 'o kill , just bigger than shit ... gif g '' - 112 - int . philadelphia HOTEL lobby -- day -- warren justice drop a plastic bag of laundry at the bell desk . ( to the bellman ) if you could send this down ... warren' Pov -- a SMALL mute tv set behind the bell desk on which tally & fernando be see in the floodlit prison yard . tally atwater onscreen I have here a new list of demand ... angle on warren who grab the reacte from the bell desk , and flick up the volume , totally absorb by what he see . bellman you already miss the back - by-seven ..- warren' Pov -~ tally & fernando onscreen fernando onscreen ...we get four people in a two man cell ... you get to watch you ass , tally ... warren justice o. the New Year 's layette ... int . khou newsroom -- day -- tally atwater 's pace appear on all the monitor . JOHN merino and am assistant watch and juggle ringing telephone . dialogue overlap . tally atwater onscreen the mood this morning here at honesburg be a nixture of despair and determination ... assistant ( into phone ) «hold , please ... ( on a extension ) wfil News ... that 's right ... she 's ours ... another angle -~ warren justice stride in , watch the screen as he take off he jacket . assistant ( another call ) - 113 - ... wfil News ... who be this ? BBC ... warren ( to the assistant ) tell they we can arrange a uplink ... ( to John merino ) tally talk to the superintendent at homesburg last week , the film be on file . merino ( stiff ) okay , you see this come , I do not ... warren justice you have not be sleep , eat and breathe prison . I have . which be why I want you to let I handle this . merino ( resist ) I think you want out . warren justice I be wrong . JOHN merino it 's always be you problem . something do not go you way , you fold . warren ( evenly ) you name it , I / 11 cop to it . the freight be palpable . finally John merino shrug . warren you never could hold a grudge , John ... ( ansver a phone ) shit yes , it 's ongoing ... angle on warren -- later -- on another call warren ( into phone ) ee enegative . you can send down anybody you want , but we can not get he in ... ( to the assistant ) «-- gall khou Houston , melba cooke , tell she I need tally 's New Year 's baby feed ... angle on warren -- later -- yet another call warren ( into phone ) --- you want coverage , she 's inside , you be not , that 's bottom line ... - 114 - ( to John merino ) get somebody to find the wife . augustina buttanda , probably still in Houston ... warren 's Pov -- tally on the monitor , signing off tally atwater onscreen .s- tally atwater , inside homesburg pris - on ... wait ... we may have a further devel - opment here ... . warren hand a container of coffee to John merino . warren ( into the phone ) you want specialize coverage , you still use we reporter ... take it or leave it . tally atwater onscreen ( display a m - 16 ) - I have here a m - 16 automatic rifle ... from the prison armory ... which be now under inmate control ... after a skirmish that leave two more guard dead ... merino ( watch ) it would make sense to pull she out . warren justice definitely it would , if we be in the personal jon business . but as it stand we be in the news business . ext . homesburg prison yard -- night -- fernando buttanda show tally atwater wear snapshot of he family . fernando buttanda -.eand this be a’hija carmela ... tally ( sorting it out ) --.one of augustina 's little giris ... fernando buttanda .-here ... remember fernandito ? sig boy now , go to day care ... fernandito with Rosario ... pernandito with augustina ... tally atwater but augustina 's you wife ... - 118 - fernando buttanda sure , that 's why she help Rosario with fernandito ... Rosario and fernandito , aug - ustina and the girl , I be not there , they help out , they make a ok little family ... tally abruptly lonely as she give the picture a last look . int . prison cell -- night -- tally atwater sit on the floor against a bunk , leg outstretch . another angle -- nzd on the bunk , idly massage tally 's neck ned how come we never make it ? tally atwater do not we ? ned ( a beat ) so what do you vant when ...if ... we get out of here ? close on tally <= no makeup , she face vulnerable and hurt . tally atwater a ok little fanily . videotape -- ibs evening news -- angle on tom orr tom orr »seWhat 's the outlook , tally , for get through tonight without further violence ? angle o8 tally , at the prisow tally atwater «inside homesburg , Tom , the outlook ... videotape -- night special -- tom orr with prison expert listen to a live feed from inside the prison . angle on tally -~- with inmate setting fire in the b.g. tally atwater -.- the scene inside honesburg , Tom , be - main ominous . Water and electricity have be cut off , and there be report that - 116 - National Guard unit be prepare ..-- int . wfil newsroom -~ night -- warren & bucky terranova watch tally on the monitor in the nearly empty newsroom . bucky terranova she 's tough . warren justice not as tough as she think she be . pretty fragile . actually . bucky terranova I get the call . ibs want to see she . ( a beat , shrewdly ) you go to make it hard for she ? warren pick up he jacket and knot he tie . warren justice no , bucky , I be not go to make it hard for she . bucky ( press it ) you know how close she be ... angle on warren know that he be lose she . almost to himself , reneabering : warren justice twenty - five foot from the big enchilada . videotape -- ibs evening news -- theme music , then logo , then tiln of matioual guard storhing prisow angle on tom orr -- SOUND of gunfire in the b.g. onscreen tom orr finally . today at dawn , National Guard troops storm homesburg , inging to a end the bloodiest prison ' ciot since ... ext . homesburg prison -- day ~~ wational guardshem flood the main gate to the prison , now in charge . another angle -- national guardsmen - 117 - load ambulance with the wounded and dead . another angle -- the guard tower where more guardsman be now in control . another angle -- the arm of a dead prisoner protrude from a unzip | body bag , and on the arm a tattoo that say '' ET ! y ro another angle -- ned shoot tally atwater by Fernando 's body as it be load onto a ambulance . tally ( to the camera ) Fernando buttanda die this morning just before four , after one of the firefight that launch the National Guard 's drive to retake homesburg from its inmate . ( tally touch the body ) Fernando ... be not a good man ay society 's standard . int . wfil newsroom -- day -- warren justice and JOHN merino stare , mesnerize , at tally atwater 's feed on a monitor . tally onscreen .eshe be not even a good man by he own standard . he be repeatedly convict of arped robbery ... ext . homesburg prison -- day -- tally atwater anda begin to see another to way support he wife , they : tive daughter , and Rosa - rio mota , the mother of he son fernand - ito . he be learn nursing skill . he volunteer to work in the prison hospi - tal , at some risk to himself , with violent patient . he be good at it . he like go it ... tally pause , and for a moment she seem about to break , but she recover . - 118 - tally atwater wes month ago , Governor George McBride , who be campaigning for relection on the pledge to '' refora " Pennsylvania prison , cancel this job-train program , sign - ing a act confine inmate to they cell . this act be the beginning of the trouble here at homesburg . I recently ask gov-ernor McBride how he could de - scribe the permanent warehouse of pris - oner as a reform . repeated offender , he say , forfeit the right to rehabilita - tion . " a prison be about punishment , " he add , '' it 's not about another chance . " Fernando and he child know that now . this be tally atwater ... ext . homesburg prison -- day -- tally and ned exit the prison by a side gate . another angle -~- cameramen , photographer and reporter surround tally , take she picture , throw question . another angle -- warren justice apart from the group , watch tally . close on tally as she sees warren and run into he ara : they first meeting since he leave . in command throughout the siege , she now weep uncontrollably . tally atwater I be afraid to come out because I think you might not be here . int . holland tunnel -- day -- a limousine move into the bright light of a sunny Manhattan day . int . limousine -- day -- tally atwater sit next to bucky terranova seen preoccupy , withdraw . bucky terranova rello ... you with we ? tal ? another tack ) it 's a do deal . meet and greet ... LA - 119 < tally look up at the tower reflect off the sun roof . tally atwater sure . int . 30 rockefeller CENTER -- day -~ bucky terranova guide tally to the security desk for the network . bucky ( to the page ) tally atwater for Mark lindner ... ( kiss tally ) this be as far as I go ... int . reception area executive floor -- day -- tally atwater exit elevator and walk down the corridor to the receptionist . angle on photo blowup lining the reception area wall show ibs star under the network logo . tally pause a halt beat as she pass the photo of joanna kennelly . int . MARK lindner 's office -- day -- a secretary open the door . tally stand in the doorway for a moment . tally 's Pov -- the very large office with three tv set set in the wall , each show tally in a freeze frame : tally at homesburg , tally at the wfil anchor desk , and tally -- a surprise ~~ at the Houston ship Channel . another angle ~- MARK lindner the head of the news division move to greet she . there be two other man in the room , buford sell and gabe lawrence . MARK lindner Ms. atwater , I be Mark lindner , it 's good of you to come see we . would you like some coffee ? Soft drink , mineral water ... ( to the secretary you know what call to put through , Karen . the secretary exit as Mark lindner introduce tally . MARK lindner this be gabe lawrence ... - 120 - gabe lawrence nod but do not offer he hand . MARK lindner «+.and buford sell ... buford sell offer he hand . after a beat tally take it . MARK lindner for better or worse we be the three muske ~ teer who run the news division ... that be quite a job you do for we at homesburg ... gabe lawrence of course we have Gary Logan there . tally . ( look at he ) outside . angle on buford sell laughing MARK lindner let 's get down to the business at hand . ( sit down , study a paper ) I never fail to be impressed the bulldog tenac - ity of some agent when it come to they cli - ent . this be a proposal from a agent who de - mand everything for he client but the moon . ( a le ) no wonder gabe be peckish . ( a beat : ) however : on balance I recognize that talent be we only asset . which be why I have decide to tell this bulldog agent ... that we be to give you ... exactly what he want . tally say nothing . after a beat : buford sell you know , I work with you husband . when Warren justice ... : close ow tally buford sell --- teach you the nevs business , you stay teach . not nothing Warren can not do , include get get the fuck 2 walk back ~ wi the peabody hote : Memphis ever tell you that story , miz atwater ? - 121 ° int . italian restaurant -- night -- warren alone in a booth set for two , hear the door and look up . warren 's Pov -- tally entering the restaurant kiss he and slide into the booth across from hia . tally atwater Warren ... warren motion wait , pour the wine and touch she glass . warren justice now tell I . tally atwater I ...love ... you . warren justice tell I what they say . -- tally ( reluctant ) they say ... Washington bureau , weekend anchor evening news . warren pick up a menu and study it , then put it down . justice , it 's no good if you do not say yes , tal . ( e eere 's no good I mean have be no ° ( take she hand ) 4 i i for tally ( low , fierce ) it would not be that way . warren justice ~ two cop-out ? happily ever after ? wot in the card . ( a beat ) while you be busting you ass at hone - — p — - — ria y - 122 - burg ... I make some call . it 's about to hot up again in Central America . nobody 's on it , because the net pull out ... ( a beat ) all right , it will not be a day at the beach . that 's what make the payoff so big . ( a beat ) I go down and get this , tal , I have get a narrow ... but definite . .. window of opportu - nity myself . and if that happen ... and we get lucky ... renember what I gaid go in ? '' 's she ) . and if we get lucky ... tally ( faintly ) -. gold . int . airport boarding gate -~ night -- tally and warren tally atwater listen . renenber what you use to tell I in bouston ... warren justice I use to tell you a lot of thing . tally ( recite ) do not go in unless you know how to get warren justice ( smile ) .» and where you can feed . warren pick up he bag . as if try to delay he leave : tally atwater . we have not have enough time ... warren justice Babe , every day we have have be one day more than have another angle <-~ the agent at the boarding desk agent ( into nike ) «+ Flight 45 for and tegucigalpa be now in its final board process ... ail passenger should be aboard ... angle on warren justice ) - 123 - kissing tally , then turn and walk into the jetway . just before disappear he pause , and turn . warren ( to tally ) - hey . stay upwind . int . wfil newsroom -~- day -- ned snap Polaroid as JOHN merino fill paper cup with champagne at tally 's farewell party . tally atwater excited , happy , anda little sentimental , raise she paper cup . tally atwater nis be for Warren ... who call last night _ ae from someplace I could not pronounce ... and he say just call it hog heaven ... int . tally 's and warren' bedroom -- night -- tally atwater surround by pack carton , the scanner on , chatter to ned . tally atwater .2- 80 I be in Washington Monday through Thursday ... then I come up to New York to do the weekend news ... I get a Sunday night shuttle back down unless I have a wash - ton honcho on the Sunday morning show ... another angle -- a moving man enter with a half -filled BOX ned ( eye the scanner ) I guess you scanner day be over ... tally ( unplug it ) ocoit 's yours ... the telephone ring and tally reach for it tally ( answer ) hello ... ( tensing a little ) this be Mrs. justice ... tally listen , then , still hold the phone , sit on the bed . we know that she world have fall apart but be not sure why . after a beat , wordless , she hold out the phone to o_o ns - 124 - : ned ( into the phone ) yes ... where ... when .... I see ...how ... hold on tallyns pace as ned , still on the phone , put he hand on she shoulder . fullscreen -~ associated PRESS ticker as it click off the word : huehuetenango , guatemala : a amer - ican newsman , warren justice , be reported kill today in skirmish NORTH of here ... int . tally & warren' bedroom -~ night -- tally sit on the floor in the empty room , hugging she knee . another angle -- ned : hold out he hand to tally , whose face be wet with tear . ned come on , tal . tally ~ we wake up every morning in this room . fullscreen -- a second ticker as it click off : tegucipgalpa , honduras : information remains sretchy in the death of U.S. newsman ... fullscreen -- a third ticker as it click off : WASHINGTON , D.C. : the death yesterday of ts gteid tmgure tat0 mia appear 10 be.e fullscreem -- banner headline reading : ; inquiry spread into covert action in central america ext . general aviation airport -- day -- a corporate jet bear the ibs logo touch down and begin to slow . angle on joanna kennelly wait on the tarmac . ee — _ — - 125 - another angle -- later -- tally atwater exit the jet with a ibs film pouch . she give the film to joanna . joanna check the label as tally watch the plane . joanna kennelly we block a hour tonight for a special report . it 's already a firestora . tally atwater do that make it worth it ? angle on a forklift lifting a coffin off the plane joanna kennelly he would say so . hold on tally as the coffin be lowered into a waiting van tally atwater you still love he . do not you . joanna kennell we have a good tine toucther for a while . ( a beat ) he want to spend the rest of he life with you . tally atwater he could have . joanna kennelly he vant to earn it first . tally say nothing , she eye fill with tear . joanna kenwelly that 's what you give he . you make he want something again . want it bad enough to go after it ... int . ibs news set -- night -- theme music as ibs anchor tom orr look up from the desk . tom orr this be the ibs evening news ... I be Tom Orr «eethe picture emerge in the wake of the death of former ibs newsman Warren justice in Guatemala be beginning to seem uncor - -- ~— - 126 - fortably close to home to some ... int . ibs news control room -- night -~- a bank of monitor some show tom orr , the rest a photograph of warren justice . tom orr onscreen ..- people in Washington ... ibs have just now processing film obtain by justice in the ' @ay before he death ... fullscreen -- one of the monitor showing warren justice now with the graphic : warren justice -- 1949-1994 tom orr onscreen ..eand which will be show during a one hour network special at ten this evening , nine central time ... information in 's film appear to change the face of ... — int . ibs control room -- buford sell and tally watch the screen show tom orr and warren and the graphic . buford sell ( softly ) sure do get that damn duck to walk backward again , do not you , Warren . ( leok at tally ) told you , he always could . he just do not always want to . hold on tally dissolve to : fullscreen -- a huge onstage monitor showing tally atwater as we have repeatedly see she : against the seanless backdrop . tally atwater onscreen .+- it be in Houston where I really learn this business ... int . HOTEL ballroom -- day -- angle on other monitor and on banner read " ibs affiliate meeting " . tally atwater onscreen --- learn my abc , pay my due , earn - 127 - my wound stripe ... learn that when you get knock down , you get up again ... angle on a monitor where a clean up version of luanne 's interview play over the snappily edit snap of tally as a child . luanne v.o. sallyanne be one of that kid always want to move on . she know exactly what she want ... . angle on luanne proud in the audience . angle on a monitor -- tally onscreen tally onscreen how do I get to Houston ? I do a demo ... tally demo tape appear onscreen tally onscreen --. why hire Sally ? because ... I '' Sally ... and I be go to be a star . another angle <-- tally atwater offstage compose and expressionless as she demo be freeze on all the monitor . behind she be buford sell and MARK lindner . quick angle on the audience where John merino , Doug dun , ned breslin , joanna kennelly , and Tom Orr be clap . angle on MARK linoner -~ striding centerstage MARK lindner lady and gentlene , it 's time to begin a new generation at ibs ... tally atwater ... angle on all the monitor -- tally nos demo frozen onscreen the image of the girl who need everything and have nothing . angle om tally -~ as she take centerstage - 128 - tally ( quietly ) when I be in high school I use to imag - ine stand up at something like this . I think it would be about glory . show people . ( a beat ) it 's different . somebody tell I it would . be , and I do not believe he , but now that b I '' stand here I know it . it 's about do the job right . do right by the job . earning the right to be somebody other people trust . that 's worth some - thing . ( a beat ) my husband tell I that . a long time ago . music up & hold on tally : and the audience applaud as laser light sweep the roca . '' novo ~ —