up in the AIR written by Jason reitman &amp ; sheldon Turner secure you own mask before assist other . - common pre-flight instruction 1. a spotlight reveal ryan bingham stand at a podium . he unzip a backpack and set it down beside he . ryan how much do you life weigh ? Ryan pause to let we consider this . ryan ( cont 'd ) imagine for a second that you be carry a backpack ... I want you to feel the strap on you shoulder ... you feel they ? ( give we a beat ) now , I want you to pack it with all the stuff you have in you life . start with the little thing . the stuff in drawer and on shelf . the collectable and knick -knack . feel the weight as it add up . now , start add the larger stuff . you clothes , table top appliance , lamp , linen , you tv . that backpack should be get pretty heavy at this point - go bigger . you couch , you bed , you kitchen table . stuff it all in ... you car , get it in there ... you home , whether you have a studio apartment or a two story house , I want you to stuff it into that backpack . Ryan take a beat to let the weight sink in . ryan ( cont 'd ) now try to walk . we hear people around we chuckle . Ryan smile . reveal : int . HOTEL conference room - afternoon the kind that shift between lower income corporate retreat and lower income wedding . the few dozen people seem to be visualize as tell . ryan ( cont 'd ) kinda hard , be not it ? this be what we do to ourselves on a daily basis . we weigh ourselves down until we can not even move . and make no mistake - move be live . 2 . we see nodd . people 's gear turn . ryan ( cont 'd ) now , I be go to set you backpack on fire . what do you want to take out of it ? photo ? photo be for people who can not remember . drink some gingko and let the photo burn . in fact let everything burn and imagine waking up tomorrow with nothing . ( a beat of emphasis ) it 's kind of exhilate be not it ? that be how I approach every day . a titter through the crowd . int . boeing 757 - day a female flight attendant be look directly at we . female flight attendant do you want the cancer ? turn to see ryan look back . handsome . anonymous . right now - confused . ryan Excuse I ? female flight attendant ( same delivery ) do you want the cancer ? Ryan furrow - what the hell be go on here ? the flight attendant raise she hand to reveal a can of soda . female flight attendant the can , sir ? ryan oh ... no . um , no thank you . the flight attendant move to the next aisle . Ryan take a beat , then return to he work . int . SMALL conference room , SUN casualty - day two word - subordinate chic . 3. seat at a tiny table be ryan . the grim reaper in a suit . we see a series of real people react to the news of be fire . they should be non-actor ( actual victim of recent layoff ) that can react organically to the news with authenticity . some be hurt . other be upset and even abusive . the series conclude with ... steve ( a actor ) ... who 's on the verge of tear . steve who the fuck be you ? freeze on Ryan . ryan ( v.o . ) excellent question . who the fuck be i? poor Steve have work here for seven year . flash image : int . steve's cubicle - day ryan ( v.o . ) he 's never have a meeting with I before ... int . conference room - day Steve in a small meeting . ryan ( v.o . ) ... or pass I in the hall ... int . elevator bridge - day Steve pass a female coworker . ryan ( v.o . ) ... or tell I a story in the break room .... int . break room - day Steve laugh at a coworker 's story . 4. ryan ( v.o . ) and that 's because I do not work here . I work for another company that lend I out to pussy like Steve 's boss ... int . steve's boss's office - day Steve 's boss sit at he desk . subtitle read - " a Big pussy " ryan ( v.o . ) ... who do not have the ball to sack they own employee . and in some case , for good reason . because , people do crazy shit when they get fire . flash image : Steve wipe off he boss 's desk . Steve shred sensitive document . Steve pour bleach into the communal coffee pot . Steve load a assault rifle . he stand up to get a view of he coworker on a coffee break . back to : int . SMALL conference room - day Steve be try to hold it together . ryan ( v.o. ) and that 's where I come in . steve what do I ... do ? what could I have do differently here ? ryan this be not a assessment of you productivity . it 's important not to personalize this . Steve scoff at this . Ryan slide Steve a packet . 5 . ryan ( cont 'd ) Steve , I want you to review this packet . take it seriously . I think you be go to find a lot of answer in there . steve ( dismissive ) oh , I be sure it 's go be really helpful . ryan ( cont 'd ) look , anybody who ever build a empire , or change the world , sit where you be now . and it 's because they sit there that they be able to do it . and just for a moment , Steve look hopeful . ryan ( cont 'd ) I be go to need you key card . steve right ... Steve begin remove it from he wallet . ryan take the day . put together you personal thing . talk to you co - worker . tomorrow , go out and get some exercise . go for a jog . give yourself routine and pretty soon you will find you leg . Steve nod and get up to leave . just as he 's about to walk out , he stop and turn back . steve wait , how do I get in touch with you ? ryan do not worry . we will be in touch soon . this be just the beginning . Steve nod and exit the room . ryan ( v.o. ) I will never see Steve again . 6 . int . ryan be room - phoenix hilton - day the choreography of Ryan 's pack be worthy of tchaikovsky . a coat slide off a hanger ... a travel toothbrush fold close like a switchblade ... a briefcase click onto a roll - away bag ... a hand flip a light switch without look . int . lobby , phoenix hilton - day Ryan be at the check out desk . checkout girl do you have you Hilton honor Card with you ? Ryan smile ... " do I ? " he hand it to she , close enough to camera , that we get a nice big close up of it . she run the card and the screen pop up with information that make she blush . checkout girl oh my God ... do you like , live , at the Hilton ? Ryan nod in faux modesty . ext . outdoor car return , hertz rent-a-car - day Ryan pull up to one of the space mark with the # 1 gold president club emblem . he hop out and a uniform man with a handheld device begin to punch in the license plate number . Ryan pull out he hertz president club card and place it nice and close to lens so we can see it . the card slide through the handheld device and we see the digital number increase by a few thousand point . int . MAIN concourse , phoenix sky harbor intl airport - day the automated glass door slide open . Ryan enter the concourse and take a deep breath of the temperately control air . he have arrive . ryan ( v.o. ) this be where I live . subtitles - " airworld " 7. Ryan skip the long line and step directly into the aadvantage executive platinum line . glorious close - up of Ryan 's aadvantage executive platinum card slide through the automate machine . be it any sexier , we would hear a moan . maybe we even do . immediately , the airport clerk register and perk up . airport clerk pleasure to see you again , Mr. bingham . ryan ( v.o. ) when I run my card , the system automatically prompt the desk clerk to greet I with this exact statement . we see it again ... airport clerk pleasure to see you again , Mr. bingham . Ryan nod back to the clerk . ryan ( v.o. ) have my status simply be gold or god-forby , silver . I might have get a hello or a smile ... maybe . Ryan continue to hit button , swiftly check in . ryan ( v.o. ) loyalty be earn and reward with this small touch . it 's this kind of systemize friendly touch that keep my world in orbit . a ticket begin printing . Ryan snap it up . int . security - phoenix sky harbor intl airport - same Ryan step up and observe he line choice . he find a few asian businessman and hop in behind they . jump CUT to : 8. ryan moving through the security screening it 's a beautiful choreograph ballet of a bag handle collapse , shoe come off , a laptop go in a separate tray , wallet and watch slide into a shoe , a board card slide into a back pocket ... both hand always move , perform separate action ... it really be gorgeous . int . american admiral club - same Ryan enter and present he admiral club card . it have a hologram . the admiral club hostess immediately smile . admiral club hostess welcome back , Mr. bingham . Ryan walk past a stack of newspaper on the way to the buffet , the whole time frame by a enormous window overlook the tarmac . ryan ( v.o. ) all the thing you probably hate about travel - the recycle air . the artificial lighting . the digital juice dispenser and mini pizza stack to they heat lamp be the warm reminder that I be home . with that comment , Ryan slide into a leather club seat . a digital display read : " thank you for you loyalty " . he open he briefcase and pull out he itinerary . he scan it . we see a string of flight , car rental , and stay at hiton . then , something make he frown . he pull out he cell phone and dial ... intercut with : int . assistant's desk , ctc - day Ryan 's assistant , Kevin , be not happy to be there . kevin Ryan bingham 's office . ryan you have I in a dodge stratus in Kansas City . kevin they be completely out of all full size sedan ... 9. ryan ( interrupt ) do you ?... kevin ( not the first time ) yes , I remind they of you remarkable # 1 gold Club status and year in the program . they be move mountain to see you in a sebring . ryan Fair enough . any other message ? kevin you sister kara call . need to speak urgently about you sister 's wedding . I tell she you be midair and not even I know you final destination . ryan well do . kevin and you get a invitation to speak at goalquest in Vegas . Ryan pause . ryan goalquest twenty ? flash image : int . HOTEL corridor - night we push in on a easel with a sign that feature ryan be headshot . underneath he name , it read : " what 's in you backpack ? " int . SMALL conference room , HOTEL - night Ryan deliver he speech with a smile . ryan ( v.o. ) every once in a while I do speak engagement . motivational kind of stuff . but goalquest ... we be talk major tony robbin shit . 10 . int . admiral club - same Kevin examine the invitation emblazon with a big " xx " . kevin it 's get a hologram . they be call it do equis . that 's some pretty major tony robbin shit there . ryan talk about bury the lead . ( exhales ) I will check in when ... kevin hold on , I have Craig Gregory for you ... ryan I ... ah , fuck ... intercut with : int . craig gregory's office , ctc - day four word - store-bought sport memorabilia . craig gregory how 's the road warrior ? ryan twenty minute from board into a world of bliss . craig gregory great number out of Phoenix . you know Big Auto be go to drop another 10 k this month . ryan no kid ? craig gregory yeah , Christmas come early . wish I could have you in five place at once . I need you back in omaha by the end of the week . ryan I think you need I everywhere . 11 . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) we get something big - game changer . ryan I do not know why you ever bring I in . wherever I go , the money follow . let I plant seed , they will grow to oak . Craig check out a cute intern . craig gregory I be think of plant seed right now . ryan what be we talk about here ? craig gregory you will see . ( change direction ) today , I take my first crap in two week . hallelujah . ryan that 's I , hang up on you . craig gregory good . I love that sound . int . boeing 757 - day Ryan sit one row behind the bulkhead . Left side . aisle . ryan ( v.o. ) to know I be to fly with I . I be the aisle , you be the window - trap . reveal - a man next to Ryan . some businessman between city . he talk , drink in hand , but we do not hear he . ryan ( v.o. ) we start chat , impersonally at first . we moderate politics , we sink opinion on the american service industry . 12 . businessman and ryan making suggestion ryan ( v.o. ) you recommend a hotel in Tulsa . I tip you off to a rib joint in Fort Worth . businessman tell a joke . he hand gesture . ryan ( v.o. ) you tell I you best joke . I have hear it before , but listen anyway . Ryan laugh out loud . turbulence . the businessman tightens he seat belt . ryan ( v.o. ) nothing like turbulence to cement a bond . soon you be tell I about family . the man speak about something that obviously disturb he . ryan ( v.o. ) you wife just go back to work but you can not intervene because you sure could use the extra paycheck and besides , last June she read some book and wake up one morning a feminist . the man leans back , arm crossed , with a far off look . ryan ( v.o. ) and that if you windfall ever come through , you would quit and spend the rest of you day restore vintage speedboat . ( say it with he ) the water . that 's where you belong . ext . tarmac , dallas fort worth airport - day they plane land . int . boeing 757 - day as the plane begin to taxi to the gate , both Ryan and the businessman pull out they card . 13 . ryan ( v.o. ) we exchange card and slot they next to countless other . the dull bell " ding " to let we know it 's safe to stand . Ryan and the businessman get up and open the overhead . ryan ( v.o. ) fast friend be not my only friend , but my best friend . int . concourse , dallas fort worth airport - day Ryan and the businessman walk next to each , now completely ignore each other as if they never share a word . ryan ( v.o. ) sad ? not really . we be a busy bunch . I be peaceful . I be in my element here . I suppose I be a sort of mutation , a new species . I live between the margin of my itinerary . Ryan and the businessman reach a point that separate - connecting flight go leave / long term parking go right . they share a awkward smile with a nod , then head in they separate direction . int . brooks brother , dallas fort worth airport - day Ryan be check out tie when he cell phone ring . he check the i.d.- unavailable . he weigh it for a second . ryan ( pick up ) hello ? kara ( o.c. ) hi Ryan . Ryan mouth a silent " fuck " . intercut with : int . kara' kitchen - night kara be Ryan 's sister . her home overflow with book , photo , family collectable , and kid 's artwork . 14 . ryan ( v.o. ) every family have one person who be the glue . the one who keep the genealogy in check . that 's my sister kara - the glue . it just so happen that kara be gluing she daughter 's school project mobile together . ryan hey kara . kara how be you hold up ? ryan just fine . you ? the kid ? kara ( lying ) missy 's outstanding . Matthew make varsity . how 's the road ? Ryan exit the store and we realize we be in ... int . concourse , dallas fort worth airport - day Ryan hop onto a people mover . ryan could not be better . kara that 's good . so , Ryan ? ryan ( cautious ) yeah ? kara I do not even want to have to ask you for this , because I know how you be about ... do thing for other ... Ryan roll he eye . kara ( cont 'd ) but we be come in on three week to go for Julie 's wedding and there 's something we could really use you help on . 15 . ryan yeah . kara we have be send people this kit so they can print out photo of Julie and Jim on cardboard , and take photo of they in interesting place kind of like that gnome in the french movie . ryan why ? kara ( sigh ) because it 's Julie 's wedding ... and she think it 's fun . do it matter why ? ryan how be Julie ? kara would you call she ? she think you have turn to butter - disappear . you be awfully isolate , the way you live . ryan isolate ? I be surround . kara you assistant tell I you be go to be in Vegas . ryan do he ? kara can you get a photo of the cut - out in front of the luxor pyramid ? ryan that place be a shit hole . no one stay there . kara Jesus , Ryan , I be not ask you to check in . can you just take a stupid photo ? ryan I be go to try my best . kara well , thank you for try you best . 16 . int . bar lounge - houston hilton - evening Ryan sit at one of the couch &amp ; table set-up . he 's go over some paperwork . he notice a attractive professionally dress woman , alex , sifting through she purse . she set a pair of car key with a maestro tag on the table . ryan you be satisfied with maestro ? alex yeah , I be . ryan they be stingy with they mile . I like hertz . alex hertz keep its vehicle too long . if a car 's over twenty - thousand mile , I will not drive it . Ryan be intrigue . ryan maestro do not instant check out . I like to park and go . alex hertz do not guarantee navigation . ryan funny , you do not seem like a girl who need direction . alex I hate ask for direction . that 's why I get a nav . ryan the new outfit , Colonial , be not bad . alex be that a joke ? after a beat . ryan yes . alex they kiosk placement be a joke . 17 . ryan never have available upgrade . alex ( passionate ) it 's basically a fleet of shit box - do not know how they be still in business . ryan ( I love you ) I be Ryan . alex Alex . ryan so be you go to join I ? she break into a smile . jump CUT to : int . bar lounge - houston hilton - later that evening empty glass litter the table . Ryan and Alex have take over a couch and have the content of they wallet spread out - all membership card . ryan ( grab one of Alex 's card ) maplewood Card ? how dare you bring that into this palace . alex Hilton offer equal value and better food - but the maplewood give out warm cookie at check in . ryan they get you with the cookie ? alex I be a sucker for simulate hospitality . ryan there 's actually a industry term for that . it 's a mixture of faux and homey . it 's faumey . Alex grab Ryan 's american concierge key card . 18 . alex oh my God . I have hear about this , but never see one in person . be this a ...? ryan concierge key. yeah . alex I love the weight . ryan graphite . I be pretty excited the day that puppy come in . alex I will say . I put up pretty pedestrian number . sixty thou a year , domestic . ryan ( try ) that 's not bad . alex do not patronize I . what 's you total ? ryan that 's a personal question . alex oh please ... ryan ( playful ) I hardly know you . alex show some hubris . impress I . ( suggestive ) I bet it 's huge . ryan you have no idea . alex come on ... ( hold she hand eight inches apart ) be it this big ? ( extend a few inch ) ... this big ? 19 . ryan let 's just say I have get a number in mind and I have not hit it yet . Alex smile , fair enough . admire the concierge key card . alex this be pretty fuck sexy . ryan I hope it do not cheapen we relationship . alex we be two people who get turn on by elite status . we may have to settle for cheap . ryan there 's nothing cheap about loyalty . Alex look into Ryan 's eye and give he unspoken permission to take she right there and then . int . HOTEL hallway - night Ryan and Alex walk down a curve corridor , suppress laughter . there 's no adult way to go back to somebody 's hotel room . once at the door , Ryan try he key card , but it do not work . he reach into he pocket and come up with five other key card from recent trip . ryan I really have to start throw this out . he try a couple . alex we can always use that room with the ice machine . Ryan chuckle . he find the right key and open the door . int . ryan's suite , houston hilton - later that night everything be scattered from a marathon fuck . Ryan and Alex be lay on the bed , sprawle out on they back like murder victim . 20 . ryan good call on the towel rack . alex thanks . I like how you burrito I in the sofa cushion . ryan I be improvise . alex too bad we do not make it to the closet . ryan we get to do this again . jump CUT to : two laptop side by side ryan I be in Newark on the 12th , madesto on the 13th , Oklahoma City on the 15th . alex any Southwest ? I be swinging through albuquerque the week of the 16th ? ryan no , but I will be in Florida by the 20th . alex Miami ? ryan Ft. lauderdale . alex that 's nothing . ryan forty minute . they simultaneously type each other into they calendar . alex I should probably go back to my room so I can wake up in my bed . 21 . ryan I think that 's the lady like thing to do . int . HOTEL corridor - night Ryan drop Alex off at she door . she flip the " do not disturb " on she door handle and kiss Ryan good night . the door close . Ryan smile to himself . ext . houston hilton - next morning sprinkler do they job . one 's break . ext . houston hilton - morning look through the first floor window , we see Ryan do lap in the pool . int . lobby , houston hilton - morning Ryan get a shoe shine . int . lobby , houston hilton - day the clerk swipe Ryan card . ext . car drop off - maestro rent-a-car - day a car return clerk slide Ryan 's card through a device . int . check in desk , BUSH intercontinental airport - day Ryan swipe he frequent flier card through the automated machine . a female desk assistant notice the number , look up at Ryan , and have a tiny orgasm right there . int . boeing 757 - day Ryan look out the oval window to the landscape of omaha . 22 . ryan ( v.o. ) last year , I spend three hundred twenty two day on the road . int . kiss -n-fly , eppley airfield - day Ryan wheel pass a couple that leap into each other 's arm . ryan ( v.o. ) which mean that I have to spend forty three miserable day at home . ext . ryan's apartment build , omaha - day Ryan step up to a upscale building with little character , search for he key at the bottom of he bag . finally find they and open the front door . int . elevator , ryan's apartment build - day Ryan press he floor , when a nosey neighbor slide in . nosey neighbor Ryan ? ryan ( do not know he name ) hi ... nosey neighbor feel like it 's be month , busy man . we miss you at we summer party . ryan yeah , sorry I could not be there . nosey neighbor we have be try to get a vote on the new landscape . can I e-mail you the plan ...? we would love to get a final tally . ryan it 's fine . really . I will go with the majority . nosey neighbor sometimes I forget that you even live here . you could probably save money and move into a hotel . 23 . ryan ( dead serious ) I look into it , but the IRS require a permanent address for employment . otherwise , they classify you as a vagrant . ding ! - Ryan get off at he floor . nosey neighbor oh. int . ryan's apartment , omaha - day Ryan walk in and set he bag down . reveal - the place be empty ... like empty , empty . Ryan open the fridge - chinese take out . pizza box . bottle of vodka . take a whiff of something - not good . woman' voice hey neighbor . Ryan turn to find dianne , a pretty woman just shy of forty . ryan hey yourself . they hug - it 's just intimate enough to know they have violate the rule of sleep with you neighbor . dianne ( hand over a package ) I sign for this while you be go . ryan thanks . hope it be not a bother . Ryan open it and find the CUT - out of he sister Julie and she fiance Jim . it 's a eighteen inch card stock photo of Jim hugging Julie from behind . dianne ( re : photo ) they seem happy . ryan it 's my sister . she 's get marry . have not meet the guy yet . dianne lot of luck . 24 . ryan I know , right ? they share a smile . then , dianne go to leave . dianne it 's good to see you . feel like a while this time . ryan hey , you want to come over tonight ? dianne get a little uncomfortable . dianne actually , I kind of start see somebody . ryan oh , that 's ... that 's great . dianne yeah , we be have drink tonight if you want to come over . ryan that 's okay ... i' think I will settle in . dianne give a smile / nod and exit . Ryan take another long look at the CUT - out . he shake he head . ext . ctc headquarters , ctc - morning a downtown midsize high rise . int . conference room - day the company have pile in , stand room only . assistant and intern watch through the window . Craig address the group include he own superior . craig gregory just thrilled to have everyone under one roof . welcome home boy . a couple odd look from road warrior a decade he senior . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) I know there 's be lot of whisper about why we be all here . ( more ) 25 . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) retailer be down twenty percent . Auto industry be in the dump . house market do not have a heartbeat . this be we moment . it 's one of the worst time on record for America ... and I do not want to be stand here two year from now , wonder how we miss this window of opportunity . a strangely encourage response from the group . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) now , last summer we receive a dynamite young woman by way of Cornell . she challenge we with some big idea . my first reaction be , who do this kid think she be ? but when I start to give a listen , I be pretty knock out . so now , with a little peek into we future - Natalie keener . Natalie stand up . natalie if there 's one word I want to leave you with today , it 's this ... Natalie click on she power point presentation . power point slide : " glocal " everyone include Ryan attempt to pronounce it . natalie ( cont 'd ) glocal . power point slide : " global --- &gt ; local " natalie ( cont 'd ) we global must become local . power point slide : a slide show people X 250 . natalie ( cont 'd ) this company keep twenty three people on the road , at least two hundred fifty day a year . it 's expensive and it 's inefficient . when I come to Craig three month ago with this , he tell I , and quite astutely - it 's only a problem if you have a solution . ( more ) 26 . natalie ( cont 'd ) well , today I stand before you with jus that . she turn around and fire up she monitor . sitting in a video conference session be a young man in a suit . natalie ( cont 'd ) you all know ned in reception . various people say hello to ned . natalie ( cont 'd ) today , I be go to fire ned . ( aside ) sorry , ned . I be sure h.r. will hire you back this afternoon . ned smile . people chuckle in the conference room . one guy joke " do not count on it . " natalie ( cont 'd ) ned could be any employee in any one of we client 's location worldwide . Strategy packet would be ship in advance . ned would be give a seat and find one of we transition specialist wait for he . Natalie turn to the monitor and proceed to fire ned . it be a pretty dry process and lack Ryan 's charm . natalie ( cont 'd ) Mr. laskin , the reason we be have this conversation today be you position be no longer available . ned ( from a script ) I do not understand . I be fire ? natalie hear the word " you have be let go " be never easy . Change be always scary . but consider the follow - ( use Ryan 's line ) anybody who ever build a empire , or change the world , sit where you be now . and it 's because they sit there that they be able to do it . ryan ( quietly ) that 's my fuck line . 27 . ned well , what happen now ? natalie this be the first step of a process that will end with you in a new job that fulfill you . ned yeah , but , how do it work ? natalie I want you to take that packet in front of you . ned pick up the packet . natalie ( cont 'd ) Review it . all the answer you be look for be inside . start fill out the necessary information and before you know it , you will be on you way to new opportunity . ned start to peruse the packet with fake interest . natalie ( cont 'd ) now ned , I be go to need you to go back to you desk and start put together you thing . as a favor to I , I would appreciate it if you do not spread the news just yet . panic do not help anybody . ned I understand . natalie have a good day , Mr. laskin and good luck with you future . ned thank you . ned get up and go to leave . natalie give it up for ned . people clap and tease he a little . 28 . power point : a animation of one monitor become multiple monitor , all tie into a central switch board in the middle of a map of the country . natalie ( cont 'd ) you can start the morning in Boston , stop in Dallas over lunch and finish the day in San Francisco . all for the price of a t1 line . we inflate travel budget be eviscerate by eighty - five percent ... and most importantly to you guy on the road ... no more christmase in a hotel in Tulsa ... no more hour lose to weather delay ... you get to come home . Ryan be in a state of silent panic . int . craig gregory's office , ctc - moment later Ryan enter and stop short . ryan tell I you be not take this seriously . craig gregory yeah , that 's why we bring the entire company in from the road - because we be not take this seriously . ryan it do not make any sense . it 's ... ( searching ) ... completely impersonal . craig gregory who be I even talk to ? ryan there 's a methodology to what I do . a reason why it work . craig gregory Ryan , Coke and IBM have be do it for year . just like anything , there 's a few month of transition , but everyone settles in . ryan who be you take off the road ? 29 . a beat . craig gregory you do not get it . you be ground , Ryan . everyone be . it 's do . ryan okay , what we do here be brutal and leave people devastate , but there 's a dignity to the way I do it . craig gregory stab people in the chest instead of the back ? Ryan roll he eye . Craig 's door open and Natalie pop she head in . natalie you want to see I ? Craig go to wave she off . ryan yeah , why do not you come in . Natalie be confuse but take the chair next to Ryan . craig gregory great job in there , nat . natalie thank you . how 's everyone take it ? Natalie and Ryan hold a look for a second . ryan ( to natalie ) look , I appreciate you ... zeal . and you have some good idea . but you know nothing of the reality of my job . sure , you can set up a ichat ... but you do not know how people think . natalie actually , I minore in psychology . craig gregory Nice . ryan ( to natalie ) okay kiddo , fire I . 30 . craig gregory Ryan , stop it . ryan she 's go to be do this on a regular basis . you do not want to know if she can fire somebody ? craig gregory she just fire ned . ryan my dog could fire ned . ( to natalie ) Fire I . craig gregory Ryan . natalie it 's okay , I get this . Ryan and Natalie turn to face each other . natalie ( cont 'd ) Mr. bingham , I regret to inform you that you position be no longer available . ryan who the hell be you ? natalie my name be miss keener and I be here today to discuss you future . ryan my future ? I do not know you . the only person who can fire I be Craig Gregory . natalie Mr. Gregory hire I to handle this for he . ryan handle what ? handle I ? Mr. Gregory hire I and he 's the only one who can fire I . I be go to talk to he . Ryan get up . Natalie get up too . natalie Mr. bingham ... 31 . ryan you can not follow I ... you be on a computer screen . remember ? natalie ( frustrate ) Ryan ... Ryan sit back down . ryan try again . Fire I . natalie I just do . ryan actually , you do not . now , fire I . craig gregory stop it , Ryan . natalie ( ignore craig ) Mr. bingham , I be here today to inform you that you position be no longer available . ryan I be fire ? natalie yes , you be fire . ryan ( aside ) never say fire . natalie you have be let go . ryan why ? natalie ( break the moment ) this be a mythical situation . how could I possibly know why ? ryan you never know why . why do not matter . 32 . natalie ( back on track ) it 's important not to focus on the " why " and rather to spend you energy think about you future . ryan I be go to spend my energy on suing you if you do not give I a reason that you be fire I . natalie Mr. bingham , the reason be not important . ryan oh , so you be fire I without grounds . ( to craig ) now , I really have a lawsuit . craig gregory Ryan , I think we know what you be try to say ... natalie ( still in character ) do not take this personally , Mr. bingham . Ryan stop . ryan personally ? ( quiet and calm ) this be the most personal situation you will ever enter . so before you try to revolutionize my business , I would like to know that you actually know my business . int . ryan's office , ctc - day Ryan be stare out he window watch a plane take flight . Craig enter . craig gregory Hell - of - a- way to welcome she to the team . 33. ryan be I the only one who see that by automate we own business , we be make ourselves irrelevant . craig gregory ( frankly ... ) no ... we be make you irrelevant . Ryan shoot a look . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) hey , do not blame I . blame fuel cost . blame insurance premium . blame technology . ( a beat ) watch yourself , Ryan . you be too young to be a dinosaur ... ryan I be not ... I be not a dinosaur . craig gregory I want you to show she the rope . ryan what do I know about what happen around here ? have Ferguson do it . craig gregory I be not talk about here . a beat as Ryan register what Craig mean : the Road . ryan no . craig gregory hey , you seem pretty confident that this girl do not know what she 's do ... ryan Excuse I . I just do not think a myspace page qualify you to rewire a entire company . craig gregory great . well , here 's you chance . show she the magic . take she through the pace . ryan I be not a fuck tour guide . 34 . Craig cup one of he hand and place a fold post - it between he finger like a ship 's sail . craig gregory ( be : he hand ) this be the boat . Craig raise he other finger far away . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) ( be : he finger ) this be you . a beat of Ryan take in this ridiculous illustration . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) do you want to be in the boat ? ryan yes. alone . craig gregory Ryan , we be ringing the bell . rounding everybody up . if you want to stay out there a little longer , you can . but you be not go to be on you own . ( begin to leave ) let I know . Ryan churn . int . ryan's apartment - day Ryan be pack he roll -away bag . it be practice and systematic . he 's just about finish , when he notice the CUT - out of he sister 's engagement photo . he try place it in the open bag , but it be immediately clear that the photo be two inch to long . he try put it on a angle , but that do not help . ryan huh . Ryan center the cut - out again and try to zip around it , but he can not get the zipper around the head of the photo . for a moment , it almost seem like he 's assault they tiny head with the zipper handle . do not help . a moment of silent frustration . CUT to : 35 . the roll -away be pull through a airport . the little head of Ryan 's sister and she fiance be poke out the top of the bag . the two zipper have be close on either side of they as though they be tiny passenger peek out the sunroof . int . eppley airfield , omaha - morning Ryan cut right through the crowd , wheeling he carry - on towards the automatic check - in machine . Ryan stop when he notice natalie say goodbye to she boyfriend - a kind of hollister look guy in he mid - twenty . he 's not thrilled by the public affection . after a beat , they break and he exit . Natalie see Ryan and start drag she large suitcase towards he . the scraping against the terrazzo send a shiver up Ryan 's spine . she arrive and set the heavy bag down with a clunk . Ryan stare at she travel case for a beat then up to she . natalie what ? CUT to : a row of roll away bag int . luggage store , eppley airfield - morning Ryan pull one out and test the action . natalie I really like my luggage . ryan that 's exactly what it be . luggage . ( off of Natalie 's look ) you know how much time you lose by check in ? natalie I do not know , maybe five minute wait for ... 36 . ryan thirty five minute per flight . I travel two hundred seventy day a year . that make one hundred fifty seven hour ... that 's Seven day . ( point to she luggage ) you ready to throw away a whole week on that ? int . terminal floor , eppley airfield - morning Natalie be attempt to repack she new bag in the middle of the airport . Ryan help by throw a couple thing out . int . security , eppley airfield - morning Ryan spot various " bad line " , then see a group of asian . ryan bingo . asian . Ryan start walk . natalie you can not be serious . as they pass the first line - a family of six . ryan never get behind people travel with infant . I have never see a stroller collapse in less than twenty minute . second line - a elderly couple ryan ( cont 'd ) Old people be worse . they body be litter with hide metal and they never seem to appreciate how little time they have leave on Earth . third line - a couple middle eastern guy . ryan ( cont 'd ) five word . randomly select for additional screen . they enter the fourth line behind the asian . 37 . ryan ( cont 'd ) asian . they be light packer , treasure efficiency , and have a thing for slip - on shoe . God love them . natalie that 's racist . ryan I be like my mother . I stereotype . it 's faster . int . security , eppley airfield moment later Ryan be just fasten he belt , have just go through security , when we hear a beep go off . Natalie be try to find the metal on she body that have set off the machine . she also have forget to take she laptop out of she bag . it 's a mess . int . boeing 757 - mid flight Ryan be sketching a theoretical book cover for " the backback " . Natalie be work on a Excel document on she laptop - she 's a loud tapper ... hitting the key with violent stroke . it draw Ryan 's attention and a raise eyebrow . ryan be you upset at you laptop ? natalie no . why ? ryan fat domino have a lighter touch . natalie I type with purpose . ryan what be you work on so furiously ? natalie I be building a work flow of fire technique . question &amp ; response . action &amp ; reaction . a script that work kind of like a tributary , take you through the step of fire someone . ryan who be it for ? 38 . natalie theoretically , you could put it in the hand of anybody and they could be downsizing immediately . all they have to do be follow the step . ryan Natalie , what be it , you think we do here ? natalie we prepare the newly unemployed for the emotional and physical hurdle of job hunt while ... minimize potential legal blowback ? ryan that 's what we be sell . but it 's not what we be do . natalie okay , what be we do ? ryan we job be to make limbo tolerable - to ferry wounded soul across the river of dread and humiliation to the point at which hope 's bright shore be dimly visible ... ( frankly ) and then to stop the boat , shove them in the water , and make they swim while we row back to the palace of they banishment to present the employer with we bill . natalie that be really impressive . you rehearse that ? Natalie smile and go back to she work . Ryan go to say something , but hold back for now . int . MAIN terminal , ST . louis int 'l airport - day Ryan zip through the wander type as Natalie try to keep up . Ryan 's phone ring . he see the caller id . smile . ryan ( to natalie ) I get to grab this . I will meet you at the rental lot . 39 . Natalie nod and keep move . Ryan pick up . ryan hey , I be hope I would hear from you . intercut with : int . HOTEL conference room - day Alex be on she cell phone as a junior behind she fold a portable projector screen . alex I be in hotlanta . I need a rib joint recommend bad . ryan ( smile ) fat Matt 's . bring a bib . Ryan turn into a elevator well to talk . alex you have not call . ryan you know , I do not know what be appropriate ... Alex stop . she move to a quieter place . alex Ryan , I be not some waitress you bang in a snow storm . the word " appropriate " have no place in we collective vocabulary . I be the woman you do not have to worry about . ryan this sound like a trick . alex next time you be worried about manners - do not . if you want to call - call . just think of I as yourself ... only with a vagina . Ryan light up ... this woman fuck rock . then recover . ryan when be I go to see you ? 40 . alex I be out of hartsfield , into iad , then a connection at ord into sdf . ryan ( compassionate ) oh ... sorry . alex tell I about it . ryan how long be you layover in o'hare ? they have get multiple into sdf ... think you could push ? alex ( smile ) I can push . Joy . int . elevator , bottling company - day Ryan and Natalie ride , briefcase in hand . Natalie be sway back and forth . Ryan notice . be she nervous ? excite ? ding - the elevator door open . int . reception , bottling company - day Ryan and Natalie enter the door to find a reception desk on a empty floor . scatter telephone sit on the ground where desk use to be . a few desk in one corner be still manned . Natalie try not to show : it 's all become very real . ryan ( to desk girl ) Ryan bingham , from ctc . the desk girl look up from she work . she know who they be . int . cubicle CITY , bottling company - day Ryan and Natalie pass row of cubicle . head begin to pop up to see they arrival . Natalie accidentally make eye contact with one guy , then quickly shift she gaze forward . 41 . int . windowless conference room , bottling company - day Ryan and Natalie sit next to each other at a polyurethane conference table . ryan all you have to do today be watch and listen . when I talk about the strategy packet . you hand they one of this ... Ryan point to a stack of packet . natalie you ever find it strange that termination come with a packet . ryan everything important in life come with a packet . montage of more real people reacting to be fire a series of real people sit down across from Ryan and Natalie ryan thank you for come by . as you be probably well aware , this be a tough economic climate and you company be not immune . real people tighten up as they begin to catch on . ryan while I wish I be here with better news , the reason you and I be meeting be this be you final week of employment here . real people blame all sort of people and situation that they personally hold responsible . ryan this be not a time to look for blame . you position simply no longer exist . real people respond further . some be enraged . some be polite . one be even grateful . ryan I understand why you be say this thing . ( more ) 42 . ryan ( cont 'd ) it 's perfectly natural to feel this way . I want you to take the next week to explore this strategy packet ... Ryan nod to Natalie who we now see begrudgingly handing packet to all of the real people we have already meet . ryan fill out the skill set work sheet ... use the hope and dream diagram ... and the tree of aspiration . we see the " tree of aspiration " sheet . ryan ( with emphasis ) the answer be all in there . we see more packet get hand out as Ryan repeat ... ryan the answer be all in there . ( another person ) the answer ... ( another person ) the answer ... ( another person ) ... be - all - in-there . CUT to : bob ( a actor ) presenting a photo of he child bob and what do you suggest I tell they ? bob . dry red eye from tear of rage stare down the lens . Natalie can not hold back any longer . natalie ( a suggestion ) perhaps you be underestimate the positive effect you career transition may have on you child . Ryan look at Natalie like she 's out of she mind . bob positive effect ? 43. natalie well , test have show that child under moderate trauma have a tendency to apply themselves academically as a method of cope . bob go fuck yourself . that 's what my kid will think . Natalie shrink . Ryan immediately cover . ryan you child 's admiration be important to you ? bob yeah . it be . ryan ( frankly ) well , I doubt they ever admire you , bob. Bob look up shocked and piss . bob hey asshole , be not you here to console I ? ryan I be not a shrink , Bob . I be a wake up call . you know why kid love athlete ? bob because they screw lingerie model . ryan no , that 's why we love athlete . kid love they because they follow they dream . bob yeah , well I can not dunk . ryan but you can cook . Natalie look to Ryan - where be he go with this ? bob what be you talk about ? 44 . Ryan pick up Bob 's resume . ryan you resume say you minore in french culinary Arts . most student work the frier at kfc . you buss table at Il picatorre to support yourself . then you get out of college and start work here . ( look up at Bob ) how much do they first pay you to give up on you dream ? bob ( flat ) twenty seven thousand a year . ryan at what point be you go to stop and go back to what make you happy ? Bob simply shrug . ryan do you believe in fate , Bob ? bob fate ? ryan yeah . you know , the mysterious way in which we wind up do the thing we be mean to do . bob ( offering ) I meet my wife at a gas station . ryan exactly . well , I think fate be tell you to do something , Bob . Bob look up and meet eye with Ryan . ryan ( cont 'd ) I see guy who work for the same company they entire life . clock in . clock out . never a moment of happiness . ( pause for effect ) not everyone get this kind of opportunity . ( more ) 45 . ryan ( cont 'd ) the chance for rebirth . if not for yourself ... do it for you kid . Bob 's eye begin to water again . he 's a change man . Ryan shoot Natalie a look - Hand over the packet . Natalie jump to attention and hand Bob a packet . int . lobby , ST . louis hilton - night there 's a business woman wait in the regular line . Ryan walk right past she and get into the elite line . they be now both first in they respective line for the counter . the woman look over at Ryan and sigh . Natalie hold back , confuse by Ryan 's action and want to avoid confrontation . the desk clerk frees up and gesture for Ryan to step forward . Ryan begin wheeling he bag forward . meanwhile , the woman lift she hand in outrage . business woman I have be wait ten minute . he just waltze in and get to cut in line . desk clerk we reserve priority assistance for we Hilton honor member . Ryan grab a brochure for elite membership off the desk and hand it to the business woman . ryan you should look into it - the promotion be great ... the woman bat it out of Ryan 's hand onto the floor . business woman fuck off . Ryan look back at the desk clerk and smile . the desk clerk swipe he card . Ryan 's digital number bump up another thousand point . int . public bathroom , ST . louis hilton - evening Natalie be wash she hand , when she stop to look at herself in the mirror . 46 . after a beat , she hear someone crying in one of the stall . she go to see if the woman be okay , then stop herself - maybe I fire she . she grab a paper towel , dry off she hand , and leave . int . restaurant bar , ST . louis hilton - evening Natalie sit back down at the table a little visibly shake . ryan you okay ? natalie ( cover quickly ) yeah . Fine . just then , they food arrive ... and there 's a lot of food . Natalie 's eye move back and forth try to figure out why there seem to be three main course and a bunch of side . natalie hungry , much ? ryan we expense account allot for forty dollar each on dinner . I plan on grab every mile I can . natalie okay , you get to fill I in on this mile business . what 's that all about ? be you talk like frequent flier mile ? Ryan give Natalie a look - be she ready for this information ? ryan you really want to know ? natalie ( mock serious ) I be die to know . ryan I do not spend a nickel , if I can help it , unless it somehow profit my mileage account . I be not talk hotel room and rental car either , but internet service , cell phone , music download , teleflorist . the work . I shop they accord to the mile they pay and I pit they against each other for the most value . 47 . natalie so , what be you save up for ? Hawaii ? South of France ? ryan no , it 's not like that ... the mile be the goal . natalie that 's it ? you be save to save ? ryan let 's just say I have get a number in mind and have not hit it yet . natalie wow . seem a little abstract . what 's you target ? ryan I would rather not . natalie ( teasing ) it 's a secret target ? ryan it 's ten million mile . natalie huh . be not ten million just a number ? ryan pi be just a number . natalie I guess we all need a hobby . Ryan look back at Natalie - hobby ? natalie ( cont 'd ) oh hey , I do not mean to belittle you collection . I get it . sound cool . ryan I would be the seventh person to do it . more people have walk on the moon . natalie do they give you a parade or something ? 48 . ryan Lifetime exec platinum status . you get to meet the Chief Pilot , maynard finch . and ... they put you name on the side of a plane . natalie Men get such a hard - on from put they name on stuff ... you guy do not grow up - you just need to pee on everything . ryan now , who 's stereotyping ? nancy fear of mortality . it 's like yes , you be go to die one day . ryan and why do you suppose that 's singular to man ? natalie probably cause you can not have baby . Ryan can not help but laugh a little . natalie ( cont 'd ) if I have that many mile , I would just show up at the airport , look up at one of that big destination board , pick a place and go . this idea sink in for a second with both of they . int . ryan be room , ST . louis hilton - night Ryan be lay in bed wear a Hilton bathrobe . he 's review he sister 's wedding invite when he blackberry buzy on the night stand . he reach over to check it . it 's a text message : Alex : " can not fall asleep . " Ryan type back : Ryan : " I too . just lay here . " intercut with : 49 . int . alex be HOTEL room - night Alex be in a t-shirt , lie in bed . she type away at she blackberry and press send . Ryan 's blackberry buzy again . Alex : " you should rub one out . " ryan ( chuckle ) thanks for the advice . type back . Ryan : " only fair if you do too . " blackberry buzy again . Alex : " Way ahead of you . " ryan man alive . Ryan : " call I next time so I can listen . " Alex : " ; ) have sweet dream about I . " Ryan smile . he stare at the message for a second , then set the blackberry down and turn off the light . ext . lambert field , ST . louis - day Natalie be stand with a camera in she hand , give direction . natalie Left , leave , leave , leave ... one more inch ... and stop . reveal : Ryan be place the CUT - out of Julie and Jim . the camera Pov make it look like Julie and Jim be stand in front of St. Louis International Airport . natalie I do not get it . ryan my sister be cooky . she think this be charming ... like the gnome thing . 50 . natalie no , I mean ... why would you sister want a fake photo in front of the St. Louis Airport ? ryan she should be so lucky to visit lambert field . the wright Brothers fly through there ... ( point out the conical MAIN terminal ) the dome main terminal be the first of its kind . a precursor to everything from JFK to degualle . natalie ( lame ) wow . pretty sweet . Natalie take the photo . ryan why she want dozen of reminder of all the place she have not be be beyond I . natalie well , I be sure she 's go to be crush for have miss this airport . ryan look - before lindbergh could cross the Atlantic , he take off from one of that runway ... ever wonder why they call it the Spirit of St. Louis ? natalie ( quickly ) no . Ryan go to say something , but Natalie be already go . int . conference room , wichita security company - day Ryan and Natalie sit stoically as a young asian guy rant about why they be idiot to fire he . young asian guy ... and another thing ...? you know how fuck this place be without I ? you know how fuck this place be without I ? fucked in the ass , man . ( more ) 51 . young asian guy ( cont would ) I be the one thing prevent this place from be totally fuck in the ass . the young asian guy snap up one of the packet and leave , slamm the door behind himself . ryan sometimes , they just need to vent . natalie please , for the love of God , can I fire the next one ? Ryan give it some think . CUT to : int . conference room , wichita security company - later a professional African - american woman wear a smart suit sit down at the conference table . Natalie sit up . karen I be here to be fire , right ? natalie we be here to talk about you future . karen you do not have to sugar coat it . I get the drill . what be they offer ? natalie Inside the packet you will find a clearly work out severance package . karen give I the bullet point . natalie Three month pay . six month medical . a full year of placement service through we company , ctc . karen placement service ? how generous . 52 . natalie commonly , it take one month of search for every ten thousand dollar you expect to earn in salary . karen so I could be look for a while . natalie not necessarily ... karen oh , do not sweat it . I be pretty confident about my plan . natalie ( spirit lifted ) oh yeah ? karen yeah . can you tell I ? be high tide in the morning or the evening ? natalie I do not know . why ? karen there 's this beautiful bridge by my apartment . I need to figure out what time to jump off it . Natalie begin to tremble . ext . wichita security company courtyard - day Natalie burst out the door and sit on a bench . she 's freak out . Ryan be five step behind she . he put a hand on she shoulder . ryan people say this thing all the time . it come with the trade . natalie they do ? ryan sure . people be always say crazy stuff . they get work up . natalie she be so calm . 53. ryan ( not quite sure ) I think that 's a good sign . natalie so they do not actually ever do it ? ryan no ... it 's just talk . natalie how do you know ? do you follow up ? ryan I mean , no , nothing good can come of that , but I do not think you should worry about it . Natalie be clearly still worried . ryan ( cont 'd ) this be the job . take people at they most fragile moment and set they adrift . begin montage a plane pulling back its gate and taking off white collar people be handed packet ryan and alex entering a new HOTEL room . they 're become more comfortable with each other int . boeing 757 - day look out the window at the pass landscape . over the pasture and road , we see graphic white line and number denote each mile as they click by . Ryan tear a page out of american way magazine outline they mileage program and hand it to Natalie . gardener drive a rider mower across a tiny stretch of grass int . hilton HOTEL lobby - early morning Ryan turn a corner to find Natalie talk to she computer screen with headphone on . 54 . she 's have a ichat with someone , but we only hear she side of the conversation . Ryan decide to listen in for a second . natalie I will be back soon . not really sure how long this whole exercise be suppose to last . he 's fine ... it 's hard for this guy to accept change , you know . ( listen , roll eye ) I ... I be not even go to answer that ... no , I can not even think of he that way ... he 's old . Ryan frown . check a mirror . a new office - more employees react to be laid off we see shot of various slice of the american landscape from thousand of feet in the AIR ext . miami INTERNATIONAL airport - day a 757 touch down on the runway . music begins to fade as the montage come to a close on ... ryan's headshot - sit on a easle . int . conference room , wichita HOTEL - afternoon Ryan stand before a similar crowd as the open of the film . ryan okay . this be where it get a little difficult , but stay with I . you have a new backpack ... but this time , I want you to fill it with people . start with casual acquaintance , people around the office , friend of friend and work you way to the people you trust with you most intimate secret . now move into family member - cousin , aunt , and uncle . get you sister and you brother and you parent . get they all in that backpack . and finally you husband or wife or boyfriend or girlfriend . get they in they too . 55 . a titter through the crowd . for the first time , we see Natalie near the side , watch . ryan ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I be not go to ask you to light it on fire . Light laughter . ryan ( cont 'd ) feel the weight of that bag . make no mistake , you relationship be the heaviest component of you life . feel the strap cut into you shoulder . all that negotiation and argument and secret and compromise . Ryan let the weight sink in . ryan ( cont 'd ) now set that bag down . you can feel the relief in the room . ryan ( cont 'd ) you do not need to carry all that weight . noticeable agreement . ryan ( cont 'd ) some animal be mean to carry each other . to live symbiotically over a lifetime . star-cross lover . monogamous swan . we be not one of that animal . Ryan focus towards he conclusion . ryan ( cont 'd ) the slower we move , the faster we die . we be not swan . we be shark . int . annex , wichita HOTEL - afternoon Ryan have finish he session and be talk to eager straggler . Ryan accept a business card and elaborate on one of he theory . 56 . meanwhile , down the hall , Natalie be finish a phone call . she look shell shocked . she close she phone and pocket it in silence . ext . tarmac , miami INTERNATIONAL airport - day a american airline plane touch down . ext . miami boulevard - day we be follow a hilton shuttle down a street of palm tree . int . hilton airport shuttle - afternoon Natalie and Ryan ride back to the airport . we catch they mid- conversation as Natalie drill Ryan on he theory . natalie never ...? Ryan smile to the few other rider as if apologize . natalie ( cont 'd ) you never want to get marry ? never want kid ? ryan be that so bizarre ? natalie yes . yes it be . ryan I do not see the value . Natalie sigh . ryan ( cont 'd ) sell it to I . natalie what ? ryan sell I marriage . natalie I ... uh ... how how about love ? ryan pff ... 57 . natalie okay . stability ? ryan how many stabile marriage do you know ? natalie someone to talk to , spend you life with ? ryan I be surround by people to talk to . I doubt that will change . the shuttle stop and everyone go to grab they bag . int . lobby , miami hilton - day Ryan and Natalie enter , still have the same conversation . natalie how about just not die alone ? Ryan stop to address this . ryan start when I be twelve , we move each one of my grandparent into a nursing facility . my parent go the same way . ( a beat ) make no mistake . we all die alone . Ryan turn , think of something , then turn back . ryan ( cont 'd ) ( adding ) that cult member down in San Diego with the white sneaker and little Dixie cup of Kool - Aid . they do not die alone . Natalie look steam . ryan ( cont 'd ) just say - there 's option . out of nowhere , Natalie start cry . ryan ( almost silent ) oh fuck . 58 . Natalie be now balling in the middle of the lobby . natalie Brian leave I . ryan oh , hey ... I ... Ryan go to hug Natalie and she simply fold into he arm - a mop of tear . Ryan look around for a place to set she down . instead , he find ... alex - who give a question look to the young sobbing girl . ryan hi. Alex this be Natalie . Natalie , this be my ... friend , Alex . alex I should give you both a moment . Natalie attempt a recovery . it 's not graceful . natalie no , it 's fine . I be fine . just stupid emotion . Natalie give Alex a firm handshake . alex maybe a drink ? Ryan go to challenge the idea , when ... natalie now we be talk . Natalie lead the way . Alex and Ryan exchange quick hellos . CUT to : the screen of natalie' cell phone text read : " I think it 's time we c other people " int . bar lounge - miami hilton - moment later the three share a booth . Natalie be sip a drink . she seem to have settle a little . 59 . alex he break up with you over text message ? ryan ( soft dig ) that 's kind of like fire people over the internet . both Natalie and Alex shoot Ryan a look . alex ( be : the ex-boyfriend ) what a weasely prick . natalie yeah , but what do that make I ? someone who fall for a prick ? alex we all fall for they . prick be spontaneous , unpredictable , and fun . and then we be surprised when they turn out to be prick . natalie I follow he to omaha . ryan you do ? natalie I have a job wait for I in San Fran , when he get a offer from conagra . he tell I we could start a life together . so I follow he . ryan to nebraska . natalie I look in the mirror and I just see compromise ... I be suppose to do something . alex you will do plenty . natalie I just can not ... I think I would be engage by now . ( catch herself ) no offense . 60 . alex ryan it 's alright . none take . natalie when I be sixteen , I think by twenty three , I would be marry , maybe have a kid ... corner office by day , entertaining at night . I be suppose to be drive a Grand Cherokee by now . alex life can underwhelm you that way . natalie now I have my sight on twenty nine , because thirty be just way too ... apocalyptic . I mean , where do you think you would be by ... Natalie catch herself , have no idea how old Alex be . alex it do not work that way . ryan at a certain point , you stop with the deadline . alex they can be a little counterproductive . natalie I do not want to say anything that 's ... anti-feminist . I mean , I really appreciate everything you generation do for I . alex ( my generation ? ) it be we pleasure . ryan well do . natalie but sometimes it feel like no matter how much success I have , it all will not matter until I find the right guy . alex you really think this guy be the one . 61 . natalie yeah , I guess . I do not know . I could have make it work . he just really fit the bill . ryan the bill ? natalie my type . you know , white collar . College grad . love dog . like funny movie . six foot one . Brown hair . kind eye . Works in finance but be outdoorsy , you know , on the weekend . ( we think she 's do ) I always imagine he would have a single syllable name like Matt or John or ... Dave . in a perfect world , he drive a four runner and the only thing he love more than I be he golden lab . oh ... and a nice smile . ( back to Alex and Ryan ) how about you ? this catch both Alex and Ryan off guard . ryan I be not sure if ... natalie I mean Alex ... ryan right . alex huh , let I think for a sec . ( mull it over ) well , by the time you be thirty four , all the physical requirement be pretty much out the window . I mean you secretly prey he will be taller than you . Ryan smile . alex ( cont 'd ) not a asshole would be nice ? just someone who enjoy my company . come from a good family - you do not think about that when you be young . ( thinking ) want kid ... like kid ... ( more ) 62 . alex ( cont 'd ) want kid . healthy enough to play catch with he future son one day . we can tell Ryan be take a serious interest in this . alex ( cont 'd ) please let he earn more than I do . that do not make sense now , but believe I , it will one day . otherwise it 's just a recipe for disaster . ( reaching ) hopefully some hair on he head ...? but it 's not exactly a deal - breaker anymore . Nice smile ... yep , a nice smile just might do it . Alex look to Ryan . he have a nice smile . natalie wow . that be depress . Alex and Ryan react - it 's not that bad . natalie ( cont 'd ) I should just date lesbian . alex try it . we be no picnic ourselves . Natalie look worse than when the conversation start . natalie I do not mind be marry to my career , and I do not expect it to hold I in bed as I fall asleep . ( look up ) I just do not want to settle . alex you be young . right now you see settling as some sort of failure . natalie it be . by definition . alex do not worry , by the time someone be right for you , it will not feel like settling ... and the only person leave to judge you will be the twenty four year old girl with a target on you back . 63. Natalie crack a smile . Ryan look to Alex . they have grow closer . int . lobby lounge , miami hilton - day Ryan , Alex , and Natalie wheel they roll -aways towards the elevator . natalie so , what 's the plan for this evening ? Ryan and Alex share a uncomfortable silence . natalie what ...? oh , be it illicit ? ryan ( quickly ) no ... alex it 's nothing like that . natalie we be in Miami . ryan ... we be go to hit that party for the tech conference in the hotel . Natalie notice a group of software type mingling with badge around they neck . natalie I do not know you could just attend that ... alex well , I mean ... natalie ( eye widen ) you be go to crash it ? ryan alex I mean , I do not know if ... more money than they know this guy put on a quite a what to do with ... party ... natalie no , I get it . I be in ! 64 . int . conference corridor , miami hilton - night Ryan , Alex , and Natalie confidently walk up to the check - in table and take badge . they turn the corner . Alex read Natalie 's badge . alex Jennifer Chu ? natalie oh shit ! ryan it 's go to be fine . int . software convention party , miami hilton - night corporate color balloon . lot of guy in logo polos . that great hip hop song from 1998 be play over the PA . we find Ryan , Alex , and Natalie at a stand up table . they be now wear badge . Natalie be pretty tipsy at this point . ryan ( to natalie ) you okay there ? natalie oh yeah ... this be a great idea . ( to alex ) you be so pretty . you be exactly what I want to look like in fifteen year . alex thank you , Natalie . a conference leader step up to a on stage mic . conference leader how 's everyone do out there ?! people cheer . so do Ryan , Alex , and particularly Natalie . conference leader I be go to need you to all put you hand together for a very special guest - young ... m... c! the open beat of the 90' jam " bust - a - move " blast over the speaker and sure enough , now - 40 - year- old rapper , Young mc step out and start rapping . 65 . young mc this herex a tale for all the fellas ... try to do what that lady tell US ... get shot down cause you're overzealous ... play hard to get , female get jealous ... everyone go crazy and start dance . Ryan and Alex make it out to the dance floor . they be awful dancer , but they be have fun . ryan think she will be okay ? alex look ... Natalie have already find a dance partner , who can not believe he luck . she 's all over he . Ryan smile . ext . boat - night a nice two story yacht that be obviously purchase before the bubble pop . Inside the galley , a group be play karaoke . natalie , wear badge like mardi gras bead , be sing " time after time " . meanwhile , near the back , Ryan and Alex sit with they leg hang off the back of the hull . alex back home , I do not get to act the way I do with you . ryan that 's why I do not have a " back home " . alex I know . you be so cool . " Mr. empty back pack " . Ryan emotionally stumble . ryan you know about the back pack ? alex I google you . ryan you do ? 66 . alex it 's what we modern girl do when we have a crush . ryan do it bother you ? alex well , that depend . be the bag empty because you hate people or just the baggage they bring along ? ryan I do not hate people . I be not exactly a hermit . alex you just do not want to be tie down ? the whole responsibility thing . ryan I do not think it 's even that ... I ... first time I ever fly , I be sixteen . alex you be not go to answer ? you be just go to tell I a story ? ryan ( smile , continue story ) it be January and I have just get my driver 's license . the lake be freeze over , so we pile into my car and hit the ice to do donut . when , out of nowhere , I hit a soft spot and the hood of my car tilt up and I be sink backwards into the water . alex Jesus ... ryan I literally start to drow . within a few second , I black out . then , I wake up in the sky . I be in a helicopter , lay on a stretcher . this guy in a uniform be tell I I be minute away from die . alex oh my God . 67 . ryan right ? ( relive it for a second ) so just as we be hover over the hospital , I sit up . and from there , I could see the whole western horizon . we would be fly twenty minute . twenty minute to reach a city I would think of as remote , halfway across the state ... a foreign capital . ( a beat ) my parent have teach I we live in the best place on Earth , but now I could see the world be really just one place and compare do not make much sense . and I remember think - do not tell I this be not a age of miracle . do not tell I we can not be everywhere at once . the idea settles in . Ryan return to the point . ryan I do not know what originally spark the back pack . I probably need to be alone . recently , I have be think that maybe I need to empty the bag before I know what to put back in . and now they kiss . it 's notably different from they previous kiss . now , when they lock lip , we be remind why people kiss in the first place . then , all of a sudden , the light go out on the boat . the motor have stop . Ryan and Alex look back to find the software dude step out of the galley , drunk . software dude hey ... I think we be out of gas . Ryan and Alex look out to shore ... about 500 yard away . for whatever reason , they just start crack up . ext . pontoon boat - night Ryan and Alex be huddle under a blanket in the corner of the rubber boat as it putter its way to shore . cold , soak , and smile . Natalie and David be there too ... still kissing . 68 . ext . beach - night everyone get out of the boat in the cold knee deep water and splashes up to shore . int . lobby , miami hilton - night Ryan and Alex follow by Natalie and she make - out buddy , soak from the knee down , hold they shoe , scamper into the hotel on the ball of they foot . int . ryan's HOTEL room , miami hilton - next morning Ryan 's eye flutter awake to see Alex get dress . ryan hey , you be up ... alex get to fly stand - by and make a meeting in milwaukee . ryan ( disappointed ) oh ... okay . alex ( notice , teasing ) oh , no . I make you feel cheap . ryan yeah , all right ... just leave the money on the dresser . alex ( sweetly ) I will text you later so we can swap schedule . Alex give he a peck . Ryan take she wrist so she can not leave . ryan I can not remember the last time I enjoy spend time with someone as much as you . alex neither can i. they kiss again and he let go . Alex leave and the door close . Ryan just lay in bed for a moment . 69 . int . cafe - miami hilton - morning Ryan and Natalie have a quiet breakfast . Natalie look pretty worse for wear . in the background be a traveling salesman roll call . he perk up for each message then go back to be miserable . meanwhile , after a little silent eat ... natalie last night get a little out of hand . I say thing ... I do not remember everything I say . I just do not want you to think ... ryan just relax . it be nice to see you cut loose . so , do you wake he up or slip out ? natalie what ? ryan this morning ... you new friend . do you wake he for a awkward good bye or just slip out so he could feel like a whore . natalie ( not proud ) I ... just leave . ryan protocol be always tricky . natalie I do not know what be right . ryan sometimes there really be no right thing to do . this do not comfort she . ext . ocean boardwalk , miami - day the walkway overlook a large marina fill with giant yacht . Ryan and Natalie be do the photo thing with the CUT out of the engagement portrait again . 70 . natalie what happen to Alex ? ryan have to skip town early to make a meeting . natalie that 's too bad . where do she live ? ryan Chicago . natalie you think of go to see she ? ryan I do not know . we just do not have that kind of relationship . natalie what kind of relationship do you have ? ryan it 's , you know . casual . natalie sound pretty special . ryan it work for we . natalie think there 's any future there ? ryan never think about it . what 's go on here ? natalie really never think about it ? ryan ( a good lie ) no . natalie how can you not think about this thing ? how do it not even cross you mind that you might want to have a future with somebody ? 71 . ryan it 's simple , you know that moment when you look into someone 's eye and you feel they look right into you soul , and the whole world go quiet for a second . natalie ( finally , a break through ) yes . ryan right . well , I do not . natalie you be a asshole . Natalie knock over the CUT out and stand up . ryan oh come on , I be just dick around . I need you help ... natalie do not you think it 's worth give she a chance ? ryan a chance to what ? natalie a chance at something real ? ryan Natalie , you definition of " real " be go to evolve as you get older ... natalie would you stop condescending for one second ? or be that one of the principle of you bullshit philosophy ? ryan bullshit philosophy ? natalie the isolation ? the travel ? be that suppose to be charming ? ryan no , it 's simply a life choice . 72 . natalie it 's a cocoon of self - banishment . ryan wow . Big word . natalie screw you . ryan well , screw you too . natalie you have set up a way of life that basically make it impossible for you to make any human connection . now , somehow , this woman run the gauntlet of you ridiculous " life choice " and come out the other end with a smile - just so you can call she casual . Jesus . I need to grow up ? you be a twelve year old . Natalie begin walk away . ryan I do not have a gauntlet of ... a gust of wind suddenly blow the cutout across the boardwalk into the ocean . ryan ... fuck ! Ryan go run after the cutout . he climb down a gangway to a dock that be close to the cutout , which be beginning to sink in the filthy water . Ryan reach ... and reach ... and just as he 's get a finger tip on the photo ... fall in . int . bathroom , miami hilton - day Ryan , still damp from the ocean , be drying the cutout with a hair dryer . int . concourse , miami INTERNATIONAL airport - day we be follow the cutout head pop out of the roll - away like earlier , only now they be slightly fade and bent from they trip in the harbor . 73. ext . tarmac , miami INTERNATIONAL - day we be watch Ryan through the window of the plane . he almost look trap . ext . tarmac , detroit interational - day the plane land amidst snow . int . rental car , detroit highway - day Ryan and Natalie drive in silence . the weather be frigid . ryan this Detroit guy can be tough . they have be get hammer . do not get distract . stick to the simple stuff . get the packet in they hand and get they out the door . ext . detroit car part company - day a one story brick building . there 's a inch of snow on the ground . Ryan and Natalie enter the building in silence . int . detroit company - day Ryan and Natalie check in at the front desk . int . conference room , detroit company - day the door open . Ryan and Natalie enter , when they both see something and immediately stop short . sitting on the conference table be a computer set up for a video conference . frame up in a window on the screen be craig gregory . craig gregory welcome to Detroit . Natalie and Ryan exchange a look . ryan what 's go on here ? 74 . craig gregory I have be get that great number over the last few day . think we should nut up and give this a try . ryan we could use a little more time . craig gregory gotta leave the nest at some point . ryan this be a real company , Craig . we be here to do some damage . craig gregory I know . good thing we bring we best . so let 's stop screwing around , alright ? Ryan sigh . ryan just give I a minute to prepare and get my thing together . craig gregory I be think Natalie take this one . Natalie , once confident , now take pause . ryan she 's hardly ready for this . craig gregory I have be watch she . she 's great . ryan ( be : the webcam ) this be a whole other animal ... craig gregory I mean , she create it . Natalie , you not up for it ? natalie I be ... I be game . craig gregory Atta girl . 75 . int . conference room , detroit company - moment later Ryan and Natalie have a moment aside . ryan just remember , do not apologize . do not tell they how hard this be for you . today be one of the worst day they will ever have . what we feel do not even compare . natalie get it . ryan just keep it professional . you be go to do fine . int . craig gregory's office , ctc - later Craig be lean back in he office chair , watch Natalie on he monitor . int . alternate conference room , detroit company - day a unsuspecting man in he mid fifty enter the room and take a seat at a computer terminal . ( for the remainder of the scene , we will intercut between Natalie 's room and the Pov of the man 's ichat session . ) natalie hello , Mr. samuel . my name be Natalie keener . samuel ( check out the PC ) what 's go on here ? natalie I wish I be here with better news , however you position here at decker be no longer available . samuel what be you talk about ? natalie you have be let go . 76 . samuel what , just like that ? I can not believe ... who be you ? natalie my name be miss keener . I be here to tell you about you option ... samuel I work here for seventeen year and they send some fourth grader in here to can I ? what the fuck be this ?! Ryan fight the urge to jump in . he be sit next to Natalie , but just out of view of the camera . natalie it 's perfectly normal to be upset . however , the sooner you can tell yourself that there be great opportunity wait for you ... samuel Greater opportunity ? I be fifty - seven-fuck year old ! Mr. samuel be now on the verge of tear . eye red . natalie anybody who ever build a empire , or change the world , sit where you be now . and it 's because they sit there that they be able to do it . we remain in the room with Natalie and Ryan , but we hear Mr. samuel cry . it 's loud and embarrassing . it 's come from the next room . he 's literally on the other side of the wall . natalie ( cont 'd ) there 's a packet in front of you . samuel pick up the packet and open it . natalie ( cont 'd ) I want you to take some time and review it . samuel begin to leaf through . natalie ( cont 'd ) all the answer you be look for be inside that page . ( more ) 77 . natalie ( cont 'd ) the sooner you trust the process , the sooner you next step in life will unveil itself . samuel put down the packet . the tear still come slowly . natalie ( cont 'd ) I need you to return to you office now and begin to put together you personal thing . samuel do not move . he 's just sit there in a daze . natalie ( cont 'd ) thank you for you time , Mr. samuel . no reaction . just more silent tear . Natalie be get nervous . natalie ( cont 'd ) Mr. samuel ? there 's nothing else we can discuss now . ( and again ) thank you for you time . Ryan fight the urge to break in as Natalie continue to lose she composure . Craig lean into he computer , watch intently . natalie ( cont 'd ) Mr. samuel ... Mr. samuel .... mr. samuel ... finally , samuel break from he daze . he look up and around for a second , then get up and leave . Natalie catch she breath . a second later , samuel pass they room , visible through the conference room window . they watch as he walk away . ryan you do good . Natalie nod . ryan ( cont 'd ) you okay ? want I to take over . natalie no , I be alright . Natalie pull out a list of forty name . the amount of people be daunt . she cross off the first name . 78 . ext . parking lot , detroit car part company - afternoon we find Natalie stand next to the rental car . she 's stare into a snow drift . her eye say everything - she just grow up . meanwhile , Ryan be on he cell . we catch the end of he conversation with Craig . ryan ( cont 'd ) ... we just get out here . that be one place . I think we need to try a few more ... ( listen ) maybe there be not a difference , but it 's comforting to know we be in the next room . ( listening ) I know you do not give a shit about my comfort . ( listen ) we could just use a little more time . that 's all I be say . ( listen ) right ... right . ( shake he head ) yeah ... alright ... uh huh . bye . Ryan hang up . ryan ( cont 'd ) he think you do a great job . you do - I be real proud of you . natalie thanks . ryan we be be pull off the road . ( clarify ) we be go home . natalie for good ? ryan that 's what it look like . a moment of mix emotion . int . ryan be room , detroit hilton - night Ryan be hold the large embossed envelope of he sister 's wedding invitation . 79 . he pull out the response card , look at the line for extra guest , then set it down . he pull out the actual invitation . it look inexpensive . sigh . int . NORTH terminal , detroit airport - morning Ryan and Natalie ride the moving walkway . something be on Natalie 's mind . she speak up . natalie I be sorry about what I say about Alex . I be out of line . ryan it 's alright . I understand . natalie I mean , who be I to be dolling out relationship advice ? ryan it 's fine . natalie you go to be okay ? ryan what do you mean ? natalie in omaha ? ryan oh , I do not know . natalie it 's better than you would think . they get off the move walkway and stop at a gate that read " omaha " . something off screen grab Ryan 's attention . Ryan begin to walk off . pull out he blackberry and dial . natalie Ryan , where be you go ? ryan grabbing another flight ... something I need to take care of . I will see you in , uh ... at home . Ryan disappear in the crowd . 80 . ext . parking lot , las vega - day we be look at the luxor pyramid . ryan ( o.c . ) okay , start walk it in from the leave . alex enter frame , carry the engagement CUT out . alex I have to admit , when you ask I to meet you in Vegas ... I think we would gamble , make out in a heart shape jacuzzi , maybe see one of that weird french canadian circus show . ryan there will be plenty of time for all that . ( direct the photo ) one more foot to the leave . Alex oblige . she check out the engagement photo . alex how do you feel about the wedding ? ryan I be fine , I guess . ( direct the photo ) okay great ... walk away . Ryan take the photo . Alex pick up the engagement photo . alex they be a cute couple . ryan think so ? alex yeah , they will make cute kid . if they be lucky , maybe look a little like you . Alex and Ryan look at the photo together for a second . ryan how do you like Wisconsin in February ? alex who do not ? ( sweetly ) ( more ) 81 . alex ( cont 'd ) I like it if you be there . besides , I know a killer burger in milwaukee . ryan Northern Wisconsin . ( clarify ) what be you do this weekend ? this quickly register ... he 's invite I to the wedding . alex ( cont 'd ) no ... ryan what ? I have not even ... alex I can not . ryan why not ? alex I could not . ryan I be be serious . alex you want I to be you date ? ryan well ... yeah . alex to a wedding ... Jesus , Ryan . you sister 's wedding ? ryan it 's not like I know she that well . alex I be just not sure if it 's appropriate for I to ... ryan look . you know . I be not the wedding type . but for the first time in my life ... I do not want to be that guy , alone with he drink . I want a dance partner . I want a plus one . and if you can stomach it , I would like it to be you . 82. a long thoughtful beat . Alex sigh . alex okay . ryan really ? alex yeah , I can not believe I ... yeah , I be in . when be it ? ryan I feel like we should kiss or something . alex then kiss I . they do . int . baggage carousel , milwaukee airport - day two roll-aways side - by-side , move through the terminal . Ryan and Alex walk in unison . they share a smile . almost like they can not believe they be get away with something . they pass a large airline advertisement feature maynard finch in uniform . " we value you loyalty . " ext . driveway , chalet suite - day Ryan 's rental car pull into the chalet suite driveway . it 's halfway between a swiss Lodge and a best western . just a little sadder . a yellow sign read " welcome Miller - bingham wedding guest ! " int . lobby , chalet suite HOTEL - day Ryan and Alex approach the check - in line . of course , there 's a elite membership line , but they can not use it . Ryan be force to stand in a queue of three people while a check -in lady just stand at she computer at the elite line . ryan ( to the check - in lady ) be you available ? 83. check -in lady sorry , this line be for member of we matterhorn program . Ryan steam . int . corridor , chalet suite - day Ryan and Alex walk down the long hallway . they have be give a room at the end . just as they be enter they room , the door across the hall open revealing a woman in she early forty with a basket of laundry . it 's Ryan 's sister kara . kara Ryan ? Ryan turn and stop . it 's be a while ... ryan kara ... they hug . it 's a strange hug . awkward but heartfelt . ryan ( cont 'd ) Alex , this be my sister kara . kara well , hello . alex hi. kara ( quite frankly ... ) Ryan have tell I nothing about you . ryan kara , what be you do at a hotel ? kara fuck , I be hope I would not have to ... yeah , uh , Frank and I be try out a trial separation . ryan you be not stay at the house ? kara there be a extra room on hold here , so I just take it for the weekend . 84 . ryan oh , okay . kara yup . so , you guy be dating ? Ryan and Alex fumble over each other . ryan um ... alex it 's not exactly ... kara hey , do not worry about it . we be all get a little old to be call someone girlfriend ... I remember when mom use to call Jack she boyfriend . it drive I up the wall . boyfriend be for kid ... ( mock announcing ) and I be just a divorcee ! a awkward beat in the corridor of the chalet suite . ryan so , the rehearsal dinner ? kara yeah , I will see you two there . kara hump the laundry basket down the hall . int . HOTEL room , chalet suite - day Ryan and Alex settle in . there 's a cheap basket with a pink ribbon tie sloppily around some cellophane . in the basket be a packet , outline the wedding weekend . ryan there 's a packet . alex what in life be worth do that do not have a packet . ryan um , I love you ? Ryan be kid , but not really . they play it off as a joke , but can not help feel the weight of this " moment " . 85 . int . club room fireside lounge , chalet suite - evening a group of table have be sly together for the rehearsal dinner . Ryan and Alex find the dinner in full swing . Ryan 's sister julie , the bride , wave wildly . julie oh my God , Ryan ! she hop up and give he a hug . julie ( cont 'd ) you must be Alex . you be so beautiful . kara be right . do you get the basket ? alex the basket be very lovely . julie tammy wrap all of they . tammy wave . julie ( cont 'd ) Ryan , you look so grow up . ryan I ? you be the one get marry . julie I know , right ? you have not even see my ring . Julie show off she ring . it 's not quite balanced and seem to favor quantity over quality . julie ( cont 'd ) ( proudly ) Jim design it . jim raise a hand . this be Julie 's husband - to - be and we can tell immediately that Ryan be not thrilled . Ryan think of something . he pull out the 5x7 photo they take of the jim &amp ; julie CUT out . ryan I bring that photo you be ask for ... 86 . julie ( light up ) oh great ! they go over there . Julie point to a table and Ryan walk over . when he get there , we see almost a hundred photo pin to a map of America . it 's overwhelming . all of a sudden , he effort seem miniscule . Ryan begin to pin he photo on the map over the city where they be take . he back away to see it as a whole and he addition have already become invisible . Ryan return to the conversation with he sister and Alex . ryan there be quite a few already up there . almost could not find room . julie I know , be not it great how everyone chip in ? ryan what give you the idea to do something so ... alex ( help ) ... substantial ? julie well , Jim have a lot of we nest egg invest in this real estate venture right now . so when we go over we finances , a honeymoon just do not seem affordable this second ... so I think ... hey , just because we can not travel do not mean we can not have picture . the idea of this land on Ryan pretty hard . alex it be a great idea . julie thanks . CUT to : 87 . a hour later Ryan be stick with Jim , talk real estate . Alex be have a chat with the bride maid about local relationship drama . jim it 's sixty acre up against the foothills . I subdivide the old lazy W ranch and take a nice slice for myself . ryan sound nice . Jim make a exhale noise that mean " you bet you ass " . jim Homes will go in the high four . ryan must be a nice development . jim ( correcting ) it 's a community , not a development . the concept be turn - key everything . you buy a maintenance contract with the home . we will whack you weed , we will even change the light bulb . Furniture ? you buy you own or choose a package . seamless traditionalism , yet all the perk . ryan Nice . Ryan and Alex make eye contact . there 's a joy in they connection amongst the rambling of they company . jim we all need a place to call we own . this be America . this be what we be promise . ryan that 's a nice touch . jim what ? ryan that bit at the end about promise ... I like it . 88. jim ( a little embarrassed ) thanks . ( leading ) so , you still rent that one - bedroom ? ryan I give it up . jim ( surprised ) you own now ? ryan no . jim but you be look ? ryan not really . no. the conversation stall out . ext . driveway , chalet suite - night everyone be leave . tammy grab Julie 's hand . tammy can you believe it 's tomorrow ?! how be you go to sleep ? julie I do not know ! tammy you want some xanax ? ryan I do not think that 's for sleep . julie no , I be good . I will have some warm milk . that should do the trick . Jim come walk by with a box of flower arrangement from the table inside that be go to be reuse at the wedding . jim one more box ... 89 . alex I will get it . ryan you sure ? alex yeah , yeah ... Alex step back in and for the first time in who know how many year , Ryan , kara , and Julie be alone together . ryan Jim seem like a good guy . julie yeah , I know ... be not he great ? kara he 's go to make a great husband . there 's a moment where they just look at each other and giggle a little . just the three of they . ryan hey , Julie , I be think ... with dad not be ... well , I do not know if you have someone to walk you down the aisle ... julie oh , yeah , Jim 's uncle be go to do it . kara ( uncomfortable ) he 's be really supportive . ryan oh ... oh , great . just want to make sure you be cover . so I should get there at ... julie guest be arrive around 5ish . thing get go at 530 . so you know , around then . it 's easy . just come down the elevator . Alex come out with the second box . Ryan notice and grab the flower from she and set they in Jim 's luxury pick - up truck . 90 . int . corridor , chalet suite - night Ryan , Alex , and kara arrive at they adjacent room . Key card slide in simultaneously . Alex head in . Ryan stop . ryan hey kara ? kara yeah . ryan can you believe she 's get marry already ? she 's just a kid . kara no Ryan . actually , she 's 37 year old . she 's barely squeaking by . ryan oh. kara yup . sleep tight . fade to : ext . ryan's old high school - next morning the rental car pull up into the empty lot . snow on the ground . it 's cold . Ryan and Alex walk up the step and try the door of the main building - it 's lock . Ryan shrug . alex that 's all you get ? Alex start walk down the side of the building , look for a open window . the third one open a crack . she slide she HOTEL honor card in and open the latch . ryan be we really do this ? alex give I a boost . 91 . int . classroom , waupaca high school - day Alex slowly wedge herself headfirst through the window . Ryan climb in after she . he immediately recognize he surroundings . ryan I take geography in here . ( pointing ) that be my seat . alex you ever fool around with one of you teacher ? ryan no. you ? alex not until college . come on , show I around . they head for the door . a team photo of a high school basketball team a finger reach and point to a teenage face . ryan ( o.c . ) that 's I . int . hallway , waupaca high school - next morning Ryan and Alex be huddle at the trophy case . alex you play basketball ? ryan Point guard . do not act so surprised . alex I do not know you be such a jock . ext . loading dock , waupaca high school - day Ryan and Alex walk pass a concrete ledge . ryan my first fight . 92 . alex how would it go ? ryan get my ass kick . int . stairwell , waupaca high school - day Ryan show a area behind the stairwell . ryan this be where we use to go to make out . alex very romantic . CUT to : ryan and alex kissing under the stairwell ext . soccer field , waupaca high school - day Alex and Ryan sit tight like teenager on the team bench . alex I be really happy I come here . the school soccer team take the field for practice . ryan ( to the team ) go cougar ! player look back at he strangely . Ryan 's phone ring . ryan ( check caller id ) it 's kara . the first thing we hear be cry in the background . intercut with : int . church - day kara be on she cell phone . behind she in the deep background , we see bridesmaid consol Julie . 93. kara Ryan , where be you ? we be have a meltdown here . ryan what 's wrong ? what happen ? kara it 's Jim . can you get back here ? we need you help . ryan yeah , of course ... ext . church - day Ryan 's rental car pull up in front . he hop out and Alex take the driver 's seat . alex I will grab you suit . ( adding ) good luck . int . entry , church - day Ryan immediately spot Julie sobbing and be consol by she bride 's maid . the groomsman be huddle in another corner , embarrassed and confuse . kara split from the bride maid and take Ryan aside . ryan what happen ? kara Jim 's get cold foot . ryan today ? kara that 's how cold foot work . ryan what do you want I to do ? kara talk to he . ryan you want I to talk to he ? 94 . kara hey , it 's either you or I . you know my record . I have already strike out once . ryan I have not be to bat . I have not be in the dugout . kara do not you talk for a live ? motivational type stuff ? ryan I tell people how to avoid commitment . a beat . kara what kind of fuck up message be that ? ryan it 's a philosophy . kara it 's stupid . ryan hey , it might have help you . a beat of stalemate . kara come on , Ryan . you have not be around much . fuck , you basically do not exist to we . I know you want to be there for she ... well here it be . this be you chance . Ryan take a breath . int . sunday school room , church - day Ryan quietly step in to find Jim , half dress in a tux read the child 's book " the velveteen rabbit " . Jim sniffles . Ryan go to leave , when ... jim Ryan ? ryan oh , hey Jim . 95 . jim you ever read this ? ryan yeah , it 's pretty powerful stuff . jim I will say . ryan kara mention you be have some ... thought ? Jim put down the book . jim I do not think I can do this . ryan okay . what make you say that today ? jim I be just lay there last night in bed and I could not sleep . I be think about the wedding and the ceremony and all . we buy a house and move in together . have a kid ... have another kid ... ( begin to snowball ) ... Thanksgiving , Christmas , spring break , football game , all of a sudden they be out of school , get job , get marry , and then , you know ... I be a grandparent . I be retire . before you know it - I be dead ... and I just keep think ... " what 's the point ? " Ryan gulp . fuck . jim ( cont 'd ) ( now ask Ryan directly ) I mean what be the point ? ryan the point ? jim yeah , I mean , what be I start here ? ryan ( dancing ) it 's marriage ... it 's the most beautiful thing on Earth ... you know , what everyone aspire to ... 96 . jim you never get marry . ryan that 's true ... jim you never even try . ryan well , it 's hard to define " try " . jim you seem happier than most of my marry friend . Ryan take a beat . ryan Jim , I be not go to lie . Marriage can be a pain in the ass . and you be kind of right - all of this be just stuff on the way to you eventual demise . CUT to : kara eavesdropping at the door with a look of cold fear back to : ryan ( cont 'd ) we be all on run clock that can not be slowed down or pause and they all lead to the same place . some guy leave mark that last beyond they own mortality . not guy like you and I ... but some . but even that footprint disappear . ( a beat ) there be not a " point " . Jim sink a little . ryan ( cont 'd ) I be not the guy you would normally want to talk to about all this stuff ... but think about it - you favorite memory . the great moment of you life ? be you alone ? 97 . jim ( think about it ) no ... I guess not . ryan I do not want to sound like a hallmark card , but ... life ? it 's better with company . Jim nod . ryan ( cont 'd ) come to think of it ... last night , the night before you wedding , when all this shit be circle through you head ... be not you two sleep in separate room ? jim yeah , Julie go back to the apartment and I be all alone in that big honeymoon suite ... Jim chuckle to himself . ryan kind of lonely ? jim yeah . ryan hey . everybody need a copilot . this resonate with Jim and he can not help but smile . jim that 's a nice touch . ryan thanks . jim what 's the mood like out there ? ryan it 's not good ... emotional . jim what should I do ? ryan ( twinkle in he eye ) go get she . 98 . int . entry , church Jim walk over to the huddle of bride 's maid . they part and let he in . he kneel at Julie 's foot ... jim I be sorry I be such a fuck up ... will you be my co-pilot ? Julie give he a perplex look before smile and fall into he arm . tear and smile spread amongst the girl . kara walk over to Ryan and pat he on the shoulder . kara welcome home . montage begins as a series of image : - Ryan and Alex get dress in a little kitchen in the church . they be in a hurry and a little sloppy , but there 's a crooked joy in they face . - Jim stand at the alter with the priest get a pat on the back from he best man . - Julie get walk to the alter by Jim 's uncle . they pass Ryan , who look on proudly . - the priest give he blessing . - Jim raise Julie 's veil . they kiss . - wedding attendee file into the chalet suite banquet Hall . - Ryan and Alex mingle with they table . ryan hi , I be Ryan . wedding guest I be you cousin ... harold . ryan oh , hey ! - Ryan and Alex dance like teenager . - the band do a cheesy choreograph dance step . - Jim make a speech . he be not good at public speak , but the guest be generous with laughter . - tammy have she tongue down a groomsman 's throat . 99 . - Ryan pull kara onto the dance floor . she rest she head on he shoulder and they slow dance . - Jim and Julie make they farewell and run off . - Ryan and Alex help pick the center piece off the table . - Ryan and Alex get into the elevator together . she 's wear he jacket . we be about to see they kiss , when the elevator door close . int . concourse , milwaukee airport - morning Ryan and Alex stand between they gate . one sign read omaha . the other sign read chicago . alex when be I go to see you ? ryan you be just go to have to come and visit . alex so settle down . you be not go to change on I ... ryan same guy . just one address . we hear a board announcement for Chicago . Alex begin to step away to she gate . alex call I if you get lonely . a beat . and then ... ryan ... I be lonely . Alex turn for she gate and join the crowd . Ryan go to say something . he have a impulse ... but he finally ignore it and get in line under the sign that read " omaha " . CUT to : int . ryan's apartment , omaha - early evening the door open and Ryan wheel in he Roll - away . he walk over to the window , part the blind and check out he awful view . 100 . we see Ryan open some mail . we see Ryan lay in bed . it 's quiet . it 's alone . int . ctc headquarters , ctc - day Natalie be give Ryan a tour of the new online firing area - a series of cubicle with young guy on headset . she be in she element and very proud of she work . natalie ... some guy sit down in a conference room somewhere and a server route they session to one of we termination engineer . ryan you do not actually call they that . natalie I prefer " terminator " , but it bump with legal . ryan really ? I can not imagine why . natalie they follow a workflow that can take they through anything from a standard dismissal to a violent aggressor . ryan be they actually on line , right now ? natalie no , they be beta-test . role-playing . we go live at the end of the month . ( catch one of the guy make a mistake ) Kyle , you be run through the event too quickly . you have to give they time to acknowledge each statement . okay ? it 's a legal thing . Ryan can only watch . int . ryan's office , ctc - day Ryan be sit at he desk . he put on a headset . ryan this be ridiculous . 101 . int . conference room , ctc - another day Craig be lead a meeting . Ryan seem focus on something on he laptop . we see he screen : a itinerary for goalquest . ext . las vega strip - day one of the giant digital marquee read : " goalquest xx " int . GREEN room , goalquest - day Ryan sit on a sofa , hold he backpack . a slick goalquest host enter the room . goalquest host you ready to rock ? Ryan nod and get up . int . convention hall , las vega - day Ryan stand in the wing . he take a breath , then step out in front of a sea of people . the goalquest xx stage be like nothing we have see yet . large and professional . Blue banner hang from the ceiling . digital projector show Ryan 's headshot - what 's in you backpack ? Ryan set the back pack on a table and quickly unzip it . a breath . ryan last year , I fly three hundred fifty thousand mile . the moon be only two fifty . a long beat . uncomfortable . Ryan look at the back pack . ryan imagine for a second that you be carry a backpack ... I want you to feel the strap on you shoulder ... you feel they ? Ryan be not feel they . he be not inspire . he be not believable . he 's barely even there . 102 . ryan now , I want you to pack it with all the stuff you have in you life . start with the little thing . Ryan be try , but he can not find the will to do this . ryan the ... um ... the stuff in drawer and on shelf . Ryan take a beat . he just stare at the backpack and think about all the thing he have remove from it ... and then ... ryan Excuse I . and with that , Ryan leave the stage . handlers try to figure out what Ryan be do . the host run for the mic . goalquest host ( to ryan ) what the fuck be you do ? ( to crowd ) okay , everyone just relax . we will have you next guest out in a sec . ext . concourse , mccarran INTERNATIONAL airport - day Ryan hustle past slot machine until he be actually jogging . int . boarding gate , mccarran INTERNATIONAL airport - day Ryan run up to a gate . he 's the last one to board . int . boeing 757 - night over Ryan 's shoulder , through the window , we see Chicago below as the flight begin its descent . int . corridor of light , chicago o'hare airport - night Ryan on the people mover under the ceiling of neon light . peaceful music emit from hide speaker . Ryan walk briskly past idle rider . 103 . ext . rental car satellite kiosk , chicago - night Ryan hurriedly sign a hand -held device , hop into a sedan and speed off . the rental car assistant suddenly realize ... rental car assistant hey , you forget to give I you devotion Club card ! ext . townhouse , chicago suburb - night Ryan step out of he rental car and approach the door of the townhouse - check the address against a piece of hilton stationary . Ryan stop , knock , and put on a smile . we hear footstep . the door unlock and open revealing alex . she 's wear sweatpant and glass . she 's at home . she look different . ryan surprise . but there 's something else . Alex be in shock ... she 's freeze . something 's wrong . Ryan 's smile begin to melt . a man 's voice call from inside . man' voice ( o.c . ) honey , who 's at the door ? a couple kid run by through the background , giggle . a man chase after they . Alex be still speechless . her eye be angry and apologize all at the same time . Ryan just stand there . emotionally bleed to death . alex ( almost inaudible ) what be you do here ? Ryan begin to step away . he turn and head for he car , drop the flower . Alex 's husband become visible just as she 's shutting the door . alex' husband who be that ? 104 . alex ... just some guy who be lose . Ryan get in he rental car and drive off . ext . chicago hilton - night we be watch Ryan through he window from far away ... almost as if look through binocular . he sit on he bed , tie undone , hold a glass with a inch of scotch on he knee . int . ryan's suite , chicago hilton - morning we see quick glimpsis of Ryan get ready . crappy little coffee maker crappily brewing . crappy hotel bar of soap crappily lather . crappy hair dryer crappily blow . ext . AIR train , chicago o'hare airport - morning Ryan be on the phone with Alex . ryan how could you lie to I ? intercut with : int . alex be car , downtown garage - same Alex sit in the car with the engine run . alex what be you think - just show up at my door like that ? ryan what do you mean ? I want to see you . I do not know you have a family - why do not you tell I that ? alex come on , I think we sign up for the same thing . ryan try to help I understand . what be it you sign up for ? alex I think we relationship be perfectly clear . you be ... ( more ) 105 . alex ( cont 'd ) ( a long beat ) ... a escape . ryan I be a escape ? alex you know , a break from we normal life ... a parenthesis . ryan I be a parenthesis ? alex seriously , Ryan ? I can not believe we be have this conversation . I mean what do you want ? Ryan stumble on this . what do he want ? alex ( cont 'd ) you do not even know what you want . I be sorry that I ruin you night ... but you could have seriously screw thing up for I . that be my family . that 's my real life . ryan I think I be a part of you real life . alex ( sigh ) look , Ryan . I be a grow up . I do not hold a grudge . when you be ready to be a adult and see I again , just give I a call . Ryan can not quite believe what he 's hearing . there 's only one thing he can do . he hang up . ext . escalator , chicago o'hare airport - morning Ryan be walk when he phone buzze . he check the display - ctc Calling . he press ignore . int . ticket desk - chicago o'haire - day Ryan walk up to the ticket desk . he be more lose than usual . there be something plucky about the ticket agent . plucky ticket agent welcome back , Mr. bingham . 106 . ryan yeah , right , you get I in 2c ? plucky ticket agent of course . Left side aisle , non - bulkhead . just like you like it . ryan what 's get you so fuck happy ? the plucky agent fade a bit , then try to recompose . plucky ticket agent you board card , Mr. bingham . Ryan take the ticket and exit . int . boeing 757 - day Ryan sit do nothing . other around he play sudoku , read trashy paperback , work on laptop . Ryan just stair at the stitching on the seat in front of he . when ... " Bing " purser lady and gentleman , we have a special announcement to make . passenger look up . purser ( cont 'd ) we pilot have just inform I that we be pass over the city of Mesa ... which might not mean much to most of you , but mean a lot to one of we flier today , because he just hit ten ... million ... mile ... ryan oh no ... the gershwin theme song for the airline rain down from the overhead speaker . passenger clap . Flight attendant gather at Ryan 's seat with big smile and champagne . Ryan do not even react . he 's just stunne . the flight attendant separate just enough for a man in a bomber jacket to squeeze through . it 's maynard finch , the Chief Pilot from the commercial . maynard finch ( to ryan ) that seat take ? 107 . maynard give a little salute to he flight attendant , then slide by Ryan to the window seat . maynard finch you be the youngest yet to hit twenty mile . do not know where you find the time ... ( remembers ) oh right , here you go . maynard pull out a membership card . it 's actually be stamp from platinum . maynard finch ( cont 'd ) seventh card we have make . small club . we really appreciate you loyalty . it have a pair of wing around " member number 7 " . Ryan hold it between he fingertip ... catch he own reflection . ryan you know how many time I have think about this moment ? play out the conversation I would have with you right here . maynard finch really ? what do you want to say ? a long beat . ryan you know , I ... I can not remember . maynard finch that 's alright . happens to all of we . ( attempt chit chat ) so , where you from ? Ryan look at he straight in the face . ryan I be from here . int . ryan's office , ctc - next day Ryan pick up the phone at he desk . he remove he new ten million mile card and dial a number off the back . airline operator hello , Mr. bingham . 108 . ryan oh , how do you know it be I ? airline operator this be you dedicated line . we reserve they for we most loyal and dedicated flier . ryan oh. I would like to transfer some of my mile . can you open up a account under Jim and Julie Miller ? airline operator certainly . how many mile would you like to transfer ? ryan how many mile would it take to circle the globe ? airport operator we have we " around - the - world " ticket . they be five hundred thousand mile each . ryan sound perfect . Craig enter Ryan 's doorway . craig gregory get a second ? ryan ( to the airline operator ) I be go to have to call you right back . Craig take a seat across from Ryan . craig gregory what happen to you yesterday ? I be try to reach you all day . ryan I get tie up in ... personal stuff . what 's go on ? a uncomfortable beat . craig gregory do you remember Karen barne ? Ryan do not . 109 . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) she be part of a thirty person reduction a few week back in wichita . Natalie fire she . ryan no , I fire dozen of people a day . craig gregory she kill herself . jumped off a bridge . ryan fuck . craig gregory ( agree ) yeah . ( formality ) do you remember anyone give you any signal of anything ? Depression ? ryan they be all depressed . we be fire they . craig gregory hey , look , you know I have to ask . ryan no , I do not remember anything . of course they be upset . you never think that ... craig gregory be not any woman who give you any indication ...? anything ? Ryan remember she . ryan no , nothing that stand out . ( a thought ) be Natalie alright ? be she come in ? craig gregory Natalie quit . Ryan be not surprised . ryan just like that ? craig gregory text message . 110 . Ryan stifles a laugh . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) yeah , real fuck nice , right ? no one have manners anymore . ryan she say where she be go ? craig gregory Nah . she be pretty upset . ryan I should give she a call . craig gregory ( business ) I need you back in the air . Ryan do not react . craig gregory ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ? I think you would be thrilled . ryan I be fine . what about video conference ? craig gregory ctc be pause on the whole new media front for a moment . give it a little more think . get we work horse back out do what they do best . ryan how long be you send I out ? craig gregory we be go to let you sail and sail . send we a postcard if you ever get there . Ryan absorb this . nod . int . office , san francisco - day a management level guy sit at he desk . Bay Area sport paraphernalia on the wall . manager so , what happen ? we turn to reveal Natalie . 111 . natalie how exactly do you mean ? manager you graduate top of you class . you seem to have you pick of employment ... include right here . instead , you go to omaha ... to fire people for a live . natalie ( obvious cover ) it 's challenging work . manager I can not imagine do that day - in - day - out . not in this climate . natalie ( after a beat ) ... I follow a boy . the manager smile to himself . manager everybody do at one point or another . the manager raise a letter - it 's Ryan 's letter . manager this guy say I would be lucky to have you . int . ryan's office , ctc - day Ryan write the letter . we hear what he 's write ... ryan ( v.o. ) to whom it may concern , I can not even count the number of people I have fire in my lifetime . so many , that I have forget what it 's like to actually hire somebody . we have never meet , but I know you would be lucky to have Natalie keener . my advice ? take she and do not look back . she will be the best decision you have make in a long time . int . office , san francisco - day 112 . the manager put down the letter and reach out a hand . manager hope he 's right . Natalie break into a smile , then jump back to professional . int . corridor , ryan's loft - day Ryan step out he front door , roll -away in tow . int . omaha airport - day Ryan walk through the automated door . he look like he do in the open of the film . maybe even wear the same clothes . something be different though . ryan ( v.o. ) tonight , most people will be welcome home by jump dog and squealing kid . they spouse will ask about they day and tonight they will sleep . Ryan stop and look up at a giant board of destination . a endless list of city around the world . a menu of new life depart every five minute . ryan ( v.o. ) the star will wheel forth from they daytime hide place . we look back at Ryan . his eye lock on one of the city . we do not see which one . he make a mental decision and turn in the direction of the gate . he let go of he roll -away . ryan ( v.o. ) and one of that light , slightly brighter than the rest , will be my wingtip , pass over , bless they . Ryan take a step , but before he foot can land we ... CUT to cloud