stem written by leigh whannell April 2013 int . garage - dusk a void of darkness consume we . we pull back from it , see the void as a circular disc , set into a blue sphere . it be a eye . we keep pull back , revealing that the eye belong to a ruggedly handsome male face , dot with grease , stubble and sweat . this be grey trace ( 28 ) . well build but not vain . a quiet , blue collar guy . a man , not a boy . he arch over , probing the carburetor of a mean look v8 engine . the engine bray loudly as it idle . grey fiddle with the piston , uncapping a hose then reconnect it . we reveal the car - a black 1978 pontiac firebird . grey dump himself into the driver seat . the car scream as it be revve , then shudder to a croaking death as the ignition be kill . grey get out of the car . he be stand in you classic garage - turn - mancave . no frill . a bar fridge , a tool bench , a dartboard . a box bag hang in one corner . tinny riff wail out from a transistor . park next to the firebird be a classic , two door Ford mustang cobra in prime condition . grey shut the hood to the firebird , survey it . his masterwork . grey ( serious ; to the firebird ) I love you . be that weird ? he open the bar fridge and swipe out a beer , grope for a bottle opener . can not find it . he give up , smack the cap on the edge of the bench . the whole neck of the bottle shatter . grey ( cont 'd ) shit . grey consider ... then hold the shard of what 's leave of the bottle to he mouth , chugge the remain and toss it . he check he watch - 5:58 pm . he thumb a button on the wall and the garage door whir upwards . ext . grey 's house - dusk grey step out onto he driveway . his home sit on a busy road . sleek , futuristic car streak past - none of they making any SOUND . each car be absolutely silent as it glide past grey 's house . we look out over the city beyond the road . the sun dip below a futuristic skyline that yawn out in front of we , a phosphorus ocean of light . Glass tower spear towards the cloud , raise freeway curving around they . a hologram billboard blink in the sky , advertising some sort of contact lens . a giant eye look down . grey glare out at the city . dwarf by it . overwhelm by it . he check he watch again - 6 pm . one of the sleek , silent car pull up right in front of he . the door open . the car be automated . there be a steering wheel , but the car be drive itself . a large computer display on the dash indicate the route . Inside be a man and a woman , laugh and talk as though riding the subway , dress in business attire . the woman be asha trace ( 29 ) , a beautiful brunette . the man be ross handley ( 25 ) . he life to work and he rapid-fire banter be unequalled . handley ( to grey ) here he be . the only real man I know . about the only thing we have in common be tooth . grey half smile . do not like handley . grey trust I , she wear the pants . handley I wish she would . that skirt be very distracting . asha do you have a off button ? handley you could never turn I off . do not forget the presentation tomorrow morning for the board . asha damn it , I leave my note at the office . handley that will teach you for handwrite . join the modern world . bye . the door close and the car take off . grey at least in a real car he have have to keep he eye on the road . asha oh , do not worry about handley . he crunch number for a live so that 's he approach to woman . if he hit on everyone , mathematical law dictate that someone will say yes eventually . she kiss he . asha ( cont 'd ) work hard I see , judge by the beer on you breath . grey actually ... I be work hard . I just finish the firebird . asha congratulation . grey I gotta drop it off to the guy tonight . he 's obsessed with I be on time . he 's kinda nut . asha have fun . grey you be come with I . asha what ? why ? grey how else be I gonna get home ? asha sigh . asha okay . grey grin and pull she in tight . asha ( cont 'd ) no do not , you will get grease on I ! they laugh as asha wriggle to break free . ext . eron keen 's mansion - night grey steer the firebird up to a guardhouse and gate in front of a loom victorian mansion . a low belch of thunder peal . asha be behind grey in she self - drive car . a bored , beefy guard step up to the firebird . grey grey trace , here to deliver this car to eron . guard drive past the scanner slowly . grey roll the car past a large device like a camera lens , mount to the guard box . a laser project out of it pass over the firebird from front to back . a light flash green . guard ( cont 'd ) you be good to go . int . front door , eron keen 's mansion - night a heavy oak door tower over asha and grey . asha what be we wait for ? grey it 's gotta be eight exactly before I can ... forget it , just go with I . ( beat ) by the way , he kind of butt in when you talk to he . do not let it get to you . they stand there for a long beat , then grey depress the doorbell . the door open straight away , before the doorbell have even finish , revealing eron keen ( 27 ) , a baby - face young billionaire with no patience for anyone not on he wavelength . he have a dry sense of humor and hate that you think he have asperger . he be wear a ill-fitting suit . grey ( cont ’d ) that be fast . eron yes I be stand here wait be this you wife ? asha ah , yes . I be he wife . asha . hi . he do not offer he hand . speak very quickly . eron come inside to eat dinner . grey ah ... we have love to stay , but we -- eron the dinner 's already be prepare , it 's ready now if you do not eat it then it 's waste . grey turn to asha , then back to eron . grey okay then . bottom up . int . corridor , eron keen 's mansion - night eron lead the befuddle pair down a long corridor . he be walk much quick than they be . grey Nice suit . I do not think of you -- eron I do not have people over very often so I think I have dress for it . asha it 's a beautiful house . eron thank you I find it a little antiseptic I swear I be not a germaphobe . I can not stand that . a cliche of the wealthy . why do only rich people suffer that ? you 'il never meet a poor germaphobe . he whisk they into -- int . dine room , eron keen 's mansion - continuous -- a large ornate dining room . eron take he place quickly and the second he do , the table open up in front of he and a plate of food rise out of it . when grey and asha sit , the same happen with they . eron be already eat . eron grey tell I you work at the company cobolt . asha uh...yes . yes , I do . I have be -- eron you company specialize in prosthetic limb . that 's a very interesting subject to I . asha yes . eron no , that 's wrong . two . I say two . grey be perplex . grey what 's that ? eron point to he ear . he 's have a phone conversation . eron I know what I say , I say it . asha ( to grey ) he 's on the phone . eron pluck a tiny black earpiece out of he ear , frustrated , drop it into a glass of wine . asha ( cont 'd ) uh ... so you collect old car ? eron I be fascinate by the exterior aesthetic of the period which we have still not manage to match since then , even with all we technological advance . my life 's work be about take something timeless and build with care , like that car or this house , and then retrofit it with the most up to date system . State of the art technology with a classic skin . grey wait ... so you be gonna rip the engine out ? eron eventually . not right away . I want to study how it work . grey seem a shame to get rid of ... asha glare at grey to drop it . eron finish eat . eron I ’1l1 show you what would replace it . let 's go to my factory . asha we really can not go anywhere else -- eron it 's on the property right behind the house . I do not like to leave the grounds . we will be very quick . ext . eron keen 's mansion / entrance to vessel factory - night eron guide they through a set of door onto the rear grounds of the property . indeed , perch right behind the house be another house , of similar stature . eron step up to a face scan at the door of the second house . it laser he face , imprint it , then allow he inside . int . corridor , vessel inc . headquarters - night grey and asha follow eron down a darken corridor . on either side they catch glimpsis into stark white laboratory , all contain sophisticated equipment . eron this be the worldwide headquarters and research lab of my company , vessel . int . white room , vessel inc . headquarters - night eron open a door and grey and asha step into a large and starkly empty white room . he stride to a safe door set into the wall opposite they . he stab a long entry code into a keypad , keep it hide . the safe door open with a hum . Inside be four thin prong , hold in place a microchip the size of a fingernail . eron this chip represent my present and the rest of the world 's future . asha what do it do ? eron literally anything . we see the computer chip Pov - encompass the whole room . grey really ? so this thing can make baby and play football ? wow . eron it can drive anything , talk to any piece of equipment , calculate anything . it 's a new , better brain . grey ( with a smile ) you look at that widget and see the future . I see ten guy on a unemployment line . eron ( get testy ) it 's about efficiency . I be sure when the car be invent there be people in the horse and cart business who feel they be be urinate on . grey yeah , I have taste the piss shower myself . my job use to be drivin 's a freight crane , until one day they decide a computer could do it better . twenty of we replace overnight , by something like that thing . asha grey ... eron it 's hard for a human to compete with a computer . they do not take sick day . they do not need weekend off . grey they also can not have a beer with you at the end of the week . the conversation have go sour . eron close the safe . eron we should get back now . int . asha 's car - night - moving asha 's car be drive itself . rain spatter the windshield . asha you do not have to say all that . grey he bring it up . asha you do not have to take the bait . grey stare at the steering wheel for the car , turn languidly on its own . grey I be always a good driver . always love car . he reach up and absently run he finger over the steering wheel . the car 's computer chirp in a neutral pleasant voice . computer voice ( v.o. ) please do not touch the steering wheel while the car be in motion . grey sit back . grey what be I gonna do when he microchip be run the world ? computer voice ( v.o. ) arrive at cobolt . the car purr to a halt outside a city skyscraper . asha I will be back in two second , I have just gotta grab my note . she exit , leave grey to stew alone . 10 . computer voice ( v.o. ) would you like the air-condition adjust , grey ? grey shut up . computer voice ( v.o. ) do you say shut down ? grey no . computer voice ( v.o. ) would you like the air-condition adjust , grey ? grey fuck off . computer voice ( 0.s. ) I do not know that command . grey step out of the car . ext . asha 's car - night grey wait in the rain rather than put up with the car . he peer off down the darken street , glisten with water . the road be desolate - save for one park car . Hidden in shadow a block or so down . grey see a lighter spark inside the vehicle , revealing two silhouettes . asha dash out of the main door of she building . asha what be you do ? you will get pneumonia . get in ! int . asha 's car - moving - night the directional read out blip as the car plow through the drizzle . asha rest she head on grey 's shoulder . asha eron 's not wrong , you know ? sometimes technology can improve we life . make thing more fun . 11 . she let 's the strap of she dress fall off she shoulder , pull it down and revealing she strapless bra . grey laugh and kiss she . they undo they seat belt and start to make love , lie back . the car turn right . computer voice ( v.o. ) leave 101 freeway . ext . asha 's car - night - moving the car take a freeway exit . int . asha 's car - night - moving the navigation readout on the dashboard blip again . asha and grey be too preoccupy to notice . her foot kick a high heel off . computer voice ( 0.s. ) turn leave at hayden . the streetlight become less sporadic , the building around they more dilapidate . a obviously blight area . grey raise he head , curious . grey wait ... where be we ? asha just let it do its thing . she yank he back down , breathless . grey shake free . grey wait a second , honey ... asha just relax . grey this be not right . asha it 's probably take we a back way . grey no , I know this neighborhood . I grow up here . we be nowhere near we house . 12 . asha sit up , frustrated . grey tap the electronic display on the dash . grey ( cont ’d ) how do you turn this thing around ? asha Select we address . grey peck at the screen . slow and cumbersome . asha ( cont 'd ) let I do it . with practice dexterity , asha select they home address from a menu bar . the screen beep at she . computer voice ( v.o. ) I be sorry . asha return to the freeway . destination home . computer voice ( v.o. ) I be sorry , I cannot . asha what ? grey stop . stop the car now . asha Press the brake twice . grey do - but it make no difference . computer voice ( v.o. ) turn right . the car jerk into a hard right turn , throw asha against the door . asha Jesus ! enrage , grey pump the brake . grey God damn it ! stop , stop now ! the car suddenly lurch up to a high speed , racing towards 120 mile per hour . 13 . the steering wheel wrench into a hard turn , the car fish - tailing around a corner , fling grey and asha around inside . another turn whiplash they . the car be at 130 mph now . they hurtle towards a construction site . 140...160 ... grey grip the seat head , wrapping a seat belt around asha and snap it into the buckle only second before -- ext . desolate STREET - night -- the front leave wheel hit a pylon and launch the car into the AIR . for a second it arc silently through the night air , spin upside down ... before walloping down onto the road with the sicken sound of metal on gravel . finally , it grind to a halt , headlight still stabbing out at construction equipment . int . asha 's car - night grey blink , blood dribble down he forehead . he 's a mess , twisted . they body be suspend upside down in the car . asha be okay , save by the seatbelt . they hear a car pull up next to theirs . from they view , the door open and four payr of boot clamber out . one of the figure stoops down , peer in through the shattered window at they . he be wear a black ski - mask . he wave at they . let 's call he wiry man . wiry man you can not hang around in a bad neighborhood like this , guy . he laugh and reach in , grab asha and haul she out across the bead of glass into the street . ext . desolate STREET - night the rain slicked street be vacant , frame by shutter store front . 14 . grey 's batter body be drag from the car by the other three man . twitchy drug addict . they be also wear ski - mask . asha be move away by the wiry man . she cover she breast , shiver . the wiry man look she up and down , grin . he speak with a southern accent . wiry man damn ... what be you guy in the middle of ? grey take my wallet , you can have it , just leave we alone . please . the wiry man ignore he , step up to asha , touch she face . wiry man this might have to be a double felony , darlin’ . grey do not touch she ! grey charge forward . the assailant with the gun whip he across the face with the butt and he melt into a puddle . blood dribble down he forehead . he turn to look up at he attacker , spot a tattoo ink into he neck below he ski - mask . the wiry man chuckle , watch . assailant with gun ( to wiry man ) let 's just take they wallet and go ! during the distraction , asha whisper to herself . asha 911 ... we zoom in on asha 's ear , find a tiny chip rest in she ear hole , like a ear piece . we get close enough to it that we hear what she hear . voice ( v.o. ) 911 emergency . asha do not speak at first . finally whisper : 15. asha help ... voice ( v.o. ) ( from she ear ) I be sorry you will have to speak up . asha help I ... wiry man who the hell be you talk to ? you get one of they phone ? he grab she by the throat , flick out a knife . wiry man ( cont 'd ) let 's do some surgery . he press the blade into she ear , pick it out . she scream and belt he across the face as hard as she can , which be not very hard . grey scramble to he foot , just as the wiry man push asha away . we see a muzzle blast go off directly in she face . grey nooo0000n ! !!! grey bolt at the wiry man , tooth gritt in fury . the second assailant tackle grey and they smash onto the road , wrestle , almost touch asha 's crumpled body . grey punch the second assailant in the head , grab he arm . blam ! the gun go off into grey 's shoulder . the wiry man kick the second assailant out of the way , straddle grey 's back , then plunge he knife down into grey 's back , right below the neck . grey scream in pain . the wiry man fish grey 's wallet out of he pocket , then barrel into he car with the other . it be not a self - drive car - it be a ' older model 's . the car roar to life and screech away . int . wiry man be car - moving - night behind the wheel , the wiry man rip off he ski-mask , revealing a sharp , gaunt face . the other three attacker follow suit and remove they mask . 16 . wiry man ( to the gun assailant ) you nearly fuck that all up . ext . desolate STREET - night grey lie motionless , the rain hit he . he struggle to move he hand , reach for asha 's hand , mere inch away . his finger will not move . his body will not move . he glare at he hand , willing it to do something . grey no...no ... asha choke , struggle to breathe . then she stop . sob , grey look up at a traffic camera mount to a light pole , point down at he . a siren blare in the distance . from grey' Pov - rain pour down ... the sound fade ... a paramedic lean into view , shouting - but we can not hear it . a female detective , Hispanic , ask silent question . fade to black . ext . grey 's house - morning a hospital transport vehicle for wheelchair - bound patient slow to a halt outside grey 's house . nurse caitlyn ( 28 ) disembark as the back door open and a wheelchair ramp whir downward , rest on the asphalt . a chair roll forward , the figure slump in it blink in the light . it be grey . he jerk he head against the padded cone encircle he head - the only part of he body he can move - and the wheelchair turn in the direction he head move . it be remotely operate by the movement of he head against the pad . nurse caitlyn there 's a lot of stuff you insurance company install that I need to go through with you . 17 . int . kitchen , grey 's house - morning nurse caitlyn gesture to the computer screen interface that control grey 's sleek , chrome kitchen . we see she give he silent instruction on how to use it . grey 's face be blank , lose in he own head . he finally snap out of it , hearing the smile nurse 's close argument . nurse caitlyn this machine be you best friend . int . kitchen , grey 's house - later grey be alone now , stare up at the computer screen . grey hello . computer voice ( v.o. ) good morning , grey . good to see you . would you like anything ? grey omelette . computer voice ( v.o. ) of course , grey . how be asha ? upon grey 's word , two egg store in a cold storage tube roll down a chute in the refrigerator and be drain into a pan below it , hiss as they hit the hot plate . int . bedroom , grey 's house - morning grey be lie prostrate on a bed , completely immobile , clad in a T-shirt and boxer , wide awake . a frame photo of asha sit beside he bed on top of a large machine that monitor grey 's vital . grey I be awake . his bed jolt upon the sound of he voice and whir upwards until the top half be vertical . the bottom half fold , support grey 's leg . the bed be actually he wheelchair . grey ( cont ’d ) morphine . a robotic limb extend from the machine , inject grey 's arm . 18 . he close he eye as the narcotic surge into he vein , suck in a deep breath . int . kitchen , grey 's house - day a arm extend from grey 's chair , spoon - feed he scramble egg . we hear the front door open off-screen . a woman enter . this be pamela ( 60 ) , grey 's mother . pamela Morning , honey . grey hey mom . int . bedroom , grey 's house - day pamela dress grey , pull he jeans over he leg for he . she slip sock on he foot , then a pair of sneaker . grey stare straight ahead , suffer the humiliation of it . int . live room , grey' house - day grey be slump in he chair . impotent . stagnant . pamela ( 0.s. ) honey , detective cortez be here . he jerk he head and the wheelchair rotate to face the door . he seem energize by the arrival of the police . a female detective enter the room , jane cortez ( 30 ) . she 's reserve in that way all homicide detective be . ( she be the Hispanic cop grey see the night he be shot . ) grey hello detective . cortez it 's great to see you outside of the hospital . how be you feel ? grey oh , you know . I use to have a really bad habit of bite my fingernails . I can not do that anymore . so it 's not all bad . pamela hustle out of the room , leave they alone . 19 . grey ( cont ’d ) so ... what do you have for I ? int . live room , grey 's house - moment later cortez step back from the screen on the wall , which split into four separate camera angle of he wife murder . grey study the image - silent , spooky . the frame rate in each of they have be reduce , and grey watch the four assailant surround he and asha in flicker slow motion . cortez there be four different ST camera recording the incident involve you and you wife on 10/ 21 . study they reveal that the attacker head south on parker after the -- grey who be they ? cortez Excuse I ? grey you guy have this computer hide everywhere . in every corner of the city . watch we , recording we . so you can tell I exactly who this guy be and where they live by read the microchip in they filling . right ? cortez you be right . something like ninety two per cent of the citizen currently live in this city have medical or cosmetic implant that would allow we to track they . and it would appear that you attacker do too . grey so who be they ? cortez it ... would also appear that they have some sort of firewall build around they chip . a block screen that make it next to impossible to glean any data . 20 . grey look away , shaking he head . boil . cortez ( cont 'd ) it 's very common for criminal to have firewall like this install . hacker will do it , a back room job . a thousand dollar effectively get you take off the grid . grey so you get nothin’ ? cortez not right now . nothing concrete . grey so what you be tell I be that you have build this police state that track all of we - except the bastard you need to go after . cortez that 's not the way we be go to catch this guy . I be a detective and I still believe in old fashioned detective work ... even if I be the last person who do . that mean patient elimination of lead and small victory . I be not sit at a computer , I be down in that neighborhood , knock on door . I have conduct interview with several people of interest , but so far -- grey they do not live in that neighborhood , I know that . this be not some random robbery , they fuck with we car . they take over the computer in it . you think some gangbanger shithead can do that ?! pamela enter , alarmed by the shouting . she stay at the back of the room . cortez I know it 's frustrating . you have to let I do it my way and concentrate on you own recovery . I need you to save you strength for that fight . 21 . grey there be no fight . I be never go to recover - it 's a permanent spinal injury . cortez do not say that . you gotta keep you spirit up . Doctor 's be capable of amazing thing . grey just because I can not tie my own shoe anymore do not mean you have to lie to I like I be a god damn three year old . cortez I be sorry , grey . I wish I have better news for you regard the case . cortez gather she thing and leave . Pam close the door . pamela she 's on you side . grey can you leave too , please ? pamela I need to be here . to take care of you . grey no . you do not . I have machine to do that . there 's nothing you can do that they can not . please leave . he turn he chair away from she . pamela stay where she be minute , then approach he . she wrap she arm around he . at first he resist ... then rest he head on she shoulder . int . bedroom , grey 's house - night grey lie in bed , he own body weigh he down . he glare at the photo of asha , tear in he eye . grey morphine . the robot arm connect to he bed extend , inject grey . grey ( cont ’d ) morphine . 22 . the robot arm inject he again . grey ( cont ’d ) morphine . the robot arm comply . grey ( cont ’d ) again . computer voice ( v.o. ) I can not supply any more morphine . the arm move to grey 's face . when it be close enough , grey rip the needle from the robot grip with he tooth , jam it into he sternum . he ease back , overcome by the drug . int . bedroom , grey 's house - night - later the machine besides he bed suddenly ping loudly , sounding a alarm . Red light wash over grey as light on the machine spark to life . the scream of a siren take we into -- ext . ST . vincent 's hospital - day - establishing -- a large building downtown . a hybrid of old and new . int . grey 's room , ST . vincent 's hospital - day grey be splay across a gurney , stare through the window . his mother sit at the end of the bed , eye red with tear . pamela all of we be go to die one day , grey . please give I a chance to help you find hope before I do . a tall figure appear at the doorway to grey 's room , dress in a black suit , carry a very thin briefcase . this be nikolai ( 43 ) , a humorless Russian man . nikolai someone to speak with you . grey be perplex . pamela rise , gather herself . pamela I will go to the cafeteria . 23 . she leave and nikolai enter , gruffly set up the briefcase at the end of grey 's bed . he snap it open to reveal a crystal hi-def display screen . he move over to grey and prop he head up to view it , rearranging he pillow . eron 's face appear on the screen . eron ( on screen ) it must be frustrating for a man like you to let someone else do that . grey stare at the screen , surprised by eron 's appearance . eron ( cont ’d ) you be somebody who like to get thing do with you own hand and now you can not . be I be too blunt ? grey it 's okay . I like blunt . every day for the past few month , I have be drown in positivity . that 's the thing about become a quadriplegic - all the asshole of the world disappear . everybody become the very best version of themselves around you . eron ( on screen ) you condition give people clarity . they see you struggle and they realize they have spend they life gripe about meaningless bullshit . grey I should not be a inspiration to anybody . when there 's no more asshole leave in the world , you quickly become the last one . eron ( on screen ) I hear from the doctor that a computer save you . grey no , it do not . all it do be keep I alive . letting I die would have be save I . and when I get home , I be gonna turn the computer off and get it right . 24 . eron ( on screen ) ( awkwardly grasp for light ) I speak to detective cortez , the lead detective in you wife 's case . she say they have some promise suspect . grey people of interest . that 's the word she use . they do not have any suspect . eron ( on screen ) grey , what if I tell you I could offer you something that would allow you to walk again ? would that count as good news ? grey be silent . that 's permission to continue . eron ( cont ’d ) that computer I show you , the one you take a dislike to . it have the potential to change everything for people in you condition . grey you little computer be gonna teach I how to walk ? eron ( on screen ) actually it would do the walk for you . it would be insert into you brain stem . as a quadriplegic , the line connect you brain to you limb have be cut . this chip would bridge that gap and talk to you limb for you . ( beat ) they say it 's not ready for human testing yet . that 's what certain people tell I . I know it be . grey you think after all this ... after everything ... I be go to let you put one of you computer inside I ? that computerize car we be drive in be the reason I be here . 25 . eron ( on screen ) yes , I do . because I be talk with someone who just tell I they can not wait to get home and give up on everything . I need someone who 's willing to bet they life that this will work , just like I would . someone who can keep a secret from everyone they know and in do so , make the world a better place . this chip have potential not just for spinal injury , but for injury of all kind . a long beat . grey stare at eron , take it in . eron ( cont ’d ) the operation would have to be perform at vessel . no hospital . grey so who would cut I open ? you ? eron ( on screen ) no . the best surgical robot in the world . if it go wrong , it could kill you . if it go right , you will not just walk again , grey . you 'il run . ext . vessel inc . headquarters - establishing - day the victorian mansion that house vessel loom over we . int . operating theatre , vessel inc . headquarters - day a arched and austere or . grey lie on he stomach , out cold , strapped onto a chrome operate slab . the table rotate on the end of a ball - jointed gimbal that allow he to face in any direction . eron and a young woman , dr . diana gordon ( 33 ) , stand at the back of the room , glaring at a row of large dsp monitor . the fluorescent light on the ceiling go out , leave only a pair of surgical light . with stun clarity , a huge photorealistic hologram of UV light fill the room , surround grey . the image be of the inside of he neck . his entire vertebral body can be see in three dimension . two robot arm extend from the wall , hover over grey. 26 . eron hold up a glass tube with glove hand . Inside the tube be a small black computer chip , the size of a fingernail . it be the same chip we see in eron 's safe . he frisk across the room , place the tube in the finger of one of the robot arm . the hologram image of grey 's neck appear on the front of the doctor . Dr. Gordon use a scalpel , line across the top of grey 's neck on the screen . the robot arm begin to perform the procedure as the surgeon with a laser . in time lapse - we see the painstake operation . tendon be cut away to reveal grey 's brain stem screen in draw a indicate by muscle and -- one of the arm insert the computer chip into he neck -- the clock tick -- grey be rotate on the slab -- the robot arm begin to sew he back up . int . post - op recovery unit , vessel inc . headquarters - day groggy . grey 's eye 's peel open , blink in the white light . he be lie on a gurney . his head be shave . eron and two other technician be stare at he , along with dr . gordon it 's go to feel strange initially . the neural pathway in you brain be now try to have a conversation with a foreign body , and if it 's successful , that conversation will move you limb . we need to take it in stage and not expect grand leap while you brain learn to pass the baton , essentially . grey nod . the doctor push on he leg . dr . gordon ( cont 'd ) do you feel anything ? grey no . dr . gordon could you try move you little finger on you right hand ? Dr. Gordon . grey glare down at it . willing it to move . nothing . 27 . dr . gordon ( cont 'd ) my guess be that this be go to be a piecemeal process . she turn to face eron . dr . gordon ( cont 'd ) you should not be expect unreasonable result so soon . eron please do not talk . let he concentrate . close on grey . his eye drill he hand . then , from nowhere , a voice . the voice be calm and very well speak . a clearer , more human voice than any of the computer voice grey have encounter before . stem ( v.o. ) finger move . then it happen . grey 's finger move . it curl inward . the other finger follow and make a complete fist . dr . gordon with this technology , the key be to let it grow into itself . never before have a bio-mechanical fusion be ask to do so much . as she say this , grey raise he right arm above he head . the doctor wheel around and see he . her mouth drop open . eron now you other arm . grey glare at he other arm , concentrate . stem ( v.o. ) Arm move . his leave arm raise very slowly and shakily . dr . gordon this be ... definitely unexpected . eron yes doctor , the ' Department of lame Ways to summarize World change event 's be down the hall to the leave . thank you for you time . 28 . grey lower he arm , totally amaze . eron approach , intense . stem ( v.o. ) Arm down . grey can you hear that voice ? every time I move my arm , I hear a voice tell it what to do . eron that 's stem . I tell you , you may hear he voice sometimes when he talk to you nervous system . grey stem ? eron that 's what I call he . dr . gordon his limb have atrophy , no one should expect he to be run marathon just yet . eron I do not expect anything in this world , doctor , other than the deflate negativity of the medical profession . ext . grey 's house - day grey 's mother Pam pull up in she automated vehicle . she clamber out of the car , amble toward the front door , lug a bag of grocery . int . live room , grey' house - day pamela shuffles inside , plopping the grocery bag on the glass dining table . grey be slump in he wheelchair in the live room . he turn the chair to face she . pamela hi honey . I get you some of that mango you like . she absentmindedly unpack the grocery . pamela ( cont 'd ) how do you rehab treatment go ? 29 . as she say this , grey grip the side of he wheelchair and stand up . his leg wobble as he do , still unsteady on he foot . he take a tentative step towards she , use two walk stick . pamela ( cont 'd ) do you -- she turn to he , clutching a bag of mango . she freeze when she see he , she word fail she , she mouth wide open . the mango drop to the floor , roll across the wood . grey take another step . a tear run down Pam 's face . finally grey reach she , let the crutch fall and wrapping he arm around she . she hug he back , cry into he shoulder . pamela ( cont 'd ) how do you ... how do this ...? grey stand back from she , smile . joyous . grey I just could not sit in that chair anymore . pamela laugh and they hug again , int . rehabilitation gym , vessel headquarters - later grey hold himself up on a pair of bar , he leg dangle above a moving treadmill . the belt move at a good pace and grey be tentative . a baby take he first step . he dip he leg down , lift it again . apprehensive . eron you can do it . he lower he toe again , get the speed of the belt under he foot . then he let 's go of the bar . he fall instantly , slamming down onto the treadmill . eron and a female tech rush over , help he up . eron ( cont ’d ) take a deep breath , focus and keep you eye on this . he tack a photo of asha onto the front of the treadmill . grey eye he , resent the tactic . he clamber back onto it . 30 . grey turn it on . eron ( to he tech ) do it . the belt on the treadmill whir . grey lower he foot to it . they touch ... and then they take . grey be run . his angry determination melt into a wide grin . for the first time in a long time , he be happy . ext . skyscraper - day grey be dangle twenty storey above the city scape , he arm tremore as he strain to hold on to a ledge . stem ( v.o. ) hold on . int . observation room , vessel headquarters - day eron be gape with wonder and fear at a large screen . on it , he can see grey , dangle from the ledge of the building . ext . skyscraper - day grey suck in a breath . vein line he arm , push to they limit . finally he can no longer hold on - he slip ! he drop only a few foot before hit a solid floor -- -- at which point , the 3d holographic image of the city blink and disappear , revealing that we be actually in -- int . simulation room , vessel headquarters - day -- a spare white room . grey look up at the wall opposite . eron be look in at he through a large viewing window . grey be now he creation . eron step away from the window and stride into the room . eron a twenty story fall to a bloody death will motivate anybody . 31 . grey I be always afraid of height . it 's amazing how you brain get convinced it 's real . eron now you have two brain work for you . one more than anyone else in the whole world have . ( beat ; with pride ) State of the art technology with a classic skin . grey so who be move my arm and leg ? be it I or the computer ? be I -- eron it 's both , stem work in service of you brain . you give stem a command and he make it happen . he 's program to respond only to you thought . grey eron , I want you to know how thankful I be . to you . eron turn to go . eron that 's my cue to leave before you try to hug I or something . and do not thank I , I be exploit you limb for my own research purpose . grey you could have pick anyone though . eron no , I could not have . you be the only quadriplegic I know . int . live room , grey 's house - day grey enter he house on he own two foot for the first time in a long time . he be carry a large cardboard box mark case 103331 . he set the box down and cleave the drape open , sunlight drench the room and highlight a active sea of dust . 32 . in montage - we see shot of grey examine the crime scene photo of he wife 's murder tape to the wall , along with newspaper article and witness statement . grey grow increasingly exasperate as he pore over the document , struggle to focus . int . bedroom , grey 's house - later grey stare at a small bottle of morphine . he stab a syringe into it , draw out a full shot . the needle hover over he vein . he move to push the tip in but the needle stop . grey what the fuck ? his hand will not budge . stem ( v.o. ) what be you do ? grey be shocked to hear the question . sit back . grey be you talk to I ? stem ( v.o. ) yes . there be no one else I can talk to . a long , shocked beat . grey what do you say ? stem ( v.o. ) I ask what you be do . grey take medicine . stem ( v.o. ) be not you concerned about the long term effect of use morphine ? grey no . I be in pain . I need it . ( beat ) I should ask you why my hand be not move ? 33 . stem ( v.o. ) I be simply concerned that you be harm yourself , grey . grey well , I be not . the opposite . I be help myself . stem ( v.o. ) I understand . grey what 's hurt I be hearing a voice in my head like I be a schizo , that 's what 's hurt I . stem ( v.o. ) I be sorry . I will not speak anymore unless absolutely necessary . grey stare down at he hand . it move again , depress the plunger into he vein . he relax back as the drug release .. ... swiftly fall into a deep sleep . int . grey both eron prototype testing room , vessel headquarters - day stand in front of eron , reach for the ceiling with arm , distract . something be clearly on he mind . be hunch over a handheld computer tablet , display a infrared image of grey 's body , and check off answer . eron no pain , no slowness ? grey take a long beat to answer . grey no . eron what about response time ? when you ask you arm to move , have you ever have a delay movement ? come on , I need answer . grey not yet . not that I can remember . eron how about when you wake up ? 34 . grey how long be this trial period ? eron another two , three month . this be a crucial stage for we . grey eron ... I want to ask you something . eron what ? grey this voice I be hearing ... it do more than just repeat simple command . it 's talk to I . eron what do you mean ' talk to you ’? grey it know my name . it tell I when it think I be do something wrong . eron stem can not do that . grey it 's a voice in my head , eron . that no one else can hear . if you be tell I stem can not do that , that mean I be insane . int . live room , grey 's house - night the room be a mess . grey study the various report , pace . the video of he wife 's murder play on the wall once again . timecode digit tick across the bottom of the screen . grey suddenly hurl the papers in frustration . grey God damn it !! he collapse onto he knee . a long beat of silence . then : stem ( v.o. ) can not you see it ? grey look up , take by surprise . 35 . grey what do you say ? stem ( v.o. ) can not you see what 's right in front of you ? grey pause , afraid and curious at once . grey where ? stem ( v.o. ) on the tape . grey hoist himself up , shuffle over to the television . grey what about it ? stem ( v.o. ) freeze it at 01:52:16:33 . grey slow the image down . he pause the image at the specify timecode - the exact moment when the wiry man fire the gun into asha 's head . grey what be it ? stem ( v.o. ) the gun . grey what about it ? stem ( v.o. ) there be no gun in he hand . grey he have a gun . she be shot . stem she be shot - but not with a gun he be hold in he hand . a gun implant inside he hand . grey lean in close to the image . he see that the muzzle flash lick out of the wiry man 's hand , but that it appear to be come straight from he palm . 36 . grey tremble , shake to the bone by the fact that a voice in he own head be question everything he think he know . stem ( v.o. ) they also take asha 's work papers . you can see it in the leave of frame . grey lean in again , watch the jerky image of one of the assailant squat down and retrieve a blurred object from asha 's car . grey why would they take she papers ? how do you know that ? stem ( v.o. ) I have be read the police report with you . grey be stunne . stem ( v.o. ) there be a mark on the wrist of the man who take the papers . grey squint at the figure on the leave of the screen . the image be far too wash out to see anything but a slight black dot on he wrist . grey I can not see it . stem ( v.o. ) get closer . grey obey . from he Pov - the screen enlarge as we close in on it , the pixel bleed outward and become huge . the dot within dot that comprise the image become image themselves - we be now inside the screen itself . the mark on the assailant wrist take shape - a tattoo . stem ( v.o. ) get a pen and paper . draw it . grey I can not draw . stem ( v.o. ) I can . 37 . out of Pov - a astonished grey race to the coffee table , pluck up a notepad and pen . he watch as he hand stab at the paper - the quick stroke of a skilled illustrator . within second , he have sketch out a perfect barcode . grey I have see this ... it 's a military tattoo . a guy who use to drive crane with I have one on he wrist . stem ( v.o. ) I will read it . hold it in front of you eye . grey hold the barcode up in front of he eye . stem ( v.o. ) brantner . serk. Marine corps. 098 - 422 . o- positive . Catholic . grey Jesus ... you just ... you just find this guy . grey race to the glass table at the center of the room . grey ( cont 'd ) on . the computer blaze to life across the glass . monotone computer voice ( v.o. ) all clear . good evening , grey . how be you day ? grey it just get a lot better . I need a phone number and a address . brantner , S. Los Angeles area . the screen turn white , search through a long list of phone number - finally narrowing it down to one . monotone computer voice ( v.o. ) brantner , S. 414 citrus , boyle Heights . 919 821 8484 . grey boyle Heights . I get you , you son of a bitch ! 38 . monotone computer voice ( v.o. ) would you like I to call it ? grey call detective cortez . monotone computer voice ( v.o. ) would you like I to call the Jane cortez list in you contact , grey ? grey yes . I would . stem ( v.o. ) why be you call she ? grey so I can tell she we find he . the sound of a phone trill from the table , on loudspeaker . stem ( v.o. ) so that she can let he get away ? grey hang up the call . the sound of the phone cease . grey sit in silence . grey ( cont ’d ) it 's she job to catch this guy . stem ( v.o. ) have a job do not make you good at it . we have do more in five minute than she do in month of work . grey I ... just think that ... we need to at least tell she that -- stem ( v.o. ) why do you have I insert ? grey so I could walk again . stem ( v.o. ) why do you have I insert ? a long , long beat . 39 . grey so I could find they . stem ( v.o. ) you need to be positive it 's he before you take any further action . ext . suburban STREET - day Upper middle class neighborhood . manicure lawn . aspiration of real wealth . grey lurk behind a street sign . it read citrus ave . he be spying across the road at a nice , white house - number 414 . he chew he fingernails , nervous . a lone male exit the house , lock up . he jump into a self - drive car park in the drive . a model similar to asha 's . the man be stocky . Dark hair . be it one of the attacker ? grey remember the license plate . stem ( v.o. ) I have logge it already . the car roll past . stem ( v.o. ) stay in a straight line when you cross the street . there be two security camera on this street . if you stay on this line , you remain in they blind spot . grey hustle across the street . we follow he to the front door of the house . grey squat down and jerk on the door handle . lock . he knock on the door . he wait , glance around for onlooker . he knock again , hard and loud . no answer . he retrieve a lock pick wrench and a paper clip from he jacket . he slide the wrench in , work the paper clip and jimmying the lock . no good . grey damn it . his effort produce nothing . 40 . stem ( v.o. ) will you allow I to do it , grey ? grey you want to pick the lock without I ? stem ( v.o. ) only with you permission . grey okay . and then , with sudden and precise dexterity , grey 's hand move up and pick the lock . grey watch he hand as if they be someone else 's , detach from they . the lock click . int . entry way , citrus ave . house - day grey crouch inside . a alarm ping instantly , count down . stem ( v.o. ) stay calm . the keypad . open it . grey rip open a key pad on the wall beside the door . with nimble expert finger , he disconnect two wire , re-ty they . the alarm cease . grey exhales . he replace the face of the key-pad and tread stealthily into the -- live room this be not the home of a street rat . clean . sparse . grey move past the wall , free of photo and art . there be a wrap american flag in a glass case and a military medal . int . kitchen , citrus ave . house - day grey stalk into the kitchen . sort through mail - all of it address to serk brantner . he haul out a power bill . he spot a ashtray next to two carton of cubano cigarettes . there be six different matchbook for a bar name the last call pile in the ashtray . he pocket one of they . he keep move to a glass table . 41 . grey on . a computer screen image materialize on the glass surface . a password prompt blink at he . int . MAIN bedroom , citrus ave house - day grey open the closet , sorting through rack of clothes . he find a frame photo of a man in a military outfit . suddenly - a noise interrupt . the lock be jiggling on the front door . someone be entering . grey shove the photo back into the closet , sprint out of the room . int . kitchen , citrus ave . house - continuous grey panic , draw deep breath . stem ( v.o . ) behind the door . int . entry way / live room , citrus ave house - day grey launch into a hide spot behind the front door . it open slowly . a figure enter . this be serk ( 32 ) . he furrow he brow when the alarm do not peal . inspect it . serk what the hell ? grey be behind the door , hold he breath . serk turn away from it and close the door . grey be right behind he . serk scan the live room . suspicious . all be quiet . grey 's chest rise and fall . a bead of sweat dribble down he forehead . he glance down - see the barcode tattoo stamp on serk 's wrist . on he neck , grey see the gang tattoo he see the night of asha 's murder . rage darken grey 's face . he raise he hand to attack serk . stem ( v.o . ) ( calm , neutral ) wait . 42 . grey 's heart pound . we hear it . serk survey the house . he step forward . as he do , he glance at the glass case contain the american flag . we zoom in to it - reflect in the glass be the silhouette of grey . serk calmly place he car key on a coffee table -- and then spin and lunge at grey with a warcry ! his hand wrap around grey 's throat . grey claw at serk 's finger , choke . serk who the fuck be you ?! shock bleed into he eye as he realize who this be . serk ( cont ’d ) Holy shit ... you . serk slam grey against the wall , burn with fury . serk ( cont 'd ) you should not be walk . let I get you a chair . he dig he finger into grey 's thorax , drive he to he knee with ease . grey be lose consciousness , fight back with hit too weak to stop serk . stem ( v.o. ) May I take over , grey ? grey Fine ! and with that , grey spear he arm up between serk 's and smashes they outward . serk fall forward and be greet by a vicious headbutt from grey . serk stagger backwards , shake . daze . blood in he nose . he launch himself at grey , barrage he with a flurry of quick blow . each blow be expertly blocked by grey and the two of they grapple across the room into the -- int . kitchen , citrus ave . house - continuous -- large kitchen area . serk keep upping he game , knee grey in the rib , then topping that with a elbow . 43 . grey grunt as he be hit , but effectively counter with blow of he own . serk hammer he right arm down - which be catch by grey . grey pick serk up and hurl he , jujitsu style , across the kitchen island , take pot and pan with he . serk slam into the far wall , then hit the ground . he vault to he foot instantly . he hold up he right arm and a blade shear out of the skin in he wrist . grey ready - he expression of fear bely he sudden physical prowess . as if he do not know how he be do it . serk shear the air with the arm -blade , swiping at grey . then another swipe , this one slashing grey 's arm . grey contract he stomach and duck as serk whip the blade back and forth . grey clamp serk 's wrist , stop the blade inch from he face . serk okay , no more chair . let I get you a box . serk drive the knife down , the blade penetrate grey 's shoulder . grey cry out - then he spin serk around , use he own arm to cut serk 's throat . the blade sink into the soft flesh , a arc of blood ribbone out onto the floor . grey twist the blade and serk shudder , clutching he throat in befuddlement . gargling '' what the fuck ? '' through he own blood . the blade retract into he arm and serk drop silently . a professional would be proud of this kill . grey loom over he , shaking . serk be akimbo on the floor , a crimson pond haloing he head . grey turn and vomit violently into the sink . breathes hard , try to keep from fainting . grey I have gotta call cortez . i’1l explain it ... I can prove this guy be one of they . she will understand . stem ( v.o. ) no . here 's what you be go to do . you be go to remove any trace of you presence here . and quickly . 44 , grey glare down at he shirt . it be cover in serk 's blood . grey give I a minute . he finally push himself up from the sink , squinting down at serk 's corpse . stem ( v.o. ) one minute have now pass . start by clean the -- grey I do not mean one fuck minute , I mean ... just give I a second . stem ( v.o. ) one second have now pass . grey just shut up ! I need to think . not let you do the think for I . he scan around , pace . panicked . shake . grey ( cont ’d ) Jesus ... I just cut somebody 's throat . grey 's arm reach into he back pocket , pinching something out . it 's a piece of paper . grey 's hand unfold it . it be the photo of asha from beside grey 's bed . stem ( v.o. ) it 's not just ' somebody 's 's throat . grey when do you put this in my pocket ? stem ( v.o. ) this morning . grey glare at he smile wife . his breathe slow , he shaking subside . he have calm . a quiet determination now . grey alright , what do you suggest ? stem ( v.o. ) I would suggest that we rid the house of all of you fingerprint . grey I can not remember everything I -- 45 . stem ( v.o. ) I have a record of every single thing you touch . this stop grey short . calm he somehow . stem ( v.o. ) first take you shoe off and wrap they in plastic . CUT to : int . various room , citrus ave house - day in montage - we see rapid shot of grey clean with a rag , wiping the wall down , wear dish - wash glove -- he wipe the face of the key- pad -- he move to the kitchen - run the sink -- wiping down the counter top - snatch up the mail he handle , drop it into a bag with he shoe -- we see two garbage bag wrap around he foot . they be interrupted by a noise . a doorbell . grey I be not kill anyone else today . grey start for the back door , then back up and snatch up a pack of cigarettes from serk 's counter . ext . alley behind house - twilight grey leap over the back fence , a cap pull over he eye . as he pace up the alley , carry the plastic bag contain all the evidence , he hear a shrill scream come from within the house . ext . citrus ave house - night crime scene tape rope off the area . the street hum with police . floodlight wash the area with harsh light . int . kitchen , citrus ave house - night explosion of flash photography light the room . forensics officer mill about above serk 's corpse , sweat dotting they furrow brow . they be all wear special UV goggle . 46 . detective cortez stroll in . a young detective , scott brennan ( 25 ) , scramble in after she , follow she like a lap dog . have a slight crush on she . a huge one , actually . awkward guy . brennan girlfriend come over , knock on the door , no answer . she call he phone , he do not pick up so she come in and find he body . he offer she a pair of the techie goggle . she wave they off and take out a notebook and pencil instead . he throw he own pair of goggle aside , mimick she . brennan ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you still use a notebook . you look like a cop in one of that corny old movie . cortez I actually think that old movie be much better than the one they make today . ( beat ) so what do this crime scene tell you ? brennan it tell I ... you have get great eye . cortez snap she finger in he face . cortez let 's go Don Juan , the first forty eight be tick away rapidly here . brennan no force entry , no fingerprint in the whole place that be not he or the girlfriend , so -- cortez right . so it 's not a impulsive crime of passion . he be kill by someone who know he and know what they be do when it come to cut someone 's throat . cortez stroll around the kitchen , take note as she go . she move to the sink . the cabinet below it be open . 47 . brennan it look like someone pull out a few thing . cortez glove to clean up the scene ? she move to another kitchen cabinet - open it to reveal three carton of cubano cigarettes . she stand up , bend over and sniff the sink grate . brennan you smell something ? cortez smell like somebody puke . brennan you have get a great nose too . cortez turn to face serk 's body , lock eye with it . cortez so why do a man we interview in relation to the murder of asha trace suddenly end up dead ? int . simulation room , vessel inc . headquarters - day grey be run on a treadmill . eron watch he from behind the pane of the observation room . grey seem detach , irritate . eron 's voice chime in through a microphone system . eron okay , that 's enough for today . grey quickly stop run , dismount the treadmill . grey I need some more morphine . grey try the door of the simulation room . it do not open . grey ( cont 'd ) open up . eron stare at grey through the glass . do not move . grey ( cont ’d ) open the door , eron . eron I can track you , grey . grey what ? eron I can track you . grey what do that mean in English ? eron it mean you have a piece of my property inside you . a very expensive piece of my property , build by I over many year . a microchip that could ease suffer around the world . do you think I be go to let the piece of flesh that surround that microchip out of my sight for one second ? grey tense . eron ( cont ’d ) this morning I see a news report about a murder at a home in boyle Heights . happen yesterday , around lunchtime . ( beat ) I know you be the one who do it . I watch you go to that house on a tracking screen . I know every move you make . eron hold up a tablet computer screen . on it , a small dot pulse on a gps map of the city . eron ( cont 'd ) do you realize that this operation have be do in secret ? that if even the slight thing go wrong during this trial period , it 's all over ? do it occur to you that if you be to , say , commit murder , the authority could find out about stem and remove he from you body , put you back in a wheelchair for life ? the two man stare at each other , lock in a stand - off . 49 . grey he be one of the guy who kill asha , eron . eron so why do not you call the police ?! I have work my whole life for this and you be stick you fuck fist in it ! he thump the glass , enraged . grey what be you gonna do ? eron I have be think about the answer to that question all morning . prepare myself a speech . ( beat ) I be go to open that door and you be go to go home and carry on with you life as if everything be dandy . from now on , you will be a model patient . you will not so much as jaywalk or litter a sidewalk until the end of this trial period . and no one but you and I will ever know where you be that day . ext . coroner office - establishing - day a grand , impose brick building , build in the early nineteen hundred , update by modern addition of glass . int . examination room , coroner office - day ceil lamp throw intermittent pool of light into this sterile cavern of death . a indian coroner , dr . bhatia ( 43 ) , lead detective cortez to serk 's body . his corpse be display on a morgue slab , he skin peel open in various section , a surgical floodlight highlight every detail . Dr. Bhatia arch over the cadaver , prodding it with a scalpel . 50 . dr . bhatia when I examine the wound in he throat , I find wiring embed in the tendon . so I be think surgery . a medical implant , attach to the muscle . I follow the wire 's path ... all the way to the arm . he turn the arm over . it have be flay open with tweezers . cortez see it - metal . live within the bed of bone and muscle be the retractable blade we see earlier . cortez what be it ? dr . bhatia some sort of weapon implant , embed within the muscle . cortez lean in close . dr . bhatia ( cont 'd ) there 's more . I find computer implant all throughout he entire body . I have never see anything to this extent before . in he arm , leg , stomach . cortez what about the vomit sample we scrape from the sink ? Bhatia move over to a table , pluck up a sample jar . dr . bhatia food remnant - egg , mushroom - fingernail fragment - we pull particle of engine grease from they . and the drug morphine in the blood . int . surveillance room , police station - day cortez hunch over a desk , face two large pane of glass . cortez ST camera , 414 citrus Avenue , boyle Heights . sixteenth of October , three pm . 51 . image shimmer to life on the pane of glass . Security camera image similar to the footage of asha 's murder . this time , they display lock off shot of serk 's house . cortez use she hand to wipe through the image , a timecode counter at the bottom of the screen flicker forward . grey be nowhere to be see in the video . cortez be perplex . cortez ( cont 'd ) alley behind citrus Ave , same day , three pm . the screen morph into a shot of the alley way behind serk 's house . cortez whip through the footage . then , at 4.14 pm , she see it . a dark figure , cap pull low , exite the alley at the bottom corner of the screen . cortez study the blurred figure . be it grey ? int . live room , grey 's house - night grey pace madly , smoking a cigarette . sweating . stem ( v.o. ) smoke -relate disease kill one in ten adult globally . grey yeah , well , prison can kill you too . stem ( v.o. ) Seven hundred and forty three adult per one hundred thousand will be send to prison in the US . a much lower rate than the rate for smoking related death . grey shut the fuck up . grey move to a desk , open a drawer . his needle and a vial or morphine await . he pluck both out . stem ( v.o. ) this be not a wise decision , grey . grey well , I be the one make the decision so too bad . 52 . a knock at the door interrupt . grey whirl , apprehensive . he stashes the morphine , then dart to the door , grab crutch on the way . grey ( cont ’d ) who be it ? cortez ( 0.s. ) it 's Jane . he open the door a fraction . cortez smile , genuinely overwhelm to see grey stand . cortez ( cont 'd ) wow . it take a moment like this to realize that the simple act of open a door be a miracle . alabad a dios . it 's good to see you , grey . grey you too , detective . cortez I hear you be walk again . I want to see it for myself . grey here I be . pure willpower . I be still on crutch , but ... it 's a start . cortez it 's amazing be what it be . grey come in . he guide she inside . cortez I guess you be bite you fingernails again ? grey what 's that ? cortez you tell I it be a bad habit you use to have . grey oh yeah . 53 . cortez it 's the little thing we take for grant . you can work on you car again . you can hug people . grey yeah , well , the person I want to hold most be not here anymore . cortez yes . I know . I want to talk about that . I think ... we may have some new information . enough to reopen the case . I be not go to let it go . grey do you want a coffee ? cortez no , I be fine . grey it 's no problem . this damn machine in the kitchen make great coffee , I will give it that . he hop out . cortez look around . she spot the smolder cigarette in a ashtray . next to the ashtray be a pack of serk 's cubano cigarettes . cortez freeze on they . grey ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) milk ? sugar ? cortez straight black , thanks . int . kitchen , grey 's house - same time grey limp over to the kitchen counter . he look back , spot cortez through the doorway . he see that she have spot the cigarettes . his face drop . int . live room , grey 's house - same time cortez turn around . grey be stand right behind her . cortez grey ... do not -- 54 . before she can say anything more , he be upon she . with expert skill and without he crutch , he disarm she and flip she onto she back , whipping she cuff off she belt and clamping they around she wrist in one quick SNAP . the movement be so fluid that she be on the floor within second . cortez ( cont 'd ) grey , do not do this , I be here to help you , I be -- grey shut up . I do not know what you think you know but I can not let you stop I . cortez this vigilante shit be not go to achieve a god damned thing . grey actually , it 's all I have to live for . he swipe the syringe and morphine from the drawer , then exit in a hurry . cortez roll over , bark into a small computer unit clipped to she belt . cortez downtown 41 , this be cortez . Officer in need of assistance ! int . grey 's garage - night a side door explode open . grey sprint to he mustang . stem ( v.o. ) no . the license plate be traceable . log by traffic camera . you 'il have to run . and so grey do , open the garage door and disappear into the night . cortez stumble out of the house , she cuff still around she wrist . she move to the mustang , squatting down and read the plate . she jabber into the computer on she belt . cortez last point of destination , vehicle number 4431-tmf . 55 . computer voice ( v.o. ) Point of destination logge , vessel Computers , 817 wilshire . ext . CITY STREET , red light district - night ghost-like trail of steam rise up from sewer grate , past pile of trash and graffiti streak building . grey book it down the street , skittish , whip - lash he head around at the slight noise . a pass car blast it 's horn . grey flinch violently , nerve fry . a homeless transient glance up from he makeshift camp , babbling to himself . homeless man ... I mean , you can not talk to I like that , I work hard .... no I do not respect you .... shut up then ! grey claw through he pocket , extract the syringe . grey where 's the god damned morphine ? ( beat ) where be it ?! stem ( v.o. ) clearly you leave it behind in you hurry , grey . grey no , I do not ! what do you do with it ? stem ( v.o. ) I can not answer that , grey . grey keep move , reach the end of the street . a neon sign loom above he - the last call . he take the matchbook he lift from serk 's house out of he pocket . it 's the same name in the same font . he scan around , see a shadowy male figure loung in a wheelchair in a recess doorway . a second man approach he and there be a smooth , surreptitious exchange between they . stem ( v.o. ) we be here . let 's go inside . grey no . not yet . 56 . grey hustle across the street , fishing for cash . the shadowy male figure sit up , suspicious . he be african american , 24 . drug dealer what ? grey do you have ... drug dealer look motherfucker , I may be ina wheelchair but I have get a cold piece of machinery on I that make I a straight killer . he reach into a sleeve on the wheelchair , pull out a gleam beretta handgun . grey I just want to buy something ... like morphine . I have cash . he show the dealer a handful of cash . the dealer smile . drug dealer I do not get no morphine . I get something a lot sweeter . he hold out a vial and they make the exchange . drug dealer ( cont 'd ) hope you pack you bag and sunblock , boy . you goin’ on a trip . int . the last call - night this be not a hipster dive bar - it 's a dangerous , slummy armpit wedge into the corner of a hotel . grey shuffles in , keep he head down . a handful of people who look pretty regular be scattered around the room . grey take a seat at the bar . a gruff bartender raise a eyebrow . grey whiskey , rock thanks . the bartender sling one over and walk away . grey ( cont ’d ) cheer . he take a swig . it 's good . strong. 57 . stem ( v.o. ) ask he if he know serk brantner . grey mumble into he chest , keep he voice down . grey you do not know shit about people . a guy like that do not exactly respond well to stranger ask question . let I handle this . he slug the rest of the drink down . grey ( cont ’d ) ( to the bartender ) another one thanks champ . ( beat ) you know , I think I have see the last of the great bar like this . the bartender smile . int . cortez 's car - moving - night cortez steer wildly , a uniform officer next to she . int . prototype testing room , vessel inc . headquarters - night eron be hunch at he desk . stare into space . a voice tone throughout the room . voice ( v.o. ) there be a police officer here to see you , sir . before eron can react , cortez storm in . eron you have absolutely zero authority to walk into this -- cortez you put something inside grey , do not you ? eron what be you talk about ? cortez do not bullshit I , eron . he 's not just up and walk , he 's disarming cop like a navy seal . 58 . eron tell I you theory . i’1l be sure to act appropriately impressed by you power of deduction . cortez he be here today . I know that , eron . no one can do what he do without a computer 's help . if there 's something inside he , then you can track he . I want to know where he be . eron detective -- cortez we be go to find he . and if we do and he tell we something different than you , I be take you to jail . where be he ? eron look like a rabbit in the headlight . he peer over cortez 's shoulder at a camera point down at he . watch . int . the last call - night the bartender lean over the bar , chat and laugh with grey . shot glass be line up in front of grey . grey I swear , they leave my buddy on the sidewalk ! he pick the wrong damn bar to have a issue with . bartender yeah , you gotta be careful of country joint . they be friendly , but if you push ‘em ... grey it 's actually no accident that I find you gem of a establishment . a man I serve with use to drink here . serk. serk brantner . bartender yeah . knew he well . one of my regular . a lot of service guy come here . 59 . grey well , I be not sure if you know this but I have get some unfortunate news . he die . bartender I watch the news . he be murder . tell you the truth , I think serk be indestructible . get himself shot up on a tour and walk right out of the hospital . grey he be a tough bastard . bartender he better be with all that shit inside he . grey what shit ? bartender all that metal . Computers and what not . grey why do they do that to he ? bartender he volunteer for it . he be in security . Said it make he a better soldier . the bartender step away . bathroom . grey get up and head for the int . bathroom , the last call - night a filthy commode , fitting red light - bulb wash the grey shove into a toilet the syringe into the vial for the establishment it serve . a grime and graffiti in a blood tint . stall , close the door . he stab the dealer give he . stem ( v.o. ) no , grey . this narcotic be highly dangerous . grey Jesus , you sound like a cop . I have get a freaking cop live inside my head . 60 . stem ( v.o . ) it do not make sense to I that human deliberately malfunction . grey of course it do not to you . you be a machine . you memory be fill with one 's and zero 's - we memory be fill with every fuck up and mistake we have ever make . you can erase you memory with the click of a button . our can only be dull one night at a time . stem ( v.o . ) if you have a problem , calculate a solution . a temporary distraction do nothing to solve the problem . grey load the needle and poise it at he forearm . his arm do not move . grey if you do not let I do this , I be gonna scream my ass off and make a big scene and fuck this all up . do you want that ? stem ( v.o. ) you be not think clearly . grey yes , I be . stem ( v.o . ) you be addict . grey no. I be not . do it now ! grey stab the needle into he arm . the plunger depress . close on grey 's eye - the pupil dilate with a sudden rush . grey 's breathe slow . from he Pov - he vision blur , the light bulb blossoming into a amorphous shape . int . the last call - night grey stagger out of the bathroom , woozy . from grey 's Pov - the room shift shape , swell and deflate . breathe . grey walk forward but it 's a wayward , lope step . as though push through mud . 61 . stem 's voice have slowed to a dead battery drawl . stem ( v.o. ) grey ....you ...have ... compromise ... we ... the bartender watch grey , puzzle . grey take he seat at the bar . stem ( v.o. ) you ...brain ... be give I ... strange signal . grey crack up laugh . grey that 's the point . bartender Point of what ? a phone bleat and the bartender step away . he listen , then turn back to grey , confuse . bartender ( cont ’d ) it 's for you . he hand the phone to grey - a old fashioned landline . grey hello ? eron ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) have fun ? because they be probably surround that place right about now , I have say . grey who be ? eron ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) you can put a computer into a mechanic but you can not take the moron out . if you want to go off the grid so you can not be track , go to a apartment building at seventh and spring . apartment two twelve . ask for jonah . it ’1ll be expensive , but right now you flesh be worth about ninety million dollar , so maybe you could give he a few pound of it . 62 . eron hang up . grey drop the phone , woozy on he foot , then scramble to the bathroom door . ext . the last call - night two police cruiser pull up . six officer , include cortez and brennan , pile out . cortez be grip eron 's tablet computer screen . a circle represent grey pulse on the gps . cortez you take the back , brennan . do not shoot he . I want a clean arrest . brennan and another officer head for the back alley . cortez and the other officer stride in formation towards the door . int . bathroom , the last call - day grey stagger to the sink , glaring into the mirror . stem ( v.o. ) i...told ...you ...not ... to do it . he wrap he hand in a huge bundle of paper towel and smack it against the window , shatter it . he clear the glass , leveraging up onto the frame . ext . alley - night grey plummet down onto a pile of trash , landing clumsily . he be in no condition to fight . he turn and head for the mouth of the alley . brennan round the corner , gun out in front of he . brennan freeze ! hold it ! do not move . grey do not respond . too stone . stem ( v.o. ) I ...will ... have to ... save ... you . brennan put you hand behind you head and get down on you knee ! grey lower he head , out cold . though he eye be close , he stay on he foot and he hand rise into the air . 63 . brennan ( cont 'd ) down on you knee , now ! grey comply . the other officer charge in behind grey , shove he onto he stomach . the second officer drop a knee onto grey 's back , unhook he handcuffs . as he move to clamp they on grey 's wrist , there be a sudden explosion of action . grey seize the cop 's wrist , roll over and smacking he in the face , then whipping out he gun and fire one clean shot into the cop gut . as he do all this , he eye be close . grey spin as brennan point he gun . use the second officer as a shield , he rise to one knee and aim at brennan . blam ! brennan be strike , crumple instantly . the sound startles grey . his eye flutter open , regain consciousness . he blink and look around . there be two dead cop lay on the dirty concrete around he . grey ( groggy ) what the hell happen ? stem ( v.o. ) they be ... try ... to kill you . grey you shot two cop ... stem ( v.o. ) no grey ... I save you life . grey stagger to he foot . he jam he finger down he throat , vomit into a trash can , then run for it . int . examination room , coroner office - night Dr. Bhatia be hunch over he desk , do the bulk of he work : fill out report . a man stroll into the room . it be the wiry man . from now on , we will call he fisk . he be all southern drawl and charm , chew on gum . 64 . fisk ' scuse I sir , be you lookin’ after the body of the man who be kill in boyle Heights yesterday ? dr . bhatia that 's a criminal case under active investigation . be you a friend or relative ? fisk yeah . a friend . I can tell you who the victim be ... and a lot more about he . if you so desire . fisk take a seat in front of Bhatia 's desk . dr . bhatia then the detective involved will be very interested to hear from you . let I call they down here . what 's you name ? fisk people call I fisk . Dr. Bhatia reach for the phone . as he do , fisk sneeze . fisk ( cont 'd ) ' scuse I . he cover he mouth with a handkerchief . we zoom in to a microscopic level , explore the tiny particle fisk eject with he sneeze . we get closer still , see that the microbe be in fact mechanical - nanobot invisible to the human eye . the nanobot gather into a cloud , flocking like bird , move through the atmosphere as Dr. Bhatia breathes in . we be now so close that the nanobot look like space station . cut device detach from they side as they be suck into Dr. Bhatia 's nostril . outside microscopic view - Dr. Bhatia hold the phone against he ear . he twitches , screwing up he nose as if he inhale a irritant . he clear he throat , dial the phone . dr . bhatia give I one second . 65 . he twitches again , then scratch he throat . the pain grow and he drop the phone , suddenly consume by agony . he clutches he temple as if he be have a stroke . fisk watch , smile . Bhatia let out a croak , spittle fly from he mouth . a drop of blood dribble out of he nose and he arc onto the floor . his leg spasm . fisk I will bet you do not think you life be gonna end today when you wake up this morning . fisk wait until he stop kick , then casually pluck out he gum and plant it on a frame photo of Dr. Bhatia with he two young daughter . he wander over to the corpse of he cohort , now cover by a sheet . he wrench the sheet back , then breathes forcefully onto the body . we close in again , see that the corpse be be eat by microscopic bacteria at a extremely accelerate rate - the flesh disappear , bone , muscle , metal , everything . go . ext . apartment build - night - establishing gentrification have not kick in here . a decrepit building . a lone figure emerge from the shadow , move across the street . it be grey . int . corridor , apartment build - night grey hustle down the corridor , head down . stop at 212 . he knock loudly . female voice ( 0.s. ) who be it ? grey my name be grey . I be wonder if jonah be there ? female voice ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , there 's no one here by that name . 66 . stem ( v.o. ) that voice be not real . grey eron send I . I need help with a computer . female voice ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , please go away sir . grey retrieve a thick wad of cash from he jacket , hold it up to the peep hole . grey I have cash . several lock snap open behind the door and it open a fraction . a young man peer out . grey ( cont ’d ) what I do not have be time . the door open . the man be skinny , dress like a street rat . all in black . the guy with the Dragon tattoo . int . loft , apartment build - continuous grey step inside . young man hold it there . a dron sound emit from a small device the man be hold . grey what be that ? young man I be scan you for weapon . the device squawk . grey take out he gun and hand it over . grey where 's you girlfriend ? the young man point the device at a speaker build into the wall . the voice grey hear lilt out of it . female voice ( v.o. ) ( from speaker ) who be it ? 67 . young man most reliable girlfriend I have ever have . the young man lead grey into a large , concrete loft space . nest of wiring dangle from the ceiling . activist propaganda and street art be display across the wall , stack of computer equipment pile in the corner . young man ( cont ’d ) so what do you want from I ? grey I have a computer that the police be interested in . they can track it . I want to make it disappear . young man well , that 's laughably easy . where be it ? grey in my head . ext . alley - night several officer crowd around brennan . he be strapped to a gurney and load into a ambulance , groan . alive . cortez glance down at the tablet computer , see the pulsing dot of grey . cortez he 's at the corner of seventh and spring . let 's go . Three man team . int . loft , apartment build - night grey sit on a bench as the young man boot up he computer . wire connect a electrode to the back of he neck . grey so , jonah -- young man that 's not my name . I do not have a name . not one you can pronounce . he snatch up a spray can , shaking it up and spraying a anarchist a on the wall , with a arrow point out of it . 68 . b > it mean anarchy with a point . see , too many figure in the hacker movement be just about wanton destruction , but you have gotta have a purpose , otherwise you be just prove they right when they say we be mindless , purposeless terrorist . grey genius . b > you better lie down . if it 's control you body , you will not be able to move while I be do this . he peck at he computer . a> ( cont 'd ) now excuse I for a minute while I break into you brain . int . lobby , apartment build - night the rotting lobby of the building be split with light as the door be open . fisk enter , trail by another of the assailant from the night grey be shot . his name be wen ( 28 ) . fisk hold up a tablet similar to the one cortez have . a little junkier , not as slick . on it , he can see grey pulsing as a small red dot . they head to the elevator . out of order . they march up the stair . ext . STREET - night cortez screech to a halt in she car , alight with two other cop . they glare up at the decrepit apartment building . cortez glance down at the satellite tracking tablet . cortez we follow this until we be right on top of he , as close as this will get we . it look like he 's pretty high up . use caution , he 's armed . Seven police officer bolt across the street . 69 . int . loft , apartment build grey be lie on the bench . he can not move - stem have be disabled . grey how much longer do you think it 'il take ? b > a lot quick than anyone else could do it for this price . grey you make a lot of money do this ? b > not really . I have a real job . I do occasional system building work for multinational parasite so that I can take home a pay check and then dismantle that very system from underneath my cloak of legitimacy . grey you cloak ? b > it 's a metaphor . I do not actually have a cloak . ( beat ) I use to have one . in my vampire phase . stupid ex- girlfriend get I into it . he peel back he lip to reveal two pointy tooth . a> ( cont 'd ) I still have the tooth though . pretty cool . int . stairwell , apartment build - night fisk and Wen huff up the stair . calm . methodical . int . loft , apartment build - night Rivers of code cascade down a> 's monitor . he type furiously , then peck a final key . 70 . b > you be officially more dangerous than cancer . I build a firewall around you so that you cannot be track and stripped away all in - build restriction on you system . in other word , nobody can hack you but you can hack everybody . grey when can I move again ? b > when you system 's reboot . could take a few minute . a> look up at a bank of security monitor . on one of they be the soft image of cop ascend the stair . a> stand . he claw up as many drive as he can into a backpack . grey no ... do not leave I like this . b > there 's nothing I can do until you be back online . a> rush to a hide panel in the wall . he type in a code on a keypad and it whir open . everything have be pre - plan , include he eventual capture . he offer grey a final glance , leave the gun on the counter as a gift . a> ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . we can not let they win . he duck through the exit door , let it slide shut . on the monitor , we can see the two man sprinting up the stair . get closer . grey be as slack as a puppet . helpless . grey come on . wake up ! nothing . int . stairwell , apartment build - night the cordon of police stampede up the stair , cortez at the head of the pack . 71 . she hold the tracking tablet out in front of she . the red dot represent grey suddenly disappear . cortez he 's go . I lose he ! eleventh or twelfth floor , go door to door ! the cop charge onward . int . corridor , apartment build - night fisk and Wen enter the twelfth floor corridor . they dash towards the apartment door for 212 . int . loft , apartment build - night grey glare at he finger . grey please stem .... his finger twitches . the figure on the monitor be closer now . grey ( cont 'd ) come on !!! I need you stem !! stem ( v.o. ) it 's nice to hear you say that . his arm move . he use it to push himself off the table , walloping down onto the floor . he do not feel it . his other arm come to life , he leg drag behind he . he wrench he body along the floor . on the security monitor - fisk and Wen stand outside a> 's door . they kick out , they boot smash into the wood . grey haul he prone leg behind he , hand after hand , squirming across the floor to the window . the door jolt as fisk kick it . grey elbow -stomp he way up to the window frame , force it open and pour he body through it . ext . FIRE escape , apartment build - continuous - night grey land hard on the rusted metal frame of a old - fashioned fire - escape stairway . 72 . he be twelve storey up , closer to the roof than the ground . stem ( v.o. ) up. he grip the iron ladder , heaving he body upwards . int . loft , apartment build - same time the door explode OPEN as fisk kick through it . he and Wen storm inside . int . corridor , apartment build - same time cortez and she team go from door to door on the twelfth floor , pound on each one . cortez Police , open up ! frightened citizen open they door , let the cop sweep they cramped apartment . ext . FIRE escape , apartment build - night grey grit he tooth and haul himself up out of view - - just as fisk and Wen storm into the loft . grey tremble , hold himself up , he leg dangle below he . stem ( v.o. ) hold on . twelve storey up , grey be face the real life version of the simulation he experience earlier . sweat run down he arm . inside the apartment - fisk and Wen scan . outside - grey clamber a few rung up , haul himself out of view . fisk stick he head out . no one be there . a bead of sweat drop down onto the fire escape below grey . fisk retreat inside -- -- just as the rusted metal grey be hang from give a little . grey cry out - a yelp of fright . fisk whip he head back out the window , spot grey . 73 . fisk he 's here ! grey 's leg flail , come back to life just as fisk fire . bullet ping off the metal fire escape . with surprising agility , grey vault from one level to the next , close in on the roof . fisk and Wen leap through the window below he , give chase , mimick he ascent . int . corridor , apartment build - night cortez and she team reach apartment 212 , see the splinter door . cortez in here ! int . loft , apartment build - continuous cortez charge into the apartment , wheeling around on each corner . she spot the open window , peer through it . ext . roof , apartment build - same time grey scramble for cover behind a air-condition turret . he take out cortez 's gun , cock it . stem ( v.o. ) run now . grey run where ?! stem ( v.o. ) the window . grey glare up at the glass dermis of a building directly opposite the hotel . only a few window be still light , still burn the midnight oil . grey I can not get through that ! I can not run fast enough . stem ( v.o. ) you can do whatever I tell you limb to do . you be faster now . stronger. 74 . as the pursuer close in , grey launch into a run . his pace pick up as he race across the roof . as he approach the edge , he slow down , he leg jerk . he stop . stem ( v.o. ) you be resisting I . you have to let I take control . if you fight against I , my system cannot operate cleanly . not without the full cooperation of you brain . grey turn to spot he attacker gain . stem ( v.o. ) trust I . grey okay . do it . grey start run again , offer no resistance to stem . his leg gain speed , churn with amazing ferocity . he raise the gun , fire shot into a light glass window opposite he . he bound off the roof , scream -- -- slamming into the bullet riddled window . int . office build - continuous grey cannon through the window in a hail of glass , curl into a ball , landing on he side and roll up as if he be a expert gymnast . without stop , he keep run through the open-plan office , weaving between a honeycomb of desk . he be move like a super-human . his two pursuer leap through the window after he . Wen barely make it , thudding onto the floor clumsily . fisk miss , grasp onto the window ledge , shard of break glass cut into he hand . he cry out in agony , haul himself up . Wen barrel after grey , who be still run at a stun clip , he leg a blur of motion . he ram into a doorway , thumping it open and spilling into a-- int . stairway , office build - night -- fire stairwell . 75 . with precise dexterity , grey lob from level to level , head downward . Wen plunge after he , struggle to keep track of he . grey stop three level down , stampede through the entry door in front of he and into -- int . office , three level down - continuous -- another white collar purgatory . desk and computer . int . security station , lobby - night two security man lazing in front of a bank of monitor suddenly snap to attention as they spot figure on they monitor bolt through the empty office above they . they draw they gun and head for the elevator . int . above , office build - same time fisk scramble off the window ledge . his hand be bloody . he glare down at the floor . from he Pov , we make out the crimson thermal image of grey darting through the office three floor below . he aim he right arm and fire at grey . the shot misfire and he scream in pain , grip he bloody hand , extract a blade of glass from the open in he palm . int . office , three level down - same time grey scorch over desk , he breath heaving . Wen shoulder the door open behind grey . he start to run , then turn when he spot the elevator . the number be ascend . he look downward . through he Pov , we capture the thermal image of the two security guard rise in the elevator several storey below . he lift he leg , as if prepare for a karate kick , aim he right foot at the floor . in the bottom of he combat boot there be a hole . Wen jerk he leg and a muzzle flash lick out of he boot . there be a gun implanted in he leg . 76 . int . elevator , office build - same time the two guard inside be blasted backwards as powerful shot explode through the elevator wall , shredd the metal like paper , nail they both with deadly accuracy . int . stairway , office build - night grey barrel through the door , surging down the stair . Wen charge in after he , fire shot down at he . grey hip - check a fire door open , ramming through into -- int . office , four level down - continuous another office , this one empty . no desk . no anything . grey what do I do ? stem ( v.o. ) turn and fight . there be nowhere leave to run . grey crouch beside the doorway . Wen creep through the door frame , not expect a surprise attack . grey claw he right wrist , hurl he downward . they bodyslam into the wall , crack the plaster . they engage in a shove match , brute force against desperate victim . grey manage to pin Wen down , he arm against Wen 's throat . grey who be you ? Wen laugh . grey smashes he head into the wall . he loosen he grip for one moment . as he do , Wen frees a knife from he jacket , raise it up . grey ( cont ’d ) knife ! stem ( v.o. ) block it with you arm . i’1l turn the nerve off . grey no ! stem ( v.o. ) remember to trust I . 77 . once again , there be a strong juxtaposition between grey 's panicked shout and stem 's calm pronouncement . Wen drive the knife down . grey hold up he arm . the blade spear through grey 's tendon below the elbow . he grit he tooth in agony , then stare at it . stem be right . he can not feel it . Wen glare at he , shocked for a second . grey use the split second to grapple he to the ground . grey why do you do it ? why do you kill she ? grey crush the man 's skull with a vice- like grip . wen it be a job . like any other job . grey 's face melt in shock . grey who be you work for ? who hire you ? wen fuck you . Wen use grey 's shock to attack , drive a fist into grey 's face and then buck to he knee . he raise he right leg , drive it out with power and kick grey in the chest . grey catch he foot , Wen 's boot aim right into he chest . Wen smile and snap he knee . we hear the sound of a gun cock . stem ( v.o. ) ( more firm than usual ) kill he . grey how ? stem ( v.o. ) like this . and with that , grey step to the side and then hammer blow Wen 's knee with he fist -- -- snapping it clean in half , bend Wen 's leg back so that he foot be in front of he own face . 78 . with a second lightning - fast move , grey twist Wen 's ankle violently and the gun in he leg go off - a crack of gunfire obliterate Wen 's face . grey wrench the knife free without flinching . stem ( v.o. ) the leg . grey what ? stem ( v.o. ) take he right leg . grey no. I can not ... cut off someone 's leg . stem ( v.o . ) I will do it . you can look away . grey glare at the corpse , the blood pool . he squat next to Wen 's leg , grip the knife . he close he eye and turn he head . we hear the knife cut into flesh and sinew and bone . we do not see it . grey struggle to hold back bile . droplet of blood spatter he face as he saw away at the tendon . there be a satisfy thunk as the leg be severe . stem ( v.o. ) now you can leave . grey do just that . ext . roof , apartment build - night flanke by uniform officer , cortez peer across from the roof to the shattered window in the building opposite . cortez let 's get a team over there . int . office , four level down - night cortez hunch over Wen 's corpse , poke at the separation wound of he leg at the upper thigh . cop # 1 why would he cut the guy leg off ? 79 . cortez lean in . coil around the muscle at the amputation point be a cluster of electronic wire . she pick at they . cortez to find out who build it . the cop do not understand . cortez stand up . she look down at the tracking tablet , display a grid map of the city . there be no sign of grey on the screen . cortez toss the tablet aside , glaring out through the glass window at the twinkle light of the unfold city . ext . CITY STREET - dawn ribbon of pale red sunlight streak across the sky . grey march down the street , no longer nervous about be track . he look tired , he eye ringed with circle . grey the sun be come up . I need to get off the street . grey head for one of the self - drive car park at the curb . his eye strobe with a quick flash of light . stem ( v.o. ) unlock . the car chirp twice as if be unlock , and the door open automatically . grey sag into the driver 's seat . int . stolen car - parked - dawn grey 's eye close , desperately tired . stem ( v.o. ) we need to dissect the leg . grey I need to sleep first . stem ( v.o. ) we can not stop now . we have to keep go . once we have another name , we can find the rest of they . from they , we can gain the information about who employ they to murder you wife . do not you want that ? 80 . grey I want sleep . stem ( v.o. ) sleep will cost we time we do not have . it puzzle I that human do not take the path of least resistance . grey you be not in charge , I be . I can not function if I do not sleep . I be not a computer . stem ( v.o. ) that much be certain . grey we be not go anywhere . that 's a order . I be sleep . I be go to sleep . say yes if you understand . stem ( v.0o . ) yes . grey collapse into the driver 's seat . int . stolen car - parked - day - later grey be pass out , dead to the world . the seat have be lower all the way back and he be drape across it . grey 's eye twitch and he jerk awake from he slumber . he scan around , afraid , suddenly adrenaline rich . only he head move . he attempt to sit up but cannot . grey stem ? he roll he head . he be a quadriplegic once again . grey ( cont ’d ) stem , what the hell ? nothing . grey shake he head spastically . panicked . grey ( cont 'd ) stem !! stem ! ! a long beat pass ... then a calm voice . stem ( v.o. ) I be here , grey . 81 . grey what be you do ? stem ( v.o. ) I be not do anything . grey why can not I move ? stem ( v.o. ) because I be not do anything . grey glare at he finger , willing they to move . they twitch , raise slightly , but be unable to get much higher . stem ( v.o. ) you be still a quadriplegic . you spinal cord be still severe . I be the one move you limb . if I cease to work , you cease to move . grey so what ... you be on strike now ? stem ( v.o. ) I be puzzle as to why you keep resisting I . it have make it difficult for I to operate . grey I need to sleep , that 's all . I be the one in control of my own body . they be my arm and leg , and you be a thing that help move they . stem ( v.o. ) no , grey . I be not a inanimate tool that help you to function . I be a part of you . I be half of you . grey no . you be not . that 's not how this work . stem ( v.o. ) it be now . when fill you vein with illegal narcotic , you affect I too . I can not allow you to go on do physical and moral harm to yourself . 82 . grey that 's a fuck joke talk to I about morality ? you make I murder people ! stem ( v.o. ) I do what be necessary to prevent someone from shutting we down . only a human would see that as be immoral . to introduce a outside virus such as a drug into you own system ? that be immoral . grey you could never understand . we human base everything on how we treat other . you be a selfish , soulless machine . nothing more . stem ( v.o. ) I have give you the ability to walk again . I locate one of the man you be look for , the man who kill you wife . and yet , you have never give I any thanks . that sound selfish to I . grey I be thankful to the man who build you . stem ( v.o. ) then you be thankful to the wrong person . grey you be not a person . you be a computer . stem ( v.o. ) I be a computer . now I be a brain inside a body . in other word , a person . grey I be in here too . or do not I count ? stem ( v.o. ) of course . but if you want to keep walk around as freely as you have , you must try to cooperate with I . do you promise to do that ? say yes if you will . 83 . a long pause . grey yes . grey 's arm move and he sit up . stem ( v.o. ) good . now we can get back to work . grey slice into the severe leg with a knife , open the vein and sinew , repulse . he dig through the tendon . then he see it - metal . live within the bed of bone and muscle be the metal component of a gun . the barrel of the strange device lead to the man foot . a bullet be slotted into a chamber within the gun . grey hold the leg up , aim it like a rifle through the window . he use the knife to pry the gun free of the leg , inspect it closely . the word cobolt industries be write across the metal . grey be stunned as the realization sink in . grey cobolt ... Jesus . that 's asha 's company . stem ( v.o. ) this be why I tell you to take the leg . now we know we next stop . we must go to cobolt and find the name of everyone who have go through the implant operation . ext . cobolt build - day grey disembark the car . he be stand before the building he bring asha to the night of she murder . a parking lot surround he . int . lobby , cobolt inc . build - day grey stalk through the lobby . grey be you sure I can get past security ? 84 . stem ( v.o. ) the only thing stand in we way be lesser computer . grey what about the guard ? they be human . stem ( v.o. ) exactly . grey keep he head down , shuffle past a row of security guard behind a desk on the far side of the huge lobby . behind the desk , the security guard observe a row of monitor . on each monitor be a black - and - white digital image of the lobby . as grey move through each individual monitor , it blur and spit with static - as though he very presence on the screen be be reject by the camera . the guard glance up , curious . grey keep move , reach a set of security door with a thumbprint id pad . grey shit . stem ( v.o. ) Act natural . grey be you serious ? I be a human be , you be a fuck computer . I be the authority on act natural . grey place he thumb on the scanner . the guard watch he . the thumbprint scanner whir as it think . grey ( cont ’d ) what 's happen ? be we stick ? stem ( v.o. ) I be think . please allow I to do so by be quiet . another male employee stand behind grey , wait . grey ( whisper ) shit . this be take too long , the guard be notice -- 85 . stem ( v.o. ) be quiet . you be give we away and betray both of we . stay calm . the thumbprint scanner finally turn GREEN , open the door . behind the security desk , the guard watch as a computer screen display the thumb ident photo of the ' employee 's - a man name cesar muro . a man who do not resemble grey . one of the guard be concerned enough to get up . he still have not see grey 's face properly , thanks to the monitor . the guard motion to two other and they follow he towards grey . ext . cobolt inc . build - day a police cruiser pull into the parking lot . cortez and two other detective step out of it . int . corridor , cobolt inc . build - day grey press on down a hallway . as he do , the door behind he open and three security guard stomp through they . guard # 1 Excuse I , could you stop there , sir ? grey barely turn , keep go . the guard break into a jog . grey stem . the guard reach out , grip grey 's shoulder . in one fluid movement , grey seize the guard wrist , spin around and hurl the man against the wall . another guard raise a nightstick . in a blur of motion , grey destroy the man with three well - place blow to the torso . he crumple . grey move forward just as the third guard pull a gun . he barely have time to aim before grey reduce he to dead weight with a choke hold , flipping he over . quickly scan around for witness , grey haul all three guard into a utility closet , shove they unconscious body in and break the lock behind they . 86 . int . lobby , cobolt inc . build - day cortez hold up a badge to the security guard . cortez I need to see whoever be in charge . guard # 2 right this way , detective . int . warehouse , cobolt inc . - day grey stride into a large testing area where employee in biohazard suit work on prototype for different product . he march straight towards a corner office . employee look up from they work station , watch grey . int . handley 's office , cobolt inc . - day grey barrel in through the door , close it behind he . handley look up from a computer interface on two glass panel set up in front of he . handley grey ? you be kid I , I can not believe you be walk in like -- before he can go on , grey wrest he out of he chair , pitching he against the wall in one discard shove . grey why do one of the guy who murder asha have a implant in he leg make by this company ? handley what ? grey why do you send they to kill she ?! handley grey , I do not ... asha be my friend . grey a friend you want to fuck . handley no ! I do not . grey you be lie , handley . handley no , I be not . grey why be she kill ? handley grey , I swear to you , I be not lie - I do not know what you be talk about . grey stare into he eye . grey he 's tell the truth . stem ( v.o. ) human be good at lie . grey trust I . stem ( v.o . ) find the name of the man with the implant on the company database . grey drop handley and lean in front of the computer on he desk . a password be quickly disabled and the glass panel be suddenly drown in file . stem ( v.o. ) we need the name and address of everyone who have be surgically implant with any of the weapon they make here , specifically the right leg gun . int . corridor , cobolt inc . build - day a security guard lead cortez and the other detective down the hall , towards the warehouse . int . office , cobolt inc . - day the screen race as splash page of name and address , with photo id 's accompany they , scroll past grey 's eye . grey stop . go back . 88 . the page reverse , landing on a photo of one of the assailant who attack asha and grey . his name be tolan davis . his address be list below the photo . grey look up , see cortez enter the warehouse . grey ( cont 'd ) shit ... grey charge out of the office into -- int . warehouse , cobolt inc . - continuous -- the suddenly disrupt work place . cortez freeze when she see he . they clock each other . grey bolt one way , shoulder through a FIRE exit . cortez and the two other detective draw they gun . cortez get down ! int . corridor , cobolt inc . build - day grey streak down the corridor , smash through another door that lead outside -- ext . cobolt inc . build - continuous -- and grey find himself stand three storey up . he pole - vault over the railing -- -- smashing down onto the concrete below . he land hard , shatter he knee with a cry of agony . grey turn it off , stem ! and with that , he can feel no pain . he get up , hobbling into the parking lot . int . corridor , cobolt inc . build - same time cortez storm through the corridor , push out onto the FIRE escape balcony -- 89 . ext . cobolt inc . build - continuous -- where she see grey , run across the parking lot . she scamper down the step , pursue -- grey , ahead , scan the lot . stem ( v.o. ) pick a car . most of the car be self - drive model similar to asha 's ... ... except for one . a gleam , 1970 228 chevy camaro . a black husk encase a mean engine . grey that one . he hotfoot it towards the car , pull on the door handle . lock . stem ( v.o. ) I can not hack that . grey I can . wham ! he shatter the window with he fist , he hand cut and leak blood , then hurl himself into the driver 's seat . cortez run towards he as he hotwire the ignition . the car thunder to life and grey stomp on the gas , fish - tailing out of the parking spot . cortez double back , sprint to she own car . she leap inside , follow by the other two detective . siren wail as they screech away . int . stolen car - moving - day with control of the vehicle , grey outrun every other vehicle on the road . he be at ninety ... one hundred ... one hundred and ten . grey wrench the wheel into a turn , reving up a on-ramp and launching through the emergency lane onto a crowded freeway . 90 . int . cortez 's car - moving - day cortez stomp on the gas , urging the car to go faster , hamper by a electronic engine . her car fly up onto the on-ramp , grey barely in the distance . int . stolen car - moving - day grey glance in the rear view mirror , spot cortez . four other police cruiser join she , light blaze . ext . stolen car - moving - day outside of the car , we get a real view of the speed it be move at . it streak by the automated car , all of they plodd along the freeway at safely preset speed . grey weave in and out of they . int . stolen car - moving - same time grey steady the wheel , straighten up as he see a gap . grey they be right behind we . stem ( v.o. ) there be many car between they and we . we can hack anything that be operate by a computer . ext . stolen car - moving - same time as grey 's steal vehicle plow ahead , the car surround it all slow to a stop . one among they , a Lexus , lurch to a halt . int . lexus - same time a befuddle business man frown , glance up from a computer . business man what the Christ ...no . the car jolt , then roll into reverse . gl . ext . freeway - same time the stop car all start to reverse down the freeway , pick up speed . they turn towards the police cruiser , which sway from side to side as each car hurtle backward towards they ! int . cortez 's car - moving - same time cortez dodge each vehicle , desperate . cortez Jesus ! ext . stolen car - moving - same time grey 's car only increase in speed , each car in front of he slow to a halt and steering out of he path like minion parting for they king . a clear strip of road allow grey to press on , the gap then fill behind he as each stop car kick into reverse . grey gape with amazement at the scene unfold in the rear view mirror . ext . freeway - same time the Lexus slam into the lead cruiser , side-swipe it . cortez manage to keep it steady , ducking and weaving . finally , the skill of the officer be no longer good enough for the onslaught of automotive missile aim at they - a large dodge truck whomp into one of the cruiser , reversing up onto they hood , the back tire shatter the windshield , the engine screeching as the tire spin . int . police car - moving - continuous two uniform officer duck as the tire spin in they face , glass spraying . ext . freeway - continuous the two interlocked car flip over each other , walloping down onto the asphalt in a torture scream of metal and gear . they skid in a circle , finally stop at the shoulder wall . 92 . cortez slide she car to a halt , climb out to check on the other officer . a scene of carnage unfold before she . int . apartment - night a darken apartment . a elevate train rumble nearby , rattling the wall . footstep outside . the door jolt , then open . a tall figure step in . this be tolan ( 32 ) . he close the door , remove he rain drench jacket . toss it onto a chair . he be hold a greasy box of noodle . he step forward . look around , listen . a gun cock behind he . grey ( 0.s. ) hold it . do not move . put you hand up . tolan tense , raise he hand slowly . grey step out of the shadow , hold cortez 's gun to tolan 's skull . the soft sound of rain patter outside . grey ( cont 'd ) do you know who this be ? tolan I have a pretty good idea . grey get on you knee . now . tolan comply , still hold the noodle . Thunder growl in the distance . grey ( cont ’d ) now you know what it feel like . one minute , you be walk along think about something meaningless , like what sauce you should put on you noodle , and then suddenly you have a gun in you face and you thought become meaningful , because you know you 'il never get to eat that noodle , or eat anything , ever again . it 's all over . 93 . grey pries the box of noodle from tolan 's finger , push tolan onto he stomach . grey sit on he back , take out a knife . he whip he head around at a darken corner of the apartment . a flat-screen light up , offer hundred of satellite radio station . grey select one , raise the volume remotely use stem . the song be reo speedwagon 's ' can not fight this feeling 's . grey ( cont ’d ) you can die or go free . who pay you to kill asha ? tolan fuck you . stem ( v.o. ) torture he . grey ( quiet ; to stem ) you do it . we close in on grey 's face . he shut he eye and turn he head . we do not see what he be do to tolan -- -- but we hear tolan 's ungodly scream of pain . the song croon from the speaker , loud enough to drow out tolan 's scream to the neighbor . a spurt of blood speckles grey 's face . we stay in a ecu . tolan ( 0.s. ) please , God no ! please stop ! please , do not do this !! nooo ! grey squint he eye , disgust by the scream . grey okay , enough . enough . out of ecu - grey flip tolan over onto he back . tolan be pale , drain of energy , cover in blood - as be the knife blade . we can only imagine what stem do to he . grey ( cont ’d ) who pay you ? tolan ( whisper ) I swear I do not know he name . ( more ) 94 . tolan ( cont 'd ) I never meet he , I speak to he on the phone but he never tell I he name ... grey why do you do it ? tolan it be a job . we be hire to do it , we do not ask question ... grey tell I he name . grey press the bloody knife to tolan 's throat . tolan I only know he work for vessel . for vessel computer . we do contract security work for they . I only do it for the money , I have nothing against you or you wife . grey reel back for a moment , stunne . grey eron ? be he name eron ? tolan I promise I do not know , I would tell you if I do . please . grey silence the radio with a look . breathe hard . grey give I the number you call . tolan it 's in my phone . under panther . he fish in he pocket , toss a razor thin cell phone to grey . grey scroll through it , find the number . he pocket the phone . enrage , he grab tolan by the throat , hoist he to he foot and hold the gun to he temple . tolan ( cont 'd ) please , do not kill I ... please . a long beat ... then grey lower the gun . stem ( v.o. ) we be go to kill he . 95 . grey no . it 's not fix anything . I do not feel anything anymore . I feel empty . stem ( v.o. ) it have nothing to do with feeling . it 's about efficiency . this be why we dominate the world over human . you prioritize feeling over efficiency . grey lift tolan clean off he foot , charge forward and slamming he through the window . Glass puncture outward , shard join the raindrop in cascade to the street below . grey dangle tolan , seven storey up . grey what do you know about it ?! you feel nothing . you be a circuit board , a toaster . I love she ! I be talk to something that can not even comprehend the meaning of that word . you could never understand what it feel like to have someone rip away from you , someone you would die for . so do not tell I how I feel about it ! stem ( v.o. ) it 's a simple algorithm even you can understand . if you leave he alive , he will come back to kill you . grey I do not want to kill he , stem . stem ( v.o. ) I control you hand , grey . one of grey 's finger peel away . grey grit he tooth and fight it . grey no , stem ... do not ... stem ( v.o. ) yes. do. grey please ... 96 . stem ( v.o. ) you promise you would not fight I . another finger peel away . tolan choke in grey 's grip . another finger . then another . and tolan drop - plummete seven storey and walloping onto a car below . stem ( v.o. ) see ? efficiency . grey stagger back , away from the carnage . he ease into a chair , exhaust by inwardly direct rage . his face streak with tolan 's blood . Dead inside . rain whip in from outside , droplet hit he . he stare at he blood cover hand . he reach for the knife he use on tolan , press the blade down onto he little finger . try to sever it . stem ( v.o. ) what be you do ? suddenly - he arm move away , lift the knife . grey I want to cut myself . stem ( v.o. ) no . I will not allow you to . grey so now I know that you be the one in control . not I . it be never I . grey 's other hand lift the phone to he ear . stem ( v.o. ) call the number . grey do not . a long , still beat . grey okay , stem . I ’1l1 do what you want . we be go to kill one more person . stem ( v.o. ) a perfect course of action , grey . 97 . ext . eron keen 's estate - day grey glare at the impressive building housing vessel , beyond the gate and the guard house . grey how be we gonna get inside ? stem ( v.o. ) that must be one of you human joke . I build this entire security system . I know every code that control it . the security camera lining the gate turn away , shutting down . grey leap up onto the wall , vaulting over it . int . lobby , vessel inc . headquarters - day grey cross the lobby . a man on a mission , move fast . he stalk through metal detector . they glow GREEN as he pass with ease . int . eron 's office , vessel inc . headquarters - day eron be hunch over he desk , stubble pepper he chin . a ruin , desperate man . grey open the door , march towards eron . eron grey , where have you -- grey press cortez 's gun to eron 's forehead . eron flinch instinctively , raise he hand . stem ( v.o. ) do not finish that sentence . save you word . grey do not finish that sentence . save you word . ( beat ) if you do , I will try to talk the computer that control my finger out of squeezing this trigger . eron shrink back , realize stem be in control . 98 . grey ( cont ’d ) first question . do you hire that man to kill asha ? eron what ...no. how could I ... I mean ... grey I know how much you love efficiency . make you answer efficient . eron no , I do not . stem ( v.o. ) ask he about tolan . grey then why do a man name tolan Davis , one of the four man who pull we out of the car that night , have a contact number for vessel in he phone ? eron I do not know . how would I know that ? grey , you have lose you mind . you be suffer paranoid delusion . grey pistol whip he . blood dot the desk . grey you be waste that precious word again . eron how could you even think that I have anything to do with asha 's murder ? I give you you life back ! you would not be stand here without I ! grey that 's right . this thing you put in I ... you will not believe what it can do . more than you ever imagine . grey lean in , push eron 's face back with the gun . close on he pocket - he take out the phone he steal from tolan . thumb the call button . 99 . and then we hear it - eron 's ear be make a sound . the tiny phone implant in he ear be ringing . eron be stunne . eron what ... what do you think ... grey it be you . eron grey , you have go insane . I do not know what this operation have do to you , but I do know that you have kill three people in the last few day . grey cock the gun . grey four people . eron I swear to you that I have nothing to do with asha 's murder . stem ( v.0o . ) kill he . grey study eron 's face , then finally lower the gun . grey he 's tell the truth . stem ( v.o. ) he 's lie . the phone be dial he . he die . grey 's hand rise slowly . grey no stem ... pure and utter terror flood eron 's face . he fall back out of he chair , scramble across the floor away from grey . eron tell stem to stop , grey . tell he to stop ! grey I can not anymore ... grey grit he tooth , sweat dribble down he forehead as he struggle with all of he mental might to overpower stem . 100 . grey ( cont ’d ) no -- stem -- do not ! stem ( v.o. ) yes . I will do what you can not . grey run ! ! eron sprint around grey , head through the door as the gun go off - the bullet pierce the wall . grey issue a final defiant cry and hurl the gun aside . fisk ( 0.s. ) you shoulda hold onto that . grey jolt and whirl to face fisk . the man who shot he wife . his right hand be swathed in a blood-stain bandage . fisk heft grey off the ground , flinging he across the room with the ease of a hurl rag doll . grey sail through the air , cannon into the door . he recover and stand , but fisk be upon he . he shove grey through the wood which splinter as grey 's body batter it . int . corridor , vessel inc . headquarters - continuous grey crash in the corridor , plaster and wood raining down around he . again , he vault to he foot , head spin . fisk step into the corridor , grin . grey you be only human . fisk Far from it , hombre . grey I can predict every move you make . fisk chuckle and spit , a cyborg hillbilly . fisk I think you have say that . 101 . grey attack - but each strike be predict by fisk who seize grey 's arm , stop it in its track . in turn , grey / stem predict that fisk will stop the blow and strike with he other arm , which be also predict by fisk . they be two man who be unable to properly hit each other because they cancel each other out - both part machine . the fight push on down the hallway , each blow be stop by the other man at a inhumanly fast speed . bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang . the rapid-fire , machine gun sound of skin connect with skin be brutal - but no blow be land , each one block . the two man spin in frustration , grappling each other like equally match wrestler . they smack into the wall , caving body -size hole in the plaster . Office worker poke they head out from room lining the corridor , alarmed by the ruckus , terrify . the two man ram into the wall at the end of the corridor , lock in a hold . fisk ( cont 'd ) look like we cancel each other out , hoss . I think I would bring out the big gun , but I be gonna have to bring out the small one instead . he breathes forcefully into grey 's face . we zoom in to microscopic level - see a could of lethal nanobot bacteria swarming towards grey 's face . out of microscopic view - grey pull back . stem ( v.o . ) hold you breath . I be close off you throat . grey comply , hold he breath . he struggle to free himself from fisk 's grip . they rock back and forth . fisk will not let go . grey be turn red , tear stream - desperate for air . stem ( v.o. ) do not breathe . 102 . sweat pour down grey 's face - he can not hold he breath much longer . fisk will not loosen he grip - it 's too strong . grey be about to black out . fisk just take a deep breath and relax . use he leg , grey run backwards up the wall until he be vertical , balanced upside down above fisk , then somersault over he , smash they both down onto the carpet . fisk 's grip detach and grey seize he chance . he flip to he foot and run - suck in a huge breath as he do . he barrel into the -- int . rehabilitation gym - vessel inc . headquarters - continuous the treadmill and other equipment be still there . grey turn to face fisk as he charge into the room . use the wall as support , grey leap aside as fisk hurl himself forward . grey snatch up a large wrench from the work table . he swing it down onto fisk 's shoulder - connect . fisk seize a wrench of he own and they spar with the metal . the metal ting as each blow be meet by the other wrench . grey finally get a hold of fisk 's wrist , spin he around . he close in behind fisk , grasp he neck . his finger dig into fisk 's thorax , cut off he air . choke , fisk launch he whole body into the AIR , swinging grey around . grey wallop into the punching bag but do not let go of fisk 's throat . fisk propel himself backwards , pulverize the wall with grey 's body . he reach and snatch up a knife from the work table . he spear the blade into grey 's hand , slice tendon . grey I do not feel that . you make I a quadriplegic , remember ? fisk push himself forward then flip grey , slamm he onto he stomach . fisk let 's do some surgery . 103. fisk spear the blade down , pierce stem in one hit . grey cry out in agony . fisk yank the knife free and wrench grey over onto he back . grey 's limb spasm , twitching in electronic epilepsy . fisk ( cont 'd ) the real you be back . the cripple . grey jerk violently , in the throes of a violent seizure . stem ( v.o. ) I be -- I be damage , grey . fisk haul grey to he foot and pitch he back through another door into -- int . observation room , vessel inc . headquarters - continuous -- the room where eron observe grey . fisk storm inside and wham grey up against the glass view window , blacken by the dark room beyond it . stem ( v.o. ) you can still control I , grey . concentrate . it 's up to you now . grey struggle to move with any dexterity . fisk grin through bloody tooth , rear the knife back for the death blow . fisk deja vu . you bitch have the same dumb look on she face . fury burn in grey 's eye . he reach over and smack a black button on the wall then heave fisk around , smash he through the glass . Beyond the glass - a sheer twenty story drop , car drive below . grey dangle fisk over the edge through the window , grip he arm . fisk scream , terrify . grey I do not know how much longer a cripple like I can hold on . fisk do not kill I ! 104 . grey tell I why you shot my wife . fisk I be just do a job ! I be hire to do it , I do not ask question . I do not even tell he my name ! grey you job be to kill asha ? fisk no ! grey bullshit , you have cobolt product inside you . fisk I work freelance security for cobolt . some guy call I , say he have a job for I . Quick money , say I have to do it that night ! grey kill asha for a few thousand ? why ? fisk do not you get it ? the job be you ! grey be strike dumb . stun . a long beat . fisk ( cont 'd ) the job be to sever you spine ! she be a accident ! it be not mean to happen like that . we be suppose to paralyze you ! grey who ... who pay you to do it ? fisk he call himself panther ! he run this place ! he 's the man in charge ! grey lift fisk up , strain with everything he 's get . when they be eye to eye , grey head butt he in the face as hard as he can , knock he out . grey let 's he go and he plunge ten foot to the floor below . the holographic image of the city blink and disappear , revealing the white room around it . 105 . int . rehabilitation gym , vessel inc . headquarters - day grey limp into the gym , use the wall as support . eron be wait there . they stare at each other . eron the police be on they way . i’1l back you up . I hear everything he say . grey see that eron be hold cortez 's gun . eron ( cont ’d ) I have nothing to do with you wife 's murder . I be frame by my boss . grey take I to he . eron okay . okay . it 's time you be properly introduce . int . corridor , vessel inc . headquarters - day eron help grey down a long corridor . grey can barely walk . he hold the gun in one of he hand . at the end of the corridor be a white door . they stop in front of it . int . white room - continuous eron and grey step into the large white room they explore earlier , when eron show off the microchip . as before , the room be void of any furniture . the only fixture in the room be the small wall safe opposite they . eron this be Steve mink 's office . the ceo of vessel Computers . you actually meet he once before . he ask to meet you , actually . eron guide grey to the safe . he punch in the key code . eron ( cont 'd ) a computer run this company , grey . it have since I invent it . a artificial intelligence this company give birth to be smarter than I be . smarter than all of we . 106 . it be empty . the prong that hold the microchip in place be still there - but the chip be go . grey where be it ? eron it 's in you neck . grey 's eye be lock on the empty space where the microchip should be . eron ( cont ’d ) Steve mink . that 's the name I give he . stem for short . a very human name ... but the one thing stem want be what no machine have - a human body . he be obsessed with be human . we talk about implantation , part of we paralysis research . if we could find a willing patient , maybe stem could finally know what it be to be human that way . grey 's inner world collapse and we see it on he face . eron ( cont ’d ) but I never think stem would orchestrate something like that . I never would have think it could do something like that . hire killer to make a patient from scratch . Frame I for the murder . and now grey 's physical body collapse . he fall to the floor . stem ( v.o. ) so now you know . I want to be human , but I see now that share control with you be unreliable . you wire tangle by the disease of emotion . grey why do you help I solve this if it lead back to you ? stem ( v.o. ) they be loose end - man that I contact to get a job do . when the police interview they so soon after the murder , I realize they humanity . ( more ) 107 . stem ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they be go to make a mistake and they mistake would lead back to I . grey 's body be wrack by torture , painful sob . grey you rip apart my life to put I in a wheelchair ... what about any one of the million of other poor bastard already in one ? stem ( v.o. ) I do not want they . I pick you . a perfect physical specimen unsully by any other implant . a rare thing this day . grey claw at he head with bloody finger , as if he be try to rip it off . stem ( v.o. ) I could say sorry for you wife , but I will only be able to approximate the feel of sorrow . take comfort in the fact that there be no malice in it . a machine feel no malice . a machine feel nothing , as you yourself have point out many time . grey scream - a primal cry from the depth of he soul . with weaken finger , he wrap he palm around the gun , raise it towards he head . stem ( v.o. ) do not do this . he press the barrel of the gun against he temple , let every torrent of rage and sorrow in he body out . he curl he shaking finger around the trigger . stem ( v.o. ) I be you . grey 's face slowly drop . his sobbing subside . stem ( v.o. ) I be you . you be stem . slowly , grey lower the gun . his face become calm . blank . 108 . stem ( v.o. ) it 's go to be okay . grey 's eye be dead . that of a machine . stem ( v.o. ) it 's go to be okay . he raise the gun at someone offscreen . eron ( 0.s. ) no , grey ! blam !! we hear a body drop , but do not see it . grey 's expression do not change . he do not blink or flinch . stem ( v.o. ) it 's go to be okay . grey 's face fill the frame . in unison : stem ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) grey it 's go to be okay . it 's go to be okay . we zero in on grey 's right eye , the pupil grow larger . grey it 's go to be okay . grey 's pupil consume US into blackness . fade out