upstream color revision 1 by Shane carruth revision 1 int . hatchback - dusk in the backseat lie two full trashbag open enough to see the content : paper ring linked in a long chain . on each sheet of fold paper we can make out handwriting . the wind jostle they as the car speed down the road . ext . alley / recycling bin - next - dusk evan ( 30 ) carry the bag from he car to the bin . one go in easy . the other tear so he have to scoop up the tangle paper chain by hand . it clump like intestine . luca and peter , both 12 , bike down the alley . Lucas head toward Evan who 's get back in the car . Peter hesitates : peter what be you do ? Lucas . Peter listen from a distance . Lucas be at the car window : luca when can we come over ? you know . come ove - evan yeah , I get it . couple week . we 'il see . Peter do not get it . the hatchback take off . int . plant nursery - day Evan scan through the aisle , hunt for a certain flower . he rub he finger on the GREEN leaf of one . not it . another show more promise , a orchid . he scrape a leaf wollen knife , produce a turquoise powder , fine like he grab a handful of the plant 's soil and sift through it . then another handful until he find a tiny white inchworm . CUT to : he busy four of the pot orchid at the checkout . revision 1 2 . ext . evan 's house / back yard - dusk he pull the last of the plant from its pot , shake the dirt off the root , and throw it in a fire . he dump the pot soil onto a sifter and start shaking it , leave behind rock , twig , and several white inchworm . int . evan 's house / back room - next - dusk two empty glass jar sit on the desk . one have a happy face sticker , the other a frown with X 's for eye . Evan scan over the sifter , pick up worm after worm . one squirm in he palm . he throw it in the happy jar . another lie still . Dead . it go in the frown jar . behind he , a old man , gill play online poker . ext . evan 's house / back porch - night Peter cautiously bike in to see Lucas amusing a group of teenager . he 's positioning a older boy , monty , in the middle of the porch then get he to down a shot of black liquid . Lucas pour himself a shot from he TRAVEL mug , downs it , shake out he arm , and put he hand over monty 's eye : luca Close ’em . Close ya eye . just trust . monty do . Lucas stand at he side and prepare . Lucas slowly raise he right hand , swirl he index finger . monty 's right hand mimic the motion in perfect unison . Lucas get more creative , make hand gesture , use both arm . monty , eye close , instantly match move for move . he 's a puppet . Lucas gesture to the other : luca ( cont have ) go ahead . throw it up . throw it . someone throw a ball at monty who smack it down , control by Lucas . then a stick , empty can , etc . ( continued ) continued : revision 1 3 . Lucas stand face monty so that they every move be a mirror opposite ( not mirrore , get it ? ) . they poke each other 's shoulder , play - smack each other 's face , like a extremely complex game of patty cake . Lucas stop when he see Peter . luca ( cont have ) wait , wait . peter. Peter ! come here ! Peter 's left-handed . he 's a lefty . int . evan 's house / back room - next - night Evan sit back , allow Lucas to run the process at the desk and show off for Peter . he grab a live inchworm from the dozen in the happy jar and reference the 100 dead one in the frown jar : luca see how many you gotta go through to get a good one ? he put it on a cocktail strainer and pour pep. over the worm , let it collect in a shot glass for Peter . Lucas move the worm and strainer to he own mug while ... luca ( cont have ) Pete 's a bit of a germaphobe so let I get mine go and I 'il show there 's nothing - Peter 's not go to be push so he just downs it fast . Lucas look up , surprised . he do not see the worm fall through the strainer into he mug . behind they , gill do : gill hey , boy ! watch that . luca yeah , I get it . I know . see , I know . nobody want that . come here little guy . evan no , no . just throw - luca no , I know . throw this batch out . that 's that . I know . see. start over . revision 1 4 . he pour out the mug , wipe it with a napkin . ext . evan 's house / back porch - next - night Lucas face Peter . the other watch . Peter 's nervous . luca ready ? peter no . he look around , embarrassed to be the center of attention . Lucas throw up a jab . Peter instantly mirror he with a jab of he own . they fist meet . he 's shocked . it 's involuntary . Lucas throw random jab , slap , and hook , all meet by Peter , move in perfect unison . now he 's enjoy it , laugh . it do not stop even as they talk and the other cheer . peter ( cont have ) how be you do it ? luca I be not . you be . peter I be not . you be . luca and peter I be not you be . you be do it . you be . ext . near train bridge - dawn Lucas applaud noela ( 11 ) as she do cartwheel in the grass . CUT to : they hold each other , lean against a boulder . she share he mug . he whisper something in she ear and ... without hesitation she walk out on a narrow wall of concrete jutting from the hillside . the fall would be 30 foot . she do not seem to care . nearby , Peter watch , get worried . he panic , move to help as she prepare for a cartwheel ... ( continued ) 9a continued : revision 1 5 . but when she place the first hand down she suddenly wake up to the danger , wobble , steady herself . she step back ... ... and come right after Lucas , violently slapping at he . noela the hell 's ... wrong ... with you ! ext . CITY marathon - day 1000 racers move through the suburb . one racer , jeff , pass by a man with a dog on the roadside , brent . jeff watch you dog . brent what ? jeff get you dog out of the road . Jeff stop , come back , dither , before finally approach : jeff ( cont have ) where you from ? you from here ? brent that 's my house . Jeff take off , blow off the odd feel he seem to have . Brent call after he : brent ( cont have ) where be you from ? Jeff wave it off , run away : jeff nothing . nowhere . CUT to : kris ( 30 , long dark hair ) run in a stream of racer . she slow to a stop , answer she ear bud phone , turn the opposite way so the race flow around she . something 's wrong : ( continued ) 10 11 12 continued : revision 1 6. kris say that again , what ? you can see what ? whose ? no , not till Monday . whose be it ? ext . construction yard - day a other-worldy creature gallop across like a horse . after a few foot the movement repeat : it 's a video clip play ... int . visual production build - day .»..0n a monitor in front of kris , now in office dress . she 's in one cubicle of many , on the phone : kris ( on phone ) you can see he foot . a grip , gaffer , I do not know , somebody 's foot , a shadow . right but if I can see it they be go to see it too . ok I be go to ask five people around I if they notice and if one - CUT to : roth ( 40 ) lean against she cubicle wall . roth cut they loose . hire another team . you can not keep have the same conversation with they . what do you think ? she ponder . kris I think they be the best of the lot and the rest be not great ... and I can not keep have the same conversation with they . int . downtown / restaurant - next - day she finish a salad at the bar , scan 12 index card fan out in front of she . each card list a different visual effect house , number of employee , etc . and be paper- clipped to artwork depict the creature we see on she monitor . ( continued ) 13 14 continued : revision 1 7. CUT to : kris ( on phone ) it have be a while - I be sorry about that , but you be work be just amazing . when we see you take on it everyone know instantly we find the right place . I do have a couple question - int . evan 's house / back room - dusk Evan set aside two capsule from a tylenol bottle ... . carefully open one , empty the medicine ... . place a inchworm inside , reclose the halve ... - mark a tiny dot on the capsule with a pen . he hold the tampere and untampere capsule up to the light , compare they before they both go in a SMALL baggy . woman ( off screen ) what be it ? int . downtown / night club - night sitting in a back booth , he 's show she the baggy under the table discreetly . he 's coy , flirt . she be too . woman you have more ? evan one for I . one for you . woman my friend though . this disappoint he , but he do not let she see . recovering : evan when be they come ? she lazily point across the room . they be already there . evan ( cont have ) let I check if I can get more . he scoot out of the booth . she do not hear he . ( continued ) ee the of 15 16 17 18 continued : revision 1 8. woman what ? where be you go ? he 's do with she so why not ... evan you get wine breath . go brush you tooth . ext . downtown / sidewalk - next - night he walk through the crowd , scan face , hunt . ext . downtown / mini - mart - next - night lean against the wall , he hang the baggy just outside he jean pocket , try to get the attention of a man ina suit . suit ignore he . Evan shake it off , dismay . he leave . ext . downtown / STREET - next - night he grab a brown grocery sack from he car , test out a taser , and walk off . int . downtown / restaurant - next - night we follow kris to a back hallway where the restroom be . she try the woman 's , but it 's lock . she wait , check she phone , flick through message . Beyond she ... ... Evan wait outside the menus . he approach with he phone out to show she : evan be you get a signal in here ? get a new phone and I can not tell if it 's I or - she look over , but it do not matter because now he 's close enough to jam a taser under she rib . she seize up and collapse against the wall . in one practice move he put the taser away and cradle she in one arm . she look like any other drunk girl . 19 revision 1 9 . ext . downtown / alleyway behind restaurant - next - night the exit door bang OPEN . he lay she on the pavement . she 's gasp for breath , not able to make a sound . he retrieve the grocery sack from behind a dumpster and sit on she chest as he unpack a resuscitator . he place it over she mouth and twist the valve . water start to drip . he squeeze the resuscitator bag that we now see be full of liquid . it flow into she , force she to swallow . for a instant we see a inchworm in the tube before it disappear into she mouth . she swallow one last time . he take the device away , allow she to breathe . he stand up like he 's just roped a calf . she gasp , crawl to she knee . she stumble to she foot , try to escape down the alley . he grab she purse from the ground and slowly follow , keep he distance , observe . a subtle transformation take place : her panic ebb until she be walk casually , unsure of she own motivation . she suddenly veer off , but Evan correct she : evan no no . come on . this way . she obey . by the time they reach the heavy foot traffic on the main street , she be more like a companion than victim . evan turn leave here . she do . they enter the thick congestion of people . evan ( cont have ) hold onto my belt . take you purse . she do . he lead . they be just another couple on a date . 19 a 20 21 22 revision 1 10 . int . kris 's car - next - night Evan ride in the back seat , scan kris 's house as they pull into the long driveway . int . kris 's house / office - next - night at the desk Evan thumb through bill , financial statement , etc . he set aside blank " balance transfer check " . he open she checkbook to see the balance : " $ 5189 . 23 " . he check he watch , think . he pull a paperback copy of " walden " from he back pocket , rest it on the desk . he tap the cover while scan the room . int . kris 's house / hallway closet - next - night he pull out various board game , look for something . he find a case of poker chip , tuck it under he arm . int . kris 's house / foyer - next - night kris 's bare feet be within one white tile of the tile floor . she stand , relaxed , almost nodd off against the wall . Evan snap he finger : evan no no . stay awake . you feel refresh . kris be there food ? evan all the food be poison . you be throat be parched . go to the kitchen . make a pitcher of ice water . bring a small glass . she look to the kitchen and then to she foot , confuse . evan you can leave the tile . the rest of the floor will support you weight now . 23 24 revision 1 11 . int . kris 's house / live room - next - night the pitcher and glass rest on the table . kris sit . evan I have to apologize . I be bear with a disfigurement where my head be make of the same material as the sun . it make it impossible for you to look directly at I . it have always be this way . kris be hit with a flood of light . she squint , turn away . Evan 's head be a bright light , illuminate the room . he pour a tiny amount of water into the glass . evan ( cont have ) the water before you be somehow special . when you drink it you feel revive and full of energy . it be better than anything you have ever taste . take a drink now . she do , surprised at how good it be . he pour again . evan there be two approach army : hunger and fatigue . but a great wall keep they at bay . the wall extend to the sky and will stay up until I say otherwise . each drink be better than the last , leave you with a desire to have one more . take a drink now . she do , immediately eyeing the pitcher , want more . evan ( cont have ) the next drink must be earn and I be go to tell you how . focus closely on my instruction . I will ask you to repeat they from memory . int . kris 's house / bedroom - dawn Evan sleep alone in kris 's bed . his phone alarm beeps . he wake . CUT to : 25 26 revision 1 12 . he play a few hand of poker on he phone . int . kris 's house / kitchen - next - day he scan over a tray of multi - colored espresso capsule , try to pick one . he try to figure out how to get a capsule into the machine . espresso pour into a cup . we hear kris in the next room ... int . kris 's house / live room - continuous - day she be organize the poker chip in stack of 10 : kris ten chip . ten chip . eight , nine , ten chip . Three , four , and six , ten chip ... she do a quick count of the stack with she finger . satisfied , she grab a nearby sheet of paper full of she handwriting . she fold it over and add it as another " link " in the chain of paper ring she have be construct all night . she use a glue stick and then count while she hold it tight : kris ( cont have ) one one thousand , two one thousand , three one thousand , four and five and stick ... she let go of the paper , watch to make sure it stick . it do so she get she treat , fill the glass precisely to a marker line draw by hand . it 's barely a sip . she downs the drink and take a moment to enjoy it before realize she want another . she get back to work . CUT to : Evan enter with he coffee and a disconnect telephone . kris finish transcribe a page from " walden " to a sheet of blank paper and immediately start stack chip . first a line of single chip , then two : ( continued ) continued : revision 1 13 . kris ( cont have ) one chip , one chip , one chip , one , one , one , one chip , one , one , one chip , two chip , two chip , two , one and two chip ... evan the water have lose its appeal . it do not seem as entice as before . you have no craving for it . she continue she work , but slowly the passion for it go miss as if she be question it for the first time . he place the telephone receiver to he ear as a prop : evan kris , I have just get a call . it 's you mother . she say she 's be take by several man . kris oh no . evan she say they will not let she go unless you pay they . kris no . oh no . do you have money ? evan no , I do not . I be sorry . can you think of anything ? she sound brave , but I think they be hurt she . kris Mom . I have the house . evan you own the house ? kris not all of it . but I have ... I could - evan what 's the equity ? kris thirty -six thousand . would that be enough ? and coin . ( continued ) 27 28 29 30 continued : revision 1 14 . evan coin ? int . kris 's house / walk - in closet - next - day she sit in front of a wall panel , very upset , cry : kris I just . do not. feel . like I should . evan do you want I to look away ? would that make you feel better ? she hesitates . he 's still directly behind she but ... evan I have step outside . you be comfortable and secure . you have take control . confident and empower . she open the panel revealing a handgun , paper , and 3 velvet case . Evan see the gun and eye kris , but she 's oblivious to it , only remove the case before return the panel . int . kris 's house / bathroom - next - day she 's on the toilet after a night of drink water . at the counter Evan count the gold coin in the first case and then open the next two case , also full . int . kris 's house / office - next - day paper slide out of the printer entitle : " application for home equity line of credit " . int . kris 's house / bedroom - next - day Evan pick out a white dress from kris 's closet ... 31 32 33 34 revision 1 15 . int . kris 's house / dine room - next - day kris wear the dress , makeup do , beautiful . she finish fill out the application at the table . Evan check it and slide a balance transfer check to she . evan five thousand . she fill it out , write " $ 5000.00 " , sign it . evan forty -five hundred . he slide another check to she . she fill it out . evan ( cont have ) Three thousand . he slide another . int . kris 's car - next - day she drive . he sit immediately behind she . evan weather be beautiful . you feel like walk a bit so you park a block away . ext . bank - next - day from the car he watch she go in from a block away . int . kris 's car - next - day she drive while relaying a mental transcript : kris - I give you back you id ? there we be . current balance be at the bottom . please allow three to four business day for availability of fund . be there anything else I can help you with ? no , that 's it . then thank you very much for stop in miss Fischer and have a great - 35 36 37 38 revision 1 16 . ext . credit union - next - day kris exit and walk toward the car . int . kris 's car - next - day again , while she drive : kris yes mar ’am , may I help you ? who can I speak to about a home equity line of credit ? I can help you with that . my name be Marie . please have a seat . I love you broche - int . kris 's house / live room - night kris be alone . she 's lose weight . her eye be sink in . her busywork have become more elaborate . she crochet with yarn that alternate between white and red after some length : kris over and under and through and back and over and under and through and around and over and under and through and back and now you be red . she position herself in front of the red piece in a game of checker . after some think , she play , jump a piece . kris ( cont have ) Crown I . she add another handwritten page from " walden " to the chain and pour a sip of water . the chain be now 20 feet long and wind throughout the room . ext . kris 's house / back porch - day Evan listen to voicemail on kris 's phone while play more poker on he . man on phone kris , roth again . I assume you have be sick and maybe call hr instead . um , I do not know why you would do that , we need to hear - he hit " delete " . behind he kris continue she work . 39 40 41 42 revision 1 17 . int . kris 's house / kitchen - day Evan be make a sandwich , slather cream cheese . he suddenly notice kris be stand behind he hold the empty pitcher . still shield she eye from he , she 's stare at the sandwich , salivate . evan the wall be a mile thick and make of rock . nothing can or ever have get through . she move on to refill she pitcher , but she eye linger . he think on this . CUT to : he fill a large pot with ice . int . kris 's house / dine room - next - day she 's enjoy a BOWL of ice , blow over a spoonful , convinced it be hot . the large pot and ladle be on the table . on the wall shadow of tree leave dance . she laugh at they like she 's watch a sitcom . which she be . int . kris 's car - day Evan wait in the backseat as kris approach from the bank . she get behind the wheel , drop a envelope on the next seat . as they drive off he grab the envelope , check the cash inside , and file it with other envelope in a shoebox . int . kris 's house / live room - day kris do she busywork . Evan pack the coin in the shoebox ... ... put walden back in he pocket ... ... grab the telephone and pitcher ... ... dump the ice water in the sink ... ( continued ) 43 44 45 46 continued : revision 1 18 . ... watch kris work for one last moment before ... evan kris , the wall have crumble , fall down . her work slow . she sit back . while Evan begin pack the long chain of paper ring into trash bag she stand , head to the kitchen . int . kris 's house / kitchen - next - day she sit on the floor eat from the refrigerator with the door wide open . she 's too busy to notice Evan exit through the front door with the trash bag and shoebox . CUT to : she 's go . the refrigerator content have be ransacke and the door leave open . int . kris 's house / bedroom - next - day she 's in deep sleep , jam and bit of food cake on she mouth . int . bloodstream on a macro scale we see representation of chemistry , biology , branching , growth . slender tubule glide past each other . int . kris 's house / bedroom - night still asleep , kris 's arm unfurl and twist seemingly under its own control until it extend out to the edge of the bed . one at a time she leg reach out to full extension . on she leave calf something that look like a large vein rise against the inside of the skin and elongate toward she foot . the same happen on she leave forearm . her eye open slowly . unaware , she turn to she right arm ... ... to see the long worm rise against the skin . 47 a7a 48 revision 1 19 . int . kris 's house / kitchen - next - night sitting on the floor against the counter kris frantically try to push the worm along she ankle with she hand . with the other hand she reach up to a drawer and withdraw a knife . she summon bravery and then cut into she leg . she 's able to pull out the end of the worm , but the more she pull the more agonizing the pain . with 6 inch of worm in she grip she slice off its end . immediately , we hear a high - pitched tone . she pass out . day she 's still lie in the same spot . unconscious . night she slowly come to . CUT to : she sit at the refrigerator , eating fast , drinking water . she think to examine she ankle and see ... the wound be scabbed over . ext . truck bed - dusk 10 speaker lay in the bed as the truck head toward the CITY on a rural road . ext . empty field / outskirt - dusk against the far off cityscape we isolate a truck . extend up from the cab on a pole be a gang of light that suddenly flip on , lighting the surroundings like a bioluminescent lure . CUT to : alone , wesley ( 50 ) unload 10 large speaker from he truck . he lay they face down on the ground in a group . he hit " play " on a tape player next to preamp in the truck bed . grumbling bass like womb noise play into the ground . he walk away from the setup , a folding chair under he arm . ( continued ) 49 continued : revision 1 20 . night earthworm writhe in the mud . Far away wesley sit in he chair take note under a book light . a video on he phone show a cellist audition in a empty rehearsal hall . after a few bar ... he skip to another clip , a oboist : oboist ( in video ) my name be Kevin Anderson . i’1l be play ilaiyaraja 's score from dalapathi in G. 3 second in , wesley skip to a french horn , trumpet , etc . headlight approach on the road . he lean to he telescope : the car stop . kris step out in a nightgown , move into the field toward the speaker . wesley pack up . kris walk almost trancelike , stop once before continue . nearby , more worm writhe on the ground . Dark everywhere . she get to the speaker . the bass switch off suddenly . the silence wake she . wesley hit the truck headlight and move to she . she raise she arm , show he cut on all she extremity . kris it will not come out . wesley no . not like that . int . livestock build / exam room - next - night kris stand next to a steel platform , a scale for weigh livestock . fluorescent hum while she look around nervously . wesley calibrate the scale then ... ( continued ) 50 continued : revision 1 21 . wesley ok , go ahead and step on . she do . he mark she weight on a clipboard . int . livestock build / white room - next - night she sit on a cot down a tall glass of a milky mixture . she eye wesley who be mark up the clipboard . wesley what do you weigh ... before the growth ? kris one fifteen . maybe . why ? all business , he put another full glass of the mixture in front of she . she grab it and prepare to drink . kris will you say why ? wesley it 's fine . this guy 's 11 pound . kris be that good ? wesley silently continue write . kris , how long do it take ? he pour another glass to a precise level for she . kris ( cont have ) this 's 11 kill it ? he make the mistake of look at she and melt a bit : wesley I can answer all you question after . right now there 's no point in tell you . you will not remember . kris where do it come from ? nothing . ( continued ) 51 52 53 54 continued : revision 1 22 . kris this will kill it ? wesley no . no that will not . that 's go to make you very sick . we be make you body a place he do not want to be . eleven pound make he thirty foot long so it 's 1ll take around three and a half day . he close he clipboard , set to leave . she 's scared . wesley it do not come from anywhere . you people just show up . I be sure you think you be awake . you be not awake . int . livestock build / exam room - night wesley put in earplugs to muffle kris 's scream of agony come from down the hall . he tie two RAW beef steak together with gauze . int . livestock build / white room - next - night wesley search kris 's extremity : leave arm , leave leg , right arm , right leg . that 's where he find the nub of the worm 's head peek out . he wrap the layer of beef over it . he pull the cot to the other side of the room for better access , nearly deaf to she scream . int . livestock build / exam room - morning wesley have prepped a area on the belly of a unconscious pig for surgery . he wash it with iodine . he begin to cut out a square segment with a scalpel . int . livestock build / white room - next - morning he check between the steak to see the worm have travel through the first and enter the second . he insert a wooden dowel under the worm and manage to loop it a few time . he turn the dowel , pull more of the worm from kris . she scream . ( continued ) 55 56 continued : revision 1 23 . he wheel the pig into the room on a gurney , position next to kris 's leg . he affix the second steak , worm still embed , to the square wound on the pig . night kris moan , pass out from exhaustion . wesley pour more mixture , wake she . she push it away , scream : kris no ! no ! she look toward the pig and go quiet . after some think she downs the poison . she have see : the setup be orderly and run well . the worm go from she leg , around the dowel ( now support on a stand ) a few time , and then disappear into the pig . day wesley turn the dowel for the last time , remove the last part of worm from kris . he wheel the pig out of the room . 12 inch of worm still protrude from its wound . int . livestock build / exam room - day reading from he note he add a line to a page of name and serial number : " kris fischer 20110802 - kris " on a SMALL tag he copy the serial number : " 20110802 - kris " he pierce the pig 's ear with the tag . by now the worm have crawle further in with only a few inch now leave outside . ext . pigpen - day the pig be release into the pen pass other with similar ear tag and first name : " Robert " " Luis " " Paula " etc . the pen hold 50 pig . Beyond it be wesley 's farmhouse . 57 58 59 60 61 revision 1 24 . ext . kris 's house - day kris calmly walk to the front entrance and open the door . int . kris 's house - next - day we follow as she pass through the live room , the kitchen , she bedroom . she do not seem to notice the tens of people stand idle in every room . she begin to remove she nightgown when she stop , puzzle . she calmly step back to the kitchen to see everyone , but before she can make sense of it ... ext . rural road near refinery - day kris wake in she car . she have be place behind the wheel . the car be park just off the road . 4 stripe tower of a oil refinery lie in the distance . for a moment she be freeze in terror , eye wide . she suddenly take a huge breath , waking to she surroundings . she nervously check the backseat , the glove box , the floorboard , look for any clue to how she get here . a moment of think lead she to a great fear : she lift she nightgown and put a hand in she underwear . she inspect she finger but nothing be confirm either way . ext . police station - next - day she drive into the parking lot ... ... turn off the ignition , about to open the car door but ... her hand rest on the handle . she scan people : cop , victims , men in handcuff . she 's hesitate . she start up the ignition and back out . ext . kris 's house - next - day she pull into the driveway , look for anything suspicious . CUT to : ( continued ) 62 63 64 65 66 continued : revision 1 25 . she open the front door and push it wide OPEN . after check around corner she quickly take a few step in , grab she cellphone , and retreat back outside . she dial 911 then let she thumb hover over the call button . she wield this as a weapon and enter the house . int . kris 's house - next - day she stand in each room , study it . the office ... live room ... '' hallway ... . bedroom ... ... kitchen . she crouch near the dried blood on the floor . the knife lie next to it . she rub she wrist . CUT to : she mop and clean the kitchen . int . kris 's house / bathroom - next - day kris shower . int . kris 's house / live room - next - day dressed for work , purse ready , coat on . she sit on the couch gather thought , contemplate . ext . visual production build - next - day she walk with determination through the parking lot toward the front entrance . int . visual production build / office - next - day kris sit before a female manager . manager and do you try anybody else ? because I speak to Amy and she do not remember talk to - ( continued ) 67 68 69 continued : revision 1 26. kris I already say it be voicemail . I leave a voice - where be roth ? today . why be not he tell I himself ? manager well he could not be here but that 's not ... kris notice a security guard enter and stand nearby . kris i. have . the flu . I have a hundred and six temperature ! ext . visual production build - next - day she walk to she car , cry and carry picture frame , a mug , etc . the guard stay behind she . int . grocery store - night kris be check out , run she card through the scanner . it 's not work . the cashier try to help but it 's no use . frustration mount . we be too far away to hear dialogue . int . bank / investigator 's office - day kris wait alone . her older sister maggie stand just outside . maggie ( on cellphone ) richie , it 's I . if you be already on the road I be sorry , but we have get a problem . it 's kris . everybody 's safe but you need to call as soon as you can . CUT to : maggie have join kris , both seat , wait . maggie what time do you have to get back ? kris stare forward , tense . ( continued ) continued : revision 1 27 . maggie kris , what time ? kris , I do not . I quit . maggie you quit you job ? when ? kris few day ago - last week . maggie krissy , why ? kris because . they be asshole . the bank investigator join they at he desk with paper . CUT to : he 's place down a withdrawal slip copy for they to inspect . kris ( cont have ) ... that 's not even my - that 's forge . that 's not my signature . it 's not . maggie scrutinize the handwrite as another paper be sly next to it with a identical signature : " kris Fischer " . investigator and this be a deposit slip from September . kris yeah , that 's my write . this be not though , see ? it 's forgery . maggie compare they : the same . she look at kris , perplex . CUT to : the investigator try to put together a thoughtful response . investigator coerce . see the problem I be have be first you say theft then you say you signature be forge . now we be at coerce . I have no interest in ( more ) ( continued ) 70 71 continued : revision 1 investigator ( cont would ) prove , disprove . certainly you have experience something . I just know that my ability to help be come to a end . from the standpoint of the bank there have be no wrongdo . the three be quiet , unsure how to move on . int . bank / back corridor - next - day 28 . the investigator be about to open a door to let maggie into a room but first preface : investigator I want you to understand this be not something I be do because I have to . the notary public remember she , the teller remember . but you have be very polite and seem genuinely bewilder by this so ... he open the door to a room full of security camera monitor . int . kris 's house / live room - night kris stare at printout from the security footage : she at the teller window on separate day , alone . maggie and they brother Rich ( 40 ) sit far away , maggie and one more thing . dad 's coin be go . discuss : Rich , already in shock , take this hard . he can only laugh . rich I have a good idea where it go , maggie ! what be we intervene ? be this where we do the whole - because whatever she 's on ( to kris ) whatever you be on I will write a check right now for the precise amount it would take you to od . give I a number ! CUT to : ( continued ) 72 73 continued : revision 1 29 . maggie okay , that 's enough . CUT to : maggie I know of someone she can talk to . int . kris 's house / bathroom - next - night maggie stare at the wall . Beyond she kris remove she nightgown and wait to be inspect in she underwear . maggie turn to kris , see the wound , and instantly have to look away . she melt down in a horrify cry grimace . maggie baby krissy . int . commuter train - day jeff ( 35 ) find a seat in the front car , head for work he sit up . something be off . he look around . do he forget something ? he check he bag , he wallet . nothing . his head be draw toward the rear of the train . he suddenly get up and walk back with he belonging . he move into the next car back , check the passenger . nothing . he have a seat there . still not right . he get up again and move back a car , he hand trace along the seat . he do not know what he 's after . he enter the fourth car , see kris , think , sit across the aisle from she . her head rest on the window , headphone on , eye close . dress casual , she hair be short blonde now . he study she , then she bag , she hand , the floor think . she open she eye , aware of something but not sure what . she sit up , remove headphone , search the room , land on jeff. 74 75 76 revision 1 30 . ext . breakfast stand - next - day they finish coffee , exchange business card . she write she number on the back . awkward but full of promise . kris ... address be there . you ever need signage of any kind , just call or come down - jeff never in a million year would I ever need that . never . but I - this be you ? kris that 's I . jeff I 'il call . kris . I do not have any need for signage . I will not be call for signage . kris okay . Jeff . jeff okay . it be really good meeting you . they depart . ext . train station - day different day . Jeff wait for the train . it come . as it slow to a stop he scan each passenger car , look for someone . he get on , look around , exit . the train depart . he wait again . int . commuter train - next - day kris ride to work , she head in a catalog . something quietly draw she attention forward . she lift she eye , then head , scan outside . 77 78 revision 1 31 . ext . train station - next - day Jeff give up on another train as it depart . now it 's he turn to be draw . he look down the empty railway . CUT to : a new train be come to stop . he walk alongside , not even look in the window . he sense which car to enter . he board and find a seat across the aisle from kris who turn back to he even before he arrive . silence . Jeff catch he breath . kris be stoic . jeff I call you . she nod , not give anything away . jeff ( cont have ) this make I late for work - I can not do this everyday . you be four train after I . so you be go to have to answer . if I call - I be gonna call . again . int . bar - next - day they sit near the window . she 's digging through she purse , half -listen to ... jeff ... I pick up a mba in finance . that 's what the firm do . there 's a commercial side , other half 's personal wealth . kris where be it ? [ he job ] jeff you can actually see - see that high -rise ? palomar building ? c&l crowne . that 's we . kris why do you take the train ? the purse-digging have become distracting . he go quiet . ( continued ) 79 continued : revision 1 32. kris everyone on there 's homeless or have they license revoke or ... you know . jeff you want to see my driver 's license ? she finally retrieve a prescription pill bottle and put it on the table between they . after a moment , she explain : kris that 's a gift for we . he do not know what to do with that . kris there 's this path forward where I wait to tell you . then maybe you use it as a excuse , maybe you do not - I do not know . last year I be diagnose bipolar . I take that ... and this . and it 's fine . he stand a menu up to hide the bottle . he think . kris ( cont have ) so that 's here now . save we at least three to four week . jeff I 'il just get the check and we can get - she 's not amused at he deadpan . he smile . jeff ( cont have ) I be sorry . that be stupid . I do not know what to say to that . ext . sidewalk - next - day they walk leisurely . it 's still a date of some kind . jeff I 'il tell you ... before we pass that trashcan . i’1l have something . they walk in silence , near the trashcan . they pass it . it 's not as amusing as he think it be . finally ... ( continued ) continued : revision 1 33 . jeff ( cont have ) I be divorced . be that bad ? it be , right ? kris it 's not great . 80 ext . train station - next - day she 's about to step onto a escalator . they be wind down . jeff how 's that work ... in movie ? we meet - we say we will meet tomorrow at a place at noon . say the taco place at mockingbird . we say we 'il meet and then ... kris if we both show up we know we be good . jeff yeah , but how do it work ? I show up , you be not there , that mean you do not want ... to try - but how do that help I ? kris and I would not know if you show or - jeff yeah , no that 's what it be . that 's what it be . I get to feel okay because I know you do not know ... you do not know I show up so I do not feel foolish . I like that . kris I think ... Jeff ... I be go to save you some time . thank you for lunch but ... she move away , get on the escalator . he smirk , try to be amused at the insult . instead he get awkward and a bit angry : jeff yeah , I x11 save you some time . he start down the stair , walk alongside she . ( continued ) 80a 80 B 80c 81 continued : revision 1 34 . jeff ( cont have ) I 'il save you some time . I know what train you take . Red line . about 8:15 , yeah ? save I a seat . he head back , try to exit on he own term . int . sign store - day kris operate a large industrial printer . she wait for it to finish , get lose in the drine of the machine , she thought . ext . downtown / map relief sculpture - next - day she eat a sandwich on break , watch people . her hand rest behind she , linger over the outline of tiny model building , which be part of the sculpture . she stay ona particular one : match CUT : ext . C & L financial - day push in to the 30th floor of the high rise . int . C & L crowne financial / break room - day Jeff have he paperwork laid out on a table . people use the vending machine behind he . he wake from a daze and look across the office floor , he eye landing on a far away name plate that read " E. alderman " . this mean something to he . coincidentally , alderman step out and speak to he secretary before head away . Jeff watch he go . a intern pass Jeff , which remind he : jeff hey , this flp for the realty group , they 'il be do by Thursday , yeah ? Cause when we put this in front of they the first thing they 's 11 ask for be - intern 1 yeah , I 'il try . Jeff do not like that answer but be stay friendly : ( continued ) 82 83 84 continued : revision 1 35 . jeff can you maybe firm that up ? intern 1 I will really try . and that 's the best he 's go to get so he resign : jeff all right . ext . convenience store - night he play scratch off lottery ticket on a trash bin . no luck . he toss they . he 's about to leave when ... ... instead he head back inside ... jeff give I two more . Three pick daily . int . chain HOTEL / check - in - next - night Jeff walk past guest check in . he remove a folder from he bag , enter a back office , seemingly belong there . int . chain HOTEL / back office - next - night he and the hotel owner , raj ( 5as ) , be poring over financial . he dig into a bowl of m&m , separate out the blue one . jeff raj , we have client with ten time this revenue that do not have near tax liability you do . so we can have another talk about how screw up the code be or you can take the charge against and solve it . closer on the m&m , he hand stabbing into they . raj but the downtown hotel be profitable . jeff they all be . this be fiscal , just the quarter . you want to be right ? or rich ? ( continued ) 84a 85 86 87 continued : revision 1 36 . closer still on the m&m . he stab again . match CUT : int . indoor pool - night a hand pick up stray concrete bit off the bottom of the pool . kris be swim , hover , scan , search the piece . alone , quiet , small in the frame . int . chain HOTEL / check - in - next - night a clerk be check Jeff in . it 's informal . clerk be more interested in a coworker 's story ... jeff can i. jim. Jimmy . be there a window room ? clerk they all have window . jeff I mean not face the alley . raj pass by , give Jeff a goodbye pat on the shoulder . int . chain HOTEL / snack stand - next - night the place be dark and close for the night . Jeff sneak behind the counter and snatch a BOX of straw . int . chain HOTEL / jeff 's room - next - night he open the door , enter , unpack . CUT to : he dump the straw in a pile on the desk and begin work . we view be from behind he so we can not see what he 's do . match CUT : 88 89 revision 1 37 . int . wesley 's farmhouse / music room - day wesley listen to a symphonic score on headphone . the room contain micu , synth , etc . he shake he head , aggravate : wesley incredible . what be you do ? what be you do ? goddamn it , what be you do ? int . wesley 's farmhouse / live room - day he study sheet music . now a stereo blare the score . wesley I mean what be this ? I do not ever want - he shut the music off . wesley this eight , nine note be poison . the refrain . I can not hear it again . anathema . we realize he 's speak with someone on speakerphone : speakerphone do not know what to say . to my ear there - wesley okay , look . I be go to clean this up , send a new version in the morning . for now , please , for my own sanity , take a giant black marker and redact bar ...9-13...22-26...no 28...35 - 37 . he rifle through sheet music , circle the appropriate bar . speakerphone done . i’1l toss the lot . what it 's worth I think it 's fine , but do what you need to . wesley be already move away , ready to hang up . 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 revision 1 38 . ext . pigpen - next - day he purposefully step to the gate , wait . he scan the vary cluster of pig intently . CUT to : he slowly walk through the pen , look from pig to pig . he pass one and lower he hand like he 's feel a breeze . ext . office cubicle - intercut - day a deskworker sit at he desk alone , type , read , etc . wesley 's hand pass by as if he 's walk along the cubicle . ext . pigpen - intercut - day wesley move on to the next pig , stand next to it . ext . sedan - intercut - day a commuter drive in thick traffic , alone in he car . ext . pigpen - intercut - day wesley crouch next to the pig , study its face and eye . ext . sedan - intercut - day now wesley be in the passenger seat , watch the commuter . ext . restaurant - intercut - day a woman eat lunch at a table alone , watch people . new angle : wesley sit across from she . she do not notice . he get up to leave , unsatisfy . she continue , unaware . 97 98 99 100 revision 1 39 . ext . pigpen - intercut - day wesley stand from a seat position and crouch near another pig , pull its collar to inspect its face . ext . storefront - intercut - day he stand on the sidewalk . a shopper turn to face a window near he , move she head just like the pig do when pull . he " release " she and she move down the sidewalk . he turn . ext . pigpen - intercut - day he turn . something be draw he in . he step away . red light flash against he face as he approach a pig . ext . suburban STREET - intercut - day a husband worriedly watch emt push he wife on a gurney into a ambulance , light flashing . he 's in shock . a plastic shopping bag hang from he finger . among the onlooker behind he , wesley arrive . a emt interview a neighbor woman : neighbor I have see she earlier from my kitchen - she be weed she garden and when I look back she 's lie on the ground and I know something be wrong . I run to the fence and keep yell " Jill ! Jill ! " but she just would not ... you know ... emt talk to husband : emt - take any kind of medication ? she have a health condition of any kind ? husband no . I mean , asthma . but just asthma . neighbor gently take the plastic bag from husband : ( continued ) 101 102 103 104 continued : revision 1 40. neighbor let I take that . you ’11l go with they . int . ambulance - intercut - day the ambulance speed down the road . husband watch the emt work on wife . wesley sit far in back , watch it all . ext . pigpen - intercut - day wesley have bring out he lawn chair , he notebook , and a small synth pad . he sit next to the pig , compose . int . hospital waiting area - intercut - day husband sit , wide - eye , worried , stare , think . wesley sit behind he on the opposite side of the row of chair , back to back , keep close . he begin to hear faint voice . he lean near husband 's head and the volume increase : wife ( off screen ) I want to say that I hope today be better and that I love you . closer still and he can see husband 's thought : int . suburban house - intercut - day husband be try to leave , he hand on the doorknob . wife plead with he . they clothes tell we it 's earlier today . wife and I make a list of the thing I want to try harder at . I love you . husband goddamn it , jillian . that do not fix anything . just word . I gotta go . he open the door and walk out . CUT to : in the de , husband unscrew a light fixture , check the bulb . ( continued ) continued : revision 1 41 . husband ( cont have ) shit . he walk to the front door . wife be in the kitchen . husband ( cont have ) yeah , they be halogen . I get to run up and get a pack . wife wait a second . he pause as she approach , something on she mind : husband oh , now you want to talk ... I be head out the door ? wife I just want to say that I hope today be better and that I do love you . we be back where we start . except slightly different : husband damn it , Jill . this be worthless . do not fix anything . i’1l be back . he open the door . step out . CUT to : 10 second ago : he 's at the door . she walk to he . husband ( cont have ) leave I alone , jillian . not now . wife I want this to be a good day . I love you . he open the door . it repeat again : wife ( cont have ) I think you be right about a lot of thing and I hope today be peaceful - husband it 's just word . do not fix anything . he relive variation of this dialogue over and over . 105 106 107 108 109 110 revision 1 42 . int . hospital waiting area - intercut - day husband be still piece it together . then one more ... ext . suburban house - intercut - day he walk out again . this time it play out longer : he get half way to the car , scan the front lawn . he turn back to see she wait in the doorway . husband I 'il get some washer for that sprinkler head . all right ? she nod . he walk away . int . hospital room - intercut - day a nurse hold the door open , let husband into the room . there be no urgency . wife be still . a intebation tube have be remove . husband stay at the foot of the bed . against the wall wesley be near tear , connect emotionally . ext . pigpen - intercut - day he 's pick out note on the synth . chord structure loop and grow , heighten to a crescendo . then he stop it all except for one SMALL repeating note . int . suburban house - intercut - day husband have arrive back at he home . he sit upright on the couch alone , stare , in shock . the note stop . ext . pigpen - intercut - day wesley lean over in he chair , drain . finish . 111 112 revision 1 43. int . sign store - day Jeff walk in , scan the counter . kris be not there . back room she 's on a break talk to a coworker . we can see Jeff way up front . her head suddenly lift a bit . without look she know he 's near . it 's a pleasant think . she dwell on it ... kris I need to go up front . int . commuter train - night kris and Jeff sit at the rear of car , watch a woman knit : jeff she 's a... former Senator . Nobel winner . but she category be mitten . and she just never find a way to monetize it so she take the train . continue she research . they play a game , guess what 's wrong with people . a man : kris he 's divorced . Cause she cheat . she check Jeff 's response . it 's a subtle : no . kris or he do . he cheat . no. kris ( cont have ) he have this anger issue , could not cope . hmmm . interesting but no . kris ( cont have ) alcoholic . wow , close . kris ( cont have ) no , but a substance of some kind . a illegal kind . he admit it with silence . revision 1 44 . 113 ext . train station - next - night they walk away from the station into the night . kris I would think there be some marriage that could survive that . maybe . jeff maybe . but ... kris not yours . jeff not ours . from she perspective everything flip just like that . the guy she think she marry turn out to be somebody else , a junkie basically . the savings she think we be building , the plan , reset to zero . light turn on . I be on a bender hole up ina hotel in reno . beat kris you do a program or something ? jeff at acs . see ? Problem , solution . done and do . and you think you be not into I . 114 ext . kris 's rundown apartment - next - night she 's try to say goodnight . he 's not . they hover close . kris I have to open the store . jeff not that early . I bet ... kris no , I be lucky to have that job . jeff the sign store job . you be lucky ? ( continued ) 115 116 117 118 continued : revision 1 45 . kris it 's not my fault when it go wrong . jeff yes it be . int . kris 's rundown apartment / kitchen - next - night they kiss , get aggressive . bedroom they be asleep in she bed . on Jeff 's leave and kris 's right ankle we see matching scar : a circle with a odd " + " in the middle . we crane above kris and Jeff until we see they be now not on the bed at all but instead on a bed sheet laid on the ... ext . pigpen - morning ... ground . they stay asleep , surround by pig . pan over to see wesley push a wheelbarrow to the pen . he pour several bag of feed into the trough . as the pig jockey for position , he toss in some brown bananas , etc . the pig feast greedily . int . kris 's rundown apartment / kitchen - morning scrambled egg sizzle in a pan . they make breakfast . Jeff butter toast , get jam from the fridge . kris 's eye follow he back and forth . when he get close she lunge at he for a brief kiss , almost desperate . then nervous . int . chain HOTEL / jeff 's room - night they enter the room . Jeff show she around . kris ( off screen ) why do you live in hotel ? ( continued ) 119 continued : revision 1 46. jeff ( off screen ) I do the book for a group that own a few of they so ... it 's sort of a perk . she 's sit on the bed , she jacket still on , not comfortable . he read a room service menu . kris right but why do you choose to ? jeff be you hungry ? you get to be . int . chain HOTEL / restaurant kitchen - next - night he lead she by the hand to the back entrance to the kitchen . CUT to : the place be empty . they eat burger they make themselves . kris they always remind I of family vacation . I think it 's the smell , the chlorine or bleach on the sheet . glass in plastic . jeff there be this place in vermont we would go when we be kid . it be some sort of colonial historical site - museum and you know ... but what stand out be the hotel we would stay at have a indoor pool and this be just the biggest deal in the world for we , for my brother . I mean indoor ... and you can swim . we would lose it . she look at he , almost troubled , scrutinize . jeff ( cont have ) what ? what be you think ? she wave it off . nothing . 120 121 122 revision 1 47 . ext . wesley 's farmhouse - day wesley be bring in groceries from the car . he see something in the pen that cause he to halt for a second . he watch before move on . ext . pigpen - next - day he approach with a bag of peanut , eat a few . he stop at the fence , watch ... in a corner of the pen two pig , k and J have isolate themselves from the other . k lie down and J look like he 's stand guard . wesley move to they while stay outside the fence . he throw a couple peanut on the ground . J gobbles they up . wesley throw some more , this time closer to the rest of the pig . J move in that direction but will not go past a certain point . other pig finally come for the peanut . J give they a low grunt , ward they off . wesley 's not happy with this . wesley no ! no ! he throw the whole bag , try to coax J away from K. wesley ( cont have ) go. go! get! int . chain HOTEL / jeff 's room - morning Jeff 's cell phone buzy on the desk , a message . from the bed kris notice and look to the bathroom where Jeff be shower . CUT to : out and dress now , he 's put on a tie . kris you have a message . jeff oh , thank you . he check it . she wait . he go back to get ready . ( continued ) 123 124 125 continued : revision 1 48. kris be you go ? for a second he pretend to not understand , but : kris to the banquet . jeff oh , you know . it 'il be like work . it 's people from work . for three hour . feel like ... work . he see she be hope for a different answer ... jeff ( cont have ) I think we could go though . if you want . she try to hide how happy this make she . jeff ( cont have ) do you want to ? yes , more than anything but she can only nod and smile . int . taxi - dusk kris , dressed for the party , enjoy the ride downtown . int . cerulean plaza HOTEL / lobby - next - dusk Jeff wait for she , keep a eye on the front . a coworker approach , introduce he date , head inside . Jeff stay , wait , think , worried . ext . cerulean plaza HOTEL - next - dusk the taxi arrive . Jeff open the door for kris and pay . she take in the hotel , ready to walk in ... ... but he need to talk , point away from the hotel and ... ... lead she by the hand across the street , dodging traffic ... revision 1 49 . 126 int . coffee shop - next - dusk they be at a small table . kris wait for he to speak as he nervously remove the paper wrappers from straw . jeff I ... I like you so much . kris shit . you kid I ? I buy a dress - he hold up a hand to keep she calm . she 's get the wrong idea . jeff I have be very careful not to ... lie . but through omission you may have get the wrong - I give you a different impression than be ... real . and if we walk into that hotel you be gonna know . kris look to the door like she might bolt . she do not . kris okay ... jeff I be not a advisor . I do not broker . I do ... interdepartmental report . kris that still sound impressive - jeff it 's not . I work with intern . alongside intern . Craig pay I in cash to keep I off they book cause if there be a audit I ’ma liability . kris almost smile , relieved , but still wonder ... kris I do not ... what do that last part mean - jeff I steal money , kris . from a client . shift it from account to account until I could grab it . ( continued ) 127 128 continued : revision 1 kris because of ... reno ? jeff lose my broker 's license . and they cover for I but if I be anybody else , do not have a relationship with Craig or he brother I have be in prison . I be lucky to have that job . kris license . 50 . she stare at he hand . he have make a chain with the straw wrapper like she make with Evan . but she do not remember . kris that be smart ... wait to tell I . Cause what be I gonna do now ? jeff I be sorry . kris I think you might be use that wrong . int . chain HOTEL / jeff 's room - dawn Jeff sleep . kris pour a cup of room service coffee . CUT to : she sit near he foot , drink , look at he ankle , the worm scar . she 's not alarmed . she 's see it before . a finger over she own , graze he . he stir . jeff Morning . she stay on he ankle , in a daze .... kris , I might be pregnant . int . wesley 's farmhouse - night she run wesley hold headphone to one ear and a cellphone to the other , discuss the symphony with someone : ( continued ) 129 continued : revision 1 51. wesley they be not follow the composition , they be follow what they play last season or a year before ... right they be professional so they should be able to read the page without bring they own - yes , I know . tomorrow then . good night . he hang up , continue playback , but then stop it , listen : loud pig grunt erupt from outside . wood breaking . he step to the window , flip on the light over the pen . he scan with binocular . ext . pigpen - day he carry a few 8 - foot length of wood to the fence . he inspect the damage : cracked fence post and board . he look into the pen : k and J still isolate from the rest . he start repair , pull off the damage wood . CUT to : wesley walk with a vet into the pen toward k and J. wesley ... will not let anyone near they . they crowd back in the corner . violent ... vet if I have to guess ... here get he , hold he back ... if I have to guess ... CUT to : vet be feel k 's belly . wesley hold J back with rope . vet ( cont have ) yeah , she have a litter on the way . they can get very protective . might explain . but you have have litter here ? surely . ( continued ) continued : revision 1 52 . wesley yeah , just never have they break my damn fence . never see the parent behave so ... vet be scan the pen , seem to have a question . wesley ( cont have ) no , I do not keep they around . wesley want this conversation over , start head back . vet well , I be go to say if you ever - wesley there 's a fellow down the way busy they off I . vet I see . if you do need another buyer I know a petting farm always need piglet ... wesley oh , sure , sure . thank you so much . 130 int . doctor 's office / examination room - day kris sit in a gown across from a female obgyn . obgyn first off . you ... be not pregnant . kris no , I take a test . I be . obgyn well , you can not always trust that . and the hcg in you blood tell we that you be not . so that 's more definitive . kris be not buy this . pompous doctor ... kris , uh-huh . okay . obgyn now I want to make sure we have correct record . you do not list it ( more ) ( continued ) 131 continued : revision 1 53. obgyn ( cont have ) in you questionnaire , but have you have any surgical procedure on you pelvic area ? kris no . I would have put that down . obgyn maybe a cyst be remove ? biopsy ? kris shake she head no . why be she ask ? obgyn okay . obgyn exit politely , leave kris with question . she can hear obgyn in the hall tell a nurse : obgyn ( off screen ) let 's get she a pelvic ct and white cell count . put ...sonogram inconclusive . int . cat scan monitor room - night obgyn consult with a colleague in front of monitor show ct scan . they point to a dark void on the screen : colleague I have say post cancer . this be where they remove the tumor , this cavity . obgyn mm-hmm . she say no . colleague no what ? someone be in there . trauma here ... and here . obgyn mm-hmm . how be you suppose to help someone like that ? 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 revision 1 54 . int . operating room - day kris be on the table , unconscious , wear a anesthesia mask . obgyn make a incision on she abdomen . int . waiting area - intercut - day Jeff pace . he stop , alert to something beyond a far wall . int . operating room - intercut - day a laparascope be feed into the cut . a nearby monitor show live video of the probe 's progress . int . waiting area - intercut - day seat now , he 's have a bad reaction , breathe heavily . ext . STREET - next - day he hurry across the street to a ... int . bar - next - day two empty shot glass sit before he . he downs a third and order a fourth . it 's settling he . obgyn ( off screen ) by all appearance , and this be Doctor pear 's opinion as well , you be a survivor of stage three endometrial cancer . int . hospital room - dusk kris recover in bed . obgyn sit across from she : obgyn the good news be there 's no sign of any remain carcinoma . lab show you be in no immediate danger . but the trauma it leave behind be significant . ( continued ) 139 140 141 continued : revision 1 55 . CUT to : alone , kris change out of the gown into clothes . obgyn ( off screen ) well , I be say two thing . it be highly unlikely give the state of the organ that you could ever become pregnant and ... int . hospital corridor - next - dusk kris wander to the exit , trancelike , despondent . obgyn ( off screen ) ... if by some miracle you be to conceive , the faculty be too damage to carry a baby to term . int . taxi - next - dusk Jeff ride , scan . he see kris walk , tell cabbie : jeff here , here , pull over . ext . train station - continuous - dusk she turn a corner to start up the stair to the platform . Jeff come after she , desperate : jeff krissy ! krissy ! he run up . she fall into he , break down . jeff ( cont have ) why have you go ? I look for you . kris . I be break . something happen to I ... jeff I know . I do not care . I do not care . kris no , you do not know . I pretend to show you how bad it be that it could not be worse but it 's so much ( more ) ( continued ) 142 continued : revision 1 56 . kris ( cont have ) worse . I can not see my niece and nephew . I start off with promise and could do thing and accomplish but it be all a trick - jeff why can not you see they ? why ? kris I be not allow , Jeff ! i. flip . over . my whole beginning be a fake out . this be who I have always be . how be you not see that ? jeff I do not see it ! I do not see it . I need to marry you . I be marrying you . I want a house and - I be marry to you . right now . there 's only we . kris I be break . jeff I do not care . I do not care . you be the only one who know I . I be go to be so much better for you . I be go to get a ring , we be go to get all the thing we be suppose to . and we be go to - kris can we get a car ? he smile . right now he have do anything . kris today ? ext . rural road near refinery - night Jeff and kris sit in a beat - up tercel with " for sale " paint on the window . it 's stop at a fork in the road near the 4 stripe tower where wesley leave kris . revision 1 57 . 143 int . tercel - continuous - night Jeff look around , try to form a answer to : kris do you know this place ? jeff I want to say yes for you . I want to . kris it 's okay . let I ... if you have to pick a direction , one of this road here ... be there one you feel more ... draw to ? jeff do you ? she want he answer first . he look again , really try . he check she face for clue and subtly gesture to the leave . this make she happy . he must have guess correctly . the car take off down the leave road . CUT to : they pull into the next fork in the road : kris which way do you think ? I say right . jeff I say ... right . she look at he . he look back : what ? kris do not just say what I say and do not let my vote affect yours . jeff okay . what about you ? you can not let - kris - and I will not let yours affect mine . he smirk , not see how that 's go to work . ( continued ) 144 continued : revision 1 58. CUT to : they pull into the next fork . they write down they choice on index card and compare : " leave " and " leave " . they go leave . CUT to : next fork . index card : " right " and " right " . it 's work . CUT to : kris 's expectation be dash . the card : " right " and " leave " . she get out , look for clue on the horizon . from the car : jeff maybe you feel stronger than I . so we should just ... int . C & L crowne financial / library - day Jeff sit at a computer , browsing craigslist for house . on screen be a ad with picture of a suburban house . he flick the mouse and 12 ads fan out . the icon travel over they until another be select . on the next page we see the text : " 2221 Point merit " and " call Danny " . Jeff search " 2221 point merit danny " , click on a link . a page of home owner record come up . next to " 2221 Point merit " we see the name " Daniel goudelin " . he search " danny goudelin " , find a article on a local restaurant with a picture of a man stand proudly in front of " goudelin 's eatery " . the caption below read : " owner / proprietor Danny goudelin " . Jeff think , begin mutter to himself . we barely hear : jeff I have a fail business . I have a business collapse . well , thanks . it be a restaurant . um , there be a zone issue . 145 146 147 revision 1 59 . int . 2221 point merit - day Jeff talk quietly with danny who be show the empty house . jeff ... thing be my personal credit be mix up with my business which fail last year . it be leverage pretty heavily and now there 's no way to separate my social from the restaurant 's tax id . so I think if you be open to it we could - danny I actually run a restaurant myself . jeff you be kid . then you know what I be talk about . danny oh , sure . let 's do this though . we can run you wife 's credit , do it in she name . kris inspect the kitchen , faucet , light , the tile floor . jeff ( off screen ) same situation . but if you be willing I can pay cash for three month in advance plus last month of the lease ... ext . pigpen - day newborn piglet nurse from k . J stand nearby . the weather be clear here , but far off on the horizon be a dark cloud front . wesley watch from afar . ext . sign store / alleyway - day kris take out the trash . it 's raining . a coworker pass she : coworker take you lunch yet ? ( continued ) 148 149 150 151 continued : revision 1 60. kris go ahead . i’1l go when you be back . coworker you be a true friend , krissy . kris almost the only friend of human progress . note to reader : yeah , that 's weird . we ’1ll get to it later . int . C & L crowne financial / conference room - day Jeff lay out report at each seat around a empty conference table . intern 1 and 2 should be help but talk instead . int . livestock build - intercut - day wesley pull a pole collar off the wall . ext . pigpen - next - day the collar go around J 's head and cinch tight . J grunt and squeal as wesley pull he to a remote pen . int . C & L crowne financial - intercut - day Jeff carry a BOX of report down a aisle . the intern follow . Jeff be agitate , suspicious of they . he turn : jeff what be you do ? intern 1 we be not ... what do you mean ? he stare at they , sure they be up to something . angry . jeff you guy be unbelievable . intern 1 Jeff , we be really not ... Jeff turn , resume walk . they drop back . he stop . suddenly he throw the box to the ground and charge back . ( continued ) 152 153 continued : revision 1 61. jeff what be you do ?! they be stunne , speechless . jeff ( cont have ) what be you looking at ?! he grab intern 1 , trip he , throw he on he back , get in he face , menace . intern 2 move to fend he off so Jeff swipe at he , miss . Jeff try to stand on intern 1 's throat , hope to grab a piece of intern 2 . he get he shirtsleeve and some hair . jeff ( cont have ) where be you go ?! huh ?! thing come to a awkward pause . no one know what to do . Jeff release they both and stagger away , get scared now . he head for the elevator , loosen he collar and tie . ext . pigpen - intercut - day wesley close the gate on J who ram the post angrily . int . C & L crowne financial - intercut - day Jeff be in the elevator . the door be close when he block they with he arm , hold they open , not ready to let go . he 's get work up , think . angrier . he exit , storming down the row of office to ... alderman 's office at he desk alderman hang up the phone . Jeff stand just inside the doorway . the office be abuzz behind he . jeff this will not work anymore . you be out . alderman what 's go on here , Jeff ? ( continued ) 154 155 continued : revision 1 62. jeff I just talk to Craig . thing be go back the way they be and I be in here now . you need to pack and leave . come on . alderman stand , want to reason with he . alderman Jeff ... Jeff violently strike he palm together , posture : jeff come on ! alderman calmly move to the door , pass he . alderman Jeff , whatever you think be go on , people here be not against you . we always - in a flash , Jeff grab he and slam he into a cabinet . jeff I do not say talk to I ! leave ! ext . sign store / alleyway - intercut - day the door bang open and out come kris , frantically dial she phone . she hurry down the alley . the call will not work she crouch next to a dumpster to concentrate on the phone , shield it from the rain . it fail again . kris goddamn it ! piece of shit ! she punch a discard plate glass , shatter it . ext . pigpen - intercut - day wesley loop the collar around k and fasten the pole to the nearest fence post . she fight it . she kick and squeal furiously as wesley pull each piglet from she teat and place they in a sack . 156 157 158 159 revision 1 63. int . C & L crowne financial - intercut - day Jeff survey he reclaim office , not sure what he 's win . in he confusion something nag at he ... he pull he phone from he pocket , hold it out like he 's wait for it to do something . nothing . he place it down on the desk and focus on it : jeff Ring . Ring . he snap out of it as a police radio squawks far off . he bolt towards the stair . int . C & L crowne financial / parking garage - next - day Jeff exit the stairway and hurry to he car . int . tercel - next - day he drive through downtown . his phone ring . he 's ready : jeff where be you ? int . concrete corridor - continuous - day kris I do not know . I need you to help I . panick , she look down both end of a blank corridor with intersect hall . her hand be now wrapped in bloody cloth . intercut he pull over . thinks . then , like he 's read a map : jeff go down . kris , which way ? jeff straight . past the chair . then leave . ( continued ) 160 continued : revision 1 64. he resume drive , make a u-turn . she move down the hall , pass a row of chair , turn leave . jeff ( cont have ) 101b on the right . Brown door . she open it , but ... kris no , it 's just a room . jeff you be cut through it . go on . she move to a door on the other side of the room , which lead to another hall and finally a exit outdoors . she open it : the tercel come screeching to halt in front of she . jeff ( cont have ) let 's go ! they drive away from what we now see be he office building . jeff ( cont have ) why be you at my office ?! she look back at the building : kris , I do not know it be . jeff where be we go ? Home ? Home !? kris , Home . ext . kris & jeff 's house - next - day the tercel pop the curb , careen into the driveway . they rush through the front door , slamm it behind they . we hear they frantically rummage for thing they need . 161 162 163 164 revision 1 65 . int . kris & jeff 's house - continuous - day they rush from the kitchen to the garage to a hall closet . we be always too late to see exactly what they be do : jeff no , no , I have get it , I have get it . get that ! come on ! they end up in the bathroom . the door slam . then silence . bathroom jug of water be stashed on the floor next to a loaf of bread and some fruit . kris 's handgun lie on a towel at the ready as well as a axe . Furniture barricade the door . kris and Jeff nest in the tub , now line with blanket . they watch the door fearfully , hold each other , wait . ext . creek bridge - intercut - day wesley 's truck pull to the middle of the bridge , 30 foot above the water . he grab the sack from the truck bed and toss it over ... ... where it plunge underwater . the piglet squirm violently in the sack as it rise to the surface , float downstream . ext . creek - next - day further downstream the sack float over tiny fall then calm water until it get snag on a tree branch . it rest there on the water . lifeless . int . kris & jeff 's house - night all be quiet and dark . the bathroom door open . they exit . CUT to : kris weep inconsolably on the couch . Jeff sit , seethe . he get up , grab the axe . 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 revision 1 66 . ext . kris & jeffus house / back yard - dawn Jeff chop down a medium -size tree . after a few final whack , he push it over , wearily watch it fall . Beyond he we see the previous 4 tree he have CUT down . ext . creek - dawn the branch be tear a hole in the sack as it jostle . eventually , the piglet carcass float out and downstream . ext . creek / rocky bank - day carcass # 1 get catch up in a small bank of rock . ext . creek / drainage ditch - day carcass # 2 get stick in eddyy , rest against a large drain . int . kris & jeffus house / bathroom - dusk water swirl down the bathtub drain . kris place a stopper over it . she 's draw a bath . CUT to : immerse in the now - full tub , she stare off , miserable . ext . creek / rocky bank - intercut - dusk carcass # 1 , waterlogged , sink below the surface until it come to rest on the creek bed surround by rock . int . kris & jeffus house / bathroom - intercut - dusk kris sink underwater , almost unaware that she 's do it . her eye stay transfix at some point mile away . 172 173 174 revision 1 67 . ext . creek / drainage ditch - intercut - dusk carcass # 2 also sink , also rest at the bottom . int . kris & jeffus house / bathroom - intercut - dusk kris lie completely still , stare underwater . second go by . suddenly , she emerge , remember to breathe , gasping . int . kris & jeffus house / live room - night kris be curl up on the floor , not watch the tv that light she . despondent . Jeff watch she from the next room : jeff we should go on a trip . get somewhere . CUT to : he 's lie next to she on the floor now . they whisper : kris where would we go ? jeff somewhere ... bright . kris maybe to vermont . to that place you know . jeff yeah , maybe . kris how do you get there ? he 's confuse and suspect she 's toy with he . kris how do you get to the place you family use to go ? in vermont . the vacation . now he 's sure of it : ( continued ) continued : revision 1 68 . jeff you drive , kris . kris what road ? jeff I have have to get a map . kris you do not remember ? jeff some ... country road . I be six . she pause , give he every chance before she unload : kris I be six . you go through three cover bridge make of red-paint wood and after the second one we stop for sample at the old taffy factory and that 's how you know you be halfway there . jeff I do not ... I do not know . I be a kid . kris I be a kid . it be I . you take it . jeff I do not know what - do not prove anything . kris it prove you may be in my head , but you be still too stupid to understand I . or anything . CUT to : they be stand now . he 's walk away . louder . jeff and what about the trampoline ... and Mick ? kris that 's you . that 's yours . ( continued ) continued : revision 1 69 . jeff oh , thank you . and renny ? renny . almost drown I ? then lie to he mom about it ? kris me. that 's mine . that happen to I . jeff kris ... Mick and renny be best friend ! explain that ! how would I know one and - kris they be not friend . they never meet . you push they together . he get quiet , shake he head : this be idiotic . kris where would you get ... cocaine ? jeff I be sorry , where would I what ?! kris if you want it . I know you do not because you be recover . but if you do ... where would you ? jeff you be a prize , kris . a real treasure . kris should not be that hard . you be a addict . have a huge addiction . blew you savings , you marriage . ruine you life . some story about run off to reno to hit bottom . you must crave it all the time . where would you get it ? or be it possible that you do not know the first thing about - jeff there 's guy at acs . they come to group . but they be not do . they do not engage . everybody know . they still sell . so ... ( continued ) continued : revision 1 70 . kris so you have get it from they ? jeff yeah . kris so the best place you can think of to get a fix for you be horrible addiction be the same place you start go to get over the suppose addiction ? jeff I do not think I like that word ' suppose 's . he walk away again , search drawer as he go . kris yeah , you get bigger problem than vocabulary . how do you use ? you snort it ? how much ? inject it ? with what exactly ? use one of that spoon ? you have a kit ? where do you get it ? and do not say the goddamn meeting ! he 's find a folder he be look for . he lay it out for she , show receipt one by one : she look jeff Seven wonder Hotel and casino , reno , nevada . eight night . Boat rental , Lake tahoe . guess I feel nautical , do not remember . Buffet for one , Cairo Lounge . rental car . splurge for the suv . here , you want some stationary . a pen ? they over , she premise dissolve . jeff ( cont have ) I use to buy from a guy call Henry lincoln , Craig 's brother - in - law . he always have it , be around enough . pretty easy . this be the most fun I have have ina while . 175 176 177 revision 1 71 . ext . creek / rocky bank - day carcass # 1 have decaye . only a SMALL hoof be recognizable in the mass of rotting flesh . embedded in what be once the abdomen be a golf ball - size spore . ext . creek / drainage ditch - day another spore lie near carcass # 2 . suddenly , it shoot out a turquoise powder in all direction . the powder cloud the water as it rise to the surface . it clump on the water , accumulate against the grassy bank . grow on the bank be a patch of 30 white orchid . ext . wood - dawn elise ( 70 ) and she granddaughter Phoebe ( 15 ) search among the tree for something , wear backpack and SMALL garden tool . phoebe Gram . Gram , what about this ? she 's find a patch of wild yellow flowers . elise crouch next to she , inspect : elise oh , yes . this be lovely . phoebe should I take some ? elise be look elsewhere , not able to hide she disinterest . elise certainly . put they in with yours . i’1l go ahead to the bankside . Phoebe smile , appreciate the false politeness . they depart . 178 179 revision 1 72. ext . creek / drainage ditch - next - dawn they look down the embankment to a patch of white orchid . elise smile , have find it : elise do you see ? in the middle ? she walk down , follow by Phoebe . CUT to : they kneel , digging up several turquoise orchid that grow amidst the white one and pack they in soil and burlap . ext . cabin / front porch - dusk Phoebe play a game on she phone , stop when elise sit down next to she to enjoy the air . elise do not stop for I . do you worry you x11 miss a call ? phoebe you mean ... because I be play a game ? Phoebe find she ignorance sweet but do not let on : phoebe no , I be not worried . elise do you write today ? phoebe I open it . but ... nothing really happen today . elise of course it do . we scout . have a great breakfast . saw mayfly - a storm of they . Phoebe smile , not really inspire , but ... 180 181 182 revision 1 73. int . cabin / dine room - next - dusk Phoebe sit at the table in front of a open journal . the page be blank . she flip a pencil over and over . Beyond she elise prepare dinner in the kitchen . int . cabin - day Phoebe be work on a elaborate floral arrangement . ribbons , soil , many different kind of plant and flowers lay on the table in front of she . she reference a hand - drawn plan , a sketch , and a photograph of a arrangement take year ago . she unwrap two turquoise orchid from burlap , cut the stem . CUT to : she take a picture of the finished arrangement with a phone . CUT to : she disassemble the arrangement . each flower be pack in wet newspaper , roll in clear film , and place ina separate BOX . then the box go in a red cooler . Phoebe stop , see : a inchworm be on a orchid , chew into the blue pigment . she check the soil still in the burlap : several worm . int . greenhouse - next - day she hold one out for elise to see . she 's not surprised : elise I see . and they be all like that ? phoebe I have only open two and they be infest . elise spray they down . salvage the best ... three . she find a bottle of homemade bug spray for Phoebe . ( continued ) 183 184 continued : revision 1 74. phoebe throw the rest out ? elise no. ext . plant nursery - day the leftover turquoise orchid , now in plastic pot , be mix among other wildflower on one of 4 palettes in the back of elise 's station wagon . each pot have a '' E + p exotics '' sticker . Phoebe and a nursery employee unload they , stack the palettes at the rear of the building . elise wait in the passenger seat , the red cooler behind she . CUT to : finish , Phoebe get into the driver 's seat . elise receipt ? phoebe they do not give I one . elise you x11 always have to ask . ext . highway - next - day Phoebe drive . elise have nodd off against the window . CUT to : elise why not ... if the other girl like he ? phoebe so I should go along with whatever random girl say ? elise no , I be ask why . the boy do not matter . you will have to pare down a wide selection to get one that do . I be ask for the reason . Phoebe shake she head , unsure . ( continued ) 185 186 187 continued : revision 1 75 . elise be he ugly ? be he a ugly boy , dear ? this crack Phoebe up . crazy grandma . phoebe he 's not pretty . elise then write that down . phoebe I can not . I leave it . I be sorry . ext . gas station - next - day Phoebe pour more bag of ice into the cooler , let water drain from its spout . Gas be pump . elise return to the car from the store with a shopping bag . she drop it on the front seat : a new journal and pens . ext . cerulean plaza HOTEL - dusk they wait as a porter transfer they luggage and the red cooler to a roller . he follow they inside . int . kris & jeff 's house - day the refrigerator be dripping water onto the tile floor . kris crouch down , inspect . the water pool , slowly spread throughout the channel of grout in the tile . she move to the outer edge of the spread where a single stream be creep towards a 4 - way split . she 's captivate by it , which say more about she mood than anything . she set down a half - finished glass of wine on the floor wait . the water finally meet the junction and do what we expect , follow each of the 3 new channel . she study they . 188 189 revision 1 76 . int . cerulean plaza HOTEL / guest room - night Phoebe refill two glass from a wine BOX . she turn to elise who have try on a new dress , wait for a critique . phoebe Love it . very you . perfect . I have a pair of hose for you instead of that sock . elise no . I like sock . balcony they enjoy the air , the wine , city sound . Phoebe have the new journal open on she lap , pen in hand . phoebe Gram , I do not think you could explain any of this thing either . like , you quit smoking and my mom can not . why ? I mean why , uh , why have you pick that car when all you do be complain about the color ? why have you marry grandpa ? why anything . that last one resonate with elise . phoebe it 's impossible to know for most thing . elise no , not impossible . but it will be , look back . that 's why you keep a record . int . kris & jeff 's house - day kris be tipsy now . she 's balance herself like a tightrope walker , arm out at she side , wine glass in one hand . elise ( off screen ) if not you 'il say oh I must have be think this or that or maybe I be just that kind of person . it 'il be a blank white page and you 'il mark it up with best guess . and after that ... she move from one floor tile to the next in the row , one foot per tile , keep straight . then another and another . ( continued ) 190 191 continued : revision 1 77. elise ( off screen ) ( cont have ) ... after that happen I do not know if you can ever change it . the word become you . on the next step she foot hover over the tile , not ready to land . slowly it move over to a adjacent tile on the right . again it hover there like she 's not sure if it will support she . she touch down and slowly rest more weight on it , then move the other foot over . a tiny change have occur . int . h & R block - day wearing a employee shirt , Jeff help a couple with tax . int . kris & jeff 's house - night Jeff arrive home , drop he bag , walk to the kitchen , see : kris wait for he , she hair change back to dark brown . she wear she former office clothes . he 's surprised , suspicious . jeff goodness . kris you like it ? the color ? jeff yeah , it 's ... beautiful . goodness . what be you wear ? kris this be how I dress . jeff no , it be not . she sit he down with something to say : kris I be not sick . my mind be healthy . there be no imbalance chemically . jeff Dr. weitz say that ? kris no . I have not see he in five month . ( continued ) continued : revision 1 78 . jeff who then ? you see a new - who tell you that ? she stare at he until he get it . jeff ( cont have ) you stop take you med ? she do not say no . she 's stay calm , know he will not . jeff ( cont have ) how long ? kris eight month . eight month and I have be fine . no high and low . just ... normal . jeff yeah . be it normal when you lock we in the bathroom with a handgun ? kris we do that . we lock ourselves in . we - jeff now I be realize . now it make some kind of sense . you show up at my work . you be manic . I feed off it . it 's delusional . no wonder - kris it be we . jeff it be you ! kris . you be rewrite it . jeff oh . oh . he suddenly stand up violently , kick the chair over . CUT to : he rummages through she medicine cabinet , drawer , she purse , until he find the pill bottle . CUT to : ( continued ) 192 continued : revision 1 79 . she 's still in she seat as he step back into the dining room . he calmly return the chair to its place , sit , put the bottle in front of she . he maintain he composure : jeff ( cont have ) you. will . take - I be not do this shit . you will take this ... as prescribe . or. you will never ... see I ... again . CUT to : he storm out the front door . she flush the pill down the toilet . int . cerulean plaza HOTEL / banquet hall - day a garden show and flower competition be be hold . tables be line with horticulture product , publication , and flower . along a wall be the floral arrangement in competition . 3 judge be inspect they , take note , discuss . they arrive at Phoebe 's creation . they seem to like it , pay close attention to the orchid at the center . from a way back , Phoebe and elise watch , squeezing hand . CUT to : it 's win a blue ribbon . Phoebe chat with a judge . judge what be this beautiful orchid ? the turquoise ? what be it call ? tremendous . phoebe I do not think it have a name . we have they up on a bit of land my family have . elise watch from a distance . she share a smile with Phoebe . judge it 's so easy , just a little paperwork . in fact I x11 put you in touch with a flora taxonomist I have use that can walk you through it , ( more ) ( continued ) 193 continued : revision 1 80. judge ( cont have ) but hey if it be a new species they let you name it after whoever find it . you could have you very own flower . phoebe it have be my granddad walter 's then . we have name it after he . he use to give they to my grandma when they be court . elise look worried at this . int . cerulean plaza HOTEL / lobby - next - day Phoebe enter with the ribbon , look for elise , and find she sit at a table with a drink , solemn . we focus on elise 's ankle which be cross tight . we stay on they , the sock . CUT to : Phoebe take a seat across from she try to understand a newfound tension between they . a waiter stand nearby : elise she 'il have a iced tea . phoebe diet coke . Phoebe do not get elise 's stoic demeanor . she think it 's the ribbon and slide it over . phoebe ( cont have ) take it . I do not even ... take it if that 's what 's wron - elise we be not go to name anything after he . Phoebe look past she , try to solve this . elise ( cont ’d ) name it for yourself . you mother . do not name it . do not matter , not he . ( continued ) 194 continued : revision 1 phoebe why , Gram ? 81 . elise just stare back . there 's not go to be a answer . phoebe ( cont have ) Gram . second pass . phoebe ( cont have ) Gram . and again . brutal , quiet , haunt . phoebe ( cont have ) why ? int . sign store / back office - day kris speak to she boss . kris I just do not want to be , um , sneaking around or say I be at lunch when - boss no , I think it 's great . it 's good for you . kris , yeah ? boss of course . who be you interview with ? kris I be so glad . one do print design and the other , which I think be a better fit , be in post production . front area kris help a customer , retrieve a order from the counter : kris ( cont have ) no , no I have they . let I , here they be . you put down 50 folder but only 5 cover sheet and I could not reach you so ... ( continued ) 195 196 197 continued : revision 1 82. customer oh , thank you . you save my life . I do not know what I - you be a true friend . kris friend of human progress . you be welcome . customer do not know what that mean but get out politely . kris be leave embarrassed . what do I just say ? CUT to : she search the phrase " friend of human progress " on she phone . up pop a list for " walden by Henry David thoreau " . she read the full quote aloud : kris ( cont have ) a true friend of man ; almost the only friend of human progress . int . bookstore - next - day she search the shelf , pull out a copy of walden . CUT to : seat , she hold the copy open , look off , have read something that scare she a bit . she 's unsure what to do . int . cerulean plaza HOTEL / elevator area - day elevator door open , revealing wesley inside . he study a notebook , unaware of the open door until they almost close . he put up a arm to keep they open and exit . int . cerulean plaza HOTEL / lobby - next - day he sit in a chair , still in he notebook . a young man , volunteer , approach : volunteer Mr. Van kraus ? wesley look up . revision 1 83. 198 int . suv - next - day volunteer drive . wesley eye the downtown high -rise . volunteer how do you like it ? wesley be not sure what that mean . volunteer I know you work , or you write I mean , out of town . how do you find the city ? wesley it have its place . 199 int . music hall - next - day they enter on a upper level , look out over the hall . wesley scan from the floor seat to the balcony . wesley they have refinish the second tier there ... at the exit . volunteer yes sir . that be do end of last year . wesley they use the same material ? same timber ? volunteer uh , great question . i’1l1 look into that . CUT to : wesley set up a grey BOX on stage and step away . he hit a button on a remote . a loud tone emit from the grey box , echoing against the back of the hall , die down after a few second . he turn he head and test again . CUT to : again he test the acoustic , this time from a floor seat . CUT to : revision 1 84 . one more test from the very back seat in the high balcony . 200 int . rehearsal room - day wesley direct a small group of violinist rehearse precise staccato blast . he listen . CUT to : he 's in a conversation with the most vocal one , leah ( 30 ) : wesley this be - that 's exactly right ... leah ... but it leave no room for expression - wesley that 's exactly right . you complaint be exactly the right thing to be complain about . perfect . string have to be that . every . loop. perfect . no not perfect , identical . however you start have to be repeat forever good or bad . because over here with choral and timber we be organic and we need a gauge , something to contrast or it 's all just a move mess . leah then use a metronome . get a synthesizer . the other player be quiet . leah might have cross a line . the room be tense . wesley stay calm , even amused . 201 ext . music hall step - night the two sit alone , intimate . she take a sip of he coffee : wesley we could do it artificially , throw it to percussion et cetera . that would be easy . the challenge be to reproduce it in the analog . remove passion from where it show up naturally . ( continued ) 202 203 continued : revision 1 85 . leah you can not say it 's worth do just because it 's difficult . that 's confusing two separate idea . be you bear into money ? Rich people always use the word challenge when they want everyone else to do something hard . wesley no , we be not rich . leah poor ? wesley uh ... it rise and fall with the price of pork . my dad be a pig farmer . leah no shit . now it 's come together . int . music hall - day wesley conduct a full orchestra rehearsal on stage . among the violinist leah play with intense concentration . a few second of continuously heightening note before wesley stop the whole thing . he stare at the floor , the room quiet . he look to leah , but she already know : wesley you be do . she pack up , walk off . int . chain HOTEL / check - in - night Jeff pass through , get almost to the elevator when ... clerk jeff. Jeff . busy on the phone , he point to a wrapped package on the desk . elevator ( continued ) 204 205 continued : revision 1 86. Jeff tear the wrapping , pause for just a moment before decide to remove it entirely : a copy of walden . HOTEL room he sit on the edge of the bed , book open . jeff ( off screen ) there be something I do not know ... int . kris & jeffus house / bedroom - night now on they bed , he struggle for word . kris listen . jeff ... and I fill it with something I make up and now I can not tell the difference . but if none of it 's true , if it 's all a fiction I build ... something have to go in its place ... or how be we mean to ... kris all you have to say be you do not know . his eye water . he look like he may say it . int . kris & jeffus house / bedroom - morning kris wake , sit up in bed , about to stand , take a moment . the alarm clock flip to " 5 :28 " and the radio turn on . a ad for a symphony play accompany by striking chord : announcer ( radio ) this fall ... the kl symphony orchestra mark the beginning of its 75th season . a gala event feature the highly anticipate return of - she shut it off instinctively . then after a moment ... ... she turn it back on , now listen intently : announcer ( radio ) ( cont have ) from the mind of internationally - renowned composer wesley Van kraus ... the premiere of ( more ) ( continued ) 206 continued : revision 1 87. _. announcer ( radio ) ( cont have ) a original work ... repetico : a journey beyond grace and light . ticket available now . Jeff step from the bathroom with a toothbrush in he mouth , stunne and listen . int . music hall - night the orchestra be warming up . Jeff and kris sit on the third row . she read the program : we see the title " repetico " , " composer wesley Van kraus " , and on a dedication page " for Becky , my life . " Jeff , stare ahead , suddenly turn to the audience behind they . kris sense it too : something be out there . applause wake they and they turn to the stage where wesley step out , bow slightly . he scan the audience , the balcony , he eye linger too long . he sense something too . wesley raise the baton . a moment of silence . he thrust it . the music begin softly but we only see ... microscopic chemical and biological reaction . the turquoise powder effervesc against the surface of a organelle before disappear inside . blood flow , carry the powder . after fade to a echo , the music return with a crescendo : kris feel the effect , look like a invisible hand be slowly push she over . she almost lose consciousness . Jeff be breathe hard , try to withstand the spell they seem to be under . he brace against the armrest . kris try to stand . Jeff help she . they move to the aisle . as they walk to the back exit , they notice a man in the audience on the right get up , move to the aisle . a woman stand on they leave . then a older couple , all join they in exite . 207 208 revision 1 88. int . music hall / foyer - next - night kris , Jeff , and 9 other abductee be assemble in a group . they look to each other , search face while the music play on , muffle through double door . kris notice that one of the man , graham , linger near the door . he press he head to it , listen . a young woman , dorothy , follow too , lean against the other door . one by one they move into the doorway huddle together in a trance . kris join they , let go of Jeff 's hand . he resist , cover he ear . he back away , head outside . applause erupt . the symphony be over . Doors open . the audience file out . ext . music hall - next - night Jeff walk around the back of the building . he pull on a unmark door . lock . he move on . he test another door . lock . he head toward a fleet of black town car park on the street . after scan they he get back to testing door . he run he hand along the wall . a electric cable be affix to it . on a hunch , he reach out to it , sense something ... he turn just before a door 20 foot back bang OPEN . wesley exit with volunteer , crossing to one of the town Cars . Jeff rush to he . for a brief moment wesley recognize he before ducking into the car . Jeff rub he throat : the collar . jeff you know I . wesley turn to he as the car door close . he drive off . jeff ( cont have ) you know I ! 209 210 revision 1 89 . int . music hall / foyer - next - night kris be still with the abductee . she step to Jeff as he approach . he 's stunne , almost smile : jeff he see I . he look at I . he know I . this excite she . she 's think of a next step . ext . rural road near refinery - next - night three car idle at the fork , parallel to each other . Inside all 11 abductee silently write on index card . the card be pass from car to car to car . kris tally : kris Seven left . four rights . the car drive off down the leftmost road . CUT to : next fork . another vote . they take off right . CUT to : kris ( cont have ) five leave . six right . milton again ? why 's it so close ? CUT to : another vote . kris . six to the leave . dorothy it should not count if it 's that close . if there be twelve of we it have be a tie . CUT to : another fork . they continue . 211 revision 1 90 . ext . gas station - next - night Cars gas up . people be tired . they split off into small chat . dorothy shake she head , despondent . keith check he watch , yawn . the mood be dour . Brent and Jeff confer over a road map : brent I would not call it a circle , but if we be go somewhere this would be the longest possible route to it . Carol flip through the vote , compare , find something odd . CUT to : she walk to kris with the card . carol kris ? you be kris ? will you look at this ? CUT to : kris march angrily to a old couple , nora and clyde : kris what be you people do !? they stare back , dumbfounded . kris hold up index card : kris what 's wrong with you ?! why be you wreck it ? why be you always the same ? every single vote you guy agree . even when you be wrong you agree ! they have no answer . kris turn to clyde : kris , show I you ankle . right now . clyde what for ? CUT to : he sit . she crouch , pull down he sock , and see the scar . ( continued ) 212 continued : revision 1 91 . satisfied , she turn to nora : kris you . come on . show I . nora do not move , obstinate . she look to clyde for help . kris you be not one of we . be you ? nora refuse to answer . clyde nora ? nora it happen to clyde so it happen to I . kris , furious , slap nora . Jeff pull she off . jeff kris. kris . it 's just a story . she just make a story . ext . rural road - night the car idle . index card be pass in . Brent tally . keith lean in the window to see how thing be go : brent eight to two , seven to three ... nine to one . last one be unanimous , a even ten . keith get back in he car , announce : keith good vote . think we be get close . the car drive off . kris , in the front passenger seat , sense something , turn around , scan each face , land on Graham . what be it ? he 's lose in he own world , stare at the door . ominous . kris see that Carol also feel something from Graham . 213 214 215 revision 1 92 . ext . wesley 's farmhouse - next - dawn the 3 car wind down the country road towards the house . int . wesley 's farmhouse / kitchen - next - dawn wesley eat toast over he morning paper at the counter . hear voice , he turn to see the abductee out front . they be huddle together , try to decide something . recognize they , he 's a bit surprised but not unhappy . he clean up he breakfast , tuck in he shirt , and move toward the front of the house , look to welcome they . ext . wesley 's farmhouse - next - dawn on the edge of the group Carol stare at the pigpen . kris follow she gaze and end up stare too . there be a faint discussion about what to do next but it die down , as one by one they all turn , draw in . kris step first and before long the group be walk toward the pen , everyone but Graham who be nowhere to be see . suddenly kris stop , turn back to the house . we hear a gunshot . the group turn to the house . another gunshot , the muzzle flash inside the house . wesley crash through the front door and fall to the ground , escape from Graham who follow he , gun outstretch . stun silence . they all watch wesley crawl , slowly die . Jeff move to disarm Graham but kris stop he . she know : kris wait . Graham put the gun to the roof of he mouth . 216 217 218 219 220 revision 1 93. ext . pigpen - continuous - dawn a pig buckle to the ground just as Graham , in the far background , pull the trigger and collapse himself . int . wesley 's farmhouse - next - day the abductee move through the house , silently look . int . livestock build / white room - next - day the cot be still there . clean linen . well light . they file in like they be touring a historic landmark . when the other leave , Carol can not tear herself away . int . livestock build / exam room - next - day they crowd around the desk study wesley 's note , sketches , the clipboard of abductee 's name . kris scroll to the top of the list to the only one without a last name ... kris Becky . ext . pigpen - day the abductee spread out into the pen . kris walk alone , slowly but directly , to k . she crouch . jeff approach hold the clipboard . he compare k 's tag : jeff it 's you . kris well up , it finally hit she that she 's not crazy . kris I know . Beyond they , the other be find they match pig . 221 222 223 revision 1 94 . ext . yellow pigpen - dawn the pig empty out of a livestock trailer into a large pen surround by a aged yellow - painted fence . nora and clyde wrangle they while other abductee continue repair on the fence , replace decay with new lumber . a truck arrive on the road . on the side be paint " 's no man should be allow to be President who do not understand hog . 's - President Harry Truman " . a new vet emerge . Carol greet she , lead she alongside a old yellow farmhouse . int . yellow farmhouse - day the place be dusty , seemingly abandon for decade . Brent have to practically knock the door down to get in . he carry box of wesley 's sketches and note , which he stack in the corner . he look around at they new workplace . ext . yellow farmhouse - day over a picnic-table lunch , they all question New vet : clyde how much space be ideal for they ? do they roam ? would they rather have smaller pen but more of they if that make sense - CUT to : nora - so I think we have mix in a lot of fresh produce , vitamin supplement , a lot of whole grain . be that right ? CUT to : dorothy - no , I have prefer to keep they groom , get they bath every other day but if the natural instinct - I mean if they like be shaggy I do not want to just force - ( continued ) continued : revision 1 95 . CUT to : selma do the woman , the sow I mean , ever separate off ? do they like be mix in all the time ? I would think - milton that remind I ... when it do get colder ... at what temperature do we need to start think about maybe a indoor pen ? Space heater and you know ... CUT to : keith all of they , yeah . we just - whatever vaccine be available . all of they . all the shot . new vet this be a list of recommend vaccine and I 'il certainly inspect each animal . the truth be you can defend against all manner of disease , make they healthy as can be . but at some point the cost outweigh what you hope to recoup at slaughter . the abductee share a look . carol let I stop you . do not worry about cost . this pig be go to be better care for than most people 's kid . it 's go to be embarrassing . now . if they could choose anything ... what be it that they really love to eat ? New vet look around the table : be this a joke ? finally she just go with it and laugh ... new vet okay . 224 225 226 227 revision 1 96 . ext . yellow pigpen - day New vet feel k 's belly , confirm pregnancy : new vet oh goodness , yes . and far along too . kris be overjoy , roaring with laughter . int . yellow farmhouse - day Brent read name from the clipboard then Carol search they online . they confer on phone number . Brent call : brent ( on phone ) yes , be this Marsha Potter ? my name be Brent West . I have ... some information that ... I hope might help you . ext . yellow farmhouse - day a car drive up . husband ( the one whose wife die ) get out , check the address against he handwritten note . he walk toward the house as Jeff open the door for he . ext . creek / drainage ditch - day elise and Phoebe scout for orchid . elise be frail now and walk with a cane , slow they progress . again we spend too much time try to see she ankle , still sock . Phoebe have to leave she to step down the incline to the white orchid we have see before . she scan for the turquoise . she call back up to elise : phoebe Gram , there 's none here either . maybe further up ? should I grab white ? she turn upstream , still hopeful . 228 229 revision 1 97 . ext . plant nursery - day Evan be shopping for the orchid , check leave like before . he look all around , not find they . Peter , try to help , bring he a candidate . Evan scrape the leaf with a knife but do not like the residue . he grab a bit of soil to be sure , check for worm . no luck so he toss it and look elsewhere . Peter follow , learn . ext . yellow pigpen - dusk kris sit against the fence , content . she hold a newborn piglet , lift it to she face like she 's play with a baby . all around she k 's other piglet clumsily explore .