yf yf February 13 , 1998 - draft for educational purpose only ext . country road - night . a cold , windy evening in New England . bare , loom tree line the side of the desolate road . suddenly , the darkness be break by fast approach light . we see a speed land Rover round a bend . int . land rover - night . we pull in from the rear , revealing a mess of book and clothing include a distinctive black parka . driving the car be a cute , curly - haire , twenty year - old , michelle mancini . she listen attentively to a '' loveline '' style talk show on the radio . sasha ( 0.s. ) you be listen to after Dark with sasha on wvop , the Voice of pendelton University . caller , you be on the air . jane ( 0.s. ) this be , um , Jane . sasha ( sarcastic ) seem to be a run on '' jane '' tonight . how can I help you ? jane well , I be have sexual thought about my roommate . sasha be she aware of this ? jane no . I do not think so . but , honestly sasha , I be not a lesbian . sasha be you dating any guy ? jane . no. sasha do you think about guy ? jane um . not really . sasha how many indigo Girls album do you own ? ( continued ) 2 continued : jane all of they . sasha then Jane , I think it 's time you wake up and smell the coffee over at ellen 's house because you be way confuse . head immediately to the lesbian student lobby , make some new gal pal and once you have come to term , see if roomie would not be up for a little sapphic soul search . thank you , next caller . Michelle laugh , then pop a tape into the stereo . bonnie Tyler 's 80' power ballad , '' total eclipse of the heart '' start blasting . Michelle sing along , not too convincingly . michelle turn around / every now and then I get a little bit terrify and then I see the look in you eye ... the sunroof be open and the moon softly illuminate Michelle . she 's too entertained to notice a flashing light on the console ... the low fuel gauge . she speed past a large Shell station . int . land rover ~ night . the car begin sputtering . she turn the radio down and notice the light and accompany beeping . michelle ( panicked ) oh no ... : through the windshield , she see a rundown gas station in the distance . michelle ( cont have ) please ... please make it . the car be on its last fume . it sputter into the station and die . Michelle breathes a sigh of relief . a creepy , dishevel attendant step out of he office and walk to the car . Michelle open the window just a crack . attendant ( stutter ) R-r-ran out of g-g-g-gas ? michelle ( cont have ) yeah . fill it up please . ( continued ) continued : 3 she slip she credit card through the crack . he stare at she , nod and walk away . michelle ( cont no ) ( to herself ) freak show . ext . gas station - night . 4 the gas hose be in the tank fill up . int . land rover - night . Michelle look at she watch impatiently . attendant ( 0.s. ) m-m-m-miss ? she turn to look . he 's call out from he office door . michelle what ? attendant c-c-can you p-p- please come here for a m- m-m-minute ? michelle what be it ? attendant um. credit c-c-c- ard company . they nre on t-t - the phone . michelle be there a problem ? attendant they s-s- say they w-w- want to speak to you . michelle hold on . she grab mace spray and stick it in she coat pocket . int . office - night . it 's dark and dingy , the only light a dim , flicker fluorescent bulb . Michelle step inside and the attendant immediately close the door behind she , lock it witha key . ( continued ) continued : michelle so where 's the phone ? attendant ( nervously ) m-m-m-iss ... t-t -t-here - michelleas Pov on the desk sit the phone ... unplugge from the wall . she slowly begin to walk backwards towards the door . attendant ( cont have ) s-s-s-ome - he go to grab she shoulder . michelle do not touch I ! attendant no ...no ! there 's s-s-s - she reach the door ... it 's lock . he grab she shoulder firmly and turn she to face he . attendant ( cont would ) s-s-s-omeone -- close on her coat pocket she grab the mace and fidget around try to remove the protective lock . attendant ( cont would ) be - be - be -- she unlock the mace , shove it in front of he eye and spray . attendant ( cont would ) aaaaahhhh ! the attendant keel over . michelle try in vain to unlock the door . she turn around and see ... the attendant writhe in pain on the floor . on the desk she spot the unplugge phone and grab it . ( continued ) 10 il 12 13 continued : ( 2 ) 6 she smashes the door window until there 's a open big enough for she to fit through . her glove and coat protect she from the glass . ext . gas station - night . 7 she 's halfway out . int . office - night . 8 the attendant get up . her leg be dangle inside . he grab they . she scream and start kick , hit he in the groin . attendant ( cont would ) ( hold himself ) ohhh ! ext . gas station - night . 9 Michelle fall out and run to she car . she 's fumble around with she key when ... the attendant open the office door . he 's approach . she can not find the right key . he 's almost there . finally , she get the key and leap inside . int . land rover - night . 10 she start the engine and look around . he 's nowhere in sight , when -- ext . gas station - night . il he jump in front of the car , shine menacingly in the headlight . attendant there 's s-s-some -! int . land rover - night . 12 Michelle hit the accelerator smashing into the attendant . he 's cling onto the hood . ext . gas station - night . 13 the gas hose fly out of the tank spilling gasoline all over the ground . Michelle make a sharp turn into the road and the attendant fall off . ( continued ) 13 14 continued : 13 he get up and hobble to the road try to chase after the car . it 's useless . he yell out and , finally , he word come out without a stutter . attendant there's someone in the backseat ! int . land rover - night . 14 she 's already too far to hear he warning . as she sob hysterically , she do not notice ... behind her the black parka we have see earlier begin to move slightly . close on stereo she press '' play '' on the tape player . '' total eclipse of the heart '' again . she sing along , try to make herself feel better . michelle turn around , bright eye / every now and then I fall apart / turn around , bright ... behind her the figure in the black parka rise . his face obscure by a furry hood . he raise a ax and begin to inch towards Michelle . close on rearview mirror hanging from it be a blue and gold tassel with '' 96 '' pin to it . Michelle look in the mirror . it 's completely black . she adjust it and catch the reflection of the fur-trimmed parka hood . she turn around . he’s right behind her her eye widen . the song be reach its crescendo . '' turn around ... every now and then I fall apart ! '' michelle noo0000000 ! close on the ax the killer swing . with a squishy thud , she head be slice and fly straight out the sunroof . 15 16 ext . road - night . 15 the head roll over the top of the car , mouth agape , eye widen in terror , and roll right toward US until its mouth fill the entire screen . slam CUT to : a mouth , yawn . ext . pendelton campus - night . 16 pull back to reveal natalie simon , a dark -haire , good look twenty year - old stare straight ahead . Natalie 's a serious type -a personality who would probably feel more comfortable in a donna karan power suit than the green goose down jacket she 's currently don . she know exactly what she want out of life and have no time to waste ...her Day runner be she bible . natalie I will not encourage this . her Pov a gothic , stone building . its window board with wood and its front door lock with a heavy chain . the molding abov the front door clearly read , '' stanley Hall . '' : next to she stand she friend brenda . she 's tall and athletic and blonde . her carefree demeanor the antithesis to Natalie . brenda . cut I a little slack . I just transfer here this year . now do I say bloody Mary five or six time before I hear the spirit ? natalie Brenda , give it up . you be not exactly the midget lady from '' poltergeist . '' brenda be you scared Natalie ? Natalie laugh . natalie ( sarcastic ) right . ( continued ) 16 continued : 16 Brenda grab Natalie by the arm and pull she towards the dorm . natalie ( cont would ) here we go . Brenda stop in front of a window and peer in through a crack . brenda bloody Mary -- Natalie roll she eye . brenda ( cont have ) bloody Mary . bloody Mary . bloody Mary . Brenda look at Natalie . take a deep breath , and ... natalie : ( okay , I be over this ) bloody Mary . suddenly , we hear what sound like far-off , torture scream . Brenda and Natalie look at one another . they be nervous . the scream be get louder and louder . natalie come on . they start to back away when ... a figure appear behind they hold a light under he face . they turn around and scream . damon buaaaaaa ! he laugh hysterically . it 's damon , goateed frat brother and campus practical joker . damon ( cont have ) you call ? natalie she be try to summon the dead damon , not frat boy with badly grow facial hair . damon instinctively touch he goatee . ( continued ) 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 damon what do you mean ? it take I a month to get this . Natalie smirk . he smile at she flirtatiously . damon ( cont have ) anyway ... it all still tickle you in all the right spot . natalie keep dream man-boy . brenda ( angry ) so be this what you do with you free time ? hang out in the rain by yourself wait to scare people like a total freak ? damon Nah . only when I see some idiot stand in front of the dorm try to summon the dead . he point to the frat house behind they . damon ( cont would ) I can see you through my window . night girl . see ya in class tomorrow ? brenda unfortunately . natalie see ya . he walk away . Natalie put she arm around Brenda . natalie ( cont would ) do not tell I , tomorrow we be break out the ouija board and get fashion tip from versace . Brenda shrug she shoulder . brenda not a bad idea . they look at each other and laugh . 17 10 . int . pendelton college radio booth - night . 17 small and cramped with poster of obscure college rock band hang on the wall . a window look onto the engineering room where the engineer sit , slouching over the control . we see a heavily make up , perfectly accessorize college girl stand with a wireless mike headset . this be sasha , whose voice we hear earlier . she command the airwave like a hip and sexy Dr. Ruth and become very animated as she speak . bijou ( o.s. ) ( overmodulated ) hello ? sasha turn around , snap she finger at the engineer and . motion with she hand for he to lower the level . he quickly oblige . sasha yes I be here . bijou ( nervously ) um. well ... it 's kinda , um , embarrassing . sasha spit it out bijou . bijou that 's the problem . I do not . sasha oh. get a little extra protein in you diet , huh ? bijou ( break up ) my stomach 's be kill I ever since . sasha , I think I can feel they swim around in there . do I need to get my stomach pump ? sasha bijou , I think the only thing you need pump be the air out of you head . swallow be a major safe sex no - no . now , sound to I like there 's nothing wrong with you stomach that a shot of pepto would not cure . do not stress and next time make sure to climb off that volcano before it erupt . next caller . 18 will . int . java joint - night . 18 the campus coffee shop . over the radio , sasha 's radio show be playing . Natalie and Brenda sit in couch next to a crackling fireplace along with two guy , parker and paul . notepad and textbooks fill the table in front of they . Natalie turn to parker , older than the other and wear a sigma epsilon sweatshirt . parker have be at pendelton for seven year and have no intention on graduate just yet . why bother deal with real responsibility when you be the best know party guy on campus ? natalie parker , how exactly do sasha come up with this stuff ? parker she devour every issue of cosmo . call it she bible . brenda ( cont would ) ( anxious ) so , finish the story . parker anyway , he be a professor on campus . maybe twenty - five , thirty year ago . brenda what do he teach ? parker I do not know ... biology or something . paul , the sexy and soft -spoken journalist , sit next to Brenda . he 's quiet and listen intently . the kind of guy who seem to be able to read you with one glance . paul it be actually abnormal psychology from what I understand . parker not the point of the story , but fine , abnormal psych it be . anyway , he flip out one night . go completely berserk . grab he hunt knife and head into stanley Hall . bang on every door . and every student that answer , he take that knife and slit they throat . ear to ear . ( continued ) 18 continued : 12 . 18 he demonstrate it with a butter knife . parker ( cont would ) do away with a entire floor before stabbing himself straight through the heart . again , he demonstrate with the butter knife . the group parker ( cont no ) uggh ... thus the annual sigma epsilon bash . brenda you have a frat party to commemorate a massacre ? natalie ( sarcastic ) any excuse to get plaster . parker ( grin broadly ) you betcha . paul so parker when this happen , you be , what , a sophomore here ? laugh . parker you can laugh but like I have say before , I really see no point in graduate before thirty . paul what do you think Natalie ? you buy it ? natalie a massacre ? of course not . it 's a bullshit story you hear on every campus in the Northeast . show I the proof . parker well , that 's the thing . pendelton know enrollment would suffer permanently , so , in cahoot with the national news media and various , other , powerful organization ... they have do they best to eliminate any information relate to it . ( continued ) 18 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 natalie yeah , I be so sure . suddenly there 's loud beeping . Paul check he pager . paul just a sec . he stand up and brushes against Brenda . she eye he longingly . Brenda turn to Natalie as he walk away . brenda do you see how he brush against my leg ? natalie how ? brenda slowly . like a seduction . natalie I say he 's into it . brenda I do not know . he 's good - look , smart , straight . not the type that usually go for I . natalie Brenda , stop be so down on yourself . the leg brush ... it 's a sign . brenda should I ask he out ? natalie let he come to you . parker yo ! do not mind include I in some of you chick banter . Paul walk back . paul something 's come up . - I gotta get to the newsroom . natalie another e-coli crisis in the cafeteria ? ( continued ) 18 19 20 21 14 . continued : ( 3 ) 18 paul I wish . that one almost get I the student pulitzer . he wink at she , smile and exit . brenda bye ! natalie okay guy , I have get a scary story too . the group of lazy college kid who flunk out and end up make blizzard at dairy Queen . she open up she book . parker and Brenda groan in unison . ext . residence hall - night . 19 Natalie be fumble with she key . suddenly , the door swing open take Natalie aback . holding the door be a wrinkle , gray- haire janitor with a friendly demeanor . janitor there you go . int . dorm hallway - night . 20 Natalie walk in . natalie thanks so much . janitor ( smile ) oh no problem at all . just finish clean up . we catch a glimpse of the tiny computer room he 's clean . natalie well good night . he smile at she and go back into the room . int . natalie 's S room - night . 21 it 's dark inside . the door creak open ... Natalie enter . she feel around the wall for the light switch . she hit it as she-shuts the door . ( continued ) 21 22 23 15 . continued : 21 tosh ( 0.s. ) ( angry ) shut off the fucking light ! she nturn to find tosh , she gothic , manic - depressive roommate in bed with a guy . we see the room . Natalie 's half be neat and clean . the wall of tosh 's half be paint black and Marilyn Manson poster hang from the wall . it 's a sty . natalie sorry . she turn off the light . int . natalie 's room - night . ' 22 Natalie lie in bed , look away as tosh and the guy moan in ecstasy . she grab she pillow and cover she ear . CUT to : int . lecture hall - morning . 23 a large , auditorium style room . on the chalkboard it read '' intro to american folklore . '' the class be restless ... no sign of the instructor . in the middle of the classroom sit Natalie and Brenda . behind they , parker and damon . parker 's eat a bagel and a brown paper bag sit on he desk . damon be stare at the overhead clock . it read , '' 9:09 . '' damon I be tell you , it 's ten minute . parker : Bud , I have be here six year . if the professor have tenure , which wexler do , you wait twenty minute . if not , ten 's the max . damon ( look at clock ) 5-4-3-2-1...outta here . he stand up . just as he do , the door swing open . . professor wexler , middle - age and wear a obvious toupee , walk in . he see damon . prof . wexler go somewhere damon ? ( continued ) 23 16 . continued : 23 damon . me? no. just stretch . he stretch he arm exaggeratedly and sit back down . prof . wexler good . light please . the eager teacher's assistant hit the light and turn on the slide machine . prof . wexler ( cont have ) last week we discuss folklore as a gauge for the value and concern of the society that create they . today we get more specific . the slide machine click to a spooky draw of a darken live room . in the background , a man in shadow be walk down a staircase while a frighten and oblivious teenage girl sit on a couch , phone up to she ear . prof . wexler ( cont would ) a baby -sitter receive menace phone call and upon trace they , realize they be originate from the upstairs room . the room where she 's leave the child under she care to sleep . who 's hear this before ? most of the class raise they hand . brenda that really happen to a girl in my old town . prof . wexler ( sarcastic ) yes , I be sure it do . I be sure most of you think this happen to girl in all of you hometown . but it do not . the baby -sitter and the man upstairs be a urban legend , contemporary folklore pass on as a true story . there be variation of this tale dating back to the 60' . all of they contain the same cultural admonition : young woman , mind you child or harm will come you way . damon lean over and whisper in Natalie 's ear . ( continued ) 17 . 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 — damon what 's the chance that a better head rug will come he way ? Natalie laugh . wexler turn around and see she . prof . wexler something funny you have like to share with we Natalie ? natalie no Mr. wexler . he stare at she hard . prof . wexler well then , why do not you come down here and volunteer for my experiment . natalie experiment ? prof . wexler do not worry . you will probably survive . Natalie take a deep breath and stand up . she look back to ~ find damon and parker try to conceal they laughter . front of the CLASS wexler hand Natalie a packet of pop rock . prof . wexler have this before ? natalie pop rock ? sure . they crackle in you mouth . prof . wexler eat some . she pour the candy into she mouth . it 's popping . : prof . wexler ( cont have ) thirsty ? wexler hold out a can of Coke . Natalie instinctively spit out . . wexler . be there something you might have hear ~ about mixing pop rock and coke ? ( continued ) 23 18 . continued : ( 3 ) 23 natalie well , supposedly you stomach , intestine , everything ... burst . wexler really ? anyone you know die this way ? natalie mikey . from the life cereal commercial . you know , '' give it to mikey . he will eat anything . '' the slide machine click . a still of mikey from the commercial appear . wexler you mean he . natalie yeah . another click . a picture of a smile , middle - age man appear on screen . wexler ( cont would ) what if I tell you this be mikey today . alive and well and work as a ad executive in New York . would you eat it then ? Natalie look around the class . all eye on she . natalie I think I will pass . wexler look disappointed . suddenly damon stand up . damon I will do it ! damon walk down and grab the pop rock . he swallow it down with a swig of Coke . he 's fine . wexler again , nothing more than a urban legend . suddenly , damon fall to the floor . the class gasp . he 's spasming uncontrollably as pop rock drool down the side of he mouth . parker jump up from he seat . ( continued ) 23 24 19 . continued : ( 4 ) 23 parker he’s gonna explode ! Brenda scream and run out of the room . boom ! it sound like something 's burst . the entire class stand and stare at damon who suddenly jump up and laugh hysterically . he pull out the paper bag he be hide under he coat . the class burst into laughter . wexler shake he head and roll he eye . prof . wexler ( cont would ) all right child , shall we move on ? ext . campus quad - day . 24 Natalie and Brenda step out from the classroom building . natalie you actually think damon be go to explode . brenda well I do not want to take the chance of get intestinal splatter on my outfit . they turn a corner and stop dead in they track . there Pov a couple of police car be park in front of the student union . over by the newsstand , a crowd have gather . brenda ( cont would ) what 's go on ? Natalie shrug she shoulder . as they walk towards the crowd , a pass girl drop a copy of the pendelton Daily newspaper . Natalie pick it up . on the front page be a huge , New York Post style headline that read , '' be there a lunatic on campus ? " there 's a big picture of Michelle mancini in the middle . natalie stare at the paper , shocked . . brenda ( cont would ) ( freaking ' out ) you have gotta be kid I ! I know I should have go to nyu . paul ( 0.s. ) ( proud ) can you believe the trouble I be cause ? ( continued ) 24 20 . continued : 24 they turn around and find Paul behind they . brenda hi Paul ... he smile at she for a second before something catch he eye over she shoulder . he Pov the patrician , middle - age college dean , roger adam , be stand on the step of the student union , clutching a copy of the newspaper . next to he be a young , black woman ina security uniform . this be reese , campus head of security . she have a determine , intense look in she eye . the Dean turn to a couple of young intern and whisper to they . they immediately walk down and through the crowd and begin confiscate the papers from the newstand . paul hey ! he run over to the intern . paul ( cont no ) what the hell be you do ? they ignore he . he look at the Dean and run over to he . paul ( cont would ) you can not just seize every copy here ! the Dean stare at he harshly . dean adam you nre the one that write this misconstrue , sensationalistic piece of rubbish , do not you ? paul sure do . dean adam let I tell you something young man , as far as I be concerned , the only lunatic on this campus be you . paul I be ... flatter . he take out he tape recorder . ( continued ) 24 21 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 paul ( cont would ) May I quote you on that ? the Dean roll he eye and walk away . reese step up to the recorder . reese I have a comment . U.S. News & World report name pendelton the safest university in the country . I call it the safest university in the western hemisphere and I intend to keep it that way with or without you help . she turn around and follow the Dean . paul thank you reese . he turn to Natalie and Brenda . paul ( cont would ) well I guess I be on the administration hit list again . natalie ( to Brenda ) let 's get out of here . Paul turn to Natalie and Brenda and hold up he recorder . paul wait ! how about some interview ? student react to tragedy on campus . brenda oforce it ; into recorder ) today , I be deeply sadden and move by the sudden death -- natalie come on . Natalie grab Brenda and drag she away . brenda see ya . . ( she turn to Natalie ) tell I you notice he lick he lip when he look at I . natalie Major lickage . ( continued ) 24 25 22 . continued : ( 3 ) 24 brenda yes . Brenda jerk she arm back victoriously . int . java joint - day . 25 we pull back from the television where a newsman be discuss the murder . newsman ... the police be still search for the proprietor of the gas station . Brenda , Natalie , damon , parker and sasha be sit around . parker have he arm around sasha . Natalie be stare off into space . sasha ( move ) someone tell I she radio be tune to my show when it happen . my voice be probably the last thing she hear . can you imagine ? parker yeah , one minute you have finally figure out where you g-spot be , the next you head be too far away to see it . he start laugh . sasha hysterical , dumb ass . brenda what if there be a lunatic on campus ? damon Fine with I , I be hit the slope this weekend . . parker I hear the girl 's body keep drive by itself even though it have no head . damon ( sarcastic ) yeah , avd it pull into a Taco Bell drive - tnrough for dinner . the group laugh . ( continued ) 25 26 27 23 . continued : 25 brenda anyone here know she ? everyone shake they head , '' no . '' Natalie be not even listen . Brenda snap she finger in front of she face . brenda ( cont would ) hello ... space cadet . natalie no , I do not know she . damon hey , I hear the dead girl give good head . get it ? he grab he head and pull it back and forth . damon ( cont would ) she give good head ! everyone laugh except for Natalie . ext . natalie 's dorm - dusk . 26 a faint orange glow linger on the residence hall as the sun disappear . student be head back to they room . int . natalie 's room - night . 27 Natalie walk in . heavy industrial music be blasting . tosh , deck out in black , be sit at she desk , type on the computer and chain-smok . natalie hey tosh . sorry about last night . tosh look at she nastily . tosh yeah well , do not let it happen again . Natalie put down she thing . she notice a spill bottle of pill on the floor . she kneel and pick it up . it ’sa bottle of '' prozac . '' natalie I think this be yours . Natalie toss it to tosh who swallow one of the pill . Natalie pick up the phone . we hear the staticky hiss of the computer modem . tosh be online . ( continued ) 27 24 . continued : 27 natalie Excuse I ? tosh ? tosh ( annoyed ) what ? natalie I need to check my voice-mail . do you mind get off - line for a minute ? tosh ( angry ) okay , but this be my phone line too ... she turn off the computer . we hear the familiar America Online '' Goodbye . '' she storm out of the place . Natalie hold back she anger and shut off the grate music . she dial the voice mail and put the phone on speaker . brenda . ( 0.s. ) hey it 's Brenda . cardio funk hip -hop aerobics tonight ? call I . Natalie look at herself in the mirror . hanging off the side of it be a blue and gold tassel like Michelle mancini have in the car . Natalie look away . she take she coat off and go to the closet to hang it . the answer machine beeps . mother ( 0.s. ) Natalie ... I hear . everyone 's talk about it around town . what be go on up there ? you better be carry the shrieker with you at all time . all time . Natalie smile to herself . she stop and kneel , pick a packet up from the bottom of the closet . on it be a very 80' look picture of a heavily make up girl be attack , and hold up '' the shrieker '' scream device . she take the device out of the box and stick it in she pocket . mother ( 0.s. ) better yet , maybe you should pack a bag and come home for the weekend . call I . the machine beeps . as she 's about to close the closet door , she look up at the top shelf and see she old high school yearbook . she stare at it for a moment , then take it out . she walk over to she desk , sit , and open it up . close on yearbook , ( continued ) 27 28 25 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 a picture of the cheerlead squad . we see Michelle mancini and Natalie stand right next to each other . she turn the page . candid shot . one of they be Natalie and 's Michelle , eat ice cream , they boyfriend behind they . close on Natalie 's face . she 's in tear . there 's a knock on the door . damon . damon hey ! I be just in the neighborhood . think I have pop by and see if you want to go hang out at the house . parker 's gonna pierce hootie 's nose . natalie hootie 's a dog . damon no reason he can not be hip . natalie that 's okay damon . he notice the tear in she eye . damon what 's go on ? you all right ? natalie yeah , I be fine . damon you sure ? listen , we do not have to go hang out with a bunch of drunk frat guy ... we can go somewhere and just talk . natalie ( not sure ) um ... he grab she shoulder . damon I be a great listener you know . Natalie look at he . maybe he 's not such a slimeball after all . int . damon 's S car - night . 28 damon jump in . he offer she a beer . . ( continued ) 28 29 30 26 . continued : 28 damon want a little something to warm you up ? natalie sure . he hand she a beer and try to start the car ... it do not . damon slight process . he move the steering wheel around , pump the gas and the engine roar . damon there we go . he drive off . ext . lakeside - night . '' 29 a small lake in the wood area separate the campus from the town . on the other side , we can see school building . a full moon shine ominously , illuminate the water . we see a sport car park under a tree near the edge of the lake . int . damon be car - night . 30 a few beer bottle be strewn on the floor . damon so you and Michelle be like best friend ? Natalie nod . damon ( cont no ) so why have not you speak to each other in two year ? Natalie stare at he . natalie I would kinda prefer not to talk about it anymore . damon you do not wanna open up . completely understandable . but I gotta tell ya ... I know exactly what you be go through . natalie you do ? ( continued ) 27 . 30 continued : 30 damon ( sounding meaningful ) sure . I lose someone close to I once . my girlfriend . she ... die . he cover he face with he hand . Natalie put she arm around he . natalie I be so sorry . damon it 's okay . she be sick for awhile ...had a ( reach ) ... syndrome . I be afraid to get close to anybody again after that . and then , one day , it hit I . why be I be so selfish ? I have so much love inside of I to give . natalie ( figure out he game ) you do ? damon ( cont would ) mmmhmmm . and Natalie ... you be in need of loving . natalie I be ? damon yup . you be lonely . repressed . aching to break loose . kinda thing only a man can fix . natalie and I suppose you be this man ? damon you know : it . damon stare at she then try to kiss she . she push he off . . natalie ( cont would ) what the hell be you do ? damon do not be afraid to love Natalie . you do not have to be afraid anymore . he try to kiss she again , a little more forcefully . she swing and punch he in the face . ( continued ) 30 31 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 30 damon ( cont would ) ouch ! natalie drive I home damon . damon fuck , I be just tryin' to help you out . you do not have to act like such a freakin’ bitch . natalie you asshole . just start the car . damon you sure you do not want to think about this ? I be all about heal Natalie . natalie one black eye or two damon , you decide . start the car . damon ( piss ) hold on . I gotta take a leak . he step outside . natalie ( to herself ) pig. she do not look well . she open up the vanity mirror . close on mirror she stare at herself for a second . as she go to close the mirror , we catch a quick , unclear reflection of something outside . Natalie do not notice . she 's wait , look impatient . finally , she open she door and step out . ext . lakeside - night . 31 natalie damon , hurry up and let 's go . she walk backwards look around . as she reach the back of the car , she turn to look forward and come face to face with ... the killer . his hood be tight around he face make it impossible to make out who it be . Natalie gasp . she start back away , fumble in she pocket . she pull out the ( continued ) 31 32 33 34 29 . continued : 31 '' shrieker . '' it shriek for barely a second before it 's just hiss air . she throw it at he and run into the car . int . damon be car - night . . 32 she lock the door . turn around . the back window be open . as she reach back to shut it , a glove hand grab she hand from outside and start reach inside , try to unlock the door . Natalie grab the key from the ignition and stab he hand . the killer fall back and Natalie be able to shut the window . natalie ( cont would ) damon ! ! ! she honk the horn , then : boom ! from above . she stop honk . boom ! she look up . the roof of the car be dent ... someone 's walk on it . she try start the car . it will not . boom ! a dent right above she head . Natalie recline the seat back . she 's shaking . she stare up at the roof . it 's silent . then , we begin to hear a low , steady sound . it 's get louder and louder . scratching . Natalie be dumbfounded . it 's furious now . like he 's try to scratch he way inside the car . she jump up and again try the car . as we hear the engine choke , we pan up . ext . lakeside - night . 33 we see bare foot furiously scratch the roof . then as we go up further we realize it 's damon . he 's hang by a rope . he keep himself from be choke by hold onto he neck . he can barely get he word out ... damon ( breathlessly ) do not start the car ! do not start the car ! int . damon be car - night . 34 Natalie be still feverishly attempt to get the car start . the scratching even more furious than before . Natalie stop to catch she breath . she look out the window . press she face against the glass , attempt to see what be happen on the roof , when suddenly ... the killer' head pop down from over the car , right in front of she , natalie aaaaaahhhhh ! ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 38 30 . continued : 34 Natalie jump back into she seat , adrenaline rush , and suddenly remember the trick to start the car . she move the steering wheel , pump the gas , try the ignition ... the engine roar . ext . lakeside - night . 35 damon 's face be aghast . damon nooo ! the car zoom away . we hear damon 's neck crack as he eye go blank and he 's pull up towards the tree . we now see that the end of the rope be tie to the back of he car . int . damon 's car - night . 36 Natalie scream as the killer land on the front hood of the car . he 's hold on to the windshield wiper . she jerk the car to throw he off . suddenly , the car will not move any further . ext . lakeside ~- night . 37 we see the tense up rope not allow the car to go forward . int . damon be car - night . | 38 Natalie be shaking as the killer lurch up towards the windshield . on the dashboard we see the rpm 's go into the red as Natalie hit the accelerator as far as it can go . through the windshield the killer 's move up to the windshield . he start kick it in with he boot . the glass be cracking . Natalie look down at the gear shift , slam it into reverse . she stare straight at the killer . natalie fuck you . she hit the accelerator . the killer go fly off the car . 39 40 41 42 31 . ext . lakeside - night . 39 the rope behind the car be slack . angle on tree branch damon 's body quickly start to fall . int . damon be car - night . 40 Natalie , out of breath , be look back and do not notice damon 's body through the windshield , fall straight towards she . smash ! damon 's body crash through the windshield landing right '' on top of Natalie . natalie ( cont no ) nooooo ! the car stop move . Glass cover the front . Natalie try push damon off , but he 's heavy . she manage to get out from under he and open the door . ext . lakeside - night . 41 she fall out of the car and look around . no sign of the killer . she get up and run away . int . security office - night . 42 on the wall hang a large '' foxy Brown '' poster with Pam grier . we hear a couple argue 0.s . we track to a desk where reese be watch '' coffy , '' another Pam grier classic . reese know every line and deliver it with as much vigor as Pam . reese this be the end of you rotten life you motherfuckin’ dope pusher ! a shotgun blast follow by typical blaxploitation music . reese hold up she small , standard issue gun and pretend to shoot . . reese ( cont no ) it be easy for he because he really do not believe it be come , but it be not gonna be easy for you , ' cause you better believe that it 's come . ( continued ) 42 x no 43 r~ 44 45 46 nn 32 . continued : 42 suddenly there 's loud banging on the door . reese roll she eye at the interruption ... she favorite scene . she open the door . Natalie be stand in front of she , distraught and shaking . reese ( cont would ) girl what be wrong with you ? natalie ( hysterical ) they kill he ! somebody kill he ! reese stare at she . int . security car - night . 43 reese be drive in the wood as Natalie sit , shaking . reese caress she shoulder . reese honey , everything 's gonna be all right now . you hear I ? natalie turn here . ext . campus road - night . 44 reese turn off the main road into a dirt path . int . security car - night . 45 Natalie turn to reese . natalie ( cont would ) up ahead . she close she eye . reese stop the car . reese here ? Natalie look up . her Pov therem nothing there . she step out . ext . lakeside - night . . 46 she walk around . it 's the same spot . reese climb out . ( continued ) 46 47 33 . continued : 46 natalie ( stammer ) I - I do not get it ... reese if you do not mind I ask ... what the hell be you on ? natalie nothing ! we be park right here . reese kneel down and pick up a empty beer bottle . reese right here , huh ? natalie reese , I be not crazy . I know what I see . it 's probably the same person who kill Michelle mancini ! reese that 's impossible . the police arrest the gas station attendant this evening . Natalie be speechless . int . coffee shop - day . 47 Brenda , Paul , sasha and parker be sit around Natalie who have not sleep all night and look it . parker 's try to hold back he laughter . sasha shut up . parker sorry . it 's just that , you have be have Natalie . natalie ( piss ) he be dead when he crash through the windshield parker , this be no joke . parker trust I , he 's my frat brother and the best practical joker on campus . he once convinced a freshman he be the middle hanson brother just so he could get laid . paul so where be he ? ( continued ) 34 . 47 continued : 47 parker pull out a paper with a phone number and the head ~ '' Blair Mountain ski Resort . '' parker weekend ski trip with he buddy from back home . natalie then where 's he car ? parker he drive . a realization come over parker . parker ( cont no ) scratch on the roof of the car ... do not you get it ? it 's just like the urban legend . brenda what urban legend ? parker wexler talk about it every semester . guy —~ and girl . park in the wood make out . guy step out . girl hear spooky ~ scratch noise on the roof ... it 's she dead boyfriend , hang from the tree . natalie and he be murder . remember ? Brenda be breathe heavily now . brenda I be start to feel a anxiety attack come on . paul calm down . he put he hand on she knee . she look at the hand then wink at Natalie . . sasha wait a second . that totally happen to my sister 's ex-boyfriend 's cousin . except he be hang from he foot and scratch with he nail . ( continued ) 35 . 47 continued : ( 2 ) 47 ~~ parker it 's a variation babe . there 's dozen of they . thus the windshield stunt . ( to Natalie ) tell I , what be this killer wear ? natalie a black parka . parker with a furry hood ? Natalie nod . parker laugh . parker ( cont ’‘d ) his nanook of the North spook outfit . look , damon 's in the class . he know the myth . he must have plan the whole thing out . connive bastard . something hit Natalie . natalie wait a second . there 's a urban legend 7 about a lunatic with a ax hide ina woman 's backseat . sasha hello , my mom still check the backseat before get into a car . natalie that 's how Michelle mancini die . everyone stop arid stare at she . natalie ( cont would ) it 's almost like someone out there be take this folk tale , we urban legend ... and make they reality . everyone be silent . finally , the group burst into uncontrollable laughter . Natalie look angry . paul who know Ms. skepticism herself would envision such a dare concept . parker turn to Natalie . parker call damon . you will see . ( continued ) 47 48 49 36 . continued : ( 3 ) 47 close on the paper Natalie stare hard at it . int . natalie 's room - day . 48 Natalie walk in . tosh be online again . she look like she have not step out of the room in day . natalie tosh , do you mind if I -- tosh turn around . tosh what ? natalie nevermind . she walk out . on the computer screen , we see that tosh be in a America Online chat room call " goth 4 goth . '' her screen name be forlorn22 . she type , '' gothic guy on campus lookin’ to hook up ... IM I . '' she take a long drag off she cigarette and wait for a response . ext . campus - day . 49 Natalie be on a payphone outside . operator ( 0.s. ) that group be in one of we phone - free cabin . natalie do they check in ? operator oh , sure they do . natalie I need to know if a specific guest , damon brook , be in that group . operator ( type ) well ... the cabin be not register under he name and we really have no way of know exactly who 's in there . ( continued ) 49 50 51 37 . continued : 49 natalie can I leave a message at the front desk ? operator sure you can ... but I can not guarantee that they will stop by to pick it up . Natalie look defeat as she hang up the phone . ext . library - night . 50 a tall , brownstone structure tower over the campus . int . library stack - night . 51 Dark and musty with no window . half the bulb be burnt out , darken some of the aisle more than other . Natalie slowly walk through the maze of bookstack , search the stack . behind her a shadow move in the distance . Natalie spin around . do she see something ? just she imagination . she get back to scan . suddenly we hear distinct footstep . Natalie stop in she track and look around . the air be heavy with dust . natalie hello ? no answer . she look up one end of the narrow aisle then the other . we hear the thud of a book drop . it could be anywhere . natalie ( cont no ) be there someone there ? silence . she turn around . directly in front of she be the book she 's be search for , '' encyclopedia of urban legends . '' it 's a heavy volume . she grab it with both hand and pull it out revealing ... eye , stare right at she . Natalie scream and jump back against the shelf , knock some book down . sasha ( 0.s. ) do not freak out on I . sasha walk around and over to Natalie . she 's hold a old , wear book . ( continued ) 38 . 51 continued : 51 sasha ( cont would ) I have be look for this everywhere . a early printing of the '' kama sutra '' ... with illustration . you think parker will get into it ? natalie do you sexual guinea pig have a choice ? sasha no. {a pause ) what 's that ? Natalie hesitantly show it to she . sasha ( cont would ) encyclopedia of urban legends . oh Natalie , do not tell I you still think -- natalie I do not know sasha . sasha well let 's take a look . 52 int . library study room - night . 52 Natalie and sasha be sit down go over the urban legend book . some of the page be illustrate . Natalie turn to '' the boyfriend 's death . '' it resemble how damon be kill . natalie this be it . sasha grab the book and look . sasha hmm. scary . she flip a page . sasha ( cont would ) wait a second , this be definitely not a urban legend . natalie what ? ( continued ) 52 53 54 39 . continued : 52 sasha the gang high - beam initiation . happens all the time . gang member drive around at night with they headlight off at and when someone flash they high beam to warn they , they kill ‘em . so gruesome . Natalie snatch the book from she hand . sasha ( cont would ) that 's why I never warn anyone about anything when I drive . Natalie stare heavily at the book . sasha ( cont no ) hello ? be you listen to I ? anyway , I be go . gotta get start practice this . she hold up the kama sutra book . natalie bye sasha . close on book we see the illustration of the '' gang High - beam initiation . '' close on natalie 's eye this story be obviously hit a chord . int . natalie 's room - night . 53 tosh be still wait for a response . the ashtray on she desk be overflow with cigarette butt . suddenly we hear a ring . there 's a message from a '' gloomy4u . '' it read , '' we be on similar dark path . '' tosh type , '' what U into ? '' his response : '' lithium . '' a smile crack across she face . she type , '' my type of guy '' with a little sideways happy face :) int . library study room - night . 54 Natalie be still look over the book when , suddenly , the overhead light start to blink . Natalie jump . the library attendant be stand at the doorway . . library attendant we be close in fifteen minute , guy . ( continued ) 54 55 56 57 58 40 . continued : 54 Natalie shut the book . on the back be a paper with the name of the last few people to have check it out . the most recent read , '' damon brook . '' she shake she head ... maybe it be some kind of sick joke . she get up to leave . int . natalie 's room - night . 55 tosh be get excited . '' where u at ? '' she type . '' Close . '' be he response . '' tease , '' she type . '' gonna get ready . let I know what room U R in . '' she get up , grab she makeup bag and run out of the room . ext . campus - night . . 56 Natalie be walk back to she dorm on one of the cobblestone walkway that zigzag through campus . there 's a few street light scattered about . it 's desolate . she walk more hurriedly . a figure suddenly appear from behind Natalie , sideswipe she . she jump . it 's only a jogger . natalie watch out ! jogger ( mumble ) sorry . int . dorm bathroom - night . $ 7 tosh be in front of the mirror , hurriedly apply makeup . smear black mascara , black eyeliner , white face powder , etc . she run back into the room . int . natalie 's room - night . 58 she sit at she desk again and look at the computer screen . she reread she last message , '' tell I what room U R in . '' Pan down to the response . '' your . '' suddenly , the killer appear behind she . he cover she mouth with he glove hand . we hear she muffle scream as she struggle to break loose . she try type '' help '' on the computer screen . the killer hit a button and shut off the computer . before it go black , we hear the America Online '' goodbye . '' the killer roll tosh in she desk chair over to she bed . she try to get up , but he knock she down . he grab she pillow and cover she face . her scream sound like moaning . s9 60 61 41 . ext , residence hall - night . 59 Natalie be walk into she residence hall , when a bitchy girl walk out . bitchy girl hmm ... sound like elvira 's raise more than the dead in there . natalie thanks for the warning . int . natalie 's room - night . 60 tosh be gasping for air . we hear the sound of the key in the lock . the killer grab the lamp cord and unplug it . it 's completely dark now . the door swing open . close on wall Natalie be feel for the light switch . she 's almost reach it when ... she hear the moaning . she opt against it . close on tosh . her violent jerk can be mistaken for something else . Natalie lock the door once , then , after some think , lock it again . she make she way through the room in the dark , accidently bump into tosh 's bed . natalie ( whisper ) sorry . not look . Natalie climb into bed , cover she ear with the pillow . angle on tosh the life go out of she . int . natalie 's room - morning . 61 sunlight be pour into the room . Natalie slowly wake up . she stretch she arm , open she eye . her vision be groggy . she notice write on the wall across from she . her vision slowly start to come into focus . she make out the word '' be not . '' she 's dumbfounded . ( continued ) 61 62 42 . continued : 61 natalie be not ... there 's more . natalie ( cont no ) you ...glad ... you ... do not ... turn on the light ? it 's write in drip blood . natalie ( cont no ) tosh ? she turn to she side and find ... a ghastly tosh , she wrist slit , lie in bed stare straight at Natalie . natalie ( cont have ) noooo0 oon ! int . dorm computer room - morning . 62 Natalie be sit down surround by Dean Adams , reese and a couple of cop . the door be open and Natalie , eye glaze , be stare out at tosh 's cover body be wheeled off by a paramedic . the bitchy girl stand against the wall watch . bitchy girl ( to paramedic ) you better check she pulse ... she 's look like that for year . Brenda appear at the door . she look concerned and wave at Natalie . Natalie wave back . dean adam Natalie ? she turn to he . dean adam ( cont would ) some water ? he hand she a glass of water and sit in . front. of she . natalie thank you . ( continued ) 43 . 62 continued : 62 dean adam so you hear moan when you walk in . why do not you turn on the light ? natalie I would walk in on tosh have sex before . it be not something I care to see again . reese so you never actually see anyone there ? natalie no . the Dean and reese look at one another . dean adam Natalie do you know tosh be manic - depressive ? he hold up the bottle of prozac . natalie she paint half the room black . I hada good idea . reese there 's no sign of foul play here . no force entry . no sign of a struggle . no witness . natalie what be you say ? dean adam this appear to be a very tragic ... suicide . natalie ( disbely ) tosh do not kill herself . there be someone else in that room . '' be not you glad you do not turn on the light '' for Christ 's sake ! dean adam a very morbid ... suicide note . Dead silence . the Dean compassionately place he hand on Natalie 's lap . ( continued ) 62 63 64 44 . continued : ( 2 ) 62 dean adam look , I be have someone come in right now and hold a counseling session with the rest of the dorm . it might be a good idea for you to sit in . Natalie stare at the Dean and reese . we track behind she towards one of the computer terminal . on the screen be the America Online sign - off message . it read , '' Goodbye gloomy4u . '' int . dorm hallway - morning . 63 Brenda and Natalie be slowly walk up towards the dorm common area . brenda Natalie , maybe tosh just could not deal with life anymore . natalie tosh could never deal with life ... she just would not kill herself . I do not understand what 's happen Brenda . brenda maybe this counselor be not such a bad idea . natalie have you ever be in therapy ? brenda sure. natalie do it help ? brenda no . but it make for great conversation at party . . Brenda smile and Natalie force one out too . they reach the entrance to the common room and pause . int . dorm common room - morning . 64 a few student be gather in a circle around 'a late twenty - something counselor , doug . he 's wear a white turtle neck under a sweater and have a calm , involved look on he face . everyone else look disinterested and bored . in the background we hear enya play . ( continued ) 64 45 . continued : 64 doug .- this be all about compassion , dialogue , mutual support -- all eye turn to Natalie . he stop mid-sentence and look back . a wave of sympathy and emotion roll over he . doug ( cont have ) you must be the roommate . come here sweetheart . she slowly walk towards he . he speed thing up and grab she , hugging she tightly . he close he eye . doug ( cont would ) ooze it all out ... right on I , do not be afraid . close on natalie '’s face this be not what she need right now . Doug turn to Brenda . doug ( cont would ) do you need to ooze too ? brenda ( wave hand ) oh no , I be all ooze up . he grab Natalie 's hand and sit she down . Brenda follow . doug just sit right here . we be discuss just what tosh mean to each of we . who have the talk stick ? a wholesome girl raise she hand , clutching onto a wooden stick . . doug ( cont no ) you go ahead angel . wholesome girl ( upset ) well ...one time tosh threaten to gouge my eye out if I do not stop blast my Amy grant CD . I think she be really mean ... but now I know it be only a cry for help . she start cry . he pat she back . ( continued ) 64 46 . continued : ( 2 ) 64 doug there , there . which album ? wholesome girl ( through tear ) '' heart and motion '' he smile sympathetically . doug I really like that one . ( a pause ) anyone else have anything to say about tosh ? the group could care less about tosh . doug ( cont have ) you ? he grab the talk stick and hand it to a preppy guy . preppy guy um. I do not know she . doug it seem that way now ... to all of we , do not it ? like we never really know the real tosh . such be the depth of the human soul . preppy guy no . I just do not know she . never meet she in my life . Doug angrily grab the stick from he hand . doug anyone else ? Natalie ? he try hand she the stick . doug ( cont would ) you wanna grab the stick ? Brenda look to Natalie . all eye be on she . this be too much to handle . . natalie I just wanna be alone right now . she stand up and walk out of the room . a bitter girl turn to the group . ( continued ) 64 65 47 . continued : ( 3 ) 64 bitter girl what 's she so upset about ... she 's the one get a 4.0 this semester . doug so ... anyone up for a little role play ? ext . residence hall - morning . 65 Natalie run out of she dorm . she stop on the front step and catch she breath . she sit down and shut she eye , completely overwhelm . paul ( 0.s. ) hey . she look up . Paul be stand in front of she , hold onto he tape recorder . natalie sorry Paul , I be not do any interview . he stick the recorder in he pocket and hold he hand up . paul strictly off the record . natalie I think I be go crazy . paul happens to the best of we . he sit down next to she . paul ( cont have ) do you see it come ? natalie yes -- no . I mean ... I do not know . paul this suicide note I hear about . - natalie be not you glad you do not turn on the light ... in she blood . Paul look away . laugh . paul that 's weird . when I be a kid , I hear a story about a college girl who 's ( more ) ( continued ) ( 65 66 48 . continued : 65 paul ( cont would ) roommate be murder . the roommate walk in that night and go straight to bed . the next morning -- Natalie turn to he . something hit she . natalie a urban legend . Paul look at she . natalie ( cont have ) Paul , tosh do not commit suicide . there be somebody else in there . it 's really happen . something hit Paul . paul tonight 's the anniversary you know . natalie what anniversary ? paul the stanley Hall massacre . if it really happen that be . natalie how do we find out for sure ? we pull up behind they and see Brenda in the upstairs window stare on . int . parker' room - day . 66 a small single in the frat house . the blind be draw and indian sitar music be playing in the background . sasha , dress in sexy lingerie , be lighting candle around the room while parker lie shirtless in bed , anxiously await whatever she have plan . parker so ... what be we doin’ ? sasha it 's a surprise . her Pov hootie , a Yorkshire terrier with a nose ring , be sit on the floor , stare up at she . ( continued ) 66 67 49 . continued : 66 sasha and hootie be out of here . parker oh come on ! he 's not bother you . sasha parker , he make I uncomfortable . she open the door , about to let he out . parker it 's all right boy . you will be back ina few minute . sasha I only wish it last that long . parker sneer at she . int . newsroom - day . 67 a college version of the bustling newsroom . Reporters pile on top of each other type on old computer or talk on the phone . Paul and Natalie walk in . paul we have a archive with every issue of the pendelton Daily that 's ever be publish . if there be a massacre on campus you can bet it 's in there . natalie so this be where you come up with you lurid article . . paul I do not come up with they . they just happen . only thing I do be spice they up , add a little intrigue ... make ‘em better . nothing wrong with that . natalie well you have manage to convince yourself . paul only way to survive . over there . he point to a wooden door . ( 68 sq . int . newspaper archive - day . 68 a dimly light room line with large stack . Natalie and Paul be stare at a empty space in one of the shelf . paul I can not believe this . they be go . natalie they would not be anywhere else ? paul nowhere I would know of . they be startle by a creak . they turn and find the janitor mop up . paul ( cont would ) Excuse I . janitor yeah ? paul how long you be work at pendelton ? janitor oh , start in ' 69 , so almost thirty year now . Paul and Natalie look at each other . natalie can you tell we what happen at stanley Hall ? . the janitor suddenly look uncomfortable . he look away . janitor I do not know what you be talk about . paul do people die there ? janitor I can not help you with that . natalie look , this be very important . we need to know if it 's true or not . this be clearly not something the janitor want to discuss . ( continued ) 68 69 70 51 . continued : 68 janitor talk to Professor wexler . natalie why ? janitor he know more than I do . but do not tell anyone I say anything . he grab he bucket and mop and walk out . Paul and Natalie look at each other . int . newsroom - day . 69 Paul and Natalie be storming out when , suddenly , Brenda appear in front of they . brenda hey guy ! what 's up ? I be just pass by and -- natalie ( interrupt ) Brenda , I 'il talk to you later . Paul completely ignore she as he and Natalie walk out . brenda ( yell out ) I will be at the gym ! she hush , look none too pleased with herself . int . parker' room - day . . 70 sasha and parker , both nude , be completely entwine . the '' kama sutra '' book be propped up on the nightstand . sasha be writhe in ecstasy . parker look like he 's be crush parker . can not we ever just do it like normal people ? sasha ( moan ) parker , any expert will tell you the secret to long - last relationship be variety . ( continued ) 70 71 52 . continued : 70 parker I be just say , it would not hurt to get into the missionary position every now and then . angle on door we hear the faint sound of scratching . the door creak open and hootie walk in . he 's gasping . have problem breathe . he walk over to the bed and jump on . parker turn and see he . parker ( cont would ) what 's wrong ? hootie just stare at parker , helplessly . parker sasha . sasha ...enough ! disengage . there 's something wrong with hootie . sasha he 's just get excited watch we . now come on . hootie be now gasping heavily . sasha and parker both look at he when ... he cough . suddenly , a bloody finger fly out of he mouth , landing on sasha 's breast . sasha ( cont no ) aaaahhh ! parker aaaahhh ! int . school hallway - day . 71 Paul be bang on Professor wexler 's office door as Natalie stand against the wall wait . paul he should be here ... it 's he office _ hour . natalie I do not think wexler 's much into student / teacher interaction . he try the door . it 's unlock . Paul head inside . he motion for she to follow . she hesitates and then go ahead . 72 73 $ 3 . int . prof . wexler 's office - day . 72 it 's small and cluttere . a window look onto the quad . Paul be snooping around . natalie ( nervous ) what if he show up ? he ignore she and point to another door . paul what do you think that lead to ? natalie Paul we should go . he walk over and open the door . a black parka leap out at he . he jump . it be hang inside the door . they both laugh . he look inside the closet and he smile quickly vanish . paul ( cont have ) Natalie ... she walk over , look inside and freeze . angle on closet laying on the floor be a ax . we hear footstep approach and see a' figure 's outline in the door window . Paul pull she into the closet and close the door . it do not shut completely . int . closet - day . 73 they be press up against each other . they look heavily into each other 's eye . wexler be in the room . we hear footstep as he walk to he desk . we hear he shuffling with some papers . the closet door be slowly creaking open . they stare at the expand crack . the footstep outside seem to be head out . the front door open and shut . natalie ( whisper ) be he go ? Paul look out the crack . he Pov ( continued ) 73 74 75 76 54 . continued : 73 no one there . he nod . he open the door slowly and they walk out . int . prof . wexler' office - day . 74 Paul close the door behind he revealing ... professor wexler stand behind the door . prof . wexler lose something ? they turn around and freeze . natalie no . he look at they menacingly . prof . wexler then what the hell be you do inside my office ?! ?!? Paul and Natalie run out . ext . campus quad - day . 75 a overweight guy in a hurry dump a soda cup on the grass . reese ( 0.s. ) ( over a p.a. ) you might wanna pick that up . he stop and turn to find reese in she security car , talk over the loudspeaker . he nervously go back and pick up the cup . int . security car - day . 76 reese laugh to herself . suddenly , Natalie and Paul burst through the door of the nearby classroom building . she step out of she car . reese . hey ! what the hell ?!? paul reese ! it 's wexler . reese what ? ( continued ) 56 . ~ N 7 78 int . dean's office - day . 78 the Dean be sit behind he desk , stare dagger at Paul and Natalie . reese sit behind they , listen . dean adam ( sympathetically ) now Natalie , I know you be deal with a lot right now . suicide -- natalie tosh be murder ! he close he eye and tense up for a second then look up and smile . dean adam why do you two insist on create a unnecessary atmosphere of paranoia in my school ? hmm ? paul tell we about stanley Hall Dean . ~ reese 's ear prick up . 7 dean adam it 's a ... what do you call it ? a urban legend . you hear that on every college campus . natalie but it have to originate somewhere . paul be wexler involved ? the Dean be silent . dean adam Natalie , maybe you would care to sheda little light on something I notice on you file . . natalie what be that ? dean adam you probation for reckless endangerment . no response from Natalie . Paul look at she , eyebrow raise . ne ( continued ) for 78 continued : 57 . 78 natalie that be in high school . dean adam I know . happen after you have already be accept to pendelton . you be lucky . the admission office might have not look upon a criminal record very favorably otherwise . would you care to elaborate ? Natalie look at Paul then at the Dean . natalie no I would not . that have nothing to do with what 's happen . dean adam Natalie there be nothing happen except two , completely unrelated tragedy . now , I want to be as supportive as possible , but you be skate on thin ice right now . so I be request you take a academic leave of absence through the end of the semester . it will do you some good to deal with what 's happen , back home , with you family . natalie so that 's it , that 's how you be go to handle this ? by send I away ? the Dean be silent . Paul stand up . paul , let 's get out of here . dean adam I be not through yet . you nre off the paper Paul . this institution 's have enough of you inflammatory article . paul what ? you can not do this ! there 's something in the constitution call freedom of speech ! dean adam the constitution do not protect someone who wrongfully yell '' fire '' in a crowded theater . and Paul , you have yell fire one too many time on this campus . ( more ) ( continued ) 78 719 58 . continued : ( 2 ) 78 dean adam ( cont would ) ( a pause ) enjoy you weekend . ext . campus - day . . 719 the sun be now completely obscure by storm cloud . Paul and Natalie step out of the administration building . there 's a tense silence . paul reckless endangerment ... we be not exactly talk about run a stop sign here be we ? no response from Natalie . paul ( cont would ) Natalie , I just lose a lot in there follow you lead . so , maybe I have a right to know a little about you past . natalie it 's not something I wanna discuss . paul you do not wanna discuss it . okay . do you want to discuss my career option without a body of write sample ? because fyi Natalie , they be kind of limited . : natalie Paul , whatever happen , it do not change the fact that someone on this campus be kill people ! paul it do not ? I do not know if I buy it anymore . honestly , Natalie , I do not know if I ever buy it . natalie ( realize ) just look for the big story , huh ? paul you get it . but that 's over with . so ... write a letter to the editor . he turn and walk away , leave Natalie stand alone in the quad . 59 . 80 int . dean 's office - day . 80 the Dean be on the phone . reese be wait to speak to he . dean adam ( into phone ) oh yes , very , very well . enrollment 's up this semester and we have get record admission application for next -- reese Dean Adams ? dean adam ( cover phone ; serious ) just a second . ( into phone ) okay . no , all that 's be take care of . thank god. mile outside of pendelton . see you on founder 's Day . good-bye . he hang up the phone . dean adam ( cont no ) yes ? reese I be just think it might not be a bad idea to add a few extra guard this weekend . in case -- dean adam in case what ? reese anything should happen . dean adam tell I something ? what kind of frightening message do you want to send out to we student , reese ? I think what pendelton need right now be a few extra counselor so we can get on the road to heal . do not you agree ? reese that story about the massacre . be there anything to it ? he stare at she harshly . ( continued ) 80 81 82 83 84 60 . continued : 80 dean adam I think you should re-read you job description and stick to it . and listen to I and listen well ... anything happen on campus this weekend , you do not blink till you contact I first . understood ? reese ( hold back anger ) understood . she turn away and walk out . ext . sporting facility - day . 81 Natalie walk into the high tech new sport center . int . sporting facility - day . 82 it 's practically desert . video monitor hang from the ceiling . a news anchorwoman be speak . anchorwoman the storm be expect to bring up to eight inch of rain tonight throughout most of New England . local authority be advise resident to avoid venture out . Natalie walk up to one of the large window that look down into the pool area and peek in . her Pov Brenda be down in the pool , swim . 's Natalie knock on the window . int . pool area - day . 83 we follow Brenda as she swim . we see Natalie up above . the knock be inaudible . int . sporting facility - day . 84 Natalie stop and walk over to the door lead to the pool . it 's lock . she walk back to the glass and look down . her Pov the locker room door in the pool area open . a cloud of steam rush out and a figure in a black parka emerge from inside . ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 88 89 61 . continued : 84 close on natalie' face she 's overcome with panic . she start banging on the window . natalie Brenda ! int . pool area - day . 85 we only hear silence as Brenda finish she lap . the killer be stand at the edge of the pool , seemingly wait . int . sporting facility - day . 86 Natalie be banging as hard as she can . she look around . no one 's in sight . natalie help ! someone ! int . pool area - day . 87 Brenda reach the edge and begin to pull herself out . the killer be reach for something in he coat pocket . int . sporting facility - day . 88 Natalie turn to she side and see a small table . she grab it and smashes it against the glass , crack it slightly . her Pov Brenda , wear a one - piece lycra bathing suit that show off she taut physique , look up . at the same.time , the figure remove the parka , revealing a female swimmer in a bathing suit . natalie be freeze , hold onto the table . bad call . suddenly , a hand reach over and grab she shoulder . Natalie jump , startle . she turn to find a work -study employee . work -study employee um. Problem with the furniture ? ext . campus ~- night . 89 Natalie and Brenda be walk alone through the quad . ( continued ) 89 63 . continued : ( 2 ) 89 Michelle and she in the car , laugh ; the flash of the pass car ; Natalie argue with Michelle ; the car skid ; the dead young man . suddenly , a figure appear behind they . he trail they slowly . brenda and you and Michelle never speak again ? natalie a little at first . but I could not forgive she for what she do . and I guess I could not forgive myself for not do something more to stop it . Natalie be now in tear . Brenda put she arm around she . suddenly ... the figure jump in front of they face . it 's parker . he 's wave the bloody finger in they face . parker see , I tell you it be a practical joke . damon leave a rubber finger in hootie 's food bowl . natalie what ? . parker you know , so he can chew on . that choke dog legend ... brenda never hear of it . parker yeah well , when you get to be my age , you would have hear they all . that fuck . something could have happen to hootie . Natalie look away . she do not know what to say . parker ( cont no ) so you girl come to the party tonight ? brenda ( answer for Natalie ) yes . we will be there . ( continued ) ( '' 389 90 64 . continued : ( 3 ) 89 parker cool . remember , we be commemorate a massacre so wear all black . oh , and gory face paint be strongly encourage . later . he walk off . natalie Brenda , I do not know if -- brenda Natalie , a party be exactly what you need right now . I mean , what be you gonna do , lock yourself in you room in case some imaginary -- Natalie look at she . brenda ( cont would ) okay ... a possibly non-existent serial killer track you down and kill you like a urban legend ... come on , what 's he gonna do ? feed you poison pop rock ? Natalie smile slightly . natalie will you promise to stick around I ? brenda of course . unless I hook up with Paul . then you will have to fend for yourself . but since that 's destine not too happen ... you be in luck . they both laugh . int . newsroom - day . 90 Paul be clean out he desk . angle on desk drawer Paul open it up with a key and clear away some papers to reveal a old binder . it read '' pendelton Daily News - 1973 . '' he open it up . the first newspaper have a huge headline , '' massacre at stanley Hall . '' Paul turn to he side . he Pov ( continued ) 90 91 92 93 65 . continued : 90 the janitor be dump out the trash . they lock eye for a brief second before the janitor look away . ext . parking garage - night . 91 the Dean be approach he black Lexus , briefcase in hand . it 's the last car leave on the floor . we hear the chirp of the car alarm as he shut it off . he hesitates for a moment before open the door . he peer through the window into the backseat ... just in case . he laugh at himself and shake he head . he stick the key in the lock , when ... dean adam ouch ! he wince and jump back . he look down ... there 's blood gush from he right ankle . he stare down . be there something under the car ? he slowly bend down to look , when ... a switchblade wielding hand swing out and slice through the Dean 's leave ankle . dean adam ( cont no ) aaaaahhh ! he fall to the ground . blood be pour from the wound . he attempt to stand when the blade swing out again , slice the other ankle . he look back . the killer in the black parka be underneath the car . the Dean , he face glazd with horror , start crawl away . the killer roll out from underneath the car and grab the Dean 's leg . the Dean take he briefcase and swing it at the killer 's head , knock he down . the Dean hoist himself up but can not walk . his Achilles tendon be slice . he tumble down and drag himself as fast as he can down the decline in the garage . int . dean be car - night . . 92 the killer climb in and set the car in neutral . he turn the steering wheel and send the car down the decline . int . parking garage - night . 93 the Dean be almost to the pedestrian entrance . he 's out of breath and sweat . he turn around and see ... he car roll down in he direction . ( continued ) 93 94 95 66 . continued : 93 the dean crawl faster . he 's almost to the barricade separate the entrance from the garage when ... the car slam into he , crushing he against the barricade . CUT to : ext . frat house - night . 94 the storm be quickly brewing as rain pour heavily and flash of lightning light up the sky . craze college student be flooding into the house . a blow up corpse hang at the entrance . Music blare from inside . int . live room - night . 95 everyone be dress in black . some of the kid be wear ghoulish death makeup . everyone be drink and have a good time . the song '' rollercoaster of Love '' be play . close on hootie the tube of a beer funnel be in he mouth . parker hold he up as he happily lap up the beer . frat brother hootie ! hootie ! hootie ! hootie ! hootie , unable to drink anymore , pull away , get he fur soak by the splash beer . parker that 's my boy ! close on stereo sasha be stand there with a nerdy guy . she roll she eye at parker 's antic . sasha I swear , my primal urge for dumb lug with large genital be quickly diminish . the part , of '' rollercoaster of Love '' where a girl scream be blast . nerdy guy ( clear throat ; flirtatious ) do you know that this be a actual cry for help by a girl be murder ? ( continued ) 95 continued : 67 . 95 sasha ( sarcastic ) you be kid I ! nerdy guy yup . lifted right off a 911 tape . that 's why it sound so real . sasha I will never be able to listen to this in the same way again ! she roll she eye and walk away . angle on the entrance Natalie walk in alone . she look around and find Brenda . natalie well it seem rather tame . out of nowhere , a wet hootie scurries past they , drag the beer funnel with he , tooth clenching onto the hose . brenda spoke too soon . I '' go to the kitchen to get something to drink .... want anything ? natalie a beer . brenda you get it . Brenda walk off . Natalie turn around to find a old newspaper directly in front of she face . Paul be hold it . paul it 's not a legend . natalie where do you find that ? paul someone leave it in my desk . natalie who ? paul I do not know . maybe that janitor . there be one survivor that night Natalie . ( continued ) '' ~~ 95 96 97 98 68 . continued : ( 2 ) 95 he point to a picture of a young Charles wexler . the caption read , '' Charles wexler ~-- sole survivor of he floor . " , Natalie and Paul stare at one another . int . classroom build - night . 96 we hear the 0.s. sound of fall rain and thunder . we pull down a long , dimly light hallway where reese be make she round , check to see that each door be lock . a smash be hear around the corner . she quickly pull out she gun and get up against the wall , inching slowly towards the corner -- very '' Charlie 's angel . '' reese jump , gun draw , to face the possible foe . her Pov a open window be blow open and shut one of the office door . reese laugh to herself . she walk to the window , shut it . she go to close the door . the sign on it read '' Professor wexler . '' the door do not shut . she look down and see the end of a lamp peek out . reese be puzzle . she open the door . int . prof . wexler' office - night . 97 it 's completely dark . : reese hello ? a flash of lightning reveal that the office have be completely wreck . something be not right . int . frat house kitchen ~- night . 98 sasha be talk loudly to a couple of other girl as Brenda fill up a couple of cup with beer from the keg . girl # 1 so I hear the biology t.a. be in the emergency room last week . girl # 2 the cute one ? girl # 1 mmm - hmm . seem he have a furry friend stick up he poop shoot . Brenda turn around . ( continued ) 98 99 69 . continued : 98 brenda a gerbil ? girl # 1 you do not hear it from I . sasha I just want all of you to know , my radio show 's take a very strong position against gerbil . ( to Brenda ) do you see Paul ? brenda he 's here ? sasha I just see he chat Natalie up . brenda thanks for let I know . Brenda walk away . sasha turn back to the girl and they continue gossipe . int . frat house foyer - night . 99 Paul and Natalie be sit alone on the stair that lead up to the second floor . paul I be sorry I doubted you . natalie do not worry about it . we just gotta get a hold of the cop . . paul seem Dean Adams already beat we to it . + they think it be a practical joke . natalie Paul it almost feel like we be be set up ... like we be become a part of someone else 's elaborate urban legend . paul you listen to I ... the only legend we will ever be a part of be we own , very happy one , you understand ? they look deep into each other 's eye . ( continued ) ( 70 . 99 continued : 99 natalie most urban legend ... there 's some sort of ironic twist . paul someone get what they deserve in some unexpected way . I get it . so maybe , if this be we legend ... we have be get to that twist right about now . Paul slowly ease he lip unto hers . they kiss passionately . as they make out , we see a shadow come over they . Natalie open she eye and quickly pull back . it 's Brenda , stand in front of they , hold two beer . she 's not happy . brenda let he come to I , huh Natalie ? natalie no Brenda -- brenda here . it 's a light . she shove the beer in Natalie 's face , spilling most of it , and walk out . natalie Brenda ! shit . paul what be that all about ? natalie she ...has a thing for you . paul kinda figure . natalie I be go to get she . 100 int . prof . wexler 's office - night . '' 100 reese grab she flashlight and shine it on the office . she slowly walk around . a disaster . paper everywhere , a turn over chair . ( continued ) 100 101 71 . continued : 100 she walk towards the closet door slowly . she hold she breath and swing it open . angle on closet the ax and the black parka be miss . reese step back . she almost slip , drop she flashlight . she hold herself up against the desk . when she look down , the flashlight be shine in a pool of blood . int . frat house - night . 101 parker and the other frat guy be drink shot . Natalie approach he . natalie have you see Brenda ? parker yeah . running out the front door . Paul walk over to parker and whisper in he ear . paul look parker , it might be a good idea to end this party a little early . parker what ? paul ( whisper ) there may be a killer out there . it 's not safe , parker really ? ( scream ) everyone ! everyone ! listen up ! the music quiet down . people turn around and face parker . parker ( cont would ) Paul here think I should end the party ! boo '’s from the crowd . paul come on man . parker now tell everyone why you think they should go home . ( continued ) 101 102 72 . continued : 101 Paul look at Natalie . he 's on the spot . paul there 's a serial killer out there . the room burst into laughter . parker ( cont ’‘d ) and let I guess ... this serial killer be off people base on urban legend . paul that 's right . again everyone laugh . parker I have get a legend you may or may not have hear of . mediocre , attention seek , woodward and bernstein wanna - be realize he 's gonna graduate and end up write gardening tip for martha Stewart 's '' live . '' unless , of course , he find something to write about that will give he lot of attention and a possible job . aaaah 's from the crowd . Natalie stare heavily at Paul . parker ( cont no ) there 's not much happen in hicksville so he take advantage of he homicidal instinct and start kill people ina trendy , cover of time , very special edition of Oprah way . base they on urban legend . . Paul stare at he . paul yeah parker . do not sound like a bad idea . parker maybe you be the one that should take off and let everyone else have a good time . Paul nod then look at 's Natalie . one last time before walk out . int . prof . wexler ‘s office - night . 102 reese be on the phone with the Dean 's answer machine . ( continued ) 73 . 102 continued : 102 _ _ dean adam ( 0.s. ) please leave a message . reese hi , Dean Adams . this be reese . be you there ? hello ? she slam the phone down . she tap she finger on she desk , unsure of what to do . 103 int . frat kitchen - night . 103 a drunk parker 's pig out on leftover pizza and drink beer . the microwave be on . it sound like popcorn pop . the phone ring . parker ( mouth full ) hello ? ( no answer ) hello ? he slam the phone down and get back to the pizza when the phone ring again . 7 parker ( cont would ) what ! disguise voice ( 0.s. ) I be go to kill you . parker oh really ? he walk over with the cordless to the caller id . it read : '' damon brook : 618-563-0562 . '' parker ( cont would ) the call 's come from inside the house . this be very familiar . could it be ? a urban legend . be I right ? hello ? do not get shy on I all of a sudden , fuckface . parker start head out of the kitchen . parker ( cont have ) this be the one about the baby-sitter . she 's get the scary , harass phone call . and when she trace they ... they be come from inside the house ! 74 , oe 104 int . foyer - night . 104 parker be stand at the edge of the stair . he start walk up . parker ( cont would ) but ... ass wipe ... aren not you forget something ? I be not baby -sitting any kid ! disguise voice ( 0.s. ) wrong legend . this be the one about the old lady who dry she wet dog in the microwave . a loud series of beeps come from the kitchen . parker spin around and run back . 105 int . kitchen - night . _ 105 the microwave have just stop . he walk slowly towards it . stare at it . pop it open . close on he face a look of horror . he look away in disgust . parker ( break up ) hootie ! ( into phone ) you sick motherfucker ! he turn and run out . 106 int . damon 's room - night . . 106 parker burst in , still clutching onto he beer . the phone be off the receiver . he tear the room apart . parker ( hysterical ) damon I be gonna furnish you with a new asshole ! you hear I ?!? he walk towards the close closet door . swing it open . boom ! a basketball bounce off he head . he head out . 107 . int . frat house hallway - night . 107 parker stagger down the hallway , cup of beer still in he hand . there 's a close door . he swing it open . . he Pov ( continued ) 107 108 109 110 75 . continued : 107 a jock brother and a trashy girl be have sex . jock brother what the fuck parker ! parker sorry man , it 's just -- jock brother get the hell out of here ! trashy girl yeah ! parker sorry . parker shut the door . he take another swig of the beer . he hold he stomach . he look like he 's go to be sick . he go inside the bathroom . int . bathroom - night . 108 parker set the beer down and lift up the toilet seat . he kneel , about to throw up , when ... a glove hand grab the toilet seat and slam it on he head , knock he out . int . live room - night . 109 Natalie look up at the ceiling . she hear something . she look around nervously . . int . bathroom - night . 110 parker come to . he 's bound and gag . the beer funnel tube stick in he mouth . the killer hover over he . he grab a packet of pop rock from he pocket ahd pour it down the funnel . parker 's muffle scream be quickly eclipse by the sound of snapping and popping . the killer then grab a bottle of drano and pour it completely down the funnel . parker start spasming wildly . finally he stop . Dead . the killer remove the tube and tape from he mouth . Blue liquid and pop rock drool down the side of parker 's mouth , the only sound the crackling of the candy . he exit the room . 76 . - _ ~ od 111 int . live room - night . 111 sasha walk out of the kitchen and towards Natalie . she look impatient . sasha where the hell be he ? he know I have to be at work in fifteen minute and I be not walk in this rain . natalie look for the dog . you know wherever hootie be , so be parker . sasha can not find the mutt either . she look to a wooden keyholder hang on the wall . she grab one of the key . sasha ( cont would ) I be take he car . you need a ride back to you dorm ? rm Natalie think for a moment . natalie sure. 112 int . security office - night . 112 reese pick up the phone and dial " 911 . " she get a recording . recorded message ( 0.s. ) all circuit be busy . please try you call again later . lightn flash and thunder rumble outside . reese shake she head incredulously . 113 . int . parker' car - night . 113 sasha pull up alongside Natalie 's dorm . it 's barely visible through - che pour rain . sasha ... so you two wanna get jiggy with each other , but Brenda 's into he too . do you know how many call I have get about ~ similar situation ? ( continued ) 113 114 115 116 77 . continued : 113 natalie I do not know what to do . I do not want to hurt she . sasha well , what 's more important to you ? the best advice I can give you be to be honest ... otherwise it could turn into a bad Jerry springer scenario . gotta go . natalie thanks sasha . sasha anytime . call I at the station later if you be bored . come up with some scandalous question . natalie will do . Natalie get out of the car and run to the front door of she dorm . int . dorm hallway - night . 114 Natalie walk towards she room . it 's the first time she 's be there since tosh 's death . she put the key in the lock , hold she breath and open the door . int . natalie ‘s dorm - night . 115 still stand in the hallway , Natalie reach in and turn on the light . her Pov the room look the same . she shut the door behind she and double lock . she look at the wall where the message be scrawle . there 's a fresh coat of white paint , but underneath it we can still make out a faint shade of red . Natalie look away . she grab she walkman . there 's a flash of lightning and Natalie jump into bed , cover herself with the blanket . she turn on the radio and tune to sasha . dissolve to : int . radio station - night . 116 sasha be talk into she wireless mike . ( continued ) 116 117 118 78 . continued : 116 female caller ( 0.s. ) it just feel soooo awkward for I to go get birth control pill . so sasha , I do something really bad . sasha what be that ? female caller well my roommate have birth control pill . sasha so you borrow some . female caller not exactly . sasha she do not know ? female caller I have be replace they . sasha what have you be replace they with ? female caller ( lose it ) baby aspirin ... now she 's pregnant and I do not know what to do ! suddenly the line go dead . sasha hello ? int . natalie 's room - night . 117 Natalie be listen . sasha ( 0.s . ) can anyone out there hear I ? she sit up in bed . something 's not right . int . radio station - night . . 118 sasha start hit every button on the switchboard . nothing . sasha ( cont would ) ; ( into mike ) wvop , Voice of pendelton . ( continued ) 118 119 120 121 122 123 79 , continued : 118 Pan down to the window look into the engineering room . it 's dark inside . her reflection be clearly visible on the glass . sasha slowly walk towards it . she 's in front of she reflection . she press she face against the glass , try to peer inside . suddenly , the light in the engineering room glow brightly revealing ... the killer directly in front of she face . sasha scream . int . natalie 's room - night . 119 the scream jolt Natalie out of bed . int . radio station - night . 120 the killer smashes through the glass with the ax . sasha move away before the blade slashes she . she run to the door , try open it ... lock . . outside the door it 's be block with some office furniture . inside the booth with each swing of the ax , glass fly across the room . the open in the glass be get larger . sasha be banging on the door , look back in terror . int . natalie 's room - night . 121 Natalie try call sasha . she get a busy signal and hang up . she look worried . : int . frat house - night . 122 the nerdy guy we would meet earlier shh 's everyone up and turn up the volume on the radio . people be suspicious . nerdy guy listen ! she 's do a radio play to commemorate the massacre . aaahh 's from the crowd . int . radio station - night . 123 the killer 's almost break through the glass . sasha manage to open the door enough to climb through . 124 125 126 127 128 80 . int . station hallway - night . 124 sasha squeeze through the open , over the furniture . behind her the killer 's almost to she . sasha push back the furniture to keep he in . he start bang on the door . int . station lobby - night . 125 sasha run down the step and go to open the front door . it 's lock up . she start bang on it . sasha please ! if anyone can hear I ! there 's someone try to kill I . it 's glass so she can see out . the jogger we would see earlier be run past the station . sasha help ! , ext . campus - night . 126 the jogger run on , int . frat house ~ night . - . 127 everyone listen intently . sasha ( 0.s. ) please ... I do not wanna die . nerdy guy she 's a pro . int . station lobby - night . 128 sasha turn around . angle on staircase the killer be now at the top of the stair . sasha ( cont -d ) noooooo ! angle on sasha she look around --- the elevator . — _ 129 130 131 132 81 . int . elevator - night . 129 she run in and press 3 , the last floor , then pound on '' door Close . '' as the door shut , the killer try to stick he arm in , but it 's too late . ext . campus - night . 130 Natalie be walk swiftly in the rain , hold a umbrella . she 's head for the station . she 's listen to sasha crying on she walkman . int . elevator - night . 131 the elevator slowly go up to the third floor . the door open onto a shelf - line room fill with old record . she step out cautiously . int . storage room - night . 132 tremble , she walk slowly through the room . she spot a window and run to it . she open it up . climb halfway out . angle on ground it look like quite a drop . sasha one ... two ... just as she jump , the killer plunge he knife into she hand . disguise voice ( 0.s. ) Three . sasha be leave dangle off the side of the building as the knife hold she hand to the sill . she scream in pain as the killer pull she up and throw she against one of the record shelf , toppling one over . he walk over to she , hold up he knife . he go to plunge it into she chest . she roll over and the knife go straight through a celine dion album . sasha push one of the shelf on top of he , knock he down . she hobble towards the stair . as she make she way down ... the killer appear behind she and shove she down the stair . she crawl into the radio booth . 133 134 135 136 137 82. ext . radio station ~- night . 133 Natalie be banging on the front door . lock . suddenly , music plays on she walkman . '' rollercoaster of Love . '' she back away and look up at the window look into sasha 's booth . int . radio booth - night . 134 sasha back into a corner . sasha please , anyone listen -- the killer burst into the room . sasha ( cont would ) he 's go to ... aaaaahhhh ! int . frat house - night . 135 over the girl 's scream in '' rollercoaster of Love . '' we hear sasha 's scream . the remain party guest listen in . they start laugh . nerdy guy she remember the story I tell she ! int . security car - night . 136 reese be drive through campus scan through the radio station . it stop on wvop and the horrific scream . she can not understand what be go on . ext . radio station - night . . 137 Natalie be listen on in horror . her Pov through the window , we see sasha jump up . her last gasp . she press she hand against the glass . as she fall slowly , the blood smear . behind she we now see the killer . the song abruptly stop . another one start play .... blondie . '' one way , or another , I be gonna find ya ... I '' gonna getcha , I be gonna getcha getcha getcha -- '' the killer be look down on Natalie . horrify , she run away . 138 83. int . paul be dorm - night . 138 Natalie be bang on he door . no answer . someone slowly walk up to she from behind . Paul . paul hey . Natalie hug he . natalie Paul ... he 's completely soak . she let go and eye he suspiciously . natalie where be you ? paul I just move my car into the garage . the lot out back be flooding . what 's wrong ? Natalie break down . natalie sasha 's dead ! I see she Paul . I know he 's come after we . we have to get help . Paul be shocked . he run into he room pick up the phone . paul ( cont no ) it 's dead . God damn storm . Natalie , let 's just get out of here . . he get up and head for the door . Natalie stare at he then pick up the phone . he look back at she . natalie I be just make sure -- paul I tell you the phone be dead . you . do not believe I . tell I , if I be the killer , do not you think I would have kill you by now ? natalie I do not know , it ‘’d probably be smarter to wait till we be out of you room . ( continued ) 138 139 84 . continued : 138 paul better legend possibility , right ? she stay quiet . paul ( cont would ) come on , let 's go . she hesitates before head out with he . ext . campus - night . 139 Natalie and Paul step out of he dorm . they be huddle closely under a umbrella . natalie where be you park ? paul over there -- as he point , there 's a sudden flash of lightning revealing ... brenda stand in front of they . they jump , startle . she 's soak . brenda ( worried ) I hear sasha on the radio . what 's go on ? natalie Brenda , it 's no joke . there 's a killer on campus . sasha 's dead . : brenda oh my God . paul come on , we be leave . Brenda look at they both . Natalie grab she . natalie Brenda , I be sorry . but you be my best friend and I be not leave you here . Brenda nod and follow they . 140 141 142 143 85 . ext . radio station build - night . 140 reese run out of she car in the rain . she take out a large key and open the front door . int . radio station lobby - night . 141 she walk to the elevator and press the call button . look around . just as the elevator door open , there 's a blast of thunder . reese jump and look out the window , unaware of ... int . elevator - night . sasha 's dead body . int . radio station lobby - night . 142 as the door begin to close , reese turn and come face to face with the horrible sight . the door slam shut . CUT to : int . paul 's car - night . 143 the group be drive down the dark road out of campus . they be all silent . the only sound , the squeaking of the windshield wiper . Natalie grimace in disgust . Brenda be breathe through she mouth . natalie what be that smell ? paul dirty laundry . sorry . outside , there 's a brightly light Shell station in the distance . the same one Michelle drive past . brenda why do not we stop there and see if the phone work ? paul I just wanna drive straight into. town . natalie Paul , Brenda 's right .. the road be a mess . you should not be drive . he look at they . : paul fine. 144 86 . ext . gas station - night . 144 Natalie and Brenda stand outside . the overhead carport keep they dry . Natalie be lean against the trunk . there Pov Paul be inside , talk to the clerk . brenda I '' fine with you two together , by the way . natalie Brenda , I fuck up . I should not have do what I do . brenda no. look , I think about it . and I be not go to be one of that selfish , just - because - I - don 's t-have - a- boyfriend - doesn ' t-mean - you - can not - have - one - either type of friend . you two like each other . you should be together . Natalie smile at she . she go to give she a hug , step away from the trunk . brenda ( cont have ) Natalie . she point at the trunk . it 's unlock and there 's a piece of cloth stick out of it . Brenda walk over and start to open it . they both make a face as they catch a strong whiff of whatever 's stinking .up the car . together ugggh . Brenda open the trunk all the way . they eye widen . lying inside be Professor wexler 's body , he toupee stuff in he mouth . she let go of the top . angle on paul he 's still talk to the clerk . brenda like I say ... you could keep he . natalie we have to get out of here . ( continued ) 144 145 87 . continued : 144 paul be head out . brenda we be in the middle of nowhere . natalie yeah and you think he 's plan to drive we into town ? paul step out of the store . Natalie and Brenda smile , wave , then run the hell out . paul hey ! what the hell ! natalie and brenda run into the wood , back towards campus . paul start chase they . int . wood - night . 145 natalie and brenda smash through a thicket of branch , try to keep from slip in the rain . brenda ( cry ) Natalie where be we go ?!? natalie ( breathless ) back to campus . paul ( 0.s. ) ( scream ) what be you do ? the girl pick up they pace . Brenda 's lag behind Natalie . Natalie stop to catch she breath . she look back . Brenda 's go . natalie ( cont have ) Brenda ? she 's all alone . she scan the area . out of nowhere ... a deer jump over a fall tree , startling she . Natalie laugh , relieved . then a loud , . ghastly scream echoe through the wood . it 's Brenda . ' natalie ( cont no ) Brenda ! Natalie hear footstep approach . ( continued ) 145 — 146 ro ~ 147 -~ 88 . continued : 145 paul ( 0.s. ) Natalie ? Natalie start run frantically . she slip and fall down , then quickly get up . ext . road - night . 146 Natalie run into the road , cry . she 's catch in the headlight of a income car . the car come to a screeching halt . it 's the janitor . he step out . natalie help I ! janitor what 's go on ? natalie he 's after I ! please , people be die ! janitor get in the car . I will drive we out of here . Natalie nod and climb in . int . janitor 's car - night . 147 they be head out of campus . Natalie be hold herself , tremble . janitor oh my , this be horrible . he notice she shiver . janitor ( cont no ) I have get a coat in the backseat . put it on . Natalie turn around . in the backseat be a black parka . she turn around slowly . stare at he . janitor ( cont would ) it be not gonna bite ya . put it on . natalie no that 's okay . through the windshield the car spéed past a intersection . ( continued ) 147 89 . continued : 147 natalie ( cont no ) you miss the turn . janitor I know a shortcut . the janitor stare straight ahead , he face blank . Natalie be nervous now . natalie look , why do not you drop I off here . janitor what ? she go to open the door . he lock it . janitor ( cont have ) what be you do ? . natalie please , just let I out . janitor I be not gonna do that . Natalie furiously start bang on the door , try to open it . janitor ( cont would ) stop that ! what 's wrong with you ? through the windshield a car be drive in they direction . its headlight be turn off . janitor idiot kid . they have almost pass the car . Natalie look up and realize what 's happen . close on high beam switch the janitor be about to pull on it to signal they . natalie noooo !!! too late . the high beam 's flashed . the car speed past they . it 's Paul 's car . it make a sharp u-turn and start chase they . ( continued ) 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 90 . continued : ( 2 ) 147 natalie ( cont no ) it 's he . angle on side mirror the hood figure be drive the car . the janitor try flooring the accelerator but the car begin to lose control in the rain . he slow down . ext . road - night . 148 Paul 's car start slamm into the back of the janitor 's . int . janitor 's car - night . 149 the janitor be try to keep the car from skid out of the road . janitor what be he do ? ext . road - night . 150 boom . Paul 's car hit the janitor 's . int . janitor 's car - night . . 151 the janitor be try to keép control of the car . natalie come on ... Paul 's car pull up alongside the janitor 's . the killer be stare straight at she . he smashes into - the side of the car . ext . road - night . 152 the janitor 's car fly head first into a ditch . int . janitor ‘s car - night . 153 it 's quiet . the only sound , the rain raging outside . the janitor be unconscious . natalie hey . hey ! the killer appear at the driver 's side window . he 's hold a knife . Natalie scream . he open the door . she try open she door . it 's block . she roll down the window . the killer 'climb in . he swing he knife but miss . with ( continued ) 153 154 155 156 91 . continued : 153 one swift movement , Natalie kick he . he drop he knife . she climb out the window just as he 's grab for she . ext . road - night . 154 she 's run as fast as she can when she look back . her Pov Paul 's car be go and so be the killer . int . security office - night . 155 reese burst through the door . the intensity we see in she eye when we first meet she be back . she look over to the '' foxy Brown '' poster and lock eye with Pam grier . note : funky , early 70 's blaxploitation music score the rest of the scene . reese open up a drawer with a key and take out a wooden box . Inside lie a huge , silver colt .45 with a mother - of - pearl handle . she load the cartridge and clanks it shut . with one quick motion , she bend she knee , hold the gun straight out and point it to she reflection in the mirror . reese be one bad mama . ext . campus - night . 156 Natalie be run through the wet , desolate campus . she stop at a emergency phone , pick it up . natalie ( into phone ) hello ? it 's dead . we hear a faint 0.s. scream . . Natalie turn around . her Pov stanley Hall brightly light in a flash of lightning . Natalie drop the phone and walk towards the dorm . again , a scream . this time , the voice be distinct . brenda ( 0.s. ) someone ! help ! natalie ( cont would ) Brenda ? Natalie look from side to side , there 's no one around . she hold she breath and run towards the entrance . 157 158 159 92 . int . stanley hall - night . 157 Natalie climb through the break wood that board up one of the window and fall into the dorm . Inside it 's dusty and bare . a flash of lightning reveal some rat scuttling through the room . brenda ( 0.s. ) help I ! Natalie look up . Brenda 's upstairs . int . upstair hallway - night . 158 Natalie cautiously walk up the stair . again she hear the scream . it sound like it 's come from behind the close door up ahead . she open it up . it 's one of the old dorm room . she head in . int . dorm room - night . 159 a couple of twin-size bed fill up most of the room . there 's a break down desk to the side . Natalie do not see the door behind her shut she spin around . tries to open it . someone 's lock she in . she panic . there 's a couple of other door in the room . she rush to one , open it . suddenly , a beer keg propped against the door fall down . some beer pour out . it become more and more reddish and then parker' head spill out . Natalie scream . she turn to run and slip in the beer .. she crawl away . she 's up against the bed . another flash of lightning reveal a arm stick out from underneath the mattress . Natalie jump . stands up . she stare at the arm . slowly lift up the mattress ... ' the dean be inside the box spring . Natalie be in tear . she run to the other door . when she open it , damon 's body swing out . he 's still hang . natalie noooo ! there 's another room beyond damon . it 's light . ' she have no choice and must walk through the doorway , right up against he . . ( 160 161 162 163 93. int . second dorm room - night . 160 Natalie look in . it 's light by dozen of candle . she see Brenda lie on the bed . she walk to she . she 's dead . Natalie start cry . she sink down to the floor . a shadow rise over she . she turn around and ... a fist slam into she face , knock she out . fade to black . int . second dorm room - night . 161 Natalie regains consciousness . she 's tie up and gag in bed . she struggle but it 's pointless . to she side be a hospital operate room tray with medical equipment , include a large scalpel . the killer in the parka appear . take off the hood . it 's Brenda . she smile at Natalie . brenda gotcha ! Natalie look at she in disbelief . brenda ( cont have ) I must say , you have prove you friendship to I Natalie . come to my rescue without even a little pepper spray to defend yourself . very endear . Natalie try to talk through the gag . brenda ( cont would ) Excuse I ? I be sorry , I can not understand a thing you be say doll . now if I remove the gag , you gotta promise I you will not scream or it go back in . int . security car - night . 162 reese be drive through campus , big gun sit in the passenger seat . in the distance be stanley Hall . something catch she eye . her Pov there 's light flicker in one of the second floor window . she hit the accelerator . int . second dorm room - night . 163 Brenda remove the gag from Natalie 's mouth . ( continued ) 94 . 163 continued : . 163 a natalie you be fuck crazy . brenda I prefer the term '' eccentric . '' but yeah , I guess you can say I ’ma little nutty . natalie why ? brenda why ? why ? you still have not figure it out . well , lucky for you miss thing , I have get a visual aid . she take out a slide machine , the same one from wexler 's class , and turn it on . the image reflect off the wall opposite Natalie . she click . a picture of a young , happier Brenda appear . she 's hold hand with a young man . . brenda ( cont would ) there I be with my boyfriend . the love of my life , Natalie . have you meet the love of you life yet ? of course not , oo you be too self - involved to bother . close on natalie something in the picture be familiar . brenda ( cont no ) pic ringing any bell nat ? natalie oh my God . brenda ding ding ding . Brenda click the slide machine . a picture of a newspaper clipping appear . the headline , '' teenager kill in apparent gang initiation . '' brenda . marty Stuart be he name . the one you and you friend decide to have a little fun with , that one night . natalie Brenda , I be not -- ( continued ) 163 continued : 95 . ( 2 ) 163 brenda you be not drive . but it be you car Natalie . and you be there . do not you tell I something about not be able to forgive yourself ? well , I think , as a friend , I could help you out in that area . Brenda stare at the picture . there 's a trace of sadness in she eye . but just . for a second . she turn back to Natalie . brenda ( cont have ) the reporter immediately jump on the gang story because it be so much more interesting than a couple of ditzy cheerleader play a practical joke . natalie they make the correction the next day . brenda too late . the urban legend have already spread . you two never even spend a night in jail for what you do . payback 's a bitch , be not it , Natalie ? natalie please Brenda , you need to get help . brenda I tell you I already try therapy . obviously do I no good . I must say , I kinda enjoy all of this . play with you head . you use a urban legend to kill my boyfriend and now . Brenda laugh . she walk to the tray and grab the scalpel . natalie what be you gonna do ? brenda just my fave u.l. the kidney heist . you know this one do not you ? guy get pick up by a woman at a bar . they go back to she hotel room . she give he a drink . it 's drugge . he 's knock out . when he wake up ... one of he kidney 's be remove . supposedly they be sell on the black market to wealthy foreigner in need of organ transplant . do not think it 's ever really happen ... till tonight . ( continued ) 163 continued : she walk she go . t 96 . ( 3 ) 163 natalie you will not get away with this . brenda of course I will . I nve get the perfect murderer in the trunk of Paul 's car ... wexler . natalie you be sick . brenda this be he room you know . he probably sleep in that same bed when that crazy professor come and try to kill he . twenty - five year ago this weekend . it 's a pattern . tonight he do away with student and kill himself ... in the same manner as the course he teach ! it 's so clean be not it ? the symmetry of it all . well , enough chat ! to Natalie 's side . brenda ( cont would ) unfortunately , I have no anesthesia . sorry . you will just have to bite real hard on the gag and hopefully go into shock soon enough . natalie please do not do this ... brenda do not you want to become a urban legend Natalie ? all you friend be now . Brenda lift up Natalie 's shirt . brenda ( cont no ) now let I see ... be the kidney here or be that the liver ? I be always such a dope at anatomy . who care , right ? first organ I see ... I be grabbin 's it ! of stuff the gag in Natalie 's mouth . Natalie bite she hand hard . brenda ( cont no ) ouch ! you stupid bitch ! she slap Natalie . ( continued ) 163 97 . continued : ( 4 ) 163 brenda ( cont have ) I be really gonna enjoy watch you bleed to death . Brenda stuff the gag into she mouth . she take the scalpel and trace over Natalie 's skin . blood be come out of the cut . through the gag Natalie be scream in terror . brenda ( cont no ) Paul 's go to have he story after all . and I be go to have he . what do you think ? I be go let you take two guy out of my life ? paul ( 0.s. ) sorry Brenda . you be not my type . they turn to look . Paul be stand at the door . paul ( cont would ) saw my car next door . you be not as clever as you think . brenda oh great . I be run out of legend here Paul . what be I gonna have to do with you ? paul Drop it . brenda ( cont would ) from the look of it , I be the one with the weapon here so ... make I . reese step into the doorway next to Paul , colt .45 draw . reese with pleasure . Brenda look on , unbelievingly . she drop the.scalpel . brenda well , well , if it be not wanna - be cop . reese get you hand up and stand against the wall , you loonie- psycho bitch . Brenda grudgingly follow order . reese walk over to she . Paul run to Natalie and remove she gag . they hug passionately . ( continued ) 98 . 163 continued : ( 5 ) 163 paul you okay ? natalie no. paul neither be I . he start untying she . angle on reese and brenda reese be patting Brenda down . Brenda look down at she coat pocket . just as reese be about to touch it , Brenda draw a knife out of the pocket and slashes she . reese drop she gun . Brenda grab it . just as reese lunge for she , she shoot she . angle on paul he 's run towards she . she point the gun at he . brenda do not move ! oh pauly , you sure you do not want to reconsider ? we could be so ... cute together . paul sure I ’1ll reconsider . he walk towards she . brenda really ? paul ( sweetly ) yeah . just give I the gun . Brenda 's take by he . she start to lower the gun . they exchange smile . suddenly , he lunge at she . knock she down . a shot escape , puncture the ceiling . Brenda drop the gun . the two of they struggle on the floor . she 's reach for it , when ... a hand grab the gun . Natalie . natalie get off of he . Brenda stand against the board up window . ( continued ) 99 . 163 continued : ( 6 ) 163 brenda you be gonna shoot I Natalie ? huh ? what kind of friend be you . she go for Natalie when a loud bang stop she cold . another bang and Brenda fly back , crashing through the rotted wood board up the window . she land with a thud outside , reese , be hold onto the standard issue security gun she usually carry . her pant leg be raise and we see the hide holster . 164 ext . campus - night . 164 Brenda lie on the wet asphalt , motionless . 165 int . second dorm room - night . 165 Natalie look down . paul ( 0.s. ) hey ... can you give I a hand here ? Natalie turn around . she casually stick the gun in she coat pocket . Paul be on the floor , obviously in pain . she give he a hand . reese be breathe heavily , lie down . natalie reese ... reese ( weakly ; bittersweet ) get I in the abdomen ... think I have have to wait to be a cop before that ever happen . paul can you get up ? reese Hell no . go and get help ... quick . Paul and Natalie turn to leave . reese ( cont would ) and Natalie ... good work there . natalie thanks . ( continued ) ( ) 100 . 165 continued : 165 reese wink at she . 166 ext . campus - night . 166 Paul and Natalie be climb into he car . natalie wait Paul . we should make sure she 's dead . paul we do not have time Natalie ! he 's right ... maybe . she get in the car . 167 int . paul be car - night . 167 : they be head out of campus . Paul 's drive . paul I , a serial killer . good one . natalie sorry . paul I tell ya , when I write the story , there will not be anything leave to sensationalize . behind they we see something move . Brenda . natalie this nil become a legend too you know . paul you think ? natalie no doubt . it all change from person to person though . Brenda will become a guy , you will become a criminology student , not a journalist and I will end up in some insane asylum . Brenda raise a ax . paul ( cont would ) so ... if this be a legend ... at what point do we get to the ironic twist ?. in the backseat , Brenda be get ready to swing ... close on rearview mirror . Paul see she reflection . ( continued ) o 167 168 169 170 171 / 101 . continued : 167 paul ( cont no ) duck ! Natalie and Paul duck , just as Brenda swing she ax . she narrowly miss they head . she swing again , miss . it get stick on the side of the door . Brenda be go to grab it . Natalie let she seat go all the way back and punch Brenda in the stomach . Brenda and Natalie be fight in the backseat . Brenda swing open the back door . she grab Natalie by the neck and push she head outside . a tree stump be just a few yard away . natalie Paul ! he swerve the car , knock Brenda back . Natalie jump , as the tree slam into the back door . ext . road - night . 168 Paul 's car swerve into another road , head into the wood . int . paul be car - night . 169 Natalie grab reese 's gun . she aim at Brenda and shoot just as the car go over a bump . the shot shatter the side window . paul watch it ! Brenda kick the gun out of Natalie 's hand . she 's try to pry the ax out . as she do this , Natalie lean up and fasten Paul 's seat belt . they look at each other . he start speed up . ext . road - night . 170 we see the lake up ahead . int . paul be car - night . 171 Natalie fasten she seat belt just as Brenda pries the ax loose . she 's stand above Natalie . natalie so do you hear the legend about the girl who do not wear she seatbelt ? ( continued ) 171 172 173 174 102 . continued : 171 brenda no ... natalie neither do I . ext . lakeside - night . 172 a tree be approach . int . paul 's car - night . 173 Paul shut he eye . close on brenda she 's about to swing , when boom ! Paul slam into the tree . Brenda crash through the front windshield , fly out of the car . ext . lakeside - night . 174 Paul and Natalie slowly step outside . it seem calm when suddenly , Brenda jump up . brenda aaaahhh ! Natalie grab the gun and shoot out every last bullet . Brenda fall into the lake and slowly start to sink in the rain . Paul and Natalie embrace . they be completely soak . paul be this it ? natalie for we . but legend never go away . they just change . : they look towards the lake and see Brenda finally sink completely . guy 's voice ( 0.s. ) the lake be so cold , they have to wait a couple of day to get the body . when some special , extreme weather navy seal type guy could get over here and get it out . the thing of it be ... they never find a body . 175 103 . int . stanley hall - night . 175 six college kid , guy and girl , be gather around blake , a young parkerish frat guy who 's finish tell the story . they be sit in one of the old room . it 's light by candle . blake it be not there . everyone stare at he , wide - eye . then , at once , they all begin laugh . jenny bullshit ! blake it 's true guy ! happen right here at pendelton . I swear to God . hippie guy so why have not I hear it before . blake duh ... have you listen ? it all keep get cover up . dorky guy I have hear it . matter of fact , Natalie 's my old roommate 's cousin . trendy girl no , Natalie 's my brother 's ex - girlfriend 's sister . blake oh , you see ? this be how totally real storey become unbelievable . everyone have to add a little something to it . suddenly , reese appear at the door . they be startle . reese as you all probably know , this building . be off limit . so get you ass up and out of here ... now . blake hey reese ? reese what ? ( continued ) cy ) 175 176 177 104 . continued : 175 he look around . everyone 's wait for he to ask . blake nothing . they stream past she . she suddenly grab she stomach . a pain of some sort . ext . stanley hall - night . 176 the group be outside . jenny good - bye guy . thanks for another brain cell deaden session . hippie guy hey ... be careful out there . jenny I be shaking in my hush puppy . she walk away . ext . campus - night . 177 Jenny be on a darken walkway . her Pov the lake be in the distance . there 's some fear in she eye . she look away quickly . leave rustle behind she . she stop and turn . jenny hello ? be there someone there ? she roll she eye and laugh to herself . jenny ( cont have ) paranoid . she turn around . behind her , a glove hand reach out and cover she mouth . . her scream be muffle . we see a ax swing up and glisten in the moonlight and hear a loud thump as we ... fade to black . the end