by Jordan peele there be thousand of mile of tunnel beneath the continental United States ... abandon subway system , unused service route , and desert mine shaft ... many have no know purpose at all . a vhs static crackle give way to a fast - pace , energetic and date 80 's television promo . ( go to YouTube . search '' hand across America , MTV '' and you will see the follow ... ) stock footage : a magenta collage of different -size blink human eye . narrator ( v.o . ) imagine , over three hundred smile tooth in a row ... continuous ... a collection of different size smile fill the frame . stock footage : a arial view of the statue of Liberty . narrator ( v.o. ) -.. in a line that stretch from the statue of Liberty ... stock footage : a foggy view of the Golden Gate Bridge . narrator ( v.o. ) .-- all the way to the Pacific Ocean . stock footage : a large crowd of people . a iconic red white and blue rendering of the North american continent . the word hand across america '' lie across it . narrator ( v.o . ) hand across America : a four thousand mile long chain of good people ... a green animated line move leave to right in a jag route across the country . stock footage : a wave crash against a craggy rock . narrator ( v.o. ) ... from sea to shine sea ... stock footage : a arial view of Manhattan at sunset . the Empire State Building and the twin tower stand tall over the skyline . 2 . continued : stock footage : a San Francisco streetcar pack with gleeful tourist climb uphill . stock footage : a man read a newspaper with a two - page spread promotion for the charity supergroup band aid . stock footage : a behind the scene view of the USA for africa recording session for '' we be the World . '' stock footage : a arial view of a sea of writhe fan pack into a outdoor benefit concert with gigantic banner that read '' live aid . '' stock footage : a closeup of another outdoor benefit concert banner that read '' farm aid '' long with the slogan '' keep America grow ! '' stock footage : a closeup of a sullen 1980 's rocker in aviator shade , bandana , and tank top . stock footage : a undulate mass of shirtless sweaty concertgoer . narrator ( v.0 . ) a large white graphic soar over the crowd and land lower center . it read : '' May 25 , 1986 '' narrator ( v.o. ) on May 25th , six million people include some of the world biggest rock and roll icon will join hand in hand ... stock footage : a static , black & white image of a destitute bearded man slump over on a stoop . narrator ( v.o. ) ...to fight hunger in the United States ... stock footage : two hand emerge from either side of the screen over a image of a american heartland . they grip each other in the center of the screen . stock footage : two hand emerge from either side of the screen , over a image of the snow - cap Rockies . they grip each other in the center of the screen . narrator ( v.o. ) ... and MTV can help put you there . 3 . continued : stock footage : two man grip hand across the center of the screen overlaid on a stock image of a city seaport and the hand across america '' logo . chryon : '' call toll - free 1-800 - USA -9000 '' narrator ( v.o. ) learn more about hand across America ... stock footage : a buffalo stand in tall grass shake its head violently . stock footage : a large american flag wave in the breeze behind a gigantic telephone pole and its matrix of teach wire . stock footage : a man and woman hold hand overlaid on low Pov footage of marathon runner . stock footage : a man and woman hold hand overlaid on a static view of the Hollywood sign . stock footage : two man grasp hand overlaid on footage of a red tractor- trailer exite a interstate off-ramp . from the center of the hand the red MTV logo appear . it rotate until it reveal that the '' T '' and '' V '' be arm and hand grip each other . narrator ( v.o. ) .-. and watch for further development on M. T. V. end of promo ... Black . ext . boardwalk amusement park . bottle toss booth . night it 's 1986 . a colorful vibrant energy . pedestrian walk along the boardwalk past game booth and souvenir stand as a roller coaster scream by overhead . adelaide ( 9 , African american ) wear a '' hand across America '' T-shirt , and she hair up in pigtail . she hold a candy apple , and watch , she father , russell ( 33 , African american ) hurl a baseball and topples a pyramid of bottle at a '' bottle - pyramid '' booth . he 's clearly in a bad mood and take it out on the bottle . rayne , adelaide 's mother , ( 30 , African american ) clap obligatorily . continued : the booth attendant , danny , a stoner , feign excitement . judge by they physical energy , rayne and Russell have a huge fight earlier . Russell pick up a beer . danny great shot . you put some heat on that . russell thanks . I guess I miss my chance to go pro . danny you can get a prize from the second level or keep goin 's for a prize from the third level . russell what you think , addy ? should we stop or keep goin 's ? adelaide look at rayne . rayne do not look at I ; it 's you birthday . adelaide point to a T-shirt . adelaide I want that one . russell yeah alright . that one . Russell take the shirt , then take adelaide 's candy apple and hand it to rayne . russell ( cont ’d ) here ... moment later ... ext . boardwalk amusement park . MAIN strip . night adelaide lag behind rayne and Russell as they stroll down the strip . she wear a new oversize '' Michael Jackson 's thriller '' t-shirt . rayne ( to Russell ) that shirt better not give she nightmare . continued : russell in trouble for buyin’ my daughter a shirt . that 's a new one . rayne she get scared when it be on tv . you would know that if you be around . russell who let she watch it ? adelaide I be not scared . rayne you hide you eye when the people come out the ground . adelaide no . russell ( to rayne ) I need another beer . adelaide turn she head and see a drunk sailor , ted spill he drink on he white uniform . rayne mmmm hmmm . russell I can not have a beer now ? rayne you can do whatever you want . russell okay then . the rollercoaster rumble by again ; adelaide watch it . the scream startle she a little . they pass fast food russell ( cont ’d ) what about the dipper ? hey addy , you wanna try it ? rayne you know she 's not big enough , and I sure as Hell be not go on that thing . a table where two teenager , mandy and downey , eat like pig . continued : moment later , adelaide , rayne , and Russell arrive at the whac -a - mole booth . ext . boardwalk amusement park . whac -a-mole . night russell ' whac -a -mole 's ! this be my game . ( to the booth attendant , troy ) how many ticket , four ? troy yeah . Russell slam four ticket down , grab the tethere mallet , and start play . rayne addy , come to the bathroom . adelaide I do not have to go . rayne Russ , will you watch you daughter , please ? russell I be watch ... he 's not . he 's play whac -a -mole . rayne head off . adelaide watch Russell for a moment before she attention turn to the ocean . she walk towards the edge of the boardwalk . a young homeless man , young ferdie , lurk by the wooden staircase lead to the beach . he 's clutching a cardboard sign with a bible verse scrawle across it . '' jeremiah 11:11 '' be write boldly and Young adelaide stare at the number as she pass he . he look right at she . two teens , glen and nancy , flirtatiously play '' rock Paper scissor . '' they keep landing on the same combination over and over . glen oh my god nancy that 's impossible . they do it again . they land on scissors . glen what the hell ? continued : nancy how be you do that ? glen I be not do anything . you be . ext . beach near the boardwalk . night adelaide walk down the stair , and onto the beach where a few teenager act wild by a small campfire . adelaide pass by the teenager as she walk towards the water 's edge . ext . beach near the water . night moment later ... she approach the shoreline and scan the dark horizon . in the distance , a large cloud erupt in silent lightning . after a breath , she turn back towards the boardwalk . one attraction face she on the beach level underneath the boardwalk . it 's call '' shaman 's vision quest '' , a Native american mystical theme funhouse with a entrance that face the water . the facade be paint to resemble a forest with colorful image of spirit-animals and a large shaman who glare , point he finger directly at adelaide . Signs near the arched doorway read '' get lost '' and '' find yourself . '' int . / ext . vision quest portal - night adelaide walk toward the vision quest portal . ext . beach near the boardwalk . night she drop the candy apple which fall onto the sand . as adelaide get near the entrance , a thup or two of thick rain drop hit the sand . the crowd over at the boardwalk murmur . int . / ext . vision quest portal - night adelaide enter just as the rain hit full on . int . vision quest . forest room . night adelaide enter the vision quest , and go down a hallway make to feel like a magical walk through a dark forest . continued : the wall be dress and paint like wood , with the occasional eerily pleasant deer , rabbit and eagle . a cacophonous recording of nature sound play over hide speaker . a cast - plastic owl on a branch pounce out from a dark crevice startling adelaide with a '' hoo hoo '' . the owl emit a hiss of pressurized AIR and return to its start point . adelaide calm herself , and continue into the maze . int . vision quest . hall of mirror . night adelaide enter a room that 's still forest theme but also cover in mirror . she walk past several distort reflection . a short one , a weird one , and a weirder one . with a rumble of lightning the light go out , and the forest noise stop . what be kinda eerie when light become downright terrifying when dark . the only light come from the glow red exit sign . she walk towards it but hit a mirror . she look up . the '' exit '' sign appear forward and backwards , over and over again in infinite reflection . adelaide reach she hand out and try to make she way down the mirrore wall . she begin whistling '' itsy bitsy spider '' again to make she feel at ease , but she stop in near panic when a whistle from the hall overtake hers . somebody , somewhere in the mirrore labyrinth be whistling in a attempt to emulate she tune . something she size scurry quickly across the hallway . adelaide back up almost against a mirror . she slowly begin to turn 180 degree to face the mirror behind she , but her reflection doesn't turn !!! this be not a mirror , its the back of another identical girl 's head . Black . int . classroom . night closeup on a red wet rabbit 's eye . '' ug '' music : a child 's choir hum a dark anthem in a strange language . the song be melodic and bright . hopeful , but also unfamiliar and wrong . 9 . continued : we slowly pull away . the rabbit sit in a brass cage against a tile wall . we pull out to reveal more and more rabbit in cage stack one on top of the other . int . car . rural road . day we look out the rear window past stick figure sticker depict father , mother , daughter and son . the Wilson 's car travel through a rural road where wood and beach meet . ext . wilson 's bayside house . day the Wilson 's car arrive . int . the wilson 's car . day adelaide wilson ( African american , now 34 ) wake up in the passenger seat she look over at gabe wilson ( African american , 34 ) , a large man with glass who think he 's a bit cooler than he be , in the driver 's seat . gabe hold he finger in front of he mouth like '' shhhhh '' . adelaide know where this be go . they look at the kid asleep in the back , zora wilson , ( African american , 13 ) and jason wilson ( African american , 11 ) . gabe ( yell ) we make it !!!! the kid wake up in panic . gabe laugh . zora jason why ???? noooo. gabe ' Cause y’all sleep too much . ext . wilson's bayside house . driveway . day . the wilson emerge . adelaide look down the road ponderously . Jason start wander off . Jason go to the back of the car to get he bag . Zora check she phone . zora wifi be not work . 10 . continued : gabe you do not need the internet . out here you have get ... the '' outernet . '' zora good one . gabe hey , little man ! bag inside first . Jason run back and gabe hand he he bag . gabe ( cont 'd ) can we rewind she ? adelaide I do not think they work like that . gabe just one year . she laugh . gabe kiss she neck real quick and go inside . int . wilson 's bayside house . kitchen breakfast table . day we pass through the Wilson 's foyer . hanging on the wall be picture of adelaide at different stage of life with Russell and rayne . there 's one of she at fourteen in ballet class . there be also picture of Zora and Jason with they grandmother . gabe what do you call a cow with no leg ... Ground beef . zora ( dryly ) ha ha . gabe get it ? ' Cause he 's on the ground ? jason we get it . gabe ( 0.s. ) you should practice while you be here . zora ( 0.s . uch , okay . continued : 11 . gabe ( 0.s. ) what ..? zora ( 0.s. ) what ? gabe ( 0.s. ) why you get attitude ? zora ( 0.s . ) ( sarcastic ) I be sorry . yay , track and field . we find the wilson eat fast food in the breakfast nook . Zora and gabe power through they food . Jason sit quietly ; occasionally snap he right hand . he wear a plastic werewolf mask on he head . adelaide eat strawberry out of a tupperware container . she play with she food a little . no . adelaide whoa. really ..? you be over run now ? gabe you love track and field . zora what 's the point ? gabe the Olympic . zora I be not gonna make it into the Olympic . adelaide you can do anything you set you mind to . zora can I drive while we be up here ? adelaide gabe no . zora that 's what I set my mind to . I set my mind to drive . adelaide Change you mind . 12 . continued : zora why not ? Jason run off to he room . adelaide because we say so . ( to Jason ) Jason ! finish you food , please ! zora Cara and Haley drive with parent supervision . gabe you do not need to drive when you be a Olympic caliber athlete ... you run . zora my god. gabe you should run on the sand . zora why ? gabe ' Cause it 's harder ; no traction . you practice on the beach , when you get on solid ground , you will take off . adelaide be catch off guard by the mention of the beach . jason we be go to the beach ? gabe yeah ... later ... I think we have go when we be settle ... jason cool. adelaide what beach ? gabe Santa Cruz . the boardwalk . I tell you about this . 13. continued : adelaide no. you do not . gabe josh and Kitty and the girl 'il be there . adelaide and Zora share a eye roll . jason do we have to sell grandma 's house ? gabe look to adelaide before he answer . gabe well ... it 's not that " we have to '' -- adelaide -- we have to because school be too expensive , and come here once a year do not make it worth it . another awkward silence . Jason 's constant snap linger . zora what be you do ? jason it 's a magic trick . I leave it here last year . zora okay ... let 's see it . everyone look expectantly . Jason snap again ; nothing happen . they look at each other . jason this thing be bullshit .. gabe adelaide whoa ! Excuse I . gabe point at Jason . gabe you cursing at the table now ? jason ( mumble to gabe ) when you point a finger at someone else , you have three point back at you . continued : 14 . gabe what the hell be that suppose to mean ? adelaide I think it mean you curse at the table too . gabe grumble and go back to eat . gabe look gabe well it 's four finger , anyway ... four finger point back at you . zora one 's a thumb ... and it 's not point at you . gabe go to you room . at he hand for a second then brushes it off . int . psychiatrist 's office . day Young adelaide sit intense and still on a sofa . though the sliver of open door , she can see Russell and rayne speak with dr . foster . dr . foster I think she have Post traumatic stress disorder . russell what ...? she be not in nam 's ; she get lose for fifteen minute . dr . foster that can be very scary . rayne we do not know what happen to she . russell so , how do we get she to talk ? dr . foster I could meet with she once a week . russell mmm hmm . for how long ? continued : 15 . dr . foster I think we need to encourage she to draw , write ... dance ... anything to help she tell we she story ... but we have to be patient . rayne quietly weep . Dr. Foster pass she a tissue . Russell go to touch rayne but she pull away . Russell le russell I be gonna have a smoke . ave . present day ... int . wilson's beach house . live room . int adelaide lay on the couch look at one of Jason 's rubber spider toy . a real spider climb across it . gabe unpack with a pep in he step in a nearby room . gabe ( 0.s. ) ( on the phone ) yeah , we will see ... well , that 's a coincidence ... listen ... listen ... I be not gonna say anything but '' wait for it . '' you will see .. you ’1ll see ... int . wilson 's bayside house . foyer / live room . day gabe finish he call as adelaide look at the spider . gabe ( on the phone ) why would I lie ? alright ..? see you soon . he hang up . gabe ( cont 'd ) that be josh . we ’1ll leave in a hour . adelaide we just get here . gabe they stay a extra day so we could meet up ... 16 . continued : off she reaction . gabe ( cont 'd ) what ? you do not like josh and Kitty now ? adelaide eh ... gabe damn ... it 's like that ? okay . name one thing wrong with josh and kit -- adelaide -- they drink too much . gabe okay ... two thing . adelaide gabe ... gabe Zora and the girl get along . adelaide nope . gabe what 's the point of a summer home by the beach if you never go to the beach . adelaide there 's a beach just down that hill . gabe that 's not a beach . it 's a shore . that 's a bay . I be talk about a real beach . Sand ; a amusement park ; people ... adelaide there be weirdo at that beach . gabe realize there 's something deeper go on . gabe okay ... okay . i’1ll cancel ... just suck ... I know Jason be look forward to it ... first time back after grandma die ... I think be here be hit he hard . 17 . continued : adelaide ( begrudgingly ) we leave there before it get dark . gabe yeah . Hell yeah ; it 's gonna be fun . he go for a kiss . she laugh and playfully push he away . gabe ( cont 'd ) you do not have to kiss I . you be in trouble for later , though . he head to the door . she can tell he 's up to something . adelaide oh you think so ? gabe oh yes . adelaide where be you go ? gabe take out the trash . i’1l be right back . gabe hustle out with a mischievous smirk . int . wilson 's bayside house . hallway . day adelaide pass Zora 's room . adelaide where 's you brother ? Zora shrug . adelaide open the basement door . int . wilson 's bayside house . basement . day adelaide walk down to the basement . there be a washer , a dryer , and a table for fold laundry in front of a mirrore wall . she find a box and open it . they be picture of she as a child in a ballerina tutu . there 's also a old stuff bunny . 18 . continued : she smile with melancholic nostalgia . out of nowhere , '' Young adelaide '' spin through the space . this be a mini ballet practice studio . int . wilson 's bayside house . bathroom . day Zora enter and shut the door . she look in the mirror . she lean in examine a blemish when ... Jason burst out of a cabinet and scamper out the door . int . the wilson 's bayside house . basement . day adelaide watch she fourteen - year- old self , '' Teen adelaide '' dance , now with perfect pirouettes . footstep thump above . int . wilson 's bayside house . hallway . day Jason enter the closet . int . wilson's bayside house . hallway closet . day the door begin to creak shut , but he put a toy ambulance in the crack , prop the door open for a sliver of light . Jason pull he mask down and resume snap . after a few unsuccessful snap , he pause . int . the wilson 's bayside house . hallway . day Zora walk down the hallway and nonchalantly bump the toy ambulance into the closet with she heel . the closet door shut . int . the wilson 's bayside house . hallway . day Jason grab the doorknob from inside , jiggling it . it 's lock . int . the wilson 's bayside house . basement . day adelaide watch Teen adelaide dance when Jason scream upstairs . adelaide be startle . int . wilson 's bayside house . zora' room . day adelaide pass the open doorway to Zora 's room . she 's piss . 19 . continued : adelaide you can not help he ? Zora be lay on the bed with headphone on . she turn as she mom pass by . zora what happen ? int . wilson 's bayside house . hallway . day adelaide open the closet door . Jason sit there . adelaide oh baby . that 's why you can not play in there . Jason 's tear turn to rage . zora do not this happen last year ? adelaide Zora , please ... the moment be break by a distant buzz that start small but get closer . gabe ( 0.s. ) hey ! the three of they look at each other .. ext . bayside . day adelaide , Zora and Jason stand on the dock by they house . gabe , a pillar of pride , stand triumphantly at the steering wheel of a small motor boat that buzze around in circle . he beam while adelaide , Zora and Jason remain thoroughly unimpress . gabe well ... what 's dya think ?! '' craw - daddy '' ! adelaide ( unimpress ) wow . continued : 20 . gabe it 's get a cassette player and everything ... all it need be a new coat of paint ! they just watch he . he hold up a life preserver . gabe ( cont 'd ) hey , '' J '' , look !. it even come with one of this ! the boat engine sputter to a halt . smoke bellow from it . gabe go zora ( to adelaide ) he 's kid right ? adelaide ( under she breath ) he 's not kid . gabe hold up . he tell I how to fix this . to the back of the boat and pound it with he fist a couple time . gabe ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I get it real cheap ! adelaide I would hope so . gabe she veer a little to the leave , so you have to stay on it , but other than that it 's perfect ! adelaide you think ? gabe also , josh get a boat , so we can do a dual - family voyage . adelaide ah. I see . jason josh 's boat be probably way better . 21 . continued : gabe what ? adelaide he say josh 's boat be probably better . gabe it 's not a contest . it 's something I think would be nice for the family . zora but will we all fit though ? gabe okay , you know what ? y’all be spoiled . the engine start up again . gabe almost fall . adelaide and Zora be amused . int . wilson 's car . day gabe pout as he drive through a road line with redwood tree . the rest of the family chill in they seat . Jason snap in the back . Zora read . adelaide check in on gabe 's mood . zora do you know this country produce , like twice as much waste per capita as any other country in the develop world ? no one respond . Jason look at she dryly . zora ( cont 'd ) I forget . no one care about the environment . adelaide since when do you become such a tree hugger ? zora I be not a tree hugger . adelaide I like it . I be just say . Zora watch Jason continue to snap . 22 . continued : zora ..- maybe you could just tell we what 's suppose to happen and we can picture it . he keep snap . zora ( cont 'd ) I mean , at a certain point -- jason -- kiss my anus , Zora . gabe oh ! adelaide what ?!? Zora be shocked , and adelaide try to hide she smile . gabe why be we even talkin’ bout '' anuse ? '' jason '' anus '' be not a curse word . adelaide that do not matter . zora disgusting . gabe see I would have prefer a curse word in this case . jason ( to adelaide ) I can see you laugh in the mirror . gabe lean on the horn . gabe ok , you know what ? we do not always need to be talk . there be family that enjoy silence . the rest of they look around '' yeesh '' . adelaide know she family . she turn on the radio . '' I get five on it '' by luniz be on . gabe 's mood immediately lift . 23 . continued : gabe ( cont 'd ) '' I get five on it ... '' he groove in he seat . Zora and Jason share a look . jason what do '' I get five on it '' mean ? zora it 's about drug . gabe it 's a dope song ; do not do drug . adelaide Jason . get it in rhythm . she start snap to the rhythm . Jason follow along . gabe loosen up and sit dance sing along . gabe '' I get five on it ... '' Zora and adelaide share a look through the rearview mirror . adelaide shrug . Zora roll she eye in pleasant conceit . ext . redwood road . day the car drive past more redwood tree . int . wilson 's car . transitional road . day they emerge from the wood -line road and overlook downtown Santa Cruz 's amusement park , boardwalk and beach . the rollercoaster loom menacingly in the distance . adelaide hide she apprehension as they head towards the scene of she past horror . int . car . crosswalk . day the car arrive at a crosswalk . a crossing guard step out in front of the car and stop they . they wait while a line of on - leave sailor cross the street in front of the Wilson 's car . zora why can not I drive in the parking lot ? 24 . continued : jason you be not old enough . zora I be not talk to you . gabe hmm , let I think about that for a second ... no . zora why ? gabe because I cherish my life . as the sailor pass , adelaide watch the town go by and remain preoccupy with think . flashback ... int . rayne 's car . night rayne drive away from the rainy beach . we can not quite hear word but can tell that Russell be drunk . he and rayne argue . Young adelaide sit in the backseat in total shock . present day ... int . wilson 's car . road to amusement park . day gabe ahhh . damn it . adelaide snap out of she daydream . they have just turn a corner and end up stick behind a ambulance and cop car that block the street . zora oh my God . a couple of cop be take statement from local on the sidewalk who witness the incident at hand . two emt load a unconscious bleed homeless man into the ambulance . adelaide do not look . do not look . gabe you gotta be kid I . a cop wave the car past . Jason watch the man . 25 . ext . beach . by the boardwalk . day the wilson , have park , step onto the sand carry fold chair and other beach gear . as they walk , adelaide fight the urge to look behind she . eventually she steal a nonchalant glance back in the direction of where the ' vision quest 's be when she be a child . the attraction be still there , but it 's name have be change to ' merlin 's Forest . 's it still have the same '' find yourself '' sign , but the shaman have be replace with a old white wizard who still point he finger outward like a bizarro uncle Sam . jason be that guy dead ? adelaide who ? jason the guy in the ambulance ? adelaide ambulance mean he 's alive , right ? Jason , unsure , nod and start snap again . ext . beach . picnic . day they arrive at the Tyler family 's beach set - up : umbrella , chair , and a stock cooler already set up in tidy order . josh tyler ( caucasian 40 ) kitty tyler ( caucasian 40 ) sit . josh and Kitty be both a couple drink in . the Tyler twin lindsey and becca ( caucasian 14 ) play by the water . gabe ay ! kitty yay ! josh you say 2:30 ! where 's you efficiency , man ? efficiency ! gabe we get hold up . josh kitty I be kid , do not worry hey girl . about it . 26 . continued : adelaide we make it . kitty oh my God . Zora , you have get so big ! you look so pretty ? zora josh ( hate the compliment ) hey , Jason . you want a beer ? thanks . jason um ... kitty adelaide ( to Zora ) ( to Jason ) lindsey and becca will be no . the answer be '' no . '' happy to see you . ( to josh ) please give I a couple more year . kitty josh ( to becca and lindsey ) ( to Jason ) guy , look who 's here ! I kid . here 's a soda . becca fly a kite , lindsey do cartwheel . they wave . Zora give she mom a '' I hate this bitch '' look before walk over to they . ( cont 'd ) kitty hi , Jason ! Jason wave shyly as he walk off . later ... the two family chill on the beach . Zora sit near the twin who practice gymnastics . Jason play nearby in the sand . gabe and josh pal around , pour beer into plastic cup and crack each other up . josh have you take she on she maiden voyage yet ? gabe just ride she home . but we be gonna do the family thing soon . 27 . continued : josh cool . we could do a double excursion . gabe yeah , I mean , it 's small , but it 's a real classic design . josh hey , it 's not about the size of the boat ... gabe ..- the fuck outta here . josh laugh . josh Kitty ! Kitty who be talk to adelaide look over . josh ( cont 'd ) you hear gabe get a boat ? kitty oh ? cool . josh he say '' it 's small . '' I say , '' it 's not the size of the boat ... '' kitty ( to josh ) wow . you think that bare repeat . .? gabe he do though . he really do . josh screw all of you . adelaide glance back again still distract by the ' merlin 's Forest 's . Kitty clock it . kitty ' merlin 's Forest 's ...? adelaide I think that change . it use to be call ' vision quest . 's continued : kitty oh , how culturally insensitive of they ... adelaide yeah . totally . josh addy , beer , wine , vodka cran ? mimosa ? I get everything . adelaide do you have water ? josh um ... I have get ice . 28 . he hand she a cup of ice . then pass kitty a drink . he pull she drink away before give it to she . practical joke . kitty I hate you . ( to adelaide ) it never stop . I honestly think about murdering he sometimes . adelaide laugh . adelaide so nothing 's new . kitty actually . since you ask ... the old lame Kitty smile . she turn she head showcase she face from different angle . adelaide what ..? what ...? oh my God . do you have something '' do ? " ; kitty just a itsy -bitsy thing .. adelaide fuck off . you look exactly the same as you do last year . 29 . continued : kitty that 's the idea . a little bit go a long way . not that you need it you beautiful motherfucker . adelaide quietly do not accept the compliment . she look around the beach . kitty ( cont 'd ) stop . I can already tell the thing you think be flaw be so annoying . adelaide almost say something , but do not . kitty ( cont 'd ) what ? adelaide nothing . kitty I be kid . tell I ... adelaide sometimes I have a hard time ... talk . kitty you ever wonder '' what if ... what if thing have happen differently ? '' adelaide I do not know what you mean ? kitty you mean the what-if - I - never - get - marry - and-had -kid question ? um , yeah . I be have it literally right now . trust I . the girl have just get to the age where I feel like I can finally go to the spa once a week for ' I time . 's adelaide '' I time ? '' what 's that ? kitty it 's mandatory . 30 . down by the water ... becca approach Jason . lindsey do cartwheel . she land on the sand structure he 's make . lindsey ( to Jason ) oops . oh shit ! my bad . lindsey continue cartwheel back and forth . jason it do not matter . becca offer Jason the kite reel . becca wanna try ? it 's pretty dumb , but you might like it . jason um. okay . lindsey the wind 's good . Jason try to fly the kite . lyndsey cartwheel over to Zora who read on the beach . becca you brother 's so weird . zora he just have a problem focus . they look over at Jason who try to fly the kite while watch he own hand snap . becca be you go in the water ..? zora I be good . becca why not ? Jason get up and walk away from the water . zora where be you go ? jason to the bathroom . 31 . continued : becca / lindsey why do not you pee in the ocean ? lindsey jinx . ext . beach picnic - day Kitty and adelaide do not notice . kitty you ever wish you keep dance ? adelaide sometimes . kitty I mean you be , like , really good right ? adelaide I peak at fourteen . kitty do not we all ? Jason pass by they as he head towards the port-o -potty . ext . beach . port-o-potty - day Jason take a long walk past sunbather and other people to the port -o- potty near the boardwalk , become increasingly remote from the group . when he arrive at the port -o- potty a sour older lady emerge . he let she pass and then go inside . ext . beach . picnic - day adelaide continue with Kitty . adelaide there be this one competition where I do a piece from '' the nutcracker '' ... kitty I love '' the nutcracker . '' 32 . continued : adelaide you know the ' Grand pas de deux 's ? it 's the pretty one , at the end of the ballet . kitty oh ! where she fly into the prince 's arm . adelaide yeah . kitty okay , can I tell you ? I cry at that part every time . josh interrupt from afar . josh you cry ? really ? kitty ( to josh ) no one 's talk to you . ( to adelaide ) you be say ... adelaide the ' Grand pas 's be suppose to be a dance for two , but I turn it into a solo . kitty um ... that 's badass . adelaide nerve-rack . I think I have get disqualified , but when I finish the audience go crazy . I win first prize . it be the best moment of my life ... besides Zora and Jason 's birth . kitty the girl do not make my top ten , by the way . I be convinced I would be a movie star if I do not have they at exactly the wrong time ... adelaide start watch people on the beach around they as Kitty drone on . a guy chase he girlfriend who scream . a small group of people laugh hard . a teen play fight with he brother . each vignette seem to make adelaide increasingly nervous but she hide it well . 33 . continued : kitty ( cont 'd ) ... I train at stella adler and book two commercial before I meet josh , and totally stop audition when I get preggers . then the move to San fransisco be like a fuck career killer . the whole thing be suppose to be I would fly out for audition but that never happen . I put myself on tape for like half a year , but it 's really not the same . you have to be in the room for thing to fall into place . a red frisbee fall onto the towel they be sit on . adelaide be startle . kitty ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! ( to adelaide ) oh , look . adelaide look down . the frisbee have land perfectly on one of the towel 's large , print polka dot . adelaide pick it up , revealing the same color dot underneath . it really be eerily perfect . adelaide be quietly concerned . kitty ( cont 'd ) whoa . that 's crazy . we have be have so many weird coincidence happen lately . a guy run over to claim the frisbee . adelaide give it to he . guy thanks . he leave . adelaide look over and see the twin play near Zora . no Jason . kitty no '' I be sorry '' ? Dick . anyway , we should go back to we place . I think it 's ' vodka ‘o clock . 's adelaide where 's Jason ? 34 . ext . beach port-o-potty . day Jason come out of the port -o- potty and start walk back to the beach but stop when he notice something strange . a man stand face away from he on the beach about twenty yard away . the man have he arm stretch out at he side in a relaxed manner , like a yoga pose . other people walk around he , only occasionally notice he . Jason be transfix . he walk slowly and wide around the man try to see he face . it 's tense . ext . beach . picnic . day adelaide look around with increase concern . adelaide where 's Jason ? kitty ( look ) he 's ... adelaide gabe ..? where 's Jason ? gabe look around . adelaide ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) Jason ...?! Jason ...!! ext . beach port-o-potty . day Jason take another step towards the strange man with outstretch arm . he can almost see he profile . he stop when he notice the man have dry blood on he hand . adelaide ( 0.s. ) Jason ! !!! Jason run back scared . ext . beach . day Jason arrive back at adelaide 's side . adelaide where be you ?! jason I go to the bathroom . 35 . continued : adelaide no ! you do not do that . you do not run off without tell I ...?! she shake he . jason ow ! Jason 's shoulder be hurt . he look scared . adelaide look around . everyone nearby watch . she catch she breath and hug he . adelaide do not do that to I , understand ?! josh and Kitty look at each other . Little awkward . gabe ( josh and Kitty ) Long day . let 's get together tomorrow . kitty ( to the voyeur ) show 's over , thanks . ext . wooded road . dusk the wilson drive home . int . car . dusk the wilson be sun-beaten and tired . they be all still a little shake from adelaide 's freak -out . the radio be on . news radio anchor and authority be in a active investigation of several stabbing that occur earlier today originally think to be unrelated , but authority now say they be investigate possible link ... adelaide turn the radio off . int . wilson 's car . night the Wilson 's pull into the driveway . all be quiet . gabe suddenly turn to the kid in the back . 36 . int . wilson's bayside house . family room . night . gabe lay on the couch watch tv . adelaide close the curtain . gabe .»- you see they new car right ? he have to do it . he just have to get that thing to fuck with I too . Jason run down the hallway to he room . adelaide I guess mission accomplish . ( yelling to Jason ) do not run ! Zora come out of the bathroom and stop by jason' . int . wilson 's bayside house . jason 's bedroom . night as Jason land on he bed , Zora enter . zora Way to freak mom out . she leave . int . wilson 's bayside house . family room . night gabe you good ? adelaide nod unconvincingly . adelaide yeah . I be gonna say goodnight . adelaide start go down the hallway . gabe okay ... I be just wait for the Giants highlight . i’1l see you in the magic room . int . wilson 's bayside house . zora' room . night adelaide peek in . Zora be under she blanket . it glow with the light of the phone . 37 . continued : adelaide night night . zora goodnight ... adelaide phone off . after a beat the light go off . adelaide walk away . the light go back on . int . wilson 's bayside house . jason 's room . night Jason sit on he bed by he window . jason look . he point too he digital alarm clock which display '' 11:11 '' adelaide pause . adelaide past you bedtime ... Jason try to snap he '' spark starter '' adelaide ( cont 'd ) if you want , we can go into town tomorrow and get you a new one . jason it 's okay . grandma get I this one . adelaide enter and sit on he bed . adelaide mask off . she take he mask off rub he head and kiss it . jason you think I be dead ? adelaide oh. no ... I do not know if you be lose , or take ... jason by bad people , right ? like terrorist and psychos . 38 . continued : adelaide yes , there be . as long as you be with I , I will keep you safe ... okay ? Jason nod . adelaide get up and go to the door . she see a draw of a stick figure face another stick figure who face away from the first . adelaide ( cont 'd ) who be this ? Jason shrug . adelaide she go to the window and close the curtain . Jason look at she . he 's confuse but nod in agreement . adelaide , shook , nod as well . int . wilson 's bayside house . master bedroom . night adelaide stare out the window . gabe enter brush he tooth . gabe you know , I be think about get fishing gear tomorrow . four rod . we could all go . we could fish from the dock . of course , there 's the boat too . if we get out there in open water , just sayin’ , but I be not try to force anyone ... he notice adelaide 's stillness . gabe ( cont 'd ) hey ... she do not answer , just stare out the window transfix . gabe look in the direction she 's look , but see nothing . adelaide I want to go . gabe go ? where ? adelaide Home . I can not be here . it 's too much . 39 . continued : gabe you serious ? adelaide be here , it 's like there 's this black cloud hang over I , and ... I do not feel like myself . gabe well I think you be you . adelaide gabe , I need to tell you something and I just need you to listen . gabe okay ... adelaide when I be a kid I go to that boardwalk with my parent . I wander off . I do not know why , but I do . I end up in that hall of mirror , and ... flashback ... int . vision quest . night Young adelaide stand in the dark mirror-line hallway as we last leave off . she face the back of the other girl head . present day ... int . wilson's bayside house . master bedroom . night adelaide stare out the window . gabe 's on the bed . adelaide .-.- there be another girl in there . she look like I ... exactly like I . flashback ... int . vision quest . night adelaide stare , stunne by the back of what she think be a reflection . now the other girl begin turn towards adelaide revealing 40 . continued : a intense , hateful smile that pierce through the darkness . she 's shroud in darkness , but from what we can make out look just like adelaide . present day ... int . wilson 's bayside house . master bedroom . night gabe , on the bed , be confuse and silent for a moment . gabe you be in a house of mirror -- adelaide -- no . she be not a reflection . she be real . she ... flashback ... int . vision quest . night before adelaide can scream , the other girl grab she by the throat with both hand and scream in her face with gleeful rage . present day ... int . wilson 's bayside house . master bedroom . night adelaide confide in gabe . adelaide -..- she try to kill I . she try to choke I . I get away ; I run as fast as I could . my whole life I have feel like she 's still come for I . gabe whatever happen , it be a long , time ago . -- adelaide -- you know when thing line up ? the coincidence ..? since we have be up here they have be happen more and more ... I think they mean she 's get closer . gabe the girl who look like you ? 41 . continued : adelaide you do not believe I . gabe I do , I do ... I be just ... processing ... he look at she . gabe ( cont 'd ) you know I be here , right ? I mean , I be pretty sure I could kick you as , so if she look like you ... okay , not funny . my bad , I be just tryin' to lighten the mood -- the light cut out . gabe ( cont 'd ) ah , shit . adelaide no ! gabe perfect timing . see , this be why josh have a back up generator ... gabe start towards the door . Jason stand in the doorway . gabe be startle . gabe ( cont 'd ) Jesus . we lose power . I be gonna fix it . go back to bed . jason there 's a family in we driveway . adelaide and gabe look at each other . int . wilson bayside house . foyer . night adelaide , gabe and Jason stand out the front door window . four people stand near the edge of the property silhouett by the moonlight . they contour seem to fit the same familial archetype as the wilson themselves . on the leave , a boy : hunch and waver ; next to he , a father : hulk with head tilt oddly ; next , a mother : still and poise . on the right , a daughter : thin and sleek . adelaide watch in horror . continued : gabe ( to himself ) huh . now who be that ? gabe 42 . adelaide we have to get out of here . hold on . it 's just a family . you scared of a family ? jason .-- a boogie man 's family . Zora enter from the hallway . zora what ? adelaide Zora , give I you phone ? zora I be not on it ! adelaide Zora . she hand adelaide the phone . adelaide call 911 . zora who 's that ? gabe it 's just a family ... outside .. zora it 's stand . probably neighbor . you be kid I right ? jason I be scared . adelaide ( to operator ) hello . my name be adelaide Wilson . we be at 2311 seagull Way ... gabe whoa . you really callin’ 911 ? look. everything 's good . we lose power alright ? I be gonna fix it , and I be gonna find out what they want . let 's all try not to freak out . adelaide ( cont 'd ) there be four trespasper here on we property ... yes ... no we do not ... can you send we someone immediately ; I do not think we be safe . 43 . continued : gabe unlock the door . adelaide ( cont 'd ) gabe !! zora dad. gabe they probably need help . hang tight . gabe walk out . ext . wilson 's bayside house . front lawn . night gabe open the front door and step out try to look confident and casual . gabe out here tryin' to have a vacation ; my whole family 's lose they damn mind . the four figure stand there , evenly space , about fifteen yard away from the house . gabe ( cont 'd ) hey ! the figure look dead at he . gabe ( cont 'd ) can I help you ? nothing . int . wilson 's bayside house . foyer . night adelaide fourteen minute ..? no ... no ... tell they to come faster ... zora mom. .? adelaide okay ... yes , yes . hurry ! gabe ! 44 , ext . wilson's bayside house . front lawn . night gabe take a couple step towards the stranger . nothing . gabe if y'all be out here tryin' to scare people , you pick the wrong house for that ... gabe squint to try to see they face . gabe ( cont 'd ) ( lose confidence as he go ) okay , I ask you nice . now I be gonna need you get off my ... get off my property . gabe almost say something else , but the lack of motion or response from the stranger tell he something might in fact be very wrong . int . wilson's bayside house . foyer / live room . night gabe back into the house . he 's shook . that 's not how he expect that to go . gabe okay , let 's call the cop . adelaide I do . they be fourteen minute away . gabe what ...? fourteen minute ? okay ... Jason , get I the bat . jason the bat ? gabe the baseball bat ... the bat ! there 's one in the -- zora here . Zora rush get the bat from the closet and bring it to gabe . 45 . continued : adelaide gabe ... gabe okay , hold on . I be gonna try again . adelaide no. gabe it 's okay ... it 's okay ... gabe start out the door . ext . wilson's bayside house . front lawn . night gabe walk out . he mean business this time . gabe the cop 'il be here any minute. , so ... they know you be trespasp and harass we ... again , they do nothing . gabe ( cont 'd ) okay , well . suit yourselves . if I be you , I have -- all of a sudden , with a quick and coordinate dart , the '' bad family " break formation . gabe shudder . the '' bad daughter '' go leave , and the '' bad son '' get on all four and scurries right . gabe fall back instinctively as the '' bad father '' come directly towards he . gabe ( cont 'd ) hey , hey , hey ... int . wilson 's bayside house . foyer / live room . night gabe back up into the house and shut the door just as the '' bad Father '' arrive with a slam . gabe they be go around . be the back door lock ? zora my window 's open ! Zora take off run towards she room . 46 . continued : adelaide Zora , no ! adelaide leave Jason to pursue Zora . int . wilson's bayside house . zora 's bedroom . night Zora make it to she window and lock it just as the '' bad daughter '' climb up a tree with lizard speed . Zora start back out of the room terrify as adelaide come and grab she . int . wilson's house . foyer / live room . night the front door thump rhythmically . gabe I be serious , man you damn head !! t !! I will break I int . wilson bayside house . kitchen breakfast table . night Jason look at a nearby window . he get closer to the glass and try to peek out ... suddenly the '' bad Son 's '' head pop up close . he wear a rubber burn mask . adelaide rush in with Zora and pull Jason close . a sharp whistle cut through the silence . that familiar tune , '' itsy bitsy spider , '' terrorize adelaide . it 's she . the '' bad mother '' walk slowly past the window towards the front door . a few footstep thump on the roof . ext . wilson's bayside house . front lawn . night we still can not see they face , but the '' bad mother '' arrive at the front door . the '' bad Father '' stop banging the door she lift a rock near the front step . int . wilson's bayside house . foyer / live room . night gabe take a few deep breath while the family huddle behind he in the live room . 47 . continued : suddenly from outside a key goe in the lock ! adelaide the key . gabe what key ?! adelaide the damn '' hide - a-key ! '' gabe hide - a-key '' ? what kind of white - shit ...?!? the door open with force . gabe try to hold it shut , but the bad Father open it anyway . he swing at the '' bad Father '' who catch the bat and take it away , as if gabe be a child . he bring the bat down on gabe 's knee with a crack . gabe go down . gabe ( cont 'd ) aaaaahhhhhggg !!!! adelaide , Zora and Jason back up into the live room . to they leave , the '' bad Son , '' obscure by curtain scurries past the window . to they right , a Sky light crash . the '' bad daughter , '' fall into the kitchen . the '' bad Father '' and '' bad daughter '' back the wilson into the live room as the '' bad Son '' scurries past the window . adelaide hold she child close as gabe try to get up . wincing , he stumble back into the live room in agony . the '' bad Father '' follow he in to the room slowly , bat in hand . zora ( whisper ) Mom ? mom it 's okay . just stay close . the '' bad daughter '' turn into the live room . the '' bad mother '' enter . she be red , adelaide 's doppleganger . she walk in a calm erudite manner ; the clear head of she family . it 's dark . Red arrive at the chair in front of they and sit . she motion for they to sit . 48 . continued : the '' bad Son '' , smashes a hole in the back porch door window and enter . the Wilson 's sit on the couch . except for gabe who try to stand aid by the arm of the couch . the '' bad Son '' light a match in he hand with a SNAP . the fireplace erupt in flame . the fire backlight the '' bad family . '' the '' bad Son '' shuffles to Red 's side and sit like a dog . she stroke he mask head . we still can not really see they feature in full , but at this point it 's clear that this home invader be dopplegangers of the wilson . abraham , gabe 's 's doppleganger , seem a little out of it . his attention wander like a rampage killer lose in some kind of psychotic break . umbrae , Zora 's doppleganger , stand with perfect posture , sleek back hair , and a evil little smirk . pluto , Jason 's doppleganger , breathes thick under he mask . he carry himself like a animal . the entire '' bad family '' wear red jumpsuit with and sandal and one glove . Zora start freaking out . zora what ..? what ..? jason ( under he breath ) it 's we . gabe be not ready to believe what 's in front of he . gabe we do not have anything here . this be we summer home . we get in today , so -- . adelaide -- gabe ... Red clear she throat silencing gabe . she speak . her voice be quiet and craggy like it 's never be use . continued : 49 , red once upon a time , there be a girl , and the girl have a shadow . the two be connect ; tethere together . so whatever happen to the girl happen to the shadow ... when the girl eat , she food be give to she , warm and tasty , but when the shadow be hungry , she have to eat rabbit , raw and bloody . on Christmas the girl receive wonderful toy , soft and cushy , but the shadow 's toy be so sharp and cold they have slice through she finger when she play with they . time pass . they both get older , and one day the girl meet a handsome prince and fall in love . at that same time , the shadow meet abraham . it do not matter if she love he or not , he be tethere to the girl 's prince after all . then the girl have she first child ; a beautiful baby girl ... but the shadow ... she give birth to a little monster . umbrae be bear laugh . the girl have a second child , a boy this time . they have to cut she open and take he from she belly . the shadow have to do it all herself . she name he Pluto . he be bear to love fire . Pluto growl at gabe . red ( cont ’d ) so you see , the shadow hate the girl so much for so long , until one day she realize that she be not be punish by the girl at all . she be be test by God . int . wilson house . live room . night . gabe try to present a non-chalant tone , and pull Red 's attention off adelaide . gabe look , here 's my wallet . take the car . adelaide gabe . -- 50 . continued : gabe -- take whatever you want . Hell , you can take the boat , for all I care . zora ( through tear ) nobody want the boat , dad . gabe how about this . take I to the ATM . I will get all the cash I can take out , and you can go . we will not say ... we will not say shit .. gabe , who have be in denial of the supernatural element at play , lose steam . gabe ( cont 'd ) what be you people ? he finally get Red 's attention . she turn she head , disappointed with the question . red what be we ...? Red lean in . red ( cont ’d ) ... we be Americans . Red hold up bronze color handcuffs . she give they to Pluto who walk to adelaide and stand on the table . red ( cont ’d ) tether yourself to the table . gabe addy ... no . do not -- red ( to gabe ) -- or maybe I should cut something off of you . abraham take a step towards gabe . adelaide just do not hurt the child . adelaide put the handcuffs on one wrist and in connect they to the heavy coffee table . 51 . continued : gabe hey , hey ...! abraham grab he by the wrist . gabe try to resist , but he knee be jack and he 's simply not as strong . gabe ( cont 'd ) hey . do not touch I . get off ! adelaide no ! abraham pull gabe out the back live room door and off the back porch . it 's easy as if he 's drag a toddler in full tantrum . adelaide ( cont 'd ) okay ... okay ... red ( to Zora ) Little girl ... Zora shrink in fear . zora Mom ? red run. umbrae take a menace step towards Zora who get up off the couch . Zora look at adelaide who nod at she . Zora quickly run to the front door . umbrae slink after she . adelaide ( to Red ) you want I right ? ext . wilson 's bayside house . front lawn . night Zora burst out the door and run fast down the street . umbrae walk into the middle of the street and watch she run . she stretch she arm and leg . int . wilson 's bayside house . foyer / live room . night adelaide hold Jason tight on the couch . Red pet Pluto . red go play , boy . 52 . continued : Pluto hop on the coffee table and hold he hand out to Jason like a train animal . jason Mom ? adelaide no . he 's not go . red be careful . he have a temper . Pluto start to growl . adelaide hold it together , but she voice shake . she look in Jason 's eye which he divert . adelaide okay . okay . it 's okay . look at I . you be go to be okay . show he one of you trick . adelaide give Jason a look that seem to say '' be smart . '' Jason 's scared , but he stand . Pluto grunt jovially and follow he upstairs . red do not burn the house down . Red and adelaide be alone in the live room . they sit across from one another in silence . ext . wilson 's back yard . night abraham kick gabe , who can barely stand , down the back porch stair . abraham follow he down slowly . gabe ok , wait . wait , wait , wait -- abraham blahflabumbalavlamlubala !!!!! abraham knock gabe out with the blunt end of he scissors . he look over at some garbage nearby . ext . wilson's house . front lawn . night Zora be about 100 yard away and still run hard . at the end of the street be a house . umbrae slowly walk back and forth , stretch she arm in anticipation . she watch Zora get smaller in the distance . 53 . continued : gabe can be hear struggle on the other side of the house . gabe ( 0.s. ) no !!! no !!! int . wilson 's bayside house . foyer / live room . night Red watch adelaide hear gabe 's cry . int . hallway closet . night Pluto lead Jason into the closet . Jason move a sock in the door crack with he foot so the door can not shut all the way . int . closet . night Pluto breathes heavily under the mask . Jason raise he arm and Pluto do the same , mirrore he . ext . wilson's bayside house . front lawn . night Zora be now almost go down the street . umbrae finish pace and joint crack . int . wilson 's bayside house . foyer / live room . night adelaide what do you want ? Red watch she . adelaide ( cont 'd ) what ?! red year ago I have a vision . in this vision I see a line of blood on the soil that stretch as far as I could see . Red stand . she slowly walk to adelaide 's side . red ( cont 'd ) during this vision God speak to I . he say '' the only way for a soul to truly be free be to sever the tie '' . and he voice ... it be the most beautiful sound I have ever hear ... 54 . continued : a moment of silence . Red place she hand on adelaide 's head and slowly push it to the table . red ( cont ’d ) I call it '' the untether . '' int . wilson's bayside house . closet . night Pluto hold a light match . Jason be so scared , but start to lift Pluto 's mask . before we can see he face , the match go out . it 's dark again . Pluto strike another match and illuminate he awful face . it 's identical to Jason 's but the bottom half be cover in burn scar . Jason whimper . ext . down the STREET . night Zora be out of breath . her run slow to a walk . she turn to look behind she , but do not see anything . she turn forward and keep walk just as we see a shadowy figure come into view in the distance behind she , close in fast . after a few pace , she turn around just as the figure run wide behind she . again , she see nothing . crying , she turn back to proceed and find herself face - to- face with umbrae , who 's curl around in front of she . Zora scream . int . wilson 's bayside house . foyer / live room . night Red continue to adelaide 's face on the coffee table . red I have wonder if you do too ... see this day come . the glass start to splinter . Red be so strong . ext . down the STREET . night with little steam leave . Zora run around a car ; umbrae go to the other side of it . Zora see umbrae stalking she through the window . suddenly umbrae go down disappear behind the door . Zora terrify go down too . she look underneath but see nothing ; no foot . Zora look up . umbrae be on the roof of the car lean over she 55 . ext . OPEN water . night the motorboat buzy . gabe come to in pitch black . he poke a hole . he 's in a garbage bag , lie in the back of he own boat . he look through the tear hole at abraham who stand at the steering wheel with he back to gabe . gabe look around . the bat be propped up by abraham who also have he scissors in he hand . there 's a life preserver floatation device attach to a coiled rope and tethere to the boat . gabe start slowly and quietly to pull himself out of the bag . he peer behind they . the light of the shore be far and get further away . he reach for the floatation device and slowly pull it towards he . suddenly the boat 's motor cough . it 's fail . abraham turn as gabe shrink back into the garbage bag . abraham walk over . he do not notice the coil of unwound rope he 's stand inside of . abraham begin banging the motor exactly the way gabe do earlier . it 's be stubborn . gabe slowly crawl forward and get the bat . he sneak up behind abraham and swing just as abraham turn around , knock he off the boat . as he fall , the rope tangles around abraham 's foot , cinching into a knot . the floatation device and rope go overboard with he . gabe ha , ha ..! fuck you ! gabe hit the motor with the bat in triumph ; the motor revs into action . the boat take off , send gabe off the back and into the water . the boat drive away . gabe wade frantically . he look around , but do not see abraham . then ... suddenly , abraham surface and swing he scissors at gabe but the boat be now far enough away that the rope around abraham 's ankle go teach and he be pull away . gabe be leave there , bob in the water , as the boat pull abraham away on he belly , like a unwilling waterskier . gabe watch , as the boat whirs away into the dark , night water . gabe ( cont 'd ) Goodbye . int . wilson 's bayside house . upstair closet . night Pluto continue to mirror Jason 's wrist . Jason start he snap . Pluto snap , lighting a match . Pluto be intrigue . 56 . continued : the snap continue , but nothing happen . Pluto 's guttural breaths build to a angry grunt . ext . down the STREET . night umbrae get closer and closer to Zora . just then don , a large old man , come out of the nearby house . don the fuck ?! get off my car ! umbrae turn . Zora take the moment to flee back towards the house . don ( cont ’d ) come here . come here ... umbrae get off the car ready to pursue Zora . Don walk towards umbrae . don ( cont ’d ) hey , kid ! I be talk to you . umbrae stop at '' kid '' . now she 's angry . as Zora run , huffing and puffing , umbrae go down and sever he Achilles tendon with she scissors . he scream and fall to the ground . ext . OPEN water . night moment later , gabe hear the boat 's motor get louder again . he prepare himself and face the boat , but when its about 25 yard from he the motor sputter out again . the boat slow to a glide and stop near he . gabe look for abraham , but do not see he . the life preserver float by he . no abraham . gabe grab the rope and pull himself towards the boat . he climb up the back of the boat just as abraham attack he from behind . gabe hang on the back of the boat with abraham hang onto he . gabe hit the motor twice and it turn on . abraham , who 's torso be press against the propeller get slashed across he chest and face as he fall back into the water . gabe , exhaust , fall into the boat as it drive away . 57 . int . wilson 's bayside house . upstair closet . night as Pluto grunt , Jason begin snap . jason wait . wait . look . Pluto become curious and watch Jason 's hand . Jason snap faster and faster when , suddenly , the trick work ! a few spark fly from Jason 's finger catch Pluto entirely off guard . he 's startle . Jason use the moment to knock he over and run out of the closet . int . wilson 's house . foyer / live room . night Red hold adelaide down . the coffee table crack even more . blood start to pool on the side of adelaide 's face . int . wilson 's beach house . upstair hallway . night Jason trip and fall into the hallway . Pluto , confuse , get up and lunge towards Jason , but Jason pull the sock out with he toe and slam the door , just in time , with he other foot . Pluto scream . int . wilson's bayside house . foyer / live room . night adelaide and Red hear the scream . they watch each other for a moment . adelaide that 's yours . Red 's still for a moment . then , suddenly , she stand and leave the room head towards Pluto . now alone , adelaide leap into action . first , she try to get out of the cuff , but can not . she try to break the table with she foot . she see the fire poker across the room and go towards it , but be stop again by the heavy table . int . wilson 's bayside house . hallway . night Red open the closet . Pluto 's inside . he stop yell . he exit and look around sniff the air . Jason be nowhere to be see . Pluto skitter into Jason 's room . Red start walk down the hallway in search of Jason . 58 . continued : she take a step into Zora 's room . Red come out . she see the basement door be open and go inside . int . wilson's bayside house . foyer / live room . night adelaide see the phone . she grab it , dial ' 911 's again and drag the coffee table a little . as the phone ring , she slowly pull the coffee table towards the fire poker . recorded voice all of we operator be currently busy . please hang on the line ... adelaide be close enough to almost reach . adelaide come on ... she grab the fire poker , barely . she dart over to the coffee table and use the poker and all of she strength to quietly pry the wooden leg off the table . adelaide do enough damage to the coffee table to free herself ! int . wilson 's bayside house . basement . night Red walk through the basement look for Jason . she find the box of keepsake , pick up the stuff bunny and look at it . int . wilson 's bayside house . hallway . night adelaide look down the hallway . she see no one . she whisper . adelaide ( whisper ) Jason .... Jason ... she see Jason 's silhouette emerge from the cabinet in the bathroom . relief but as he come closer she begin to realize it might not be he . she clutches she fire poker ready to strike , but as he step through the moonlight . it be jason . just then Pluto scramble out of he room and towards they like a feral raccoon . adelaide pull down the bookshelf in the hallway block Pluto who try to scurry around it . 59 . continued : adelaide grab Jason and run to the front door . as Red emerge from the basement . ext . front lawn . night they shut the door hard , as Pluto get near . adelaide where 's Zora ? Zora ...! jason she run . adelaide bring Jason to the car , but as they get there , the light bleep . they look back . Red be in the doorway hold the key . zora Mom !! ext . wilson 's front lawn . night Zora run back , out of breath . zora she 's crazy ... she 's crazy . suddenly , they hear the familiar buzz of the boat . the Wilson 's race towards the dock . Pluto take off after they , on all four . ext . dock . night they get to the boat just in the knick of time . Pluto lunge at they , but miss . as the boat pull away , Pluto stop at the edge of the dock . he moan a menace angry moan at they . Red walk calmly down the length of the dock . as the Wilson 's huddle in they boat , umbrae arrive too ; back from she run . Zora scream . umbrae pace impatiently . she laugh at Zora . the wilson be silent with shock , except for gabe . gabe ( mutter ) this motherfucker ... this motherfucker ... this motherfucker ... 60 . continued : the boat drive away . Red , umbrae , and Pluto watch . abraham wash up on the shore . blood pour from the gashes on he chest and face . the '' bad family '' watch he body emotionlessly . umbrae begin to run in pursuit ; she disappear into the wood . Pluto stare at he father . int . tyler bayside house . live room . night the house have a modern , clean interior and the light be all on . there be museum-scale , elegant , abstract painting hang everywhere . a second level overlook the large main room below and turn into a hallway lead to the bedroom . josh sleep in a recline chair hold a glass of whisky . the power dim and then come right back on . the backup generator hum to life . josh wake up and immediately start drink . Kitty enter from upstairs . kitty josh ... josh look up to Kitty on the upper level . kitty ( cont 'd ) what be that ? josh what ? kitty I think I hear something outside . josh okay ... something .... kitty a rustling ... walk ... like a person ; a person outside we fuck house ... josh get up skeptically and go to the window . josh ophelia , light , up . a female voice come out of a circular white speaker . 61 . continued : ophelia turn light up . the light fade up . Kitty come downstairs . kitty and the light dip . I think the backup generator go on . josh why be you talk about the back up generator when you do not know anything about the back up generator ? kitty can you stop be a asshole for two second and look . josh and Kitty both look . he laugh . the Beach josh wait . do you see that ? kitty what ? josh oh my god. kitty what ?!? josh it 's o.j .... O.J. Simpson 's out there . she look at he . kitty what 's wrong with you ..? seriously . josh ophelia , play , Beach boy . kitty really ..? ophelia play '' good vibration , '' by the Beach boy . boy 's '' good vibration '' come on over the system . 62 . continued : kitty ophelia turn it down . ophelia turn down '' good vibration '' by the beach boy . josh it 's okay , just go back to sleep and everything will be fine . the twin enter , approach the railing along the mezzanine landing . lindsey what 's go on ? josh nothing . kitty Jesus . the back up generator go on and we be try to figure it out ; go back to sleep . becca just because we be in we room it do not mean we be sleep -- kitty -- Fine ! I do not care . go back to you room . josh I just wanna remind everyone that be leave at 10 be sharp ... int . tyler bayside house . live room . night josh turn to look up at he daughter on the mezzanine level . a third twin lurk right behind becca . there 's a moment of confusion . ext . tyler bayside house . night from outside look in , what commence next can only be describe as a seven second massacre . 63 . continued : Three more figure enter from strategic position . they , along with the '' third twin '' , be the '' bad '' version of the tyler . they quickly and efficiently subdue and stab they counterpart in the neck with brass scissors . blood splatter and spray against the white wall . the '' bad tyler '' stand look at each other for a moment . good vibration continue play . int . tyler bayside house . night Kitty Tyler be the still alive . she choke on blood as she crawl towards she husband 's body . tex , josh 's doppleganger , move in front of she and hold out he hand . she reach for it , but he pull it away sadistically , push it through he hair . kitty ( gargle ) please , stop . ophelia stop '' good vibration , '' by the Beach boy . the music stop . dahlia , Kitty 's doppleganger , walk over to she . she have stitches run down both side of she face and suppress a laugh with wild - eye intensity . Kitty be get weaker . the inevitability be sink in . kitty ophelia , call the police ... dahlia lean over and finish the murder . ext . the tyler 's bayside house . night adelaide knock on the front door frantically . '' fuck the Police '' by n.w.a. play inside . Jason and Zora help a limping gabe up the bayside lawn towards adelaide and the house . tex open the door in josh 's robe . adelaide josh , we need help . we be attack in we home ... tex 's jaw drop into a shocked expression ; like he can not even process . as he open the door , adelaide see some blood on he finger . adelaide step back from tex who project a overtly sympathetic face and grab she wrist . 64 . continued : adelaide swing she fire poker at tex . it strike he in the head hard . a trickle of blood roll down he face , but he 's still conscious . tex grab the fire poker and she wrist . he toss adelaide over the threshold and onto the floor inside the house . gabe hey !!!! dahlia and the '' bad twin , '' nix and io , pounce on adelaide and pull she deeper inside , towards the staircase . josh slam the door behind he , stay outside . he take out he scissors and drop the fire poker . Zora scream . tex look at she with sadistic glee . tex start make he way towards gabe and the kid . with each step he take , he make a different , taunting , exaggerated expression like some kind of evil mime . gabe ( cont 'd ) ( to Zora and Jason ) run . Zora and Jason , stunne , begin to run towards the driveway . josh begin to follow they with he wild - eye taunt . gabe ( cont 'd ) hey ! what be you do ?! huh ? you think you a man ?!? come get some then . come try , bitch ! tex can not help himself . he turn away from the kid and oblige gabe who back up towards the dock . tex delighted with the taunt , taunt back . he bellows a weird click noise at gabe . crazy tex click . click . click . !!!!!!! he follow gabe down the hill . the kid look back at they father who be successfully bait tex out towards the Tyler 's dock . they then look back at each other . Jason be about to cry again , but Zora hit he in the chest firmly , startling he out of it . a unspoken agreement ; they walk to the house . Zora pick up the fire poker off the lawn . 65 . int . tyler bayside house . master bedroom . night dahlia sit in front of she make up mirror . she 's lose , like in a marlyn Monroe haze . she apply make up to she crazy face like she 's at the peak of glamorous career . adelaide sit on the floor , now with both wrist in the cuff and bound to the dresser . she look around while dahlia be mesmerize by she Hollywood dream . adelaide accidentally make a noise . dahlia snap out of she daydream and look at adelaide with rediscovery . she approach adelaide and put she scissors up to she face . she try to decide where and how to cut adelaide . ext . dock . night gabe stumble down the dock where he boat and josh 's boat be dock . tex follow . gabe step onto josh 's boat . int . tyler house . master bedroom . night Kitty want to cut adelaide so bad , but she stop herself . frustrate , she go to the window . she 's wait for someone to arrive ; not here yet . she 's get impatient . dahlia go to the dress room mirror and put the scissors up to she face ready to cut into her own cheek . adelaide look away . int . tyler bayside house . live room . night Zora and Jason open the door . the room be a bloody mess . the original josh and Kitty Tyler 's body lay lifeless . they quietly walk through the live room towards the stair . they hear a thump thump from upstairs that stop they dead in they track . Jason pick up a heavy geode mount on a metal stand . he shrug . they push forward up the stair . as they get to the top of the stair they see a red jumpsuite twin cartwheel across the doorway at the end of the hall . Zora and Jason hesitate before continue down the hallway past the dead original Tyler twin on the floor . as they reach a corner a gallop quickly approach . it 's nix who run towards they at a alarming speed . she bare down on Zora with she brass scissors , but Zora whacks she hand first send the scissors skid across the floor . 66 . continued : Zora hit she again , send she awkwardly careen over the edge of the mezzanine and smashing through the coffee table below . they continue past a open closet when io 's leg lower from a handstand in the closet . she pop out lung at they , but Zora nail she on the head with the fire poker , knock she down . Zora wind up and finish she with two more whack . done . they adrenaline spike from the trauma , but they must move on . ext . tyler dock . josh' boat . night we see through gabe 's eye . crouched in the small dark cabin . the boat move as tex step onto it . he lean over into the boat . gabe face illuminate red as he shoot a flare gun at tex . the flare miss but hit the side of the boat and land in the boat . the flare illuminate the entire area as gabe get the upper hand and bashes tex . int . tyler bayside house . master bedroom . night the glow from the flare outside illuminate the entire bedroom . dahlia , rush to the window with a freshly bloody face . her eye widen with excitement and horror . a silent scream that lose itself in its own production and somehow end with a almost tickle glee . the door behind dahlia slowly open . Zora take a couple of step towards she and swing , but dahlia see she in the reflection of the window and turn , catch the fire poker . she overpower Zora , who scream as dahlia fall on top of she . adelaide no ! adelaide lunge towards they but be stop by the handcuffs . dahlia raise she scissors over she head , when all of a sudden , Jason stab she in the back of the neck with the pair he pick up . moment later ... 67 . ext . the tyler 's bayside house . night gabe get to the front door . just before he can grab the knob , the door swing open . it 's Zora , cover in blood . she 's exhaust and out of it . gabe ( relieved ) boat be do . I be do with boat . she help she dad in , and they shut the door . later ... int . tyler bayside house . live room . night the wilson occupy the blood splatter main room . gabe sit on the phone . Zora and Jason eat from a cereal box . adelaide fully handcuff , watch the window . zora I can not believe they be dead . jason why would they do it ? adelaide there 's no reason . it 's all just craziness . gabe put the phone on speaker . 911 operator recording ( 0.c . ) ... we be sorry . due to a overwhelming amount of call , all we operator be currently busy . please hold and a operator will -- gabe turn speaker off and toss the phone on the table . gabe how do 911 put you on hold all night long ? I do not get it . zora ( traumatize to herself ) .-.- it 's too many twin , man . jason how many of everybody be there go to be ? 68 . continued : adelaide look over to the tv . the rest of the wilson clock she and one by one turn they attention to the tv . moment later ... int . tyler bayside house . live room . night Jason find the remote and turn it on . the television click on show live footage of Santa Cruz building with light from siren in the distance . the chyron at the bottom of the screen say '' widespread attack in multiple city . '' distressed voice ( 0.c. ) ... the crowd be disperse and we ... gabe oh shit . jason do not curse . gabe I can curse cause I be a adult and this be a fuck up situation . distressed voice ( 0.c. ) ..- hear this woman say '' they be come out of the sewer ! '' and I know that some of they have scissors and be just ... stabbing people . so we just ... we start run ; everybody start run the opposite direction ... it be chaos . the anchor have a grim shakiness to he voice . news anchor ( 0.c. ) wow ... wow . and so how many of they be there in this group ? distressed voice ( 0.c . ) I do not know . a lot ? there be a lot of they . oh God . I hear people scream . news anchor ( 0.c . ) be you safe ? continued : 69 . distressed voice ( 0.c. ) I be sorry . I have to go . we have to get out of here ... news anchor ( 0.c. ) ma ’‘am ? ma’am ...? okay so there you hear some more harrowing first hand account that paint a picture of deeply disturbing and clearly connect event which be very much still in progress ... if you be just tuning in , there be still so much we do not know , but we can say with some confidence that we appear to be in the midst of one of the most brutal and terrifying wide - spread and coordinate attack this country have see . there be obviously a lot of misinformation out there , so we be be careful what we report , but what be clear be that there be multiple assailant and multiple casualty and one common thread seem to be the use of scissors or shear to commit this attack ... gabe and they look like we . adelaide they do not even know that yet . news anchor ( 0.c . ) to we knowledge , no group have take credit for this attack .... and ... we have new image come in . ( to he earpiece ) okay ...? okay . ( to the public ) we have new image come in from Chicago ... the television cut to iphone camera footage of downtown Chicago . a chain down line of people be form a hand - in-hand human the middle of a street . there be several dead body lay nearby . news anchor ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) this ... okay this seem to be a ... group of individual engage in some sort of demonstration or protest . continued : the other 70 . it 's not clear at this time if , or how this people be connect with the attack that be take place , but ... a new bloody doppleganger go to join the line . other '' tethere '' come from different direction to add to the line as well . the anchor be stunne and silent for what feel like a eternity . news anchor ( cont ’d ) ... okay ... zora what be that ? gabe that 's they . jason what be they do ? gabe ( to himself ) I do not know , but that would take a shit load of coordination . look at he . adelaide get up . adelaide we have to go . gabe what ...? you be joke right ? adelaide Zora , help you father . gabe ( to the kid ) she 's trippin’ . we be would we go ? zora the police , right ? adelaide no . we need to move and keep move .. we will take the coast . go to Mexico . gabe Mexico ?!? whoa , whoa , whoa . we have everything we need here . continued : she point too late . 71 . food , water , backup generator . we be as safe here as we be gonna be anywhere . adelaide tell that to josh and Kitty . they be right there . to josh and Kitty 's corpse . gabe you be scare the kid . zora jason too late . gabe I do not know if you realize this , but I be pretty f-- . I be pretty mess up . they do not know where we be . adelaide it be my idea to come here . she ’1ll have the same idea . gabe then let 's set up some trap . you know , like '' Home alone '' shit . that way -- adelaide -- tell I you do not just reference '' Home alone . '' gabe you know what I mean . adelaide gabe , they have be plan this . they have the upper hand . this be the time to run not to be sprinkle '' Micro machine '' on the floor . jason what be '' Micro machine ? '' zora what 's '' Home alone ? '' gabe we be stay and that 's final . 72 . continued : adelaide you do not get to make the decision for we anymore !!! gabe have no retort but still do not like it . zora do this mean we get they car ? gabe have not yet consider this tiny bright side . ext . the tyler' bayside house . front yard . night Zora and Jason help gabe limp out into the driveway . adelaide leave last . gabe the car key . zora Mom ! adelaide barely stop the door from shutting . int . tyler bayside house . live room . night adelaide open the door and ruffle through the bowl on the table near the front door . no key . adelaide give the place a quick scan and almost enter when she stop cold . nix be no longer in the wreckage of the break coffee table . adelaide , in terror , begin to back out of the house when ... she see the car key . it 's on the kitchen counter , all the way across the house on the other side of a large kitchen island . adelaide curse herself for do what she 's about to do . zora Mom , what 's ... adelaide take off into the house . int . tyler 's bayside house . live room . night adelaide haul ass through the live room and into ... int . tyler 's bayside house . kitchen . night adelaide circle the island and grab the key . she turn back to see a bloody nix jump on top of the kitchen island like a feral raccoon . 73 . continued : she hop towards adelaide who grab a fry pan and swat the live shit out of she , send the girl to the ground on the other side of the island . adelaide trip over josh 's body into the kitchen . she back up into the kitchen as nix scurries around the other way around the island towards she , pounce and then start choke she . adelaide reach for the pair of scissors on the ground nearby int . tyler 's bayside house . live room . night Jason burst through the front door and run across the live room . int . tyler 's bayside house . kitchen . night Jason get to the kitchen just as adelaide stand and pull the scissors from nix 's head . she hold up the car key and hit the unlock button . ext . tyler 's bayside house . front lawn . night the car light beep on . gabe and Zora turn . int . tyler 's bayside house . live room . night adelaide grab Jason 's hand and run . ext . tyler 's bayside house . front lawn . night in slow-motion adelaide and Jason emerge from the house . they get to the car where Zora be in the driver 's seat . zora I be drive . adelaide no way . gabe I tell she , ' no . 's zora dad 's leg be jack ; you be handcuff . it 's not safe ; I be drive . continued : adelaide Zora , no ! zora I have get the high kill count in the whole family . I be drive . adelaide you do not have the high kill count . zora I kill both twin . adelaide wrong . I just kill the second one . jason I kill Kitty . gabe point around and land on himself . umbrae have light up by the headlight . adelaide quickly gabe so that 's , one , one , one and two . kill two . I kill myself and josh . adelaide it do not matter . Zora get out . jason look ! 74 . I arrive . she stand thirty foot ahead of the car backseat of the car . int . tyler 's car . night get in the the family be silent as umbrae stand there . they lock there door . Zora do . gabe Press the ignition . gabe ( cont 'd ) okay , so you be gonna want to back up and -- 75 . continued : zora buckle up . int . tyler 's car . night Zora throw the car into gear and floor it straight towards umbrae . the car speed at umbrae who run at the car . when the two meet , umbrae crawl up the hood with startling agility . adelaide , Jason , and gabe look back , to see she fall behind . she do not . zora where be she ? do I get she . they slowly look up . gabe open upholster cover for the sunroof . nothing . then , with a clink , umbrae come down on the sunroof with she scissor which break a inch through the tinted glass . gabe oh ! she 's there ! she 's there ! Zora stop the car . umbrae , hold on to the scissors firmly stick in the sunroof , swing to the wind shield as the car stop . she pull she scissors out and now , face to face with Zora through the glass , stab at the windshield which splinter a little . gabe ( cont 'd ) okay , now -- Zora hit the gas again the family reel back as the car take off again . umbrae stab again . adelaide Zora ! gabe okay , be careful . umbrae stab the windshield again splintering it further . the car speed faster . gabe ( cont 'd ) you be go too fast . umbrae raise one arm for another stab . Zora hit the windshield wiper which hit umbrae 's other arm , knock it away . 76 . int . / ext . tyler 's car . night before she can attack again , Zora hit the brake and umbrae fly into the wood at a turn in the road . Zora stare in shock . adelaide okay . okay , baby . good job . after a beat . gabe you will wanna get in the habit of signal . they look at gabe . adelaide grab the fire poker and get out of the car . jason where 's she go ? gabe hey , uh addy . ext . wood . night / dawn adelaide look into the clear . she find herself face to face with umbrae 's face upside down . her body disappear into the tree . she stop herself before get within arm distance . umbrae 's back be twisted and break , but she 's still alive . the image hit adelaide harder than she have expect . she kneel . umbrae reach for she , enraged . adelaide shhh .... shhhhh . umbrae 's breath slow . she die . ext . tyler 's car . night honk honk adelaide go to Zora 's door . adelaide you okay ? Zora nod and start to break down . adelaide ( cont 'd ) okay ... now get in the back . 77 . continued : Zora slide out of the front seat and get in the back . int . tyler 's car . dawn the wilson drive in silence on the empty road . they sit in shock . the trauma have leave they almost numb . the scene look like the aftermath of a very bad day at disneyland . ext . santa cruz STREET . day the town seem absent of people . the Wilson 's drive the Tyler 's car past a park car in which all inhabitant be dead . int . / ext . tyler 's car . santa cruz STREET . day Jason , in the backseat , try he magic trick . he snap and eventually a big spark shoot from he finger . surprise he do it , he look around for someone else who see it . Zora give he a bloody fist bump . suddenly , Jason get a weird look on he face . he look ahead . the car turn a bend to find that the Wilson 's old car be in flame , park so that it block the road . adelaide stop the car . gabe woah . zora that 's we car . jason it 's he . it 's the one that look like I . suddenly . the leave rear tire pop then hiss as it loose air , follow by the front leave tire popping and hissing . adelaide shift into reverse . cripple , the car back up , and Pluto emerge in front of they in the beam of the headlight , hold he scissors , as the car make a sad curve to the leave and onto the curb . adelaide shit . adelaide stop the car . Pluto stand in the road between they and the flame car . 78 . continued : adelaide grab the fire poker and step out . gabe zora wait . Mom , no . adelaide stay in the car . ext . STREET . day adelaide walk towards Pluto who step back away from she . adelaide it 's okay ... you do not have to be afraid . I just want to talk to you ... Pluto cock he head . cautiously intrigue . int . tyler' car . day gabe , Zora , and Jason watch on . gabe what be she do ? zora she 's talk to he . ext . road . day adelaide get closer . adelaide nobody be go to hurt you . just put it down . Pluto look at he weapon , then back at adelaide . he 's confuse . he take a step away from she , then stop . he lift he mask revealing the burn mark . adelaide ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . adelaide , carefully clutching she fire poker walk towards Pluto . adelaide ( cont 'd ) you do not have to do this ... she put she hand out . Pluto he hold he hand out . adelaide take another cautious step towards he . 79 . int . tyler 's car . day gabe he 's listen to she . Jason watch . ext . road . day Pluto lean out , look past adelaide , at the car . he make eye contact with Jason in the back seat .. int . tyler 's car . day jason no ... it 's a trick . Jason get out of the car . gabe Jason ! ext . STREET . day Pluto pull down he mask . he clenches he scissors . Jason stop outside the car and Pluto match he physicality . realizing that Pluto be mirrore he , Jason take a step backwards . Pluto follow suit . Jason start walk backwards ; Pluto copy he walk into the fire . gabe crumple out of the car . adelaide almost instinctively lunge after he . Pluto go up in flame . just then , Red , camouflage by a red truck grab Jason and run ... adelaide turn but do not see Jason . adelaide Jason . she run . gabe try to limp towards the darkness where Red take Jason . Zora exit too , but do not make it very far before she lose sight of Jason and break down . she scream . adelaide do not stop . 80 . continued : gabe addy ! adelaide run towards the amusement park . ext . boardwalk . day adelaide walk briskly down the empty boardwalk . a few body 's body litter the ground . ext . beach by boardwalk . day in the near distance , a line of people hold hand , face away from she . the line extend from the water 's edge to past the amusement park and into the distance . one of the man on the line be the man Jason see earlier . he have the same face as the homeless man who be stab in the beginning . adelaide turn to the '' merlin 's Forest '' entrance and walk inside it . int . merlin 's forest . mirror room . day adelaide walk into the dark maze . it 's the same as before inside . she retrace she step from 25 year earlier . she find she way to the same corridor where the attack occur . she walk through the dark open Young Red come from . she find a wall and push the surface and it open a crack and then the door swing open . a white rabbit hop out of the open door at adelaide 's foot . adelaide step over the rabbit and cautiously into the empty dark space . int . control room . day she 's ready to strike . Inside be a maintenance and technical control room . at the end of the control room there 's wall . she push it and it open like a door revealing ... int . escalator room ( top ) . day adelaide get on a downward move escalator . 175 81 . int . escalator . day adelaide stand and wait . she move down though the darkness . eventually she see light below . int . the underpass . escalator landing . day 175 adelaide exit into a room that look like a corner of a underground mall . she turn a corner into - int . the underpass . MAIN tunnel . day the tunnel feel like a publicly fund underground compound . the only being who seem to populate it now be rabbit which hop around freely on the ground . all the door be open . adelaide walk cautiously , step past and over rabbit down the hallway . int . the underpass . day adelaide walk down the hallway . she pass the first open door . the cafeteria be empty of people . the rabbit cage be all open and empty . she keep walk and pass the next door . it 's a empty room with row of table . each table have crude sewing equipment , rabbit fur , and pelt . it 's a tidy and uniform sweat shop style workspace . adelaide keep walk . ext . STREET . day Zora help gabe hobble towards the boardwalk . body be scattered . the sun rise . she hold she golf club and jason 's geode . zora what do it sound like when a pterodactyl go to the bathroom ? gabe what ? zora nothing . the '' p '' be silent . 82 . continued : gabe the '' p '' ? there 's no '' p '' in pterodactyl . zora yes there be . zora ( cont 'd ) who 's gonna clean all this up ? gabe not I . zora be it the end of the world ? gabe Nah . the world be not gonna end . it 's just gonna be different -- Zora stop and cry . zora I do not want it to be different . gabe Mom 's ... Mom know what to do , okay ? she say meet she . she know .... he get choke up , but stuff it down . Zora continue . they arrive near the boardwalk . a abandon ambulance be park in the street , its rear door open . gabe ( cont 'd ) here . we can wait here . they get bandage and stuff . zora look . gabe do . Far head of they be the line of people hold each other bloody hand . the line start at the shore and disappear through the city . gabe get in . they hide in the back of the ambulance . they peek out . another woman add herself to the stoic , frightening scene . Zora start to panic . 83 . continued : gabe ( cont 'd ) yeah , that 's some ... that 's some scary shit . zora what be they do ? gabe look like some kind of ... fuck up performance art . Zora look at she dad like '' you have get to be kid I . '' int . the underpass . classroom hallway . day deeper in '' the underpass , '' adelaide arrive at the door of a empty classroom . she stop . adelaide enter the ... int . the underpass . classroom . day the classroom be not too different from a standard public school classroom ; row of desk and chair . Red stand at the front of the class face the chalkboard . she snip paper carefully with she scissors . adelaide walk to the center row of the class behind Red . adelaide where be he ...? red how it must have be to grow up with the sky . to feel the sun , the wind , the tree . but you people take it for grant . we be human too , you know . eye . teeth. hand . blood . exactly like you . int . underpass hallway . day we move through the empty underpass . int . the underpass . classroom . day red and yet , it be human that build this place . 84 . continued : I believe they figure out how to make a copy of the body , but not the soul . the soul remain one , share by two . they create the tethere so they could use they to control the one above . like puppet . adelaide look around for Jason but do not see he anywhere . she move through walk towards Red 's back . she just snip away . red ( cont 'd ) but they fail , and they abandon the tethere . for generation the tethere continue without direction . they all go mad down here . and then ... there be we . ext . flashback . santa cruz boardwalk 1986 . night Russell throw the ball at the bottle toss booth like before . rayne and Young adelaide watch . int . underpass hallway . day red you remember ? we be bear special . int . flashback . underpass . night weyland , russel 's doppleganger , eartha , rayne 's doppleganger , Young Red and tony , the bottle toss attendant 's doppleganger , engage in a darker version of the same action . the underpass version be crazy , morbid ; wordless . like a mad ritual in a insane asylum . we toggle between both flashback show they symmetry until we see the cafeteria where the tethere be eat bunny . int . the underpass . classroom . day Red continue cut paper as adelaide approach slowly from behind . red God bring we together that night . 85 . ext . flashback . santa cruz boardwalk . whack a mole . night Young adelaide 's attention be draw by thunder come from the beach . int . flashback . underpass . whack a mole booth . night Young Red be draw towards the escalator . int . flashback . visionquest 1986 . night Young Red turn towards Young adelaide at the threshold of darkness . she smile . int . the underpass . classroom . day adelaide I never stop think about you . how thing could have be . how you could have take I with you . int . the underpass . barracks . day Young Red stare at the hand across America t-shirt which be ceremonially hang inside of a locker . int . the underpass . classroom . day red year after we meet , the miracle happen . int . flashback . dance recital . night Teen adelaide dance . int . flashback . underpass . night Teen Red dance . red ( 0.s . ) that 's when I see God , and he show I my path . you feel it too . 86 . int . flashback . underpass . night Teen Red finish she dance . the tethere audience surround and reach for Teen Red . red ( 0.s. ) the end of we dance the tethere see that I be different , that I would deliver they from this misery . int . the underpass . classroom . day red I find my faith and I begin to prepare . it take year to plan . int . flashbacks . underpass barracks 24 hour earlier . glove be put on , sandal and red jump suit zipped up . tethere regular clothing be place on fold on bed . red ( 0.s. ) it take year to plan . int . present day . underpass classroom . day adult Red look at the shrine on the wall . red ( 0.s. ) everything have to be perfect . I do not just need to kill you . I need to make a statement that the whole world would see . int . the underpass . classroom . day Red hold up what she 's be cut . it 's a chain of red construction paper cut into the shape of four people hold hand . the sudden motion stop adelaide in she track . red it 's we time now . we time up there . Red continue cut until there be only two paper figure leave . Red turn to adelaide . 87 . continued : red ( cont ’d ) and to think , if it be not for you , I never would have dance at all . adelaide continue down the center aisle between the chair towards Red . music : nutcracker : final pas do deux the two begin to circle one another . flashback ... int . ballet stage - night fourteen - year-old adelaide step on stage to begin she ballet recital in front of a rapt audience . it 's classic and beautiful . int . the underpass . classroom hallway . 1993 . fourteen - year-old Red stand in on of the room of '' the underpass '' in front of a of shadowy people observe . she step out and begin she dance down the line . her movement be primal , visceral and dark . present day ... int . the underpass . classroom . day the two fight . adelaide rush towards Red with the fire poker overhead . Red parry with she scissor and poke adelaide in the shoulder and walk away circle adelaide around the perimeter of the classroom . adelaide start pursue she . flashback ... int . ballet . night fourteen - year-old adelaide 's ballet be elegant and beautiful . she dance with a partner that 's not there . int . underpass . classroom hallway . 1993 . fourteen - year-old Red turn head as she dance . she portray a girl lose and frighten in a maze . 88 . continued : present day ... int . the underpass . classroom . day adelaide run at Red on the other side of the room . Red kick a desk dislodge a entire row of desk towards adelaide . adelaide change direction accordingly and swing at Red . Red dodge and poke adelaide in she side . again , she walk away quickly , round some desk to reposition herself on the other side of the room . flashback ... int . ballet - night fourteen - year-old adelaide 's dance continue , pick up steam . int . underpass . classroom hallway . 1993 . fourteen year - old Red dance in fear . she clutches she neck and convulse in pain . present day ... int . the underpass . classroom . day adelaide , hurt , rise . she start towards Red diagonally crossing the room . she push the desk out of she way this time , clear a sloppy path . she swing at Red who dodge . the fire poker stick in the wall . adelaide can not immediately dislodge it . Red attack with open scissors . adelaide take she hand off the poker and block the scissors with the handcuff chain . Red kick adelaide who fly over some desk . Red run out the door . flashback ... int . ballet - night fourteen - year-old adelaide start to run with she dance . int . underpass . classroom hallway . 1993 . night fourteen -year-old Red start to run in she dance . 89 . int . the underpass . classroom hallway . day the chase explode into the main tunnel . Red back up as adelaide pursue she . they manage to avoid step on rabbit . flashback ... int . ballet - night fourteen -year-old adelaide spin perfectly . int . underpass . classroom hallway . 1993 . night fourteen -year-old Red portray a body be drag through the tunnel . present day ... int . the underpass . classroom hallway / barracks hallway adelaide chase Red around a corner . a new hallway extend in front and behind she . flashback ... int . ballet - night fourteen - year-old adelaide delicately caress she arm while stand en Pointe .. int . underpass . classroom hallway . 1993 . night fourteen -year-old Red reach to the ceiling with heartbroken long . present day ... int . the underpass . barracks hallway . day adelaide pin Red against the door . her fire poker up against Red 's scissors . adelaide smile as she push . then Red quickly separate the two side of the scissors and poke adelaide in the side with one of the blade send she reeling back . Red slip through the door into ... 90 . int . the underpass . barracks . day row of bunk line the empty , red-tile sleep quarter . it 's dark . adelaide charge in . Red be nowhere to be see . adelaide stalk through the bunk . the music crescendo . Red emerge from the shadow behind one bunk with a huge sneak attack . adelaide turn , just in time . flashback ... int . ballet - night both girl prepare for they huge finale . as the music peak ... sixteen -year-old adelaide run and leap landing perfectly with no partner . int . underpass . classroom hallway . 1993 . night fourteen - year-old Red 's sorrow turn to rage she run a leap but fall to the floor hard . present day ... int . underpass . barracks . day Red have be run through by the fire poker . she fall to the floor . adelaide stand over she . int . the underpass . barracks . day adelaide pick up and place Red 's limp body on the bed and sit next to it . Red begin to whistle '' itsy bitsy spider . '' adelaide push the chain from she handcuffs into Red 's neck . chock she .. adelaide weep , but she weep turn into laughter . Red struggle and die ; her face go soft in the end . 91 . continued : a noise take she out of it . she turn sharply . she walk over to a industrial locker / closet with ventilation slat in it . she open it . Jason stand inside , tremble . his eye and mouth wide open in shock . adelaide hug he hard and weep happily . adelaide there you be , my love . I find you ! he be freeze in fear . adelaide ( cont 'd ) look . she start wiping he tear but smear blood across he cheek . adelaide ( cont 'd ) they be all go now , ok ? they can not hurt you . you understand . .? Jason ? do you ? everything be go to be like it be before . she start to shake he . and realize he 's afraid of she . she stop and a awful expression come over she face . he hear . she keep wiping he cheek obsessively but just smear more and more blood . adelaide ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be like before and you will never have to leave I . I promise . never , ever , ever , ever ... int . ambulance . day gabe and Zora hide inside . Zora go to the back window and open the door . they turn to see adelaide arrive with Jason in tow . moment later ... the ambulance drive . we see each person 's traumatize face . Jason watch he mother . russell ( 0.s. ) what ...? she be not in nam 's ; she get lose for fifteen minute . dr . foster ( 0.s. ) that can be very scary . 92 . continued : rayne ( 0.s. ) we do not know what happen to she . flashback ... int . psychiatrist 's office . day Young adelaide listen to she parent talk to the psychiatrist . russell so , how do we get she to talk ? int . the wilson 's bayside house . basement . day the mini home ballet studio . Young adelaide practice methodically in front of the mirror . dr . foster ( 0.s. ) I think we need to encourage she to draw , write ... dance ... anything to help she tell we she story ... but we have to be patient . int . vision quest portal . night we be inside the vision quest portal look out at the beach and ocean . Young adelaide , ( the real one ) stand by the water . lightn burst in the distance over the ocean . then , beckone by the mysterious portal , she walk towards we . it 's the same shot we see earlier but now we also see the reverse . Young Red stand hide half behind a mirrore wall inside . she 's wickedly entrance by the sight of approach Young adelaide . she back up into the darkness . int . the underpass . MAIN hallway . night Young Red drag Young adelaide as a few people mill around . there be no rabbit on the ground . int . the underpass . barracks . 1986 . night Young Red stand by the bed with Young adelaide unconscious in it . she leave . 93 . int . the underpass . barracks . 1986 . night Young adelaide try to get up , but find she hand tethere to the bed frame by a pair of custom - make , brass handcuffs . Young Red ( now just '' adelaide '' ) be go . she 's alone . she struggle and start to cry when ... other figure arrive , back from dinner . they move slowly and be obscure with shadow . eartha and weyland , the other version of adelaide 's parent , approach she silently . they stand over the bed . young adelaide ( her voice be rough from have be choke ) Mom ! dad ! I wanna go home . eartha and weyland look at each other . they do not understand she word . Young adelaide realize they be not she parent . eartha pet she on the head . int . rayne 's car . night rayne , drive Russell and Young adelaide away from the boardwalk . the rain have pick up . rayne and Russell argue , but Young adelaide , in the back , focus on a far away think . slowly she begin to smile . this be not Young adelaide , it 's the other little girl from below . present day ... ext . countryside . day cue : les fleur bird - eye view follow the ambulance drive inland , towards the country before we diverge towards the open terrain . as we continue through the sky , we find the row of people stand hand - in-hand . we follow it . the line go on , and on , and on towards the rise sun .