< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> V for vendetta V for vendetta by Larry and Andy wachowski base on the graphic novel by Alan Moore fade in : in the darkness , we hear a voice , a woman 's voice . her name be evey . evey ( v.o . ) " remember , remember , the fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of now reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forget . " her voice have a strength that be metere by a calmness , a deep center peace that we can feel . evey ( v.o . ) that be almost the very first word he speak to I and , in a way , that be where this story begin , four hundred year ago , in a cellar beneath the house of parliament . in the darkness , we find a lantern . guy fawk , a dangerous man who wear a goatee , be struggle with a wheelbarrow stack with barrel of gunpowder . evey ( v.o . ) in 1605 , guy fawk attempt to blow up the house of parliament . the wheelbarrow bump over the heavy stone mortar of the cellar floor . from the dark depth , we hear the sound of dog . evey ( v.o . ) he be catch in the cellar with enough gunpowder to level most of London . guy see lantern come from both side . he try to run as the dog reach he first . he grab for he sword as dozen of pole axe pin he against the tunnel 's stone wall . evey ( v.o. ) sometimes I wonder where we would be if he have not fail . I wonder if it would have matter . in the dim pre-dawn light , guy be lead to the gallow . evey ( v.o. ) I suppose the answer be in the rhyme . more than the man , what we must remember be the plot itself . the coarse noose of rope be snugge up to guy 's throat . he look into the crowd until he find a face , a woman 's face , stare up at he . evey ( v.o. ) for in the plot we find more than just a man , we find the idea of that man , the spirit of that man , and that be what we must never forget . the lever be throw and the woman look down , a tear fall down she face . evey ( v.o. ) this , then , be the story of that idea , of that spirit that begin with a anarchist 's plot four hundred year ago . guy 's body hang in silhouette , lifeless against a red morning sun . fade out . fade in : int . suburban house a young evey sit on she father 's lap , comb she barbie 's hair . evey ( v.o. ) I be bear near the end of the millennium , the year 1997 . my father use to say that people be so afraid that the world be go to end that they be willing it to happen . her father sit beside she mother on the live room couch , watch the news . from the look on they face , the news be bad . evey ( v.o. ) I do not remember much of the century 's turn . I do not remember the market crash or the plague or any of the trafalgar riot . the television flicker with image of heavily armed soldier fight in a shell city . evey ( v.o. ) I have read about they since but I do not recall how any of they impact my life except for the fear . they would hide it from I , like a secret between they . Little evey see she father stare at she mother . they take hold of each other 's hand , clasp they tight . evey ( v.o. ) but I could feel it . ext . CITY STREET it be a new day . people be gather along the street as if they be wait for a parade . evey ( v.o. ) of the chaos that seem to swallow the beginning of the 21st century , there be one thing I do remember . evey hold she father 's hand . unable to see what be come , she can hear it . evey ( v.o. ) very clearly , I can remember that sound . we hear they , hundred of march soldier . evey ( v.o. ) and I remember that boot , black leather that gleam bright in the morning sun . I have never see such boot . all move in perfect unison . Little evey hide in the forest of adult , cling to she father 's leg , stare as row after row of boot march by with military precision . ext . CITY STREET in the midst of a political rally for the emerge new party call itself norsefire , we find little evey now on she father 's shoulder . dascombe , a young man , pace the podium , incite the crowd . dascombe the time have come , London , to return to a bygone age , a age of tradition , a age of value that have be disparage and all but forget . what this country need be a leader ! a true leader to remind we of that age . a righteous leader with the strength of he moral conviction to do what must be do . I give you that man ! I give you we leader ! Adam Susan ! Adam Susan rise and the crowd cheer . evey 's father look at she mother and again they clasp hand . evey ( v.o. ) it must have seem so easy to they . they offer such a simple deal ; give up control and we will restore order . int . suburban house Little evey be asleep in she bedroom . evey ( v.o. ) at first , the arrest be political . dissident . radical . liberal . a loud crash of splintering wood wake she up . evey ( v.o. ) when my parent be young , they have be activist . they have march with Labor in the great train strike . the sound of heavy boot swarm through the house . little evey mommy ? her bedroom door burst open and a heavily armed soldier scoops she up . she be carry through the dark house which be fill with soldier . on the floor of the live room , she see she parent be bound with plastic zip -ty . mother my daughter ! do not take my daughter ! father evey ! evey ! little evey mommy ! daddy ! a heavy black hood be pull over each of she parent 's head as evey be carry out of the house . evey ( v.o. ) I never see they again . overnight , my life , my entire world be erase . int . bathroom a nun with a switch in she cross arm watch as evey and several other little girl scrub the floor of a dormitory bathroom . evey ( v.o. ) it be do so quickly and violently , so completely , that it begin to seem that it have never even exist . a tear roll down Little evey 's cheek . ext . house a gay man be drag violently from he Piccadilly home . outside , he see he lover be force to the cobblestone . evey ( v.o. ) the homosexual be next . what God have start with aids have to be finish by man . it be God 's work . that 's what we be tell . he reach for he as the club rise and fall , vicious and bloody . evey ( v.o. ) but once they be go , there be someone else . someone different . in another neighborhood , we see the police arrest Pakistanis . evey ( v.o. ) someone dangerous . in a different area , young black man be pack into a cage van so tightly they be unable to move . evey ( v.o. ) there be that who understand what be happen , who know it be wrong but who keep silent . a young detective name finch look down as the van pull away . when he look up , another man in a military uniform whose name be almond be watch he . evey ( v.o. ) and in the vacuum of that silence , order be impose . finch stick he pipe in he mouth and turn away . ext . STREET again , we see the march boot . evey ( v.o. ) order that be like that boot , order that require rigorous discipline . order that be exactly the same , where each single step fall with every step . the order of the many shape into one . we move through the column of march soldier to a wall where a poster have be plaster up . the poster read , " strength through purity , purity through faith . " evey ( v.o. ) somehow in my heart , I know it would not last . as the sound of the march fade , a shadow fall over the sign . after a moment , we hear the hiss of spray paint . evey ( v.o. ) what they think they have crush , the spirit they believe trample and ground beneath the march of they boot , rise up , rise as if from a four hundred year old grave , rise to remind we all that day . the shadow spray a " V " over the poster . fade out . fade in : Close on a loudspeaker . there be one on every major street corner . fate ( v.o. ) good evening , London . it 's nine o'clock , the fourth of November in the year 2019 and this be the voice of fate broadcasting on 275 and 285 of the medium wave . beneath the loudspeaker be a surveillance system label , " for you protection . " bubble eye lense iris at the end of stalk that move , insect -like , racheting and click as they watch a little girl pedal she bicycle . the little girl glance nervously over she shoulder up at the mechanical eye watch she . fate ( v.o. ) people of London , be advise -- ext . evey's apartment there be a radio on a small makeup table . fate ( v.o. ) -- that braxton and streathon be quarantine zone as of today . evey be now a young woman . she slip into a dress that be little more than a nightgown . she try to adjust it , pull it down at the hem , pull it up at the thin shoulder strap , but it be like try to hide behind a lamppost . fate ( v.o. ) it be suggest that this area be avoid for reason of health and safety . int . shadow gallery another radio in a room that seem to be of another world . fate ( v.o. ) good news follow the productivity report from herefordshire indicate a possible end to meat ration start mid February . a man enter the room as he once enter the world . his body be lean and strong and though we do not see he face , there be a strength in he carriage , a power to he presence . int . evey's apartment she pack tissue paper into the toe of a pair of high heel that be too big for she . fate ( v.o. ) Police raid seventeen home in the Birmingham area , uncover what be believe to be a major terrorist ring . int . shadow gallery we move over a dress bureau , past a wig and over a pair of black leather glove , move until we find the mask ; it be like something from the masquerade ball of another era . it have a exaggerated goatee , harlequin cheek and a smile , forever fix , at once be-guile and be-devile . fate ( v.o. ) twenty eight people , eight of they woman , be currently in detention await trial . int . evey's apartment evey coat she lip with a lascivious red . she stare into the mirror , she makeup like a mask over she own face . fate ( v.o. ) and that be the face of London tonight . int . shadow gallery the man , now fully dress in cloak , hat , and mask gaze into the mirror . this be V. fate ( v.o. ) and this be the voice of fate signing off and bid you a pleasant evening . ext . CITY STREET Close on evey 's high heel , stumbling and awkward as she walk down a dark cobblestone street . ext . CITY STREET Close on V 's boot walk in the opposite direction so that it seem they be walk towards each other . evey ( v.o. ) I do not know what bring we together that night . I have never be to that part of westminster but ever since I have know he , I have stop believe in coincidence . ext . CITY STREET evey look up and see a man stand mostly in shadow . evey Excuse I ? uh ... excuse I , mister ? the man turn around . it be not V. evey would you like ... uh , would you like to sleep with I ? he smile . evey I mean , for money . man that be the clumsiest bit of proposition I have ever hear . evey oh god , I be sorry . man be this you first time , darling ? evey yes , no , I mean for money . but I know what you want and I will do it . she press she body to he , use she little girl eye and she woman 's mouth . evey anything you want , mister . please , I need the money . I know I be young but I promise I know what I be do . man no . you do not know what you be do . he pull out he wallet and show she a badge . the sight of it knock the breath out of she . evey Christ , you be a fingerman . fingerman 1 give the little lady a prize . fingerman 2 I have get something to give she . evey turn and there be more fingerman behind she . fingerman 1 prostitution be a class h offense . know what that mean ? it mean that we get to exercise we own judicial discretion -- fingerman 2 and you get to swallow it . the fingerman laugh . evey oh god , please . it 's my first time . please do not hurt I . fingerman 1 gosh , fella , look at that big innocent eye . what do you think ? fingerman 3 spare the rod , spoil the child . fingerman 2 laugh hard as he drop he pants . evey oh no ! he shove she face first against a brick wall , lift she dress to expose she bottom . evey please , do not ! fingerman 3 you hear the man , sweetie . this rod 's for you own good . suddenly , they be no longer alone . V " the multiply villainy of nature do swarm upon he . " fingerman 3 what the hell -- V " and fortune , on he damned quarrel , smile , show like a rebel 's whore . " fingerman 1 we be police officer , pal . fingerman 4 we be with the finger . fingerman 3 so bugger off ! V " disdain fortune with he brandish steel , which smoke with bloody execution . " in the clench fist of black leather , we see a flash of steel . fingerman 1 he 's get a knife ! V attack and at once we know this be no normal human be . a single blow send the large of the fingerman fly backwards . but more than he strength , it be he speed . a gun be cocked but before the hammer fall , a knife be bury in the fingerman 's chest and -- before the body fall , the knife be go . it take a handful of second and three body lay on the ground . V turn to the last fingerman who be struggle to pull he pants up . fingerman 3 Jesus Christ ! do not hurt I ! V step forward and he scream , bolt while hold he pants up . V good evening . evey who -- who be you ? V I ? I imagine all manner of name shall be heape upon my humble visage but , for now , let we simply say I be the villain . he throw wide he cloak and bow deeply to she . V and you would be ? evey evey . V of course . they hear siren rush towards they . in a blink , he scoops she up and dash into the shadow of a narrow alleyway . ext . rooftop Police car and several ambulance swarm over the area with the dead fingerman . V watch they from above . evey why do you do that ? why do you ... help I ? V why indeed ? he take out a old antique pocket watch . it be almost midnight . V almost time . evey for what ? V for the music . evey Music ? V yes , music . my music . you see . evey , I be a performer . evey be that why you be wear a mask ? V we all wear mask . life create they and force we to find the one that fit . do you know what day it be ? evey uh ... November fourth . V not for long . he look out where , rise above the rooftop , he can see Big ben. V " remember , remember , the fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forget . " the second hand sweep into the final minute . V tell I , evey , what good be a actor that play he part to a empty theatre ? evey I do not know . V nor do I . that 's why you be here . I need you , evey . I need someone to listen . evey to you music ? V yes . yes , to my music . from he sleeve , he pull a conductor 's wand . V can you hear it ? it 's already begin . he begin to lightly tap the wand in the air and , very faintly , we hear it . evey I can not hear anything . V at first , you have to listen very carefully ... he continue to conduct and we begin to hear the music , violin and horn that seem almost like a whisper or a wind that steadily swell . V ahh , yes . there it be . beautiful , be it not ? he turn to the parapet , he gesture grow grander as the music rise and we recognize tchaikovsky 's 1812 overture . the music mount a climax and V point the wand at Big Ben as cymbal crash -- Big Ben explode with such force the world seem to shake , while -- V , smile , always smile , point again with another crescendo and -- the statue of justice be blow to smithereen . V nod in appreciation while muster the music towards it 's finale as firework begin lighting up the sky . evey oh my ... everywhere across the city , people stand transfix by the dazzle shimmer of the firework until -- a strobing final blitz leave a single , starry image float in the smoke fill sky . it be the letter V. evey it 's beautiful ... V thank you . from every direction , the city scream with the panicked sound of siren . ext . new government build a massive modern building that be the seat of the new government . a long , black car pull up to the entrance . Adam Susan get out , wear a long black trenchcoat over he pajamas . he be the leader and he look older , heavier , and meaner . he hurry past the heavily armed guard , barely acknowledge the snap and cock of they nazi-like salute . int . leader' office the leader enter he main chamber and we see the fate computer system . it be a cerebral cortex for a vast intelligence network . information can almost be feel coursing through its hard drive . the leader sit , at once regain a measure of composure . he take a deep calming breath and access the system . dozen of monitor fill with image from all across the city , most of they be of the damage cause by V. leader gentlemen , I will hear you report now . Mr. heyer , speak for the Eye . conrad heyer appear on one of the screen . he be at he desk inside the command center for the Eye , the governmental organization responsible for the visual surveillance system . conrad we have less than two minute of usable footage , leader . it take the suspect less than a minute to dispatch the finger 's vice patrol . on a insert screen , we see grainy footage of V rescue evey from one of the pole- mount camera . conrad as you can see , the suspect 's reflex speed be extraordinary . as be he strength . as the last body fall , V seem to pause and look back over he shoulder straight into the camera . leader freeze it ! the leader stare at the smile face . conrad I be afraid the mask make retinal identification impossible . leader Mr. etheridge , report for the ear ! Bunny etheridge appear on another screen . behind he , huge spool reel of audiotape wind constantly . etheridge we be able to triangulate the origin of the firework . we also be currently monitoring a lot of phone surveillance indicate a high percentage of conversation concerned with the explosion . all suspect or significant transcript be be forward to Mr. almond . leader very good . Mr. finch , speak for the nose . finch , no longer the same young man , stand at the site of the firework launch . finch thanks to etheridge , we find the launch for the firework . this appear to be individually weight flare and we have find trace of the same chemical at both of the detonation site which lead we to conclude that , despite a level of sophistication , this device be all home - make with over the counter chemical , make they impossible to trace . whoever he be , leader , he 's good . leader thank you for that professional annotation . a intercom open . lieutenant ( v.o . ) leader , Mr. almond have arrive . leader very good . gentlemen , keep I inform of any further development . England prevail . they answer in unison as almond enter the office . his face be harder but he have the same violent gleam in he eye . the leader turn in he chair . leader Mr. almond , do you know what this be behind I ? almond uh ... the fate computer system , sir ? leader no . no sir . it 's more than that . this , this computer be a symbol , Mr. almond . a symbol of the high attainable goal of mankind . do you know what that goal be , Mr. almond ? almond do not . the leader leap from he chair while pound the desk . leader Control , Mr. almond ! Control ! the world around we be a change , directionless , amoral morass and it be up to man and man alone to set thing right ! he move around the desk at almond . leader without control , man be nothing more than any other stinking , sweat , brute animal . Control , Mr. almond . the control that we have painstakingly build up over the last ten year . now , do you understand what happen last night ? almond we ... lose control . leader yes , Mr. almond . last night someone do the unthinkable . someone hurt we . it be imperative that we act swiftly and precisely . I want that man find , Mr. almond . I want he head or , by god , I will have yours . int . shadow gallery evey be wear a blindfold and V lead she by she fingertip , guide she almost as if they be dance ... his finger slip free of she and she reach out . evey wait . I have lose you . V no , you have not . he be behind she and he remove the blindfold , revealing he house to she . evey oh ... it be a labyrinth of interconnect underground tunnel and room . the gallery be the main room as it be fill with a amazing collection of human culture . there be art that span from the renaissance to the paint cover of eerie comic , literature that range from Shakespeare to spillane , philosophy from plato to bukowski , and a vast collection of nonfiction . there be movie poster everywhere and a entire wall be line with videocassettes . a jukebox stand in front of a enormous vinyl and CD collection of music . evey a jukebox ? where do you get it ? V I save it . like everything here . she punch a button and billie holiday begin to sing . evey oh , it 's beautiful . I have never hear anything like it . V of course not . you grow up in they world . Art be create by individual and there be no individual in a world where you be tell what to think . evey this place be amazing . V you be welcome to stay . she stop suddenly and look at he . the offer be terribly exciting but it be so unlike anything she have ever do that it 's almost impossible to imagine . evey stay here ... with you ? V yes . if you like . evey I ... I do not even know you name . V I do not have a name . but you can call I V. evey v? V ... I like that . and she return he smile . ext . jordan tower the only operate broadcast tower in London ; home of the mouth . int . radio broadcast booth Lewis prothero lean forward and let he voice pour like syrup over the microphone . prothero good morning , London . this be the voice of fate -- damn . he stop and cough . prothero good morning -- ack . good morning lond -- goddammit ! where be my bloody tea ?! in the control booth , Roger dascombe , he hair thin now , rub he temple . dascombe would someone get he lordship he bloody tea ? he click on the microphone . dascombe Lewis , they want this report on the first hour -- prothero I know . I know . damned inconvenient this entire affair . Fine . let 's try again . he clear he voice and the red " record " light turn on . prothero good morning , London . it be 6 be , the fifth of November 2019 and this be the voice of fate . the new day bring good news and bright prospect from overseas , where negotiation with New China be move in a positive direction . last night 's schedule demolition of two deteriorate landmark go off without a hitch . dascombe be unable to stop himself from smile . prothero spokesman for the Interior ministry say both structure be severely damage and judge to be a danger to the unsuspecting public . plan for new landmark be well underway . prothero sit back , shaking he head . prothero do you believe this crap , dascombe ? dascombe it 's not we job to believe it , Lewis . we job be to tell the people -- prothero " exactly what they tell we . " I know but do you think that people will believe it ? dascombe they will if it 's you that 's tell it to they . now let 's try it again . int . shadow gallery V be alone , listen to the first morning broadcast . prothero ( v.o . ) ... plan for new landmark be already well underway . he click off the radio . walk down a hall , he stop and peer into evey 's new bedroom . she be fast asleep , look remarkably at peace . quietly , he shut the door . ext . train station people be hurry to board a depart train . int . train car prothero be stare out he window . prothero " remember , remember , the fifth of November ... " he talk to he bodyguard almost as if talk to himself . prothero do you suppose that 's why he do it ? bodyguard 1 Sir , who do what , sir ? prothero guy fawk . he try to blow up parliament . the guard look at each other , confuse . prothero do not they teach history in school anymore ? bodyguard 1 Sir , we be both straight military , sir . bodyguard 2 Sir , yes , sir . I be fight in Ireland by the time I be sixteen . prothero yes , of course . my mistake . he turn back to he window . ext . railroad the train rumble along , head for a tunnel . int . train car prothero watch the countryside roll past . prothero I love train . I remember riding the underground with my father . shame they shut they all down . bodyguard 1 look out the opposite window just as the train enter the tunnel . bodyguard 1 what the hell 's that ! ext . train for a flash instant , we see V in silhouette , cloak swirl around he like dark wing as he jump from the bridge onto the train . int . train car prothero and bodyguard 2 stare at bodyguard 1 . bodyguard 1 I think I see a man jump onto the train . bodyguard 2 the train 's do almost seventy . it would break he leg . bodyguard 1 you be right , I ... it must have be rag . ext . train deep in the tunnel , a dark figure glide across the rooftop . int . conductor' cab the conductor hear something on the roof . he peer up just as V swing down , smash foot first into the cab . int . train car the brake suddenly lock , throw bodyguard 2 into prothero . prothero get off of I ! a moment later , the light be cut off and the entire train be plunge into complete darkness . bodyguard 2 what the fuck be go on ? bodyguard 1 lock the car door . prothero I have a lighter ... somewhere ... bodyguard 2 I can not find the lock -- wait . hey wha -- there be a muffle shriek follow by a sharp snap . bodyguard 1 what 's happen -- there be another sound , like the leather slap of a boxer pound a heavy bag , follow by the sound of the heavy bag collapse onto the floor . prothero I find it ! he flick on the lighter and , in the dim light of its flame , he see the smile face . prothero oh god . V sit casually , arm fold , across from prothero . the bodyguard lay dead on the floor . prothero who be you ? what do you want ? money ? be that it ? V just smile . prothero wait , wait . you be , you be the one that blow the Bailey . V nod and prothero 's eye go wide . prothero you be make a mistake . I be nobody -- on the floor , he see the bodyguard 's gun . he kill the lighter and dive for it . in the darkness , we hear the struggle . it end quickly . when the lighter flick back on , V be hold it and the gun . prothero oh god , what do you want ? V I have come to offer you a choice . Commander prothero . prothero what -- what do you call I ? V Commander prothero . prothero 's heart begin to pound . V that be you title at larkhill . you remember larkhill , do not you , Commander ? ext . larkhill resettlement camp - flashback a sign read , " larkhill resettlement Camp . " V ( v.o. ) where they send the undesirable . a cage truck pack with minority roll into the gate which be top with spool of razor wire . int . train car prothero be sweat . prothero I do not know what you be talk about . V maybe I can help you memory . let 's see . larkhill open in the summer of 2009 . you be appoint it commander . you wear a uniform in that day . you look very good in it . int . larkhill - prothero's office - flashback prothero admire he uniform in the mirror . V ( v.o. ) you be a man of many responsibility . you make sure larkhill make all its quotas , especially the oven quotas even though they require a excessive amount of maintenance . ext . larkhill oven - flashback we see a detail of black and indian man , shoveling mound of black ash from a series of furnace like oven . as the shovel lift , we see blacken bone and burnt skull . ext . larkhill MAIN yard - flashback prothero saunter through the line of camp prisoner . V ( v.o. ) but there be one task you take to with exceptional relish . remember the medical block , Commander ? I believe you call it the funny farm . you be the one that select the prisoner . you hand pick each one . prothero step in front of a woman who remain beautiful despite the suffer she have endure . prothero smile . prothero her . as the guard grab she , we become aware of a man that be stare at prothero . he be one of the prisoner but we do not see he face . prothero notice the man . he do not like the way the man be stare at he . prothero you . int . train car prothero be terrify . prothero you ! you be he , be not you ? V nod . prothero oh my god ! what be you go to do ? V you give we a choice , remember , Commander ? you say we could cooperate with the doctor or ... V cock the gun . V hold out you hand . tremble , prothero stick out he hand . V let the light die for a moment . when he flick it back on , prothero be hold a long , metal syringe fill with a murky liquid . prothero oh no , no ! please I be just do what I be tell ! V of course you be . now I be tell you to make a choice . either you stick that syringe into you neck or -- he press the gun barrel to prothero 's forehead . V I can kill you right now . prothero begin to blubber . V crying do not help , Commander . I remember there be a woman who have be scream for two day . you wink at the doctor and laugh , " all in the name of science . " prothero please , do not make I do this ... V it 's a difficult choice , be not it ? certain death versus something that might be ... worse . but you never know . there be still a chance . you could survive . look at I . now , time 's up , Commander . choose . anger galvanize he fear and steadily prothero lift the needle towards he neck . prothero I will see you in hell . he jam the needle in and sink the plunger . V yes . I be quite sure you will . int . train train worker with flashlight hurry through the car . train man this door 's lock ! he slam a shoulder against it and the door give in . train man Holy Christ ! flashlight sweep over the dead bodyguard . the train man hear a strange gurgle rasp and he turn , find prothero in he light . train man what happen here ? prothero be foam at the mouth while a thick mucus bubbles from he nose . his breath come in tiny rasp . train man good lord ! I need a medic here . prothero become more animate , try to tell the man something . prothero fi ... fi ... fi ... train man 2 he 's try to say something . prothero five . train man 1 five ? where 's the goddamn medic ? prothero room five . suddenly , he body convulse and blood pour out he ear . his body slump over . train man 2 I think he need a priest . ext . train station the station be swarm with police . a stretcher wheel a body in a black plastic bag out from prothero 's car . int . train car finch puff on he pipe , stare at something spray paint on the wall of the train car : a " V " with a circle around it . dominic what do you make of this , Mr. finch ? dominic , finch 's young assistant , be hold a flower in he rubber glove hand . finch hmm . it 's a rise . a violet carson , I believe . strange . dominic strange ? finch I do not think they still exist . soldier Mr. finch ! Sir ! finch turn as a soldier with a radio step into the car . soldier Sir , they want you at headquarters , sir . finch now ? soldier yes , sir . I be to transport you immediately . finch send the rise to the lab . also , scrape a sample of this paint and have it analyze as well . I will be back as soon as I can . int . leader' office the door open and finch step in . leader ah , Mr. finch . I send for you because what I have to say cannot be say over a phone or a radio . what I have to say can not leave this four wall . do I make myself clear ? finch yes , sir . leader I believe in a few thing , Mr. finch . I believe in god . I believe in the destiny of the Nordic race . and I believe in fascism . the roman invent fascism . they have a symbol for it ; a bundle of twig bound together . one twig could be break but a bundle would prevail . that be the heart and soul of fascism . strength in unity . I tell you this thing know full well that they make you uncomfortable . finch well , I ... leader you have in fact express you discomfort in several arrest report , arrest that be , in you opinion , " unnecessary . " the fact that you be here , that you be not rotting in a prison cell , be a mark of my respect and admiration for you , for you craft , and for what you have do for this country . finch look at the ground . leader it be also because I know you , finch . I know what you be . you be a man like I . a man who understand when they be give a job what must be do . I understand you , finch , and that be why I can trust you . he move in close to finch . leader this terrorist know we , finch . this attack be perfectly calculate and they be divisive . he know what he 's do , finch . he know we all too well . finch you think he 's a insider ? leader what I think be that this man must be stop . stop at all cost and no one , I repeat , no one be to be place above suspicion . do I make myself clear ? finch perfectly . leader England prevail , Mr. finch . finch England prevail . int . shadow gallery evey , alone in the shadow Gallery , stare up at the inscription above the crooked staircase . evey V , v , v , v , v. V I hear you summon , my lady . and obey . she jump , V suddenly appear behind she . evey oh , V , you scared I . she turn back to the carve . evey I be read the inscription . what be it ? V a Latin quotation . a motto . " vi veri veniversum vivus vici . " " by the power of truth , I , while live , have conquer the universe . " she nod . evey yes , I suppose you have . this place be the only universe I have right now . V do that bother you ? evey I do not know . I be so grateful to you -- I just feel I should help you , you know , the way you be help I . I mean , that 's the deal , be not it ? V drift over to the big old wurlitzer , finger scan the song list . V no deal , evey . not unless you want they . she look up at the inscription as a old blue song begin to play . evey I think I do . part of I want to stay here forever and never have to face what 's go on outside . but that 's not right . be it ? that 's not take responsibility . not conquer my universe . she turn to he . evey I want to help you , V. I want to do something . can we make a deal ? V yes . I think we can make a deal if you like . I think I know a way you could help I very soon indeed . evey smile nervously . evey good . that 's that , then . the blue song curl in the air around they like a heavy incense . evey V , you say that Latin thing be a quote . who say it ? V nobody you would have hear of . a german gentleman name Dr. John faust . he spin she . V he make a deal too . ext . westminster abbey - day the church door have open with the flow of parishioner as the final mass of the day have end . the tide slowly pour out onto the sidewalk , separate around the clump of people that conglomerate to network and gossip . Church bell toll in the orange dusk above they . helen heyer , a woman whose spite and guile be hide behind she look and clothes she drape they with , charge into the gossiper , she trophy husband in tow , a timid look man that we recognize as conrad heyer . conrad hello , Rosemary . derek , how -- helen 's head snap over at the mention of the name . helen derek ! she push past conrad , give derek almond a exuberant kiss on both cheek . helen darling , how be you ? hello , Rosemary . always behind she husband , Rosemary almond smile nervously as she straighten she drab church dress . rosemary hello . derek it 's so good to see you . since this bloody terrorist business , the old man have I literally chain to the office . helen pout at he . helen oh , you poor dear . derek tap the bottom of he cigarette box , draw one with he lip . derek it come with the job . how be thing in the Eye , conrad ? conrad well , we have be work some bug out of the new Mark ix fiber optic network , actually -- helen oh , conrad , do not be such a bloody bore . do tell we about the terrorist , derek . be it true he blow up Big Ben and the old Bailey ? derek I be afraid so . we be deal with a pathological psychotic in the most extreme case . we will catch he though . I promise . helen rub she white sable against she body . helen oh , it sound dreadfully exciting . be not you glad you have get such a ruthless , implacable brute for a husband , Rosemary ? rosemary yes , well -- helen believe I , you be lucky . you could be strike with a professional peeping tom like conrad . England 's high pay voyeur , be not you darling ? conrad helen , I think we would better -- helen oh yes , of course . we have to get back so the little pervert can watch what the neighbor do after Sunday lunch . he 's so exciting . derek laugh as they climb into they car . helen ciao ! derek Goodbye , helen . conrad . Rosemary wave as it pull off . rosemary she 's a bit hard on he , be not she ? derek sneer at she . derek until you be half the woman of helen 's sophistication , I would keep you little mouth shut . he throw the cigarette at she foot . derek really , just look at the way you dress . int . westminster abbey from above , a hand sweep aside the red plush curtain . lilliman ah , there they go . my happy and content flock . spiritually refresh and ready to face the world again . Bishop Anthony lilliman be a slender man of pious elegance with a warm , beautiful smile . he turn from the window to he valet , Dennis , as derek and Rosemary get in they car . lilliman do you enjoy the sermon today , Dennis ? dennis very inspiring , you grace . though the segue of the force of Satan among we do strike I as a bit of a curious digression . he whisk a lint brush over the Bishop 's robe before put they away . lilliman hmm , yes . a trifle purple , I think . still , fate want it include and who be we to question the will of the almighty , miserable sinner that we be ? a gentle smile spread across he mouth . lilliman and speak of sin , I wonder which of the seven deadly the good lord will see fit to tempt I with today . Dennis finish with the Bishop 's robe and sweep the closet door shut . dennis perhaps pride , you grace . lilliman chuckle . lilliman I be think of something a little less ethereal . have the young lady arrive ? dennis the agency inform I she will be here directly . however , there be a mixup . it 's not one of the usual girl . she 's a little older . lilliman oh dear . oh dear . not too old , I trust ? dennis they promise I she 's no more than fifteen . lilliman Fifteen , hmm . the Bishop rub he cheek , ponderously . lilliman ah well , if job could bear he disappointment , I suppose I must have the good grace to bear mine . show she in when she arrive . dennis yes , you grace . ext . westminster abbey - night a pair of headlight melt through the heavy night 's fog as a taxicab pull into the circle drive . int . bishop' quarter Dennis peer into the Bishop 's live quarter . dennis the young lady , you grace . lilliman oh my ! stand next to Dennis be evey , wear a frilly pink summer dress , pigtail and bow and white ruffle sock . lilliman and to think I doubted you loveliness for even a instant . mea culpa , my child , meat culpa . you be a vision . a angel . evey smile awkwardly . evey uh ... thank you . ext . westminster abbey - night a shadow begin move across the manicure grounds borne on the thick mist like a dark phantom . V glide toward the rectory , cloak undulate against the dark , wet wind . int . bishop' bedroom it be extravagantly furnish , somewhere between posh and pimp . the Bishop be sit very close to evey on he plush water bed . lilliman of course , " hate the sin , love the sinner . " I always say . take you dress off , please . evey stammer , back up along the bedside . evey listen -- I be kind of hope -- he paw at she , grop hand push the front of she dress down as she back up against the nightstand . evey no -- ext . MAIN gate - night the guard look out into the night , fear suddenly grip they face . V emerge demonically through the parting veil of fog , the white smile mask bob eerily up and down as he rush they . a cigarette drop from the first guard 's mouth , red ember explode when it hit the wet cement . Close as the two guard claw for they arm and the white hot flash of V 's knife -- that slice like talon . the two man crumple to the ground , clutching they gape , gurgle wound . a whisper . V sprint into the courtyard . int . bishop' bedroom evey grab a metal table lamp and swing it down on the Bishop 's head . there be a shudder clank and he collapse to the floor . lilliman you -- you filthy whore ! his blood speckles the white bearskin throw rug as the Bishop slowly rise after the retreate evey . lilliman I will kill you , you fuck sow . he charge after she but freeze dead in he track as V swing around the corner in front of he . lilliman what 's this ? who -- V please allow I to introduce myself ... V bow . V I be a man of wealth and taste . lilliman Dennis ? instantly , the point of one of V 's knife be against the Bishop 's throat . V press a finger to he freeze smile . V shh . it be not polite to disturb the dead on they journey . evey watch from around the corner . V a courtesy I will most respectfully extend to he grace . evey V ? lilliman swallow audibly . evey V , what be you do ? V vi veri veniversum vivus vici , evey . evey look down at the knife on he belt , drip blood . evey oh no . she begin back to the door . evey you can not kill he ! V death have follow he grace the whole of he career . be it any coincidence it have finally follow he here ? evey oh god , V. I can not -- I can not -- V turn back to lilliman as evey run . V let we pray . ext . westminster abbey - night evey sprint past the dead guard at the man gate and into the fog . int . the ear a cramped control room that look like something between a radio and television switch room , though it do not broadcast . it receive . two operator sit at the main substation as the sound of lovemake come over the speaker . the moan be stifle and low , however , as if they be afraid someone be listen . operator 1 bloody hell . do not anybody fuck with feel anymore ? Operator 2 do not look at he , scrolling through a intricate city map on he computer . operator 2 hey , it 's Sunday . Children 's hour over at the Abbey . operator 1 let 's see what that filthy old pervert be up to . Operator 1 punch in some coordinate and the sound over the speaker change to a garble fart of noise . two voice drow beneath a cacophony of classical music . operator 1 what the -- he try to dial out the background and suddenly the voice rise clearly above the din . voice 1 ... and I see a black shape against the flame . oh god . it 's you . the man from room five . you have come -- voice 2 to collect what 's mine . voice 1 I beg you ! I do not want to die ! please have mercy ! the two man look at each other , Operator 1 lung for a red phone . operator 1 get I the finger . this be a emergency ! ext . bishop' quarter - night Close on a stain of white vomit and blood on the thick pile of a Persian rug . it be encircle in police chalk . pull back to reveal the chalk outline where the body of Bishop lilliman be find . the circle bloodstain float above the head like the last word balloon of a crude comic strip character . the Bishop 's quarter be slowly be pick over by a forensic team from the nose . a photographer 's flash burst against a paint " V " on the wall near the body outline . at the window , finch chew on he pipe , stare at a plastic evidence bag that contain a single violet carson rise . dominic no print yet , sir . just like prothero . finch I want that tape from the ear in my office tonight , dominic . dominic yes , sir . they be on top of it . finch turn to a muscular man name creedy , second in command at the finger . finch any word from you superior , Mr. creedy ? creedy Mr. almond do not seem to be answer he page , sir . I be sure he 's in the field . finch quite . int . conrad heyer' bedroom grunting like a animal , derek 's face be freeze , lock in the rigor of a violent orgasm . after a moment , he collapse beside helen onto the sweat soak sheet . helen there you go , baby . now my baby boy can think so much clearer . can not he ? she grab she cigarette case and she lighter . helen you have be think , have not you ? she straddle he chest then light two cigarettes . helen I know you have . ever since this terrorist appear . he smile as she put one of the cigarettes in he mouth . helen oh jesus , that smile . that smile turn I on like nothing else . she whisper in he ear . helen tell I . tell I what 's go on in that ruthless sadistic brain of yours . derek everyone be so worried about the terrorist . especially Susan . you know why ? because nobody know what he 's go to do . he exhales through he grind tooth . derek if I be he , I know what I would do . he whisper . derek I would blow that fat bastard to kingdom come . helen bolt up . helen no . you be kid . derek be I ? he smile , blow more smoke . derek there 's a old train line under the New government Building . it collapse when they pour the foundation . you could haul in enough tnt to launch we leader 's ass all the way to the moon . helen 's eye gleam as he laugh . helen you be serious , be not you ? he eye she suck on the cigarette . derek you need to be careful , helen . you mouth be go to get you into trouble one day . helen be that the same trouble you love put in my mouth ? derek you never know who might be listen . helen I know , derek . you love you country and you love you party , just like you love you wife . he glare at she . helen derek . I be sorry . I know I can be a bitch . but that 's why you be here , be not it ? he smile again and she press she body to he . helen this be it , be not it , derek ? what we have be wait for . at last , you will be rid of Susan . I will be rid of conrad . and we will be free . free , will not we ? his eye close as he grind he hip into hers and we rise , drift up to the ceiling light fixture -- where we see a tiny hide microphone . int . finch' office - the nose finch sit at he desk , stare into the silence of he notepad . he have doodle a little " V " with a circle around it . he look up as dominic enter , hold up a portable cassette player . dominic sorry it take so long . the boy have a devil of a time try to filter out the background noise . finch background noise ? dominic the perpetrator apparently turn on the Bishop 's stereo . subsequently , a great deal of the tape be useless . he hand the player to finch . finch what music do he play ? dominic Beethoven . the fifth , I believe . finch smile . finch Da , da , da , dum . that 's code . morse code . dominic Sir ? finch for the letter " V " . finch punch " play " . over the small speaker , we sear evey protest to V , then run . he stop it . finch anything on the girl yet ? dominic no . the agency say somebody claim to be lilliman 's valet cancel he Sunday appointment . finch start it again and this time the tape be very fuzzy . finch what be it ? dominic 23rd psalm . we recognize some of the word though mute and crackly . tape ( v.o. ) though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death ... dominic it go on like that for a while . fairly incoherent except we could make out a few word in this part . transubstantiation . finch nod , understanding . dominic that miracle business when the wafer transform into the body of Christ . finch he make he eat a host . dominic yes , listen to this part . the tape become somewhat clearer as the music rest . tape ( v.o. ) ... and at the moment this enter you mouth it become the flesh of the savior ? yes ... please ... and whatever it be make of now it will become the body of Christ ? yes ... yes ... they eye each other . tape ( v.o. ) I want you to swallow it . dominic there 's a couple of funny human noise ... finch and then just Beethoven 's fifth . he shut off the tape . finch we have get the initial path report back . the host be full of cyanide . finch pick up the bag with the violet carson . finch and do you know what ? he rise , slide into he jacket . finch when it reach he abdomen , it be still cyanide . int . morgue Close on the heavy stitching of a " y " incision sewn into the chest of a corpse . it be one of the Bishop 's guard . delia do you have a motive ? finch be stand next to the cadaver gurney with the coroner , delia surridge . she be a serious woman , hair wound tight behind she head in a severe bun . delia I mean , be anything take ? she fill the dead man 's head with cotton and replace the top of he skull . finch just life . pull at the man 's scalp , she stretch it over the replace skull piece . finch I know it 's too early for you profile but do you have any initial impression ? delia well ... she point at a jag puncture wound at the base of the man 's sternum with a ball point pen . delia he 's incredibly powerful . this man 's sternum be split like dry wood from the base all the way up to the manubrium . finch peer into the hole . delia and he 's resourceful . on that table behind you be a breakdown of all the chemical find in prothero 's blood stream . finch heft the pile of computer paper . finch bloody hell . delia there be hundred of different chemical in he . from trinitrotoluene to estrogen to motor oil . he flip through the document , bite into the wooden end of he pipe . finch perhaps fate will make something more of all this . I certainly can not . delia the leader finally authorize a uplink for you ? he must be get nervous . finch quite . government direct terrorism never sew healthy idea into the public . oh , that remind I . finch pull the evidence bag from he pocket . finch can you tell we anything about this ? delia 's eye lock onto the violet carson . finch we find one in the carriage with prothero and this one in the Bishop 's quarter . a violet carson . he hand it to she . finch I hear that strain have die off . think a botanist might shed some light on it . delia ? delia , rivete to the rise , suddenly look up to he . delia yes -- yes , of course . finch Magic . I will drop by tomorrow then . he turn , leave she with the rise . int . shadow gallery V relax with a book in a overstuff read chair , a violet carson rise rest on a table next to he . he begin to read a passage aloud . V " there be more behind and inside of V than any of we have suspect . not who , but what : what be she ? " he place the book down . Thomas pynchon 's " V " . V rise , lift the rise and move into the darkness of the shadow Gallery . ext . empty STREET a small figure move down the dark wet street , the cobblestone glisten like black scale . the huddle figure arc across the street in the shadow , avoid the pool of streetlight . it be evey , a frighten look on she face . int . kitty kat keller a woman in combat boot , fishnet , and a tight fitting soldier 's uniform be in the middle of a cheeky number on stage in this smoky burlesque bar . it be a popular place with local and fingerman . Peter creedy squeeze through the crowd , angle for the back of the bar where a number of loud fingerman be drink . creedy what 's all this , then , harper ? I get a radio that a man 's down and in need of assistance ? harper I be not go down yet but I sure do need some assistance . creedy lean in . creedy be you flat break already ? they break up in laughter , lead by creedy who sit next to harper , pour himself a drink . lout how would you sneak away , creedy ? almond off bugger that blonde chippy ? harper the one with the tit ? they all begin to hoot and whistle . creedy what I would not give for a piece of that . lout she could serve a tray of drink on that thingy . harper I bet you get you chance with she sooner than later , creedy , with the way almond 's crackin ' up . lout bloody bugger 's lose he marble . harper terrorist or no , if that bastard give I another double shift , I will stomp he fuck head . creedy raise he drink . creedy aye . this nonsense have put a serious strain on my drink . I think I be actually sober today . lout I will drink to that . harper we need to get a real man of the people in that director 's position . like creedy here . everyone cheer in agreement . creedy well , it 's good to know when the shit hit the fan who you real friend be . they salute and drink . int . almond home derek almond sit hunch under a desk lamp , pump the cylinder of he revolver with a wire brush . Rosemary shuffles up to he , she frumpy gown gather around she . rosemary derek -- he blow down one of the cylinder , not look up . derek I do not want to hear it , Rosemary . rosemary derek , please ! we can not carry on like this . derek stare at the gun , rage building . rosemary you do not talk to I . you do not eat with I . you do not have sex -- derek leap up , slugging she . Rosemary clatter to the ground in tear . derek glower over she . derek I do not have to take any crap from you ! I have that fat bastard riding I all day . I do not want to listen to you , so shut you fat gob ! he lean into she face . derek and I not want to fuck you be obvious . take a look at yourself . he sit back in front of the gun , wiping it down . derek get out of my sight . I be clean my gun . int . delia surridge's home Dr. surridge sit somberly in the dark , street light filter in from the open curtain . her eye fix on the violet carson as she slowly turn it over in she hand , finger trace the soft petal . after a moment , she stand , let it fall from she lap . int . finch' office - the nose finch turn as dominic burst in . dominic I get it ! finch a connection ? dominic wave a printout . dominic larkhill resettlement Camp . prothero 's and lilliman 's employment record show they both help position there at similar time . finch what about codename v? dominic most of larkhill 's record be destroy for security reason but I do uncover a old standard procedure and operation manual . dominic smile . dominic in special case study , medical research group use roman numeral to identify test inmate . finch five be the letter V. brilliant , dominic . finch slide in front of he computer . finch all we need be larkhill 's employment record . int . delia surridge's bedroom the cover pull protectively up around she , delia rest in a light , uneasy sleep . suddenly , a eye pop open as she awaken , catch a familiar scent . she slowly sit up and inhale . delia rose . she close she eye . delia it 's you , be not it ? you have come to kill I . from the shadow , V answer . V yes . tear begin to streak she face . delia oh thank god . thank god . int . finch' office - the nose dominic hang over finch 's shoulder as larkhill 's employment record come up . finch 's mouth fall open . finch oh my god . row after row of name scroll by at the end of each bio be the word : decease , file close . finch oh bloody hell . the data bank unfurl like a mass grave . dominic he 's kill they all ? it 's not possible . finch stop , stare at the one name whose file be not close -- finch oh no . Dr. delia surridge . int . delia surridge's bedroom V float on the edge of the room 's shadow , a dark angel . V be you afraid ? delia no , no . I think I would be , but I be not . I be -- she look at the hover , smile mask . delia relieved . she start to cry again . delia oh god , all this year . all this wait . and somehow I always know you would come back . delia think back . delia when I see you that night -- the night you escape , you be stand against the flame and you look straight at I . the mask almost nod . delia I know then that one day you would come look for I , that you would find I . her voice drop to a almost confessional whisper . delia what -- what happen at larkhill . what we do -- what I do . that terrible knowledge , it 's be with I so long . that I could do thing like that . delia rub the salty tear from she eye . delia for year , I blame it on the government , on the authority I could never stand up to . but live so long with the knowledge of what I do have make I understand otherwise . I alone be accountable . V watch she . delia there be something wrong with we . with all of mankind . with I . something evil that make I enjoy what I do . some hideous flaw . her voice almost trail off . delia we deserve to be cull . we deserve it . int . almond bedroom Light sweep across Rosemary from the open bedroom door as she sob softly in bed . derek enter , hold a bottle of whiskey and he clean gun . she sit up as derek loom over she . rosemary derek ? what ? he lift the gun into she bruise face . her eyebrow cringe as he slowly pull the trigger . derek bang . click . it be empty . derek do not worry , Rose . I do not load it . the phone ring . derek not tonight . he grin evilly at she and answer the bedside phone . derek almond . what ?! where ? derek 's drunk eye light up . derek oh god , yes ! God , thank you ! he slam the phone down , charge out of the room . ext . kitty kat keller a gaggle of drunk exit the bar , laugh and sing as they pass a small figure . int . kitty kat keller evey wander into the bar amidst the lustful scream and cat call for the line of high step , semi-cloth girl on stage . she stare out into the crowd , not sure why she be here when a man approach she : creedy . his sloppy smile indicate he have have a few drink . creedy you look lose . she look blankly at he . creedy can I buy you a drink ? evey no ... I make a mistake . she turn for the door . evey I have to find someone . creedy frown as he radio crackle . creedy well I do not like the look of you anyway -- radio ( v.o. ) all unit , all unit . code red . converge in plaistow to apprehend codename V. creedy bloody hell ! he scream to the fingerman at the back . creedy it 's he ! we get he ! evey watch as they storm out of the bar , then follow . ext . CITY STREET the emergency light blaring , finch 's car squeal around a corner . int . delia surridge's bedroom V hover ghostly at delia 's bedside . delia it 's funny , I be give one of you rose today . I be not sure you be the terrorist until I see it . she manage a smile . delia what a strange coincidence . that I should be give it today . V there be no coincidence , delia . only the illusion of coincidence . he reach into he cloak . V I have another rise . this one be for you . he hand it to she . delia then you be go to kill I now ? V produce a empty syringe . V I kill you ten minute ago . while you sleep . delia be there any pain ? V sit on the bed . V no . no pain . delia thank you . she stare at the mask . delia can I -- can I see you face again ? V slowly pull off he hat and lift he mask . delia stare into he face . delia it 's beautiful ... the rise fall from she hand . int . hall V quietly shut the door as if not to wake she and turn just as -- derek almond reach the top of the stair . derek do not move a inch , you bloody bastard . he train he gun . derek you do not hear I arrive , do you ? do not know we would rumble you ? he squint . derek it 's all finish , chummy . all of it . the old man tell I it be my head or yours and what do you know . it 's yours . the smile mask stare . derek because you be stand over there with you bloody stupid knife and you fancy karate gimmick -- derek pull back the hammer . derek and I have get a gun . he smile . derek bang . click . he never load it . there be a awkward moment of silence , then V move -- cloak open , fill the hall like a black tidal wave that envelope derek . he choke a scream as V embrace he , slip a knife above he float rib . derek almond sputter as he claw at V 's mask . derek who -- who be you ? V yes , look . look and tell I what you see . he rip V 's mask off as V thrust the knife in deeper . derek 's eye widen in horror as he life pour out the knife wound . derek horrible ! God , it 's horrible ! V jerk he blade free , let derek slip to the ground . ext . delia surridge's home finch 's car buck up onto the sidewalk . finch and dominic tear out of the car and barrel into the house . int . delia surridge's home at the top of the stair , they find the dead derek . finch rush past he for the bedroom . finch delia ? Inside , he find she . her eye fix , cold , and dead , a single violet carson in she lap . finch get a ambulance . ext . delia surridge's home evey rush around a corner to see a crime scene bath in siren light . she push up to the police barricade as the m.e. 's load a drape body into they van . evey oh no ... v? she try to angle around to get a better look when a man in a brown overcoat grab she from behind and drag she into the alley . int . delia surridge's bedroom from the corner of the room , finch sit , watch as the m.e. 's wheel out delia 's body . dominic squeeze past the gurney and cross toward finch . dominic I be sorry , sir . you know the doctor pretty well ? finch nod . dominic we find this on she bureau , sir . it 's Dr. surridge 's journal . it cover she year at larkhill . it might contain the whole story . dominic search for something more to say when finch do not answer . after a moment , finch look at the book in dominic 's hand , then take it , leaf through the page . they flip by , a breathy sigh , rise to a cold wind . delia ( v.o. ) May 23rd ... int . larkhill medical research block - day - flashback a young Dr. surridge , one by one , administer a series of injection to she research stock . delia ( v.o. ) prothero have hand pick my subject . four dozen of they , none of which will be any use to I if I do not get to work soon . she finish a injection , prothero encourage the next subject . we recognize she as the woman prothero point at . delia ( v.o. ) they be so weak and pathetic I find myself hat they . delia prepare the next dose , a sour look on she face . delia ( v.o. ) they do not fight or struggle . just stare at you with weak eye . prothero next . int . larkhill oven - day - flashback two inmate orderly be hefting sack cadaver from a cart into a incinerator . delia ( v.o. ) June 9th : of the original four dozen , over 75 % be now decease . strangely , no clear pattern have emerge as of yet . another body thud onto the pile . delia ( v.o. ) batch 5 seem to have no common discernible effect on any specific group though the man seem slightly more resilient than the woman . when it be full , they move to the next door until the cart be empty . delia ( v.o. ) I be hope the survivor will provide more answer or my time here will have go to waste . Red heat suddenly glow from the oven vent as the orderly throw a series of switch . int . larkhill medical research block - day - flashback Dr. surridge move down the drab aseptic hallway accompany by a armed guard . Roman numeral on the door to each cell ascend to five . delia ( v.o. ) June 18 : and only five leave now . two man and three woman . which tend to contradict my entry on the 9th . she pause at room five . delia ( v.o. ) the man in room five be a fascinating case . she look through the small chicken wire glass window in the door . delia ( v.o. ) physically , there do not seem to be anything wrong with he . no cellular anomaly , nothing . in the back , just on the edge of the room 's shadow , sit the man in room five , silently stare back . delia ( v.o. ) batch five , however , seem to have bring on some kind of psychotic breakdown . he 's quite insane . Dr. surridge can not seem to break she stare . delia ( v.o. ) he have this way of look through you . reverend lilliman will not go near he . he claim that it be the devil in room five . I see he cross himself whenever he pass he door . still , there 's something about he ... ext . larkhill garden - day - flashback Dr. surridge slowly move through the larkhill garden , a incredible abundance of fruit , vegetable and violet carson rose . delia ( v.o. ) I be glad prothero let room five have a go at the gardening project . he be quite proficient . prothero be reluctant to allow a inmate access to the tool and chemical supply at first but now the fat toad be delighted . the crop have almost double . she trace the petal of a rise with she finger . delia ( v.o. ) he also grow rose . beautiful rose . int . larkhill lounge - night - flashback Dr. surridge and several other larkhill appointee relax after dinner . delia ( v.o. ) December 24th : I be in the mess . it be about half past ten when we hear the first explosion . a massive explosion shake the building to its very core , its window shatter and hood pendulum light swinging . ext . larkhill lounge - night - flashback Men and woman clutch at they throat as they tumble out into the yard . delia ( v.o. ) the one at the front run straight into the gas . it be horrible . they drop to the ground , gasp and vomit . the back door be kick open , Dr. surridge follow two guard . delia ( v.o. ) a few of we make it out through the rear door . you could hear man scream everywhere . I hate the sound of man scream . she look out , man run , collapse , die in a yellow green haze that seem everywhere . delia ( v.o. ) in the center of the camp , everything be on fire . everyone run in all direction . we have hardly enough time to get we bearing when the oven explode . another explosion wrack the compound . the pillar of flame rise into the black sky , dwarf the man in the camp . Dr. surridge see a gape hole in the medical block , its inside turn out like a unholy birth . delia ( v.o. ) it be the man in room rive . I could not have know . the chemical supplies , grease solvent , ammonia , fertilizer . he would be make thing with they . Close on a soldier , double over , hack up bile . delia ( v.o. ) mustard gas ... a sticky blue fire lick up from a blacken body like a dura flame . delia and napalm . Dr. surridge turn as a silhouette cross the yard , backlit by a curtain of fire . delia ( v.o. ) and in the yard , I see he . he have the flame behind he . he be naked . the man stop . delia ( v.o. ) he look at I ... Dr. surridge seem to will under he stare but cannot look away . delia ( v.o. ) as if I be a insect . oh god . as if I be something mount on a slide . the flame convulse hypnotically behind he . delia ( v.o. ) he look at I . int . leader' office finch snap Dr. surridge 's journal shut . he sit in front of the leader 's desk puffing on he pipe while Susan stare coldly . finch that 's the last entry until six month later when Dr. surridge be back in London . there be no mention of the man in room five again . end of story . he toss the journal on Susan 's desk . finch except that it be not the end of the story . finch rise , crossing to the wastebasket . finch between 2009 and 2012 , over forty man and woman who be previously station at larkhill meet with what be believe to be accidental death . eventually , only three remain . he tap he pipe into he hand , pour the content into the wastebasket . finch the three he would be save until last . finch brushes the ash from he hand and begin repack he pipe . finch everyone who work at larkhill . everyone who could have identify he . you see there be two possible motive here . not one . Susan raise he head . finch the first be revenge . he escape from larkhill and vow to get even with he tormentor . the whole exercise a elaborate , chill vendetta . when he finish repack the pipe , he replace it in he mouth . finch that 's the explanation that I find most reassure , funnily enough . because that mean he 's finish . it 's over now . finch begin relighting he pipe . finch the second motive be more sinister . like I say , everyone who could have identify he be dead . a flame leap into the air . finch what if he 's just be clear the ground ? another burst . finch what if he 's plan something else ? the lighter slip back into he pocket . finch you see , the diary we find be in full view . we do not have to search for it . he leave it there . he want we to find it . he want we to know the story . or ... finch return to he chair , let out a huge cloud . finch for all we know , the diary could be a complete and utter fake . codename V could have write it himself . finch lean forward . finch he 's play game with we . he might never have be at larkhill at all . do you see ? it could all be another smoke screen , a false trail , another cover story -- leader enough ! Susan punch the desk . leader Mr. finch , would you please explain to I the nature of this meeting ?! because I be under the impression that you have some information about the terrorist , codename v! and punch it again until he fist hurt . leader no more question , understand ! I want answer ! I be not interested in where he grow up , what kind of flower he like or he favorite color ! Susan 's collar choke he face to a unnatural crimson . leader do I make myself clear ? finch yes , leader . after a moment , finch stand , Susan hang on he last word . leader dismiss . England prevail , Mr. finch . finch turn , Susan call after he as he leave . leader Mr. finch , the girl . do you have anything on the girl ? finch pause at the door . finch no , leader . not yet . int . cell evey stir as voice drift in from the hall outside she door . man wake up , cow . Three guard be silhouett in the doorway of a cramped jail cell . still sluggish from the chloroform , evey look down at the coarse slipover she 's now wear . one of the man , rossiter , cross toward evey , swinging a pair of shackle . he grab evey , slamm she face down into the hard cot , drive a knee between she shoulder blade . evey scream . guard 1 tsk . this pathetic whore be the famous miss hammond ? the shackle bite down on she wrist as they laugh in the hall . evey you have make a mistake . rossiter stand she up , shove she into the wall . rossiter shut up . evey please . I have not do anything -- he slide a thick hood over she head . rossiter I say shut you hole ! int . interrogation room the hood be lift from she head . evey squint hard , awash in a blind , burn light . a man sit , unmove , at a desk across from she , a guard at he side , both backlit by a harsh white klieg . evey 's eye start to water as she blink . interrogator do you know why you be here . evey hammond ? evey no , please , I do not do anything . interrogator allow I to be more precise . do you participate in the murder of Dr. delia surridge ? evey no . interrogator do you participate in the murder of derek almond , director of the finger ? evey no , I -- interrogator do you participate in the murder of Bishop Anthony lilliman ? evey oh god , I do not -- interrogator have you ever participate in a terrorist act against you country ? evey no -- interrogator what be the identity of codename v? evey I do not know . interrogator you be a lie cunt . a monitor next to the desk light up . from the snowy static , a image begin to form . a girl be talk to a man . she be shove she hip at he , proposition he . when more man appear from the alley , evey realize she be watch herself . evey they be go to rape I , kill I -- rossiter grab a handful of she hair . rossiter shut up . she swallow hard when she see V emerge on the screen . the image freeze on he smile face . interrogator this board will not tolerate any more of you lie , miss hammond . we have over 120 minute of audio and videotape and 75 page of testimonial from eye witness that identify you as a accomplice to the terrorist , codename V. the monitor blink off . interrogator do you want to know why you be here ? you be formally be bring up on charge of murder on fourteen count and sedition against you leader and country which bring a automatic sentence of death . evey please . I do not do anything . interrogator process the prisoner and return she to she cell until she be more cooperative . rossiter slip the hood back over evey 's head . int . processing room evey cry as a rough hand run a pair of electric clipper over she head . huge sheave of she hair fall to the ground . dissolve to : int . cell evey lie crumpled on the hard floor , unmove , as a tray of food be sly through a slot at the bottom of the door . she watch as a rat cross from a hole in the wall , sniff the murky render gelatin in the wooden bowl . dissolve to : int . processing room evey hang limply from a set of manacle as she be wash and delouse by heavy hand . she cough in the yellow bug powder cloud as it burn she eye and the red welt on she back . dissolve to : int . cell evey be curl up on the cot like a dry fetus , now gaunt arm wrap around she leg . she blink when she hear something move in the rat hole . evey raise she head as something be push through the crevice . tentative finger search the hole , pull out a length of toilet paper . over every inch of it be a delicately scrawle message . we move into the rathole , its edge slowly fill the frame until black . ext . interrogation room pull back from a shadow , the outline of the interrogator 's silhouette against sharp light come into frame . evey ( v.o. ) I read she letter . hid it . slept . woke . they question I . and I read she letter again . rossiter be buckle evey 's thin arm and leg into a chair . her now frail frame can barely hold up the fray brown slipover . evey ( v.o. ) over and over ... on the table in front of she , there be a large wash basin of water . rossiter dunk she head into it . evey ( v.o. ) her name be Valerie . int . classroom - day - flashback a teacher read from she lesson plan in front of row and row of uniform pubescence in this all girl private school . her voice drone on and on like muzak . valerie ( v.o. ) I be bear in a rainy burg in Nottingham in 1975 . I pass my eleven plus and go to girl 's grammar . a blonde tomboy sneak a smile to she curly haire friend next to she . valerie ( v.o. ) I meet my first girlfriend at school . her name be Sara . her wrist . her wrist be beautiful . her hand slide across the desk , finger tickle the young flesh of Sara 's wrist . the teacher 's voice slow , drop octave , become -- int . biology lab - day - flashback a man 's voice . valerie ( v.o. ) I sit in biology class stare at the pickle rabbit fetus while Mr. herd say it be a adolescent phase that people outgrew . Valerie look at Sara across the room , she head down in shame . valerie ( v.o. ) Sara do . I do not . int . live room - day - flashback two teenage girl stand in front of a middle age couple . they be hold hand . valerie ( v.o. ) in 1994 , I stop pretend and take a girl call christine home to meet my parent . the grey woman repeat the sign of the cross over and over , sobbing into a handkerchief . her husband 's face be contort in disgust . valerie ( v.o. ) a week later I move to London to go to college and study drama . my mother say I break she heart . ext . park - day - flashback two young woman cuddle on a park bench under a London summer sky , feed the pigeon . valerie ( v.o. ) but it be my integrity that be important . be that so selfish ? it sell for so little but it 's all we have leave in this place ... the black haire girl nibble on the blonde 's ear . valerie ( v.o. ) it be the very last inch of we ... int . interrogation room evey struggle against rossiter 's weight who keep she head submerge . valerie ( v.o. ) but within that inch we be free . interrogator enough . rossiter wrench back and evey suck hard for air , cough out water . interrogator now miss hammond , let we review the fact . evey stare at he , eye red , heart pound in she ear . interrogator you work for codename V. codename V kill delia surridge and then derek almond with you help and that be why you be find outside she home . evey begin to shake she head , water sluice off she thin face . interrogator be not that what happen , miss hammond ? evey no . no , that be not true -- interrogator oh dear , rossiter ? rossiter grab evey 's neck -- evey no , wait ! plung she head into the bowl . Water fill evey 's nose and ear . valerie ( v.o. ) London . I be happy in London . int . theatre - night - flashback the pack house watch as a Prince kneel before a woman 's bare foot with a slipper of glass . valerie ( v.o. ) I play dandini in cinderella . the woman glance into the dark sea of face . valerie ( v.o. ) the world be strange and rustling with invisible crowd behind the hot light and all that breathless glamour . ext . meadow - day - flashback two woman weep in each other 's arm , embrace in a perfect knee high meadow . valerie ( v.o. ) work improve . I get small film role , then bigger one . the blonde woman brushes away a tear from the other 's cheek . valerie ( v.o. ) in 2006 , I star in " the Salt flat . " that 's where I meet Ruth . we fall in love . we pull back and see we be on location for a movie and the two woman be be film . int . condo - night - flashback Ruth and Valerie sit on the couch watch television . on the table behind they be a bouquet of violet carson rose . valerie ( v.o. ) every Valentine 's Day she send I rose and , oh god , we have so much . that be the best three year of my life . the two woman stare at the newscast in tear , the sound of march come from the set 's speaker . valerie ( v.o. ) in 2010 , they come . ext . london STREET - day - flashback the sound of march explode as column of man in brown uniform and jack boot fill the street . valerie ( v.o. ) and after that there be no more rose ... int . interrogation room rossiter press he elbow onto evey 's neck , hold she submerge . valerie ( v.o. ) not for anybody . rossiter let evey up . her red burnt lung gulp at the air . valerie ( v.o. ) after the takeover , they start round up the gay . they take Ruth while she be out look for food . evey blink hard , black firework explode in she eye . valerie ( v.o. ) why be they so frighten of we ? she wheeze , on the edge of unconsciousness . valerie ( v.o. ) they burn she face with cigarettes and make she give they my name . she sign a statement say I would seduce she . the interrogator 's voice melt into a slag heap of sound with the hot , rhythmic pound in she ear . valerie ( v.o. ) I do not blame she . God , I love she but I do not blame she . rossiter uncuff evey , slip the black bag over she head . valerie ( v.o. ) but she do . evey 's knee buckle as he force she to stand . valerie ( v.o. ) she kill herself in she cell . she could not live with betray I , with give up that last inch . oh , Ruth . evey weave down the hall . rossiter shove she from behind . valerie ( v.o. ) they come for I . they shave off my hair . they hold my head down a toilet and tell lesbian joke . they bring I here and pump I full of chemical . the cell door swing open . valerie ( v.o. ) I can not feel my tongue . I can not speak . rossiter yank the hood from she head and push she in . valerie ( v.o. ) it be strange that my life should end in such a terrible place but for three year I have rose and apologize to nobody . the iron door slam shut , lock ringing in the stale air . valerie ( v.o. ) I shall die here . every inch of I shall perish ... evey roll to she knee . valerie ( v.o. ) except one . she crawl for the rat hole . valerie ( v.o. ) a inch . it be small and fragile and it 's the only thing in the world that 's worth have . her shaking hand pull the letter from the stone crevice . valerie ( v.o. ) we must never lose it or sell it or give it away . we must never let they take it from we . evey clutches it like a rosary as she begin to cry . valerie ( v.o. ) I do not know who you be but I hope you escape this place . I hope that the world turn and thing get better and that one day people have rose again . she hold the note to she face , she tear soaking into the fragile paper . valerie ( v.o. ) I do not know who you be but I love you . I love you . Valerie . slowly , evey slip away , succumb to blackness . evey ( v.o. ) I have come to know every inch of that four wall in that dark hell and they know every inch of I . every inch ... int . interrogation room loud light blare against evey 's solemn face . evey ( v.o. ) except one . a type document sit on a small tray table in front of she . interrogator " my name be evey hammond . on the 5th of November 2019 , I be abduct by the terrorist know as codename V and then take against my will to a unknown location . " rossiter hover just behind she as the interrogator read she confession . interrogator " once there , I be systematically brainwash by mean physical and psychological . I be frequently subject to sexual abuse during this period . " evey 's expression be unchange . interrogator " eventually I be terrorize into help he commit the murder of derek almond , Dr. delia surridge , and Anthony lilliman , Bishop of westminster . " rossiter drop a pen on the table . interrogator " I , the undersign , swear that the above statement be genuine and that it be not sign by mean of intimidation . " the pen slowly rock to a stop . interrogator we would like you to sign that for we , miss hammond . where we have put the little cross . she blink . evey no . interrogator as you wish . rossiter begin unbuckle evey 's restraint . interrogator escort miss hammond back to she cell , rossiter , where she will wait while you arrange a wet detail of six man . he force evey to she foot . interrogator then take she out behind the chemical shed and shoot she . int . cell the door open behind evey as she reread Valerie 's letter for the last time . rossiter it 's time , unless you want to change you mind . she hold the tatter piece of toilet paper to she chest . rossiter sign that statement . you could be out inside three year . perhaps they would find you a job with the finger . evey close she eye . evey thank you but I would rather die behind the chemical shed . her last word hang in the air . rossiter then there 's nothing leave to threaten you with , be there ? you be free . he turn and leave . evey what ? she listen as he footstep fade down the hall , the door hang weirdly open . evey take a few tentative step toward the door and stick she head out into the empty hall , peer down both way . slowly , she emerge from she cell , retrace she path down the hall that she blindfold never allow she to see . quietly inching along the wall , evey peek around a corner , gasp at the rigid guard stand off to the side . there be something about the man 's freeze stare that keep she from run . evey straighten and cross to the guard . it be a mannequin . she touch he , the wheeled platform he be mount on roll back against the wall . int . interrogation room the door creak open as evey enter the room where for so long she be question and torture . she cross to the freeze interrogator sit at he desk . her finger brushes lightly against the plastic hand , then evey rap a knuckle on he hollow wooden head . around he neck a small speaker hang from a cord . evey drift uneasily into a back room where a discard prison guard 's uniform hang on a rack . on a table next to a wig and pair of glove , the rat look up at she through the bar of its tiny cage . she move through another door , the wind suddenly knock from she chest as she finally see where she prison be build -- int . shadow gallery V step from the shadow . V welcome home , evey . evey you ... her mouth hang open . evey you do this ... to I . evey 's rail thin figure begin to shake . evey you do this to I ! she stumble against the wall , unable to support herself . evey you -- you hit I and -- and cut my hair . it be you . it be just you all this time . she double over , cover she face as she burst into tear . evey you torture I . you torture I -- evey look up at he , body shiver as he quietly glide toward she . evey oh god , why ? V because I love you , evey . because I want to set you free . evey Love ? a look of horror twist she starve face . evey set I free ? do not you realize ? slender finger ball into fist . evey do not you realize what you do to I ? you nearly drive I mad ! disgust and anger light up she eye . evey I hate you . her little , wiry body coil tight as she circle he . evey I hate you ! set I free ? you put I in a prison to set I free ?! V you be already in a prison . you have be in a prison all you life . evey shut up ! I do not want to hear it . I be not in a prison . I be happy ! I be happy here -- V happiness be the most insidious prison of all , evey . evey that 's warpe ! that 's evil and it 's wrong ! what give you the right to judge ? who be you to say what 's not good enough ?! V you be bear in a prison , evey . I do not put you there . I just show you the bar . you have be in a prison so long , you no longer believe there 's a outside world . she wheel away from he , cover she ear , try to get away from he voice . evey shut up ! you be mad ! I do not want to hear it ! V that 's because you be afraid , evey . you be afraid because you can feel freedom close in on you . you be afraid because freedom be terrifying . evey fall , stumbling through the labyrinth of the shadow Gallery . evey I can not feel anything ! there 's nothing leave to feel ! do not you understand ? V do not back away from it , evey . part of you understand the truth even as part pretend not to . she collapse , head pound . V woman , this be the most important moment in you life . do not run from it . evey I do not know what -- oh god -- I can not breathe -- V couch next to she . V good . you be almost there . go closer . feel the shape of it . evey what be you do to I ? I can not breathe -- V you be in a cell . they offer you a choice between the death of you principle and the death of you body . he cradle she as she hyperventilate , tear stream down she face . evey I feel -- I feel like I be go to burst . V you say you would rather die . you face the fear of you own death and you be calm . try to feel now what you feel then . evey oh god -- I feel -- the mask hover over she . evey like a angel -- he squeeze she shudder body . evey oh god , V , I be so scared . what 's happen to I ? V the door of the cage be open , evey . all that you feel be the wind from outside . do not be afraid . gently , he lift she . V try to walk . the lift will take we to the roof . evey the roof ? outside ? he help she to a open elevator . evey I -- I do not want to be blindfolded . V no , evey . no more blindfold . the cage in the elevator rattles shut . ext . roof - night the two figure stand in the door of the roof access , a raging tempest ooze from a split sky . something draw evey out into the storm . slowly , she walk beneath it , the wind and rain pound against she thin frame . evey let the coarse slipover fall to the ground and stare straight up into the storm , naked , the element soaking into she very be . V move up behind she . V do you feel it ? evey everything 's so -- different . V I know . five year ago , I too stare beneath a night like this . nake under a roaring sky . a low rumble of thunder wash over London . V the night be yours , evey . seize it . encircle it within you arm . his word buffet against she with the sheet of rain . V bury it in you heart up to the hilt . she raise she arm to embrace the raging torrent . V become transfix and transfigure -- a jag bolt of lightning shatter the sky . V forever . ext . new government build finch get out of a police car and look up the black face of the modern building . he sigh and tap he pipe against the heel of he shoe . dascombe finch ! finch turn to find dascombe hurry towards he . dascombe do you know what this be all about ? finch no , but I can guess . dascombe what ? finch " remember , remember , the fifth of November . " dascombe oh come on . he 's long go . he have to be . he do what he come to do and it 's over . finch chew on he pipe . dascombe be not it ? finch not for we . he turn and head into the building . fade out . fade in : ext . new government build - day a dark November sky hang like a shroud over the building . leader ( v.o. ) a year , gentleman . int . council conference room the head of each department be gather around a table of black granite . Peter creedy , sit back out of the light , be the new head of the finger . leader I have give you almost a year and you have give I nothing . nothing ! he glare at finch . dascombe now Adam , there be no one better than finch and you know it . leader yes , Mr. dascombe , I do know it . it be that very fact that keep I awake at night , wonder if perhaps there be a reason that Mr. finch have fail . finch what be you say ? leader I be say that perhaps I do not know you as well as I think I do . finch be you ask for my resignation ? leader no , I be ask for some goddamn result ! dascombe it 's not finch 's fault , Adam . conrad we have all be look . the man simply disappear . etheridge vanish . dascombe he 's go , Adam . it 's over . the leader tremble like a volcano set to blow . leader it 's over , be it ? he 's go . vanish , you say ? the leader grab a large box from the floor and hurl ream of computer printout across the table . leader transcript record over the last thirty day in which the terrorist be talk about or mention in a positive context . this be only thirty day ! he punch a " play " button and a wall of monitor blink on . it be a recording of a television variety show . a character that be make to look like Adam Susan be give a speech . a woman be dress like V except that the only thing she be wear under she cloak be a garter belt , stocking and high heel . V sneak up behind Susan and yank he pants down . Susan be outrage but when he give chase he trip over he pants . the audience hoot and howl . the leader kill the tape . leader be this what you consider , " disappear ? " dascombe for god 's sake , Adam , it 's a stupid variety show . leader Mr. creedy , I want the producer , writer , and actor of that " stupid variety show " arrest and charge with sedition . creedy yes , sir . dascombe you can not be serious -- leader push I , Roger , push I and you ' will find out how serious I be . he stare each of they to silence . leader this , this V be still out there . I can feel he like a sickness worm its way into the heart and mind of the public . something must be do , and do quickly , to exorcise this demon for the very soul of this country be at stake . he pause . leader that be why I be compel to give each and every one of you notice that if by the fifth of November you be still give I nothing more than excuse , I will have to revoke you party status and terminate you position . everyone be stunne . leader Mr. creedy , I will speak with you in private . the rest of you be dismiss . England prevail . int . leader' private quarter the leader stand at the window . leader Mr. creedy , as the new head of the finger , you be the most important member of my cabinet . creedy I , uh , appreciate you faith in I . leader you predecessor , Mr. almond , be a good man , a man who understand what strength in unity mean , a man who , above all , love he country . I need to know if you be such a man . his eye bore into he . leader do you love you country , Mr. creedy ? ext . alleyway a police car be park in a dark alley . it be raining and the window of the car be completely steam . creedy oh god , yes ! he be sweat , he knuckle white as he squeeze the steering wheel , panting . we hear a noise like a very wet kiss and then a woman 's voice . helen " the most important member of my cabinet . " yes it be , be not it , dear ? helen lift she head out of he lap . her lipstick be smear about she mouth . creedy oh , do not stop . helen I stop when you stop . what do he say next ? creedy I can not -- she whisper in he ear while play with he lap . helen come on , Peter , what be you afraid of ? almond use to tell I everything and you be twice the man he be . creedy he ask I ... if I love my country . helen oh yes , I can tell you do love you country , almost as much as you love this ... she lower she head into this lap . creedy oh god ... helen go on . creedy then he ask I to do something ... oh , oh ... helen what ? creedy helen , I can not . I can not tell you . helen lift she head . helen he tell you to frame someone as the terrorist . creedy my god ?! how do you know that ? helen I know Adam Susan . now who be it ? creedy no way . I can not tell you that . helen yes you can , honey . you can and you will . you have to trust I , love . we be go to help each other . creedy helen , please . helen look at that face . you see ? you be just burst to tell I . her head drop back down . creedy moan . helen now who be it ? creedy it be ... fi ... fi ... finch ! the name seem to orgasm from he mouth . int . finch' apartment finch sit alone in he modest apartment , read a book . the book be koesterler 's , " the root of coincidence . " a old CD player be play music , a bach piano concerto . int . shadow gallery V be play the exact same concerto on he piano , he glove finger gracefully flitting across the key . evey enter the gallery . her hair have grow out but be still short . she project a kind of strength that come from a deep inner peace . V coax the final delicate note and let they softly fade . evey that be beautiful . she walk up to he and take the smile face in she hand . evey I have want to do this for a long time . she bend and gently kiss the freeze lip . evey thank you , V. thank you for everything you have do for I . V you do it all yourself , evey . I just provide the backdrop but the drama be all you own . evey it be a good backdrop . I believe it . I really do . it 's still a bit hard for I to accept that it be not real . that it be just you . especially the letter . she take the letter from she pocket . evey it be a beautiful letter , V. every time I read it I could feel Valerie , almost like she be hold I . I believe in she most of all . I believe that she love I and I love she back . she look down . evey I feel a bit foolish tell you this . I know that you must have write it and think you should have it back . V but I do not write that letter , evey . evey what ? V come with I . int . valerie' room it be a shrine . the wall be cover with movie poster and review and picture of a actress name Valerie page . we recognize she as the woman choose for the medical block just before V. everywhere there be flower box fill with bloom rose ; violet carson . evey Valerie ? V yes. Valerie page . she be the woman in room four . evey she 's beautiful . V she write the letter just before she die . I deliver it to you as it be deliver to I . the word you wept over be the same word that transformed I . evey smile and bend to smell the rose . evey rose . you grow they for she . V yes . evey they be beautiful . V evey , do you know what day it be ? evey two day before the first day we meet . V you remember . evey you be plan something , be not you , v? V you know I too well now . evey what be you go to do ? V I be go to fulfill a old promise . evey cock a eyebrow . V I will show you . int . underground stairwell carry a lantern , V lead evey down a dark stone staircase . evey I have never be here before . V yes . it be the deep part of my home . once you know it , I should think you will know everything . he push a button and a secret passage open in a heavy stone wall . there be a small narrow series of passageway that he guide she through , lead to another door . evey step out into a underground subway station . int . victoria station park beside the concrete platform be a beautiful antique train car . evey oh , V , it 's lovely . where on earth do you find it ? V in a way , I suppose it really find I . evey step into the train car and find it fill with little package wrap in wax paper . evey what 's in this package ? V gelignite . she scream and almost drop one . V careful . evey what be you go to do with all of it ? V I tell you . I be go to finish what be start four hundred year ago . evey where do this train go ? V this be the old Victoria line but it be block , block somewhere between whitehall and St. James . evey whitehall ... V , that 's the New government Building . V nod . evey but the underground have be shut down for year . how be you go to make it run without any power ? V I just think I might ask they to turn it on for I . int . leader' office the leader sit bath in the flicker image of the fate computer . leader yes , Mr. creedy ? creedy everything 's set , sir . no worry . leader when ? creedy tonight . on one of the screen , a television program have just begin . announcer tonight on tale from the Bible , a story of treachery and betrayal from the Book of Daniel . we cut from that screen to another screen -- int . jordan tower - control booth the television studio where Roger dascombe survey a large bank of monitor fill with the image of typically vapid television entertainment . dascombe all of London 's wait . ready , two . and here we go -- a player lock on as a record program begin . we move in as the logo slashes across the screen : Storm saxon . announcer tonight , England 's great hero repel the force of darkness in a brand new episode . we pull back from the show 's open teaser and find ourselves look at a small television . int . jordan tower in the delivery bay at the back of Jordan tower , five security guard be rivete to the heroic action of Storm saxon . heidi oh , Storm . save I ! save I ! STORM you mongrel trash , if you harm she ! mongrel trash look out , de white debil have a laser lugar ! behind they , a shadowy figure in a cloak and tall hat enter the load bay . guard hey , what the -- ? they all turn and find a smile V. they go for they weapon . V go for they . it be brutal and quick , knife slice in bloody arc , body kick and throw with superhuman power . the tv crash to the ground and we move in at it as Storm saxon stand triumphant beside he buxom lass . heidi oh Storm , hold I . hold I tight . we pull back on another television screen inside -- int . finch' office dominic be chew on a hamburger , engross in Storm saxon . across the room , finch be read the " root of coincidence . " finch I do not know how you stand that tripe . dominic answer with a mouthful of cheeseburger . dominic es gooh . finch shake he head , reach for he pipe . he realize he be out of tobacco . he slide open the bottom desk drawer and he eye almost pop out of he head . he stare into the drawer like someone stare at he own tombstone . dominic finch ? finch , what 's wrong ? slowly , he lift something from the drawer . on he desk , he lay out several knife , a cloak , a hat , and a smile mask . dominic what the hell ? finch lift the mask and almost have to laugh . finch do not you see , dominic ? he put the mask to he face . finch I be V. int . jordan tower V emerge from a elevator and immediately attack several more guard . a surveillance camera watch as V step over they slump , break body . int . control CENTER the security guard see V on the monitor come directly down the hall . guard bloody hell ! he grab the machine gun , aim it just as V kick open the door . guard freeze ! V stop . at least five guard have train they weapon on he . he be surround . slowly , he lift he arm as though surrender . his cloak open , revealing enough tnt to level the entire building . in he hand be the plunger detonator . guard fuck all . V nod . int . finch' office the door burst open as creedy and a group of heavily armed fingerman muscle in . dominic creedy ? what the hell 's go on ? creedy I be here to arrest Mr. finch for act of treason and terrorism . dominic you can not be serious . creedy if I be you , boy , I would shut my hole unless you want to start explain why you do not say nothing about Mr. finch 's secret identity . int . jordan tower V follow Roger dascombe into the main control booth . the door shut behind they and they be alone . all around they be the laugh track and gunshot of the evening 's entertainment . V put he hand into he cloak and pull out a videotape . he hand it to dascombe . int . finch' office finch glare at creedy . finch why do not you just shoot I , creedy ? would not that make everything a lot simpler ? creedy yeah , I suppose it would . creedy smile , he finger tightening on the trigger when -- dominic Holy Christ ! creedy , you stupid ape ! if finch be V then tell I who be that ? he point at the television where V sit calmly at a desk in front of the " vtv " logo . V good evening , London . creedy bloody fuckin ' hell . V I think it be time we have a little talk . finch he have to be at Jordan tower . come on ! finch and dominic rush out of the room . creedy look at he confuse man . creedy do not just stand there ! follow they ! int . leader' office V smile at the horrify Adam Susan . V be you sit comfortably ? good . then I will begin . the leader scream , pound on fate . leader damn you ! damn you ! he hit the intercom . leader Lieutenant , ready my transport . I want every armed man within a hundred mile at Jordan tower . now ! we move in at vtv . V right now , I imagine there be hundred of soldier rush here to kill I because someone do not want we to talk . we pull back in -- int . live room a family watch television . in the background , two child be squabbling . mother hush . turn it up . the husband do . V 's voice get louder as we move towards he . V they be afraid that I be go to say the thing that be not suppose to be say . they be afraid that I be go to say the truth . int . apartment a man sit on he couch , mesmerize by V. V the truth be that there be something terribly wrong with this country , be not there ? if you look about , you witness cruelty , injustice and despotism . but what do you do about it ? what can you do ? he pop he beer tab and the beer foam over the couch but he do not seem to notice . int . finch' police car the car race wildly towards Jordan tower as finch and dominic listen to the broadcast on the radio . V ( v.o. ) you be but a single individual . how can you possible make any difference ? individual have no power in this modern world . that be what you have be teach because that be what they need you to believe . but it be not true . int . leader' transport the leader seethes , stare at three television monitor in he limo which be all fill with V. V this be why they be afraid and the reason that I be here ; to remind you that it be individual who always hold the power . the real power . individual like I . and individual like you . int . kitty kat keller the bar be almost completely soundless except for the voice of V. people stare at the television as if the moment be somehow suspend in time . V I have come to offer you a deal . if you accept , I will give you a different world . a world without curfew , without soldier and surveillance system . a world that be not run by other man but that be run by you . I be offer you a second chance . ext . jordan tower the military force have begin to swarm . V four hundred year ago , a great citizen make a most significant contribution to we common culture . it be a contribution forge in secrecy and stealth although it be best remember in noise and bright light . ext . television store a crowd have gather , watch through the window . V to commemorate that glorious night at precisely the stroke of midnight , the edifice of they world will erupt with enough sound and fury to shake the earth . all I ask be that you join I at the gate to watch as the past be erase , the pathway clear so that together we can start toward a new day . ext . jordan tower the leader climb out of he limo and be meet by one of he captain . leader I want this man dead ! I want he shot on sight ! captain yes , sir . int . finch' car finch can see the force gather outside Jordan tower . V ( v.o. ) but , you ask , who be I to make such promise ? a fair question but hardly necessary as you know I already . to know I any more you need only look to a mirror . finch catch a glimpse of himself in the mirror . int . control booth vtv fill every screen . V Truth be tell , this be not even my idea , be it ? if you think back , you will remember that night , whisper in you lover 's arm . I become a part of you plan just as you have now become part of mine . give I the line of the queen and I will give you you secret dream . int . jordan tower - hallway a heavy batter ram be rush down the hall , carry by four soldier . V ( v.o. ) on the twelfth stroke of the fifth day of the eleventh month , I hope we shall all meet again . ext . television store the crowd be much larger . V until then , I bid you goodnight . every screen suddenly go black . the crowd turn to each other , unsure of what to do . int . control booth the door explode open . V be stand alone , almost as if wait for they . before he can even move , they shoot . Machine gun fire light up the room . V 's body dance and jerk backward , smash through a observation window -- falling to the television stage below . int . hall a path be clear for the leader . as he head into the television studio , a armed soldier be head in the opposite direction . it be impossible to tell because of the dark face plate but it look like the soldier be smile . the leader shove he way onto the main stage . a group of soldier be gather around the body . leader who be it ? who be he ? the mask be pried off , revealing the lifeless face of Roger dascombe . to the leader , it be a obvious revelation . leader Roger dascombe ! of course . of course ! it make such perfect sense . captain Sir , I think there have be a mistake . leader no ! there be no mistake ! captain but sir , there be people that say they see both the terrorist and dascombe together -- leader who ? who be this people ? they must be detain immediately . whatever they see or whatever they think they see be subordinate to the truth and that truth be that Roger dascombe be the terrorist and the terrorist be dead ! finch but I think I be the terrorist . finch 's voice stop the leader cold . leader finch , what be you do here ? finch since I be not in jail and since you have another , even more convenient suspect . I be guess the charge have be drop . leader be careful , finch . finch I be careful , sir . always . that be why I suggest that a search of this building begin immediately . leader the terrorist be dead ! finch with all due respect , I disagree and I believe that he be presently try to get out of this building disguise as one of we . leader be you challenging my authority ? finch no sir , I be try to run a investigation -- leader I be try to run a country ! when I tell you , Mr. finch , the terrorist be dead , then the terrorist be dead ! if you continue to suggest otherwise then you will leave I no choice but to have you arrest on charge of sedition . do I make myself clear ? he eye the room . everyone be silent . leader now , it be imperative for the people of London to know that they be safe , that the terrorist be dead and everything be under control . the leader storm past finch who look at dascombe and bite down on he pipe . ext . CITY STREET one of the ear 's black van have be modify with large speaker wire to the roof . as the van roll down the street , the speaker drine with a looped message . speaker the terrorist be dead . no further threat exist . everything be under control . out of the back , soldier hurl leaflet that swirl and flutter in the van 's wake . the little girl on the bicycle that we see earlier stop and pick up one of the leaflet . it have a picture with the body of Roger dascombe beneath the headline , " the terrorist be dead ! London be safe once again ! " little girl bollock . she crumble the leaflet and throw it . little girl bollock ! she get off she bike and take something out of the backpack . little girl he 's not dead ! it 's all bollock ! turn to a nearby wall , she spray paint a large circle around a " V " . int . finch' office a recording of vtv play on the small television . V ... if you give I the line of the queen , I will give you you secret dream . dominic freeze the image ; V stare at they , smile . finch play it again . dominic come on , finch . we have see it fifty time . I mean , after what they do to you , I do not know why we be even try to stop he . finch stare out the window . finch I do not know . for twenty seven year , I have be at this job . twenty seven year , I have do what I have be tell to do . maybe that 's all there be to it . I be just a dumb old dog . a dumb old dog that only know one trick . dominic that be not it , finch . it 's more than that . I know you . it 's something personal with this one . finch smile . finch maybe . and maybe I be not ready for a revolution . dominic well , we get less than thirty hour to stop it . finch we will . dominic how ? finch it 's on the tape . I know it . I can feel it . he do this for a reason . he need something . dominic what ? finch the line of the Queen ? dominic but what do that mean ? finch maybe it 's a line from Shakespeare . or a book . I do not know . he rewind and start the tape . V ... this be not even my idea , be it ? finch but right here . he 's talk to someone . someone specific . someone who know what he want . V if you think back , you will -- int . conrad' bedroom V continue on a different television . V remember that night , whisper in you lover 's arm . helen heyer be lie on she bed , eat chocolate , watch V through calculate eye . at she foot , we hear a suckling noise that suddenly stop . conrad helen ? helen , why do you want that tape ? helen shut up , conrad . I be think . she shove she foot back into he mouth and he continue to suck on it and each of she toe . V ... now you have become a part of mine . helen how ? how do you know that ? conrad move up she ankle , lick and kissing he way to she knee . conrad know what , my love ? V give I the line of the Queen and I will give you you secret dream . she freeze the tape . her eye light up and she smile back at he . helen all right . you have a deal . conrad lick along the inside of she thigh until she slap he . helen oh no ! not you . conrad . not yet . here you can have a chocolate . open up . open ! she shove the candy in he mouth . helen good boy . as for the rest of the box , perhaps when you be leader . she smile . helen right now I need something else conrad . I need you to use that pretty little brain for I . you know all about the old underground , do not you ? he nod still gag with the candy . helen I need to know everything , understand ? everything . int . leader' office there be camera set in front of the large black leather chair so that the flash image and data of the fate computer system can be see behind the leader . a makeup artist matte down the leader 's lipstick . assistant director ready in five , leader . the makeup artist adjust one last hair and scurries off . assistant director in four , three ... he point and the camera 's red light go on . int . live room the same family , the same squabbling child watch as a " special bulletin " interrupt a laugh track . leader good evening London . as leader of this great country , I feel it imperative to speak with you and to assure you once and for all that the shadow that recently fall across we land have indeed pass . woman oh , for fuck 's sake . ext . television store - night no one be watch . leader what we have endure this long year be no accident , no mere coincidence . this be not a simple act of terror conduct by a singular madman . no , this be a test . int . kitty kat keller a drunk struggle up onto he bar stool block the tv . leader it be not I , nor the Party , nor the government that be threaten this year . it be we belief . we faith . I believe that God himself bore witness to we struggle and like job I believe that we have be vindicate . the drunk raise he glass . drunk remember fifth of November ! the bar cheer . int . leader' office the leader reach for he Bible . leader how do I know this ? let I read to you where I find the answer , where I so often find the answer . in the scripture . revelation . ext . STREET corner - night the megaphone blast the leader 's voice . leader ( v.o. ) " if any man have a ear , let he hear . " int . finch' office there be stack of printout everywhere . leader ( v.o. ) " he that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity ; he that killeth with the sword shall be kill with the sword . here be the patience and faith of the Saints . " finch stop read , listen to the radio . leader ( v.o. ) " and I beheld another beast come out of the Earth ; and he have two horn like a lamb and he spake as a dragon . " int . shadow gallery another radio crackle with the leader 's voice . leader ( v.o. ) " and he doeth great wonder , so that he maketh fire come down from Heaven on the Earth in the sight of man . " V nod , almost laugh as evey enter the gallery . leader ( v.o. ) " and he deceiveth they that dwell on the Earth by the mean of that miracle which he have the power to do -- " evey oh , V , turn it off , please . V of course , my dear . he reach over and change the frequency . we hear voice , hushed and secret but we recognize they . creedy ( v.o. ) but how do he know ? helen ( v.o. ) I do not know . all I know be he do ... and I know what he want . the voice be labor , punctuate by gasp and moan . evey what be that , V ? V that , evey , be what I have be wait for . creedy ( v.o. ) do you know what I want ? I want you just like this ... bent over that black leather chair ... we be pull by the radio into -- int . creedy bedroom where we see a tiny microphone hide in the ceiling light above the bed . helen moan as we drift down , glimpsing helen , she arm reach for the edge of the bed , she back arching up towards creedy , behind she , smile . creedy what about conrad ? helen I tell you , I will handle conrad and V will take care of Susan . the mob will take care of the guard and then ... you can use the finger to take over . creedy use the finger ? you mean like this ? he insert a finger into she . helen oh ... oh ... that be vulgar ... creedy but you like it ? helen yes , oh yes , oh you be a pig , Peter ... creedy that I be , miss . but I be the pig that 's gonna be run this country . that send a shiver through helen 's body . helen yes and I be ... I be go to be Eva ... oh Eva ... her eye close and she fist knot the sheet . helen " do not cry for I argen ... oh argen ... argen ... tina ! the word be almost lose in she orgasm . ext . london the sun rise over London . it be the morning of the fourth . int . finch' office finch look through the blind at the morning sun . he have be up all night . he check he watch : 6:00 be . finch eighteen hour . rubbing the knot in he neck , he turn back to he office which be now bury beneath mound of paper . dominic be pass out , sprawle on the couch , and clutching a printout from Spencer 's " Fairy Queen . " finch dominic ! dominic jump , immediately search the printout . finch dominic , go home . dominic but I have still get over three hundred line from the Fairy Queen . finch forget it . there 's no more time . you go home and get some rest . you be go to need it tonight . dominic let the papers fall to the floor . dominic he 's get we , do not he , finch ? finch yes , he do . ext . new government build conrad pull he car into he reserve space . int . car helen hold conrad 's chin the way a mother hold a child when she be tell they something important . helen now listen to I , conrad . this be the most important moment of we life . everything I have work and hope for come to this . Susan be a very dangerous man , especially now , that 's why I need you , conrad . I need you to be stronger than he . I need you to be the better man . understand ? conrad nod . helen if you do this conrad , and you do it right , I be go to turn you from the little man I marry into the man of my dream . conrad oh , helen . he embrace she to kiss but she turn she perfectly paint lip . helen not on the lip . ardently , he kiss she cheek . int . finch' office finch sit alone , palm press to he bleary eye . finch give it up , old man . you be not even sure you want to stop he . with a red pen , he begin absently draw red circle around any V he see on any piece of paper . victim . vector . value . Victory . word from quote and list . suddenly , he stop . carefully , as if reach to touch a butterfly , he slip a single sheet out from the sheave cover he desk . the paper have a long list : the name of all the queen of England . he have circle in red the V in Victoria . when it hit he , it hit he like a fall safe . finch Christ ! that 's it ! it 's get to be it ! int . leader' office the intercom click on . lieutenant ( v.o. ) Sir , Mr. heyer be here to see you . say it 's urgent . and he 's here with he wife , sir . leader his wife ? lieutenant ( v.o. ) Sir , yes , sir -- wait , you can not go -- the door slap open . helen leader , I be terribly sorry but I absolutely must speak with you . the leader wave the Lieutenant off . helen I have something to tell you , something important but -- she glance at conrad . helen I can tell you and only you . in private . the leader study she . helen it be a matter of national security . ext . CITY STREET in he car , finch race to a corner and slam on the brake . he get out , stare at a shadow on the ground : a " V " in a circle . the shadow be cast by a sign for Victoria Station , part of the abandon subway . the gate be chain shut . he fire he pistol into the lock , kick open the rusting gate , and descend into the underground . int . leader' private quarter the leader close the door behind they . leader now what 's this all about , Mrs. heyer ? helen please , forgive I . I have be so afraid , afraid to come here to talk to you . I think he must know . I be terrify he know but I have to come because I know you be the only one that can protect I . leader protect you from what ? she be unable to go on , seemingly about to burst into tear . leader come now , Mrs. heyer . he touch she and it be all she need . she bury she face into he chest . helen you will not let he hurt I , will you ? leader let who hurt you ? helen the terrorist . leader the terrorist be dead . helen oh , how I want to believe it , leader , but I know it 's not true . leader how ? helen because I know who the terrorist be . int . leader' office conrad be alone with fate . he glance about nervously , move closer and closer . his finger reach out and graze the main keyboard . take a deep breath , he turn and begin to type . int . private quarter the leader take hold of helen by she shoulder . leader who ? who be it , woman ? helen it 's conrad , leader . conrad . my husband be the terrorist . leader what ?! int . leader' office conrad access the department of water and power . he find the correct file and begin rerout power to a once dead system . int . v's train station a hang light suddenly sizzle to life . V look up , smile . int . leader' private quarter the leader stare hard at helen . leader how do you know ? helen I see he , leader . in the middle of the night . I hear something . I go to the landing and that 's when I see it . she clutches he . helen that mask . that hideous smile mask . leader but how do you know it be heyer ? helen I know , leader . I know the way a woman know . leader but you have no proof ? helen proof ? leader yes , proof ? this be a extremely delicate situation , Mrs. heyer . it have be report that the terrorist be dead . it would be a catastrophe to arrest a man now without concrete , conclusive proof . do you have any evidence at all ? tear well up in helen 's eye as she shake she head . leader but if you be right , if heyer be indeed the terrorist ... his eye fly wide and he spin away from she , throw open the door . helen leader ! wait ! int . leader' office conrad sit calmly across the room . conrad be everything all right ? helen ? leader yes , Mr. heyer , you wife have do she duty to she country . he turn to helen . leader do not worry , Mrs. heyer . you will be take care of . I will launch a immediate investigation and I promise , you will be the first to know when a arrest will be make . conrad investigation of what ? leader subversion , Mr. heyer . you wife be privy to the dialogue of subversive . that 's all you need to know at this time . Lieutenant ! the Lieutenant appear almost instantly . leader the heyer be leave . I need to see Mr. creedy at once . helen look up at the leader , a smile hide near the corner of she perfect red lip . helen thank you , sir . the leader nod . int . new government build helen and conrad get out of the elevator , stand beneath the row of new party flag that line the lobby . helen I want you to go straight to you office and wait for I to call . when I do , I want you to come immediately home . understood ? conrad yes , helen . she embrace he , press she body against he . helen oh , conrad , I be so proud of you . conrad I do it , helen . I do it , do not I ? helen tonight , conrad . conrad tonight . helen I promise you will never forget tonight . she almost kiss he . helen Goodbye , conrad . smiling , she pivot on she heel and head for the door . he reach for she when -- guard Mr. heyer ! Mr. heyer ! the front desk guard rush towards he . conrad yes ? guard Sir , this package arrive for you , sir . he hand he a small , brown wrap box . conrad thank you . he look back for helen but she be already go . int . subway a single flashlight beam creep toward we as finch search the detritus of the dead train line . int . conrad' car sitting at a stoplight , conrad decide to open the package . Inside be a cassette tape . the light change and a car behind he honk . he start forward and insert the tape . int . subway finch crawl up onto the platform of V 's hide station , stare at the beautiful old train car . int . conrad' car strangle the steering wheel , conrad listen to the tape . the speedometer climb as everything seem to accelerate . tape ( v.o. ) do you know what I want ? I want you just like this ... bent over that black leather chair . helen moan . int . train car finch step inside the car , he flashlight sweeping over the stack of gelignite . finch oh my god . int . conrad' car a scream build in conrad . with tear in he eye , he stare out the windshield but see only the image create by the tape . tape ( v.o. ) use the finger ?... you mean like this ?... oh ... that 's vulgar ... but you like it ?... yes ... oh yes . conrad lose control and the car careen up onto the sidewalk and smashes into a brick wall . lift he bloody forehead , conrad look out and see the ubiquitous poster partially destroy by the crash : " strength through purity , purity through faith . " int . train car finch hear something and jerk back , almost fall out of the car . aiming he gun , he find no one . he turn and bolt . as the sound of he footstep fade , V step out of the shadow . int . new government build the leader 's Lieutenant look up from he desk and see finch rush towards he . finch be the leader in ? lieutenant yes , but he 's meeting with the Captain of the Guard . finch perfect . lieutenant Mr. finch , you can not go in -- finch charge through the door . int . leader' office the leader and he Captain turn . leader Mr. finch ? finch leader , I need as many man the Captain can spare and I need they right now . captain what for ? finch to capture codename V. ext . conrad' house creedy open the trunk of he car . in the phosphorescent glow of the streetlight , the set of knife gleam . he bundle the costume that he try to planet on finch into he arm , then slam the trunk . above , a window blind that be crack open snap shut . int . leader' office the leader move towards finch . finch he 's underground . the old subway . I know exactly what he 's go to do . if we move quickly , we can be there , wait for he . int . conrad' house conrad wait , hide inside a bedroom closet . he hear the front door close and he grip tighten around the handle of a long , steel - neck hammer . int . leader' office the leader be steadily convincing himself of something . finch leader , every second we delay ... the leader lift he hand , silencing finch . leader I be come with you . guard Sir -- leader there will be no discussion -- guard but if Mr. finch be right -- leader I be sick to death of this terrorist be everywhere and nowhere ! I will judge whether Mr. finch be right and I will judge it with my own eye ! do I make myself clear , Captain ? captain Sir , yes , sir ! finch be suddenly overwhelm by a feel that be common to chess player . it be the disturbing sense that you have just do exactly what you opponent want . leader be there a problem , Mr. finch ? finch no ... no sir . leader good. Captain , mobilize you man . captain Sir , yes , sir . leader we will find this bloody bastard and we will finish he . int . shadow gallery evey sit in the gallery , read pynchon 's " V " just as V have do . she suddenly feel V watch she . evey V ? V yes . evey smile as V step out of the shadow . evey V , what 's go to happen ? V Change , evey . that 's all . just change . evey be it go to be violent ? V yes , I suppose it will . int . conrad' house creedy empty a bottom drawer , make room to hide the costume . as he do , the closet door behind he slowly creep open . int . shadow gallery V stand at the jukebox . evey but why ? why must be be violent ? V because , evey , that be the nature of change . she be a temperamental creature that appear in earnest rarely but , when she do , she will wear one of two face . the first face be the destroyer . it be lamentable but all true change begin with death . int . conrad' house a dark figure stand over creedy . the hammer raise , a slash of silver against the velvety darkness . int . shadow gallery V punch a button on the jukebox just as -- int . conrad' house the hammer fall with a sicken soft crunch . int . shadow gallery the song begin to play ; a melancholy song that say goodbye to love . int . conrad' house blood pour down creedy 's snarling face , he snatch one of V 's knife as another hammer blow crack through he collar bone . he scream , lung at conrad . int . shadow gallery V listen to the song , the smile eye somehow know . int . conrad' house the hammer fall again and again until the metal head be slick with blood and meat . conrad stumble back , drop the hammer . he look down at the hilt of the knife protrude from he stomach . he yank it out and hold V 's knife which be bright red with he own blood . he collapse to the floor . int . shadow gallery the song continue . evey what be the other face , v? V the other face ? she be the true face of change . the face of the creator . she be the one that remake the world . evey ? evey yes , v? V May I ask you for a favor ? evey of course . V it be a small thing but it would mean a great deal to I . evey tell I . V I have never dance before . I have think about it many time , here in this room , listen to the music . but I have always be alone . evey smile and cross to he . evey it would be my pleasure . he open he arm and she step into they . they dance , stand very close , he glove hand hold tightly to hers , she smile against he . ext . CITY STREET dozen of military vehicle swarm around the entrance to Victoria Station while heavily armed man pour through the gate of the underground . int . shadow gallery the song end . V thank you , evey . you be a excellent dancer . evey all it take be a little practice . V alas , I have run out of time . he bow , press he freeze lip to she hand . evey be suddenly nervous . evey V ? what be you go to do ? V do not you remember ? I have a date tonight , evey . evey you be come back though , be not you ? she seize hold of he hand . evey V , I will not let you leave unless you promise I that you will come back . V of course , I will be back . you do not think you can be rid of I now , do you ? evey just promise . V I promise . she let he go . int . train station Soldiers swarm through the station . Susan stare in shock , outrage by the mere presence of the train . leader Mark my word , Mr. finch , this man be go to become a example so that every man , woman , and child in this country will remember what happen to that who would ever think to stand against the state . he turn to the Captain . leader Captain , I need a gas unit down here with enough nerve gas to fill every rat-hole in this tunnel . suddenly the light go out . finch I do not think that will be necessary . the leader smile . leader there be over one hundred of the best train soldier in this country down here . let he come . int . train tunnel five soldier creep forward in a tight formation , they flashlight probing every nook and cranny . behind they , a secret passage open and V step out . he be among they with frightful speed , a grin dervish with blade like metal fang rip and rending flesh , slashing bright in the flashlight . other soldier rush towards the scream and gunfire but they find only five body and warm blood run down the wall . leader Captain , what 's happen ? radio ( v.o. ) no sign sir . repeat , no sign of he . captain they lose he . from the opposite end , there be another series of scream and machine gun fire that light up the dark tunnel for a moment . then , nothing . finch this ... this be a mistake . leader do not tell I you be a coward , Mr. finch . back in the tunnel , V drop from above , he cloak a swirl cloud of squid ink that hide he in the darkness . again , quicksilver knife lash out , draw font of blood . int . train station finch can feel the panic that be spread through the tunnel . finch leader , we have to get out of here ! leader this be you idea . finch it be a mistake . this be what he want . he know we , leader . he know we too well . we have to get out of here before it 's too late -- a voice ring out from hide speaker , echoing through the tunnel . V ( v.o. ) good evening citizen of London . this be the voice of fate . you fate ... leader what trick be this ? V ( v.o. ) tonight , the face of London be go to change and I be go to offer you the chance to change with she . you leader be finish . he will not leave this tunnel alive . the leader scream to be hear over the resonant voice of V. leader this be a outrage ! I order you not to listen to this ! V ( v.o. ) at midnight tonight , the head will be destroy and a new era will begin . you must now decide if you be go to be a part of that era . everywhere , terrify soldier listen to the voice . V ( v.o. ) you can choose to stay here and die with you leader or you can choose to be free . the decision be yours and yours alone . leader Captain , order all you man to fall back and secure this position ! V ( v.o. ) some of you have wife . some of you have family . all of you have life . consider each of they as you ask yourself , be they a part of the past , or be they a part of the future ? captain fall back . fall back and secure the central platform . deep in the tunnel , two soldier look at each other . simultaneously , they drop they gun and run . leader any man that disobey this order will be court marshale ! group of solder drop they weapon and disappear into the shadow . leader Captain ! Captain , where be you man ? the station fill with the sound of boot run wildly away . leader goddammit , I will not tolerate this insubordination ! I want that deserter shot , Captain . finch slowly draw back away from the leader . leader shot on sight ! the few man on the platform be soon the only man leave . captain you ! you ! Point position . we be get out of here ! now ! a knife sing through the air and bury itself in the Captain 's chest . with a tiny rasp , he fall to the ground . the remain man bolt . leader traitors ! you coward ! he grab for the Captain 's machine gun . leader I know who you be ! I will see you hang ! every last one of you ! " you " echoe down the dark empty throat of the tunnel . the leader look around , he flashlight sweeping in big arc as he realize that he be alone . leader finch ? finch ! finch , goddammit , you can not leave I ! do not leave I ! V you be go to die as you rule -- the leader scream , whipping around towards the voice . V alone . the smile be as cold and as sharp as the knife that flick from he hand . the leader raise he gun just when the knife sink into he shoulder . howling in pain , he drop the gun . leader damn you ! damn you ! V smile into the spot of he flashlight . leader conrad ? be that you ? you be work with finch , be not you ? and creedy ! you be all in this together ! V close in . leader who be you ? V you , most of all , should know , leader . you create I . without you , I would never be . more than life , leader , you give I purpose . V draw he final blade . V " he that killeth with the sword , shall be kill with the sword . " V raise the knife . leader noooo ! finch do not move ! V and the leader turn to find finch aim a machine gun at V. leader Mr. finch ! oh god , Mr. finch ! finch Drop the knife . V do and Susan begin a almost hysterical laugh . leader oh , I know it , Mr. finch . I know you would not desert I . you be a good man , finch . a damn good man . finch no , Mr. Susan . no , I be not . I be a man who do he job and do what he 's tell . for twenty seven year , that 's all I have be . he step toward V , stare into he smile black eye . leader careful , Mr. finch . he 's quick as the devil . finch ignore the leader . finch I have read delia 's diary over and over all year . it sicken I but I be unable to judge she . I be as guilty as she . leader Mr. finch , what be you do ? shoot he . kill the bastard , finch . finch I have no excuse . I do what I be tell to do . leader finch , I order you to shoot he ! finch ! finch my job be to find you and catch you . I have do my job . I have do it for the last time . I be tired of it . I be tired of it all . he toss the gun to the leader . finch kill he yourself if you can . the leader seethes , he eye boring into finch . finch thank you , V. and goodbye . V Goodbye , Mr. finch . the machine gun burst shatter the quiet concrete silence . finch fall dead at V 's foot . leader I warn you , finch , the penalty for treason be death . he aim the gun at V. leader be you ready to die ? V the real question be , be you ? the leader laugh . leader do you really believe you can pick up that knife before I pull this trigger ? V no . but I do not have to . almost casually , V bend down to pick up the knife -- the leader scream and fire . bullet knock V back a bit but he continue , grab the knife and stand . eye widen with disbelief , the leader fire another blast as V begin walk towards he . the machine gun roar , bullet shredd out through the back of V 's cloak as he continue with short deliberate step until -- the hammer click against the pin . the gun be empty . V stand before he . V you see ? you can not kill I . there be no flesh and blood within this cloak to kill . there be only a idea . V smile . V and idea be bulletproof . the leader scream . V drive the knife into he heart , kill he instantly . V stand alone amidst the carnage and seeping pool of red . his body waver . he take he hand out from beneath he cloak and reveal he glove , wet with blood . int . conrad' house the front door open and helen enter . helen creedy ? creedy , you dumb bastard , you leave you car park in front . she walk up the stair to the bedroom . helen what do I tell you ? creedy . int . bedroom she step into the room , she sole and heel sink into the plush carpet soak with blood . helen oh my god . when she see creedy 's head mashed open , she cover she mouth . conrad helen ... conrad have propped himself against the bed . helen conrad ! what have you do ? conrad I win , helen . I do it . I win . I be the better man . he crawl toward she , slip on the wet carpet . conrad we have be through a bad patch , helen . but now , he 's go ... there 's nothing to come between we ... he reach for she foot , he hand glove with wet red . helen do not touch I ! you stupid piece of shit ! you have ruin it ! I have it all plan perfectly and you have ruin it ! she check she watch ; two hour to midnight . helen I have to get out of here ! I have to get away ! conrad seize hold of she ankle . conrad helen -- helen no ! let go ! now ! the look in he eye frighten she . she try to kick free of he but he will not let go . twist , she reach for the door but slip on the carpet . helen conrad , damn you ! let I go ! conrad no , helen , you be not leave I ... not this time ... not ever . he crawl up she body still clutching the bloody knife . helen no , please ! oh god , no ! oh god , please help I ! conrad raise the knife . conrad no one can help we , helen . God be dead . the knife fall . int . shadow gallery evey hear V on the spiral staircase . evey V ? scarlet footprint trail behind V as he struggle down the stair . evey you come back . he nod and then collapse , roll down the rest of the stair . evey v! v! running to he , she fall to he side . his clothes be slick with blood . evey oh god , what happen ? V evey ... evey you need a doctor . V it 's too late for that ... evey no , do not say that ! V evey , listen to I . I have not long and there be thing that must be say . his voice strain beneath the mask . V I have do that which I come to do . now , it be time for I to rest and with I the past will , at last , find peace . tremble , evey hold he . V but the world , the world be not save ... do not think that , when the fire die and the smoke clear , there be no miracle ... there be only a path ... upon which they must learn to rule themselves . evey yes , they need you , V. V not I , evey , not I . I tell you I be the villain . the destroyer ... but yes , they will need help ... he reach up and wipe a tear from she cheek . V I keep my promise to you , evey ... now you must promise I . evey what ? V promise I ... you will discover the face under this mask ... but you will never look beneath it . evey I do not understand . V promise I . please ... evey I promise . V sweet Eve . wherever I shall go , I shall always love you . evey V , you be not go anywhere ! V Midnight ... Midnight . Eve ... make they remember ... evey you be not go to die , v! V let I be there , evey , when it begin ... please , let I hear the music , one last time ... my music ... evey I will not let you die ! V I know you will not ... I know ... evey v! V my love ... Ave atque vale ... holding he as tight as she can , she feel he life drain away , slip through she arm in the way the last grain of sand pour through the neck of the hourglass . she bury she face beside he and weep . ext . CITY STREET a enormous crowd have begin to gather in the street surround the New government Building . with the crowd , a restlessness swell against each barricade erect by the military . a sergeant stand on a armored car , speak through a megaphone . sergeant return to you home ! there be nothing to see ! the terrorist be dead ! rabble rouser 1 he be not dead ! rabble rouser 2 he will be here , just like he say ! int . shadow gallery evey huddle against the stair railing , she face tear stain , stare at the lifeless body of V. evey ( v.o. ) I remember ... I remember stare at the mask , at that smile . she touch the mask , she finger find its edge . evey ( v.o. ) part of I could not believe he be dead and maybe that be why . the smile be still the same . it make I want to tear it off so I could see the face , so I could see that he be dead . her finger stop . evey ( v.o. ) but I have promise . V ( v.o. ) you will discover the face under this mask but you will never look beneath it . evey ( v.o. ) I begin to try to imagine he face . of course , I have long picture my father behind that smile but I know in my heart that V be not my father . evey stare into the eye , the dark , empty eye . evey ( v.o. ) yet every time I picture another face , any face , something be lose , something important be somehow diminish . V be more than a face . V be V. her expression change . evey ( v.o. ) and then , quite suddenly , quite naturally , I realize whose face must be beneath that mask . it be the only face that matter . evey I will not let you die . V ( v.o. ) I know you will not ... I know . a small smile creep across she face . ext . CITY STREET Midnight approach and the crowd feel it . spill everywhere , they fill the street like a flood . int . train car evey set a final violet carson on the chest of V . he be lie on a bed make of gelignite , cover in rose . touch he mask , she bend over he . evey Goodbye , my love . tenderly , she press she lip to the smile , she eye close , she final tear blink free . she back away and V smile , he lip wet with she kiss , he cheek wet with she tear . evey ( v.o. ) " Ave atque vale . " on the train platform , evey reach through the window and start the train . evey ( v.o. ) I look it up the next morning . the wheel churn as the train lurch forward . evey ( v.o. ) " hail and farewell . " V ( v.o. ) " make they remember ... " she watch the train disappear into the tunnel . evey they will , my love . they will . ext . CITY STREET the crowd surge against a barricade when a voice cry out across the city echoing through the megaphone on every corner . evey ( v.o. ) " remember , remember , the fifth of November ! " High above the gather mass , a mask figure step out onto a roof parapet . the crowd explode . int . subway the train barrel along , scream against its rusted rail . ext . rooftop dress as V , evey stand on the roof 's edge , speak into a microphone . evey I have come here tonight to keep a promise . a promise that be over four hundred year old . tonight I be here to give you you freedom ! again , the crowd burst into a frenzy . evey since mankind 's dawn a handful of oppressor have accept the responsibility over we life , responsibility that we should have accept ourselves . by do so , they take we power . by do nothing , we give it away . the voice boom over the mesmerize crowd . evey tonight , we world will change . we leader will be go and we must choose what come next . a return to the chain of other or life of we own . a world of the past or one of the future . she feel the sea of humanity beneath she , almost channele they energy . evey let we choose carefully , London , and when we do , let we mark well and remember , remember this fifth of November ! the crowd scream as one and they scream become -- int . subway the train hurl like a bullet through a gun barrel . ahead the track end , bury beneath the rubble of the collapse tunnel . int . train car Inside the rattling train , V lay in perfect repose . V ( v.o. ) let I be there , evey , when it begin ... ext . rooftop Hidden and alone , evey pull the mask from she face . V ( v.o. ) please let I hear the music ... one last time ... my music . almost unconsciously , evey raise she hand and coax the first soft note as he have once do . V ( v.o. ) at first , you have to listen carefully . the violin of the 1812 overture steadily rise . V ( v.o. ) ah , yes . there it be . beautiful , be it not ? evey smile , she hand still gently conduct . evey yes , my love . yes it be . int . subway with the clash of cymbal , the train crash into the wall of rubble . ext . new government build the entire building open like a time - lapse rise bloom with brilliant orange petal of flame . ext . CITY STREET the crowd be awash in the baptismal glow of erupting flame . ext . rooftop evey watch the explosion , a star-burst of flame debris searing against the night sky like firework . ext . CITY STREET the mass burst through the barricade with a euphoric frenzy . ext . rooftop the explosion begin to slowly die . evey ( v.o. ) I know that there be only one way to repay he for what he do . she look down at the mask . evey ( v.o. ) and I know that that way be go to take a lot of hard work . she smile . evey ( v.o. ) I know this like I know the sun will rise tomorrow and beneath that new sun , we work will begin . the fire fade and evey turn , cradling the mask , and walk away . fade out .