vacancy by Mark L Smith the hal lieberman company 10202 West Washington Blvd. Robert Young Building , ste 3200 culver City , CA 90232 310-244-4744 March 23 , 2006 vacancy fade in : archive news footage ... very real and authentic . a aerial shot through the lens of a tv news camera ... ...of a structure ... a roadside motel , sit along a side road , surround by a vast , empty , brown wasteland . the image tremble ... the 0.s. rumble of helicopter blade whirling . several news van , police car , and ambulance be park around the motel ... people mile about the scene . behind the motel , a back - hoe tear into the ground . cop circle the back -hoe , digging with shovel . newscaster ( v.0 . ) this be a live shot of the prairie View Motel , in the eastern side of mckinley County . we have be tell police have be work out here for several hour , but the detail we be get from they be sketchy at best . what we do know be that they have borrow some equipment from a local farmer , and start digging in the rear of the property . what they be look for though , we be not exactly sure . the camera shot shakily zoom in on the back -hoe , as the machine drag its tooth out of the earth ... raise into the air ... and a dirt - cover corpse hang from the metal claw . newscaster ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) oh , God ! CUT to : hand -held footage ... ... float among the swarm of media ... not really part of this circus ... just observe it ... weaving in and out of the chaos ... momentarily hold on a male reporter stand outside a motel room door . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 2 . continued : male reporter the best we can come up with be that some video tape have be discover that be somehow connect to the body the sheriff 's Department have find bury on the property . as the reporter continue , we Pov drift to the motel room doorway ... the door just hang on its hinge ... furniture inside scatter about ... bloodstain on the ground outside the door . male reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) obviously they be be very tight - lipped with detail at this stage , so we do not know yet the content of the tape . we Pov float to masked paramedics carrying body bag past a female reporter . female reporter I have be tell all the video discover be extremely violent and graphic . we Pov follow the paramedics past the female reporter ... over a bloodhound stretch its leash to claw at the dirt as if something 's bury just beneath it ... we continue to a news van . the side door have be sly open , and police crowd around the video equipment inside . female reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the police be actually use we Channel nine truck to view what they believe be the most recently record tape . we glide over another reporter . reporter the image I see on tape be horrific ... unimaginable . the Pov turn ... to the back of the mckinley County sheriff be interview by a newswoman for a television camera beyond they . female reporter sheriff , can you give we a idea of how many body have be find ? ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 3 . continued : ( 2 ) sheriff as of about a half - hour ago , we be at twenty - seven . but we have not cover much ground yet . female reporter so you expect to find more ? sheriff I be afraid so , yes . we Pov drift past a SMALL pile of full bodybags ... female reporter and the vehicle that be find here ... the BMW . ... and stop on a wrecked BMW sit beside the motel . we tighten on the car . female reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we run a check on the car . it 's register to a David and Amy Fox , age 29 and 28 , respectively . we pan down to the dented california license plate ... hold on it for a beat , as ... female reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) can you tell we if they be related to any of this ? as the female reporter 's voice fade , we ... dissolve to : ... that same california license plate . only it's smooth and unmarked . we pull back to see the full , pristine BMW glide down a dark stretch of road . sheriff ( v.0 . ) I would rather not say at this time . int . BMW - night david fox , ( 29 ) , bloodshot eye glaze over from a full day of drive , sit behind the wheel . amy fox , ( 28 ) , sleep in the passenger seat . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 4 . continued : sheriff ( v.0 . ) and you need to think about the family before you start read off name on air like that . David shake he head , try to loosen the cobweb . ext . new mexico foothills - night the middle of the night in the middle of nowhere . a endless span of empty roll hill , dissect by a two - lane highway . a raccoon scamper out of the brush to some road - kill at the center of the pavement . as the raccoon check out the quality of the decaye rodent a glow rise over the crest ... the BMW zoom up the pavement , its light blind the animal . int . BMW - night David catch sight of the raccoon . and he reflex be a little slower than they be thirteen hour ago when he start this trek ... but he manage to jerk the wheel ... the car vault sideways . Amy 's toss out of she slumber , snap awake with a painful start . ext . road - night the BMW 's tire squeal past the raccoon , just inch away . they tear through the high grass ... bounce over a rock ... hit a ditch . int . BMW - night David pull the car out of the ditch and back onto the road . he steady the wheel . david Son of a bitch ! he glance in the rearview ... see the raccoon shuffle back into the brush . David look at Amy . she 's stare back at he , not as happy as the raccoon . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 5 . continued : david ( cont 'd ) there be a raccoon in the middle of the road . amy better to kill we than get a little road - kill on the new car , huh ? david we be still alive , Amy . I can tell by the pissy look you be give I . Amy roll she eye , wipe the sleep from she face , grab a bottle of water and take a drink before look out the window at the pass bush . amy this be not the interstate , David . david take a shortcut . amy through where ? david New Mexico I think . maybe Arizona . same place really . a faint 0.s. clank from under the car . david ( cont 'd ) do you hear that ? amy hear wha ... David hold up he hand , quieting Amy . he strain to listen to the engine . david I think the engine make a noise . Amy throw a glance at the clock . it read , " 1:25 " . amy it 's kind of late for a breakdown . you should have stop somewhere earlier . David do not hear anything else ... shrug . ( continued ) continued : vacancy 3-23-06 6 . ( 2 ) david I pop some of that trucker pill back in Texas . think I could make it all the way . amy whatever it take to get this trip over with as quickly as possible . Amy turn back to the window . David stare straight ahead . there 's not much love in this car . david you want a snack or something ? there be some chip leave in the back . amy I be fine . Amy pull a apple and knife from a bag ... cut a chunk out of the apple . she offer it to David . he shake he head and she pop it in she mouth . david you be really dream over there earlier . mumbling and jerk around . amy I dreamt you be try to kill I . we be at my parent 's anniversary party , and my mother would not stop talk . you start scream you could not take it anymore , and you try to strangle I . david I would never do that . although the think of strangling you mother do cross my mind . ( beat ) but at least you be dream about I , that 's a improvement . go on back to sleep . maybe next I will sexually assault you . David grin . Amy do not see the joke ... just keep work on the apple . the knife slice into it ... just as the car bounce over a pothole . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 7 . continued : ( 3 ) the knife slip off the apple ... cut across Amy 's finger amy shit . Amy stick she finger into she mouth ... try to suck the pain away . david you okay ? ( off Amy 's nod ) I keep tell you how stupid that be . just bite the apple like the rest of the world . amy hurt my tooth . david as bad as cut you finger off ? Amy toss the bloody apple and knife back into the bag , then check out the wound . just a small cut . amy it 's not anything . she pull a bandaid from the glove compartment ... wrap it around she finger . amy ( cont 'd ) you want I to drive for a while ? david I be good . go on back to sleep . David reach up and turn on the radio ... flip through the station ... all the same ... static . David dig through he CD wallet ... see one that make he smile , and pull it out ... slide it into the player the children' song ... " hush Little baby " begin play . singing voice ( v.0o . ) " hush little baby , do not say a word . mama 's gonna buy you a mockingbird . and if that mockingbird do not sing , daddy 's gonna buy you a diamond ring . " Amy hear it ... throw a angry glare at David . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 8 . continued : ( 4 ) amy why do you have that ? david I do not know . I guess I like to hear it . ( off Amy 's grunt ) you deal you way , Amy , and I will deal mine , okay ? singing voice ( v.0o . ) " and if that look glass get break , mama 's gonna buy you a ... " Amy can not take it anymore ... flip the stereo off and turn back toward the darkness of the night . amy he 's go . david at one - thirty in the middle of goddamn nowhere , I will take whatever I can get . amy it 's be a year . you should know by now that all we have get leave be each other . ( beat ) and that 's not even close to enough . tight on amy reflection in the window ... ... stare out into the night . she slip she injure finger back into she mouth . ext . road - night the BMW glide down the road , its taillight fade into the darkness . ext . new mexico foothills - night another stretch of road . if possible , this one seem even more desolate than the last . the BMW move slowly along the road , make a definite clanking noise . vacancy 3-23-06 9 . int . BMW - night Amy have a atla open in she lap . David tap one of the narrow road , wind across the page . david that should be we about there . amy why do not you just stay on the interstate ? david I do not know , I guess I just want to make this as miserable as possible . see just how big a bitch you could be about it . David stare down the road . his angry face soften a bit . david ( cont 'd ) I think this would be faster . the grind of metal on metal from under the hood . David grimace . david ( cont 'd ) shit . Amy squint out through the windshield and point . amy be that something ? the glow of a light ahead of they . they drive closer ... ... the fade , old fluorescent sign of a service station draw into view . ext . garage - night a small , paint - peel building from the Forties , with a single gas pump sit out front . there be several large firework sign hang along the roof . one of the hand - paint sign read , '' every day be the fourth of July at small 's '' . the BMW cruise past the pump ... roll over a hose that run across the ground . a loud ring erupt as the tire bounce over the hose . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 10 . continued : the BMW stop beside the pump . int . BMW - night David and Amy stare at the old building . its window be dark . david guess they be probably close . amy since 1957 . David glance out at the pump . david too bad . good price on gas . they go back to the atla . david ( cont 'd ) I remember go through that place there ... elida . you be asleep ... probably two or three hour ago , maybe . amy then that have to put we down here somewhere . david there 's a town ... downey . gotta be a real car place there . amy if that 's really where we be . David glance at the LED compass in the dash . david we be head west . eventually we have to hit California . Amy shrug ... look up from the atla and see a face stare in David 's window . she scream . David spin and see the face of the garage mechanic , ( 20' ) , good-look . mechanic sorry . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 11 . continued : David restart he heart ... roll down he window . mechanic ( cont 'd ) just do not get much business around here . want to make sure I get to you before you leave . but I have gotta warn you , the gas price be a little steeper than the sign say . david actually , we be just have a little engine problem . I dodge a raccoon a few mile back . amy and we be lose . david she 's lose . I know right where I be . we be on we way to downey . David point down the road . the mechanic nod ... try to subtly motion he head the opposite direction of David 's finger . it take a few time before David catch on . and Amy already have . amy he 's try to tell you it 's the other way , David . mechanic yeah . sorry . but it 's real easy to get turn around out here without a map . Amy hold up they map . mechanic ( cont 'd ) oh. well , downey 's about thirty mile back . David ignore Amy 's smirk . mechanic ( cont 'd ) if you wanna pop the hood , I will take a look to make sure you will get that far . david I hate to bother you with it this late . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 12 . continued : ( 2 ) mechanic it 's no bother at all . David pull the hood lever , then climb out with the mechanic . ext . garage - night the mechanic start examine the engine . david I go off the road ... with the raccoon . think I hit a low spot . mechanic look like it , yeah . the mechanic reach in ... tinker with the engine . mechanic ( cont 'd ) can you hit the gas for I ? David hurry around the car . int . BMW - continuous David climb in ... hit the gas . he and Amy peer under the crack of the open hood , watch the mechanic 's hand move around the engine ... pull a wrench from he pocket ... reach back under the hood . amy can he fix it ? david ( shrug , to the mechanic ) what do you think ? the mechanic slam the hood . mechanic fan blade 's bent . rock musta hit it . she will still drive fine . just noisy be all . the mechanic walk back to David 's window . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 13 . continued : mechanic ( cont 'd ) you might wanna have somebody smarter than I check it when you get where you be goin ' though . david I will do that , thanks . what do I owe you ? mechanic we be good . I should pay you for finally give I something to do . now do you need to know how to get back to downey ? david actually , if you could point we back to the interstate ... we be try to get to California . mechanic you do not want downey then . David feel Amy 's eye burn into he back . the mechanic point down the road . mechanic ( cont 'd ) about seven mile down , there will be a road on you right with a grove of tree beside it . take that and keep goin ' till you hit westcliff . you will run into a four lane there . hang a leave on that and it will take you right back where you need to be . david thanks a lot . David pull a twenty dollar bill from he pocket and hold it out the window . david ( cont 'd ) here . this way I will not feel guilty for drag you out here so late . the mechanic shrug ... take the money . then he reach into he back pocket ... pull out a sparkler . he flick he cigarette lighter ... ignites the sparkler ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 14 . continued : ( 2 ) mechanic you just buy yourself a twenty dollar sparkler . the mechanic lean in David 's window ... hand it to Amy . Amy gingerly take it . mechanic ( cont 'd ) every day 's the fourth of July at small 's . the mechanic roll he eye and motion to the sign . mechanic ( cont 'd ) the owner make I say that . ( wave ) drive careful . Amy wave the sparkler out the window , as David pull out . int . BMW - continuous Amy grin , as she watch the sparkler shoot out the flame dot . it 's not a smile we have see from Amy , and David notice . david guess I should go buy a box of sparkler , huh ? Amy do not answer . her smile fade with the spark . she drop the char black stick to she foot . ext . road - night the BMW cruise down the road . int . BMW - night David point ahead of they to the grove of tree and the side road veer past they . david there we go . ext . road - night the BMW turn down the side road . vacancy 3-23-06 15 . int . BMW - night Amy glance at the map , as David drive . amy how far do he say this westcliff place be ? david he do not . suddenly , the car lurch forward a bit . amy what be that ? david I do not know . do we hit something ? Amy turn ... there 's nothing in the road . amy I do not see anything . another lurch ... the engine skip . david what the hell ? and now the engine more than skip , it die . David pull onto the shoulder . david ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch . David twist the ignition . the engine just turn over and over without start . david ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch ! so much for be able to keep drive it . David try again ... no luck . david ( cont 'd ) shit ! Amy pull out she cell phone ... hold it up ... no signal . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 16 . continued : amy nothing . David turn the key again ... just that sicken groan . david dammit ! amy can not a car run without a fan ? david evidently not . David pound the steering wheel and climb out of the car ext . side road - later the BMW 's hood be already up from where David have try to work on the engine . David lean back under the hood . david try it again . amy it 's not go to work . David tap at the engine with a plastic TRAVEL mug ... he 's no mechanic . david how do you know ? Jesus , just try it . int . BMW - night Amy lean over and turn the key , as she watch David pound all over the engine with the handle of the mug . the engine whirr over and over ... do not start . David finally slam the mug against the engine . the mug shatter . david goddammit ! Amy almost smile ... she know it . vacancy 3-23-06 17 . ext . side road - night David kick at the ground , grab the remain of the mug and heave they into the bush . he look up and down the road . david how far back be that station ? amy five or six mile maybe . too far to walk at night . david that mean we sit here the rest of the night . hope some idiot like we happen to drive down this stagecoach trail . amy idiot like you , not we . I do not get we lose . david no , you sleep through five state thanks to you prozac / zoloft cocktail . Amy flip David off through the window . he walk out to the center of the road , and scream . a flock of startle bird burst from a tree ... scatter up into the night sky . David see something ... walk a few yard down the road , and lift a tatter wooden sign from the high grass . handpainted across it , " prairie View Motel . one mile ahead . " David hold the sign up toward Amy in the car . david ( cont 'd ) you feel like walk a mile ? ext . side road - night tight on david and amy feet ... ... walk along the black tar pavement . ( continued ) continued : move ahead , vacancy 3-23-06 18 . David gaze up at the star-filled sky . david I never see star anymore . not in L.A. ( off they surroundings ) kind of nice out here really . I bet Charlie would have like it . amy should have bring he sometime . but we never go anywhere , remember ? the job be always too important to leave . david why do you do that ? amy what ? david every time I mention he name , you take a shot at I . amy stop mention he name . david I be not like you , Amy . I do not want to forget we son so the pain will go away . amy be not you the brave one , David . Amy pick up she pace ... leave David behind . then veer off the road into a cluster of unzip and start take a piss . david ( under he breath ) such a bitch . ( louder , for Amy ) maybe you would be happier if you try talk about it , instead of act like it never happen . like Charlie never happen . the moon cast a bright glow over they as they make they way down the road . he watch she ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 19 . continued : ( 2 ) Amy just keep walk . a few foot away from David , the bushes rattle . David squint toward the sound , but it 's too dark and too overgrown to see what 's in there . as he finish up , the bushes rattle again ... this time louder David throw another nervous glance into the bush ... still nothing . he lean closer ... ... just as a raccoon dart out of the brush past he . David leap back , startle . he catch he breath as the animal scurries away . david ( cont 'd ) goddamn raccoon be kill I . David turn ... trot back toward the road after Amy . in the distance behind David , a figure rise from the bush where David have just be . it 's too far away to make out feature . and the figure do not move ... just watch David make he way down the road with Amy . ext . side road - later David and Amy stand in the gravel parking lot , stare at a beat down roadside motel . eight room stretch out in a l-shape . the bate Motel ... in need of a paint job . a primer paint pickup truck sit outside the office , under a " $ 19.00 a night " sign that hang over the office screen door . above that be a crooked " vacancy " sign . amy we could go back to the car . you could sleep on the hood and stare up at that star you love so much . david maybe they will have a phone we can use . they start toward the motel office . int . prairie view motel office - night a bell above the screen door jingles , as David and Amy enter . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 20 . continued : the tiny wood - panele room have several security video monitor on the wall behind the desk . the image of David and Amy enter the office fill the screen . around the room , a few stock scenery picture hang on the wall and a stuffed jack -a- lope , a rabbit with glue - on antler , rest on the counter . at the rabbit 's foot be a desk bell , with a sign ... " Ring I " . there 's some muffled 0.s. scream from the back room behind the counter . David and Amy hear it ... exchange a glance before David tap the bell . there 's some rustling , then mason , ( 40' ) , five - foot nothing and hundred thirty pound in he sweaty t-shirt and jeans , appear from the back room . mason hey , folk . what can I do ya for ? david ( off the scream ) everything okay back there ? mason cock he head , unsure . David motion to the back room . mason grin and raise a television remote ... hit a button and the scream silence . mason sorry about that . get a little boring around here late night . david I bet so . listen , we car break down about a mile back . just need to borrow a phone ... see if we could get a tow truck or something . mason all we have get be that pay phone outside . mason point through the window to a old phone booth along the motel wall . mason ( cont 'd ) she work off dime if you need some . David dig a dollar from he pocket . mason take it and trade it for a cluster of dime from he drawer ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 21 . continued : ( 2 ) mason ( cont 'd ) trouble be the only garage within ninety mile be small . Little place on Route six . david yeah . I think we stop there earlier . mason and small 's do not have a phone . David stare at mason a beat , then down to the handful of dime . david so I probably do not need this then . mason not if you need a tow truck . David throw a glance to Amy before fill he pocket with dime . mason ( cont 'd ) but I could run you back there in the morning if you want . too late to do much right now no - way . Amy look at she watch ... shrug . amy it 's just a few hour . david yeah , okay . guess we will need one of that nineteen dollar room then . mason nod ... look David and Amy over , then grin . mason I can give you two the honeymoon suite for twenty - four . get a few extras that the other do not . david it 's late . regular room will do . mason pull a key from the hook behind he and slide it across the counter . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 22 . continued : ( 3 ) mason what the hell . I will give it to ya for the same rate . david okay , whatever . thanks . David jerk out he credit card . mason ' fraid we be not set up for plastic . Cash only . david do you take dime ? mason grin ... do not get the joke . David snap a twenty from the wallet and reach for the key . mason pull the key back . mason and I need one of you id 's ... sort of a deposit on the content of the room . david trust I , we be not go to take anything . I be not up to carry dirty towel a mile down the road . mason I be sure you will not . but rule be rule . I do not make them . I be just the manager . it 's too late for this shit . David pull out he driver 's license ... trade it to mason for the key . mason ( cont 'd ) it 's the last one on the end there ... number eight . might have to jiggle the handle a bit to open she up . she 's as sticky as a old whore . ( to Amy ) Excuse my language . Amy just turn and start move for the door . mason ( cont 'd ) have a good night . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 23 . continued : ( 4 ) David wave over he shoulder as they walk out . mason watch they head across the gravel lot , then turn and disappear back into the back room . the 0.s. scream of the horror film begin again . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night Dark . until the door open and Amy flip the light switch . David and Amy stand freeze in the doorway . because this be rough . stain shag carpet . torn farm animal print curtain . cigarette hole be burn into the paisley bedspread drape across the bed . artificial plant hang in the corner of the room . david good thing we upgrade . David close the door ... lock it and hook the chain across . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous Amy enter and hit the light in the bathroom , illuminate the break tile floor , rusty faucet and water- stain commode . amy we have have we tetanus shot , right ? Amy pull a bottle of pill from she purse , shake a couple into she palm . she turn on the faucet . brown water splashes out , gush several roaches out with it . the bug scurry around the sink Amy turn the water off ... watch the bug slither down the drain . she toss the pill into she mouth ... gulp they down . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night Amy walk out , see David flipping through a tv guide . david if you want to know what show be on during March of ' 97 , I have get the answer . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 24 . continued : David toss the old magazine back to the table . Amy move to the bed and pull back the cover ... inspect the sheet . amy I be sleep in my clothes . david I be sleep in my shoe . David glance around the room ... move to the closet ... pull open the door . it 's empty . david ( cont 'd ) could be worse I guess . we could still be jamme into that twin bed at you parent ' house ... try to pretend we be the happy couple . Amy slide onto the bed ... prop herself against the wall , not get too comfortable . amy we should have tell they about we . david why ruin they party . we can tell they after we sign the papers . David climb up beside Amy ... stare at the farm print curtain . david ( cont 'd ) what be you feel ... at the party ... watch they celebrate be marry all that year ? a beat , then ... amy pity . a long , quiet beat this time . david sorry about this . should have stay on the interstate . amy we one last great adventure together . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 25 . continued : ( 2 ) david do we ever have great adventure ? I do not remember . Amy do not answer ... just wrap she coat a little tighter around herself . amy there have to be a couple . David lean closer ... lightly kiss Amy 's neck ... up she skin toward she lip . finally , Amy pull away . amy ( cont 'd ) David , I can not . david you really want to quit on we ? amy it hurt too much . I be sorry . david you can not just stop feel because it hurt , Amy . do not work that way . amy that 's all I can do . a knock at the front door . David throw a piss - off glance at he watch . david who the hell be that ? David go to the door ... pull it open . no one be outside . ext . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David lean out ... check both way . nobody . david hello ? no answer . vacancy 3-23-06 26 . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David close the door . david you hear that , right ? Amy nod . then another knock ... this one down the wall ... from the adjoining room door . David move to the side door . david ( cont 'd ) yeah ? more knock . David throw Amy a glance , then reach to unbolt the lock . amy David , wait . david it 's the room beside we . amy I know . hang ona ... but David turn the bolt . the door swing open ... ... and there 's nothing but another door behind it . the other room 's door . no door handle for David to grab . the knocking continue . David pound back against they side of the partition . david what do you need ? the knock stop . david ( cont 'd ) hello ? ( to Amy ) be there any car when we walk over ? Amy go to the window ... squint outside . just the old pickup truck sit outside the office . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 27 . continued : amy there 's a truck . probably the office guy 's . David tap on the door david whoever 's in there , it 's too late for this shit . then the other room 's door begin to shake ... like whoever 's on the other side be jerk hard on the handle . david ( cont 'd ) what the hell be this ? amy Close the door , David . David just keep watch the door vibrate . amy ( cont 'd ) Close the door ! Amy push past David and slam there door close . she bolt it back secure . amy ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! why mess with they ? david I be not mess with they . I just want to know what they be do . loud knock at the front door spin David and Amy . they exchange a glance , then David go to the door . david ( cont 'd ) who be it ? no answer . David secure the chain across the door , then ease it open ... peer out through the crack . as Amy watch he , a pounding erupt from the door beside she . she jump with a start ... back away from it . David beat against the wall with he fist . david ( cont 'd ) what 's you problem , asshole ! the knocking get louder . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 28 . continued : ( 2 ) david ( cont 'd ) screw this . David scan the room for a phone ... there be not one . he push back a desk ... a empty phone jack sit in the wall . david ( cont 'd ) perfect . David start out the front door . amy David , wait . but David 's too mad to wait . he stomp outside . ext . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David go to the adjacent door ... room number seven . he bang on the door . david open the door ! no answer . David beat on it again . david ( cont 'd ) come on . you want to play game , let play . David jerk on the handle ... lock . he knock again , and this time a knocking answer he . just like in the room ... a slow , steady knocking . David peer in the dark window ... can not see who 's behind the door . david ( cont 'd ) Real funny , jerkoff . David turn to Amy in the doorway . david ( cont 'd ) lock the door . amy where be you go ? david to go shut this prick up . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 29 . continued : David start across the lot to the motel office . Amy disappear behind the door int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night Amy bolt the door ... pull the rusty chain across . she check the lock on the adjoin room door , then hurry to the window ... watch David walk into the motel office . int . prairie view motel office - night David smack the bell between the Jack -a-lope 's foot over and over . mason lean out of the back room . mason everything all right , Mr. Fox ? david no . the asshole in the room beside we keep bang on the wall . he will not stop . mason beside you ? david yeah . room seven . I go over to talk to he , but he just keep do it . I do not know what he problem be . mason that 's strange . mason turn to the rack of keys hang behind the counter Key number Seven be still there . mason ( cont 'd ) you be the only guest we get tonight . david well somebody 's in there . mason you be sure it be number seven ? ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 30 . continued : david we be the last one and we be eight right ? it 's right beside we , with a big , rusty seven on the door , so I be pretty sure , yeah . mason okay , I get ya . every once a blue moon some drifter or college kid ' 1l crawl through a window for a night 's sleep . cleanin ' lady will find some trash layin ' around ... shit in the toilet . do not usually cause no disturbance though . david well this one be . mason consider this a moment , then grab the key . mason I will check she out for ya . David notice a pistol tuck on a shelf behind the counter . david if that work , you might think about bring that . mason grin ... pick up the pistol and twirl it like a gunfighter . mason I be ass - tired of just shootin ' at crow . david good hunt . mason thanks , Mr. Fox . David walk out . mason do a few more twirl with the gun . ext . prairie view motel - night David stride out of the office , back into the darkness . he see Amy peer out between the curtain . David wave . vacancy 3-23-06 31 . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night Amy unlatch the door ... open it . David enter . amy what would he say ? david thinks it 's just some drunk . he 's go to take care of it . David close the door ... lock it back david ( cont 'd ) do you hear anything else ? amy no . I be almost wishing I would , so I would know where they be . david probably see I head for the office and take off . ( glance around ) now we can enjoy this luxury resort with some peace and quiet . David give the adjoin room door a smack , then fall onto the bed . amy maybe we should just leave . go back to the car . david I be not walk anymore . let 's just gut it out for a few hour and catch a ride back . we will get the car fix and get the hell out . Amy do not like it , but just shrug ... sit down on the bed beside David . David grab the remote . amy you be not go to watch that now ? ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 32 . continued : david just for a little while . until we know we friend 's go from over there . besides , gotta take advantage of the honeymoon suite perk . Worth at least a extra five buck . David flip the television on ... static . he dance through the channel ... nothing but more static . david ( cont 'd ) maybe not . amy the manager guy ... he 's go over there for sure , right ? david with he six -shooter . he will take care of it . gotta keep he only two guest happy . David notice a vcr with several video tape stack on top of it . he grab a tape ... no label . david ( cont 'd ) Bet this be a library of classic . David slip the tape into the vcr . the onscreen static disappear , replace by footage from a no - budget slasher film ... grainy picture ... hollow sound . three men , stripped down to they underwear , be in a small room , tied on the floor . two shadowy figure stand over they man . the three man be moaning ... begging to the figure . suddenly one of the figure raise a knife . CUT to : David 's face ... grimace , as we hear the man' scream . david ( cont 'd ) Jesus . the perfect movie to put newlywed in the mood . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 33 . continued : ( 2 ) amy turn it off . I hate that kind of film . and that 's the last thing I need right now . David pop the tape out ... replace it with another . david they should at least give you a little porn . the screen flash on again ... this time there be three college girl huddle on a bed . it 's the same small room , and the camera angle be just as the last ... look down on the girl as they tremble and cry . one of the girl scream out . girl ( v.0 . ) please ! and a figure step into the frame . the girl start flail at he . another figure step into the picture . one of the figure drag a girl to the floor and start tear at she clothes . amy God , at least mute it or something so I do not have to hear that . but David be not listen , because he 's notice something . he move closer to the screen ... he reflection fill the glass , as he stare at the curtain in the onscreen room . they be design in a farm animal print ... just like the one in they room . David study they curtain a beat , then look back to the screen ... watch as the attacker raise he blade over the girl lie on the gold shag carpet . tight on david' face ... ... frighten . his eye dart down to he foot ... ...to the reddish stain on the gold shag carpet . david shit . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 34 . continued : ( 3 ) amy I tell you to turn it off . David turn ... glance around the room . amy ( cont 'd ) what be it ? the girl ' scream burst out from the tv . David 's nervous and Amy see it . amy ( cont 'd ) David ? david look at that room ... in the movie . Amy stare at the screen ... watch a figure throw one of the girl onto the bed . amy what about it ? then Amy focus on the paisley bedspread . she look down at the identical bedspread underneath she . her eye jump back to the screen . angle on the screen ... ... and a girl try to escape one of the figure ... crawl off the bed ... knock off the cactus shape lamp . the lamp tumble onto the bed . Amy glance beside she ... to the cactus shape lamp . her face wash pale . amy ( cont 'd ) what movie be that ? david I do not know . David eye one of the hang plant . he grab a chair and slide it over ... stand up on the chair and pull the dusty plant back . there's a video camera aimed right at he ... its red light blinking . the girl keep scream from the television . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 35 . continued : ( 4 ) David 's freeze ... just stare back at the camera . Amy want to scream , but have suddenly forget how . David stumble back off the chair , he eye still lock on the video camera . amy David . David do not answer . Amy glance back to the camera , then point to the tv . amy ( cont 'd ) be that this room ? david it look like it . David walk across the room ... reach up and swing the other hang plant . another camera be secure to the wall behind it . amy this be some kind of joke , right ? david I do not know . they exchange a glance , then turn back to the tv ... one of the figure swing the knife toward one of the girl . Amy take a step back , almost as if she 's afraid the figure 's go to come right out of the screen at they . amy they can not really be kill that girl . that can not be real . Amy eject the girl ' video tape and slide in another . the screen be fill with the same room ... there room . and it 's empty ... until the door swing open , and a old couple charge through the door , slam it close . the old woman be crying . the old man look around in a panic . they hold each other , and stare at the door . as they do , one of the same figure step out of the bathroom door behind they . they do not see he . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 36 . continued : ( 5 ) amy ( cont 'd ) turn around . the figure ease up behind the couple . amy ( cont 'd ) turn around ! the figure raise a knife . amy ( cont 'd ) no ! as the attacker swing the knife down , the tv go blank ... the room fall into total darkness ... silence . the power 's be turn off . David and Amy stand freeze in the darkness . amy ( cont 'd ) what happen ? David fumble through the dark ... reach the light switch ... it do not work . Amy twist the knob on the lamp ... nothing . and then the soft knocking at the wall return . amy ( cont 'd ) oh , god. David ? david it 's okay . David and Amy huddle together at the center of the room , stare through the darkness toward the knock . a louder knock at the door ... the door handle shake . David and Amy freeze ... do not even breathe . David put he finger over he lip ... the room be silent . and then the power flash back on ... the room light up ... the television flicker back on ... the old couple scream onscreen . David and Amy 's eye jump to the tv ... shit . they look to the door ... the shaking be more violent . David and Amy take a few step back away from the door eyeing the door handle ... the rusty chain that latch the door lock . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 37 . continued : ( 6 ) the scream keep coming from the tv . Amy suddenly remember the video ... spin around , look for the figure to step out behind they . no one 's there . suddenly , the power go out again , send the room back into dark silence . David grab the cactus lamp off the table , ready to swing it . they back against the wall ... slide down to the floor the thumping on the adjoining door begins again ... the light go dark , then burst back on , then off again ... repeat like a strobe ... flash of scream erupt from the television couple each time it restart . and then with each flash of light , a figure become visible ... stand freeze just inside the bathroom doorway . he do not move ... just stand there , fill the doorway , only a few foot away from David and Amy . David and Amy do not see he ... just stay huddle against the wall . the pound grow louder ... the shake on the door handle harder ... the flash of light over the figure come faster then suddenly everything fall still . the light turn on , the thumping stop , the door handle be not move , and the figure be gone from the doorway . David place the lamp back on the table , scramble over to the tv and turn it off . amy I be call the police . Amy pull out she cell phone ... flip it on . no signal ... she forget . amy ( cont 'd ) shit . no signal . david we have to get out of here . Amy start for the door . David grab she arm . david ( cont 'd ) whoever be out there have to hear the tv . that mean they know we watch it . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 38 . continued : ( 7 ) amy that asshole put we in here to watch it . he be not go to help we , David . he 's part of this . david so they know we watch it , and now they know we be go to run . they will be wait . amy maybe he will not know that we catch on ... that we recognize anything . David turn ... stare up at the camera ... the red light blink ... watch they . david he know . amy so what then ? David lean into the bathroom ... see a window in the back wall . david we climb out that way . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous David hurry to the window ... turn the handle ... it do not budge . he pull on the crank ... it start to turn , but then stop . David see the nail hammered into the windowsill hold it shut ... it will not budge . david shit ! David start bang against the window to jar it free . amy somebody 's go to hear you . david so what do we do then ? amy we go out the door , and we run ... make it back to that gas station . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 39 . continued : david you think they be just go to let we stroll out of here , so we can go tell the police what we find ? amy they be not go to just let we sit in here either , David . David make another desperate turn with the window handle ... no luck . david shit ! David hurry out of the bathroom . Amy start after he , then stop ... because she 's just notice something rest on the sink . her half -eaten apple . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night Amy walk out , carry the apple . David 's look around , try to come up with a plan . amy do you bring this ? david what ? amy do you get this when we leave the car ? david no . what be you talk about ? amy it be in there . on the sink . I do not bring it either . david you have to . you probably stick it in you pocket and just forget . amy I ble all over it , remember . then I throw it in the bag . there 's no way I bring it . I leave it in the car , David . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 40 . continued : they hold a long look . Amy 's about to cry . amy ( cont 'd ) what 's happen ? David walk into the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous David enter ... glance around the room . his eye hold on the tub ... its shower curtain extend , hide whatever might be behind it . Amy walk in behind he . David grab one of the dirty glass from the sink , grip it like a baseball , then jerk the shower curtain OPEN . the shower rod pull free from the wall and crash down ... and the tub 's empty . amy how would it get in here ? david I do not know . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night David walk out of the bathroom . david turn off the light . amy what be we do ? david we be leave . Amy hit the light ... the room go dark . they shadow move about the room . David go to the curtain . david ( cont 'd ) as soon as we get outside , we run to the tree , okay ... get out of the open where they can not see we . and we have get to move fast , Amy . amy try to keep up . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 41 . continued : David peer out through the farm animal curtain again . the moonlight shine over the empty gravel lot . david I do not see anybody . David move to the door ... remove the chain ... slowly open the door and peer outside . he reach he hand out to Amy . she take it ... probably the first time they have hold each other in month . David and Amy slip out the door together . ext . prairie view motel - night David and Amy ease out the door ... press they back against the wall of the motel , to stay tuck in the shadow . David point across the road , toward a thick forest of tree . david ( whisper ) over there . you ready ? Amy nod ... one last glance around , and they take off ... sprint across the lot , hand in hand . they race across the road ... down a grassy slope ... charge toward the dark safety of the tree . but then a man , ( killer one ) , a shadow with eye , appear from the tree . amy David ! Amy slide to a stop , pull David with she . they squint toward the man , as he move up from the tree . amy ( cont 'd ) oh , God . david c'mon . this way . David pull Amy back toward the road . as they run , they see a second shadowy man , ( killer two ) , stand in the distance , block they escape . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 42 . continued : david ( cont 'd ) shit . they spin back the other direction , but killer one be cut they off ... stride down the center of the road toward they . amy David , it 's they . david get away from US ! but the man just keep close methodically in , tightening the angle around David and Amy . they have nowhere else to go but back toward the motel . david ( cont 'd ) come on ! David and Amy turn and sprint back across the road ... charge toward they motel room . Amy throw a glance back toward the figure . the man move calmly after they ... converge ... follow . amy they be come ! as Amy run , she cell phone fall from she pocket and crash to the gravel . Amy see it , but know she can not go back ... they continue on ... reach the door ... David grab the handle and push ... the door do not move . the two figure close in . they be in no hurry . angle on killer onex foot ... ... stepping down onto Amy 's cell phone ... crush it . David keep push against the door amy ( cont 'd ) open it , David ! david I be try ! amy shake it ! the guy say to ... David nearly shake the handle off the door . finally , it fly open . vacancy 3-23-06 43 . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David and Amy pour into the room . David slam the door shut behind they , turn the bolt and pull the chain back across . David and Amy back away from the door , look eerily similar to the old couple they watch on the video . 0.s. footstep ... heavy foot on gravel ... grow louder ... closer . David and Amy stare at the door , wait ... dread . then a soft clicking at the door ... like fingernails tapping at the wood . the clicking turn to clawing ... long , slow scratch down the door . then the door thump , like someone have just press they weight against it David throw he body against the door , hold it secure . the thumping grow harder . David begin to jerk from the pound . david ( whisper ) get the window open . in the bathroom . amy David ? david I will be right behind you . and do not turn on the light . Amy race into the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous Amy do not turn on the light . climb onto the commode to reach the small window . she pull on the handle with all she strength . the handle pop off its stem ... fall to the floor . Amy jump down to retrieve the handle ... raise back up to slide it back on , and there's killer two at the window . Amy stumble backward ... fall into the wall . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 44 . continued : amy david ! killer two stare in at Amy . Amy spin out of the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night Amy hurry back in with David . he 's still press against the door . amy they be out there . david where ? amy at the window ! the door keep shaking from the beat it 's take outside . david I have get a gun ! get away or I swear to God I will kill you ! the thumping against the door suddenly stop . the world go quiet . David do not dare step away , but he throw Amy a glance ... do it work ? and then the room erupt with pounding ... like club beat against the door and window . Amy throw she hand over she ear ... back into the corner amy leave US alone ! the pound continue , then die away . the room go silent again . Amy slide down the wall to the floor . David listen ... do not hear anything . he peer out through the peephole . david' Pov ... ... through the peephole . a stretch , magnify image of the dark , empty lot . no one 's there . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 45 . continued : david I do not see they . amy why would they just leave ? david they would not . amy how many of they be there ? david at least two . David move to the adjoin room door ... pull they door open and start shove against the next door amy wait ! they be over there . david and there 's nothing stop they from come in after we if that 's what they want . so we have get to find another way out of here . David ram he shoulder against the door . it do not budge . he hurry into the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous David rush to the window ... peer outside . a figure flash past ... disappear into the cluster of tree behind . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night David walk back to the front window ... slide the curtain open just a crack . david' Pov on the parking lot ... ...empty ... quiet . no sign of anyone . then we Pov pan over to the old pay phone stand across the lot against the motel wall . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 46 . continued : david ... ... stare at the phone a beat , then slide away from the window . he dig that dime out of he pocket . david I need to get to that phone . amy what ? david it 's a real phone . it will have to work . amy you be not go to get to it , David . they be not go to let you . david okay , Amy , then we just sit here . end up like all of they . David motion to the television . david ( cont 'd ) I see somebody out back . like they be watch the window . if we can keep they attention on that it might give I a chance to get to the phone . amy how do we do that ? David throw Amy a look ... she 's not go to like it . CUT to : int . prairie view motel / bathroom - night Amy stand at the window , nervously pull at the handle , like she 's try to get it open . she scrape she fingernails across the paint seam . killer one dart past in the tree . Amy close she eye ... tremble ... try to pretend no one 's out there , as she continue work on the window ... try to keep they attention . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 47 . continued : amy ( whisper ) please hurry . ext . prairie view motel - night the honeymoon suite door crack open ... David peer out ... all clear . he slip out the door ... duck in the shadow , near the corner of the building . he scan the area ... there 's a cluster of oil drum about halfway between David and the phone . David take off ... sprint over the gravel , then duck down at the center of the oil drum . he turn in a circle , check out all side . still clear . he eye the phone a moment , then notice a video camera hang from the corner of the building . another camera be attach at the other end of the building , aim at the parking lot . David stare back at they , then take a breath and dart toward the phone booth . int . phone booth - continuous David hurry inside ... start to pull the door close , but that send the ceiling light flashing on . David shove the door back open ... the phone booth go dark again . he grab the receiver , stretch cobweb out from the old phone . he shove the dime into the slot . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - night Amy continue chipping away at the seal window . suddenly , killer one appear just outside ... press he face against the glass . Amy scream ... stumble back out of the bathroom . int . phone booth - night David dial 911 ... glance around the empty lot . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 48 . continued : david ( whisper ) come on . a v.o. ringing , then ... man' voice ( v.0 . ) 911 emergency . David press himself against the crack phone booth glass to muffle he voice . david we need help . some people be try to kill we . man' voice ( v.0 . ) where be you locate , sir ? david my wife and I , we be at this motel ... the prairie View Motel . it 's near the mountain . they have get we trap here . man' voice ( v.0 . ) who have you trap , sir ? david I do not know . we just need someone to help we . it 's the prairie View Motel . man' voice ( v.0 . ) yes sir , you say that . do you have a address ? david what ? no . it 's on some side road . Jesus Christ , look it up . man' voice ( v.0 . ) you need to settle down . you will never survive if you lose control , Mr. Fox . david what be you talk ... and then David freeze ... stare at the phone . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 49 . continued : ( 2 ) man' voice ( v.0 . ) and you should not be wander around in the dark by yourself . suddenly bright light wash over david . he spin ... to the headlight of he BMW blind he . the car 's racing off the road ... blast across the motel lot toward David . man' voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it 's just not safe . David drop the phone and dive out of the phone booth ... just as the BMW smashes into the phone booth , shatter the glass , and send it fly through the air . CUT to : int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous Amy hear the crash ... rush to the window in time to see the BMW back away from demolish phone booth ... and David scramble to he foot ... sprinting back across the lot . amy David ! ext . prairie view motel - night the BMW 's tire spin in the gravel , as it reverse course ... take aim at David . David sprint across the lot . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous Amy stand at the window , watch David race from the car . amy run , David . run ! Amy rush to the door . swing it open . amy ( cont 'd ) hurry ! vacancy 3-23-06 50 . ext . prairie view motel - night David charge toward Amy ... toward the open door ... to he safety . the BMW speed up ... gain fast on David ... its crush smoking front end steam down David 's back . and David do not dare look back ... just keep head for that door . amy run , david ! the BMW lurch forward ... be about to pull David under , when David reach the door ... dive inside . the BMW veer away , skid across the lot , toss gravel into the room at David and Amy . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night Amy slam the door close ... lock it , and fall onto David , hold he ... kissing he . amy do not leave I again . please do not ever leave I . David wrap he arm around she ... hold she against he . david I will not . I promise . a car horn blare outside , separate they . they go to the window ... see the BMW sit outside , its headlight flash at they ... taunting they . amy do you get anybody on the phone ? david no . amy so what do we do now ? the BMW back up ... tear out of the lot and around the back of the motel office . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 51 . continued : David check he watch . david it 's go to be light in a few hour . they will want this to be over by then . David glance around the room . david ( cont 'd ) we need something . do you have some scissors ... anything ? Amy dig through she purse . shake she head . david ( cont 'd ) what about the knife ? the one with the apple ? amy in the car . David throw open some drawer ... nothing but a bible . he walk to the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous David check the drawer ... tug at the shower head pipe ... there 's nothing . he stare at he reflection in the mirror then slam he fist into the mirror . the mirror shatter ... jag shard of glass rain down over the sink . David grab a washcloth , and lift a large , dagger - like piece of mirror . he grip it like a knife . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night David walk out ... wave he new weapon at Amy and shrug . david best I could do . David join Amy . they slide down the wall to the floor . Amy notice David 's bleed hand . amy you cut yourself . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 52 . continued : david let 's hope that 's as bad as it get . Amy snuggle closer against David . they sit together in the darkness ... stare at the door amy what be they do ? David glance up to the video camera , aim toward they . david they be enjoy themselves . we pull back away from David and Amy ... back up toward the camera ... farther ... into the camera . David and Amy grow smaller ... then darkness take over for a moment ... ... until we see David and Amy again ... this time they be light with a green glow , like we be watch they through nightvision goggle . and we pull back farther ... realize the image be on a video monitor ... we drift back even more ... past the head of a man , watch the screen . the man press a keyboard button ... the image zoom in tight on Amy 's frighten face . he reach up ... run a finger along the screen ... over she face . a 0.s. door open . the man turn and for the first time , we see he face ... it 's mason . and he look very pleased . dissolve to : int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - night and Amy sit against the wall , she close eye flutter ... she head slowly drift forward ... fall asleep . suddenly a woman' 0.s. scream snap Amy 's head back up . her eye fly open . she look around in a sleepy panic ... ... see David at the television , watch one of the video tape ... the old couple be attack by the figure . amy you let I fall asleep ! ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 53 . continued : david just for a minute . you be exhaust . amy no . I want to be awake . Amy start to move over beside David . david I need you to stay there . amy what ? David point to a tiny black window hide in the wall directly across from Amy . david they be watch you . Amy glance up to the corner camera . there be towel hang over they . david ( cont 'd ) I do not want they to watch what I be do . but they have to see you ... know that we be not try to get out . Amy look back to the two-inch black window . she pull she knee up against she chest . amy what be you do ? david go through the tape . David fast forward the tape ... ... it jump along to shot of a old couple racing around the room in a panic ... into the bathroom ... back out ... crouching down in the corner . david ( cont 'd ) they have get camera everywhere . even outside . then they edit they together to make they own snuff film . remember the scream we hear ... from the tv that guy be watch in the office ? ( more ) ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 54 . continued : ( 2 ) david ( cont 'd ) ( off Amy 's nod ) I be sure it be one of this . it 's not enough to just rob and kill people . they want to watch it too . amy why be you watch they ? david I be look for mistake . amy what kind of mistake ? david any kind that might save we life . the other people ... they be not smart . amy they be scared . just like we be . david yeah . and they just stay in here like this room would protect they . it will not . they can come in anytime they want . David motion to the screen ... to the figure continue he attack on the old couple . suddenly , the image start skip back , as David rewind the tape ... the couple walk backward ... crouch down in the corner of the room . then David press the button ... the image start play ... ... v.0 . banging on the door . the couple jump up , rush to the door to hold it shut . as they do , the figure step out of the bathroom . david ( cont 'd ) they just wait until they get bored watch . David freeze the image ... point to it . david ( cont 'd ) there . amy what ? ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 55 . continued : ( 3 ) david it 's happen in almost every one of this . he just show up . amy how do that help we ? david how would he get in here ? he be not inside before . David replay the tape again ... the old couple move about the room ... slide down into the corner ... rush to the door ... the figure appear . david ( cont 'd ) and he do not come through that door . amy what do it matter ? david I could not tell in the other , but the angle with this one ... it 's the bathroom . ( beat ) and that 's where you apple come from . David move to the bathroom . david ( cont 'd ) stay there . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous David enter , close the door behind he . he hang a towel over the window , block any view from outside . he flip on the light ... he eye scan over the room , search ... until they settle on a missing tile in the shower . another camera . David lift the shower curtain back up , obstruct its view . then he start move around , tug on the commode , run he hand along the wall , look for seam . he turn in a tight circle , study the ceiling . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 56 . continued : and then a squeak from under David 's foot . he look down at the rug he 's stand on . he step off ... slide the rug away ... and there 's a trap door in the floor . David start to tug it open , then ... amy ( 0.s. ) David ! David hurry back out . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David rush out of the bathroom ... see Amy still sit on the floor , and point out the window . amy I see light . and now we hear the 0.s. rumble of a engine . David and Amy rush to the window . Amy inch the curtain open . a Beer delivery truck pull up outside the motel office . amy ( cont 'd ) someone 's here . they watch the truck grind to a stop . Amy start for the door . amy ( cont 'd ) c'mon . david wait . we do not know who he be . amy he 's a ride out of this place . david unless he 's one of they . what 's he do here so late ? David and Amy watch the driver climb down out of the truck . amy maybe he 's lose . that could happen . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 57 . continued : Amy give David a look ... could not it ? they stand at the window , watch the driver step down out of the truck ... pop the crick out of he neck . amy ( cont 'd ) he look like he 's be drive a long time . he 's not one of they , David . and then the Driver notice they stand in the window . they hold a look , until David raise he hand ... just a bit ... give the driver the slight wave . the driver glance around , a little confuse , before return it . amy ( cont 'd ) he can help we . Amy start for the door again , but David grab she . david you can not go out there . so Amy just start wave both arm . amy help ! ext . prairie view motel - continuous the driver stand by he truck , watch David and Amy flail wildly at they window . he can not hear anything over the rumble of he truck's engine . he throw another glance around the empty , dark lot , then start toward they . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David and Amy see the driver approach . amy he 's come . david they will not let he . he need to drive the truck over . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 58 . continued : David motion to the truck . the driver do not understand ... keep walk . david ( cont 'd ) I have to tell he . David start for the door , until ... amy david ! Amy 's stare horrify out the window . David peer back out ... to the driver halfway across the lot ... ...to killer one and killer two close in on he from the shadow behind . david no. nooo ! David and Amy start swinging they arm ... pound the window ... point and yell for the driver to turn around . ext . prairie view motel - continuous the driver still can not hear anything but he engine ... do not look back ... just keep walk toward David and Amy go crazy in the window . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David beat against the glass . david they 're behind you ! but the driver do not even flinch ... he can not hear he . David and Amy watch as killer one and killer two near the driver ... ten foot ... five ... the knive glistening in there hand . amy no ! ext . prairie view motel - continuous the driver continue toward they ... no more than twenty yard from they window . then ... ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 59 . continued : mason ( 0.s. ) hey ! the truck driver turn ... see mason trot toward he , hold out a video tape . mason ( cont 'd ) here ya go . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David and Amy watch as the driver start to mason , and killer one and killer two continue right past he ... right toward David and Amy . the driver take the tape from mason ... shove mason a wad of cash in return . then the driver turn ... look right at David and Amy ... and smile . David and Amy stare back at he in shock ... watch as killer one and killer two continue approach . Amy begin to cry ... she know it 's over . David snap the curtain close , block the killer ' view inside . david come on ! David pull Amy to the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous David shove Amy toward the hole in the floor david go . amy what be this ? david just go ! Amy slide down into the hole . David follow she , then pull the trap door back over the hole , sealing it . vacancy 3-23-06 60 . int . crawlspace - night a 6 x 6 dirt box . nothing but the trap door in the ceiling and a small , sewer pipe-size dirt tunnel lead out . David and Amy frantically feel over the wall , search for another exit . there be not one . just that tunnel . amy we can not go in that , David . we do not know what 's in there . 0.s. footstep above they . David look up to the sound , then back to that narrow tunnel . david we do not have any choice . David take Amy 's hand ... ease she toward the mouth of the tunnel . Amy shake she head ... hold firm . david ( cont 'd ) baby , we have to . come on , I will lead you . David squeeze into the tunnel ... dirt fall over he , as he crawl deeper . Amy stick just she upper body in the hole . int . tunnel - continuous Dark , dank and claustrophobic ... hand - dig through the earth . there 's just enough room for they to slide on they stomach . David try to look back to Amy , but it 's so tight he can not even turn he head to she . this be what it feel like to be bury alive . david come on , Amy . it 's gonna be okay . Amy watch David 's foot slide further into the darkness . david ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's gonna lead we out of here . more stomping above amy . she flinch at the sound , and it 's enough to send she squirming into the tunnel after David . vacancy 3-23-06 61 . int . tunnel - continuous the dirt wall of the tunnel squeeze they body as they crawl ... rock and underground vine jut out of the earth . David drag himself along the seemingly endless black hole . nothing but darkness ahead of they ... at least that 's all they can see . Amy 's cry ... kick at whatever she can not see behind she her breathe be quick ... uneven ... small gasp . amy I can not , David . I have to go back . david Amy , no . we can not go back . they will be wait for we . amy I can not breathe . david yes you can . just close you eye . grab hold of my leg and I will lead you . it will not be much further . Amy take hold of David 's ankle , then squeeze she eye shut and hang on ... willing she mind to another place , as she crawl behind David . they continue on ... nothing but darkness in front and behind they . the tunnel squeeze even tighter ... the wall have partially collapse ... just a sliver of space to drag themselves through . dirt rain over they as they crawl ... like the passage be only second from cave in . amy David , please . it 's go to fall . david no it be not . come on . David pull they along , squinting into the black ... until he hand grab a handful of flesh and fur ... a loud squeak . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 62 . continued : david ( cont 'd ) shit ! David pull he hand back ... watch as a mouse scurries away ... to a larger shadow ... a moving shadow ... dozen of mice fill the tunnel ahead . amy what be it ? what 's the matter ? david you can not scream , Amy . amy what ? david they will hear we if you scream . David continue toward the mound ... all the squeaking grow louder . amy David ? david just keep move . David 's hand drop into the center of the pile . mice scatter ... crawl over he hand ... up he arm . David reach further ... more mouse squirm out from under he hand ... slither out a metal grate in the wall , or scurry beneath he ... to Amy . Amy feel the movement ... the tiny foot run all over she skin . she gasp to hold back that scream . the frighten mouse race up the tunnel wall ... drop back down onto David and Amy 's back ... into they hair ... over they face . Amy 's about to fill this tunnel with she cry . david ( cont 'd ) we be almost there . they keep crawl ... slide over the tiny body ... until finally , the squeak fade . all we can hear be David and Amy breathe ... desperately try to make it to wherever this tunnel lead . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 63 . continued : ( 2 ) and then a sliver of light appear ahead . David see it ... he movement quicken . david ( cont 'd ) I see something . amy what be it ? david Light . a door maybe . they drag themselves toward it ... finally reach another 6 x 6 dirt box . David roll out of the tunnel . he pull Amy out , and she slap away any remain rodent . they stare up to a thin square - shape crack of light above they . amy ( whisper ) where be we ? David shake he head ... no idea . he press up against the square ... inch it upward . CUT to : david' Pov ... ... through the crack ... scan over the floor of a dimly light room ... leg of furniture ... a plate of half - eat food lie on the floor . man' voice ( 0.s. ) oh , GOD , please no ! David lower the square ... hold a finger over he mouth to Amy ... not a sound . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) I 'il give you money . as much as you want . we hear a 0.s. struggle ... but it 's distant ... false . David push the square up again ... peer through the crack ... widen ... and that 's when we see who 's scream ... it 's one of the snuff film play on a video monitor . a man be begging killer one for he life . vacancy 3-23-06 64 . int . prairie view motel office / back room - continuous David rise up from the hole , pull Amy up behind he . they see the large picture window overlook the parking lot , and duck down out of sight they glance around the room ... a wall of monitor , all display different angle of the honeymoon suite and motel grounds . video camera and equipment be pile all over the place . there be shelf of vhs tape lining the wall , each one hand -label ... " Steve and Sharon S. " , " Glen and flo D. " , " Brian and Alex P. " . this be mason 's private collection . another shelf be stack full of dusty watch , jewelry , toy doll , truck stop souvenir , a collection of rearview mirror crucifixe and rabbit feet ... driver license of various people ... all victim . this be a very creepy room ... especially with the man 's 0.s. pleas wash over the scene . they ease to the door ... glance out into the motel office . amy we be no better off than we be . david we be still alive . that 's better David spin ... start digging through the mess . david ( cont 'd ) there 's gotta be something here we can use . Amy join in ... pull back a blanket , revealing a telephone . amy David . Amy grab the phone ... lift the receiver ... we hear the v.0o . dial tone . she dial '' 911 '' . we hear the ring along with she . david I try that already . it be ... and then ... ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 65 . continued : man 's voice ( v.0 . ) 911 emergency . amy they be try to kill we . we're ... the 0.s. jingle of the office door open freeze Amy . man 's voice ( v.0 . ) what be you location , mar am . int . prairie view motel office - continuous mason hurry across the room with killer one right behind he . mason they do not just disappear . mason stride into the back room . and we enter with he ... expect to see David and Amy sit there wait ... ... but they be go . int . prairie view motel office / back room - continuous mason move to the wall of monitor ... look over all the angle . mason they be out there somewhere . and then a muffled voice ... phone voice ( v.o. ) hello , maam . mason turn ... see the receiver lie on the floor . he pick it up . phone voice ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I need you location . mason tear the cord out of the wall . he see the corner of the rug still flip over above the trap door . he nod to killer one . mason get down there after em . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 66 . continued : killer one throw open the trap door . mason go to the picture window ... see killer two stand in the honeymoon suite doorway . mason motion behind killer two , to the bathroom ... the trap door . then he point to the ground . mason ( cont 'd ) they be under we . CUT to : int . tunnel - continuous David and Amy be squirming ... slide ... crawl through the darkness ... desperately try to get to the other end of that tunnel . CUT to : killer two ... climbing into the mouth from the cement BOX ... scrambling into the tunnel CUT to : killer one ... ... drag himself along the tiny passage . CUT to : david and amy ... ... crawl as fast as they can . they breathe be panicked and fast . Amy keep try to glance behind they into the darkness ... to what she know be come ... but she can not turn ... can not see . CUT to : vacancy 3-23-06 67 . killer one ... ... come fast ... move smoothly through the tunnel . he 's do this enough to be a expert . CUT to : killer two ... ...stopping ... listen ... hearing movement ahead , and pull the knife from he belt before he continue on . CUT to : david and amy ... ... they face drip with sweat ... charge on into the black . no idea what 's wait just ahead of they . CUT to : killer one ... ... see a faint shape ahead of he in the darkness . we can not make it out , but we all know it 's Amy . killer one pull he knife ... close in on the shape . it grow closer ... clearer ... he ready the blade ... pull it back as far as the tunnel will allow so he can drive it down into Amy ... only a few foot away ... slip out of the darkness ... killer one swing ... then stop he motion just in time ... ... because it be not Amy . it 's killer two , with he knife ready to stab as well . they glance back ... see the metal grate pulled down from the wall . CUT to : david and amy ... ... scramble along the tunnel ... finally reach a rusty ladder . vacancy 3-23-06 68 . int . tool shed - continuous a square of the plank floor lift up . David and Amy climb up out of the hole ... find themselves inside a SMALL shed . it 's fill with crate ... shelf of tool ... pile of old luggage . David close the trap door david help I . David pull at a large crate . Amy push ... until they have get it sit on top of the trap door . David go to the window . ext . prairie view motel - continuous the tool shed sit at the back of the parking lot . we see David 's face appear in the dirty window . int . tool shed - continuous David peer out the window . david we be at the other end of the lot Amy slide to the floor . amy and they will look for we here . maybe not right away , but they will . david but we can not try to run . not yet we have to let they think we have get away . let they go after we . then we can run . amy what if they look in here first ? david Jesus , Amy , I do not know . I be do the best I can here . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 69 . continued : Amy nod ... fight back tear . David see it . he slide down ... wrap he arm around she ... pull she close to he , protect she . amy I be sorry . david nothing to be sorry for . I be the one that leave the interstate . amy no , I mean about everything else ... about we ... about Charlie . I should have watch he closer ... make sure the gate be up ... that he do not go near the stair . david shhhh . it be not you fault . none of it be . it be a accident . amy but he be so little . he think I would be there to catch he . I should have be there . and now Amy break down ... sob into David 's chest . david listen to I , you have to stop blame yourself . nobody else do . David push she back so he can look into she face . david ( cont 'd ) we just have to get out of here first , okay ? everything start over again once we make it out of this . Amy manage a nod . David kiss she . a 0.s. rumble ... tire over gravel . David rise back up to the window ... see a highway patrol car pull into the lot . david ( cont 'd ) somebody else be out there . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 70 . continued : ( 2 ) Amy join David at the window . they watch as a cop step out of the car . amy the 911 . Amy start for the door . David grab she ... she look at he like he 's crazy . he motion out the window ... to the smile mason walk out of the office ... shaking hand with the cop . david or he 's one of they . like the truck driver . David study mason and the cop talk . david ( cont 'd ) you do not even tell they where we be . why would they come ? CUT to : ext . prairie view motel - continuous mason and the cop stand at the patrol car . cop there be a 911 call trace to this number . mason be you sure ? it 's just I here tonight . the cop scan the area . cop and you run the place ? ( off mason 's nod ) then I will not disturb anybody if I take a look around . the cop start toward the motel room . mason lag a step behind , throw quick glance around the lot . mason we do not even have phone in this room . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 71 . continued : cop I still need to check it out . the cop veer straight for the honeymoon suite . mason pick up he pace ... get he hand to the door before the cop ... pull the key from the wire on he belt and stretch it into the door . he jiggle that sticky handle . mason shit , I forget , this one work ona different key than the rest . lemme run back to the office and grab it . mason start away . cop can I have that ? ( motion to the key ) for the other room . mason hesitates , then nod ... toss the key to the cop . mason watch he move down to room 7 ... open the door . mason spin toward the office . int . tool shed - continuous David and Amy watch mason trot into the office ... watch the cop disappear into room # 7 . david they be look for we . amy what if he 's here to help we ? david he be not . that guy would not let he look around by himself like that . and I call 911 before , remember ? it be they that answer . int . prairie view motel / room # 7 - night the cop move around the room ... glance around the bed . cop hello ? ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 72 . continued : no answer . he walk to the bathroom ... flip on the light ... the room 's empty . he turn the light off ... start back for the door , then stop ... look to the adjoin room door ... the door lead to the honeymoon suite . he flip the lock ... pull the door wide . and the honeymoon suite door be already open . cop ( cont 'd ) hello ? he step through the doorway . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous the cop enter ... scan over the room ... the furniture toss about ... the shattered mirror piece on the floor ... the OPEN trap door in the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / bathroom - continuous the cop walk into the bathroom ... crouch beside the hole ... lean in . and it 's too dark down there to see anything , so we be just wait for one of the killer to come spring out of the hole , knife flail . but they do not . and the cop pull he flashlight ... aim the beam into the dirt hole . it 's empty . he study it a beat , then stand ... walk back into the room . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous the cop move past the overturn lamp , then glance up ... to the towel hanging in the corner . he pull one of the towel away , revealing the camera . he stare back into the lens , drawing he gun as he turn . and there be the video tape scatter about . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 73 . continued : the cop go to the television ... turn it on and press play on the vcr . tight on the cop 's face ... ... as we hear the 0.s. scream . he flinch at what he see . shock and fear wash over he face . int . tool shed - night David and Amy stare through the window ... see the honeymoon suite door swing open ... the cop step into the doorway , gun in hand . his nervous eye dart around the empty lot amy he look scared . David stare at the cop ... try to read what the cop 's think . david maybe . I do not know . and then a thud , as someone pound on the trap door , lift the crate into the air . it slam back to the floor . David and Amy spin to it , then look back to the cop ... ... hustling toward he car amy he 's go to leave , David . David 's freeze ... unsure . another thud from the trap door . amy he 's go to leave ! and David know they do not have a choice . he grab Amy 's arm ... throw open the door , and they charge out of the shed . ext . prairie view motel - continuous the cop hurry toward the patrol car . amy ( 0.s. ) help US ! the cop turn ... see David and Amy sprinting toward he , wave they arm . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 74 . continued : david wait ! the cop raise he gun toward they , then see the terror on they face ... they body cover in blood and dirt . and he 's see the tape ... he know what 's happen to they . cop get in the car ! David and Amy slide in the passenger side . the cop charge around to the other side . int . patrol car - continuous the cop leap inside ... turn the key in the ignition ... click . he flip the key back ... repeat ... more click . david what 's the matter with it ? the cop shake he head , then notice something ... ... the hood be raise just a few inches ... like someone work on the engine then silently close the hood . his eye jump to the police radio ... go ... just wire . amy they be not go to let we leave . cop I be not givin em a choice . stay here . the cop climb out , he gun cocked and ready . david wait ! but the cop be already out . Amy reach over , pound the door lock down . David and Amy 's head be snap in all direction ... look for a attack . they watch through the windshield as the cop move around the front of the car , scan the area as he lift the hood . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 75 . continued : the cop disappear behind the raise hood . CUT to : ext . patrol car - continuous angle on the cop' hand ... ... move across the engine ... to the battery ... and the slice battery cable . tight on the cop' face ... ... see the cable . cop shit . CUT to : Pov from behind the cop ... ... as he raise he hand up onto the hood ... pull it back down . CUT to : int . patrol car - continuous David and Amy watch the cop reappear as the hood lower . at that same moment , a shape rise up from behind the cop ... killer one . David and Amy cry out . the cop have a instant beat of confusion , as he see they scream . but then he know ... raise the gun as he start to spin ... ... but killer one slam the knife into he back before he can turn . CUT to : vacancy 3-23-06 76 . the face of david and amy ... ... watch the murder in shocked horror . all the death they have see on the video tape be suddenly right in front of they ... and very real . Amy continue to scream . David throw the door open , as we hear the stabbing thud and the cop 's painful groans . David grab Amy ... pull she out of the car with he . ext . prairie view motel - continuous David and Amy scramble out ... see the cop 's leg lie in front of the patrol car ... killer one move around the car toward they . they spin ... see mason stand at the center of the parking lot , twirling he gun . mason you just have to drag he into this do not you . you might as well have stick that knife in he yourselves . now here come killer two walk out of the tool shed . David and Amy search for a place to run ... all they have be mason and the killer close in from all side . so they take off back to the only place they have leave ... the honeymoon suite . int . prairie view motel / honeymoon suite - continuous David and Amy rush inside ... slam the door close behind they . amy they kill he , David ! they just kill he . suddenly the front door swing open , and killer one 's face jam through the crack . he reach he hand up to snap the chain . David scoops up one of the shard of break mirror from the floor raise it above he head to drive it into killer onex hand . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 77 . continued : killer one cry out ... pull back he hand . David slam the door close again ... bolt the lock . he point to the bed . david help I move it over ! David and Amy drag the bed ... jam it against the door . David tip a dresser onto its side ... shove it across the floor and over the hole in the bathroom floor , block it . he jam the shower rod over the dresser , wedge it against the sink to secure the dresser against the floor . amy they '11 find another way in . david I be just try to slow they down . David pull open the adjoin room door ... it 's open into room # 7 . david ( cont 'd ) come on ! David and Amy rush through the doorway . int . prairie view motel / room seven - continuous they sprint across the room ... pull open the next adjoin room door , revealing the door to room # 6 . David push against it ... lock . David slam he shoulder into the door ... nothing . david shit ! David look around ... spot the television . he grab it jerk the cord loose from the wall , then carry it across the room and throws it through the door . the door splinter open . david ( cont 'd ) hurry ! David and Amy race through the shattered door vacancy 3-23-06 78 . int . prairie view motel / room six - continuous David and Amy charge into the room ... race across it . David pull open the next door , then kick that adjoining room door OPEN . they sprint into the next room . int . prairie view motel / room five - continuous David and Amy repeat it all again ... blast they way into the adjoin room ... keep run . int . prairie view motel / room one - night tight on the adjoining door ... ... as it shatter open . David and Amy pour into the room ... race across it , then realize there be no more door . David bolt the front door and secure the chain across it . they grab a dresser ... drag it over the floor and prop it against the adjoin room door , block it . amy they will be come , David . ( glance around ) where do we go now ? David search the room . he hurry into the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / room one bathroom - continuous David go to the window ... turn the handle . the window crank open ... push the rusty nail over , and swing open . david here . Amy enter ... climb up onto the commode to slide out . but the window 's too small ... no way to fit . amy I can not . there 's no way . david just keep try . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 79 . continued : amy I would barely get halfway out . you would not even come close . David kick up the bathroom rug , look for another secret exit ... nothing . david shit. int . prairie view motel / room one - night David and Amy hurry back into the room . David peek out the edge of the window . david I do not see they . amy they be out there . david maybe around the back ... or underneath we . if I could make it to the office . he keep he gun there . amy and he kill that people with it . what be the odd he put it back ? david better than they be of they not find we if we just wait here . then David glance up ... notice something . the ceiling be make of foam tile . he grab a chair ... climb up and push one of the tile away . int . attic - night David 's head poke up through the ceiling ... scan the area . david this could work . int . prairie view motel / room one - night David drop back down . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 80 . continued : amy what ? David tear a shred off of Amy 's shirt . amy ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? David go into the bathroom . int . prairie view motel / room one bathroom - continuous David rush to the window ... jam the piece of material over a sliver of splinter wood . the cloth hang there ... blow in the breeze . david leave they a trail . int . prairie view motel / room one - night David hurry back to the chair , motion Amy up . david they will think you make it out the window . they will not look up there . amy what about you ? david I will get to the office . to that asshole 's gun . amy it 's not go to be there . david something will be there . something I can use . amy no . you say you would not leave I again . david it 's just for a minute . swear to god. Amy do not like this a bit , but she step up onto the chair ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 81 . continued : david ( cont 'd ) you just have to stay real quiet up there , Amy . Amy nod ... pull herself upward . David take she leg and shove she up into the hole . int . attic - night Amy rise into the attic ... crawl over the wooden joist . int . prairie view motel / room one - night Amy look down from the hole . david now pull the tile back over . amy I do not want to do this , David . david we have to . it 's we only shot . Amy start pull the tile back over the hole . david ( cont 'd ) and you have to be quiet , baby . I mean not a sound . no matter what happen , you can not make a sound . Amy nod ... look like she 's about to cry . david ( cont 'd ) we be go to make it out of here . amy promise ? int . attic - continuous David 's face stare up through the sliver of space at Amy . david promise . David motion for Amy to pull the tile across . as she do , David disappear . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 82. continued : david ( cont 'd ) remember . not a sound . do not even move . Amy peer down through the crack between the tile ... she can see sliver of movement ... David push the chair back across the room . int . prairie view motel / room one - night David shove the chair back under the desk ... hear 0.s. rustling from beyond the adjoin wall . david they be come , Amy . TI have to go . amy ( 0.s. ) David ? david they will not know you be up there . stay quiet and they will never know . David start toward the door ... stop and glance back to the ceiling . david ( cont 'd ) I love you . and then David pull the chain ... open the front door ... and come face to face with killer two . before David can react , killer two draw he knife back ... swing a uppercut with it tight on david' face ... ... as he gasp ... he eye go wide . killer two shove he back into the room ... step in after he . CUT to : int . attic - continuous Amy stare down through the crack ... see David stand just below she . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 83 . continued : she want to scream ... instead throw a hand over she mouth to silence a cry . int . prairie view motel / room one - night killer two move close to David ... nose to nose ... raise he knife again . CUT to : amy horrified face ... ... as we hear david' agonizing moan . through the crack , Amy see David crumble to he knee . Amy swallow a scream ... watch with tear - fill eye . int . prairie view motel / room one - night David gasp ... start crawl out of the room . killer two watch the pathetic attempt at escape . David struggle every inch ... drag himself toward the open door . ext . prairie view motel / room one - night David crawl out the door . he look up . CUT to : david' Pov ... ...on a smile mason stand over David , hold a video camera to he eye . CUT to : Pov through mason's camera ... ... grainy and tremble ... zoom in on David 's face stare up at the camera ... the life slip away , until he finally slide to the ground . back to scene ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 84 . continued : mason lower the camera ... nod to the killer in the doorway . mason let 's get she out here and do this . mason walk into the room . int . prairie view motel / room one - night mason and the killer scan the room ... see the cloth flapping in the window . mason find she . killer one and killer two rush out of the room . int . attic - continuous Amy see mason stand just below she . she 's tremble so much that she can barely support herself . finally , mason walk out . Amy ease back over the joist ... lean against the wall , pull she knee up tightly to she chest . tear pour down she face ... she 's all alone . ext . prairie view motel - dawn the sky be just beginning to brighten . the motel grounds be empty and quiet . int . attic - dawn the early morning sun slip through the attic slat . Amy crawl along the joist ... peer through the ceiling tile crack ... no sign of anyone . Amy inch one of the tile over ... strain to get a angle on the room . CUT to : amy Pov ... ...on the empty room ... at least what she can see of it . vacancy 3-23-06 85 . int . prairie view motel / room one - dawn the ceiling tile inch to the side . Amy appear ... climb down ... hang from the ceiling , scan the room before she drop to the floor . Amy land as softly as she can ... stay crouch on the floor , wait for someone to come charge after she . but no one appear . Amy look out the open front door ... see David 's body still lie on the ground . Amy begin to convulse , as she fight the tear . she start toward he . CUT to : Pov from david' body ... ...on Amy move toward we . and then killer two step out of the bathroom door behind amy . Amy have no idea he 's there . she keep move to David . and killer two keep walk after she ... pull the knife from he belt . angle on amy face ... .. hearing the movement behind she she spin ... see killer two approach . amy no ! Amy take off out the door . ext . prairie view motel - continuous Amy race past David 's body . she see the BMW sit tuck around the corner of the building . Amy charge toward it ... throw open the door and leap inside . vacancy 3-23-06 86 . int . BMW - continuous Amy slam the door close behind she ... lock it . reaches to the ignition , and there's a homemade key ... a jagged sliver of metal ... jammed into it . Amy turn the piece of metal ... the engine tries to crank ... amy please ... ... then roar to life . she throw it into gear ... the car lurch forward . Amy spin the wheel ... aim for the road ... ... just as killer two's fist come smashing through her window . Amy scream ... try to fight he off , but he 's hang on ... crawling in through the broken window onto amy . she step on the gas ... the BMW pick up speed . as they struggle , the steering wheel be jerked sideways ... the car take a hard turn toward the motel room . killer two 's upper body be inside the window . he 's claw at Amy ... choke she . and Amy 's forget all about steering this car ... she 's just try to escape ... ... do not even see the Motel room doorway approach fast ... or killer one rushing out of the doorway to see the commotion ... ... and find the grill of the BMW right on top of he . killer one have no time to react before the car plows into the doorway ... slam into he . CUT to : int . prairie view motel / room - continuous concrete , plaster and wood erupt , as the front end of the BMW crash in , tearing out the front wall of the room . and killer one be pin against the grill , as the BMW thrust he backward . vacancy 3-23-06 87 . int . BMW - continuous the car slam into the back wall , vaulting killer two out the window . he sail forward , disappear in the cloud of dust and debris . the force throw Amy up into the windshield . the glass splinter around she . the jolt knock the breath from she lung . she roll back down to the seat ... try to catch she breath ... shake the dizziness away . then she raise up ... ... and there 's killer one peering over the front end of the BMW at her . Amy start to scream ... but then see he body 's freeze ... he face be lifeless . he 's pin between the car and the wall ... crush . Amy glance around for killer two ... she can not see he . she turn the handmade key to restart the engine ... it only click . she pound she foot on the pedal ... turn the key again ... more click . Amy throw a nervous glance around , then open she door ... climb out ... ... and here come killer two rising out of the rubble ... still gripping he knife . Amy scramble back ... trip among the debris . killer two keep come ... slowly raise the knife . but then instead of swinging it down , the knife slip from he hand ... tumble to the floor . and then we see why ... the thick shard of wood jutting out of he stomach . blood seep out around it . he fall to he knee ... make one last grab for Amy , then collapse dead beside she . mason ( 0.s. ) no ! Amy look down the open partition door ... to mason racing through the room toward she . Amy crawl over the wreckage ... take off out of the room . vacancy 3-23-06 88. ext . prairie view motel - continuous Amy sprint across the gravel lot ... reach the pickup truck . she look inside ... no keys . int . prairie view motel / room - continuous mason run into the room ... see the body of killer one and killer two . tear fill he eye . mason oh , Jesus . no. he bend down over killer two . mason ( cont 'd ) what do she do ? int . prairie view motel office - continuous Amy race inside , lock the door behind she ... peer out hrough the window for some sign of mason . he be not out here . tet she hurry behind the counter ... frantically search the shelf for a gun ... a weapon ... key ... anything . angle on the security monitor ... ... Amy 's onscreen , search the office ... find nothing . he run into the back room . n int . prairie view motel office / back room - continuous the television screen be fill with static . Amy hurry through the mess ... sink to she knee beneath the large window ... scan the area for mason . he be not there . he turn ... shove a dresser over onto the trap door , lock it . she grab the phone ... start to dial , then top ... tap the button ... follow the cord along the loor ... to the shredd end of the cord . he grab it ... try to shove it back into the wall jack 's she fight with it , we pan up to the video monitor ... and he image of mason walking out of the motel room . of > nd ahth ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 89 . continued : he stride out of frame ... disappear ... appear again in another monitor ... closer ... then vanish again . we pan back to Amy , and she 's too busy work on the phone to have see he . but the cord be break ... useless . she throw another glance back out the window ... nothing . and then the 0.s. jingle of the office door open . Amy freeze ... grab a video camera tripod , move to the doorway ... peek around the edge . the office door be cracked OPEN . the breeze sway it back and forth , ringing the bell . Amy ready the tripod in she hand ... ease through the doorway . int . prairie view motel office - continuous Amy move toward the door . her eye dance around , just wait for mason to spring upon she . but mason do not show ... and Amy 's get closer to the door , until she sprint the final step ... slam the door shut , bolt it . she spin ... hurry back around the counter ... through the doorway . int . prairie view motel office / back room - continuous Amy rush back into the room ... move to the window to look outside . and that 's when the rusty trash can come flying through the window , shatter the glass and knock Amy back to the floor . the tripod fly from she hand ... slide away . mason leap through the break window . Amy reach for the tripod , but mason kick she , send she sprawling . Amy crawl for the door , but mason kick it close and grab Amy by the hair ... snap she head back so she can get a good look at he . mason you shoulda let my brother kill you last night . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 90 . continued : mason slam he head against amy be ... bam ... knock she back to the floor . she sit on the dirty shag carpet , daze . CUT to : amy blurred Pov ... ...on mason grab a video camera from the table ... plugging in some electrical equipment . mason ' Cause we be gonna need at least two battery to get everything I be gonna do to you . mason raise the video camera to he eye ... the light on the front flash red . CUT to : mason's Pov through the camera ... ...on Amy stare half - conscious back at we . she can not say anything . the barrel of mason 's gun rise to the edge of the frame ... aim right at Amy . mason ( v.0 . ) now tell I you name . a beat , as Amy gather she thought , then ... amy Amy ... Amy Fox . mason ( v.0 . ) hello , Amy . you have do a lotta bad thing here tonight , have not you ? Amy do not answer . we see mason 's thumb cock the hammer of the gun ... click . mason ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) have not you , Amy ? Amy finally nod . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 91 . continued : mason ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) yes you have . but now you be gonna try and make up for all that be not you ? Amy nod again . mason ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) trouble be , Amy , you clothes be all bloody . do not you wanna look nice for everyone ? Amy do not answer . mason ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) take off you shirt , Amy . Amy shake she head . amy no . mason wave the gun again . mason ( v.0 . ) that 's the last time you say no to I . Amy 's still so daze ... finally reach for she button ... just nudge they ... can not make she finger work . mason ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) you can do it . but Amy can not . she 's try , but she finger just will not cooperate . mason ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) shit . we Pov drop to the floor , as mason lower the camera . back to scene mason go to Amy , reach out to unbutton she shirt himself . and Amy 's too out of it to even try to stop he . mason give she face a light smack mason ( cont 'd ) now do not you pass out on I . I want you to know every little thing I be doin ' to you . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 92 . continued : ( 2 ) Amy 's heavy arm just hang beside she , as mason pop open the first button . and that 's when we realize Amy be not as daze as mason and the rest of we think she be . her hand move quickly ... grab the tripod and slam it against mason's head . mason stumble back to the couch . Amy leap to she foot charge to the door , throw it open . int . prairie view motel office - continuous Amy run through the doorway ... start around the counter , but that 's as far as she get before mason spring from the back room , tackle Amy against the counter . mason grab Amy by the hair ... slam she head onto the counter over and over , ringing the bell at the jack -a- lope' feet again and again . he turn she around to press he gun against she head . as Amy spin , she hand find the jack-a-lope ... she swing it drive the antler into mason's shoulder . mason gasp ... lose he grip on the gun ... it tumble across the counter to the floor . Amy crawl over the counter ... hit the floor and scramble for the gun . mason pull the Jack -a- lope out of he shoulder ... charge around the counter and tackle Amy as she reach the gun ... it slide across the floor they wrestle on the floor , trading blow ... use lamp chair , book ... anything they can get they hand on ... each gain , then lose control ... almost get they hand on the gun before the other knock they away . angle on the video monitor ... ... display various angle of this bloody , welterweight fight to the death . back to scene and mason be on top of Amy , he sweaty hand clamp around she throat ... strangling the life out of she ... all thought of torture and pleasure long go . as Amy gasp she final breath , she reach up ... tear down mason 's cheek with she fingernails . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 93 . continued : mason cry out in pain , and that give Amy a moment to squirm free ... to start crawl for the gun . mason dive after she ... grab she ankle , jerk she back toward he . but Amy get she finger on the gun ... roll onto she back ... boom ... boom ... boom ... boom . she empty the gun into mason ... knock he back with each blast , until he hit the wall ... slide down to the floor he stare at Amy , the life blink from he eye . Amy stare back ... exhaust ... almost dead herself . angle on the video monitor behind the counter ... ... and different angle of Amy and mason on each screen ... watch each other . mason 's body twitching ... jerk . Amy stand up and walk out of frame . we hear the bell above the office door jingle . and we hold on we various perspective of the mason ... he body finally fall still . ext . prairie view motel - morning Amy limp across the gravel parking lot toward David 's fall body . she reach he ... fall to she knee ... begin cry . she slump over ... lay across David , hold he . angle on amy ankle ... ..asS a hand grab it . Amy scream ... shoot up ... and see that it 's david' hand holding her leg . his mouth open ... try to speak ... can not . but it do not matter , because he's alive . amy oh , god. David . David , can you hear I ? she roll he onto he back . David gurgle ... cough blood down over he lip . Amy do not care ... she kiss he ... run she hand along he face . amy ( cont 'd ) I have get you , baby . I be here . ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 94 . continued : Amy look around in a panic ... she eye settle on mason 's pickup truck . amy ( cont 'd ) I will be right back , David . Amy jump up ... sprint toward the office . int . prairie view motel office - morning Amy charge inside ... run to mason 's body and crouch over it . she pull at he ... try to get to he pocket ... and we be wait for mason to spring to life ... to grab she with that hand of he that 's flop beside they . she run she hand over he clothes ... to he pants ... he pocket ... digging inside , then pull out he truck keys . and mason never flinch . ext . prairie view motel - morning Amy run outside ... jump into the pickup truck . the engine start . she steer it to David ... skid to a stop beside he and leap out . she start to lift he . David moan in pain . amy we have to go , David . I be go to take you to a doctor . Amy grab David 's hand and pull he to the truck . she ease he up into the cab , then climb in . int . pickup truck - continuous Amy rattles the truck into gear , then pull out . she reach over and stroke David 's head , as he lie slump in the seat . amy I love you , David . can you hear I ? I love you too . ext . prairie view motel - continuous the pickup truck race away , leave the prairie View behind . vacancy 3-23-06 95 . ext . road - morning the pickup truck speed along the road . int . pickup truck - morning David 's breathe be slow ... fade . and then Amy see something ahead of she ... the flashing light of a sheriff' patrol car and ambulance racing toward they . Amy jerk the wheel of the truck , slide to a stop in the middle of the road . she leap out . ext . road - continuous Amy frantically wave she arm at the oncoming vehicle . they slow to a stop . cop and paramedics hurry toward she . Amy rush back around the truck to David . she open the door ... stroke he face . amy everything 's good now . you be right , David . we be go to be okay . then we pull away ... up into the sky ... look down on Amy and David , as the cop and paramedics reach they . dissolve to : that hand -held Pov we began with ... ... only the scene be different ... the sun be sink into the horizon ... all but the most dedicated reporter be go . a few cop and paramedics still walk about we pan across the remain of the prairie View ... the bulldozer shut down , rest beside the empty , mass grave behind the motel ... to a side shot of a female reporter and cameraman complete a report . female reporter authority will continue the digging early tomorrow . we glide off the female reporter ... past the wrecked BMW ... over a exhausted bloodhound sleep ... ( continued ) vacancy 3-23-06 96 . continued : female reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and we have be tell the police have go to mckinley County Hospital to question a couple find earlier today . supposedly , they match the description of victim see on one of that infamous video tape . ...to the prairie View Motel Office ... the front window shattered . female reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hopefully , they will be able to fill in some blank for the authority regard the horrible atrocity that occur here . we hold on the rusty vacancy sign hang on the wall . female reporter ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) as for the immediate future , local authority will be remove the vacancy sign that until today hang here outside the prairie View Motel . this be Nina juarez report live for Channel 9 News . fade out . the end