valentine by donna & Wayne power base on the novel by Tom Savage revision by gretchen J. berg & Aaron harberts may 11 , 2000 script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library scare of be alone on Valentine 's Day ? you should be . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library valentine fade in : red screen crimson so vibrant it pulsate . rising out of the surging color field , the Warner Brothers logo . buried deep within it , a heart - like throbbing . the logo expands . contract . with each beat , we hear scare breathing . dissolve to : ext . kennedy middle school - our Pov - night ( 1988 ) we be stare up at the monolithic brick school . a symbol of prepubescent hell . camera dart down to a pair of boyish , fifteen - year - old hand , fingernails gnaw into oblivion . stain with bike grease , they fumble with a combination lock . the breathing continue . teenybopper tittering assault we from the leave . camera whip , catch the cadre of seventh grade girl -- a flurry of hair scrunchy and party dress ~- pile out of a station wagon . no one make eye contact with the camera , but that do not stop we from rising and zooming in on shelley , a pretty twelve - year-old . nervous , the hand rub against a powder blue tuxedo shirt . we move with we boy as he close in behind the girl . the camera bounce with he herky - jerky , uneven step . boy ( 0.s. ) hi , shelley . shelley roll she gorgeous blue eye in disgust . she look down at the Boy 's foot and wrinkle she nose . camera follows the gaze to expose cruelly pigeon - to foot , clad in thick black orthopedic shoe . int . middle school gym - night we have enter a Valentine Day 's dance . it 's just as awful as you remember it . tiffany 's horrific cover of " I think we be alone now " boom from a p.a. system . the camera take it all in . on a banner , " cupid 's ball , 198811 " a blur of red and white streamer and heart - shape balloon . a flash of the rent fog machine , the disco ball , the teacher stand guard over punch bowl . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : a glance of pre-teen boy , gather in pack , pretend to ignore the group of pre-teen girl . some of the kid wear plastic cherub mask -- obvious party favor that will clutter they closet for year to come . camera shuffle over to lily , a sixth - grade princess in a pink gown . she hold court with several loyal subject . boy ( 0.s. ) um. lily , would you like to dance with I ? lily no . the subject erupt into laughter . subject # 1 he smell . subject # 2 where have you get you jacket , Jeremy ? the dump ? they toss they hair and float off . we turn , spot the class bad girl , paige , pose defiantly in she black mini-skirt and stilettos . she 's definitely pack cigarettes in she purse . the Boy approach cautiously . boy ( 0.s. ) paige ? do you want to dance ? paige I would rather be boil alive , dork . suddenly , we be pushed from behind . right at paige . a eighth grade bully circle around , get up in the Boy 's ( and we ) face . bully shove off , pigeon shit . moving with the Boy , as he go in the direction of the bleacher , where jennifer , a confident girl , sip a glass of punch . she 's not afraid to catch the Boy 's eye . boy ( 0.s. ) Jennifer , will you dance with I ? jennifer I come with a date , Jeremy . sorry . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : camera push through a crowd of awkward face , approach the dance floor , where exuberant girl and rhythm - impair boy bop up and down like belinda carlisle . a quick peek at each brace - cover mouth , or acne-cover cheek , or hand darting to cover a expose bra strap . here and there , flash of cherub mask . we turn and land on dorothy , a plump , shy girl . her eye rove . a clique of seventh grader move past she . as they do , they snort like pig . dorothy make a paranoid inventory of the gym . she look straight into the camera and realize that the Boy hear everything . finally , he step forward and into we view . he have a bird - like face and dark , hollow eye . dorothy what be you look at ? boy dorothy , I -- dorothy get away ! boy I just want to ask you -- dorothy leave I alone , pigeon shit ! the bully appear out of nowhere . bully be Jeremy bother you , dorothy ? dorothy back away -- uncomfortable in the spotlight . the bully shove the Boy . boy I do not do anything . a crowd of onlooker have gather . dorothy start to panic . dorothy he 's -- he 's be follow I all night . ask I if I 'il make out with he under the bleacher . several jock type raise they cherub mask , laser angry , judgmental gaze . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : jock # 1 you look for some action , Jeremy ? get over here . he jerk the Boy into the center of the mob . hand grab at he jacket , yank it off . boy no -- the Boy try to twist away . dorothy this 'il teach you . there 's no escape . tiffany still belt she heart out , but the kide have they own song . kide pigeon shit ! pigeon shit ! careful you might step in it ! it 's utter chaos . the Boy 's orthopedic shoe sail into the air . Wild hand hot-potato they around the gym . kide pigeon shit ! pigeon shit ! careful you might step in it ! shirt and pants be wrestle away , expose the concave chest , the dingy penney 's brief . spindly , crooked leg . serawny arm frantically try to cover up . a punch cup go fly . Hit he in the head . Red liquid spill down he pale torso . kide pigeon shit ! pigeon shit ! careful you might step in it ! paige shove a chocolate cupcake down into he underwear . we be tight on the Boy 's tremble face as he watch the circus-like proceedings . blood trickle from one nostril -- a involuntary nosebleed . in shock , he stand and calmly try to walk through the crush of jeer , but the kid push he back . someone drape a tangle of crepe paper over he head . the kid spin he around and around . kide pigeon shit ! pigeon shit ! careful you might step in it ! ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : the Boy snap , try to fight back with a wild and girlish punch . four boy easily tackle he to the ground . they grab at he underwear . threadbare seam begin to give way , expose the runny brown cupcake frosting . the Boy howl like a cornere animal . pull up as the crowd grow and surge with a sinister life of its own . the Boy be swallow by the mob . kide pigeon shit ! pigeon shit ! careful you might step in it ! stop on the banner , " cupid 's ball , 1988 ! " and the freeze , poster - paint grin of a cupid 's face . gradually , the child 's taunt fade away . dissolve to : int . elegant restaurant - night ( 2001 ) pan across the room , where couple dine at candle - light table . one patron feed delectable morsel to he beloved . next to they , a miserable bore and shy girl hide behind menus . nearby , a long -time marry couple eat in silence and stare off into space . stop on jason , 30 , and a pompous ass . he lean forward , and talk with he mouth full of food . jason what Jason be look for ina relationship be a perfect match . someone who will bring out my good quality , but will not judge I for my bad one . pull back to reveal shelley fisher , 24 and beautiful . she try not to stare at the horrendous display in front of she . shelley ( off he tooth ) you have get some spinach or something ... jason huh ? oh , thanks . anyway , unconditional love . that 's what I be after . that 's what I be offer . how ' bout you ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : shelley me? well , uh , what shelley 's look for be ... ( spot a pass waiter ; call off ) the check ! the waiter approach . waiter would you care for any coffee or -- shelley nope . just the check . the waiter deposit it and leave . jason be you sure ? Jason have a sweet tooth . shelley yeah . actually , I have to get back . it 's final and -- Jason scoops up the check and gulp down he mouthful of food . jason muy expensivo . horrify , shelley spot another woman , whose male companion blather on and on . the woman catch shelley 's eye , and they share a sympathetic look . Jason pull out a Palm Pilot . jason let 's see , you have the salmon ; I have a salad . do you have two glass of wine ? shelley swig down the last of she merlot and try not to scream . ext . san francisco STREET - night a cab pull up to the curb and shelley yank open the door . she slap on a smile and extend a hand . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : shelley Jason , I be glad we do this . take care . Jason fumble for a pen . jason let I get you number . on Valentine 's Day , we 'il go out on my friend 's sailboat . it have a bedroom below deck and everything . shelley I do not think so . jason but -- shelley good night . shelley get into the cab , and it roar off . Jason yell after it -- jason hey ! I do this as a favor ! stay on Jason , seethe as the cab disappear into the night . int . cab - night shelley use a tissue to scrub the lipstick from she face as she talk into she cell phone . shelley mother , you may never , ever set I up on a blind date again ... so what if he 's a doctor ? I be go to be a doctor ! CUT to : ext . medical school build - night a sterile , three - story structure in the dead of night . the window be black , all be still until the cab pull up . shelley jump out . and dash into the building . as soon as the cab pull away -- someone creep through the tree and approach a first floor window . Inside , a light go on . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library int . gross anatomy lab - night moving past colorful anatomical chart , sign - up sheet for study group , and jar of organ . a ancient epitaph , donate by some miserable student , be etched into the black surface of a lab table : " anatomy suck . " the letter be deep , jag , obviously augment every year with scalpel and ballpoint pen . from a corner , a skeleton smile out over the room . two red carnation protrude from he empty eye socket . on chalkboard another epitaph : " exam tomorrow . 10:00 a.m . " the room be quiet , empty , until : shelley ( 0.s. ) transversus abdominis . back of room a draw privacy curtain be light from within . push in through a crack in the fabric to find shelley , wear a white lab coat . she hold a open anatomy manual in one arm and hover over a open body bag . book and handout be scattered everywhere . her eye droop with exhaustion . they move back and forth from the book to -- body bag label " greg . " Inside , the object of she scrutiny wear only one expression -- dead . the pickle , smooth skin of he chest , torso , and abdomen be the palest white . from a valve at the foot of the bag , fluid drip into a collection pan . shelley pick up she scalpel , hover over the leave side of greg 's abdomen . the quivering blade move closer . touches the skin . pushes in ever so slightly . stop . shelly glance into she cadaver 's face . she can not make the first cut . shelley {to greg ) you will not feel .it. TI promise . she wait for a answer . none come . finally , she grab a medical sheet and drape it over greg 's face and upper body . now , just a milky stretch of the abdomen be expose . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : shelley transversus abdominus . shelly reach over to a batter radio , sit on a roll equipment cart . she crank it up . DI ( v.0 . ) less than a week ' till the big v- Day . the most romantic holiday on the planet . to keep cupid happy , I have get a block of love song to break you heart and keep you misty . shelley perfect . DI ( v.0 . ) but first , by request , this upbeat little number from 1988 . you be listen to k.n.u.r .- f.m. San Francisco 's best tune . tiffany 's rendition of " I think we be alone now " bop across the airwave . shelley scowl , hat the song , but she focus in on she scalpel as it move in for the target . there 's a clatter from outside the privacy curtain . startle , shelley drop she instrument . shelley hello ? she peek she head through the crack . it take a moment for she eye to adjust to the low light , but the room be empty . rusty ring screech on the metal bar as shelley pull aside the curtain and flick on another bank of light . there 's another clatter . shelley jump and look toward -- the door next to she . Hand -paint letter on the glass read , " locker room . " int . gross anatomy lab - locker - moment later shelley cautiously poke she head into the room . shelley Professor Buckley ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 10 . continued : she search the wall for a light switch , find it . there 's a flutter strobe as the overhead lighting fight to turn on . behind shelley a silhouette appear over she shoulder , just behind the door . motionless . wait . the light pop and go out . blackness . a nearly inaudible whisper -- voice ( 0.s. ) dance with I . a weak , green fluorescent light flood the room . shelley pivot to look behind she . the silhouette be go . she look deeper into the locker room . thirty locker line either side . no one . the last locker on the right be half open , obscure what lie behind it . shelley stride further into the room when the bank of fluorescent once again sputter and go out . she freeze . there 's a creak of metal hinges , and the light come back on . the once -open locker be now almost completely close . shelley march to the last locker and rip it open . she stifles a scream as she see -- her own flustered reflection in the locker mirror . she slam the door , move to she own locker , and unlock it . extracting a ponytail holder , she notice the shiny pink envelope , tape to the inside of the door . a length of crimson ribbon tie it up in a intricate bow . shelley open the envelope to find -- a antique valentine . the lace -edge card be lettere in gold : " we heart by love united , / nor day nor night can sever . / we body may be parte , / we heart love on forever . " a white tassel be attach to the center of the card . she pull it , and the face separate and lift into a paper cage . through the delicate bar -- a rosy - cheek girl kiss a skeleton . at the bottom , it 's sign with a heart anda " J . " confused , she let go of the tassel , and the card snap back into place . with a whoosh , it sail into the trash . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 11 . int . mo school hallway - night shelley peer out at we through the glass window of the anatomy lab door . unable to see anything , she step into the hall . her foot skid a little as she walk halfway down it . at the far end of the dark corridor -- a janitor stow he mop and bucket in a closet and push out the exit door . relieved , she re-trace she slippery path . int . gross anatomy lab - night shelley stride to the radio . with a click , she silences tiffany forever . attention shift to the medical dictionary . shelley the fiber run perpendicular to one another at a 45 degree angle to the transverse plane . White skin still peek out from underneath the sterile drape . shelley bend to retrieve she scalpel . she find it , take a deep breath , and move the edge of the blade ever closer to the cadaver 's expose epidermis . almost there , she notice -- the abdomen rise and fall . take a breath ! shelley scream . the scalpel go fly . she bolt back , spin and lock eye with -- her cadaver 's face , slamm against the glass of the locker room door . the weight of he body push it open , and he land at she foot . as she stare in horror at the sight before she , we see -- a form on the dissection table sit up . the sheet be pull away to reveal -- cherub mask waxy , rosy , full - cheek like that of a botticelli angel . behind it , the eye be cold . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 12. wider a glove hand tug down a powder blue tuxedo shirt and white dinner jacket to cover he once - expose abdomen . shelley do not realize the danger approach until the red ribbon be around she throat . hand yank , and the ligature dig deep into the skin . she try to yell , but the effort be useless . the thick ribbon cut off she air supply . she writhes , twist , look up into the face of the cherub . he pull she back to the lab table , but shelley jerk , scatter the dissection kit across the room . the cherub tighten the noose with a fierce tub . his victim 's head spin . bulg eye glimpse a silver flash of the scalpel , rest underneath the lab table . summon everything , she throw a punch , stun the cherub and knock he mask askew . gasp for breath , she pitch herself over the table and slam to the floor . the scalpel be inch away . she reach for it , finger almost to the handle , when the cherub 's foot crash onto she hand , crush it instantly . shelley moan , follow the line of she attacker 's black tuxedo pants , up to the blue ruffle tuxedo shirt , white dinner jacket , and withere red boutonniere . the cherub pick up the scalpel , straddle she , and raise the blade . with one last burst , shelley bury she foot deep into he stomach . the cherub sink to the floor . int . mo school hallway -. night shelley slam out the lab door . shelley help ! she skid across the glisten floor , still wet from the janitor 's mop . arm fly , she hold she balance and pedal on . her eye sweep the far-off foyer for any sign of life . int . mo school foyer - night shelley careen into the foyer . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 13 . at security desk a portable television , basketball game blaring , be the only thing in sight . shelley throw herself against the exit door . it will not budge . down hall the anatomy lab door open . the cherub appear , scalpel glint in he hand . he lock onto he target and move toward she . slow , deliberate , slightly pigeon - to step . back to scene shelley scramble for traction , but the slick floor will not allow it . claw at the air , she hang a right and fly down another shadowy corridor . in the distance , the cherub 's footstep echo in pursuit . she open a stairwell door and slip inside . he 's not far behind she . int . basement hallway - night the cherub step into the empty corridor . he reach out for a doorknob . twist . lock . he try another . nothing . finally , one give way . int . cadaver room - night the door swing open , and a light click on . the cherub stand in the cadaver room . ten body bag , five on each side , rest end - to - end on they respective cart . he wait for a noise . nothing greet he but dead stillness . he turn to go . stop . move to one of the bag , he jerk the zipper down , expose the corpse of a old woman . her body be stiff and bloat . hand blaze , the cherub move through the makeshift aisle , unzipping as he go . he reach the last bag , yank the zipper , and greet a dead man , whose open mouth be a checkerboard of miss tooth . his thirty - eight inch belly sag open . there 's a slight movement from beneath the body , and the corpse explode upward , revealing shelley . the cherub recoil , but the body slam into he , force he back . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 14. continued : cover in formaldehyde , shelley tug on the zipper of the body bag . it 's stick just above she knee . the scalpel slide across she finger . shelley drop back , scream , gag as soaking strand of hair fall across she mouth . the cherub stuff she arm to she side . there 's a horrifying zing as the zipper slide up to she collarbone . immobilize , shelley strain against the body bag . shelley please ! the cherub stare at he victim . a trail of blood dribble from he nostril . ignoring it , he move in , put the scalpel to shelley 's neck , and pull . a crimson path open in its wake . shelley 's eye glaze over in shock . the cherub shove she head deep into thick , rank ooze . one more zip close everything off . the cherub step back and watch as the bag jerk , squirm , then cease to move altogether . after a moment he go . silence fill the room , then scattered drop , then a trickle . at the foot of the cart , the fluid collection pan begin to fill with blood . dissolve to : ext . san francisco golden triangle - night the bar and sidewalk of Fillmore Street be fill with beautiful young professional . they mingle , chat , and flirt -- run toward the weekend with open , grateful arm . two young woman stand out . meet jennifer keat , 24 , sweet , with a spunky pragmatism that never come off as cynical . at she side be paige prescott , 24 , jaw - drop in fire engine red lipstick and a clingy top . they stop in front of the balboa Cafe . there 's a standee that read , " speed dating ~-- 10 o’clock . " Jennifer see the sign and turn on she heel to go . paige grab she . paige you promise . jennifer paige , only a loser would do this . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 15 . continued : paige ~ Excuse I . this be the hot thing among young professional . a efficient , risk - free way to meet you soul mate . jennifer uh-huh . sound great . Jennifer turn to go again . paige grab she arm . paige blind date ? a waste of a entire evening . personal ad , video dating ? the guy never turn out as advertise . single bar ? -- jennifer hey , I be not even a hundred percent available . paige whatever . you meet a prospect , and in thirty second you will know if you want to spend a second more with he . if you do not , you be on to the next one . it 's foolproof . I wish I have think of it . jennifer if I be go to meet my so-called soul mate , I prefer the old - fashioned way . wandering through the grocery store . reaching out for the same grapefruit . we hand touch , we eye meet ... paige grapefruit ? Jennifer , when be the last time you meet a guy at Park no pack ? paige jab at the standee . paige take control of you romantic destiny . as Jennifer consider -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 16. int . balboa cafe - back room - close on bookish guy - night his wire rim be cockey . he bite at he upper lip excitedly . bookish guy last summer I trace my mother 's side back to the mayflower . pretty awesome , huh ? you know , my mom be the most amazing -- a egg timer ding . in a seamless CUT , he face be replace by that of a cocky investment banker -- perfectly coif , perfectly armany . banker lesbian . she tell I on we second anniversary . Said I could not give she what she need . like winter in St. barth be something to sneeze at . the whole thing hit I like -- ding . a bald jock with a University of North Carolina T-shirt . jock tarheel b-ball , baby ! some buddy and I try to crash at least half the game . so , I be on the road a lot . just I , a six pack , and -- ding . another CUT . a painfully shy guy stare at the table and chew he nail . he 's silent . awkward . Endless . then -- painfully shy uh , you know ... uh ... ding . another CUT . brian , a sexy alterna dude . nose stud . celtic tattoo . probably five million in internet stock option . brian nipple ring . mine go in last week . what hole do you have ? find Jennifer , the object of he inquiry . a egg timer sit in front of she . she wear a name tag and a horrify look on she face . paige , seat next to Jennifer , lean in and smile at Brian . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 17. continued : paige be you jewel adorn , too ? jennifer paige ! paige and if so , may we please see they ? Jennifer drop she head to the table . Brian give paige a wink and a nod and start to unbutton he pants . ext . STREET - night Jennifer and paige hit the sidewalk . paige laugh hysterically . jennifer thank god you get we boot . paige ( pull out a slip of paper ) I get the pierce guy 's number , so as far as I be concerned , mission accomplish . Jennifer 's cell phone ring . jennifer hello ? hey , dorothy . you 'il never believe -- she sober immediately . paige pick up on it , stop laugh . jennifer what ?... stun , Jennifer steady herself against a light post . jennifer wow . oh my god . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day the cemetery lie under a blanket of cloud and cold . mourner surround a open grave . a- pastor 's voice barely carry over the muffle sob . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 18 . continued : pastor shelley Fisher be take from we before she time . but she heavenly Father watch over she , even now ... behind the pack row of family member , Jennifer watch solemnly with dorothy wheeler , 24 , big -bon . dorothy fidget with three strand of very expensive pearl . further down , paige , wear a too-short skirt , observe with lily voight , a paragon of blonde sweetness . pastor yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil ... Mr. and mrs . fisher , the shell - shocked parent , cling to one another . unable to watch , Jennifer look away from the casket . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - later the funeral party be start to disperse . Jennifer and dorothy head for they car . dorothy it be a beautiful service . what be that ? irise ? Jennifer do not respond . dorothy follow she surprised gaze to -- a beat - up saab . exiting it be adam cole , 26 , handsome , clean - cut , a guy that every mom would want as a son - in - law . he quickly close the distance between they . jennifer Adam , I say you do not have to come . adam I want to make sure you be okay . ( then ) hey , dorothy . dorothy know the drill . she give the couple some space . Adam survey the crowd . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 19 . continued : adam look like she have a lot of friend . jennifer yeah . adam I would have be here sooner , but John yank I into a meeting and give I some good news . {a beat ) in light of all this , it 's really not important . jennifer what ? adam they be let I cover Giants 's spring training . jennifer congratulation . adam someone else be on - deck for the gig , but ... Jennifer fight the urge to linger . jennifer dorothy and I should ... adam look , would you celebrate with I ? not now , obviously . but it 's be a few week , and ... Adam realize Jennifer be not listen . her eye be lock on -- her Pov - bottle of patron rest on the passenger seat of the saab . back to scene she shoot he the kind of disappointed look reserve for close friend , family , and exe . Adam yank the car door open and pull out the bottle . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : 20 . adam a guy at the office get a job at the L.A. Times . I buy it as a gift . here 's the card . jennifer it 's none of my business . adam I want it to be you business . I miss you , Jen . ( then ) can we try dinner sometime this week ? jennifer {gentle ) let I call you , okay ? adam Fine . seeya . ( then ) I be sorry about you friend . jennifer thanks . frustrate , Adam get in he car and drive off . dorothy join Jennifer . they turn dorothy good girl . I so would have cave . jennifer he look really good , do not he ? dorothy ' dignity . 's remember we word for 2001 ? jennifer dignity . dignity . get it . to go and be block by cindy vaughn , a tough , no-nonsense woman in she forty . vaughn Excuse I . I assume you girl be friend of shelley 's ? Jennifer spot the police badge hang from Vaughn 's belt . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : the woman place ? they nod , paige and 21 . jennifer we know she when we be kid . we have not see she in a few year . vaughn I be detective Vaughn . the officer on the case . look at each other . be this the right time or vaughn we have no lead . I be here with the family 's approval . ( pull one ) here 's my card . if you think of anything or anyone who might be helpful to we investigation , please call . and she go . lily approach . paige ( to Jennifer ) sorry we be late . lily my fault . hi , Jen . jennifer ( hugging she ) lily , I totally do not recognize you . you hair get so long . dorothy hey , paige . paige oh , hi ... uh -- dorothy dorothy . wheeler . jennifer dorothy go to Kennedy with we . you have meet before . paige right . lily right . sorry . how be you ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 22 . continued : dorothy fine. lily when 's the last time you guy see shelley ? jennifer it 's be forever . lily yeah . she and I use to party together , but once she start medical school ... paige be you guy go back to she parent 's house ? jennifer I think about it . dorothy it will probably just be family . paige maybe we should have we own wake . lily much better idea . jennifer my place . twenty minute . they disperse . dorothy climb into a giant mercede sedan . Jennifer continue down the row of car until she reach she Civic . as she draw she key , she notice -- something pin under she windshield wiper . it 's a red rise . retrieving it , Jennifer prick she finger on a hide thorn . she grimace and examine the tiny droplet of blood . a car zoom past Jennifer and throw muddy water onto she shoe . shake they off , she unlock she car . dissolve to : ext . jennifer 's apartment build - night a six -story apartment building in the tenderloin District . it house a couple hundred singles and the less than 30 - grand - a- year crowd . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 23 . int . jennifer 's apartment - night Jennifer , dorothy , paige and lily spill into Jennifer 's humble studio . she 's do decorate wonder with the help of homemade bookshelve , bright curtain , and a lot of plant . jennifer pantyhose should be outlaw . anyone want to borrow anything ? Jennifer head to a bureau and yank out a few pair of sweat pants and sweat shirt . lily please . paige and lily start to change . Jennifer move to the kitchen area , where dorothy check out the bar on top of the fridge . dorothy you have get vodka , a centimeter of rum , and tequila . jennifer I have get this . go change clothes . dorothy make sure the other girl can not hear . dorothy nothing of yours will fit . jennifer you do not know that . dorothy I be fine in this . Jennifer nod , grab the bottle , and stuff they into she purse . then , she cross to a trunk and pull out a stack of blanket . jennifer everybody grab you coat . Jennifer throw open the window and exit out it . one by one , the girl follow . ext . FIRE escape - continuous action single-file , the girl climb up the rickety fire escape , through the shadow , through the sound of honking car , through the damp wind . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 24. continued : dorothy linger , stare up at the storey leave to go . she sneak a look down and grab the banister . Jennifer 's hand land on hers . jennifer keep you eye on my back . they continue onward . at top of FIRE escape paige and lily wait on the platform . paige lean against the railing and look down at Jennifer and dorothy , still tackle the step . paige I use to make oink noise when she run lap in gym . she would not remember that , right ? lily shrug . dissolve to : ext . rooftop - close on vodka bottle - night topping off glass of cranberry juice . paige ( 0.s. ) Mr. yarnek . I swear the guy be miss half he tongue . pull back to reveal : Jennifer , dorothy , paige and lily bury under blanket and sit on cast - off patio furniture . the girl smoke cigarettes , guzzle they drink , and laugh . City light surround they . lily how could they let someone with such a colossal speech impediment teach class ? dorothy remember the lecture on global agriculture ? naffect slur speech ) ' paige , beside penis , wha be a cash cop of afika ? 's ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : paige and 25 . jennifer ( laugh ) 's peanut . 's dorothy ' paige , wha do you tink ? 's you shout , ' I . can not. understand . you ! 's the whole class applaud . paige that be sixth grade . how do you remember that ? dorothy I do not forget anything . lily exchange a look . uh-oh . dissolve to : ext . apartment rooftop - night a gooey pizza have join the party . so have the tequila . the girl script provide for be drunk . lily Max be a artist . we have be together less than two week . jennifer impressive . I do not start any new relationship in February . lily not a word about Valentine 's Day . I be terrify he 's go to want to spend it with I out of obligation . that 's why I have a business trip plan . paige listen to this . it 's brilliant . lily I give he one more date . if it look like it 's move forward , I cancel my trip . if we crash and burn , I save face for everyone by be in Chicago . paige or you could just fuck he and enjoy it . I would . ( continued ) educational purpose . more script can be find here : http:/www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary 26 . continued : lily her dating advice rarely change . how 's bout you , Jennifer ? be you still see what ’s-his -name ? jennifer there 's no one word answer to that question . dorothy Adam . they break up . jennifer ( to dorothy ) I have tell you six hundred time . we be take a break . not break up . lily hey . I support the misguide logic that see other people will show you how good you be with someone else . paige or you could just fuck he and enjoy it . jennifer ( a groan ) why do Valentine 's Day have to suck so much ? Jennifer stomp she foot and scream . the other girl join in . it 's a primal howl that last several second . then -- dorothy my father and he teenage bride be leave tomorrow for a tour of mude Caribbean beach . how gross be that ? another howl . after they regain they composure -- jennifer we should not forget why we be here . ( hold up she drink ) to shelley . we love you . we will miss you . the girl clink glass and drink . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 27 . continued : dorothy one good thing happen . ( to paige and lily ) I get to see you two again . paige amen . Jennifer check she watch . jennifer sorry , folk , gotta call ita night . Big interview tomorrow . lily be you still catering ? jennifer yep . as they clean up -- lily Max have a open tomorrow night at the gallery I manage . I be put you all on the list . jennifer a party where I do not have to worry about the asparagus run out ? Count I in . Jennifer stow the empty bottle in she purse . dorothy look nervously toward the fire escape . dorothy do we have to climb down that thing again ? jennifer we will go the other way . Jennifer step around a rooftop air conditioning unit and barrel into -- a giant figure . Jennifer scream . the other girl scream . the giant scream . Jennifer step back and realize it 's the build supervisor , 5as and gruff . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 28 . continued : build super what be you do up here ? the people on six be try to sleep . jennifer hi , Murray . we be just -- build super leave . now . guilty , the girl file out . ext . pacific height - night we be in the heart of old money and internet ipo nouveau millionaire . mega-home as far as the eye can see . dorothy 's mercede park on the street , and she hop out . from shadow across the street -- someone watch dorothy head for the hillside step that lead to the entrance of the wheeler family mansion . the shadow step out . at foot of stair dorothy hear the shoe on the sidewalk . she turn , peer across the street . the shadow duck out of view again . ext . wheeler mansion - same time dorothy dart up the stair and onto the porch . she ring the doorbell , then knock . there 's no answer . she search through a jumble of key . the footstep on the sidewalk get closer . faster . dorothy drop the key . glance back again . a shadow fall at the foot of the stair . on dorothy as she find the right key . she ram it into the lock and push inside . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 29 . int . dorothy 's mansion - foyer - night the house be straight out of Architectural digest . dorothy hello ? woman ( 0.s. ) Jesus , Frank , he be my trainer ! man ( 0.s. ) well , that be the strangest look crunch I have ever see ! as the argument in the back of the house continue , dorothy peek into the adjoin live room . on the couch , a elderly maid watch television . dorothy duck back into the foyer , where frank wheeler , a industrialist in he fifty , chase lauren wheeler , a cackle trophy wife in she twenty , up the stair with a smack of the ass . they argument be obviously over . dorothy shudder and grab a pile of mail . she sort through and be shocked to see the red envelope , address to she . dorothy tear into it . a chubby cupid smile from the face of a elaborate card . she read . dorothy not tis all in vain , you putrid look / you never can incline / with all you girdle , rouge , and curl / to find a Valentine . 's it 's sign with a heart and shaky cursive handwrite -- " Jeremy melton . " horrify , dorothy drop the card . the doorbell chime . int . live room the maid make no move to answer . back to dorothy the doorbell chime again . dorothy compose herself , put the chain on the door , and open . through the crack -- she see campbell harris , 26 , so handsome , so build you do not know which part of he to look at first . a duffel be over he shoulder . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 30 . continued : no campbell hey . dorothy Campbell . be that you ? campbell what ? dorothy shut the door , unlock the chain , and open it . Campbell enter . as he take in the magnificent foyer -- dorothy someone be behind I . on the step . dorothy kick the valentine under a nearby credenza . campbell do not see anyone . the cab just drop I off . look , I hate to do this ... Bobby leave town without pay he share of the rent . I get home today , and all my stuff be on the sidewalk . dorothy oh , no . campbell my CD collection , my skis , my clothes . go . some neighbor , huh ? dorothy millicent . come here , please . ( then , angrier ) millicent ! finally , the maid teeter into the foyer . dorothy make up a guest room . maid do you father say -- dorothy I say . the maid wave she off and disappear down the hall . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 31 . continued : campbell this be too much trouble . I just want to use you phone . dorothy Kitchen 's to you leave . there 's meatloaf in the fridge . i’1l be right back to get you settle in . he put he arm around she , and dorothy melt . she pull away and head up the staircase . int . second floor - night dorothy reach the top of the staircase , hang a leave , and slam into lauren . lauren ( rub she arm ) that 's 11l bruise . who 's you friend ? dorothy his name 's Campbell . let daddy know he 'il be stay with we for a few day . lauren be he the reason you have be spend so much time on the treadmill ? dorothy you be not my girlfriend . you be not my mother . we do not have this conversation . lauren well , he sure be cute . lauren check out she own perfect ass in a hall mirror . fuming , dorothy go . dissolve to : int . jennifer 's apartment - bathroom - morning this be a San Francisco bathroom , so cramped would be a understatement . cover from head to toe in sud , Jennifer 's in the shower . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 32 . continued : a radio sit on the back of the toilet . over the airwave , a cheery group chorus sing they call letter -- radio chorus ( v.0 . ) ' k -n-u-r... '' Jennifer sing along . radio chorus / jennifer ' San Francisco in the morning . 's chet baker ‘s " my funny Valentine " come through the speaker . Jennifer shiver . jennifer ew . the water be still flow . Jennifer stick a naked arm through the shower curtain . the radio be just out of reach . Jennifer strain . her fingertip brush the volume control , but she can not get a grip . Jennifer lunge , knock the radio over . and then , something out of you mother 's arsenal of water safety horror storey happen -- the radio , still on , bounce off the close toilet seat and between the wall and shower curtain . Jennifer think fast , shoot out a hand , catch the handle . it slip in she sudsy finger , drop , and fall into the water with she . Jennifer close she eye and wait for the first jolt . nothing . the radio have fall silent . Jennifer slam off the water , then peek out behind the curtain to the electric socket . the force of the fall have unplugge the cord . jennifer ( to heaven ) thank you . there 's a thud from the live room . jennifer hello ? silence . Jennifer extricate herself and the radio from the shower and grab a towel . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 33. from hall Jennifer peek into the live room . all be well . she feel she head -- realize that it 's still cover in shampoo . int . bathroom - day back in the shower , Jennifer turn on the water . there 's a painful groan from the pipe and nothing but a slight dribble . jennifer no. no ! she turn the knob , bang the shower head , all to no avail . Hair still plaster under a mound of shampoo , Jennifer wrap a towel around she . she try the sink . no water . int . kitchen area - moment later Jennifer try the kitchen faucet . no go . she grab the phone and dial out . jennifer ( into phone ) Murray , it 's Jennifer keat in 401 . shocker -- you be not there . well , I do not have any water , and I have a job interview in a half hour , and you be ruin my life ! Jennifer slam down the receiver and cruise to the fridge . she swing open the door . yes ! there 's a large container of bottled water inside . thrill , she grab it . it 's only get two sip -worth leave . useless . she toss it toward the trash can . swish . basket . int . bathroom - continuous action the shampoo be turn to mush on she head . it dribble down she back and drip onto the floor . one last try with the faucet . no luck . her eye lock onto the toilet . it 's fill with clean water . the idea repulse she , but desperate time call for desperate measure . she lift the lid , close she eye , dunk she head into the toilet water , and flush . whoosh ! the phone ring . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 34 . int . live room - continuous action Jennifer snatch up the phone . jennifer perfect timing , Murray -- but it 's not the building super . it 's the sound of child laughing . not playful giggle , but cold , derisive laughter . Jennifer shiver -- the goose bump tickle she neck and arm . she turn to slam down the phone when she see -- the open front door . not crack . not ajar . Wide open , leave she absolutely vulnerable . Jennifer spot a field hockey stick , propped in a corner . she sweep it up . thank God she 's in a studio . one glance check the kitchen . it 's clear . she drop to she knee . under the bed be okay , but -- the closet loom ahead . the door be tightly shut . it stare she down , almost threaten she to open it . will she bite ? yes . Jennifer throw open the door . the stick crash into the closet , jab wildly at empty hanger , skirt , and overcoat . Jennifer jump back and survey she handiwork . no one . just a lot of batter clothes . shaken , piss at the mess , she slam the closet door , then hear from the outside hallway -- thump , thump . the front door be still wide open . Jennifer peek she head out . int . apartment hallway - continuous action Jennifer look down the hall at the elevator . the door open , shut , open , shut with a clatter . grasp the towel tightly around she , Jennifer creep closer and discover something block the door 's path . curious , she bend to retrieve it . it 's a plastic cherub mask . we have see this before -- at the middle school dance . Jennifer stare into the vacant eyehole and shiver . there 's a tumbling of lock . a elderly neighbor step into the hallway , smack in front of the towel - clad Jennifer . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 35 . continued : jennifer uh ... hi , Mrs. carlson . Mrs. carlson click she tongue . Jennifer race back to she apartment . int . high -rise office - day look very professional , Jennifer sit across from hadley davis , 5as , a proper secretary . hadley glance at she resume . if we think Jennifer be scared before , it 's nothing compare to this . she do she best to stay calm , cool , and collect . jennifer I be play with a jamaican / asian fusion thing right now . hadley Fusion . jennifer jerk chicken spring roll , spicy seafood rice , plantain ice cream . hadley yes , I gather as much . horrible interview silence . Jennifer shuffles she foot . hadley my employer be demand . his daughter be a nightmare . Kathy 's be through five caterer already . jennifer she will love I . {off hadley 's silence ) I can tell you do . it get a mild smile . hadley ( roll right on ) and where be you think ? jennifer where ? { continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 36 . continued : hadley venue . the hudson have one of the most beautiful home in the city . Mr. Hudson would never let Kathy 's friend set foot there . jennifer all the decent hotel and club be already book . hadley yes . well , thank you for stop by . jennifer I do not mean -- hadley hand the resume back . hadley I need rabbit pull out of hat . you do not seem capable of that . jennifer okay , then . thanks for you time . humiliate , Jennifer beeline for the exit . hadley do not worry , dear . it ' 1ll come with age and experience . jennifer ( turn ) I can get you the biggest mansion in Pacific Heights . Jennifer regret the word as soon as they be out of she mouth , but hadley 's interest be pique . hadley whose ? jennifer ( gulp ) do you want the rabbit or not ? hadley offer a hand , and they shake . int . paige and lily 's apartment - kitchen - morning a two -bedroom with a almost-view . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 37 . continued : paige slam through the cupboard , but she eye be train on the live room television . on it , a plain - look guy talk to she from the screen . guy ( v.0o . ) hey , paige . thanks for request my tape . as you know , my name be lance , and here 's why I be perfect for you . I be outgo , a lot of fun , six foot . actually , six foot-ish . paige grab the remote and shut off the tv . lily enter with the morning paper and a heart - shape box of chocolate under she arm . lily ( off tv ) what ? he be cute . paige ' six foot - ish 's mean five - four in loafer . we be outta Starbucks . I have to use the folger crap you mom buy . lily this be propped in front of we door . no name on the card . paige I be sure it 's from Max . paige lean over lily 's shoulder to read the card . two bluebird snuggle in a nest . under the picture , a verse read , " blush not , my fair , at what I send . /' tis a fond present from a friend . " the picture be cut to form a fold - out door . lily open it , revealing a woman give a man a blow job . it 's sign with a heart and " j.m . " lily j.m.? I do not know a jd.m . it 's gotta be for you . you be the ho . paige ha ha . up yours . lily open the box and swipe up a piece of chocolate . tauntingly , she pop it into she mouth . chews . then -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 38 . continued : lily what the -- she spit the candy into she hand . pull it apart to find the remain of a white worm , still wiggling in the caramel goo . lily gag , then drop the candy box . only then do she and paige see the army of maggot , feast and writhe on the assortment of dark chocolate . the girl scream . paige grab the box , open the window , and toss it into the alley below . lily 's already at the fridge . she 's guzzle orange juice . paige I know some j.m. as. John mccrite . lily Gross . paige Jeff mallick . lily he need altoid . paige ( teasing ) Jeremy melton . lily who ? paige you know . pigeon shit from sixth grade . lily that dating tape have turn you brain to mush . paige ( sing -song ) pigeon shit 's get a crush on ' you . lily shut up . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 39 . continued : paige ( sing -song ) pigeon shit want to dance with you . lily paige ! paige dance out of the kitchen . still gross out , lily take another swig of juice . she whirl around and check behind she . the kitchen be empty except for the lone maggot , squirming on the floor . lily crush it under she foot and go . dissolve to : int . art gallery - night a naked woman stare at we . woman ( v.o0 . ) Love I . Love I . Love I . a caterer , carry a tray of red wine , cross in front of the woman . her image replay on a video monitor . the gallery be a dark , cavernous , industrial space . ona wall banner , in fire - engine letter : " max ives . blind date . " twenty scattered video monitor display other naked woman . each one repeat the same phrase : " Love I . " opposite they , twenty screen project naked man . they word match that of they female counterpart . partygoer , invite in hand , push in through the front entrance . buyer and patron opt for upscale black . avant -garde boho freak and student , obviously friend of the artist , have a decidedly non-conformist look . sipping champagne , Jennifer and paige stare at one of the monitor . Jennifer be stunne . even paige be speechless . a sedately frantic lily join . on she arm be max ives , 28 , brood with rasputin- like eye and magnetism . lily Jennifer , paige , this be Max -- jennifer ive . right . it 's on the banner . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 40 . continued : Max smile at Jennifer . he like what he see . max a pleasure . lily {to she friend ) be you enjoy it ? jennifer / paige oh , yeah . absolutely . great . max they hate it . it 's okay . that 's how I keep get the grant . a gallery employee interrupt the pow-wow . gallery employee ( to Max ) the sixteen millimeter in the tunnel keep snap . max Excuse I . lily I will help . as they go , lily turn surreptitiously back to she friend . she quickly mouth , " what do you think ? " Jennifer give a thumbs-up . paige suck she index finger . dorothy ( 0.s. ) hi , guy . paige and Jennifer turn to find dorothy . at she side be Campbell , look drop-dead gorgeous . paige can not hide she surprise . Jennifer cover well . jennifer dorothy . you look amazing . dorothy thanks . Jennifer , this be Campbell . campbell hi. ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 4l. continued : dorothy and this be paige . we all have head - gear and brace together . where 's lily ? jennifer handle some crisis . Campbell help dorothy out of she wrap . campbell ( to dorothy ) do you want a drink , honey ? dorothy gin and tonic . she kiss he on the cheek , and he go . paige okay . dish . dorothy it 's no big deal . jennifer his shoulder alone be a big deal . spill it . but dorothy be look over Jennifer 's shoulder at a ancient socialite , who wave furiously . dorothy shit. Mrs. johanssen from my father 's board . I have to say hi . you 'il get detail . TI promise . dorothy head off . paige and we be the two who come stag . jennifer she tell I everything . paige by this time of the week , my answer machine be usually full . you know what I be realize ? a slut be good to have around at Christmas , New Year 's and flag Day . but a Valentine be someone you really love . not some girl you cheat on you wife with . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 42 , continued : jennifer I be not feel so hot , either . I almost call Adam twice tonight . paige ' know what ? forget he . fix you lipstick and get back out here . we be gonna tear this little wing -ding up . Jennifer eye the line at the woman 's room . instead , she head through a swinging door and into -- int . back room - continuous action the desert back room serve as a makeshift kitchen . a few table be line with electric burner and other catering paraphernalia . grabbing the lid off of a pot , Jennifer use it as a mirror to apply lipstick . a white form flash past . the pot lid catch the reflection . Jennifer whirl in time to see a white - jackete figure , move purposefully for the far door . jennifer hey , you veggie station could use some more asparagus . instead , he grab a knife from a cut board and slip out . Jennifer start after he when the other kitchen door open , and dorothy enter . dorothy it 's start . jennifer okay . silence between the two friend . dorothy I care what you think . and it 's all so new -- jennifer where do you meet ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 43. continued : dorothy that italian place on geary . Jen , I really like he . he 's sweet , smart . he 's start he own internet venture . jennifer you do not ever need to hide thing from I . we be friend . I only want the best for you . dorothy and most guy want the best from I . jennifer not true . dorothy well , I just need to take the time to make sure . jennifer I say go for it . ( then ) C ’mon , we be miss some really bad art . laugh , they start for the door . jennifer dorothy , wait . I do something really dumb , and if you hate I forever , I totally understand . dorothy what ? jennifer it 's the Kathy Hudson party . they need a place . I stupidly mention yours . dorothy of course . jennifer I never should have do it , but you say you folk be go out of town -- dorothy please . on Wednesday , right ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 44 , continued : jennifer I will not let anything happen . and if it do , I take full responsibility for every break ashtray and scratch coffee table . dorothy I say trash the joint . it 's all gonna end up belong to lauren anyway . ( then ) Kathy Hudson in my house . wow . the two friend head out . int . gallery - later the television monitor have be mute . the light be down . Max stand in the middle of the assemble crowd . Jennifer and dorothy join paige , lily and Campbell . max on February fifteenth , early Roman put the name of they young woman in a urn . Jennifer glance up . Max 's eye be on she . max one by one , single man take turn draw name . the girl they choose be to be they mate . Campbell take a gulp of wine and sneak a look at a nearby blonde bombshell 's tit . max over the century , this event turn into what we now call Valentine 's Day , prove that not much have change over the century . Jennifer turn to she friend . jennifer ( low ) remember that middle school Valentine 's dance where that kid get gang up on ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 45 . continued : dorothy 's finger tighten around she drink . lily and paige 's eye widen . lily Jeremy melton . paige we be talk about he today . jennifer one of that mask they give away as party favor be in my hallway this morning . be not that bizarre ? from the front of the room , Max clear he throat . the woman cease they conversation . max ultimately , fate control love , and we all end up with complete stranger . to that end -- woman , one staircase . Men , the other . applause as the group start for the stair . lily stop dorothy and Campbell . lily uh uh uh. ( unclasp they hand ) couple can not go in together . cuT to : int . basement gallery - maze - night blackness , punctuate by erratic red strobe light from above . 70 porno music blare over hide loudspeaker . Jennifer claw at the emptiness and stumble forward . move down a dark , maze - like tunnel , she ease into a turn . a man stare at she . man what do you like to do ? it 's only a project film image . it loop and repeat . Jennifer continue on . at every turn , another project image jump to life , block she path , force she to turn one way then another . onscreen , man tell we about themselves . they want . they fantasy . they dislike . a collage of overlap voice assault Jennifer from all side . she forges on . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 46 . int . another part of maze ~- continuous action lily and Max kiss in a dark corner of the maze . they be surround by image of awkwardly silent couple in a restaurant . we hear nothing but stammering , coughing , clearing of throat , and the occasional , " should we do this again ? " lily and Max 's passion build as he hand slide under she skirt . lily moan . her leg wrap around he , and they begin to move together , rise , fall , kissing , devour each other . lily run she tongue down Max 's neck . her eye catch sight of -- the Gallery employee , stand in the darkness . lily clenches up , let out a startle yelp . max what ? lily oh , my God . max {to Gallery employee ) hi , kimberly . lily go away ! gallery employee I ... I be sorry . embarrass , the Gallery employee flee . lily adjust she skirt . lily this be so humiliate . max relax . lily she 's gonna tell everyone . max no , she will not . I ask she to come . he try to heat thing up again . lily push he away . lily you be a pig . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 47 . continued : max c'mon , it could have be fun . lily good-bye , Max . max lily , Valentine 's Day be in two day . I will make it up to you . lily I have a business trip . good night . with that , she 's out the door -- leave Max piss , alone , and surround by he creation . int . another part of maze - same time dorothy 's transfix by footage of a little girl , pull petal from a daisy . Jennifer join she . jennifer still have not find Campbell ? dorothy no . seem like everyone be clear out . jennifer someone say there be major makeout room further down . I be curious . dorothy enjoy . i’1l meet you at the coat check . dorothy retreat . Jennifer keep move . int . another part of maze - night lily wander down the corridor . a stutter strobe light flash erratically . red. red. Black . on the wall surround she , project portrait of cupid drift lazily to and for . the image be haunt , but beautiful . she stop to admire they . the strobe flash , and she come face to face with the cherub . it 's impossible to tell whether he 's part of the menagerie of on -screen cupid . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 48 . continued : curious , lily look closer . the kitchen knife flash and slice she throat . the cherub step away from the screen -- pop into vivid 3 - D . lily try to scream , but only a choke gurgle come out . blood dribble from the cherub 's nostril . lily stagger backward and run . int . another part of maze - continuous action lily tear through the empty passageway . stealing glance over she shoulder , she take a turn into a dead end . backtrack , she slam into the cherub , recognize the tatter jacket , the powder blue shirt , see the knife in he hand . lily {a whisper ) Jeremy , I be sorry -- her hand go up . the knife rip through it . lily limp leave and into -- int . match room - continuous action ropes and long panel of red fabric hang from a intricate system of pulley . they undulate in sensual wave . project on a far well be super - 8 film of couple kissing and moan . the footage be blow up so large that it look like pointillism . lily stumble straight into a fabric panel , jump back . she put a crimson - soak hand over she mouth and burrow deeper into the wall to dodge the light from the film screen . the loss of blood be finally affect she . she swoon , then regains she concentration . weave among the flow panel . the door be only fifteen foot away . lily take another step , but something catch she foot . she look down , barely have time to register the rope that tighten around she ankle . with a whizz , she 's jerk upside - down and six foot into the air . the cherub mask flash into she eyeline . lily please -- {continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 49 . continued : her plea be cut short by another stab to the throat . the force of the blow send lily swinging across the room . upside down , she reach the end of she arc and fly back in the direction of the cherub . foot kick , arm flail , she catch a fabric panel and halt she trajectory . the cherub calmly reach behind another fabric panel and remove a bow and arrow . lily grip the fabric panel for dear life , but she slick hand and dwindling strength cause she to lose hold . she fly back in the cherub 's direction . he 's ready and aim at he move target . as she swing by -- thwack . the arrow nail its intend mark . lily 's heart . a maroon pool blossom across she chest . she gasp . thwack . thwack . two more arrow find a home inside lily . bewildere eye stare at the film footage of the couple kissing . blood run down she neck and cover she face . before the stream can hit the ground -- glove hand grab a nearby fabric panel and tug it down . within second , the body be wrap up . lily 's contort face be the only thing leave expose . the cherub grab a nearby rope and bear down on it with he full weight . lily 's body fly thirty foot up to the ceiling . the sea of pulley , rope , and fabric block it from sight . the match room door open . the cherub step back into the shadow as Jennifer enter . up in rafter lily see she friend . she gurgle . tries to make noise . two drop of blood drip onto the floor -- five foot from Jennifer . Jennifer be unaware , gaze at the super - 8 footage . suddenly , she sense a presence . she turn , but the panel of fabric drift and block she view . she see the corner of a black sleeve disappear , start around panel when suddenly -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 50 . continued : Max be right in front of she . max guess you be my new partner . he move in , wrap a arm around she . Jennifer squirm out from under it . jennifer what about lily ? max she dumped I . Said something about a business trip . you chick can be cold -heart . up in rafter lily continue to fight against the confines of she bloody restraint . Max lean in to kiss Jennifer . jennifer some people be wait upstairs . max it 's my exhibit . humor I . jennifer I be flatter , but -- max I tell you lily and I be through . he try again . up in rafter lily be in a death rattle . she 's too far away to be hear . jennifer here 's womanhood rule number one . you do not move in on a girlfriend 's guy . it 's tacky , it 's wrong , and it 's the best defense we have against jerk like you . Jennifer storm out . incense , Max watch she go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 5i. int . gallery - coat check - night dorothy and Campbell retrieve they coat . Jennifer cruise up to they . dorothy paige go home with some sculptor . jennifer let 's go then . as they head for the exit , a woman tap Campbell 's shoulder . woman hey , leech . everyone turn to face ruthie evan , collagen -enhance . she 's in she early thirty and piss about it . ruthie ( woman ) I want my money back . Campbell try to think on he foot . ruthie ( off girl ) which one of you be he new victim ? dorothy who be you ? campbell no one -- ruthie the idiot who 's still wait for a return on she internet investment . what be it ? golddigger-dot-com ? Campbell try for the door , ruthie step in he path . campbell ruthie . not now . ruthie my lawyer say there 's nothing I can do , so I have decide to personally make you life hell . with that , she 's go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 52 . int . italian restaurant - night hanging chianti bottle . candlelight . very romantic . at the hostess stand , a hostess bark into the phone . hostess I have get nothing . well , I can squeeze you in at 10:30 , but I be warning you now , the table 's next to the kitchen ... yeah ? you , too , pal . and think ahead next time . this be not Easter . the date never change . find Adam and Jennifer , still wear she clothes from the gallery . they share a window table . Adam play with melt wax from the candle . jennifer we be down there in that dungeon . Music blaring . porn play out on the wall . he think it be a turn -on . Adam reach across the table . his finger dance across Jennifer 's hand , trace the outline of she thumbnail . jennifer it be so skeezy . if my apartment have run water , I have be in the shower right now . adam what be we do ? jennifer what ? adam this be suppose to be a ~ celebration . finally , she notice he hand on hers . Jennifer steady she already tremble knee . adam you look incredible tonight . jennifer thanks . I be sorry . congratulation again . she lean over and kiss he on the cheek . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 53 . continued : adam what would you say to a walk along the wharf ? maybe a irish coffee at the buena vista ? jennifer it 's freezing . adam you can borrow my jacket . she deliberate , know what the answer should be . adam ( know it 's lame try to sell it anyway ) or there 's a variety pack of herbal tea at my place . jennifer Adam , I do not think -- adam I could draw a bath . give you a foot rub . jennifer not tonight . adam you love my foot rub . jennifer ( gently but firmly ) no. he pull he hand away as the waiter return with the check . Adam busy himself with the tip math . jennifer I do not want to get hurt . adam you spend the whole night talk about how man be pig . the nutjob artist . dorothy 's leech boyfriend . jennifer that 's different . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : 54 . adam you be right . the difference be I be in love with you . and you absolutely refuse to see it . jennifer every part of I want to go home with you tonight , okay ? be that the answer you be look for ? adam then stop fight it . jennifer we agree to go slow . to start over as friend . this be what friend do . they go to dinner . they talk . adam I want to be you boyfriend . not you pal . jennifer you be so selfish . adam how can you say that , when all I can think about be you ? Adam sign , pocket he credit card and get up . he stop , jennifer so , this be it , then ? we be over ? right here , in the italian restaurant where they still can not make a decent calzone ? turn . adam they be god-awful . jennifer but we just keep order they . Adam smile . she get he . adam I ’1l1 call you . and with that , he 's go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 55 . ext . jennifer 's apartment build - night a cab drop Jennifer at the lobby door . a assortment of cheery valentine 's decoration have be tape above the call box . Jennifer check the sidewalk . no one 's in sight . in a flash , she rip down a smile cupid and a cardboard bouquet of rose . reaching for a pink heart that read " happy Valentine 's Day , " she notice the ink scrawl at the top of the decoration : " I be come . " Jennifer look up and down the street . it 's a normal , non -threaten night . she punch in she access code and step inside . int . jennifer 's apartment build - lobby - continuous action Jennifer enter as the Building Super exit a supply closet with a garland of red cupid . he stop in he track when he notice the decoration in she hand . jennifer wind get they . she hand they over and punch the elevator call button . dissolve to : int . shelley 's apartment - live room - day a humble one- bedroom . only assort box be leave . Jennifer and dorothy be on the couch . Mrs. Fisher hand a shoe box to paige . she open it to find dozen of intricately - fold missive . paige God . she keep all the note we pass ? mrs . fisher I also find this . Mrs. Fisher give Jennifer a photo . in it , a bunch of twelve - year- old be dress in birthday party gear . jennifer I remember that party . a goat attack I in the petting zoo . mrs . fisher she insisted we invite the whole class . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 56 . continued : Mrs. Fisher 's face crumble . Jennifer notice a stack of floral arrangement card on the table . Mrs. Fisher follow she gaze . mrs . fisher so many friend send they regards . jennifer May I ? mrs . fisher ( nod ) I be run late . you girl can see yourselves out . I may call you sometimes . to jog my memory . I have already start forget little detail . she leave . Jennifer flip through the card . paige look up from she read . paige wow . we have filthy little mouth back then . Jen , here 's one from you . you want it ? but Jennifer 's eye be stick on one of the card and the message : " with love and fond memory , Jeremy melton . " paige Jen ? it pull she back out . she hold up the " Jeremy melton " card . dorothy grab it from Jennifer . dorothy he kill she . paige dorothy ! it 's a card . dorothy he 's out there . jennifer of course he be . somewhere . but that do not mean -- dorothy you just happen to find that cherub mask lie in you hallway ? Jennifer consider . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : dorothy 's 57 . dorothy I get a valentine . he sign it . jennifer why do not you tell we ? dorothy I be hope it be a sick joke . jennifer that cop say if we think of anything ... paige I '' like to hear that 9 - 1 - 1 call -- ' officer , some guy we tease in middle school might be come after we . " finger be white . her chest heave . dorothy I be next . he 's come after I . paige why would you say that ? dorothy I call he name -- paige everybody do . relax . dorothy that night , when the whole school go after he ... I start it . jennifer dorothy . why ? dorothy can you imagine you mother force - feed you nothing but celery ? measure you waist every night and put the result on the fridge ? that 's what the wheeler do three week before that stupid dance . all that work , and for what ? the only person who notice I that night be Jeremy . I could not stomach pity from he , so I lie . Said he be harass I . ( more ) ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 58 . continued : dorothy ( cont ’d ) it get the mob go in no time . ( then ) let 's face it . the only person more hate than I be : pigeon shit . Jennifer and paige be in shock . jennifer who know about this ? dorothy just he . I have to get out of here . leave town . jennifer dorothy , that 's a little extreme . dorothy he want revenge . I would . jennifer you do not know that . dorothy pick up the card . dorothy prove I wrong . cuT to : ext . CITY STREET - day Jennifer 's Civic creep along the grey wasteland of row house and dilapidate car . int . jennifer 's civic - day Jennifer and paige eye the pass house number . paige should be up here on the leave . we t.p. have it every Friday night for a month . dorothy should be here . she 's the reason we be do this . jennifer paige . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 59 . continued : paige Fine . what do we do if he answer the door ? jennifer we start with a apology . the car pull up in front of a Monopoly - style house . the chain link fence be falter . the window be go . the structure be a burn - out shell . Jennifer and paige stare in shock at the ruin . paige now what ? CUT to : int . san francisco public library - night a nearly silent research room . patron be lose in they own world of word and fact . Jennifer stare into the grey glow of a microfiche machine . shelley 's twelfth birthday party photo be propped up against the monitor . paige be at a nearby table , up to she armpit in phone book and public record . paige as far as I can tell , Jeremy melton do not live in California . please keep in mind , I be go cross -ey from all the small print . do you find anything ? before Jennifer can answer , Adam approach with some research of he own . he read to they from a photocopy . adam 's February fifteenth , nineteen ninety - nine . a husband and wife be kill when they home be engulf in flame late last night . 's jennifer Valentine 's Day . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : Adam see machine . 60 . adam {still read ) ' marty and deidre melton be overwhelm by fume and smoke and may have die in they sleep , though witness claim to have hear cry for help prior to the arrival of firefighter . 's paige any mention of Jeremy ? adam none . the photo next to Jennifer 's microfiche adam what 's that ? jennifer a picture from my sixth - grade class . I be just try to figure out where everyone land . at least the name I remember . Jennifer point to he face in the photograph . it 's one of the jock from the middle school Valentine 's Day dance . jennifer donnie bogus . what a little turd . he use to pick on Jeremy all the time . ( point to screen ) last Valentine 's Day in Santa Cruz , he be bludgeon to death in he own garage . they find piece of brain matter up to twenty foot away . the killer be never find . adam talk about revenge of the nerd . paige this prove nothing . jennifer paige , he parent be kill . then there 's donnie , shelley -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : 61 . paige chance be several people from we sixth grade class have bitten the big one . be Jeremy melton behind all they death ? I doubt it . that kid could not even visit the water fountain without humiliate himself . jennifer I remember he come up to I on the bleacher and ask I to dance . instead , I stand by as a bunch of scream kid rip he clothes off and parade he around a school gym . paige we be kid ! kid be mean ! kid be rotten ! if he can not buck up and grow a spine like the rest of we , he 's a bigger loser now than he ever be . patron toss they disapprove look and hiss , " shhh ! " paige speak of loser . ( head for door ) look , pigeon shit be not worth my time then , and he 's certainly not worth it now . I be not hitching a ride on dorothy 's guilt trip . I have no reason to be paranoid . Nice meeting you , Adam . adam you , too . ( off book ) it 's be really ... educational . they watch she angry retreat . Adam put script provide for jennifer how do you think she really feel about it ? he arm around she . it 's habit . adam she have a point . jennifer thanks for come with I . ( continued ) educational purpose . more script can be find here : http:/www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary continued : 62 . adam absolutely . ( a beat ) they change the cup holder at we movie theater . jennifer oh , yeah ? adam get anything smaller than a large soda , and it fall right through . jennifer that suck . a study patron toss they a dirty look . Jennifer twirl a pen between she finger . Adam reach over and touch she hand . Jennifer do not pull away . adam tell I again why we can not be together . jennifer you get out of control , Adam . it scare I . adam I have be go to a.a. for three week . jennifer that 's great . adam I feel like a fraud there . that people really have huge thing to sort through . I be never that mess up , be I ? jennifer you be always go to find someone more mess up than you be . it 's one of the advantage of live in this city . adam so , you do think I have a problem . jennifer be you look for my permission to drop out of the program ? that 's not my decision to make . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 63 . continued : adam i be say I be try to figure this out . and I may be do it for the rest of my life . so if you be wait for I to turn into something I can never be , I want to know now . Jennifer fiddle with the dial on the microfiche machine . finally -- jennifer wanna come to my party tomorrow ? adam like , as you date ? ( off she nod ) I could move some stuff around . jennifer come on . I / x11 buy you a coffee . they gather up they stuff . int . supermarket - night the portrait of domestic bliss , dorothy grab a box of condom . feeling optimistic , she snag a second . int . frozen food section dorothy select a half gallon of ice cream . there 's a crash as she cart be broadside by another . dorothy look up to ruthie 's glare . ruthie ( loudly ) you might want to try french vanilla . he like that . dorothy pull a one -eighty and cruise for the front of the store . ruthie be on she heel . ruthie how 's the new boyfriend work out ? have he ask for a check yet ? other shopper slow to a crawl , hope to witness a scene . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 64 . continued : ruthie race in front of dorothy 's cart and jam she shoe under the front wheel . dorothy slam into the cart 's handle . dorothy leave I alone . more people be stare . ruthie spot the condom . ruthie good idea . God know what he pick up last year when he be fuck Mrs. frazier . dorothy knock the cart aside and shove ruthie into a display of Valentine 's Day candy . girl and goody spill everywhere . dorothy do not come near we again . dorothy flee the scene . the customer quickly lose interest and disperse . no one offer a help hand to ruthie , who disentangle herself from the mess of spill chocolate . ext . jennifer 's apartment build - night Jennifer and Adam avoid treacherous puddle on the sidewalk . they reach the front door , and the impulse be to dally . jennifer want to come up ? adam that 's okay . jennifer let I try that again . please come up ? adam Jen , everything 's gonna be okay . jennifer but -- adam I do not want we to do something that you be just go to write off as a weak moment tomorrow . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 65 . continued : jennifer we could sit on opposite end of the couch and watch Larry King . it would totally kill the mood . adam look , yesterday someone I really care about suggest we take this slow . I be gonna go before I come to my sense . jennifer thanks for today . Adam lean in and deliver the gentlest , sweetest kiss . they savor the moment , and he go . Jennifer longingly watch he disappear into the darkness . int . jennifer 's apartment - bathroom - night dress in pajamas , Jennifer pull back she hair and slam the medicine cabinet shut . she stare at she mirrore reflection . Dark circle ring she eye . from the open window , a sing - songy chant drift in on the breeze . kide ( v.o. ) ' pigeon shit. pigeon shit . careful you might step in it .' Jennifer slam the window shut . be it just in she head ? she uncap a tube of toothpaste , grab she toothbrush and get to work . int . jennifer 's apartment - live room - night still brush she tooth , Jennifer sort through a stack of mail . she arrive at a plain white envelope . her address be calligraphy across the front . Jennifer open the envelope to find -- a mimeograph flier that read , " cupid 's ball , 19981 ! in the kennedy middle school gym !!. bring you bow !! bring you arrow !! " terrify , Jennifer turn the invitation over . in red ink -- " rose be red / violet be blue / they x11 need dental record / to identify you . 's Jennifer drop she toothbrush and scoops up the phone . as she punch 911 -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 66 . int . police station - night Jennifer and paige hold court with Vaughn . they be crowded around a batter computer workstation . Vaughn sift through a file . the middle school dance flier be in a plastic bag on the edge of she desk . vaughn melton be transfer from school to school until he fondness for violent outburst land he in juvenile hall . paige where he become a law -abide citizen , right ? vaughn juvie do not exactly turn out cub scout , and no one could control melton . he get ship off to a state- run mental hospital . spend six year there . jennifer where be he now ? vaughn I have get nothing after that . he never get a driver 's license . never have a credit card or bank account . basically , there 's no paper trail on the guy . jennifer what about he parent 's death ? vaughn happen after he release , but forensics declare it a accidental fire . paige ( to Jennifer ) told you . vaughn do not mean he do not have reason to feel a little aggression toward they . daddy put cigarettes out in he scalp . there be evidence of sexual abuse by the mother . jennifer we do not know . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 67 . continued : vaughn what you kid do to he be just the tip of a very screw - up iceberg . Vaughn place a photo on a scanner . vaughn the school district send I a page from the yearbook . paige good , then you can just round the weirdo up . vaughn it 's not that easy . she hit a button , and the image of a ten -year - old Jeremy melton fill the screen . Coke - bottle glass . greasy bang obscure a pinch face . his smile betray a interior sadness . his eye be dark and withdraw . Jennifer and paige squirm under he gaze . vaughn this be the only photo we have of he . Vaughn hit a few button on the keyboard . on screen , Jeremy morph into a adult . vaughn in this shot he 's get long brown hair , right ? ( type ) so how about a crew cut , dyed red ? or blond . or jet black . he 's get brown eye . how about blue contact . or green ? the image on the computer screen change , morph Jeremy into a series of totally different - look man . vaughn add a beard . a goatee . moustache . jennifer he be pigeon-to . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 68 . continued : vaughn could be take care of with surgery or physical therapy . Jennifer watch as the face continue to change at a rapid-fire pace . ominous . lead she to the terrifying revelation -- jennifer he could be anyone . vaughn I be try to track down a more recent photo of he . one lead be the juvie file in Sacramento . most of the kid have release picture . the moment they send it , I will be in touch . have anyone speak with lily voight ? paige she 's in Chicago , on business . vaughn have she check in at all ? paige shake she head . then -- paige I 'il try she mom . see if she know what hotel she 's in . vaughn and this guy she be dating . Max ive . you say it be not a pleasant parting ? jennifer she dumped he . vaughn you , miss Prescott ? boyfriend ? paige single . you ? there 's a stare -down . Vaughn win . jennifer I do not understand . what do that have to do with anything ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : 69 . vaughn it 's possible someone may just be try to scare you , so I wanna look closer to home . a jealous co-worker , a unhappy ex ... paige ( to Jennifer ) good thing you and Adam be back on track . she might have pat he down . vaughn who 's Adam ? jennifer Adam Cole . my ex - boyfriend . we be try to get back together . Vaughn hand Jennifer the notebook and pencil . vaughn last know address and phone number . jennifer ( write it down ) he do not do this . vaughn everything help . in the meantime , you girl stick together . check in on each other frequently . there 's safety in number . jennifer maybe I should cancel the party . paige you know my opinion on that . Vaughn question they with a look . jennifer it 's work . a Valentine 's thing I plan for tomorrow night . two hundred people be show up at we friend dorothy 's . vaughn that should be okay . ( then ) why be not she here ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 70 . continued : paige we do not want to scare she . she 's home with she boyfriend . vaughn and what 's he story ? suddenly , it dawns on Jennifer . jennifer they just meet . CUT to : int . dorothy 's mansion - live room - night Campbell stretch out on the sofa and watch notorious . dorothy scamper about , cram last- minute item into a duffel . dorothy you be gonna love cabo . nothing to do but sip daiquiris and lounge . campbell ( eye never leave tv ) uh-huh . sound great . dorothy stare at the beautiful man in front of she . she drop what she 's do and snuggle up to he . dorothy what would I do without you ? campbell that 's sweet , babe . the doorbell ring . dorothy move closer , drape a leg over he . dorothy let the may -- campbell I order chinese . he 's up and out . dorothy grab the remote and pause the movie . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 71 . int . foyer - continuous action Campbell throw open the door to find detective Vaughn . vaughn Mr. Harris ? let 's chat . alarm , Campbell step back as Vaughn push inside . dissolve to : int . florist shop - day it 's Valentine 's Day . this little neighborhood flower shop look like a D - day beach . male customer shove , yell , swear at each other . the flower be abuse and pick over . Jennifer and paige push they way to the front counter . they each have a cell phone press to they ear . jennifer ( into phone ) dorothy , it 's Jennifer . pick up . paige ( into phone ) Jimmy . it 's you favorite party girl . if you get this , call I . paige push a rude customer in the crowd . paige ow ! happy Valentine 's Day to you , too , buddy . jennifer ( still on phone ) pick up pick up pick up . you be not pick up . okay . I / x11 talk to you later . ( to another customer ) that 's my foot you be obliterate . paige have dial another number . paige ( into phone ) Roger ? hey ! it 's paige . there 's a little fiesta tonight that 's right up you alley ... engage , huh ? I do not know . congrat . ( hang up ) hope she do not mind you suck in the sack . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 72. continued : jennifer ( to paige ) dorothy have not call I back . millicent say she 's ' unavailable . 's paige you will be over there in a couple of hour . talk to she then . ready for the real tragedy ? I ea not find a date for tonight . jennifer what happen to Brian , the pierce dude from speed date ? paige phone tag , so he 's a maybe . Jennifer wave down the harry owner and hand off a claim ticket . jennifer I call in a order on Monday . he disappear into the back . several man tail he . paige ( off they desperation ) pathetic . jennifer embarrassingly so . paige a guy lavish you with gift all in the hope of get a little nookie . how 's today different from any other day ? the owner return and hand over several dozen rose . arm full , she and paige fight they way for the front door . ext . florist shop - day Jennifer and paige load the flower into a rental van . it 's already burst with party supplies . a ill-prepare husband step in they path . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : husband i’1l give you a hundred dollar for one . Jennifer shake she head . paige Cash . she put out she palm . int . jennifer' elevator - day Jennifer mash the " 4 " button . she kneel down to tie she shoe . the door open . a arm reach into the elevator and yank Jennifer out . int . apartment hallway - continuous action laugh , Adam pull she into a kiss . adam happy Valentine 's Day . jennifer aww . you get I a coronary . adam I have one myself when that detective call this morning . jennifer she insisted . I tell she -- adam it 's cool . my serial kill spree be still a well - keep secret . ( then ) I know you be craze , but I just want to stop by and give you this . Adam present a miniature rise . adam and this . Adam place a heart - shape lollipop in she palm . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 74 . continued : adam and this . he hand she a construction paper heart . it read , " a.c . + t.k . " adam I make it myself . jennifer Adam , thanks . here ... I get you ... she fumble in she pocket and produce a dry cleaner 's receipt . adam ( playful ) you have my suit clean ? jennifer no. she pull a pen and write on the back of it , " i.0.u. some t.l.c. this p.m . " jennifer can not buy that at the mall . adam nope . he kiss she . adam I gotta get back to the office . just know I be think about you . jennifer see you tonight . he get on the elevator and disappear . int . jennifer 's apartment - moment later Starry -ey and smile , Jennifer enter to find -- dorothy , look none too pleased . she sit at the kitchen table . dorothy what be you think , call the cop on Campbell ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : dorothy 's 75 . jennifer they -- they call Adam , too . dorothy call he , or question he for two hour ? now they have ' request 's he do not leave town for a few day . it 's humiliate . jennifer I be sorry . I -- dorothy do not fuck this up for I . jennifer okay , what be this about ? eye burn . she can not face she friend . dorothy you do not understand what it 's like . and do not tell I how good I look . they just do not see I like that . ( then ) Campbell walk in a room , and my heart stop . every day , I be terrify he 's go to bolt . what you guy do could have chase he away . jennifer you do not know that . dorothy exactly . you never know . I look at you and Adam . you go out for six month , and he hide he drink for five . I look at my dad , and see how he 's lie and cheat on my mom . she never have a clue . jennifer dorothy , where be Campbell now ? dorothy at home . jennifer then why be you here with I ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 76 . continued : dorothy what if -- jennifer do not make problem where there be not any . it 's a genuine observation . dorothy I be sorry . you must think I be such a dork -- jennifer do you want to talk about it ? dorothy do not make a move for the door . dissolve to : int . dorothy 's mansion - master bedroom - day overdone and expensive . dorothy poke she head in . dorothy Campbell ? campbell ( 0.s. ) out here , babe . dorothy cross to -- ext . master bedroom - terrace - continuous action dorothy step out onto the terrace . a hot tub be nestle in a corner . Campbell , sweaty and greasy , stand over it . tool be spread out everywhere . campbell hey . I promise Jennifer I would have this up and run for tonight . dorothy look at you , so handy . she wrap she arm around he . he pull away . campbell hon , I be all gross . she hand he a velvet jewelry box . he open it to find a gold and platinum rolex . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 77 . continued : campbell I do not know we be exchange . dorothy put it on . Campbell fasten the watch to he wrist . dorothy no one love you more than I do . she inch closer . her silk blouse droops open , expose a full breast . dorothy no one . she reach for he pants . they be unbuttone in a second . she kneel before he . Campbell try to back away , but she mouth be already around he . he fight , then give in with a tremble moan . the second hand on the rolex continue to tick . dissolve to : int . master bedroom - later dorothy and Campbell lie in a king-size bed . he stare vacantly at the ceiling . dorothy watch he earnestly . dorothy do not worry about it . ( off he silence ) I be gonna take a shower . ( head to the bathroom ) try on my dad 's robe . it 's silk . cut to : int . master bedroom - day steam shower water beat at dorothy 's morose face . she draw a heart on the foggy shower door and sing to herself . it 's a dirge . dorothy ' I love you baby , and if it 's quite all right , I need you baby ... 's ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 78 . continued : a shadow loom in the doorway . dorothy do not see it . she turn she back to it and continue to sing . the shower door be throw open . dorothy spin to face Campbell , clad in a robe that only money and bad taste can buy . campbell now it 's my turn . he give she a blue box from Tiffany . elate , dorothy snatch the gift and toss the lid aside . she lift a cupid pendant into the light . there 's a single ruby on the tip of the arrow . dorothy it 's beautiful . campbell I have get a meeting with a investor later , so I might be a little late for the party . dorothy Care to join I now ? campbell I want to get in a quick workout before I go . ( kiss she quickly ) save a dance for I . he go as dorothy swoon . int . foyer - day Campbell head down the stair . the maid stand in the middle of the foyer and direct various caterer and construction worker . they carry table , piece of dance floor , and chafing dish . as Campbell pass , he toss she a smirk and a wink . she scowl , have he number . Campbell laugh and head down the hall . int . master bedroom - day humming , dorothy sit at lauren 's vanity and do she makeup . she wear the cupid necklace . the maid appear in the doorway behind she . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 79 . continued : maid what be you do in you daddy 's bedroom ? dorothy ignore she . maid you parent be come home tomorrow , and I be not clean up that mess downstairs . dorothy stand , float by the maid , and kiss she cheek . dorothy I have to pick up my dress . bye. ( sing ) ' I love you baby , and if it 's quite all right , I need you baby ... 's she exit . int . basement gym - day clad in nothing but he boxer , Campbell pump iron . this boy know he way around nautilus equipment . int . basement bathroom - day the bathroom be as big as a locker room but do in pink marble . glisten with sweat , Campbell throw on the spigot of the giant bathtub . he sniff a few bottle of bubble bath , then dump some into the flow water . int . basement gym - continuous action Campbell scoops up a dumbbell , do a few arm curl , pose . there 's a flash of white in the mirror . a figure disappear into the bathroom . Campbell detect the movement out of the corner of he eye . he spin . campbell dodo ? sweetie ? nothing . Campbell close the gym door , then lock it . he yank a cordless phone from the wall . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 80 . int . basement bathroom - continuous action water gurgle from the spigot . bubbles crest at the edge of the monstrous tub . Campbell dial out on the phone as he sit on the porcelain lip . he let he finger dance under the flow water . campbell Bobby ? it 's I ... I be call you now , be not I ? he turn off the water , drop he boxer , and slip into the tub . ahhhh . he settles back . campbell I be tell you , she 's froth at the crotch for I ... I do not know , couple day maybe ... yeah , well , tell bernie he will get it ... ( get piss ) then tell he again . Campbell 's face twist in rage . campbell I ’1ll be there in twenty minute . Campbell throw the phone across the room . it explode against the tiling . campbell ( yell ) fuck ! cover in sud , Campbell climb out of the tub . Water and bubbles slosh all over the marble floor . he slip , nearly crash to the ground . campbell shit ! he carefully maneuver over to the stand shower , yank on the water , and step inside . the sud instantly wash away , unmask -- dozen of leech , stick to Campbell 's naked body . they be fat around the middle , engorge from they feed . Campbell see the parasite and scream . he jump out of the shower , smack and yanking at they . the leech hold fast -- clamp on by they razor sharp tooth . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 81 . continued : yelling , Campbell pull at a giant leech on he arm . it stretch , stretch , and finally rip in two . blood gush from the animal 's innard . Campbell 's blood . the leech 's head be still stick to Campbell 's arm . Campbell run for the door . his foot slide out from under he and he crash heavily to the marble . he sit up and slap at he thigh , scramble to he foot , and tear the leech from he skin . he manage to rid they from he arm and torso . Campbell turn , and we see -- the monster leech on he back . he sense it , too . strain he neck in a attempt to look over he shoulder . Campbell stride to the mirror , wipe the steam from it . the cherub 's reflection appear behind he . a stream of blood dribble from a nostril . Campbell do not notice -- he 's too busy reach , stretch , try to grab the leech . the cherub 's reflection finally catch he eye . startle , he spin to face he -- see the waxy face , freeze in a wick grin . campbell who the fuck be you ? the question be cut short as a fifty - pound barbell cave in Campbell 's skull . he fly backward and slam to the floor . close on Campbell 's arm as it twitches on the marble . a leech let go and creep across the floor . dissolve to : ext . dorothy 's mansion - night at the street - level valet station , party - goer spill out of german - engineered sedan , greet each other , and trip toward the throbbing mansion . every brick , every shingle strain against the internal combustion of a party that be way past out of control . int . dorothy 's mansion - ballroom - night a red spotlight ricochet off a disco ball . helium - fill mylar balloon in the shape of heart blanket the ceiling . a band , loud and one notch beyond punk , fill the room with music . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 82. continued : the black - tie crowd swell and gyrate . the dance floor have a life of its own . couple mash under rise trellise . single look to hook up . it 's Valentine 's Day , and the young , rich , and beautiful generate enough sexual energy to make the space pulsate . Jennifer auto-pilot across the floor . jennifer ( flagging a waiter ) send out the dumpling next . Jennifer push through a set of swinging door . int . kitchen - continuous action it 's a whirlwind of caterer . Jennifer find paige and dorothy stake out a isolate section of counter top . they pick at the remain of a hor d’oeuvre tray . everyone 's dress to party . they just do not act like it . jennifer still no sign of Kathy Hudson . dorothy or Campbell . paige {to both of they ) it 's barely eleven . jennifer the band can only play until midnight . that 's about the time I 'il head over to kinko 's and pick up a application . paige they be open twenty - four hour . Adam enter the kitchen from the back door . he shake off the cold and join they . adam any more trash to go out ? jennifer we be good for now . a caterer interrupt . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 83 . continued : caterer ( to Jennifer ) there 's enough food to carry we , so we be gonna start clean up . jennifer go ahead . he move off . Jennifer 's face fall even more . adam she ’1l1 show . paige whadya say , dotty ? wanna check out the band ? get a groove on ? dorothy I be gonna wait . dorothy stare at the floor . absentmind finger play with the cupid necklace , then tuck it beneath she blouse . jennifer you say he be go to sausalito . the bridge be probably back up . no response . paige I be not let this dress go to waste . c’mon . we will have a better view of he arrival from the dance floor . paige drag dorothy out . Jennifer drop she head to the counter . Adam knead she shoulder . he whisper . adam how 's that ? jennifer lower ... mmm . adam what be you plan for later ? jennifer I be think I have finish up here . kick off this shoe . ( then , return the whisper ) maybe get lucky . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 84 , continued : adam with whom ? jennifer I be young . available . should not be a problem find volunteer . Adam pluck a red rise out of a nearby floral arrangement , hand it to Jennifer . he fish in he pocket and produce the dry clean ticket -- Jennifer 's rou . jennifer excellent . I have have my eye on you all night . several caterer eavesdrop on they conversation . the swinging door open , and a waiter poke he head in . waiter {to Jennifer ) one of the heating lamp go out . jennifer I have get match . Jennifer stow she rise in a glass of water and start to follow . Adam grab she arm and pull she into a kiss . adam happy Valentine 's Day . jennifer you , too . she break away and go . barely able to contain he happiness , Adam turn to the staff . a caterer shove a champagne flute into he hand . caterer # 2 what 's you name , buddy ? adam Adam . Adam think about hand the flute back when -- caterer # 2 ( to kitchen staff ) to Adam . the one guy in this room who 's get some tonight ! warm smile be on he . Adam toss back the drink . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 85 . int . ballroom - night sweating body writhe on the dance floor . CENTER of throng paige and dorothy tear thing up . they laugh , spin , spill they kir royale . dorothy try to steal a glance at the ballroom entrance , but paige dart into she eye - line . someone watch the girl from across the dance floor . he Pov be on paige , uninhibit , display she bad - girl root . dorothy begin to relax . let the heat of the crowd and the throbbing of the music take over . the watcher get closer , closer . weaving , bob in and out amongst the sweaty partner . paige grind . spin . pump to the beat . the watcher be very close . paige twirl and collide with Brian , the pierce guy from speed date . brian hey , hot stuff . paige you come . brian I like how you move . paige why do not you join I , then ? she throw she arm around he neck . he match she rhythm . forgotten , dorothy melt back into the crowd . her eye scan the room . no sign of Campbell . back on paige or , rather , paige 's gyrate pelvis . Brian tease she lip with he . brian wanna crank this up a little bit ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 86 . continued : two tabs of ecstasy appear from he tuxedo jacket . paige pop one into she mouth . he downs the other . dorothy spot the transaction . paige do you know this house have eight bedroom ? paige catch dorothy 's disapprove stare and slide over . paige I be not go through another Valentine 's Day with no one to kiss . dorothy you will not feel any better . paige I already do . with a whoop , paige lead Brian out of the ballroom . dorothy check she watch as the band kick in with a thrash version of billy Joel 's " just the Way you be . " miserable and alone , she look out over the dance mob . her eye lock on -- edge of dance floor and the leer cherub mask . as quickly as it 's there , it 's go . toss about by mosher , dorothy head in the mask 's direction . head and shoulder spin about . a dancer bump she , knock she to the ground . rude guest have leave the floor litter with beer , cigarette butt , and plastic cup . dorothy look in horror at she soak hand , she ruin dress . then , in front of she , she see a discard cherub mask . dorothy reach for it . a dance foot kick it away . out of nowhere , a hand yank she to she foot . jennifer be you okay ? dorothy he 's here ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 87 . over dorothy 's shoulder Jennifer catch a flash of the cherub mask and freeze . it 's go , only to instantly re-appear thirty foot across the ballroom . back to scene dorothy plow ahead , knock party - goer aside like rag doll . Jennifer 's on she heel . they close in on the cherub . Jennifer rip the mask off to reveal Max , the artist . jennifer what the hell be you do here ? max I come with friend . dorothy ( off mask ) where would you get that ? max at the door . dorothy {to Jennifer ) look . several cherub move throughout the ballroom . Jennifer take in dorothy 's trash dress . jennifer go clean up . I / x11 take care of this . still shaky , dorothy obey . Jennifer turn she attention back to Max . max I also come to tell lily that she 's bust . the museum in Chicago call . she never show up for the conference . classy , huh ? Jennifer 's disturb by the news . Max check out she low - cut dress . max I think about you this morning . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 88 . continued : jennifer nlook at he erotch ) how could you tell ? he scowl , replace the cherub mask , and rejoin the throng . Jennifer pull she cell phone and dial out . jennifer ( into phone ) detective Vaughn , please ... can you tell she Jennifer keat call ? it 's urgent . CUT to : int . master bedroom - night paige and Brian go at it on a satin floor cushion . a bottle of champagne rest on the floor next to they . he unbutton the back of she dress , pull the top down and kiss she breast . paige close she eye . the drug be kick in . everything feel good . he pick she up and deposit she on the bed . paige slide he shirt off . hand burrow under the crinoline of she skirt . he tug they up to she thigh . paige wait . he run he tongue down she chest . paige slow down . brian shhh . paige let 's talk a little . brian you taste like bubble gum . paige stop he . paige I mean it . brian you be gonna cum either way , so why do chit-chat matter ? ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 89 . continued : he go back to kissing she . paige shove he off . drunk , stone , stunne , he land on the carpet with a thud . paige get out ! he smirk . paige get out ! Brian grab he shirt . brian skank . and he 's go . Fighting back tear , paige run to the door and lock it . ext . master bedroom - terrace - night paige slip out the french door . she move to the edge of the terrace and look over . on terrace below several guest mill about and smoke . the sound of the band be deafening . paige look around . lighthead . try to get she bearing . jacuzzi gurgle and hiss seductively at the other end of the terrace . paige undoe a clasp and throw back the plastic cover . the wind whip up . shudder , she shed she dress and head for the steaming turquoise water . paige ouch ! paige retract she stubbed foot . look down . notice the pile of plumber 's tool that Campbell have leave hide to one side of the tub . she shake off the pain and slip into the water . head fall back . bubbles rush up to she neck . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 90 . continued : a jet backfire , send a splash up and over paige 's face . she open she eye and wipe the chlorinate water from she lip . pull a hand back , she notice the wet rise petal stick to she palm . paige sit up . Rose petal cover the surface of the jacuzzi . she look to the french door . a dark figure watch from the shadow . instinctively , paige cover herself . paige hey , freakshow -- the cherub step into view -- he knife at he side . close on mask on the eye behind it , see paige 's horror . on the mouth , curl in mad delight . on the drip of blood that ooze from the nose . back to scene paige scream . get to she foot . the blade swing toward she chest , but she jump back , slip , fall end over end out of the jacuzzi to the hard terrace floor . paige help I ! the jacuzzi motor and the music downstairs drow out she cry . the cherub close in . paige stand , but she wet foot stick to the cold slate terrace . she backpedal , fall hard with a fearful whimper . knife soar against the starry sky . back to scene paige roll , grab the cherub 's knife - hand at the wrist . paige no. ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 91 . continued : the other hand draw back and punch she in the face . her head snap back from the blow , and she let go of the killer 's wrist . she fall against the terrace wall . head roll back . catch a glimpse of -- terrace below . oblivious guest smoke and laugh . back to scene paige try to yell but can not muster the breath . the cherub swipe at she throat . she step back on wobbly foot , barely avoid the blade . it swing again . paige swerve , but the jacuzzi block she way . with a vicious shove , the cherub knock she back into the water . underwater her body drop . Wild eye look up for a sign of the attacker , but he 's out of sight . paige push up as -- the plastic cover crash onto she , shove she back under . it 's a flurry of jet and bubbles . paige struggle to get she bearing . pushes back up . the cherub 's face meet hers through the clear plastic . he kneel on the cover . on paige realize what 's happen ! with a flick , the cherub secure the cover with the clasp and step back onto the terrace . foot kick . fingernail claw at the hard plastic . paige shove she face into a tiny air pocket , but a new rush of bubbles and water obliterate it . the hot , chemical infuse water burn at she eye , but she focus , spot another air pocket inch away . move for it when -- eight-inch drill bit punch through the cover . as soon as it 's there , it 's go . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 92 . cherub outside , the cherub hold the plumber 's drill . a squeeze of the trigger send a mechanical whir across the terrace . paige note the tiny air hole . lip close around it . suck in a trickle of precious oxygen . the drill slam through the cover again -- this time inch from paige 's face . she steal another breath and dart away . unfortunately , full lung increase she buoyancy . she float to the surface . the drill bit plunge through the water and into paige 's arm . a bubbly scream mix with the blood from the puncture wound . the cherub smile , pleased with himself . he watch as he victim huddle against the bottom of the jacuzzi . paige bang the cover with she foot . her wild eye beg for a reprieve . another air hole open with a zing of the drill . like a starve goldfish , paige zoom to the surface , inhale madly . the drill jab again , this time near she chest , and she retreat to a corner . bloody cloud fill the water . paige have little leave in she . head spin , chest heaving , she take she first underwater breath and gag . now , it 's only a matter of second . the cherub realize this . he click off the drill 's safety control , and it run of its own accord . paige slam the plastic again . take another deadly inhale . in one move , the cherub unlatch the cover and toss the still run drill into the tub . spark fly the minute it hit the water . the cherub slam the cover back into place . on paige feeling the first jolt of electricity racing into she body . boil she alive . she convulse . eye gape . a last bubble part she lip , and she face turn to a gruesome mask of terror . back to scene the cherub kick the drill plug free and return inside . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 93 . ext . mansion - entrance - night Jennifer approach a burly doorman , who oversee the line of . enter guest . a box of cherub mask rest on a stool next to he . Jennifer grab one . jennifer where do this come from ? doorman I do not know . jennifer be they here all night ? doorman I be check off name . I look down , and they be sit right next to I . figure they be party favor . jennifer wrong . Jennifer scoops up the box and re-enter the house . int . mansion - foyer - continuous action Jennifer start through the foyer when she notice -- ruthie , head up the staircase . jennifer Excuse I . ruthie do not stop . Jennifer catch up , tap she on the arm . jennifer hi , I be Jennifer . this be my event . ruthie then why do not you grab a tray of erab cake and start work the room ? jennifer because I want the pleasure of remove you ass from the premise . Jennifer shove the box of cherub mask into ruthie 's arm and guide she back down the step . ruthie do not touch I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 94 . from top of staircase dorothy watch the proceedings . she sport a new dress . her fury be cold , control . jennifer she be just leave . ruthie ( to dorothy ) I '' here for my money . where 's Campbell ? jennifer come on . Jennifer jerk ruthie into the foyer . dorothy trail close behind . almost to the door , ruthie dig in she heel . she study dorothy . ruthie he leave you . dorothy no . ruthie then where be he ? do I mention that half my jewelry be miss ? dorothy can not answer . she touch the necklace under she blouse . ruthie hurt , do not it ? for the first time , we see a crack in ruthie 's hard - ass facade . dorothy he love I . the crack seal up . ruthie grow up , honey . everybody know the heavier the heiress , the heavier the trust fund . jennifer get out ! it 's a side of Jennifer that we have not see before . she push ruthie to the door and shove she out . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 95 . ext . mansion - entrance - continuous action Jennifer present ruthie to the doorman . seethe , jennifer she 's do for the night . ruthie get you hand off . ruthie slip into the darkness . jennifer ( back to doorman ) check i.d. 's and stick to the guest list . if anything 's weird , you have my cell number . doorman speak of which , a Kathy Hudson call the main line . Said she 's bring thirty extra people . what do I do about they ? jennifer anybody with Kathy be in . have the valet guy call I when she get here . Jennifer head back inside . there 's no sign of dorothy . int . mansion - dorothy 's bedroom - night Jennifer push into dorothy 's bedroom . running water come from the attach bath . Jennifer approach . jennifer dotty ? she enter . int . ballroom - continuous action dorothy cover the red splotches on she cheek with concealer . Jennifer go to she . jennifer need help ? dorothy I be okay . seriously . ( then ) my date will be here soon . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library continued : 96 . Jennifer smoothes the back of dorothy 's hair . dorothy catch she friend 's reflection in the mirror . dorothy what 's wrong ? jennifer that Max guy say lily do not make it to Chicago . do paige ever call she mother and find out ? dorothy well , you can not ask she now . she 's busy . it dawns on dorothy . dorothy something 's go on . you be scared . you think Jeremy 's here . jennifer no , I do not . I promise -- dorothy my dad have a gun . he keep it in he study . jennifer absolutely not . ( then ) dorothy , relax , I be just concerned about lily . that 's all . they head out of the bedroom and down the hall as Jennifer 's cell phone ring . she answer . jennifer hello ? vaughn ( v.0o . ) it 's Vaughn . intercut with : int . police car - moving - night Vaughn drive the city street and talk on she phone . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 97 . continued : vaughn Sacramento come through with the release picture . the photo 's ten year old , but it should help you make a i.d . jennifer Max ive be at the party tonight . he say lily do not go to Chicago . vaughn that 's why I have get two of my guy wait for he at he place . jennifer do you think it 's he ? vaughn you tell I . we be look for someone between five - eleven and six foot . jennifer uh , no . vaughn one-seventy to one - ninety pound . Black hair , brown eye . Jennifer look down into the foyer fill with man of vary shape and size . one guy catch she stare and wink . Jennifer flinch , break eye contact immediately . jennifer easily half the guy at this party . vaughn everything 's fine . just sit tight , and I 'il see you in a hour . Vaughn disconnect . dorothy stare at Jennifer with freeze anticipation . jennifer she 's get the photo . ( then ) let 's find Adam . cuT to : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 98 . int . staircase - night Jennifer and dorothy slip down into the foyer . it 's still wall - to - wall people . for once , dorothy 's the more compose of the two . int . kitchen - continuous action Jennifer and dorothy enter the kitchen . they stop in they track when they see -- Adam , guzzle a glass of champagne . he reach for the bottle and refill . his eye connect with Jennifer 's . dorothy promptly exit . jennifer which of the twelve step be that ? adam ( buzze ) Jen ! you be beautiful ! it 's Valentine 's Day ! celebrate with I ! he look at the pile of trash bag scattered around he . adam hey , who 's in charge of this ? {to caterer ) chop , chop , guy ! heartbroken , Jennifer go . he 's on she heel . int . ballroom - continuous action Jennifer try to lose Adam in the crowd . from stage the band speed to a throbbing finale . Adam catch up to Jennifer . adam do not be mad . she open she mouth to let he have it when -- on stage there 's a pop from the band 's amp , and the power go out in the ballroom . the crowd send up a moan . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 99 . continued : Jennifer 's cell phone ring . she answer . jennifer ( into phone ) hello ? intercut with : ext . dorothy 's mansion - valet stand - night stare amusedly at a entourage of beautiful twenty - somethings , a valet attendant speak low into the phone . valet attendant you princess have arrive . kathy hudson , a blonde slip of a girl , stumble to the front of the group . she wear a party crown from Burger King and a ten-thousand - dollar mink coat . she 's trash . jennifer shit . we blow a fuse . Adam try to get Jennifer 's attention . Jennifer cover the phone with she hand . jennifer go away . she mean it . he comply . dorothy approach . jennifer do you know where the circuit breaker be ? dorothy I can do it . jennifer no , let I . dorothy you have a guest to greet . i’11 be fine . embrace she newfound bravado , dorothy go . jennifer ( back into phone ) stall she . Jennifer click off . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 100 . continued : Kathy throw she arm around the valet attendant . kathy you be cute . ( look up at the mansion ) my party ! which mean , " release the hound ! " the entourage race for the house . the valet attendant can only watch they go , never realize that one of the group be ruthie . int . bathroom - night the room be dark . the tea light from the cabaret table cast a eerie glow . Jennifer stand by the stage and watch the band pack up they instrument . jennifer guy , the power will be up in a few minute . the lead singer do not even slow down . lead singer we get a gig in oakland at twelve - thirty . jennifer the guest of honor be on she way up . just one song . I be begging . lead singer can I have you phone number ? jennifer you can have all the leftover chicken skewer . lead singer Fine . he start to unwind he mic cord . at front door there 's a commotion as Kathy Hudson and crew make they grand entrance . Jennifer zip up to Kathy and extend a hand . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 101 . continued : jennifer Kathy , Jennifer keat . so great to finally meet you . Kathy lurch , vomit down the front of she fur , and pass out in the arm of the guy behind she . guy dude , she be waste . the entourage laugh . guy we would better get she home . speechless , Jennifer nod . she catch the eye of the lead Singer . jennifer you guy can go . ( then ) there 's dip sauce in the kitchen . cut to : int . bedroom - tight on duffel bag - night as deliberate hand unzip and rifle through it . take advantage of the moonlight , ruthie shake the content onto the floor . like a mad archaeologist , she finger pick through sock and toiletry . there 's no sign of a checkbook or wallet . something gleam in the darkness . it 's the rolex . there 's a noise outside . ruthie pocket the watch and slip to the door . she crack it . int . hall Jennifer zoom past with a flashlight . ruthie duck back inside , wait a beat , then look again . the hall be clear . int . hallway - continuous action ruthie step into the hall . instead of head for the main staircase , she start in the other direction . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 102 . end of hall a open doorway loom . ruthie step inside and shut it behind she . int . service stairwell - night ruthie stand in the utilitarian stairwell , design to keep the servant away from they master . the surroundings be spartan , but ruthie do not spend much time look . she head down the step two at a time . ground level a service entrance . ruthie try the door . lock . she continue down the step and into the basement . int . basement - billiard room - night a red-velvete pool table command the middle of the floor . the ball be rack and ready for play . ruthie blow into the room . ruthie fuck I . frustrate , she perches on the edge of the pool table and scatter the ball across the velvet . ruthie pull out the rolex and fasten it on she wrist . the door to the billiards room open , and a man back inside . he 's drag something . ruthie hey ! how the hell do I get out of this place ? the cherub turn around , look at she quizzically , drop he cargo . ruthie stare in horror as he take a step toward she , revealing the maid 's dead body . ruthie well ... I should go . pretend not to see the mess , she try to step around he . a drop of blood spill from the cherub 's nose . he pull he knife . charge . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 103 . continued : the blade sink into ruthie 's back . she scream at the white - hot pain , watch in horror as the knife rise again . she twist away , think fast , and grab a pool cue out of a nearby rack . swing it . bashes the cherub in the kidney . he fall back . groggy , bleed , ruthie drop she weapon and charge out the door . int . basement hallway - continuous action scream , she tear down the hallway , but she 's deep in the bowel of the house . no one can hear she . fortunately , the darkness be thick and black . perfect for hide . she open a door and slip into -- int . basement bathroom - night so , so dark . ruthie fumble to get she bearing in the pink marble bathroom . the light flash on . someone find the circuit breaker . ruthie stare at she teary reflection in the bathroom mirror . the wound in she back bleed profusely . from the hall , there 's a clatter . ruthie spy the dry sauna . she flip off the bathroom light switch and head for it . int . dry sauna - continuous action it 's dark in here . instinctively , ruthie drop to she knee and back under one of the bench . her eye never waiver from the door until something brushes she shoulder . ruthie look down at the human arm that drape across she chest . she scream , push it away , turn to see Campbell . his face , or what 's leave of it , be cloak in a final , silent scream . hyperventilate , ruthie push the corpse off of she and slide out . int . basement bathroom - continuous action ruthie bolt for the exit when she hear another noise in the hall . she back away from the door and spy ... wicker laundry hamper in a flash , she 's inside . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 104 . int . laundry hamper - night it 's a tight fit , but ruthie burrow into a pile of musty towel . her breathe be jag , terrify . she close she eye , calm herself . there 's a rip as the pool cue slam through the top of the hamper , millimeter from ruthie 's terrify face . she scream . press up against the side as the cue slam through the front . with everything she 's get leave , ruthie blast out of the hamper . int . basement bathroom - continuous action spill end over end onto the bathroom floor . the cherub hover over she . aim for she head . swing . ruthie roll , and he miss . she get to she foot and tear out of the bathroom . the killer ram the cue back into the hamper and pull he knife . int . service stairwell - night gather strength , ruthie climb for she life . she pass the service entrance , know already that it 's lock . second floor ruthie arrive at the door that get she into this mess . she try the knob . it do not budge . footstep come from below . ruthie dart up another flight . third floor she crane she neck and gaze down into the twist , drop maze of stair and banister . two stories below a hand clasp the railing . deliberate footstep make they ascent . ruthie spin and run up the step , take three at a time . the cherub continue he methodical climb . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 105 . FOURTH floor the attic level . one door stand at the top of the stair . ruthie try it . no good . she pound , kick , claw at the wood . ruthie help I ! the footstep stop . ruthie twist to find nothing . she blink . take one step down at a time . ruthie please , do not hurt I . ( another step ) I do not want to die . she stop . listen . nothing . she make it to the landing . breathes easier now . look over the edge of the banister , think she see something down in the twist , drop maze of the stairwell . look closer . it 's just one of she high heel . everything look clear . she turn and -- the cherub shove she against the railing . the force be bone-crush , rapid fire . ruthie scream , try to push forward , but he shove she again . wood creak as the railing break off and plummet into the abyss . nothing 's leave of the banister but the spindly wooden slat . ruthie no . the cherub shove again . ruthie lose she foot and sit back on the slat . they give way and she pitch over the edge . the cherub 's mouth react in surprise . ruthie have not fall ! the rolex watch , too big for she wrist , have catch on one of the slat . it bend at a hundred and seventy - five degree angle , but it still support she weight . she twist in the air , stare up into he unfeel eye . ruthie help I . please , help I . you can have anything you want . the cherub step forward . extends a hand . and unclasp the watch . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 106 . continued : ruthie shriek as she hand slip out of the band and she drop end over end through the stairwell . it 's a messy , interminable fall as she flail body ricochet against the unforgive banister and slam to the floor . ruthie 's eye blink , flutter , close . int . ballroom - night the ballroom be completely clear out . Jennifer hand a check to a caterer . jennifer thanks , Scott . caterer happy Valentine 's Day . jennifer right back at ya . he go , leave she all alone . Jennifer yank down a heart - shape balloon and pop it with a fork . she pull she cell phone and dial out . there 's nothing on the other end but ringing . dorothy ( 0.8s . ) Campbell do not even call . I be kick he out of the house tomorrow . dorothy stand in a dark corner of the room . Jennifer suppress the scare and go to she . jennifer dignity . ( then ) I have already get the word for 2002 . self -sufficient . dorothy that 's two . jennifer call it a hyphenate . thanks for all the help tonight . dorothy who be you call ? jennifer Vaughn . she should have be here by now . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 107 . continued : dorothy traffic 's probably a nightmare . oh , well , I be gonna go break up paige 's sex - fest . jennifer why ? dorothy you know girl like paige . they be fine when they be fool around , but the morning after , they complain about how sleep with strange guy destroy they self - esteem . I do not want to hear it . ( then ) like she have know how that feel . jennifer I think she do . dorothy that 's 's cause you be a pretty girl . hurt be finite for you species . dorothy spit out a bitter laugh . jennifer dorothy . dorothy just kid . it 's the champagne . where 's Adam ? jennifer hopefully , in bed . dorothy Men . they lie . they keep secret . every last one . he could be Jeremy , you know . Adam . ever think of that ? jennifer do not even joke . dorothy how do you know if deep inside that gorgeous man of yours lurk a psychopath ? you do not know much about he . you know where he office be . how he laugh . the size of he dick . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 108 . continued : stung , mind racing , Jennifer withdraw from the verbal blow . jennifer enough . dorothy you and I need to cut they loose . self -sufficient . see ? you already forget . jennifer go to bed , dorothy . dorothy even if Adam be not the bad guy , he still cut you up pretty nicely . dorothy level a defiant gaze and go . Jennifer collapse into a chair . deposit she phone on the table , she pour herself a glass of champagne . dissolve to : int . kitchen - night Jennifer finish straighten up . move to the sink , she notice Adam 's rise still sit in its glass of water . Jennifer pick it up and hit a switch . the garbage disposal rumble to life . Bud side down , Jennifer feed the rise into the grinding gear until it 's nothing but a three inch piece of mangle stem . she sweep up she cell phone again . ext . mansion - night bulg trash bag in hand , cell phone wedge between ear and shoulder , Jennifer head for the garage . there 's nothing but ringing on the other end . outside , the night be dead , and she 's alone . realizing this , Jennifer quicken she pace . ext . garage - night still on she phone , Jennifer open a already cramme trash bin and shove one of the bag into it . she move to the next when she hear -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 109 . continued : muffled ringing . Jennifer stop . be she crazy ? she shift she phone to the other ear , open another trash can and deposit a second bag . more ringing . Jennifer zeroe in on the SOUND . it 's come from the last trash can . every shrill ring twist she stomach in knot . Jennifer go into a defensive stance . fill with trepidation , she pull away the lid . on jennifer as she mouth open in a horrifying scream . the cell phone slip from she ear , and smashes to the pavement . plastic go fly , but Jennifer do not notice . her eye be lock on -- jennifer 's Pov Vaughn 's twisted face stare back at she from its dank , metal prison . her throat be a mess of congeal blood . her body be crumpled and lifeless . her police phone ring one last time , then stop . discard on top of the entire mess be -- the dry clean receipt . Adam 's valentine . Jennifer 's ved handwrite be still scrawle across it . " i.0.u. some t.l.c. this p.m. '' back to scene Jennifer be too freeze to reach for it . a sharp , nauseate terror flow down through every inch of she body . she look back to the house -- there 's a light on in dorothy 's room . Jennifer reach for she break phone . tries to get a signal . impossible . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 110 . continued : a scream be ready to erupt from the bottom of Jennifer 's gut , but she stop herself . she have to keep she wit together . she have to get she friend out of there , and there 's only one way -- the way lover have do it for century . Jennifer scoops up a handful of rock from the driveway . she sneak up to dorothy 's window , hide herself behind a row of hedge . the first rock sail into the air . miss . jennifer ( fierce whisper ) dorothy ! another rock . ping , as it hit the window . no answer . another . another. another . jennifer dorothy ! Adam 's face appear in front of Jennifer . he 's hear the ruckus , peer through the open curtain of a first - floor window . Jennifer step out of sight . suck ina terrify breath . Adam stare out into the night . Jennifer look at she palm . there be a few rock leave . she step back and hurl the handful at a bank of window just down from Adam . ping . ping . ping . he let the curtain fall back into place and go to investigate . Jennifer bolt out of she hide place , tear around the house , and arrive at the back door . int . kitchen - night Jennifer slip inside . hug the wall . shoot for -- int . ballroom - night it 's darker in here . Jennifer weave she way through the cabaret table . her gaze be lock on -- foyer and staircase she skirt another table , be almost out of the maze , when she dress catch on a chair , which catch on another , which pull the tablecloth , which tip the crystal champagne flute . they teeter , but Jennifer steady they with shaky hand . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 111 . continued : adam ( 0.s. ) hi. one of the flute teeter again and crash to the floor . stomach churn , Jennifer turn to find she wild - eye boyfriend -- just foot away . jennifer you scared I . adam I be sorry . he touch she bare shoulder . Jennifer hold back tear . adam you be freezing . be you outside ? jennifer no. adam I hear a door shut . jennifer oh , yeah . I be just put some empty bottle out on the back step . I be just too exhaust to make a trash run tonight . adam I 'il finish the rest of it tomorrow . Adam pull away and cross to the stereo . in a instant , a supersexy , super - slow version of " I can ’t give you anything but love " seep through the speaker . adam dance with I . she do not know what to do . she do not know if he know that she know . she 's afraid he will kill she if she resist . he take she in he arm , and they begin to slow dance to the song . his body press against she . his hand run down she spine , and she shudder in terror . adam I screw up , Jen . I be sorry . she will herself to stay calm . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 112 . continued : jennifer you ... you have a few drink . it 's not the end of the world . adam no. Jen 's disappointed . jennifer no. Jen 's stupid . and sanctimonious . and demand . ( then ) you be a great guy . adam I be a drunk . who get out of control . it scare you . jennifer you feel thing . and if I can not see that ... adam you be always a good listener . he pull back and look into she eye . she try to accept he stare , must not fall apart . she gently put she head on he shoulder . tear of fear and horror moisten she eye as he bury he head in she hair , take in she fragrance . quickly , he move to she lip , maneuver she over to a cabaret table , and push she back . his body press against she . his hand run down she leg , and she tremble . he jerk at the front of she dress . unclasp he belt . jennifer I go off my birth control . he stop . jennifer do you have ... adam in my wallet ? gentlemen do not really do that , Jennifer . jennifer there 's one in my purse . he bore deep into she . Jennifer 's mind whirl . wait for she chance to escape . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 113 . continued : jennifer I want you . the sound of she voice be fearful . Adam misconstrue it for heat anticipation . adam I will wait here . she slide out from under he and dart across the dance floor . int . staircase - night out of Adam 's sight , Jennifer zoom up the step . int . upstair hallway - night numb , she keep move down the hall . her footstep sound like cannon fire . her every sense be in overdrive . the door to dorothy 's bedroom be part way open . jennifer dorothy . she throw open the door . int . dorothy 's bedroom - continuous action disaster . the vanity be overturn . sheet , stripped violently from the bed , lie in a lumpy heap on the floor . next to they , the cherub necklace . adam ( 0.s. ) Jennifer ! she race out . int . master bedroom - night explode into the master bedroom . Jennifer 's cry , now . wet , fierce , hysterical tear . jennifer dorothy , answer I ! she take a sweep of the room . it 's empty . from master bedroom terrace the jacuzzi motor chug . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 1214 . ext . master bedroom - terrace - continuous action steam slip out from under the jacuzzi cover and float into the winter sky . Jennifer move to it and turn off the motor . a gurgle of water spurt from beneath the cover . it spray the white skirt of Jennifer 's dress . she look down at the pink stain as the churning , foamy water finally settle . Jennifer glance at the plastic jacuzzi top . paige 's bloat face rise to the surface . her mouth be open in a silent wail . Jennifer choke on she sob and stumble back inside . int . master bedroom - continuous action Jennifer trip over the floor cushion , fall . Adam 's face appear in the doorway . adam good idea . he start for she . Jennifer spy the empty champagne bottle . jennifer get away from I ! she sweep it up and bashes he in the groin . rocked by the blow , Adam fall back into the hallway and scream . Jennifer dart out of the room . int . upstair hallway - continuous action on he knee , block she path to the main staircase , a enraged Adam writhes on the ground . Jennifer turn , bolt for the service staircase at the far end of the hall . adam Jennifer ! CUT to : int . service stairwell - night she explode through the door and onto the landing , but there 's nothing to stop she forward momentum . the banister be go . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 115 . continued : she 's fall before she even realize it . her foot catch in between two of the break banister slat . there 's a cruel SNAP as she ankle twist , but it alter she path from straight down to a diagonal flight through the air and onto the staircase . falling down the stairway . her body slamm into and roll over each step with sicken thud . down . down . to ... first floor she come to a terrifying rest next to the service entrance . Jennifer be motionless , stunne . gasp to replace the wind knock out of she lung . her hand touch the bloody pool that seep underneath she . she touch it . touches herself . tries to assess the damage to she body . turn and realize that it 's not she blood -- it 's ruthie 's . rigor mortis have set in , but blood still seep from the gape wound in she stomach . ' two splinter banister slat be still embed in the soft tissue . Jennifer struggle to get up , hurt , disorient , she dress slick with red . she look up to the top of the stairway . see no one . Jennifer try the door . lock . she turn and push through another one . int . first floor hallway - continuous action Jennifer look down the long corridor . the entryway and front door loom at the opposite end . escape . she go for it . limp , then run . gritting at the pain . her body become a machine , a fulcrum of perpetual motion bear of she instinct to survive . she 's halfway down the hall . pass a maze of close door . and then -- the cherub step into view -- block she way . Jennifer 's body try to catch up with she mind as she stop she forward momentum , spin around , and scramble back the way she come . feet pounding across the floor . she see all the close door but do not know where they lead , she breathe labor , and the thudding of heavy feet behind she and run , run , oh God run ! she throw herself through a swinging door and find herself in the -- script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 116 . int . dine room - continuous action there 's another door at the opposite end of the expansive , overly formal room . she charge for it . int . study - continuous action Jennifer freeze as she take in the study . the leather - panele wall . the taxidermied bear in the corner . the giant mahogany desk -- with the gun in it ! she fly for the desk . slide behind it . tries the phone . the line be cut . she rummages through the center drawer . just pricey pen and paper clip . she hasten for another drawer . find the gun and the box of bullet . footstep stop outside the study door . Jennifer sweep up the gun and bullet and rush to the louver closet at the end of the room . int . closet - continuous action Jennifer shut herself inside . fumble with the awkward cargo in she hand . she drop to the floor , burrow back underneath the winter coat , umbrella , and two pair of foot ! Frank and lauren wheeler hang by they neck from the closet bar . they purple face be freeze in agony . lauren 's toe brush against Jennifer 's face . she scramble away , be about to scream when -- the study door open . Jennifer shake uncontrollably . Fighting against the urge to pass out . try to load the gun . several bullet drop to the floor with a clatter . footstep approach the closet . Jennifer 's breath be spastic . her finger scramble to fit the bullet in the chamber . the footstep be get closer . Jennifer center herself in front of the door . the knob turn . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 117. continued : a finger tense against the trigger . bam ! bam ! bam ! the bullet tear apart the louver and thrust the door open . Rough , irregular light bathes the closet . Jennifer creep out and scan the floor . it 's empty . no body . dust three gape hole in the opposite wall . Jennifer stare at they , unbely , ready to break down when -- tiffany begin to sing . " I think we be alone now " be cranked up to deafen proportion . Jennifer reload , get to she foot . the ankle pain be really start to kick in . int . hallway - continuous action she keep go . mind over -alert . hear sound from everywhere , above she , behind she . look back down the hall , see the empty foyer , decide to go for it . Jennifer charge , every cell focus on one thing -- the front door . her ankle give way , but she keep run . the marble floor of the foyer gleam . it 's almost within she reach . she close in when -- a crash come from the foyer . Jennifer freeze . cornere . finally lose it , she backtrack down the hall . she spot a open doorway . move to it . peer into the darkness . there 's a steep , wooden stairway that lead into the basement . Jennifer contemplate enter . contemplate fainting . she do not see -- behind she -- another door open -- just a crack at first -- and then swinging open wide -- a blur of a figure lung at she as -- Jennifer turn . see the mask face . put up she hand to block the blow . Impact ! the gun go fly . so do Jennifer and the cherub , fall backward through the basement door and into the darkness . int . basement staircase - continuous action it 's a twisted , crash jumble of limb . body fall end over end . hit the cement floor with a bone-crunch smack . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 118 . continued : Jennifer lie limp and facedown on top of the cherub . she stir , get she bearing . shiver , virtually comatose , she drag she injure body toward the staircase . never take she eye off she attacker . she reach the first step when -- the cherub bolt upright . Jennifer freeze . bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! the bullet rip into the tuxedo shirt , drive the cherub back and to the floor . Adam stand halfway down the stair . in he hand , the smoking gun . he rush to Jennifer . put he arm around she . adam be you okay ? Jennifer nod . she 's slip into shock . on basement floor the cherub be lifeless . head cruelly twisted away from they . Adam start for the body . jennifer stay away from he ! Adam rip the mask off , revealing -- dorothy . jennifer no ! Jennifer try to crawl to she friend . Adam shield she with a embrace . adam do not look at she . CUT to : int . ballroom - night Adam 's on he cell phone . stun , overcome , Jennifer sit nearby . stare at she shaking hand . ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 119 . continued : adam it 's at the top of the street . on the right ... please , hurry . he disconnect and slide next to Jennifer . adam the police be on they way . jennifer ( in she own world ) I can not believe it . she be happier than I have ever see she . adam shhh . jennifer she be my best friend . adam I know . Jennifer look at herself . the blood stain . the uncontrollable tremor . now , the tear come . she bury herself in Adam 's chest . adam but when you be that lonely , that unhappy , you learn to hide it . never disappear , though . it just stay inside and eat away at you . jennifer I love she . adam sometimes that 's not enough . she search he eye , and he smile . jennifer I love you . adam I know . he pull she close . jennifer I be so sorry . for the way I have be . for how we have treat each other -- ( continued ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library 120 . continued : adam shhh . it 's over , sweetheart . it 's over . her sob be fierce . Adam smoothes she hair . rub she back . comfort she like the best boyfriend in the world . adam baby , it 's over . his eye be strong and steely . his arm hold she tight . Jennifer never see the trickle of blood , drip from he nose . the end script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library