valentine's day written by Katherine fugate current revision by Abby kohn & Marc silverstein 2/18/9 director : garry Marshall Producers : Mike karz , Wayne Rice Studio : New line cinema fade in : ext . flower mart - downtown L.A. - 4:30 a.m. the sun be not even up yet , but a sea of amazonian red rose shine under the light of the downtown flower mart . more than 80 vendor begin they day , readying they stall at the downtown flower mart where angeleno come to buy the freshest , most extravagant flora in town . it 's always springtime here . int . reed bennett 's house - mid - wilshire - 5 a.m. reed bennett ( late 20 ) wake up easily , naturally . handsome , rugge . smile on he face , happy to be alive . he look at the clock beside he . 5 a.m . softly , he turn he head . morley clarkson ( late 20 ) , lay sound asleep beside he . reed get up . pull on pajama bottom . then reach under the bed , and pull out a small box . open it . the perfect engagement ring inside . he sit on the bed , look at she sleep face . softly pull she leave hand out from under the pillow . reed now hold she naked leave hand . when morley wake up . catch the scene . she start to say something , but : reed I know you do not like a big , mushy , romantic scene . no skywrite . no write you name in flower petal . she laugh . reed ( cont 'd ) just you and I . together . and frankly , that 's all I want . that 's all I need . I love you morley . will you marry I ? he look at she , expectantly . and breathes a sigh of relief as she smile . ext . reed bennett 's house - 5:40 a.m. reed , now wear a dark blue mechanic style jacket with the word '' rita flora '' on the back , athletically barrel down the stair . Energy high . excitement on he face . he get inside a delivery van . 2/18/9 2 . int . rita flora delivery van - continuous reed hop into the passenger side . alphonso , 40s and from El salvador , be at the wheel . he look at reed , study he . alphonso she say no . I know it . reed you do ? alphonso I just mean - reed she say yes . alphonso that 's great ! reed why would she say no ? alphonso I do not know why I say that . I prepare for the worst . part of the immigrant mentality . but - she say yes ! reed regains he enthusiasm . reed she say yes . she say yes . I be still try to process . morley be actually go to marry I . I be get marry . and today I can be the kind of cheeseball who tell random people at the ATM about it because it 's Valentine 's Day and people be all about love today . alphonso pull the van away , nearly hitting a passing car . road rager ( v.o. ) will you use you freaking turn signal you freaking pansy ? alphonso turn to reed , who smile as they pull away . int . ktla - 5:58 am the set of the ktla news be a flurry activity as the morning show be about to go on the air . 2/18/9 3 . kelvin , late 30 , African - american , walk briskly through the set , hold a piece of paper . he spot susan , 5as , across the stage , and make a bee-line for she . as he approach , he hold up the paper . he 's clearly annoyed . kelvin what the hell be this ? Susan half - smile , seem to enjoy he frustration . susan that 's you assignment , kelvin . kelvin my assignment ? since when do I get assignment ? susan since there 's nothing else go on . Susan turn and walk through the stage , kelvin follow . kelvin I be the sport anchor , Susan . there 's always something go on . susan the Super bowl be last week . there be only two NBA game tonight . no one give a crap about hockey . like I say , there 's nothing go on . kelvin actually I be work on something big - Susan stop , get a little annoyed . susan what be you work on kelvin ? be another one of the Cincinnati bengal arrest ? you get a tip on another referee fix basketball game ? oooh - maybe you have get a exclusive one on one with Michael vick 's dog trainer ? kelvin ummm - no - 2/18/9 4. susan it 's Valentine 's Day . all I want be you basic man on the street remote about what this day mean to people . I want happy . I want romance . I want love . kelvin and you should have that . but , seriously Susan - I be not the right guy . I hate Valentine 's Day . least favorite holiday . it 's not even a holiday , really , we do not get the day off . so we have to go to work and buy shit for people we might not even know in two week ? no thanks . Susan laugh - susan come on - kelvin I be serious . it 's the single man 's worst nightmare . I shut down dating from New year Eve till president Day just to avoid the whole thing . save I a lot of cash and heartache . Susan look at he , almost sympathetically . susan well , be that as it may - you be a professional . I know you do not like soccer but you give that galaxy score with a smile on you face . you will do fine . she turn and leave he stand there . ext . flower mart - downtown L.A. - 6:00 a.m. open for business and already crowded with wholesale buyer readying for the busy day of the year . row and row of commercial floral delivery van . alphonso park the van . reed hop out . behind he , two more delivery van bear the rita flora name park beside he . two latino driver stand outside , wait for he . 2/18/9 5 . reed you three pick up all the rose from Sam and load they in the truck . I have to find something for morley . something spectacular . int . airplane - 6:00 a.m. jumbo jet . Long , overnight flight . all the passenger be asleep , fervently lose in they individual dream . a flight attendant rub she sleepy eye . get up . she pin a heart on she lapel : happy Valentine 's Day . smack it and it blink red . she begin she hourly round . couple after couple asleep . until she stop at one . a white woman , kate , ( 30 ) , in a military uniform , have fall asleep on the shoulder of holden , ( 30 ) a African - american man . he lean into she , comfort by she warmth . the Flight attendant pull up the single blanket , wrapping they both tighter into a cocoon . ext . flower mart - vendor - 6:30 a.m. as reed walk the aisle empty-hand , he 's jostle by all the other buyer , load down with fresh flower . unperturbed by the rudeness , reed keep smile , wishing all the vendor , by name , a good morning . finally , reed find a heavyset italian ex - New Yorker with coffee spill down he shirt , guiseppe ( 5as ) . reed walk right behind the counter and smack a kiss on guiseppe 's cheek . reed guiseppe . I need you . guiseppe great . but could you stand camera right ? you be block my good angle . guiseppe point to a three - man camera crew shoot close - up of all the flower . kelvin , now wear a suit , on - air make - up , be quite debonair . reed morley say yes so I be gonna need something -- 2/18/9 6 . guiseppe look at he . guiseppe she say yes ? reed yes . what be the deal with you guy ? she want to marry I - I swear . guiseppe hug he . guiseppe that 's great news . reed but I can not just give she rose today . I need to find something amazing . guiseppe I think I have the perfect thing . reed yeah ? guiseppe it 's in back . in the back guiseppe - follow by reed - go deep into the refrigerator . pull out something in a long , black close BOX . reed what 's in it ? he start to open it . but guiseppe stop he with a loud gruff . guiseppe no ! do not open it until it 's just the right time . reed the right time ? guiseppe just trust I , reed . I have this handpick and fly over from Thailand , just in case you need magic . 2/18/9 reed really ? guiseppe well , also , damon wayan shop here and I think he might like it - but you get here first . reed delicately take the box . reed thank you , guiseppe . you be the best . back out front reed , with the black box , and guiseppe return . kelvin approach , smile politely at reed , then say to guiseppe : kelvin Sir ? if we can just get a few word from you on camera , then we will be do . kelvin turn to the camera crew . they start roll . kelvin ( into mic ) we be here at the downtown flower Mart in Los Angeles with wholesale dealer guiseppe carletti , where Valentine 's Day start at three a.m. guiseppe , on average , how many red rose be sell on Valentine 's Day ? guiseppe be stare into the camera . reed nudge he . guiseppe the Captain and tennille be marry on Valentine 's Day . use to non-sequitur camera shock , kelvin try again . kelvin approximately 110 million red rose be sell in America on Valentine 's Day , be I right ? guiseppe so be meg Ryan and Dennis Quaid , but that do not end so well . never understand why . she 's hot , that meg Ryan . ( more ) 2/18/9 8. guiseppe ( cont would ) I would not mind deliver she flower , if - you-know - what - I -mean . guiseppe nod suggestively to camera . reed step in , protective . reed 110 million . that 's correct , kelvin . and California produce about sixty percent of they . kelvin and you name , sir ? reed smile easily into the camera . reed reed bennett . owner of rita flora on La brea and Sixth . kelvin ah , as a florist , you must hear quite a few storey on Valentine 's Day . do you believe in love ? reed Hell , yes . Love be still the most shocking act leave on the planet . reed smile . electric . kelvin know a sound bite when he hear it . smile in the camera : kelvin back to you , Cynthia . signal the end . the camera turn off . kelvin thank you . guiseppe reed of course . you be welcome . follow kelvin as he move off with he crew : kelvin that 's a start . now , where else do they keep the delude people ? the guy walk off . guiseppe and reed watch they go . guiseppe , baffle , turn to reed : 2/18/9 9 . guiseppe do I just tell the news that I want to give it to meg Ryan ? int . dr . harrison copeland condo - morning on julia persinger ( late 20 ) , beautiful , quirky , sit up in bed , smile as she watch : dr . harrison copeland ( 40s , distinguished ) , a reproductive endocrinologist ( fertility expert ) put on he tie . the tv set be on in the background . beat , as Harrison turn and take she in . he clearly love she . she catch he look at she , smile . julia do not leave today . harrison I tell you yesterday , I have to fly up to San Francisco . julia but it 's Valentine 's Day . harrison I know . and you face be the first thing I want to see this morning . but I have two in vitros at the clinic today . you can not tell follicle when to burst . she move around the condo now . black and grey . very male . as Julia reach for she clothes , sexy red lingerie : harrison ( cont ’d ) what about you ? be you really go to that dinner tonight ? julia I do not know . it technically be only for single people . but since you be gonna be go I have get nothing else to do . and it 's really important to kara . it ’sa tradition . harrison you do not really hate Valentine 's Day , do you ? 2/18/9 10 . Julia be now a whirl , get dress . shoe fly , skirt pull on . tugging a brush through she hair . try to catch up and get ready to leave when he leave . julia a recently divorced , handsome doctor such as yourself do not know what it 's like to be single . but for we unhitch gal , well , it suck . it 's like some sort of cosmic bitch - slap for singlefolk . the Universe say , '' hey you ! remember what it feel like when you still have brace and cystic acne and no one want to ask you to winter formal ? well , nothing 's change ! '' Harrison smile . harrison I would take you to winter formal . and I definitely would have prescribe you some retin a for the skin . she smile back at he , but she attention be pull to the tv screen . reed ( 0.c. , on tv ) ..- Love be still the most shocking act leave on the planet . Julia smile big . kelvin ( on tv ) ... thank you , reed bennett of rita flora . julia I love that place . they have the most beautiful flower . Harrison take this in . smile at the joy on she face . ext . larchmont blvd - morning three high school girl , all wear the standard marlborough uniform , burst out of Starbucks on larchmont , full of adolescent energy . they sip they chai latte as they amble down the street . high school girl # 1 Flowers make I sad . 2/18/9 11 . high school girl # 2 I know . they die . high school girl # 1 right ? what kind of gift be that ? high school girl # 2 one that 's try to send a message . everything die . get use to it . as the girl continue to talk , we close in on janice ( 18 ) who lag behind they , look at she phone . close on : the phone she have one new text . from someone name alex . it read : '' today be the day ! " she smile , somewhat shyly , as she read this , then begin to type she response . ext . loyola high school - lacrosse field - morning the loyola High School boy lacrosse practice be wind down . alex , 18 , still in uniform , with helmet off , stand on the sideline watch the second string run some drill . his phone , which sit in he helmet on the ground , buzy . he pick it up , read the return text from janice : '' yes ! ye he smile in anticipation . ext . apartment - day a 1940s four-plex on spauld . the typical just - move - to - L.A. - in-your -20s crash pad . int . apartment - same this apartment all have the same floor plan - all of the room off of a long , narrow hallway . in one of the bedroom we find jason and liz ( both mid 20 ) curl up under a sheet . the decor say 25 year old messy guy . jason hello . Liz smile shyly at he . 2/18/9 12. liz hi. jason I be use to see you every morning -- but not exactly like this . she laugh . liz would you prefer I be naked and wrap in a sheet when you drop package at my desk ? jason as a matter of fact , I would . I do not think that would be break any kind of office regulation . he put he arm around she , and they start to kiss passionately . liz this , however , might start to draw attention ... Jason laugh . jason how be it possible that we do not start hang out until three week ago ? liz I do not know . maybe you be scoping out some of the other assistant ... jason I do not think so . they kiss again . they be all smile , as Liz glance at the clock . liz so , I guess I better get go soon ... jason uh , ok . great . she hesitates for a moment , wait for something . 2/18/9 13 . liz ( cont 'd ) well ... ok ... I guess I 'il just see you there ... she hesitates again , look at Jason . he look back at she . again - she 's wait for something . he 's clearly not sure what . and whatever it be do not come . she finally get up . int . car - day Liz drive a little Hyundai - pull up to a stoplight on beverly Blvd . Liz look out the window - and see Jason , on he vespa , wave to she . she give he a thin lipped smile . he motion for she to roll down she window . she do . jason hi. liz hi. Jason smile again at Liz . she force a smile back . it 's awkward as they wait for the light . it finally turn green . liz bye ! they mercifully pull away . ext . edgar & estelle 's house - back yard - morning french door open into the backyard . estelle ( 70 ) , she flaxen white hair , pale skin and full lip tell the story of a once great beauty , be still sleep in the bed . edgar ( 70 ) , a tall old - fashioned gentleman in a sweater with arm patch , walk slowly through the overgrown English garden , cut flower with a pair of garden shear . int . edgar & estelle 's house - bedroom - morning Edgar place the flower , now in a drink glass , with a box of chanel no. 5 perfume on the nightstand beside he sleep wife . he kiss she on the forehead , waking she gently . she stir , smile at the man she 's be marry to for 51 year . see the flower and perfume . 2/18/9 14 . estelle Edgar , we say we be not go to celebrate Valentine 's Day anymore . edgar I lie . estelle reach under she pillow . pull out a brand new pipe , wrap in a red ribbon . hand it to he . estelle so do I . int . edgar & estelle's house - kitchen - morning edison ( 10 ) sit at the kitchen table . a multi-pack of kid 's mini-box of cereal sit in front of he next to a empty cereal bowl . the kitchen tv be on in the background . Edison take he eye off the tv and look down at the store - buy box of valentine laid out in front of he . he find the biggest . he sign it , '' I love you . Edison . '' on the outside , he draw a simple heart and set it apart from the other . down the hallway Edgar and estelle walk , both dress now . she in she lipstick . he with slicked hair . both adhere to the old way of be '' dress '' for the breakfast table . she lean into he . he link she arm into he . they stop in the doorway , watch Edison write out he valentine . a sadness pass over estelle . estelle the boy miss he mother . every year , she be he Valentine . Edgar look at she , sympathetic . edgar we be do the best we can . together , they enter the kitchen . love smile now . in the kitchen where Edison refer to he class list and start address the rest when Edgar and estelle walk in . they both kiss they grandson , when estelle notice the empty cereal bowl . 2/18/9 15 . estelle what about you breakfast , Edison ? edison not hungry . I be in love . ext . malibu beach - morning running down the beach fluidly be sean jackson , 35 , clearly a athlete who 's stride leave not a ounce of waste motion . he approach a massive house right on the beach , run up the deck stair and into the house . int . malibu beach house - master bathroom - later Sean , just out of the shower , enter the impressive bathroom in a towel . he grab he toothbrush , begin to brush he tooth . look to he right at the other sink of the two sink vanity . it 's devoid of any personal item except for one toothbrush sit in a cup . Sean stare at it . finally he grab the lone toothbrush and toss it into the trash can at he foot . continue brush he tooth . int . malibu beach house - moment later Sean , now dress , enter from the kitchen hold a protein type shake . the tv be tune to espn - the morning edition of sportscenter . on the tv - the anchor sit at the familiar sportscenter desk , with a graphic of sean over he right shoulder . anchor with the NFL season officially over , the only linger question be - what will Sean Jackson do ? in the house - this clearly get Sean 's attention . he sit on he couch , watch . on the tv - the anchor continue : anchor ( cont ’d ) a devastating loss in the Super bowl last week leave he future with the charger in question . over footage of sean , at qb , various highlight plays . 2/18/9 16 . anchor ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) his contract be up , and at 35 , he 's not get any young . do the charger want he back ? if not , will he test the water of free agency ? or will he make this easier on everyone and just retire ? in the house - as Sean watch , that last line hit he hard . anchor ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) we expect a answer to all this question and more over the next few day ... Sean flip the tv off , not happy . he pick up the phone , dial . int . outpost home - morning a spare modern home up outpost . from overhead we find kara , 37 , sleep alone in perhaps the large bed available for purchase . she look like a 2 year old on a normal size bed . the phone ring , startling she awake . she crawl across the bed to she nightstand and hit the speaker button on her phone . kara hello ? sean ( on speaker ) kara - it 's Sean . kara hey . what 's go on ? kara sit up . she lean over and grab she laptop from the nightstand , open it up . intercut with ext . malibu beach house - same Sean now stand on he deck overlook the ocean . sean can not you stop this asshole on espn from talk shit about I ? kara um , no , not really . I 'ma publicist Sean , not a dictator . Sean 's pace he deck , think . kara type away on she laptop . 2/18/9 17 . sean ok . then I need to make a decision . I can not take this anymore . be you free today ? kara yeah , pretty much . kara keep type , half - engage in the conversation . sean I can hear you type . be you check you email while we be talk ? kara no. I be check my evite . Sean actually crack a smile . sean oh right . you '' I hate Valentine 's Day dinner '' . you still do that ? kara it 's a tradition . I and all my friend get together and share we mutual disdain for the holiday . it 's fun . sean it sound fun . kara no it do not . sean it sound like a nightmare . kara laugh . sean ( cont 'd ) expecting a big turnout ? kara I ' 11 tell you in a second . kara punch in the evite address . the site come up . on the screen - we see kara 's nicely design evite - the title '' I hate valentinea day dinner '' scrolling across the top . 2/18/9 18 . we move to the number of attendee line . the number follow it - 0 . with kara - as she squint she eye , not sure she 's read it right . she stare in shocked silence . sean so ? kara I gotta call you back . kara , slam she computer shut , hit the speaker button on she nightstand again , hop out of bed quickly . she grab she cell phone out of she purse , dial . int . rita flora - LA brea avenue - morning La brea Avenue . reed have turn a typical floral shop into a hip coffee spot , sell muffins and coffee to go . Fresh flower on every bistro table . the place be packed . Long line of customer buy flower from a already tired staff . reed be deftly manage the line at the very busy coffee counter . he hand coffee and muffins to a couple . reed here you go . I give you two banana nut for the price of one -- little engagement special . they couple smile as they take they goods . reed ( cont 'd ) who 's up next ? in honor of Valentine 's day - and my engagement - a good proposal story mean a free specialty drink . he be obviously skilled at entertaining the crowd . as he go to steam another latte - morley walk in . as soon as the staff- member see she -- they burst into applause . reed turn to see she and join in the cheer . reed ( cont 'd ) the future Mrs. bennett , lady and gentleman . staff member we be so happy for you two !! as they clap and congratulate she , she smile very uncomfortably . 2/18/9 she look he kiss 19 . morley I be not really expect this ... pleadingly at reed . reed morley really do not like people make a fuss over she - she - reed ( cont 'd ) so I just think we would carry she on we shoulder around the store like one time - two time top - they laugh . reed ( cont 'd ) I be kid . ( hand he apron to a clerk ) can you take over for I for a minute ? he usher morley into the back . reed ( cont 'd ) Nice to see you . fiance . that word be weird , right ? have you say it yet ? morley not yet . reed so , do you just come by to bask in the glow of we fiance - ness ? try say it once -- she reach into she purse - morley you actually just leave you cell phone charge on the kitchen counter - so I think I have drop it off . she go to hand he the phone with she left hand . reed that be sweet . thanks . 2/18/9 20 . morley of course . I know you need it when you be make delivery . redd look at she hand . no ring . she look up - see the hurt in this face . morley ( cont 'd ) do not be upset . it 's a beautiful ring . beautiful . it 's just - so big . and sparkly . reed that 's bad ? morley it 's just - a lot . I mean for work and stuff . reed yeah ? morley you know how woman get - they see the ring - and then next thing you know you be give the whole engagement story to a complete stranger . who want that ? morley look up at reed - who be suppress a smile . reed I do not know - that sound kind of nice . maybe I should wear the ring ? she laugh . morley I have always wonder why man do not have to wear engagement ring . they be engage , too . reed good point . I feel slighted . morley you be welcome to try mine . if you can pull of a emerald cut diamond with pave band - you be more of a man than I even think . he laugh , and kiss she . 2/18/9 21 . morley ( cont 'd ) well , I should let you get back to the mass out there . morley turn to go , and be wrap into a bear hug by alphonso . alphonso congratulation . morley thank you . he kiss she on the cheek . morley ( cont 'd ) oh. thanks . and on the other cheek . morley ( cont 'd ) okay . I should probably get go . aloofness I be so happy for you guy . she smile as he pull away . reed laugh . reed see you at home . fiance . she take off . int . airplane - morning kate wake up , startle to find herself wrap in someone else 's arm . she jerk up , immediately alert and contain . kate Excuse I , sir . Holden 's awake , and have be for over a hour . holden it 's just a shoulder . ona fourteen- hour flight , it 's the least I could do . kate you should have move I . I apologize for the inconvenience . kate adjust she uniform , put herself back together . 2/18/9 22. holden be you on active duty ? kate yes , sir . holden love one in Los Angeles ? kate do not answer . do not like the personal question . holden I be sure he ’1ll be happy to see you . kate I hope so . I have be on duty for two year now . Holden smile . holden will you be stay long ? kate I only have 24 hour leave in Los Angeles . holden ah , so you be a romantic . kate Excuse I ? holden fourteen hour to and from Iraq for one night with you husband ? I would call that romantic . she do not know how to take that . so she say nothing . int . julia' apartment - morning a two -bedroom Art Deco apartment on sycamore , one block from La brea . warm , invite . Julia , just out of the shower , walk through she live room in a towel . she grab she phone , see she have a message . she put it on speaker : kara ( on speaker ) hey , Julia , it 's kara . so , I be freaking out a bit . I be really hope you be come to my dinner tonight . ( more ) 2/18/9 23 . kara ( on speaker ) ( cont would ) it 's turn out to be a little - smaller - than I have hope . ok . call I . Julia delete the message . she think about it , pick up the phone and dial . julia ( into phone ) Harrison ? where be you ? int . porsche - pacific coast highway - morning from inside he convertible porsche , Harrison answer . harrison ( into phone ) I can not talk now , honey . I be about to pull into lax . I x11 call you when I land . he hang up . then pull up to the malibu colony gate . his face pain at the lie . int . copeland house - kitchen - morning Harrison walk in , carry he daughter olivia ( 10 ) on he shoulder , to find alexandra ( 40s ) , pour orange juice . olivia daddy be up all night deliver twins ! two baby from the same mommy . he put olivia down , walk over to he wife . kiss she . harrison sorry it take so long . we do not deliver until almost four , so I sleep at the condo . she smile , use to it . alexandra how would the delivery go ? harrison good . all thing consider . olivia pick up a large valentine . hand it to he . olivia this be for you . 2/18/9 24 . he open it . the childish pencil write of , '' I love you . olivia . '' he look at she , look at he wife . then suddenly , break . a few tear . no warning . then he shrug it off . olivia do not you like it , daddy ? harrison of course I do . daddy 's just tired , that 's all . he walk over to alexandra . kiss she deeply . alexandra what be that for ? harrison nothing . i’11l see you tonight . int . tattoo parlor - sunset strip - morning kelvin and he crew shoot close on a tattoo on a burly arm . half a woman 's name -- elizab -- still show . as the tattoo artist be complete the '' eth '' he say : tattoo artist ( as he work ) all day . name on shoulder , heart on ass crack . kelvin so it 's busy ? tattoo artist busiest day of the year . and it 's the gift that keep on give . kelvin why be that ? tattoo artist because I take off more name than I put on . you know why ? because --- he stop he work , point to tattoo on he arm : love be piss . tattoo artist that use to say Lucille . kelvin look at he crew . make the '' cut '' sign . 2/18/9 25 . int . rita flora - LA brea avenue - morning Julia enter rita flora , smile when she see reed behind the counter . she sidle up to he . julia I see you on tv this morning . '' Love be the most shocking act leave on the planet . '' that should be on a bumper sticker . but she smile , teasing . he go to the espresso machine , start make Julia 's coffee himself . he hand she the coffee . refuse she money . reed happy Valentine 's Day . julia thank you - but do not try to deflect . how do it go ? reed peek up at the line - grow longer by the second . but can not resist Julia 's expectant face . he turn to a clerk : reed Henry , you get this ? henry nod . reed step aside , to talk to Julia more privately . before he can start , she look at he face . julia oh , shit ... reed look at she . reed do anyone have any confidence in I ? she say yes . Julia smile big and hug he . julia yay ! that 's amazing . how much do she love that ring ? he hedge . not want to disappoint she . reed she think it be a beautiful ring , just not the right ring . Julia bite she lip , instantly sensitive for he . 2/18/9 reed it just be not she speed . it 's fine . julia I guess . but I feel like if Harrison and I ever get engage or anything , I have be happy with a cigar band . reed look a little take aback . reed wow . thing be go well with he , then ? julia yeah . he have to go to San Francisco today . I be think of surprising he . you know , fly up there and rock he world on the Golden Gate Bridge . too much ? reed I do not think so . julia really ? so if a girl do that for you , you would not be freak out ? reed no . I love spontaneity . Julia consider this , then smile . julia that 's true . I remember in college you make I drive around all night with you look for the perfect donut . that be spontaneous . reed and sicken . human be not mean to ingest that much fry dough . julia no they be not . reed smile . alphonso interrupt they . alphonso no mas raffia , boss . 2/18/9 27 . reed take the flight , Julia . Valentine 's Day be like New Year 's Eve . you do not think , you just go for it . he smile , and leave she think . int . caa - mailroom - day in the bowel of the agency , Jason , and he buddy , danny , sort a gargantuan pile of mail . this be not just any mailroom guy - this guy be good look , dress well , agent in the make . danny she would not even give you a ride in to work ? jason no , she would . she just think it 's better to keep it discreet , you know ? danny so why be you tell I ? he have a good point , but before Jason can respond , jed , a third mailroom guy enter , carry two giant flower arrangement . jed dude , I hate Valentine 's Day . why can not this pansy guy just go upstairs and deliver they flower to they girlfriend themselves ? Jason look confuse - and a little horrify . jason wait - what ? jed this guy just drop the stuff of at the curb - they do not want to take the time to - jason no - wait - it 's Valentine 's Day ? but it 's Monday . I think it be always on a Thursday . 2/18/9 28 . danny dude , that 's Thanksgiving . jed you be 25 . you have think that for 25 year ? that 's really weird . Jason look a little panicked . jason shit . I do not even say happy Valentine 's Day . Danny and jed start to laugh . danny and you have nothing plan ? jason no . but we have only be together a couple of week . maybe she do not expect anything . jed and Danny share a look . jed you be screw . off Jason , not like the sound of that . int . caa - day Liz sit at she tiny , neat assistant 's desk . she tap away at she computer when erin , she boss , approach . Liz tense . erin can I see the phone sheet ? Liz hand it to she . liz I still have not hear back from dominic about the conference call . erin I talk to he . he 's in London . he want to do the call tomorrow morning . Erin start to walk into she office . erin ( cont 'd ) that 's tomorrow morning London time . ( more ) 2/18/9 29 . erin ( cont 'd ) so , I need you to be here tonight to patch it through . as long as you be here by about 10 tonight it should be fine . Erin wait by the door to she office , wait for a answer . liz tonight ? erin yeah . we have be try to make this happen for week , so we really can not wait any longer . you do not have plan tonight , do you ? Liz hesitates momentarily , and then smile at she boss - the picture of efficiency . liz no . no plan . i1 x11 be here . Erin nod , and head back into she office . the phone ring . Liz dutifully pick up . int . chevrolet - morning Edgar drive he grandson Edison to school . Edison hold he valentine firmly in he lap . the biggest one -- with the single red heart on the envelope -- be on top . edison ( beat ) tell I the story about the postbox . edgar ( smile ) I have tell you that before . edison I know . it just make more sense now that I be in love . edgar I be nineteen . you grandma be eighteen . I be a architect . I work in the front office with a big window . you grandma would come out every morning and post the mail . then she have sneak a smoke . Edison put he hand over he heart . 2/18/9 30 . edison smoke be bad , I know . I solemnly swear never to smoke . go on . Edgar can not help but smile . edgar I think she be the prettiest girl I have ever see , so I get up my courage and wait by the postbox to say hello . edison only you do not say a word because you be afraid . edgar that 's right . so she push I aside , and say , '' move , big fella . '' edison but you keep come back every day until she agree to go out with you . Edison look at he , very seriously . digest it all . Edgar pull the car over in front of rita flora . edison you do not have to come in . I can do this myself . he 's out of the car , heavy backpack bob behind he . int . rita flora - LA brea avenue - morning Edison , a long line behind he , finally reach reed at the counter . edison I want to send a dozen red rose to the best girl at my school . Edison drop a stack of wrinkle dollar bill on the counter . reed pick up the money . count it . reed thirteen dollar . edison you can have all of it . Crescent elementary . you can mapquest it . he hand he the Valentine with the heart on the envelope . 2/18/9 31 . edison 5th period - like between 1 and 2 pm - would be ideal . just hand I the flower when you get there . I x11 take care of the rest . reed take the Valentine . look at Edison 's very serious , very in love face . make a decision . reed you get it . int . marlborough school - day Janice sit in a classroom with about 10 other girl , all focus on the teacher , ms. gilroy ( 27 , fragile ) , who be wrapping up class . ms . gilroy remember girl , registration for the ap exam must be in by next week , so do not flake . promise I . this class be way too hard to take just for fun . the bell ring and the girl swiftly pack up they thing and begin to head out . Ms. gilroy stop Janice as she leave . ms . gilroy ( cont ’d ) that last comment be not direct at you . I just realize it could have sound that way . janice that 's fine . I do not take it that way . ms . gilroy ok . even though , since you have already take the ap test , you be kind of take this class for fun . janice I take all my class for fun Ms. gilroy . Ms. gilroy do not know how to deal with this weird alien child . 2/18/9 ms . gilroy right . anyway , I be put together a little study group for the girl and I be wonder if I could pick you brain at some point about what I should focus on . you know , since you have recently take the test . and I - never do . janice sure - of course . ms . gilroy great . how about today after school ? janice oh , I can not . I nanny after school . ms . gilroy ok . tomorrow morning ? janice I teach yoga before school on wednesday and Fridays . you should come . I think it would be helpful . Ms. gilroy be not sure how to take that . ms . gilroy I ' 1l consider that . I be guess evening be out of the question ? janice yeah , I take a few class at ucla . ms . gilroy alright then . wow you be busy . how about today at lunch ? Janice smile . janice normally that would work - but today I be go to have sex with my boyfriend for the first time - or , I mean , to be accurate , I be go to have sex for the first time , he will be too , so - Ms. gilroy 's face freeze . ms . gilroy umm. ok . uh - 32 . 2/18/9 33 . janice yeah . it 's Valentine 's Day . and my parent work during the day . so it 's really the only time it can happen . Ms. gilroy be now speechless . she begin shuffle papers on she desk . janice ( cont 'd ) but tomorrow at lunch I be free . ms . gilroy ( want this to end ) great ! janice great . i’1l see you then . so excited . Janice hustle out , leave Ms. gilroy dumbfounded . int . caa - day Sean walk into the caa building , head for the receptionist . sean Sean Jackson here for Drew goss . the receptionist nod , dial a few number . as Sean wait , jason come walk by , wheeling he cart of package and mail . he drop some mail off at the front desk . he nod at Sean ( who he clearly recognize ) , Sean nod back . as he pass , Jason break out in a big smile . receptionist ( to Sean ) they will be right down . int . caa - agent office - same Sean and kara sit across from drew , Sean 's 28 year old superagent . drew so the charger have - pass . sean what ? drew they have decide not to pursue resign you . 2/18/9 34 . kara I be work on a press release say it be a mutual parting . Sean look at they both , head spin . sean ok . but - why ? we get to the Super bowl . I be second team all - pro - drew they wanna go in a different direction . they have get they sight set on that kid from Alabama - Sean rub he head , think . sean whatever - I do not ... so - now what ? drew now what ? it 's simple . now we pick a different team . I have get call from the bill , the Viking - Sean begin shaking he head . sean uh-uh . you be tell I I have get to move ? to buffalo ? be you insane ? I in buffalo ? drew ok - then we will pursue some other team - sean it 's not that man , it 's just - I do not know . maybe I be do . drew absolutely not . and I be not say this as a agent who make money off of you . I be say this as a fan - you can still play . Sean crack a smile . sean I know I can . I know . but - he turn to kara . 2/18/9 sean ( cont 'd ) kara , you get it , right ? kara I do . sean Drew - I know you have only be my agent for a few year , so you might not know - but this job have cost I a lot . Relationships . I want to be a father , man . but - drew you can still do all that stuff and play football Sean . sean not in this league you can not . not if you want to do it right . it 's too hard . trust I . Sean look at they both . sean ( cont 'd ) I need to think about this . Sean get up , head out the door . ext . rita flora - LA brea avenue - morning 35 . reed and alphonso be pack a delivery van with order . reed do you think it should bum I out she 's not wear the ring ? I try to go with simple and classic , but I do not think I nail it . it 's weird - I feel like I be always really try to get it right with she - and I always miss the mark a little . alphonso no , I do not think it should bum you out . reed why not ? alphonso I think it should bum you out when you stop try . 2/18/9 36 . they walk back into the store . int . rita flora - LA brea avenue - morning where reed see another long line . harried staff take order . he walk up behind the counter . grab another order slip . reed next ? it 's Harrison . only he 's walk around the line to the front . harrison May I speak to the manager ? reed I be the owner . harrison perfect . I hate to pull this card - but I be a doctor and I need to get back to the hospital - and I want to take care of this order myself . reed no problem . come over here and I ‘’1l write you up . reed walk he over to a side table . reed what can I do for you ? harrison I need you to deliver two arrangement for I . two dozen red rose for each -- lady . and I need you discretion . do you understand ? this be not the first time reed 's get a order like this . reed I understand . harrison I appreciate that . Harrison hand he two slip of paper . harrison here be the address . 2/18/9 37 . reed start write up the order . then freeze . reed let I see if I be understanding this correctly . this first order be for alexandra Copeland in malibu . that 's you wife ? harrison that 's right . reed and this second order be for Julia persinger at Crescent elementary school ? now , be Julia you daughter ? Harrison be uncomfortable . not a complete jerk . harrison no. now , look . I think we have a understanding . reed we do . I just want to make sure we be understanding the same understanding . harrison we be . he hand reed a credit card . reed take it . slide it through the machine . do he best to conceal he anger . int . crescent elementary - julia 's classroom - morning the room be full of 10 year old . Edison amongst they . there be several girl behind he , most notably madison , a very pretty blonde girl . Edison pay close attention to Julia , at the head of the class . julia okay . now we be go to put all we valentine into the envelope we make yesterday . she point to one wall , full of color construction paper envelope with name on they . julia but before we do that , a little history . ( more ) 2/18/9 38 . julia ( cont would ) back in ancient Rome , claudius the cruel ban all marriage because he only want he soldier to believe in war . but a priest name Valentine secretly marry everyone anyway because he believe in love . but when claudius the cruel find out , he arrest Valentine and throw he into prison . then , on February 14th , the day Valentine be to be execu -- Julia stop , look at the young face . thinks better of it . julia -- well , on February 14th , Valentine send a letter to he true love and sign it , '' farewell . from you Valentine . '' Edison throw up he hand . edison you be go to say execute ! executed equal kill ! they kill Valentine because he marry people in love ? julia it seem so , Edison . but be not it nice that every year people who believe in love , like he do , send valentine in he honor ? Edison nod in agreement . meanwhile , madison turn to gwen , sit behind she . madison do you bring the extras like I tell you ? gwen yes . madison pick through they , take a especially gooey one . she sign it : I love you , from Edison . gwen I think you like Edison ? you put he initial on the bottom of you shoe . madison look at Edison 's back . his head bent over gently . her eye narrow . clearly , he 's do she wrong . 2/18/9 39 . madison he do not like I back . I hate he . madison look around the class . land on rani , a shy indian girl . madison ( under she breath ) perfect . she write '' rani '' on the envelope and slip the '' I love you , Edison '' Valentine inside . julia okay . start deliver you valentine . we ’1ll open they after lunch . the class get up . as Julia watch , the child drop valentine into the brightly color envelope on the wall . ext . corner of melrose & hobart - day a CITY bus pull up to the corner and Alex hop out in he loyola school uniform . he hold a rather large duffel bag . he check he phone , which have a new text message from Janice . it read : almost there ! Alex quickly take off down the street . ext . melrose hill house - day Alex walk up the front lawn of a well - keep 1910 craftsman . he squat down in front of a large potted plant on the porch and fish out the spare key . he unlock the door , replace the key , and enter the house . int . melrose hill house - day Alex make he way to Janice 's bedroom and start unpack he bag . he pull out a bunch of candle , quickly set they up around the bed . he pull out a newly buy candle wand and hastily open it , lighting all the candle as fast as he can . he take out a box of condom and put they on the nightstand . then he undoe he tie , unbutton he shirt and strip down to he boxer . he hop on the bed , try to position himself suggestively for Janice 's entrance . 2/18/9 40 . he find that he 's stare at himself in the mirrore closet across the room . and he look really lame . he try another pose - on he side , propped up by he elbow - way too playgirl . he try sit cross -legge - now it look like he 's meditate amongst all the candle . finally he get up and throw a sheet over the mirror . as he 's try to get it to stay up , he hear the front door OPEN . he scramble back to the bed and lie down . he try to contain he excitement as he hear footstep come down the hall . then , as the footstep get to the bedroom door he see not Janice but she mom grace ( 40 , pretty ) walk past the open door . Alex panic and slide off the bed , knock over a candle . alex shit ! Grace run to the doorway , shocked to see Alex , in he boxer , try to get up . grace Alex ? alex Mrs. smart I be so sorry . Alex quickly try to blow out all the candle and gather he clothes . it 's not go well . grace what be you do ? alex I - uhh - I - be try to take a nap . grace with all this candle ? alex it relax I . Grace look at Alex , now with all he clothes in he arm , bag over he shoulder , still only in he boxer . grace I be sorry to interrupt you then . go back to sleep . 2/18/9 alex no , it 's fine . anyway . Alex hurriedly try to push squeezing through the door . foot and fall face first 41 . I need to go past Grace into the hallway , but in do so he lose he in the hall , bag and clothes fly everywhere . to he foot , but as he do he on the baseboard , ripping he foot . he quickly try to scramble boxer catch on the doorstop boxer off as he hop to he Grace try to avert she eye at the sight of Alex 's bare ass , and he quickly grab he clothes and bag and scurries outside , completely naked . ext . melrose hill house - day Janice pull up in she beat up camry and park in front of she house . she check herself in she rearview mirror , put on a little lip-gloss , fluffing she hair . then , behind she in the mirror she notice alex running down the sidewalk , naked , cover by the bundle of clothes in front of he . her eye open wide . he reach she car and hop in - out of breath . janice what happen ? alex mom. janice you mom ? alex yeah . my mom be at you house . janice oh. ( she look at he nakedness ) shit ! my mom ! what have you say ? alex that I be take a nap . janice nake ? 2/18/9 42 . alex no - the naked part come after I tell she that . janice wait - what ? alex seriously , there 's no explain this . just drive . she could be come out any second . Janice start the car and pull out . int . janice 's car - day Janice and Alex sit in she park car outside of loyola High School , Alex now fully dress . alex what about after school ? janice come on Alex , you know I nanny . alex right . can you skip you class tonight ? janice skip class ? do you know I at all ? alex sorry . and I work tonight until 11 . crap . they both sit there in silence , think . alex ( cont 'd ) look , maybe we be just put too much pressure on it be today . the whole point initially be to do it before we go off to college - and we still have 6 month before that . janice I be think about go to the summer program at Yale - you know , to get a head start . that 's June . alex ok , so 4 month . that 's stilla long time . 2/18/9 43. Janice do not like the sound of that . janice no , no , no . it 's gotta be today . when someone ask I when I first have sex , I do not wanna say '' oh , I do not quite remember , some random day between February and June of my senior year . '' it 's gotta be special Alex . and today be special . Alex look at Janice , see how serious she be about this . alex ok . just - give I some time . in 1l figure this out . I promise . Janice look at he , soften . she nod . he lean in and give she a kiss , then hop out of the car and head toward school . int . caa - day Liz sit at she desk , type wildly fast . Jason approach , wheeling a cart with package . he approach Liz with some trepidation . jason hey . she look up . liz oh. hey . she go right back to work . hardly a warm greeting . jason do not I see that shirt yesterday ? he 's try to make a joke . she do not laugh . he 's clearly gotta try harder . jason ( cont 'd ) look , I do not know that today be Valentine 's Day . I think it be the second Thursday -- her look say she 's not buy it . 2/18/9 44 , jason ( cont 'd ) I swear . I know it sound stupid - but I always do stupid stuff . ask my mom —- he pick up she phone - jason ( cont 'd ) here . you wanna call she ? maybe she will tell you about the time I get trap in a volleyball net -- she crack a smile . he 's clearly try . jason ( cont 'd ) happy Valentine 's day . she soften . liz thank you . jason so , can I take you out tonight ? liz well , I kind of already say I would - jason I will hook up something great - she consider this . liz yeah , ok . that sound good . jason cool . he turn to go , with he cart . liz you be not gonna deliver that ? jason this be actually decoy . I just want to have a reason to come talk to you . she laugh . liz really well engineered plan . I totally fall for it . 2/18/9 45 . he smile as he head back to the elevator . ext . sunset blvd . - echo park - day a large inflatable rat be park in front of a pep boy , stop traffic . kelvin and the camera crew interview a petite round chola ( 18 ) . eyebrow single slashes of orange liquid liner . chola I be hot like jalapena , sex he up whenever he want . I would have do anything for that vato , but still he whore around . she point to the rat . a sign around its neck : CISCO martinez be a cholo rat whore . kelvin ( point to the rat ) have he see it ? she look back at the open bay of the pep boy , where all the employee be laugh and point , except one : CISCO ( name embroider on he work shirt ) who pretend not to notice as he angrily work on a buick , cranke up on hydraulics . chola smile . extremely pleased . chola no . I do not think he have . know full well , he have . int . vine american party store - day kara slowly make she way around the store , a explosion of Valentine 's Day decoration . she halfheartedly fill she cart with red streamer , hang heart , etc . she start to make she way to the back , but the aisle be block by the cart of a young couple who be goof around , try different Valentine 's Day hat and glass on each other . kara wait patiently for they to notice she , but it 's not happen . then they start making out as kara spectate . she can not believe this . it 's like the longest kiss on record . finally , kara 's have enough . she take she cart and ram it into theirs , which in turn ram into they , break they embrace . kara give they a small smile as she pass . 2/18/9 46 . kara sorry . as kara turn down the next aisle , she phone ring . she pick it up . kara ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) hey Jan. jan ( 0.s. ) I have get kelvin Briggs for you . kara from ktla ? tell he I x11 call he back . jan ( 0.s . ) he 's call 15 time already . kara Fine . put he on . kara throw a few balloon in she cart . jan ( 0.s. ) kara , you be on with kelvin . kara hey kelvin . what can I do for you ? intercut with ext . sunset blvd . - echo park - day kelvin stand a few foot away from he crew , on the phone . the huge rat be in the background . kelvin well , the press release just come off the wire ... kara and ... kelvin and I know that Sean 's not gonna want this to drag on for too long . he 's gonna make a decision soon . so here 's what I be think . when he do decide - whatever he decide , whether to play for another team or god forbid retire - I think you should give the exclusive to I . local player give big story to local sport guy . it 's a win-win . 2/18/9 47 . kara smile at he forwardness . kara yeah , but both win be for you . kelvin well , not necessarily - kara look kelvin , I do not know what to tell you . I be sure this be just gonna be you usual , run of the mill press conference . I do not think there 's any exclusive to be have here . but I appreciate the ambition . happy Valentine 's Day . kelvin grimace . kelvin yeah right . I can not wait for this day to be over . kara smile . kara you and I both . bye kelvin . she hang up . kara make she way to the register , start unload she stuff . as the cashier start to ring it up - cashier wow . someone 's have a big - kara seriously , do not . the cashier go back to he job , chasten . int . sean's mercede - day Sean drive down Little Santa monica , classical music blaring . he 's lose in think . oblivious , he turn left too quickly -- rear ending a rita flora van . he get out and approach the van - as alphonso get out of the driver side , not happy . Sean be instantly apologetic . sean I be so sorry man . 2/18/9 48 . alphonso you should pay more attention , guy . sean I know . I do not know what 's wrong with I today . Sean pull out he wallet , hand alphonso a card . sean ( cont 'd ) just call my business manager - he 's get all my info . alphonso take the card . alphonso must be nice . alphonso turn to check out the damage to the back of the van - in the collision the back door have pop open . Sean notice the back filled with flowers . sean man . that many people get flower deliver ? alphonso it 's Valentine 's Day . kind of a big day , flower - wise . sean no - I know . I just mean - why would you get flower deliver when you could just go buy they and give they at home ? it seem more personal that way . alphonso 's have a tough time with the damage door . alphonso people like to get flower at they place of work . they like a public declaration . it 's like - love do not exist until you acknowledge it in front of people . Sean take this in . alphonso finally get the door to stay shut , head back to the driver 's side . alphonso ( cont ’d ) keep you eye open friend . he shut the driver side door . Sean stand there and watch alphonso pull away - a smile growing on he face . 2/18/9 49 . he whip out he cell phone and dial . sean ( into phone ) hey kara , it 's Sean . I make my decision . Sean hop in he car , take off . int . rita flora van - day alphonso drive down little Santa monica . he check he rearview mirror - see : ext . back of the van - day the door OPEN again . several flower arrangement fall out , hit the ground ina kaleidoscope of glass and color . card hit the pavement . we narrow in on one card : edison 's envelope with the simple red heart . ext . little santa monica - beverly hill - continuous alphonso pull over quickly . pick up he cell phone . ext . santa monica blvd . - beverly hill - day quickly , reed and alphonso be transfer all the floral arrangement from alphonso 's bum van to reed 's van . reed be upset , throw off he game . reed this be ridiculous . there 's easily several hundred dollar worth of damage here . we be already behind on we delivery schedule . and then I find out that Julia 's boyfriend be marry . I mean , what be I suppose to do with that ? I should not tell she , right ? who want to hear that ? ( he look at alphonso , hopeful ) I should probably just stay out of it , right ? alphonso grimace . thinks . say : alphonso I think you have to tell she . reed deflate . 2/18/9 50 . reed really ? why ? alphonso because it 's the right thing to do . int . crescent elementary - julia 's classroom - day the kid all file back into class after lunch . Edison walk up the aisle and pass rani , who sit at she desk , listen to she ipod . as he pass - edison whatcha listen to rani ? rani pull out one earbud , smile . rani Neil Young , live at canterbury House . thanks for the tip . edison anytime . Edison take a seat . rani quickly pull out she other earbud as Julia rush in with a overnight bag . throw it under she desk and turn to the class . julia sorry I be late . now , get you valentine and let 's open they . the kid run to they valentine envelope on the wall . tear they down and run back to they seat . excitement building . although Julia have a stack on she desk from the student , she prefer to watch the kid open theirs . madison have the large stack of valentine , the most popular student in the room . rani only have a few . they have all be open , but rani have no reaction . madison and kara watch rani , perplex . when , madison stand up and loudly say to the class : madison do everyone check carefully inside they envelope for all of they valentine ? Julia look at madison , suspicious . but the student do what madison say . rani turn she envelope upside down and out fall the big Valentine , catch on a staple . she open it . 2/18/9 51 . look over at Edison , he back to she . rani can not believe it : Edison . her face take on the glow of the windswept sun . rani get out of she chair , start walk towards he , she smile grow , when ... from behind she , madison and kara start laugh . rani turn , look back at madison and kara , who be laugh cruelly . rani realize . the sun fade . julia rani ? what be it ? rani nothing , miss persinger . julia bring the Valentine up here , please . rani hesitates , then start to crumple it in she hand . julia now , please . rani reluctantly approach and hand it to she . Julia read it . look at Edison . julia Edison ? shock as hell , he say : edison yes , mar ’am ? julia do you send this Valentine to rani ? Edison be horrify and now upset . realizing rani be the butt of a joke . edison no , mar ’am . I do not . julia madison . kara . come up to the front of the class , please . and bring you valentine with you . 2/18/9 52 . madison and kara get up . bring they valentine . Julia put she trash can on top of she desk . julia you send rani this Valentine and sign it from Edison , do not you ? both look at she . but say nothing . julia when there 's that much silence , I know you be think up a lie . kara ( burst ) she make I do it ! madison look at kara , furious . reed enter the classroom quietly , carry a single arrangement of two dozen red rose . Julia do not see he . many of the student do , however , and reed put a finger to he lip . shhh . julia madison . take all of you valentine and bring they up here . if you be good you might get they back at the end of the day . kara , I be afraid this go for you , too . kara but I tell the truth ! both girl angrily and tearfully give up they valentine . julia it 's not nice to play with people 's heart like that . when a cough come behind Julia : reed Julia ? Julia turn , surprised . happy to see he . julia reed ? what be you do here ? Edison , recognize reed , think he 's deliver the rose he order that morning . he stand up , excited . 2/18/9 53 . reed this order come in at the store today . I think I have deliver it myself . reed put the rose on Julia 's desk . Edison look confuse , reed be suppose to give he the flower . she open the card , hope . smile . julia it 's from Harrison . reed you boyfriend ? julia yes . Edison sit back down , shocked . not he flower . he be not happy . reed look at she shine face , know he should tell she the truth . he look at the classroom -- all the kid stare at the interaction of they teacher with the flower man . reed Julia . there 's something I have to tell you . can I see you outside ? int . crescent elementary school - hallway - day reed look at Julia , try to find the word . but Julia 's get plenty of she own . julia wait . I first . I get a 4:15 flight to San Francisco . I be gonna surprise he . but reed do not look so happy . julia what 's with the face ? you be into this idea before . reed I be . I mean ... I do not know . I meet Harrison when he come in and place the order . julia you do ? wow . he must have be on he way to the airport . be not he great ? 2/18/9 54 . reed ( haltingly ) sure , sure . but , you know , people be so - complex , right ? and there 's always more to the story -- julia you think he 's too old for I . but - listen - I have have a lot of bad experience with guy my age , and even though - when edison burst through the door . frantic . he grab reed 's shirt . call he by the store 's name . edison Mr. flora . what about my rose ? reed 's blank , try to place he out of the environment . edison I give you thirteen dollar ! reed put a arm on Edison 's shoulder . reed oh , yeah . I remember now . they must still be on the truck , little man . do not worry , they 's 1ll get here soon . edison you promise I . fifth period . I choose you because you be on tv this morning when I be write my valentine . it be a sign . Julia kneel down , console he . julia Edison . if reed say you rose will be here , then they will . he 's very trustworthy . she smile , steer Edison into the classroom . as the classroom door shut - reed do not get on that plane today . it 's a mistake . Julia stop . 2/18/9 55 . julia what ? you say you like spontaneous . reed I do , but -- reed look at she , try to say it . but she seem so happy , so hopeful , he just can not . so he say nothing . Julia smile at he concern . julia look reed , I get it . you have have six girlfriend since we have know each other - you be always ina relationship . you understand how this thing work . my track record - on the other hand - could kindly be refer to as spotty . but this one feel different . so do not worry . I will be fine . now I gotta get back to class . she go in , shutting the door . leave reed alone , with no idea what to do . int . caa - mailroom - day his buddy work at breakneck speed around he as Jason talk on he cell phone . jason so you can take we ? thank god - that 's great . he grab a pen . jason ( cont 'd ) at four ? as in four in the afternoon ? even my nana do not eat dinner at 4 . so , it 's 4 or 11:20 ? I think I might keep look . he hang up . Danny and jed look at he with pity . jason ( cont 'd ) what ? not every table at every restaurant can be book ? what about the shitty restaurant ? nobody 's gonna book that . 2/18/9 56 . danny maybe do not pitch it to Liz like that . Jason shoot he a look . jason it 's fine . and I just nab ticket for the outdoor movie at Hollywood forever Cemetery . danny Girls love cemetery on Valentine 's Day . jed what about the gift ? jason I think of that . I be gonna go get she a grande white mocha this afternoon . she love that . jed and Danny share a look . jason ( cont 'd ) what ? I be suppose to get she a prius ? we have not even be together three week . jed dude , whatever . dump she , I do not care . I be just say - if you be gonna do Valentine 's day ... Jason consider this . int . rita flora delivery van - day reed drive . alphonso sit in the passenger seat , scan a clipboard . reed make a abrupt leave turn . alphonso where be we go ? reed just make a quick stop at my house - alphonso but we be really behind - reed pull the van over in front of he house , put it in park . 2/18/9 57 . reed I know but - reed reach into the back of the van and pull out giuseppe 's black BOX . reed - we be in the neighborhood and I wanna put this flower out before my bride - to - be come home . you know - surprise she . I '’11 be fast . alphonso Fine . reed open the door , take the black box , and hop out . then , through the window - reed oh , by the way . I do not tell Julia about Harrison . reed start to walk away . alphonso call after he . alphonso what ? she need to know , reed . reed stop , halfway up he walk . reed I try . I could not do it to she . I just - do not think it 's my place . alphonso just look at he , not hide he disapproval . alphonso we be really behind . reed be right back . at the front door reed go to the door , pull out he key . but as he try to put they in , the door just swing OPEN . reed look confuse . warily enter the house ... int . reed bennett 's house - same reed look around as he enter . call out : reed hello ? 2/18/9 58 . nothing . as he start toward the kitchen , he hear from upstairs : morley ( 0.s. ) reed ? reed be perplex . he turn and head toward the stair . upstair hallway reed reach the top of the stair , still hold the black box , and turn into the : int . bedroom - same morley sit on the bed . reed hey . morley hey . reed just stand there , look at she , not know what to say . she do not look happy . reed what be you do home ? morley do not say anything . as he start to approach she , he see the closet door be OPEN . and the closet be empty . he stop . he look at morley . then to she pack suitcase on the floor . it 's all start to make sense . morley I be sorry reed . reed stand there , in shock , hold the black box . reed it 's not the ring . it 's I . she look at he , and though it appear to pain she , she do not argue . morley I be so sorry . I should have be honest this morning . it just - it take I by surprise , and I do not want to hurt you . ( more ) 2/18/9 59 . morley ( cont would ) no one prepare girl for how to handle that scenario . they prepare we to say yes , not how to gracefully say no . reed be clearly try to remain upbeat . reed look , it 's fine . if you be not ready , that 's ok . we can take the whole marriage thing off the table . maybe I should not have surprised you like that - we have only be together a year - maybe we should have talk about it -- she stop he . morley you do not do anything wrong . and it should not have be a surprise to I . I should have be think about we future , too . but I be not . I be just coast , know in my heart that we be not gonna go the distance . and that be not fair to you . you deserve a lot better than that . morley take the engagement ring from she pocket , hand it to reed . he study the ring for a moment , then finally look up at morley . reed do you even consider marrying I ? even for a minute ? morley of course . but when you ask someone to marry you - do you want she to consider it ? or should she just know the answer ? off reed , let that sink in . int . rita flora delivery van - day reed get back into the van , still hold the black box . alphonso look at he . he 's clearly upset . they sit there for a long , quiet moment . 2/18/9 60 . reed you be not gonna believe this . morley be in there . she 's leave I . we be not get marry . alphonso look at he . do not say anything . but he do not look surprised . reed start to lose it . reed so this you believe ? you do not believe it when she say yes but you believe it when she move out ? alphonso shrug , not say anything . reed you know ? alphonso I have a feel . reed what feel ? alphonso that it just be not right . a inkling . reed a inkling ? why do not you say something ? alphonso I do not know for sure . reed take this in , try to process . then something dawns on he . reed but I do . alphonso pardon ? reed with Julia . I know something be not right . alphonso yes you do . reed start the van , put it in gear . 2/18/9 61 . reed I have gotta stop she . alphonso yes ! reed wait - I think we be behind ? alphonso for this ? screw it . alphonso smile . reed quickly pull away . int . crescent elementary school - julia 's classroom - day the bell ring - the school day be over . student race out of the classroom . free. Julia smile from the front of the class . julia have a lovely Valentine 's Day guy . she quickly grab she overnight bag from under she desk , start for the door . clearly in a hurry . Edison watch she leave , perturb . int . crescent elementary school - hallway - same as Julia walk down the hallway , she cell phone ring . she grab it . julia ( into phone ) kara ! intercut with int . d/d/ k pr - same kara sit at she desk , in she huge corner office overlook beverly Hills , stare at she computer screen . kara ( into phone ) why have not you call I back ? julia I be so sorry . today 's be nut . kara so I be assume you do not rsvp for my dinner because you come every year and it 's a give that you will be there , right ? 2/18/9 62 . Julia keep walk , not understanding the seriousness of kara 's question . julia actually , unfortunately , I will not . be there . I be fly up to San Francisco to surprise Harrison . silence . kara just sit there , try to hold it together . Julia stop at the front door of the school . julia ( cont 'd ) be you ok sweetie ? kara no one 's come . julia what ? that can not be true . kara well , it be . julia what about dana ? kara New boyfriend . julia what about elise ? kara back with old boyfriend . julia no ! Rick ? kara Gay cruise to cabo . Julia stand there , try to think of what to say . julia so everyone respond '' no '' ? kara no . there 's still a bunch of people who have look at it but have not respond . 2/18/9 63 . julia well then I be sure it 's fine . you know how bad people be about rsvping . edison come down the hall , walk past Julia and pick up this last bit of they conversation . julia ( cont 'd ) and it 's not like they do not know the drill . we have be do it for year - anarkali at 8 . people will come . we see Edison take note of what Julia have say as he walk out of the school . kara just sit there . she have nothing to say . julia ( cont 'd ) I be really sorry honey . kara I know . have fun . kara hang up . rub she face as she try not to cry . with julia - as she hang up she phone , feel terrible . ext . crescent elementary school - day Edison race out the door , past other student , pull away from the crowd . he frantically look and find a car he recognize . spot it . grab open the passenger side door . get inside . int . janice 's toyota camry - day Inside the car , Edison reach over to the ignition , try to start the car for Janice , he nanny . edison go , go . janice not until you breathe . like I teach you . Edison see she 's serious . he force himself to breathe , use the kundalini yoga warm - up technique of close one nostril with the thumb and deep breathe in , out . 2/18/9 64 . edison okay . I be breathe . janice now why do not you tell I what 's go on ? edison she do not know I love she . I have to make it right . you have to help I or I be lose . I be just lose . janice Edison . you be not lose . edison yes , I be . she do not get she flower . she do not know - janice look , I be sure this little girl - edison she 's not a little girl . janice ok . I be sorry . that be patronize . I know how you hate to be patronize . edison I do . I hate it . now will you help I ? janice iwill . after soccer . edison I do not like soccer . janice nobody like soccer . Edison look at Janice , resign . edison Fine . Janice start the car and pull out . 2/18/9 65 . ext . the grove movie theatre - day kelvin and he camera crew interview a male employee of the Grove movie theatre . he 's in uniform , a mix between a band uniform and a bellhop , complete with red hat . the '' dance '' water fountain be behind he in the background . grove employee it 's pretty busy at the movie , yeah . we have to patrol more . people like to have sex in the back row . sometimes with other people . sometimes with themselves . exasperate , kelvin turn and look directly into the camera . then he compose himself , continue the interview : kelvin what do you think of Valentine 's Day ? grove employee V - Day rhyme with D - Day . coincidence ? I think not . int . ok - day Jason stand at the counter of the upscale gift store , talk with a male clerk , 20 and hip . clerk how much cash do you want to drop ? jason I do not really know . clerk what do you want the gift to say to you woman ? jason I be not really sure . the clerk be really try to understand . jason ( cont 'd ) I have no idea what I be do . I have be go out with this girl for like two and a half week . but then today I be get a little bit of a brush - offy vibe . ( more ) 2/18/9 66 . jason ( cont 'd ) and I say go out , but if you want to get really technical about it , we have never actually say we be go out - so it may still just be in the hang out category . we have sleep together once - and I realize I be overshare - but I guess that might not really mean anything . and then we work together , so that 's another wrinkle . the clerk take this in . clerk it 's ok , man . let I help you . you be take she out tonight , right ? Jason nod . clerk ( cont 'd ) sweet . so what you need to do be read the vibe when you get there . Jason nod again . clerk ( cont 'd ) if you can tell that she be not feel you at all - the clerk reach into the case and grab a SMALL silver case . clerk ( cont 'd ) you bust this out . Silver business card holder . definitely send a " I can tell this be not gonna work out , but we still work together and I want to be respectful '' message . jason okay ... the clerk reach into the case again - clerk but if it 's go good , and she 's flirt you up , you whip out this one . he show Jason a tiny silver locket . 2/18/9 67 . clerk ( cont 'd ) feminine . delicate . I have hit this up on like four girl . jason so , you want I to buy two gift ? clerk I be hook you up , bro . do not worry . bring back the one you do not use and I 'il totally refund it . Jason smile . jason that be a fantastic idea . the clerk beam . int . rita flora delivery van - day reed and alphonso fly up highland toward the burbank Airport . alphonso try she again . reed quickly dial he cel phone . put it to he ear . reed shit. straight to voicemail again . reed shoot alphonso a look , step harder on the gas . int . lax - same close on : Julia 's cel phone as it sit in a plastic bin , on the conveyor belt at the security check point . pull back wide to reveal : Julia , shoe off , ticket in hand , walk through the metal detector . happy as can be despite the madness of the traveller around she . ext . griffith park - day griffith park. glorious . picnics . a carousel . Janice be sit on a crowded grassy hill watch Edison play soccer . Edison be not into it , miss a pass . he want the game over . a player on he team come up and shove he for the error . Edison just take it . 2/18/9 68 . edison ( to the player ) can not you see my heart be break ? the player can not quite believe he ear . then run past he with the rest of the team to the other side of the field . Edison stay right where he be , the lone man on the center of the field . finally , the coach call time out . walk up to Edison . friendly hand on he shoulder . coach what 's the matter , Edison ? edison sport event , such as this , feel trivial at the moment , coach . the coach have no response for that . with janice as she sit on the grassy hill . her phone buzy . she look at it : a new text from Alex . it read : look behind you . Janice turn around , but see nothing but the beginning of a wood area about 10 foot behind she . she text back : what ? she watch Edison meander around the field for a second before she get another text : look closer . she turn around again , this time scan the wood area . then she see Alex , stand at the tree line , wave she over . she look quite confuse . she check on Edison , who 's still mope through he soccer game , then get up and walk over to Alex . janice what the hell be go on ? he give she a mischievous look and beckon she into the wood . ext . griffith park - wooded area - same Janice follow Alex farther into the wood . janice where be we go ? 2/18/9 69 . alex so , you know how I say I would figure something out ? janice ( wary ) yeah ... as they come up to a small clear - alex well - Janice see how Alex have figure it out - he 's fashioned a bed in the middle of the wood with pillow , blanket , sleep bag , etc . he 's put some colorful flower all around . it 's actually kinda cool . but Janice be not impressed . janice this be you big idea ? alex yeah . janice you want I to do it here ? in the wood ? alex it 's rustic . and romantic . it 's romantically rustic . janice with random people 20 foot away ? alex no I check . I have be scream obscenity for a hour . there 's no way they can hear we . janice so , let I get this straight . you really think that I be go to come back here in the wood and have sex with you , outdoors , while I leave alone the 10 year old boy who I be responsible for ? just leave he alone out there ? you think that would be fun for I ? you think that 's romantic ? Alex realize the hole in he plan . 2/18/9 70 . alex ( meekly ) I promise I have figure it out . Janice look at he , seethe . janice you know - for a valedictorian you be a huge idiot ! with that Janice turn and leave . ext . lax - afternoon the rita flora van fly into lax , pass the encounter restaurant , the alien arch beam red instead of blue . int . lax - UNITED terminal - afternoon reed run into the United Terminal . look up at the depart monitor . find Julia 's 4:15 flight . Gate 82 . reed run through the terminal , squeezing past irritate passenger until he 's stop short . security only tickete passenger beyond this point , sir . reed turn around . see : at the UNITED ticket counter Long line . reed can not wait . he see the oversize item and live animal section , apart from the regular line , where there be only one customer . he run over there . oversize item check -in reed I need a ticket on any flight that leave from Gate c. preferably you cheapest . UNITED ticket agent this line be for oversize item only . reed but you can sell I a ticket , right ? if you want to . UNITED ticket agent I be sorry , sir . this line be for -- 2/18/9 71 . reed look , I know what this seem like . I be just some other shlemiel who cheat on he girlfriend , and now he 's here with he sob story , begging you to let he go chase the girl down and tell she how it be all a big misunderstanding and that the email with all the naked picture be actually just a gag by one of he fraternity buddy . the ticket agent look vaguely disturb . UNITED ticket agent that 's a terrible story . reed right ? so let I tell you my story . the girl I be run to catch be not even my girlfriend . but I have to tell she that she boyfriend - they guy she 's about to get on a plane and surprise - be marry . and it 's a crappy thing to hear . but I have to do it because it 's the right thing to do . because she 's a great girl and she would even take a cigar band from a guy - and I know I be get a little off track here , but my point be - I have to go get she . compare to the earlier story , the ticket agent like this one . he start punch the key of he computer . at gate 82 Julia , wear a simple black dress and flat , stand , overnight bag on the ground next to she . she shift foot . excite . she 's never do anything like this before . UNITED gate agent now board group three . all that in group three may now come forward . Julia move into the line . then feel a hand on she arm . she turn . it 's reed . julia reed ? what be you do here ? reed , out of breath . spit out : 2/18/9 72 . reed I need to talk to you . Julia look around , still try to process this odd scene . julia okay . so ... but then he hesitates . here she be . but how do you start ? where do you start ? so he just say it . reed he 's marry . julia what ? reed you boyfriend . Harrison . julia he be marry . he 's divorced now . reed no , Julia . he life in malibu with he wife , alexandra . he come into rita flora today and send you both red rose . julia what do that prove ? he could have just be do it to be nice . UNITED gate agent ( 0.s. ) we be now board all section . all section , please come forward . Julia just look at he . hurt . julia ( cont 'd ) why be you do this ? reed think about that , then - reed do you think morley and I belong together ? julia what ? what do that have to do with anything ? reed it just - do . do you ? 2/18/9 73. julia I do not know . I guess - if you love she and she love you then - reed you be not answer the question . honestly - as my friend - julia Fine . no. not really . do not see it . do not see you two together . reed well that 's why I be do this . because apparently everyone and they mother know I should not propose to she , but no one have the gut to say anything - and now she 's go and I be leave with this stupid ring and a empty closet and I do not want you to make the same mistake I do . do not pursue a dead end Julia . it hurt like hell . Julia stare at he , try to process this . she 's not have it . julia you be unbelievable . you expect I to buy that - that you be try to help I ? you be just do this because - for once - I have something and you have nothing . and you just can not take it . you want I to feel as bad as you do . UNITED gate agent ( 0.s. ) last call for all section . now board all section on United Flight 954 to San Francisco . reed do not know what to say . he be not expect that . Julia pick up she overnight bag . julia honestly - as a friend - this be a really shitty thing to do to someone . reed do not get on that plane . Julia . think . do not you know ? somewhere ? we always know , right ? 2/18/9 74 . he grab she hand . but somehow , it 's the touch that break she . she pull away from he grasp . julia it 's Valentine 's Day and I be go to meet my boyfriend . now let I go . she walk away . he watch she as she hand she ticket to the agent . the stub shoot through the machine at the other end . she do not turn around . disappear down the tunnel . reed throw he ticket in the trash can . walk out . int . airplane bathroom - afternoon Inside the cramped bathroom stall , a nervous female hand pull out a lipstick . her hand shaking . pull back to reveal a face look into the mirror , put it on : it 's kate , not Julia . kate pull out a seal tube of mascara and some blush . she carefully put they on . now look quite feminine and beautiful in she military uniform . int . airplane - afternoon kate return to she seat . Holden , watch a movie , have to pause he screen and let she back into she seat . as he do , he notice : holden you look pretty . kate thank you . holden be you nervous ? kate yes . holden he 'il be wait for you , I promise . she look at he , slightly vulnerable now . kate the hardest thing about come home be realize people have move on . ( more ) 2/18/9 75 . kate ( cont would ) they have live a part of they life without you , memory you will never have with they . holden do you get to call he ? kate sometimes , when we be in range . but the time difference make it hard . plus , what can you really say in three minute - with you whole platoon full of guy stand around ? holden maybe just that you love he ? kate look at he , touch by he earnestness . kara yeah . I say that . ext . wilshire boulevard - beverly hill - afternoon kelvin , with he camera crew , stand on the street corner , interview a chubby male cupid , wear white diaper , white wing with gold bow and arrow sling over he shoulder and eat a submarine sandwich . cupid I make a lot of dough today . deliver love gram to office building and such . it 's a great day for a fat guy . so , yeah , I love Valentine 's Day . kelvin so you be say today be about money ? cupid it sure as hell be . you ever not spend money on Valentine 's Day ? I even deliver a break - up gram today . now that be cold , sure , but I still get pay ! kelvin call cut . to he crew : kelvin I think we get it . the cameraman start to pack up he stuff . 2/18/9 76 . cameraman where to next ? as kelvin think about it , he look across the street to a large office build . he 's get a idea . kelvin you know what - I think we be do . just pack up the van . I x11 be right back . with that , kelvin take off across the street . int . d/d/ k pr - kara 's office - afternoon kelvin come blow into kara 's office , trail by jan , kara 's assistant . kelvin jan kara , I be sorry to bother you - I tell he you be very busy - kara look up from she desk , eye wet with tear . kelvin and Jan stop in they track . kelvin I be sorry . I do not mean to - kara it 's ok . sit down . ( to Jan ) it 's fine . Jan back out of the office . kelvin take a seat on the couch . kara try to pull herself together . kelvin so - I know you say there be not much chance , but I - she cut he off . kara let I ask you a question kelvin . what be you plan for tonight ? kelvin seem confuse . kelvin umm - I really just come here to try and get the exclusive with Sean - but - 2/18/9 77 . kara no - I know . and I be not ask you out or anything . it just seem like literally everyone on earth have something to do tonight so - kelvin look at she , gaug she seriousness . kelvin I be work . 5 pm , 10 pm and 1lpm newscast . I usually only do one of that , but everyone want off tonight and I be more than happy to oblige . it 's one of the perk of have a night job - there 's always excuse not to participate in all this ridiculousness . kara give a small smile , satisfied by the answer . she get up , walk over to the couch , sit next to kelvin . kara I have not have a date on Valentine 's day in almost 10 year . I mean - it 's mostly by choice . I put all my energy into this job , into take care of my client - and I know I do not put myself out there at all - but still - 10 year . be not that pathetic ? kelvin I do not think so . I do not think I have ever have one . again , by choice , but - kara the thing that I hate most about this day - honestly - be that I be embarrassed . I be embarrassed that it make I feel as bad about be alone as it do . kara start to tear up again . she put she head in she hand , now really cry . kelvin sit there , not know what to do . he put he arm around her , and she sink into he , sobbing now . after a few moment , she cry subside . she pull back from kelvin , wipe she eye , now embarrassed . kara ( cont 'd ) I be really sorry . I do not even know you . 2/18/9 78 . she get up and go back to she desk . he get up as well , in a bit of shock . kara ( cont 'd ) anyway - I be send word out now that Sean 's press conference will be at 6 at the century Plaza . kelvin oh. ok . kara sorry you come all this way for nothing . kelvin no . it be - no problem . kelvin look at she , mind search for something else to say . he come up with nothing . so he just turn and go . int . edgar & estelle 's house - live room - day Edison and Janice stand in the kitchen . Edgar and estelle both sit at the kitchen table , phone in estelle 's hand . edison ( still upset ) tomorrow be not gonna work . estelle they be not take any new order , dear . she will get they tomorrow . edison but tomorrow be too late ! it have to be today ! Edison run out of the room , the sound of he bedroom door slamm echoe down the hall . silence in the kitchen . edgar he will be fine . today be a lot of pressure for anyone , let alone such a young boy . janice tell I about it . estelle look at Janice , read she face . estelle everything ok with you and Alex ? 2/18/9 79 . Janice look at they , decide whether to open up . she pull out a chair , sit at the table . janice I do not know . not really . estelle what happen ? janice it 's what have not happen , actually . ok - you guy promise - no judgement ? estelle sweetie it 's we - of course not . Janice take a breath and then dive in . janice Alex and I be suppose to have sex today . for the first time . both of we for the first time . Edgar and estelle share a look , careful not to show any judgement . janice ( cont 'd ) and it be suppose to be - magical . but I be realize now how hard it be to plan something magical . estelle that it be . janice I just want something special to carry we through , you know ? he 's go to Stanford , I be go to Yale - it 's go to be nearly impossible to stay together . this thing never work out . I know that . but I just think if we have something really amazing connect we that we might have a better shot . Janice stop , take stock of what 's she 's be say . janice ( cont ’d ) and now - say it all out loud - I just feel stupid . ( more ) 2/18/9 80 . janice ( cont ’d ) like - what , I be go to sleep with just one person in my entire life ? that 's just - preposterous . who do that ? a small smile come across Edgar 's face . he look to estelle , then back to Janice . edgar we do . Janice look at they in disbelief . janice no. Edgar nod proudly . janice ( cont ’d ) that 's amazing . edgar now , grant , it be a different time . people marry earlier , and be not as promiscuous as they be now . they be more promiscuous than the movie of the time would lead you to believe , but still ... Edgar look to estelle , try to bring she into the conversation , but she look - odd . she 's stare off , not meeting he eye . Edgar continue . edgar ( cont 'd ) and we go through several period where we be apart - month where I be away on business or estelle be off on location - and we manage to make it through . as Edgar keep talk , tear begin to well up in estelle 's eye . he 's oblivious , while Janice become aware something be wrong . edgar ( cont 'd ) now , I be not say it be easy , or even that it 's something that you should do . but just that it 's possible . and it 's the thing I be most proud of . be faithful to one woman be the great accomplishment of my life . 2/18/9 81 . Edgar finish , smile , but Janice be now focus on estelle , who have tear run down she face . estelle Janice . I hate to do this to you again , but can you take the boy out for awhile ? janice um , I do not know . I have class tonight ... Janice look at estelle , see what she 's go through . janice ( cont ’d ) you know what , it 's fine . I / x11 - skip it . Janice get up and head toward Edison 's room . estelle take Edgar 's 's hand . he look confuse and scared . edgar honey , what be it ? she look at he , not say anything . he look back at she , wait . then , he just - know . he get up and walk out of the room . int . edison 's room - same Janice open the door to Edison 's bedroom , but he 's nowhere to be see . janice Edison ? she open the closet , check under the bed - nothing . then she notice it - the OPEN window . ext . wilshire boulevard - afternoon Edison walk briskly down wilshire , head east , backpack on he back . a few passersby give he a odd look , this kid out for a stroll by himself , but he do not even notice . he 's on a mission . int . edgar & estelle 's house - hallway - afternoon Janice stand outside the close door to Edgar and estelle 's room , about to knock . through the door she can hear the muffle sound of a unmistakably serious conversation go on inside . she think better of knock , pull she hand down . she will have to deal with this herself . 2/18/9 82 . she move quickly down the hall and out the front door . int . edgar & estelle 's house - bedroom - afternoon Edgar be pack a suitcase . his hand shaking . estelle stand in the doorway . estelle you be in Mexico , building that new apartment complex , and I be alone with a two - year-old . Michael use to come over , just to help . you have no idea how much you need to talk to a adult after day of be with a child , and -- edgar Michael ? you have a affair with my business partner ? estelle it be only one night . one night , Edgar . and we both regret it . edgar I call you every day , even when I be so exhaust I could not even stand up long enough to take a shower . I still call . his movement be shaky . estelle move forward , put she arm around he waist . estelle I have only love one man in my life . you. edgar then why do this ? why tell I now ? estelle because I want you to know the truth . he close the suitcase , snap the lock . face she . edgar sad fact be , estelle , the truth make everything else seem like a lie . the look on he face be so final . he walk out the door . 2/18/9 83. int . ktla - hair / makeup - early evening kelvin sit in the makeup chair , tissue cover he suit . the hair and makeup team put on the finish touch . Susan appear at the door , take in the scene . susan happy to be back do what you love ? kelvin look at she in the mirror , smile . kelvin I do not know . today be not so bad . Susan take a few step in , perplex . susan really ? well , I be glad you enjoy yourself . because it be pretty bad on my end . kelvin how 's that ? susan be you kid ? I ask you for love and romance and what do you give I ? a guy remove tatoos ? sex in movie theatre ? a giant rat ? kelvin look at she in the mirror , try to figure out what to say . kelvin look , Susan - I try . I want it to come out differently - but this be just what present itself . susan bullshit . you find what you want to find . Susan back up , annoyed . susan ( cont ’d ) you be right . I think you be capable of more - but I guess not . you should definitely just stick to sport . 2/18/9 84 . with that , she leave . kelvin share a look with the Hair guy , guilty . int . julia 's car - early evening Close on Julia , still in she black dress , as she drive . her face be quiet , still . almost as if she 's try to hold onto this moment -- before anything be truly know and she 's force to change . int . hospital - nurse 's station - early evening Labor & Delivery . Julia walk up to the nurse 's station . a filipino nurse smile at she . julia Excuse I . I be look for Dr. Copeland ? nurse he 's not here right now . julia can you tell I where he be ? nurse be you a patient ? be something wrong ? Julia just look at she . julia May I ask you something , woman to woman ? nurse okay . julia be Dr. Copeland marry ? not divorced or separate or live apart . or anything like that . but flat out marry to a woman name alexandra that he life with in malibu ? the nurse look at she , realize . nurse yes. 15 year . and he have a daughter . her shoulder drop , she release she breath . start to turn away . but the nurse stop she . 2/18/9 85 . nurse crustacean . 7 pm . Julia look up at the clock . it 's 6:35 p.m . julia thank you . ext . cedar sinai medical CENTER - los angele - early evening Julia , in she car , still in she black dress , fly out of the parking structure for the LA hospital . letting we know now , she 's in Los Angeles , not San Francisco . overnight bag in the seat beside she . she never get on the plane . ext . los feliz home - night a simple triplex . fence in by chain link . not a great neighborhood . when the rita flora Delivery Van pull up . reed be still drive . alphonso be asleep the passenger seat . int . rita flora delivery van - los feliz - night reed look at alphonso , totally passed out . he smile , shake he gently on the shoulder . alphonso stir . reed get out . go inside and be with you wife . alphonso it 's fine . she know I would be work late . reed so , surprise she . someone around here should have a happy Valentine 's day . alphonso look at he a moment , and nod . alphonso I can not believe you let she get on that plane . reed I do everything I could to stop she . 2/18/9 86 . alphonso but it do not make sense . she do not even want to go . reed and how do you know that ? another inkling . alphonso yeah . but maybe I be off . I be real tired . alphonso junior just get the guitar hero with the drumset for he birthday . that be a mistake . reed go . be with you family . he pat reed on the shoulder , get out of the car . walk up the path to he front door . int . crustacean - beverly hill - night beverly Hills . a giant lobster hang in the center . the height of expensive Valentine 's Day prix fixe dinner . Harrison sit at a candlelit table with he wife , alexandra . alexandra olivia 's go to need brace . harrison genetic . you need they . I need they . she need they . Julia walk in , she simple black dress be now bulging . she 's suddenly nine month pregnant . she waddle , put she hand behind she hip , thrust she fake belly out . she spot Harrison and alexandra , in a corner booth . almost lose she nerve . but she keep go . midway , Harrison see she . his eye widen slightly , then he quickly recover he smooth composure . Julia reach the table . and then double over . julia oh my god . oh my god ! not now . not now , GOD ! alexandra immediately get up and go to she . 2/18/9 87 . alexandra be you ok ? julia I do not know . I have never have a baby before . Julia double over again . julia ooooh ! that be a big kick ! alexandra look a little confuse . alexandra oh , be he just kick , or be you have contraction ? julia what ? oh , umm , both . kick and contraction . but mostly contraction . like bad one . alexandra be you here alone ? Julia look at Harrison . julia yes . I be alone . again . alexandra ok . you be gonna be ok . my husband be a doctor . he deliver baby all the time . Harrison be freeze in he seat . alexandra look at Harrison . alexandra Harrison ! a little help ... he start to get up . reluctantly . julia oh , no . I do not want to interrupt you romantic meal with you wife . in 1l be just fine . she go to walk off , and then : julia peas and carrot ! oh my goodness ! she hold she tummy in mock pain . 2/18/9 88. alexandra Harrison ! help the woman . would you like to sit ? Julia be writhe around in front of they table . julia I be so sorry . I really do not want to interrupt you sexy Valentine 's day thing here - Julia jolt again , make a big show of grab she belly . even do some dramatic breathe . julia man , this little guy just will not let up . Harrison finally take charge : harrison ma’am , what often help in the early stage of contraction be a brisk walk . why do not I take a little stroll with you , and I can time you contraction as we go . that way I can give you a better sense of where you stand . Julia look right at he . stop the act . julia that 's ok . I think I know exactly where I stand . Goodbye Dr. Copeland . Julia turn and head off , walk confidently towards the door , Harrison shrink behind she . she stop at the hostess stand , where the hostess hold two giant shopping bag , full of takeout container . hostess and we will just charge this to ... julia to my friend over there . she turn and wave to Harrison who , though confuse , wave back . the hostess hand she the bag . julia thank you . and happy Valentine 's day . 2/18/9 89 . she pull the pillow out of she shirt , hand it to the hostess , and leave with a smile growing on her face . int . polo lounge - night Jason and Liz sit at a tiny table for two , squish in a line next to countless other table for two . the table be in military row , way too close to one another , with a big table number mark each one . they both look a little uncomfortable . jason sorry we have to wait so long . that be ridiculous . liz no problem . jason I think if we get here at 6 it would be pretty empty . a waitress approach . waitress so , would you like we four course sweetheart 's menu , or we eight course eternal love menu ? jason I do not know , eternal love sound kinda nice ... Liz check she watch . liz I be think more like a salad . jason ( to waitress ) maybe you have like a one course ' just dating 's menu ? the waitress do not laugh . jason ( cont 'd ) I think we need some more time . Jason take a sip of he water , try to relax . dude next to he dude - that 's my water . 2/18/9 90 . jason sorry . my bad . they really pack we in there , huh ? the dude glare and slide he water closer . Jason look to Liz , force a smile , check out he menu . jason ( cont 'd ) I hear the steak be great here . liz you know what ? I think I be just gonna have a cocktail . be that ok ? Jason 's try to cover he disappointment . jason be you sure ? liz yeah . I mean , the menu look great , and the place be lovely , and I so appreciate you take I out - but , the thing be , I do not know we be go out tonight - and I actually commit to get back . I be hope I could do both , but it 's get late - Jason be stung . jason I do not realize you have other plan - liz no , it 's just work -- jason no . it 's cool . I actually have some other plan , too . a awkward beat . then , Jason reach into he pocket . jason ( cont 'd ) but I do get you something . and I would really like for you to have it . he pull out a SMALL wrapped BOX . he hand it to she , expectant . liz you do not have to . 2/18/9 91 . she open it . it 's the business card holder . jason it 's for business card . for when you get promote . I think it be the perfect gift - you know - co - worker to co-worker . Liz look a little sad . liz oh. ok . well , co - worker to co - worker , thank you . she reach across the table and shake he hand . the date have officially crash and burn . int . century plaza HOTEL - hallway - night in the hallway outside a conference room , Sean peer through a crack door into the room . it 's packed with reporter amble about , eat donut , etc . he close the door , lean against the wall , take a deep breath . kara and Drew approach , ready to go . Sean straighten up when he see they . kara so . you sure you do not want to run by we what you be gonna say ? sean no , I get it . drew we would really like to know . just so we do not look like fool up there . sean no man . it 's a surprise . kara I be a publicist Sean . I do not like surprise . sean I be fine . I take the podium as the lose quarterback in the Super bowl . I can handle this . she look at he , nod . he begin to pace around , get prepare . 2/18/9 92 . kara ok then . you ready ? Sean nod , amp . int . century plaza HOTEL - conference room - night Sean stand at the podium , flanke by kara and Drew . as Sean collect he note , kara scan the crowd . she find kelvin - near the back . they meet eye . he give a small smile . she return it . Sean look at he note , then put they down . do not need they . sean ( into mic ) I would like to thank everyone for come here tonight . and I be not gonna waste y'all time with some long wind thing here - I be just gonna get to it . the cliche be - when someone 's retire who really do not want to retire - they say it 's because they want to spend more time with they family . but I do not have a family . and with everything football have give I - the biggest thing it 's take away be that . because of who I be , because of my job , I can not lead the life I want to . so , with that in mind , I will just say the thing I come here to say . Sean look out over the crowd , get a huge smile on he face . sean ( cont 'd ) I be gay . stun reaction from the crowd . Drew look to kara , who clearly have no idea he be go to say this . sean ( cont 'd ) and there 's someone out there , hopefully watch this , who try to deal with I have to lie for year and finally get feed up . this be for you . I hope you can forgive I . ( then ) any question ? and be cool now - I be not above kick any of y'all ass . 2/18/9 93 . the reporter all look at each other , no one quite sure what a appropriate question would be . finally , a hand go up in the back . it 's kelvin . kelvin kelvin Briggs - ktla . I guess I be a little unclear . be you retire ? sean oh , shit . right . that. ( he laugh ) no. I be not retire . boisterous reaction from the crowd . bulb flash like crazy . sean ( cont 'd ) I be gay and I be gonna play . how about that ? Sean smile at the podium as the floodgates open - a cacophony of question . kelvin and kara meet eye across the crowd , both clearly move Sean 's declaration . int . century plaza HOTEL - hallway Sean exit into the hallway , kara in tow , insanity still go on in the conference room behind they . kara ok . I be gonna head back to the office now . we will set up interview - maybe late night show - and then - sean kara - stop . there 's nothing to do . it 's already do . kara look at he , take this in . she get a huge smile on she face . kara sean ! she envelop he in a big hug . he hug she back . int . lax - night Holden and kate both exit the jetway into the gate . a bit bleary - eye but happy to have land . 2/18/9 94 . as they walk through the terminal , they come upon a group of people surrounding a tv . they stop to check it out . on the tv - espn . anchor so , Sean Jackson be not retire . and he also want you to know something else ... they cut to the clip of Sean 's press conference - sean ( on tv ) I be gay . with the crowd in the airport - as they react enthusiastically . kate and Holden stare at the screen . kate wow . good for he . Holden smile . holden yeah . they continue through the terminal . ext . baggage claim - lax - night Holden walk out through the slide glass door of baggage Claim . a Driver at he side , push he expensive leather bag on a cart . at the curb Holden turn , look for kate . he find she , stand in the long taxi line . Holden say to the Driver : holden just a minute . lax driver certainly , sir . Holden walk over to kate . tap she gently on she back . she turn around , surprised to see he . holden this be quite a line . kate look at he . her reserve back . a confidant on the plane have now become a stranger in the city . 2/18/9 95 . kate it 's move . slowly but surely . holden I have get a car - he look back toward he patiently wait driver . kate that 's nice of you , but I be up in the hill - it would be too far out of you way --- holden that 's not what I mean . you take it . i’1l wait for a cab . you have come so far for just a few hour - kate start to tear up . holden do not worry . it 's pay for . it / ’l1l take you wherever you want to go . she look at he , amaze at he generosity . kate thank you . she envelop he in a huge hug . int . janice 's car - night Janice drive slowly , weaving in and out of the neighborhood street off 6th Street . she peer out the window , look for Edison , grow more concerned by the second . she pull out she phone and dial . janice come on Edison , pick up . she wait . ext . wilshire boulevard - night close on : Edison 's backpack , cel phone ringing in the side netted pocket . widen to : Edison still walk alone , considerably slower than he do at the outset . with all the traffic noise , he do not hear he phone ring . 2/18/9 96 . it 's get dark , and this part of wilshire look a little sketchy when the sun go down . but as he approach La brea , he get a second wind and put it into high gear . ext . anarkali indian restaurant - night kara pull up in she land Rover , get a ticket from the valet . she go around to the passenger side and pull out she big bag of decoration , shut the door and head into the restaurant . int . anarkali indian restaurant - continuous the New Delhi temple interior of this family - run indian house be full of exotic fabric . Red archway . traditional indian music play . mural of romantic indian love scene . in the kitchen ten year old student rani ( Edison 's classmate ) pick up more empty water glass when she father , deechum , indian ( 30 ) , stop she . deechum rani . what be wrong ? you have be mope all day . her brother , shantum ( 14 ) , enter , grab more napkin . shantum it be Valentine 's Day , Father . deechum be this about a boy ? when it be time , you mother and I will find you a nice indian boy . rani walk out , into the restaurant , pass alex - the delivery boy - who 's head out with another delivery . alex cheer up , rani . I x11 be you Valentine . he give she a sweet big brother smile . in the restaurant kara be now stand on the booth , back to we , aggressively tie off she home - print banner -- I hate valentine 's day -- between the two column of the booth . she take a string of heart , now cut in half , and hang they frame the booth . 2/18/9 97 . she take a look at it , satisfied , and plop down onto the seat . reaches for a glass of wine , drain it . she look at the door . and wait . no one . she sit . the banner fall off of one of the column behind her . it just hang there . she do not turn around . do not even bother to fix it . ext . hollywood forever cemetery - santa monica blvd . - night night . close on the headstone of dead Hollywood star . mel blanc , Douglas fairbank , tyrone power , bugsy Siegel . the cemetery - where some of old hollywood 's biggest star be bury - be fill with couple who spread blanket on the lawn , ready to watch the movie project outside . a sign advertise tonight 's movie : pillow talk Jason walk past the ticket line , ticket in hand . as he pass , Edgar make it to the front of the line . edgar just one please . ticket vendor I be sorry sir . this line be just for will call . we be completely sell out . edgar you do not understand - ticket vendor here 's we brochure - maybe you can come back for another event . before Edgar can respond again , Jason swoops in . jason it 's ok . he 's with I . Edgar look up , Jason hold up two ticket . he follow Jason out of the ticket line . edgar thank you very much , young man . jason no problem . I have a extra . 2/18/9 98 . edgar it 's Valentine 's Day . there 's get to be a story there . Jason hand two ticket to the usher at the entry gate , and they walk in together . jason not a good one . edgar not a good story , or not a good end . jason I do not know . neither . Edgar give he a doubtful look . jason this girl I be dating ditch out on I . like the worst Valentine 's Day story ever . edgar oh really ? today I find out my wife cheat on I . Jason look at he - touche . Edgar hold up a silver flask . edgar bourbon ? Jason smile . definitely . int . rita flora - LA brea avenue - night it 's still busy , mostly man rush in before they drive home . reed walk in , still cling to he black BOX . not the upbeat reed we be use to . he watch as he clerk move quickly and efficiently . Edison enter , exhaust from he walk . he 's so out of breath he can barely talk . but he trudge right up to reed , who can not believe he eye . edison ( between gulp of air ) you. owe. me. Flowers . reed look at he , full of guilt . he look down to the box in he hand , get a idea . smile . 2/18/9 99 . reed where to ? Edison look at reed . his face light up . int . anarkali indian restaurant - night kara 's now a few glass of wine in . the remain of the meal she eat surround she . and she 's still by herself . she check she watch - the look on she face say it 's time to call it quit . she get up on the booth , she back to the door , and start to take down the string of heart . then from behind she : voice ( 0.s. ) do I miss the party ? kara turn around to find kelvin . stand there . with flowers . she can not help but smile . he can not either . ext . hollywood forever cemetery - night both Edgar and Jason be a little inebriated now . the film play in the background . edgar so tell I about you girl . where be she ? Jason look at he . jason she say she have to go back to work . but that 's probably bullshit - I mean , it 's probably not the truth - edgar I know what bullshit mean , son . jason so she 's probably just blow I off . as Edgar take this in , he look up to the screen to see : on the screen : a scene with a young 20 something starlet talk to rock Hudson on the telephone . Edgar smile , nudge Jason . gesture to the screen . 2/18/9 100 . edgar that 's my girl . Jason look to the screen - he mouth drop open . jason you be kid . she be hot . Edgar nod , still look at the screen . edgar she still be . jason wow . you sure you wanna let that go ? Edgar look at the screen , think about that . edgar you know - I have this story I tell my grandson about how we meet . I tell it the same every time - it go like this : I be nineteen . estelle be eighteen . I be a architect . I work in the front office with a big window . she would come out every morning and post the mail . I think she be the prettiest girl I have ever see , so I get up my courage and wait by the postbox to say hello . only I do not say a word because I be afraid . so she push I aside , and say , '' move , big fella . '' but I keep come back every day until she agree to go out with I . jason that 's a nice story . edgar it be . too bad it 's , as you say , bullshit . jason what ? edgar I mean , do not get I wrong , all of that happen . but the part I leave out be what happen after . we first date be a crush failure . ( more ) 2/18/9 101 . edgar ( cont would ) I be so nervous I stall out my car , forget my wallet , make horribly awkward conversation - I think she have never want to see I again . jason but she do . edgar after a few week , yes . but I have put so much pressure on that one date that it be bound to fail . we second date we go on a walk . that 's it . it be not until we stripped away all expectation that we really begin to fall in love . Edgar look back at the screen , at the beautiful image of he young wife . Jason do , too , think about what he 's hear . int . anarkali indian restaurant - night kara and kelvin now sit at the booth talk , the flower between they . she still can not stop smile . kara so wait - how do you find I ? kelvin you assistant Jan and I have become pretty close today - so - kara laugh . kara right . they look at each other , not know what to say next . but it 's not a bad silence - sort of a good hopeful awkward one . kelvin so - I have to know . do you know about Sean ? I mean - before today . kara try to hide she smile . kara I do . I have my suspicion for a while , but he finally tell I a few year ago . I think I be one of the only people he ever tell . ( more ) 2/18/9 102. kara ( cont would ) and I guess I always assume he have retire at some point and just fade away - get a chance to lead the life he want - but - ( she think about it ) I do not know . see he up there , do what he do - it just make I realize - kelvin you can have both . kara yeah . you can have both . kara and kelvin look at each other , a definite connection . which be break by the door open . julia enter . julia I be so sorry I be late . kara look up - can not believe it . Julia come over and join they , still hold the shopping bag from the restaurant . kara what be you do here ? what happen ? julia I - it do not matter . I be here now . kara can tell by the look on she face that it 's not good . julia look , I just - I really do not wanna talk about it . she start to unpack the shopping bag - exquisite dessert from crustacean , about 20 of they . julia anyway - my contribution to the party . molten lava chocolate heart . normally 100 buck a pop . but I get a great deal . kelvin help she unpack the remain dessert . as he do - julia hi. I be Julia . she extend she hand . he shake it . 2/18/9 103 . kelvin kelvin . julia so - kelvin - how do you come to this sad affair ? kelvin I be actually kara 's date . Julia look to kara - who look as surprised as she do . the door open again , two women rush in , flustered . it 's dana and elise ( both 30 be ) . they approach the table . kara and Julia can not believe they eye . julia what the hell ? kara ( to dana ) yeah , I think you be go out with you new boyfriend . julia ( to elise ) and I think you get back together with you old boyfriend . dana and elise share a look . then , in unison - dana and elise same guy ! julia and kara what ? dana yeah . you know how restaurant have two seating on Valentine 's Day ? elise that 's what James be try to pull off . Julia and kara look at each other in disbelief . dana now please . if you do not mind . lead I to the alcohol . 2/18/9 104 . Julia oblige , pour they some wine . kara look to kelvin , who shoot she a smile . she smile back , take in she party , which actually do not turn out half bad . int . janice 's car - night Janice sit at a stoplight , scan the intersection , hope for some kind of miracle . as she wait there , a van pull up to she leave and stop at the light . we can clearly see edison sitting in the passenger seat , reed drive . Janice continue to look around the intersection , oblivious to Edison right next to she . but when the light turn green , the van start to pull away . Janice look to she leave at the last second , catch a glimpse of Edison ( who do not see she ) . her eye go wide . janice shit ! no ! you be not suppose to get into van ! but as the van pass , she see the rita flora logo , and relax a bit . she change lane and get behind the van , follow up La brea . ext . anarkali indian restaurant - evening the van pull up , reed and Edison hop out . as reed go to the back to grab the flower , Janice 's car pull up . she jump out and make a bee-line for Edison , who start apologize before she can even talk . edison I be sorry - janice you can not do that to I - edison I know - I know - janice I be responsible for you Edison . do you understand that ? edison I do . but you be not - no one be - no one be help I . I just have to do it myself . 2/18/9 105 . Janice look at he as reed approach with the BOX , take in the scene . reed everything ok ? Edison look to Janice , hopeful . she soften . janice everything 's fine . ( then ) do you want I to come in with you ? edison no . thanks . I make it this far . I want to do this alone . janice ok . do you have you cel phone ? Edison nod . janice ( cont 'd ) good . text I when you be do and I nil pick you up here . Edison nod . he take the box from reed . edison thanks Mr. flora . reed smile . reed anytime . Edison walk to the front of the restaurant and enter . Janice walk back to she car . but reed just stand there , not sure what to do . instead of go to he van , he head toward the front door of the restaurant . ext . anarkali indian restaurant - back alley - same Janice pull around to the back alley behind the restaurant . she put the car in park and sit back - turn up the stereo . her phone buzy . janice ( cont 'd ) that 's quick . this can not be good . she grab the phone - it 's not from Edison . it 's a new text from Alex : now ? 2/18/9 106 . she look up to see Alex , stand at the back door of the restaurant , delivery bag in hand . she smile . he do as well . ext . hollywood forever cemetery - night Edgar now alone , wait for the climactic scene in the movie . watch closely as : on the crypt the film play . and it 's estelle . a young estelle . beautiful . a life barely live . rapturously kissing rock Hudson when a body stand in front of the crypt , block the image for the entire audience . who immediately shout : audience get the hell out of the way ! move it ! now ! when the body step fully into the light so we can see she clearly . it 's estelle . estelle Edgar ! Edgar ! I know you be here ! we come every year ! Edgar ! more angry voice from the audience . audience who the hell be Edgar ? get she the hell outta there ! what the --? when the voice return he call : edgar estelle ? estelle ? over here ! estelle peer into the darkness to find Edgar , wave the silver flask . Edgar start run to she . the best he can for a older man . she too , make she way to he .... and they run , dodging headstone . people . picnic basket . and they meet . tear in she eye . in he . she look at he . hopeful . when he take she into she arm . and kiss she . in perfect sync with the movie play behind they . int . janice 's car - night Janice and Alex make out with abandon in the back seat of she car . Janice pull back , look at Alex . 2/18/9 107 . janice be you sure you do not need to deliver that food ? alex what ? no . I mean - eventually . but we have get time . Alex go back to kissing she . she stop . janice because you know how annoyed I get when delivery take a long time , and I would hate - alex seriously ? be we talk about this ? janice you be right . I be - just a little nervous . alex sure . sure . to be expect . they go back to kissing . Janice stop again . janice I be sorry . can you put that bag outside or something . it kind of - smell . alex what ? I think you love the food here . janice I do . it do not smell bad . it just smell . like indian food . and I do not envision my first time would go down with saag paneer wafting around . Alex get it . he reach into the front seat , grab the bag , open the door and place it outside . he go back to kissing she . she stop he again . janice ( cont ’d ) sorry - again . can we shift a little ? this seat belt be really - jam - 2/18/9 108. they shift over a little . janice ( cont 'd ) - there . better . alex you good ? janice I be good . just as they be about to start kissing again , Janice stop Alex one last time . janice ( cont 'd ) ok . this be not work . alex you be right . should we try my back seat ? it 's a little bigger - janice no , Alex . not this . this . he do not get it . janice ( cont ’d ) us. we be not work . alex what be you talk about ? we be great . janice I know . I know you and I be great . but - where we be - what 's about to happen - that 's not great . alex I do not understand . janice Alex - we be both about to embark on something huge . separately . and I just think we need to be able to do that - figure out who we be - experience new thing . separately . I just do not want we to look back 60 year from now and have any regret . Alex slump back in he seat , crush . silence . 2/18/9 109 . janice ( cont 'd ) I want to do this because I think it would be something that would keep we together . alex I know . janice but now I see that it 's just something that 's go to hold we back . Alex just look at she . janice ( cont 'd ) I be really sorry Alex . Alex do not know what to say . he just open the door and get out of the car . int . anarkali indian restaurant - night determined , Edison walk into anarkali carry the black box . the diner smile back at the little boy . Edison spot Julia at the back table . he approach , and as he near , Julia turn and see he - julia Edison ? what be you do here ? at the front door reed enter the restaurant . take a few step in to watch Edison deliver he flower . but then he see who Edison be approach - julia . reed can not believe he eye . with edison and julia as Edison stop in front of Julia , box in hand . now the whole party be watch . he hold it out to she . edison this be for you . julia for I ? edison yes . julia be you sure ? 2/18/9 110 . edison very sure . Julia reluctantly take the box , not sure what to say . she open it , look inside , and look for a good long time at its content before she close the box and smile at Edison . julia well , that 's amazingly nice Edison . I be not sure why you be do this , but - edison because I love you . Julia look at Edison , heart break . she kneel down to he level , look he in the eye , talk to he quietly . julia listen - I be sure you be pretty serious about this - but you do not really love I . I be you teacher . edison but I do . julia ok . I do not think - you just - Julia 's really floundering . edison you be say I have no shot with you . Julia laugh out loud . edison oh I get that . the age difference alone would be difficult to overcome . I just - I want to give you flower . I feel like you deserve so much more than you be get . this really hit Julia hard . he 's right . as she try to process this , she see reed take a few more step into the restaurant . they lock eye . julia honestly , Edison , this be the nicest thing anyone have ever do for I . sadly , I mean that . ( more ) 2/18/9 julia ( cont would ) but I really think you should be give this to someone else . Edison look confuse . edison who ? julia someone who 's more - appropriate . someone who can appreciate this more than I can . 111 . Julia look to the back of the restaurant where rani stand , watch the scene . Edison look to rani , then back to Julia . edison rani ? but I do not love she . she 's just my friend . julia ok . what make rani you friend ? edison I do not know . she have Tom wait on she ipod . that 's pretty cool for a fifth grader . Julia smile , then look to reed . julia well , sometimes , that thing you like about someone as a friend - they be the thing that turn they into someone you love . reed look at Julia , affect by what she 's say . consider this . int . caa - night Edison the wide corridor - line with assistant 's desk - be dark and quiet . except for one , where Liz sit alone , on the phone . liz ( into phone ) okay . it sound like we have everyone . i’1l add Erin . one moment . she push a few button on she phone . 2/18/9 112. liz ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hi , Erin . they be ready for you . she push a few more button , stay on the phone for a moment , and then put the receiver back down , the conference call lit up red on she phone . she stare out the window - until she hear a strange squeaking . she look a little alarmed - and turn to see Jason , wheeling a cart full of mail down the corridor . she be stunne . she watch he nonchalantly deliver mail to empty desk , until arrive at hers . liz ( cont 'd ) hey. jason ( no big deal ) oh. hey . she 's not sure what to make of he . liz do a little overtime ? jason look , you do not get ahead in this town without take a little initiative . liz wait , you be really here to - but before she can finish she sentence - he pull a starbucks cup out of he cart . jason White mocha , right ? she look at he , and smile wide . liz yes . he hand it to she . liz ( cont 'd ) thank you . jason I be sorry about tonight . 2/18/9 113. liz I , too . jason I just - I like you . and I do not know what to do about today - what be too much and what be too little . she look at he . liz this be perfect . she reach up and kiss he . a long , passionate kiss . jason so , you have to be here for a while ? she point to the phone - where the line be still lit up . liz until they be do with the call . you want to hang out with I ? jason yeah . he sit on the floor of she cubby , back against she filing drawer . she grab she mocha and sit next to he . liz I like you too . Jason beam . int . anarkali indian restaurant - night reed watch as Edison stand across from rani at the front of the restaurant . edison I be really sorry about what that girl do to you today . rani that 's ok . they be not that smart . edison they be not , right ? Edison stand there awkwardly , hold the black box . 2/18/9 114 . edison well anyway , here . he hand she the bouquet . she take the box , open it . pull out the single flower . it 's a rare thai parrot flower . deep , vibrant purple , like no other flower you have ever see . and amazingly shape like a parrot . it 's stun . rani can not believe she eye . edison I do not usually go for girl my age , but you be pretty sophisticated . rani thank you . silence . edison I do not really have anything else to say . rani I either . rani smile at Edison . he smile back . with reed - as he approach Julia at the other side of the restaurant . reed so . you be here . julia yep . back at the Valentine 's Day singles dinner . a loser once again . ( off the reaction of the other party guest ) sorry guy . reed take she arm , gently guide she a bit away . reed you be not a loser . you just - deserve better . Julia smile , a bit take aback by the compliment . reed so why do not you go ? 2/18/9 115. julia honestly ? because somewhere , deep inside , I do know . I know that it be not right . but I also know that you be get marry , and that what you and I have , we friendship as we know it , be go to end . so I just blind myself to all the sign . because I do not want to be leave with nothing . reed look at she , a small smile cross he face . he take one imperceptible step towards she . reed and now that I have nothing ? Julia stand she ground , match he smile . julia then I guess we can both have nothing . together . reed now break out into a wide grin . Julia do too , she can not help herself . begin montage : Music cue : this will be we Year - the Zomby int . ktla news room - night kelvin sit behind the news desk , do he 10 o'clock report . kelvin I would like to take a moment and comment on the story we report earlier - Sean Jackson 's come out . a ground - break day in sport , for sure - Mr. Jackson 's name likely to be remember along side the like of Jackie Robinson , Muhammad Ali , billie Jean King . but let 's let future generation decide where to place this . today , of all day , I would like to look at this act not as one of defiance , or wall - busting , or history make - but simply as this : what a man will do for love . off camera - Susan watch , pleased . and stand a few foot away from she - kara , beam ear to ear . 2/18/9 116 . int . edgar & estelle 's house - doorway / hallway - night darkness . a figure use a key , enter the home , walk softly inside the sleep household . the figure quietly make its way down the hallway towards the back of the house . reaches a close door . pushes it open . int . edgar & estelle 's house - edison 's room - night poster of the Space shuttle and the solar system on the wall . Edison be sound asleep . his hair cover he face . a hand touch he gently . Edison slowly stir . the Hand shake he a bit harder this time . until he open he eye . SHOCK on he face . not believe what he 's see . he reach over and turn on a lamp , shape like a rocket ship . the figure be : kate . still in she soldier uniform . edison mommy ! you be here ! she pull he into she arm . breathe in he scent . kiss he eye , he face , he ear . anything she can . in the doorway stands Edgar and estelle , in they pajamas , hold hand . they silently watch the reunion of they daughter and they grandson . then quietly turn and give they space . int . janice 's house - bedroom - night Janice sit up in she bed , which be still surround by the candle Alex bring . they be all light . she 's paging through the yale course catalog . her phone buzy . she pick it up - there 's a new text message from alex : I ’l1l always love you . she smile , close she phone . curl up in bed . int . alphonso 's house - night alphonso and he wife be dead asleep , buffer by they kid - alphonso JR . ( 6 ) and carmen ( 4 ) who sleep between they . 2/18/9 117 . ext . beverly blvd - night Jason and Liz drive down beverly , both on he vespa . as he weave in and out of traffic , she hold on for dear life , laugh the whole time . ext . malibu home - night Sean sit on the deck , watch the moon reflect off the ocean . he seem relaxed , at peace . he hear the slide door from he house open , turn to see : holden - stand there with he bag . Sean can not believe he eye . he rush to he and hug he - hold he tight . they both tear up . sean you see ? Holden nod , still hugging Sean . holden this be not go to be easy . sean I do not care . Holden look at Sean , take he in . holden so what next ? sean how do you feel about buffalo ? Holden smile , follow Sean back in the house . ext . rita flora - night from outside , we can see into the light up cafe side of the store . it 's empty except for one table - reed and Julia sit across from each other , talk . as they laugh , completely at ease with each other , the camera move up , look down 6th street , downtown LA come into view . we then tilt up to the night sky , stop at the bright white moon , which look like a heart . not really . it just look like the moon . the end .