valkyrie written by Christopher mcquarrie &amp ; Nathan Alexander January 8 , 2007 I swear by God this sacred oath : that I shall render unconditional obedience to Adolf Hitler , the führer of the german Reich , and that I shall at all time be prepare , as a brave soldier , to give my life for this oath . 1 black 1 and from out of the blackness a voice . a man speak in german - faint at first , crackle over the radio . subtitles translate the voice of Adolf Hitler . hitler ( v.o. ) my comrade . once again - I do not know how many time it have be now - a attempt have be make on my life . I speak to you tonight for two reason . first , so that you can hear my voice and know that I be unhurt . and second , so that you may know the detail of a crime without parallel in german history ... 2 ext . airfield - day 2 title : smolensk , russia - the german eastern front . 13 MARCH 1943 . a lonely airfield . a nazi officer and he aide stand rigid by a gleam limousine . the officer 's uniform denote a man of high rank - a man of weight . title : major -general henning von tresckow - chief of staff for army group CENTER . tresckow smoke a cigarette , he arm the only movement in the frame . pull back to reveal the airstrip be surround by Army Group vehicle and personnel - SD and ss escort , photographer , aide , Nazi party dignitary , etc . - all freeze like statue . eerie . whatever be go on , it 's big . the faint sound of distant airplane bring tension , subtle but sharp . approach the field be three focke-wulf 200 condor escort by a formation of messerschmitt - 109 fighter . silence give way to a escalate roar that seem to have no maximum . one by one , the massive four- engine condor land while the fighter roar overhead and circle the airfield . the condor come to rest and , need no introduction : adolf hitler alight from the lead plane , obscure by the surround platoon of heavily armed ss guard . ( note : Hitler be obscure throughout the entire sequence prove how inaccessible he truly be . ) 2 . tresckow and he aide step forward to greet Hitler , but they be push back by ss guard . the führer march past without so much a glance at he host or they wait limo . to tresckow 's surprise , a second limousine roar onto the airfield from out of nowhere . it be dirty , the windscreen spot with bug from a long drive . Hitler get in the dirty car and speed off . voice ( o.s. ) it 's not so much you car he do not trust ... it 's you driver . tresckow and he aide turn . stand behind they be : title : colonel heinz brandt - senior staff officer of the army operation section . the consummate Nazi , he be always scribbling note in a small datebook . without look up , brandt hop into the limo they bring for Hitler . tresckow and he aide share a glance and get in . a beat later they be speed after Hitler 's car . 3 ext . army group CENTER - day 3 est. Hitler 's headquarters for the Eastern Front be bustling . Security be tight , everyone be on edge . 4 int . army group CENTER - mess hall - day 4 Long table pack with soldier strain they neck to get a glimpse of they leader at the head table , but he be obscure by he detail of ss guard . one man dare to approach . the room fall silent . hitler' personal chef place a tray before the führer , produce a knife and fork , cut a bite . we think he be go to hand feed Hitler until he place the food in he own mouth , chew slowly , deliberately . he swallow . we wait for he to die . when he do not , Hitler begin to eat . the rest of the room relax slightly and dig in . angle on : seat further down the table be tresckow and he aide . between they , once again , be brandt , eat like a pig , still make note in he book . tresckow stare . 3. tresckow manage the führer 's security must be quite a undertake . brandt ( in between mouthful ) irregularity be the führer 's precaution of choice . tresckow I can assure you he 's safe here . relax , brandt . enjoy you meal . brandt 's look say , " do not be ridiculous . " he clean he plate in second . then he gently dab he mouth , take out he datebook and start write - once again the precise man we see on the airfield . tresckow ( cont 'd ) I understand you be return to Berlin this afternoon ... brandt nod . tresckow ( cont 'd ) could I trouble you to deliver a package to Colonel stieff ? brandt nod again , too busy write to notice the know glance tresckow share with he aide ... 5 int . army group CENTER - private office - later 5 tense silence . tresckow and he aide be hunch over two bottle of cointreau on a large desk next to : two payr of british vclam ' - a small black plastic case hold together by magnet and adhesive tape . tresckow insert a short , pencil - shape fuse through the narrow open . all that remain expose be a small glass capsule . the trigger . tresckow turn he attention to the bottle of cointreau ... 6 ext . airfield - day 6 the condor ' engine roar , ready for take off . Soldiers stand at attention as Hitler board . brandt be with he , scribbling in he ever- present datebook . 4. tresckow and he aide approach . tresckow gently handle a carefully wrap package . close on : tresckow press a key against the side of the package , crush the glass capsule inside . the explosive armed now , he hand it to brandt . tresckow with my regards to Colonel stieff . brandt accept the gift , look up from he book . he study the familiar shape . brandt cointreau ? you better hope I do not get thirsty on the flight . tresckow politely smile , hide he nerve , have just hand a bomb to Hitler 's head of Security . brandt unknowingly carry it onto the plane with Hitler . the door to the condor be seal behind he along with , we hope , the führer 's fate . tresckow look at he watch and we dissolve to : 7 int . army group CENTER - private office - later 7 a clock show we that thirty minute have pass . tresckow and he aide be seat on either side of a desk stare at the telephone . smoke . wait ... dissolve to : 8 int . army group CENTER - private office - later 8 Three hour later . the ashtray be overflow but tresckow and he aide have not move . finally ... the phone barely ring before tresckow answer . he do not say a word , he only nod and hang up . tresckow he 's ... land . it take a moment for the gravity of this to set in . aide what about the ... tresckow be already dial the telephone . 5 . tresckow get I Colonel brandt ... ( stay cool ) Colonel ? tresckow ... I trust you land safely ... I hate to trouble you but there 's be a bit of a mix up . it seem you have the wrong bottle for Colonel stieff . you ... do still have the package ? Long pause . torture . then : tresckow ( cont 'd ) I can be at you office first thing tomorrow morning to pick it up . terribly sorry for the inconvenience ... thank you . tresckow slowly hang up the phone . aide do you think he know ? tresckow shrug , open a bottle of cointreau and pour two glass with a shaking hand . tresckow there 's only one way to be sure ... 9 ext . okh headquarters - day 9 est . a early morning fog blanket the ground , obscure we view . eerie . 10 int . okh headquarters - hallway - day 10 footstep echo through the cavernous hallway . tresckow march with purpose through the numerous security checkpoint . it be a long , suspenseful walk . he be aware of someone walk up behind he , get closer . we think he 's do for , but a bespectacled , middle - aged officer overtake he and whisper : officer what happen ? title : general friedrich olbricht - chief of general army office in berlin . 6 . tresckow I can only guess the altitude cause the fuse to malfunction . first the beer hall , Memorial Day - now this . someone be watch over that sonofabitch , I swear it . olbricht we have be discover . tresckow halt and face olbricht , expressionless . tresckow what make you think - olbricht oster 's be arrest . the gestapo come for he last night . tresckow think for a beat and resume walk . olbricht hurry after he . olbricht ( cont 'd ) do you hear what I say ? tresckow the gestapo could have arrest he for anything . find a replacement . olbricht there 's no one we can trust . not in Berlin . tresckow then stop look in Berlin . just then , they approach the final threshold , a sentry guard a office mark : colonel heinz brandt . olbricht stop , regard the door with dread . but tresckow press on , reach the door , about to enter when : sentry you pistol please . oh shit . tresckow play it cool , remove he pistol from its holster and hand it over . and with a nod to olbricht , tresckow square he shoulder and enter brandt 's office . 7. 11 int . okh headquarters - brandt' office - continuous 11 brandt be at he desk , write as always . tresckow notice brandt 's pistol sit within arm 's reach . a clock tick loudly . imagine it . then wait . finally : brandt put he pen down , stand and salute , but the gesture be almost casual . pure formality . brandt you will forgive I , General . this little round - up have have I write report all day . treskow round-up ? brandt dissenter . a plot against the führer . tresckow make a good show of laugh that off . treskow who would even have the ball ? brandt you would be surprised , the number of coward in this army that would be willing to stand against the Reich . treskow only if the führer be dead , of course . brandt of course . it 's one thing to think you know what 's right . what matter be have the strength to do it . clunk . brandt produce the package , put it on the desk in front of he . brandt ( cont 'd ) be this what you have come for ? pause . stay cool , tresckow reach for it : brandt ( cont 'd ) perhaps we should open it . tresckow freeze , study brandt 's cold smile . 8. tresckow I beg you pardon . brandt sit back , smile . do he know ? brandt you have come a long way . you must be thirsty . tresckow I wonder how the führer , who do not partake , would feel about a officer who do so on duty ... Colonel brandt . brandt 's smile fade . we can not decide why . he pick up the package carelessly . tresckow stay cool despite the armed explosive just a few foot away . brandt I take you for another sort , General . and we realize he really do just want a drink . he know nothing about what the package hide . tresckow and I you . tresckow reach out , grab the package and : bang . the sound of a explosion o.s. take we to : 12 ext . desert - day 12 title : tunisia , NORTH africa - the retreating 10 th panzer division . 7 april 1943 . move rapidly through a olive grove in the otherwise waste desert . a column of tank , truck and heavy equipment flow by with a sense of barely contain chaos . Men dismantle tent from around other dump document into burn oil drum . in the middle of it we find a tall , handsome young officer ( age 35 ) . he wear a afrika korp uniform complete with Colonel 's badge , stay cooler than the other side of you pillow . he direct man this way and that , hold back panic . title : colonel claus von stauffenberg - staff officer , 10 th panzer division . 9 . a jeep speed up to he from the distance , drive by a young lieutenant . young lieutenant Colonel stauffenberg , sir . a new headquarters have be establish at mezzouna . I be to take you there . stauffenberg look over the scene , expressionless . stauffenberg now they tell we to disengage - a day late . no matter how many time we tell Command the reality , they always manage to leave we - but he stop himself , contain he rage . young lieutenant Colonel , the enemy be less than five kilometer from here . you have do all you can . stauffenberg glance at he right hand , contemplate a ring on he finger . after a beat : stauffenberg I wonder ... be there even a point in we come to tunis ? young lieutenant to get take prisoner , it seem . stauffenberg smile bitterly and get in the jeep as : boom . the first bomb explode before we even see the tight formation of british FIRE - bomber overhead . fighter plane strafe with machine - gun . artillery blast strike in front and behind the retreate column . the 10th panzer division be trap . panic hit the column like a tidal wave . stauffenberg tap the Young Lieutenant who drive into the melee . Soldiers abandon they vehicle but cover be in short supply and many be leave in the open . so they run . dozen be gun down by the assail fighter . the survivor watch in horror as the fighter slowly turn to make another run . in a panic , the soldier run the other direction , halt by a jeep block the way . stauffenberg stand in the passenger seat . 10 . stauffenberg stop . wait until they commit . the man calm when they see the Colonel , trust he . they turn and watch the formation of plane complete they turn and bear down , gain speed . knee tense , some jerk from the natural inclination to flee . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) stand fast , I say . they do , despite the menace of the plane ' engine grow louder , meaner ... 13 int . lead fighter cockpit - day 13 the confuse pilot take in the mass of motionless man below . his finger tense on the trigger and ... 14 ext . desert - day 14 stauffenberg now . the mob of soldier break - some right , some leave - as the fighter open fire on what have be the center of they mass . unable to change course quickly enough , they spray they lead into the sand . in that same instant , stauffenberg drop into he seat , the Young Lieutenant jam the jeep in drive and a wave of hot lead miss they by mere foot . stauffenberg watch he man regroup , wait out the turn squadron . they have get the idea now . he turn to he Lieutenant who smile admiringly . but stauffenberg 's eye widen . he grab he Lieutenant 's head and jam it down , revealing a stray fighter come up from behind . stauffenberg duck out of frame , shield the Young Lieutenant with he body . bang . blood spray across the jeep 's windshield before bullet rip it to piece , leave only clear blue African sky ... and then the explosion . silence . fade to white . 15 int . hospital - day 15 title : munich , germany - first general military hospital . 21 april 1943 . 11 . a fast click . heel on linoleum . a beautiful , dignify woman keep herself from run . she be : nina von stauffenberg ( 30 ) , stauffenberg 's wife and mother of he four child . beside she be berthold von stauffenberg ( 38 ) , stauffenberg 's older brother . they reach the door of a private hospital room just as a doctor come out . awkward pause . doctor Mrs. stauffenberg ? nina ( nodd , gesture to berthold ) the Colonel 's brother , berthold . doctor perhaps before you see the Colonel we should go to my office and - nina I will see my husband now . the Doctor want to argue but Nina 's eye shut he down . he open the door and they enter to find : 16 int . hospital room - continuous 16 a mass of mummy - like bandage with only small opening around the mouth and one eye . the arm and hand be also wrap in heavy dress . no movement but for the rise and fall of the patient 's chest . berthold can not look . holding back she anguish , Nina bravely turn to the Doctor . " well ? " doctor he 's be constant with fever but he refuse any pain killer . the right hand have be amputate above the wrist . he 's lose the fourth and fifth finger on the leave . we ... could not save the leave eye . berthold cover he face . Nina be a rock . nina his ring . doctor I do not - 12 . nina he have a ring on he right hand . where be it ? doctor I be sorry ... his hand be amputate in the field ... I be afraid - nina thank you . as in : " that will be all . " the Doctor leave . Nina sit beside she husband . she show he a photo of four beautiful child - three boy and a girl . stauffenberg try to speak but can not . his eye begin to tear . Nina remove a ring from she finger , place it on a chain with a cross she take from around she neck . it be identical to the ring stauffenberg wear in Africa . close on : the engrave inside the band - finis - initium [ end -begin ] . Nina place the ring and chain on she husband 's chest , she hand linger . she can not hold the tear back any longer . she stand and turn away , not want she husband to see . berthold take she place . stauffenberg struggle to speak . berthold put a ear to the hole where stauffenberg 's mouth be - make out he question , even if we can not . berthold debate answer , then : berthold we have lose North Africa . close on : that one eye stare at we close . 17 int . hospital room - day later 17 stauffenberg 's bandage be go - a black patch cover what have be he leave eye . the chain with the cross and ring from Nina hang around he neck . another patient lie motionless in the next bed . a man 's belonging tell you more about he than he ever could . stauffenberg 's side of the room be neatly arrange , book of poetry and philosophy be well wear . beside they be he own writings - the print meticulous and flow . up to a certain date . after that a new , child - like hand have take over . 13 . a family photograph show the stauffenberg 's of another generation - wealthy aristocrat from a bygone era . he be a teenager in this photo and smile broadly . a smile he leave in Africa . stauffenberg 's three finger push a cotton ball under he eyepatch to dab the empty socket . then he go to button he shirt . holding he collar in he tooth , he try to do the button with the use of only three finger on he leave hand . it be heartbreaking to watch . he be about to give up when he notice a figure loom in the doorway . General olbricht . he wince at the sight of stauffenberg 's deformity . stauffenberg I do not know what I ever do with ten . olbricht manage a smile , he move to speak , but stauffenberg beat he to it . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) I be want in Berlin . olbricht nod . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) be you ask as a member of the High Command ? olbricht contemplate he answer . he carefully close the door behind he , nervously glance at the patient in the next bed . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) you can speak openly , General . he die just before you come in . awkward moment . finally : olbricht we could use you help . stauffenberg I be a field officer . olbricht step closer , speak openly now . olbricht this war can not be win in the field . 14 . stauffenberg that 's unfortunate for I . olbricht you can not honestly believe you will make a difference on the front - stauffenberg I be a soldier , General . I serve my country . olbricht it make no sense . you oppose Hitler , you oppose the war . stauffenberg the people choose otherwise and here we be . now we have to win . you know what will happen if we do not . olbricht if we win , it will still be Hitler 's Germany . stauffenberg we all take a oath , General . olbricht nod , resign . he realize it be no use . finally , he produce a blue velvet box , open it to reveal a brilliant gold medal . olbricht on behalf of the führer . stauffenberg take the medal and study it . stauffenberg I be a twin , you know . olbricht be as confuse as we be . olbricht I ... I do not . stauffenberg my brother die the day after we be bear . olbricht I be sorry . what the hell be he talk about ? 15 . stauffenberg I be lie in the desert , cover in blood , sure I be go to die . I try to think about my wife , my child ... but my mind keep drift to my dead brother . how I would finally be with he . how I would finally be whole again ... he snap out of he thought , hold up he arm . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) this be my reward for what happen to my man . it 's all I deserve . stauffenberg nonchalantly toss the medal into a nearby bedpan . 18 int . hospital - critical ward - day 18 close on : a field of white . a three finger hand enter the frame , gently place a medal identical to the one just see . pull back to reveal : stauffenberg , do up in he finest dress uniform , place say medal on a unconscious wounded soldier . a aide stand behind he , carry a silver tray stack with many box contain such medal . pull back further to reveal : stauffenberg stand between two long row of bed , each with a wounded soldier . that that can respond to stauffenberg do so with reverence . the ward be eerily silent . with only three finger , stauffenberg can not pin the medal to he man . he have to settle for simply lay they on a each soldier 's chest or a pillow . with each medal he present , the task become harder to watch . suddenly , stauffenberg freeze , find himself look at the young lieutenant - he driver in Africa . the young man be a mass of bandage , he leg go , he face smashed . close on : stauffenberg 's face - the reality of Africa take the wind out of he . over this we hear a familiar click of heel and : 16 . 19 int . hospital - hallway - later 19 stauffenberg 's boot pound the floor as he rush for the door , desperate to get out , barely able to breathe . at first he do not hear : voice ( o.s. ) Colonel ... colonel . a hand grab he shoulder . stauffenberg turn , ready to strike . he stop when he see the Doctor hold a small , square box . another sort medal perhaps ? stauffenberg I do not want the damn th - the Doctor open the box to reveal : a glass eyeball sit atop a layer of satin , stare blankly back at stauffenberg . creepy . doctor when will you be go back to the front ? beat . stauffenberg just stare back at the eyeball . stauffenberg I be not go to the front . I be need in Berlin . 20 ext . berlin - night 20 the city sleep . a unsettle image know that , in war , quiet can turn to chaos in the blink of a eye . 21 int . townhouse foyer - night 21 Soft knock at the front door be further muffle by heavy black - out curtain . a young officer enter the frame , dousing the light , parting the curtain and open the door to reveal a shadowy figure on the stoop . the figure step into the half light to reveal he fresh scar and eye-patch . and from the dark quiet of the foyer we CUT to : 17 . 22 int . smoky room - night 22 Chaos . the air be thick with cigar smoke and harsh word . a dozen men - some officer , some civilian - be fight bitterly , everyone talk at once . stauffenberg enter unnotice , escort in by the young officer who immediately duck out again . stauffenberg scan the face in the room . we recognize olbricht and tresckow . with they we find ... a distinguished gentleman in he early sixty : title : erwin von witzleben - former field marshal of the military district . forced out by hitler , 1938 . beside he be a rough-hewn , charismatic man despite he 59 year . a face million might follow . he be : title : dr . carl goerdeler - former mayor of leipzig . resigned in protest , 1937 . and finally , a grandfatherly sort with surprisingly kind eye , sit outside the fight - tired and sadden by it . title : ludwig beck - former chief of staff for the german army . resigned in protest , 1938 . witzleben ... he be not a man , he 's a lunatic . he do not drink , he do not fuck . he have no weakness to exploit , no vice to manipulate . his only passion be complete control . how can you expect to reason with he ? goerdeler after this most recent failure I would say we have no other choice . witzleben confront Hitler now and you will end up with piano wire for a neck -tie . we only option be the central solution . goerdeler he 's a man like any other . flesh and blood . take he head on and - 18 . tresckow I will say this for you , Doctor ... you be certainly delusional enough to take Hitler 's place . goerdeler ( eye narrowing ) when that day come , I will be sure to remember you . tresckow I doubt you will remember much of anything . goerdeler dammit , tresckow - and the shouting resume . it be beck who finally see stauffenberg . he touch tresckow 's arm . he , in turn , nudge olbricht and so on . a moment later , the room be silent , all eye on the Colonel . everyone be a little embarrassed . olbricht clear he throat : olbricht gentlemen , may I present Colonel stauffenberg . he 's be reassign to my office at the War Ministry . ( to stauffenberg ) Colonel , may I introduce - stauffenberg this man need no introduction . beck stand , shaking stauffenberg 's hand . beck I apologize for this unfortunate ... spectacle . on behalf of everyone , welc - but before he can finish , beck be seize with a gravelly cough that send a uncomfortable chill through the room . he be very ill . goerdeler ( to the other ) I have not welcome he . not yet . where do he stand ? tresckow for God 's sake - 19 . goerdeler ( be : stauffenberg ) he 's a field officer . he know the army better than any of we . I want to hear he opinion . tresckow ( to stauffenberg ) all right . what do you think , Colonel ? confront Hitler , force he to resign ? or the central solution ? but before stauffenberg can answer : goerdeler " Central solution . " you soldier be all the same . say what you mean . witzleben that 's a laugh come from a politician . goerdeler the army will follow diplomat before they follow assassin . tresckow they follow a butcher now . what difference do it - stauffenberg what make you think the army will follow you at all ? the room quiet down . beck hide a slight smile . he like stauffenberg already . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) oust he , kill he . that be not what matter . how do you plan to take control of the government when Hitler be go ? silence . then a wave of laughter . " the ball on this guy . " goerdeler I beg you pardon , Colonel , but you be in the presence of man who would have be Hitler 's inner circle . instead we resign . we put we principle above personal gain . 20 . witzleben we have the have the respect of the people . and the army . stauffenberg with all respect , sir , you put too much faith in you popularity . ( to goerdeler , point ) all of you do . goerdeler now see here , Colonel - stauffenberg you say yourself , I be a field officer . you all may understand government , but I know the man . a great many of they may hate Hitler , but they all fear he - they fear himmler , Goebbels , the whole of the Reich . that kind of fear will not just die with Hitler . and as for respect : the army , and the people , respect only one thing . Authority . and if just one man question that authority , you can lose they all . ( to beck , point ) they be fool into follow Hitler ... how will you fool they - force they - into follow you ? pause . the conspirator look at one another again , unsure of how to answer . for stauffenberg it be a dreadful revelation . 23 ext . berlin - STREET - night 23 a depressed stauffenberg walk down the desert night street . Silent but for the echo of he footstep . eerie . across the street , a old woman peer nervously out she window . the instant stauffenberg make eye contact she step back , draw the curtain . afraid . he approach a cozy brick cottage - the Berlin home he share with he brother , berthold . he be surprised when he look through the window to find four child laugh and play - the sound of music on a phonograph . bittersweet . 21 . in the next house over , he catch sight of a teenage boy , the picture of Aryan youth , watch he suspiciously from the upstairs window . it seem everyone be watch everyone in Hitler 's german . 24 int . stauffenberg flat - night 24 stauffenberg come through the front door , the sound of the phonograph blaring now . meet the child : berthold ( 9 ) , heimeran ( 7 ) , franz ( 5 ) , valerie ( 2 ) . they chase one another around the house in they pajamas make such a racket that the phonograph skip . ( it will do so throughout the scene . ) the child see stauffenberg and charge , scream : child papa . he scoops they up , one by one , and kiss they , instantly put the day 's event behind he . berthold follow they into the room , smile . stauffenberg ( to child ) what be you do here ? I think I leave you in bamberg . ( to berthold ) it 's a wonderful surprise . thank you , brother . child mama , come down . papa be here . papa be here . ( etc . ) 25 int . stauffenberg flat - bedroom - night 25 Nina nervously fix she hair in the mirror . look down to reveal a small datebook with a smaller monthly calendar in the corner of the page . a red dot mark one date in particular , follow by black dot for each day that have pass since . she turn sideways , smoothing she dress over she belly . in every way she indicate to we that she be pregnant . she tuck the datebook under some sundry in she luggage and rush down to greet she husband . we stay in the room , hearing she greet stauffenberg o.s. laughter at child 's antic we can not see . the phonograph skip . more laughter . 22. we want to go see they in they happiness . instead we linger on stauffenberg 's dresser - neat and orderly . we focus on a photograph of the family from happier time . beside it be a small box contain a glass eye . 26 int . stauffenberg flat - live room - night 26 stauffenberg and Nina dance with one another to the delight of the child . we gradually push in tight on they face , watch a entire conversation take place without dialogue . each have a secret the other can guess . stauffenberg look at Nina , then she belly , first realize and then question . Nina smile and nod . stauffenberg hug she , delighted , but he delight be taint with worry . then the table turn . Nina look at stauffenberg , as if divine he secret . his face never change - a statue with that same taint smile . in she face we see slow , grim realization . she may not know exactly what be go on , but she know it be something . she do she best to keep smile for the child . after the longest of moment , she nod . " all right . " then she put she head on he shoulder , hide she fear . it be a important moment . read it again , take the time to picture it in you mind . then leave it alone . done right it 's a beautiful scene about a man , he family and the fate of the world . 27 int . stauffenberg flat - dine room - night 27 Nina read a story to the child in the adjoin room - a idyllic scene . the sound of the phonograph be soft and constant . stauffenberg pick at a late dinner , now adept at the use of only three finger . berthold sit across from he , deeply troubled by whatever conversation we have just miss . they speak in hushed tone . berthold what do you mean you quit ? stauffenberg I come to join the resistance , not some sewing circle of discard general and politician . 23. berthold beck be a just and capable man . as for goerdeler , well , he 's popular . he will make a good chancellor . stauffenberg like Hitler before he , yes ? lately I have to wonder if Germany be even fit to choose she own destiny . berthold you can not blame the people for this . you have to see the beginning of something to know how it will end . it 's no different than a farmer watch the corn grow . one day it 's over he head . stauffenberg plenty of people think - berthold the great offender be not the one who think better but the one who sense better . stauffenberg what be you try to say ? berthold I seem to remember you tell I about report from the Ukraine - the ss force Jews to dig they own grave . you say then that Hitler should be remove . a officer 's duty , you say . what 's change ? stauffenberg I say senior officer . the only man that can get to he . berthold perhaps it do not matter that you succeed . stauffenberg look at berthold like he be crazy , but : berthold ( cont 'd ) perhaps it only matter that you try . do not you see ? someone have to stand up and show the world that not all of we be like he . 24 . stauffenberg even if they could remove Hitler , they can not hope to seize power . for God 's sake , they have no plan . berthold then give they one . find a way . he put a hand on stauffenberg 's arm . berthold ( cont 'd ) evil happen when good man do nothing . before stauffenberg can answer , new music come blast from the phonograph o.s . the unmistakable sound of wagner 's ride of the valkyry . stauffenberg Children , that be far too - he be cut off by the appearance of he four child , all wear cloak make of bed sheet , pot for helmet and brandish makeshift sword . they charge into the room , sing loudly and attack they father . he do he best to defend himself with one hand . they commotion cause the phonograph to skip . and you would think that 's where it end . we even pull back , create that effect . it take a moment to notice the wail sound we be suddenly hearing be not on the phonograph . Nina hear it first , then stauffenberg and berthold . finally the child freeze and the phonograph skip without they help . the glass on the table rattle . now we hear the wail quite clearly . a siren . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) air-raid . the adult herd the child out of the room . muffled concussion cause the phonograph to skip frequently , turn wagner 's masterpiece into a stutter . 28 int . stauffenberg flat - basement - night 28 the family rush down the stair , huddle in a corner - adult hold shiver child . the bomb be closer , louder . the wagner , the siren , the explosion fray the nerve . 25 . stauffenberg reach for Nina in the darkness , find she belly . her hand clamp around he - around they unborn child . boom . so close the child scream . Dust and debris fall from the ceiling . the needle rake the phonograph upstairs go back to the beginning . close on stauffenberg - on he eye . his thought as the bomb fall all around he home - a moment of profound realization ... 29 int . stauffenberg flat - live room - night 29 move across the room to the phonograph , look down at the 78 spin on the turntable . the camera begin to turn until all the world around we be spin and only the record be still . we read one word of the title of the 78 quite clearly : stauffenberg ( v.o. ) valkyrie . 30 int . smoky room - night 30 stauffenberg face the top member of the resistance . olbricht we have already consider valkyrie . it be not suitable . stauffenberg not as it 's currently write . goerdeler Excuse I . what be valkyrie ? tresckow operation valkyrie . tresckow explain even as he study stauffenberg , curious . what do he have in mind ? tresckow ( cont 'd ) the Reserve Army have thousand of man all over the city - most of they not even in uniform . valkyrie be top secret plan to mobilize that man in a national emergency . 26 . stauffenberg Hitler design it himself to crush any internal unrest if he 's cut off or kill . goerdeler and what use be that to we ? stauffenberg the order could be rewritten . a few subtle change would put that reserve unit completely under we command . olbricht yes , of course , but - stauffenberg now what would the High Command do if they think , say , the ss be staging a coup ? olbricht they would declare a military state of emergency . tresckow and initiate operation valkyrie . stauffenberg Hitler 's own Reserve Army , use Hitler 's own plan and under we command , would automatically seize power in Berlin ... goerdeler ( catch on ) while we put a new government in place . stauffenberg precisely . it will seem as though we be fight for Hitler government , not against it . goerdeler but only if Hitler 's dead . all eye turn to goerdeler . here we go . goerdeler ( cont 'd ) that be what you be say , be not it ? the central solution . 27 . goerdeler ( cont 'd ) how else will you make people believe the ss be try to seize power ? stauffenberg I be afraid it 's the only way . goerdeler I be disappointed in you , Colonel . I think a man of you background would appreciate a more - stauffenberg I be a soldier first , a aristocrat second . goerdeler yes , but - stauffenberg and you be neither , Doctor . now if you want to be chancellor , you will do as you be tell . a moment of tension . humiliate , goerdeler nod . but he will not ever forget this ... beck ( to tresckow ) can this plan be make to work ? tresckow rewriting the order be one thing - distribute it be another . a bomb can be disarm , recover if it fail . in this case we would be willfully circulate write evidence of high treason . ( think ) it 's the best idea we have hear yet . olbricht there be one ... small problem . tresckow ( realize ) fromm ... goerdeler who be fromm ? 28 . tresckow Commander of the Home Army . olbricht can put the reserve troops on alert , but only fromm can actually initiate valkyrie . beck can we get to he ? olbricht he 's a careerist pig . stauffenberg but one who 's go as high as he can go in Hitler 's Army . it 's no secret he 's not happy about it . tresckow perhaps if we offer he a key position in the new regime he could be make to see the light . beck we do not seem to have a choice . without fromm there be no valkyrie . ( to olbricht and stauffenberg ) get he . we end on goerdeler , a look of concern on he face . 31 int . war ministry - waiting room - day 31 title : reich war ministry - office of general friedrich fromm . mute shout from o.s. someone be get ream . fromm 's adjutant , lieutenant franz herber - a young , dedicated soldier - sit at he desk , try to ignore the scream from the other room in between steal glance at ... pull back to reveal : stauffenberg and olbricht wait patiently , sit across from : major JOHN von freyend , a dutiful Nazi whose face we immediately do not like . he smile coldly , take pleasure in the shouting o.s. he stare at stauffenberg , study he , make we nervous . fromm 's door finally open and a bigger than life nazi storm out . 29 . title : field marshal wilhelm keitel - hitler' chief of staff . freyend stand , hold keitel 's hat and coat for he . a perfect toady . keitel you be a woman , fromm . and a fat one at that . I would have you send to the front if I do not think you would surrender just to be Montgomery 's whore . keitel storm out , leave a pall . freyend give stauffenberg a last once - over and follow . beat : herber the ... General will see you now . 32 int . war ministry - fromm's office - continuous 32 stauffenberg and olbricht step inside to find : title : general friedrich fromm - commander of the german reserve army . the haggard fromm sit at he desk , rub he temple . stauffenberg and olbricht share a confident look . surely this guy hate the High Command . without look up to see they : fromm what be it you want ? olbricht hesitates . fromm look up . fromm ( cont 'd ) well , olbricht ? speak up . olbricht I want to introduce you to we new man - Colonel stauffenberg . fromm ah yes - the hero from Africa . I would offer my hand but you might not give it back . stauffenberg I would say the General 's lose more important thing this morning . 30 . freeze . but after a tense beat , fromm relax and laugh , take a cigarette from a box on he desk and nudging it toward they . fromm about time they put a man with ball in this office . have a seat . ( to olbricht ) you too , if you must . they sit . fromm light a cigarette , lean back and exhales a cloud of smoke . we let thing sit for awhile . the game of recruitment be about to begin and no one be sure where to start . the longer the quiet , the more awkward thing seem . finally : fromm ( cont 'd ) they tell I you be critical of the war , Colonel . not that you do not seem to have good reason . stauffenberg I be critical of lose the war , General . all war - as in Africa - be lose through indecision . fromm in the field , you mean . he 's bait stauffenberg to talk shit about Hitler . stauffenberg in Berlin . fromm I take it that 's why you be here . to make decision . stauffenberg I have make my decision , General . i`m here to help other make theirs . stauffenberg make no attempt to shade he delivery . he be quite clearly indicate that he mean more . fromm know it , but he 's be coy . fromm they say when there 's no clear option , one should do nothing . stauffenberg we be at war . we must act . sometimes ... rashly . 31 . fromm just what sort of rash action do you have in mind , Colonel ? stauffenberg that would be a decision for the Supreme military Commander . fromm be get the message . he take a deep drag . fromm Supreme Commander , you say . stauffenberg second only to the chancellor . fromm if only I be that man ... this war would be go quite differently . olbricht we be think the very same thing . fromm frown at olbricht . this be a bit too obvious . stauffenberg shoot olbricht a look . " what the hell be you do ? " fromm casually stamp out he cigarette in the ashtray and pick up the telephone . olbricht and stauffenberg steel they nerve - certain they be go to be report . but fromm do not dial . instead , to we relief , he disconnect the line . when he be certain that it be dead : fromm I do not need to remind you that we have all swear a oath . that say , I be go to forget we have this conversation with the understanding that such speak will never occur under this roof again . be I clear ? stauffenberg /olbricht yes , sir . fromm tell you friend that I always come down on the right side . and as long as the führer be alive , you know what side that be . 32 . fromm ( cont 'd ) ( raise he hand ) Heil Hitler . 33 int . war ministry - corridor - continuous 33 olbricht ( try to be upbeat ) I think that go rather well . stauffenberg yes ... quite . 34 ext . stauffenberg flat - day 34 a car load with luggage . stauffenberg hug he child , one by one , before place they inside . then he turn to face Nina . as always , there be much to be say that they can not say . she gently touch the silver chain around he neck , the ring and the cross she give he . they embrace tightly and kiss . she get in the car , look at he through the back window as she be drive away . 35 ext . forest - night 35 darkness . as we eye adjust we realize we be in the middle of the wood . be this a dream ? a nightmare ? we be draw toward a flicker light in the distance . 36 ext . forest - clearing - night 36 from out of the darkness come a candle hold by a nervous , almost mousy young woman , fraulein von oven . walk just behind she be tresckow . he carry a small but heavy case in one hand . they come to a clear in the wood and find a strange sight . in the center be a tree stump surround by papers , include the original order for operation valkyrie , next to a leather valise mark with the seal of the Reich . the order have be meticulously annotate . voice ( o.s. ) be you follow ? 33. fraulein oven gasp . tresckow turn , pistol draw . the tip of he barrel come up just inch from stauffenberg 's eyepatch . stauffenberg smile , emerge from the shadow . tresckow dammit , stauffenberg . you scared I half to death . stauffenberg we will be closer than that before we be finish . 37 ext . forest - later 37 wearing white glove , fraulein oven open the case tresckow bring , revealing a portable typewriter . she carefully feed a sheet of crisp parchment into the machine and set the margin carefully . pause . then she start type with remarkable speed . ( note : the sound of type run throughout the scene , punctuate by the crack of the carriage return - each time a little louder . ) stauffenberg and tresckow carefully pore over the valkyrie order , scribbling copious note . tresckow look this over , I be not satisfied that the Reserve Army be enough to shut down Berlin completely . stauffenberg ( hand over papers ) yes , I have be give that some think . we should include any field unit that be home on leave . before tresckow can respond , more papers : stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) I have also draw up a outline for order to streamline combat group in order to quietly concentrate force at vital point - state and government building , of course , but also the radio and newspaper . more papers . tresckow can barely keep up . 34 . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) combat group will be reorganize as reinforce grenadier regiment . one or two of they can be quickly mobilize , eliminate the usual six hour lag . we blitz the government quarter , arrest all minister and Party leader , surround all ss and police barrack . any officer who resist will be arrest ... or shot . crack . a carriage return as loud as a rifle-shot . 38 ext . berlin - STREET - later 38 a truck full of soldier roar past . stauffenberg , tresckow and fraulein oven walk across a dimly light bridge on a foggy night in Berlin , stop in the middle . stauffenberg carry a leather valise with the valkyrie order , tresckow carry the typewriter case . they stop at the center of the bridge , look around carefully . no one be in sight , but anyone could be watch from the shadow . eerie . stauffenberg ( to the fraulein ) if anyone come to you , play ignorant . just tell they - fraulein oven I will tell that I be serve the german people . then I will tell they to go to hell . both man smile , a bit take aback . von oven shake each man 's hand and walk away , swallow up by the darkness . when she be go : tresckow to operation valkyrie . stauffenberg nod . tresckow heave the typewriter case over the railing and into the water below . splash . they watch in silence as the water settles , then : 35 . tresckow ( cont 'd ) I have be transfer to the front . stauffenberg ( shocked ) why do not you tell I ? tresckow would you have stay ? obviously not . then it occur to stauffenberg . stauffenberg do you think fromm report we ? tresckow it 's more likely just ... a unfortunate coincidence . anyway it do not matter . you write the order . you know they better than anyone . stauffenberg you do not mean to say - tresckow I be appoint you military leader of the resistance . beck agree . stauffenberg but olbricht - tresckow we both know olbricht have not the wit or the spine . no . it 's you . a million thought be run through stauffenberg 's mind . fear. anxiety . but he know what he must do . tresckow ( cont 'd ) one more thing . you be right what you say that first night . it 's not enough to kill Hitler . we need to isolate he chain of command . the slight confusion could crush we . we need to be certain that no conflict order get out after the flash . stauffenberg consider this for a moment . 36 . stauffenberg that greatly limit we option of where and when to make we move , but it 's the only way . tresckow how will you do it ? stauffenberg perhaps it 's better I do not say . pause . a sad smile and nod from tresckow , a moment ago he be in charge . now he have no clearance . tresckow God promise abraham that he would not destroy sodom if he could find just ten righteous man . he put a hand on stauffenberg 's shoulder . tresckow ( cont 'd ) I have a feel that for Germany it may come down to one . 39 int . officer ' club - berlin - night 39 a wild party - a small band , german officer , plenty of woman . in stark contrast , two gestapo men sip coffee at a corner table , keep a watchful eye on the crowd . a waiter carry a tray of drink to a rowdy group in the corner who be immerse in the denial common to Berlin this day . the waiter serve carefully , make sure one particular drink go to : title : general erich fellgiebel - chief of the army signal corp . the group toast and downs they booze . close on : fellgiebel 's smile suddenly fade . he look into he glass , he good mood vanish . he politely excuse himself over the noise of the rowdy mob and head for the bathroom . he look ill . 37 . 40 int . bathroom - night 40 fellgiebel walk to the sink and dump what be leave of he drink in the basin . close on : mingling among the melting chunks of ice be a glass eye stare back at he . he scowl in the mirror at stauffenberg , wait . fellgiebel you realize how close I be to Hitler . with one word I could have the gestapo make you disappear . stauffenberg why have not you then ? fellgiebel check the stall to make sure they be empty . stauffenberg collect he glass eye from the sink , dabbing it dry on a hand towel . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) none of my associate know we have be talk if that 's what you be afraid of . fellgiebel but you know . and when the ss catch you , they will pull you apart like warm bread . it will be a crime just to have know you then . I warn you . if it mean protect myself , I will expose you . do not try to contact I again . fellgiebel head for the door but stop on : stauffenberg you can not report I . maybe if you have when I first approach you , you would have be keep you oath . but now you be just as guilty as - fellgiebel so you think that make I a sympathizer , eh ? you give a man the choice of betray a fellow officer or he führer and assume he action will show you he heart . it 's not that simple . 38 . stauffenberg it be to I . fellgiebel for the last time , do not push I to make a decision . stauffenberg I have no choice . it 's clear now that without you we have no hope of success . pause . fellgiebel 's silence speak volume . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) you want we to succeed . do not you ? fellgiebel and what if you do , eh ? what then ? will you be any different from Hitler ? what of he Reich , he people , the very momentum of history ? will all of that let you be something he be not ? stauffenberg no . fellgiebel there it be . stauffenberg but my pregnant wife , we four child , the Germany I first swore to defend ... they demand that I be something different . they demand that I fight for they future even if it mean ... and for a moment he voice break and he choke back what may be tear . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) even if it mean that I never see they again . in that moment we see a side of stauffenberg we be start to doubt exist . we see he humanity . this put fellgiebel in he place . he adjust he tie and we see the wedding ring on he finger . 39 . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) action be inevitable . as be the consequence . when they come for I I will do what I can to hide what you know and when you know it . ( step closer now ) but do not delude yourself . you be involved in a crime against you country long before you meet I . there 's still time to redeem yourself . only God can judge you now . bang . the door burst open , startling they both . but it be only a drunken officer and a young woman look for some privacy . drunken officer be you two finish or just get start ? the woman laugh . stauffenberg walk out past they , leave fellgiebel with Hitler 's finest . 41 int . war ministry - stauffenberg's office - day 41 what first catch we eye be the enormous portrait of Hitler loom over stauffenberg 's desk . stauffenberg sit before a mountain of paperwork , surround on all side by a flurry of secretary and aide . he look up to find : olbricht hover in the doorway with that look that say , " we need to talk . " stauffenberg clearly do not have the time . he sigh . stauffenberg leave we , please . the staff instantly exit - a well - oile machine . stauffenberg unplug the phone . olbricht you play the part of bureaucrat beautifully . stauffenberg it 's the only time I can relax . 40 . olbricht there 's a man here to interview as you adjutant . stauffenberg adjut - what for ? olbricht no one tell you ? ( obviously not ) you have be promote Chief of staff for the Reserve Army . some man might find a promotion to be good news . not stauffenberg . stauffenberg for Christ 's sake . do not I have enough to do ? olbricht unfortunately , you nocturnal activity do not count as service to the Reich . stauffenberg I will refuse the promotion . olbricht you will do no such thing . stauffenberg dammit , I can not handle the work I already - olbricht this be a opportunity we could never have dream of . you be in the inner circle now - with genuine access to Hitler , he advisor , he schedule ... we need this . stauffenberg we be not ready . we be move too fast . olbricht not half as fast as the ally . a invasion be come , Colonel . any day now . we must act and we must act soon . 41 . olbricht ( cont 'd ) tresckow may have leave you in charge of the " central solution , " but in this world I still outrank you . you will accept the appointment . be that understand ? stauffenberg nod , grudgingly . olbricht ( cont 'd ) now . the new man be wait outside . he come highly recommend . he might even be a ideal candidate . stauffenberg for what ? olbricht ( smile ) we still need a assassin . olbricht leave . stauffenberg let this sink in . he take a seat and go back to work . after a moment : a handsome soldier ( 36 ) quietly enter . title : lieutenant werner von haeften - reservist . wounded during the russian campaign . haeften click he heel and offer the Nazi salute , but before he can say the word : stauffenberg be seat . thrown , haeften sit . stauffenberg continue write , ignore he . haeften look up at the portrait of Hitler , startle when stauffenberg finally speak : stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) do you know how this war will end , haeften ? the portrait will be un - hang ... and the man will be hang . stauffenberg look up - look for a reaction to such frank and treasonous talk . he get none . he sigh , too tired to play game . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) bottom line . I be engage in high treason with all mean available to I . can I count you in ? 42 . and the strangest thing - a reaction no one would suspect - haeften relax , almost sigh , like someone who have at long last find a home . haeften for anything , sir . anything at all . stauffenberg anything be a very dangerous word . 42 ext . normandy - various - day / night 42 title : 6 JUNE 1944 . newsreel footage of d-day . ally force invade normandy . the liberation of Europe have begin . but this be not the D - Day you learn about in history class . this be a german newsreel . Nazi spin . in it , Hitler 's force have nothing to fear . newscaster ( v.o. ) ( subtitles ) the ally force have blunder into the trap await they on the beach of normandy - heroically repell by the combine might of the german Army . it be a glorious day for the Reich . at long last the craven enemy have come to Europe to face they inevitable defeat at the hand of - 43 int . military sedan - night 43 haeften five thousand ship , one -hundre thousand man from the combine ally force . haeften and stauffenberg ride in a sedan . stauffenberg be in profile the entire time . stauffenberg what about the panzer division in - haeften they be never dispatch . Word be Hitler take a sleep pill . his staff be afraid to wake he . 43. stauffenberg first Africa , now France . haeften the Russians bear down from the East . stauffenberg sometimes I wonder if Hitler 's real aim be to leave nothing but scorched earth for all of Europe . stauffenberg rub he forehead . the car stop . soldier be wait outside . stauffenberg get out of the car wear a ornate dress uniform and carry a leather valise . he have arrive at a meeting of great importance . he turn to face haeften directly and we be surprised to see both of he eye - for a instant the young lion he once be . but a closer look be unsettle - we see the faint scarring , one eye glow and alive , the other cloudy and dead . his glass eye . stauffenberg only wear it on special occasion . this be one . haeften maybe this be a bless in disguise . maybe he will finally listen to reason - consider a truce while he still can . stauffenberg we will see if I can not convince he . 44 ext . the berghof - night 44 est. Hitler 's forbode southern headquarters . title : the berghof . 7 JUNE 1944 . stauffenberg walk up a flight of wide marble stair - at the top he see a group of waiting adjutant quietly smoking cigarettes - a clique of devote Nazis . in the group be Major freyend , the wormy officer we see outside fromm 's office . he watch stauffenberg pass , aloof . we hate he . 44 . just then stauffenberg be greet by two ss officer who move to physically search he - one he body , the other he valise . voice ( o.s. ) you do not need to search he . angle on : fromm 's adjutant , Lt. herber approach , wave off the ss . herber Colonel stauffenberg be a honore guest . the hero of Africa . the ss officer stand down . herber and stauffenberg share a friendly smile , about to speak when fromm walk up on they : fromm for God 's sake , stauffenberg , you be - he pause , clearly catch off guard when he see stauffenberg with two eye . fromm ( cont 'd ) ... they be wait for you . 45 int . the berghof - conference room - night 45 stauffenberg and fromm enter to the last thing we would expect . laughter . drunken laughter . pull back to reveal : the big six . Hitler and five man - some of they almost caricature , they feature so distinct . the first man we recognize as keitel - the general who ream fromm . the other we know from history and title : minister albert speer - architect for the new reich . dr . joseph goebbel - reich minister of public enlightenment and propaganda . reichsführer heinrich himmler - head of the ss and gestapo . reich marshal hermann goering - head of the german armed force , hitler' second in command . 45 . we have arrive in the sanctum sanatorium of Nazi Germany on the day after the normandy invasion . but you would never know the tide of the war have just turn against Germany . a series of situation map be scattered before they , ignore . only speer seem to be reserve , smile politely but clearly tune into the present reality . look closer at goer we see he be wear heavy make - up - add to the already surreal nature of the scene . it be also the first time we be allow a clear , unobstructed view of Hitler . fromm mein führer ... I wish to present Colonel Claus von stauffenberg - we new Chief of General staff for the replacement Army . the laughter stop . Hitler and he croney turn toward stauffenberg , look he over . Hitler stand and cross to he . fromm meet he first , whisper in the führer 's ear - perhaps remind he who stauffenberg be . Hitler nod : " ah yes . " he take stauffenberg 's leave hand with both of he . we be surprised by he charm . hitler May I say , I be honore to meet a hero who have sacrifice so much for Germany . if only more of my officer be like you . Hitler 's croney smile despite the subtle insult to themselves . to make it worse , Hitler turn to they . hitler ( cont 'd ) let this man stand as a example to all of you . he be the ideal german officer . fromm nervously clear he throat . fromm mein führer , we have ask stauffenberg here today so that he might brief we on mobilize troops from the Home Army to support that in normandy . 46 . hitler hmmm ? oh yes , normandy . that will no longer be necessary . General goer have assure I that normandy be under control . stauffenberg 's good eye flicker . " be you insane ? normandy be a catastrophe . " another glance at the situation map show ally force over-run . but the paint - on smile of Hitler 's nodd croney promote the lie . no one have the courage to tell Hitler anything close to the truth . somewhere in they eye be the fear that someone will . stauffenberg mein führer , if I may ... the situation in normandy be - keitel you be dismiss , stauffenberg . stauffenberg but - keitel send you man home , fromm . then bring we some brandy . fromm be stung - a man of he rank be treat like a waiter . stauffenberg step back , click he heel and salute , just manage to say : stauffenberg Heil Hitler . Hitler half wave , walk slowly back to he seat . fromm and stauffenberg leave . 46 ext . the berghof - night 46 fromm escort a visibly shake stauffenberg to he wait vehicle . haeften open the car door for stauffenberg to get in . fromm lean in . fromm I do not know what you have get brewing and I do not want to know ... but when the music stop , I would be much oblige if keitel should find himself without a chair . 47 . be fromm say he 's in ? be keitel 's death a condition ? hard to say and mean to be . before stauffenberg can inquire , fromm slam the door shut and return to the madness inside the berghof . 47 int . military sedan - continuous 47 stauffenberg lean back in he seat , mentally calculate he next step . stauffenberg they be all insane . every one of they except for speer , and he 's nothing but a architect . stauffenberg put on he eyepatch before remove he glass eye . he polish it with a cloth and now it stare at he from he glove hand . a conscience . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) tell beck we have find we assassin ... ( off haeften 's confuse look ) I will do it myself . 48 int . church - night 48 we find ourselves in a empty church . beck be seat in a pew stare straight ahead . stauffenberg sit directly behind he . they can not risk be see together . they speak in hushed tone . the first thing we notice be how weak and ill beck look . he struggle to hide a persistent cough . beck out of the question . it will not work . we need you here in Berlin . stauffenberg who else , then ? who can even get as close ? beck know there be no other choice . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) valkyrie be very clear . once the order be give , the Reserve Army will automatically seize control of the government with or without I . 48 . beck order be not enough . they need a man to follow . the right man . pause . stauffenberg know he 's right . the fuck pressure . he think for a moment , then with a sigh : stauffenberg olbricht will oversee operation in my absence . I can be back in Berlin three hour after Hitler be - stauffenberg shut up , lowering he head in prayer as a clergyman pass . once they be again alone : beck Three very crucial hour . stauffenberg we both know there 's no other way . beck nod , resign . beck I will tell the other - as if on cue , beck lose control of he cough . stauffenberg lean forward , hand he a handkerchief and put a reassure hand on he shoulder until the old man 's hack subside . beck ( cont 'd ) I be afraid whatever the outcome , I will not be there to see it . stauffenberg nonsense . you be stronger than you think . you might just be the strongest one of all . 49 ext . stauffenberg home - bamberg - dusk 49 est . the sound of child at play take we to : 50 ext . stauffenberg home - back lawn - continuous 50 once again , the scene idyllic . the stauffenberg child play football in the distance . stauffenberg himself be out of uniform for the first time since the hospital , but he do not seem relaxed . 49 . Nina sit across from he , half - read a book , half talk to she husband . stauffenberg can not hear a word she be say - he be mile away . he look over at he child . one would never suspect that Germany have wage a calamitous war and that the country be face total devastation . nina ... after that I think I would take the child to the country for a few day to see my - Claus ? he snap out of he thought . " hmmm ? " nina ( cont 'd ) have you hear a word I say ? stauffenberg the country ... ( think ) Nina . listen . I want you to delay you trip . just for a while . she want to ask , he want to tell she . finally : nina do this have something to do with ... you work ? stauffenberg I would just be more comfortable know where you be - until I be back from Berlin . thing will be different then . I promise . Long pause . once again , a couple who know each other well enough to not have to say thing plainly . Nina be worried but strong . nina how long until ... until we see you ? stauffenberg a few day . if all go well . then we can travel as a family . nina and if thing ... do not go well ? he hesitates . 50 . stauffenberg I love you , Nina . nina and I love you ... what - child papa , come and play with US . ( etc . ) the child kick the ball toward stauffenberg - the one sport he can play . he be about to say something to Nina , but she cut he off . nina go be with you child . stauffenberg stand , touch Nina 's cheek and kissing she forehead . we stay on she as he join the child . she watch they play together , see she husband laugh for the first time in a long while . her eye well with tear - a mixture of happiness and anguish . too good to last , too much to bear . 51 int . smoky room - day 51 haeften , olbricht and stauffenberg stand around a table give they undivide attention to : title : colonel mertz von quirnheim - stauffenberg's replacement under olbricht . he empty the content of two tawny leather briefcase onto the table : along with a crude draw cover with calculation he produce two brick - like lump wrap in butcher paper , two small cap and two thin metal cylinder . mertz two 975 gram pack of plastic -w . enough explosive to cripple a panzer . ( point to cap ) you detonator . ( point to cylinder ) you fuse . british time pencil . this acid capsule be you trigger . stauffenberg carefully study the item before he . 51 . mertz ( cont 'd ) when you be ready to arm , attach the detonator to the bottom of the time pencil , like so ... ( demonstrate ) ... insert the entire device into either end of the plastic- W , crush the acid capsule and you be live . when the acid eat through the wire hold back the trigger spring ... well ... you will want to be very far away . olbricht what if they search you bag ? stauffenberg I be one of the inner circle now . they will make sure I be who I be . Beyond that , they will not touch I . ( to mertz ) how much time do I have ? mertz theoretically there 's a 30 - minute delay . but with the kind of heat you can expect at the Wolf 's lair , I would give you 10 , 15 minute top . haeften that 's ... hardly precise . mertz this be state of the art . you can have small or precise . not both . olbricht might this be just a little too small ? mertz the explosion will not do the kill . the air in the room will . he point to the draw - a overhead sketch of : mertz ( cont 'd ) Hitler 's bunker be construct of reenforce concrete . a steel door , no window . just one of this explosive in a space like that will cause tremendous air pressure . 52 . mertz ( cont 'd ) enough to instantly kill everyone present . the second charge will be entirely redundant . olbricht of course , I be all for redundancy . however ... if , by some miracle , Hitler do survive , what then ? stauffenberg we have a inside man at the Wolf 's lair in communication . he will notify you immediately follow the flash and then sever all contact with the outside world . the other be stunne . olbricht just how do you manage that ? stauffenberg it 's my job , be not it ? while Hitler 's inner circle be still regroup , you will initiate valkyrie and seize control in Paris and Berlin . even if Hitler survive , we will have momentum . mertz ( to olbricht ) but as you say yourself it would take a miracle . anyone in that bunker when just one of this go off be not come out alive . haeften place the item back in the briefcase . olbricht himmler be expect to be at the meeting as well . do not proceed unless you can get they both . stauffenberg that could be difficult . olbricht why kill a madman just to have a lunatic take he place ? stauffenberg this be goerdeler 's idea , be not it ? 53. olbricht the member be in total agreement on this . stauffenberg chew on this , piss . then : stauffenberg Fucking politician . I will hold off if the decision be unanimous . and I want another man on the committee . a soldier . a soldier himself , olbricht be insulted . olbricht and just who this soldier be ? stauffenberg glance at mertz , size he , up . stauffenberg ( point to mertz ) him . olbricht him ? mertz 's eye widen . " I ? " but stauffenberg and haeften pick up they briefcase and leave without another word . assassin . olbricht reach for the phone and dial . olbricht ( cont 'd ) this be General olbricht . order the Guard battalion and all Army school near Berlin to take up march readiness . stand by for operation valkyrie . clack-clack-clack-clack-clack ... 52 int . central communications - berlin - day 52 a small , bunker - like room serve as the hub of all military communication . the wall be line with chatter teletype machine and they operator . close on : one teletype in particular . the word be click by quickly but we clearly make out : stand by for operation valkyrie ... 54 . one sergeant helm lean in , read it , curious . he tear the sheet out of the teletype and take it to : the officious lieutenant haan - officer in charge . he like he job and how well he do it . helm ( hand over the order ) Lieutenant . haan what about it ? helm this order be call the Reserve Army for some sort of stand - by action ... in Berlin . haan ( shrug ) look like a drill of some kind . helm valkyrie ? I have never hear of that . haan send the order through , sergeant . a shrill whistle and a wailing siren take we to ... ext . berlin - various - day Shots of scattered element of the Reserve Army come together , take shape : reservist and cadet , from all walk of life , rush to they home , hastily trading they civilian clothes for uniform . 54 ext . airfield - rangsdorf - day 54 title : 15 JULY 1944 . stauffenberg and haeften board a wait courier plane , prepare for departure . both be clutching they briefcase , face like stone . stauffenberg be dress once again in he ornate , formal attire - he patch go , glass eye in place . 55 . ext . deutschland guard battalion - berlin - day AIR siren wail . a sculpted eagle and swastika loom over a large pillare stronghold . from out of the surround barrack , reserve soldier scramble to march readiness , assemble on the center parade grounds , await order . vehicle move into place along the perimeter . all in all , a well - oile machine . close on the berlin commandant - general paul von hase - issue the alert signal . AIR siren wail . reserve soldier scramble into readiness . vehicle move into place - a well - oile machine . we focus on two officer in particular : major otto ernst remer , Commander of the deutschland Guard battalion , and second lieutenant dr . han hagen . loyal Nazis both . remer what do you suppose this be all about ? hagen probably just a drill . but remer do not seem convinced . remember he . 56 int . / ext . various - day 56 Shots of stauffenberg and haeften deplane / get into a wait car / slowly make they way to they destination . finally , they arrive at : 57 ext . wolf lair - day 57 est . a 625 acre compound hide deep in the mosquito infest forest of wilhelmsdorf . Security be tight - barb wire fencing , checkpoint , flak tower , machine gun nest , trenches , land mine . title : wolfschanze - " the wolf lair " . hitler' bavarian headquarters . 56 . 58 ext . wolf lair - MAIN gate - day 58 the car carry stauffenberg and haeften arrive at the first security checkpoint . two guard check identity papers and confiscate pistol from haeften and the Driver . stauffenberg boldly extend he valise to one of the Guards , but rather than reach for it , the young soldier snap to attention and raise he hand in a Nazi salute , eye straight ahead , stone-like . a drine . after a awkward pause : stauffenberg ( to the Driver ) drive on . ext . wolf lair - various - day close on stauffenberg's bag . a series of jump cut follow the bag through the extensive security layer one must endure before get to the meeting . id be check frequently . the bag , not once . the man here be Hitler 's inner circle , after all . 59 ext . wolf lair - compound - day 59 finally , stauffenberg and haeften be escort toward the bunker where the meeting will be hold . pause , stauffenberg look back over he shoulder to find : the communications hut - through the open door of the small shack we see a mass of radio and telegraph . a lone figure stand outside , smoking a cigarette . haeften ( whisper to haeften ) you man ? yes . and it be none other than general erich fellgiebel , the man stauffenberg confront in the bathroom at the officer ' Club so long ago . he and stauffenberg share a long , intense stare . finally , fellgiebel nod , drop he cigarette and crush it with he boot . he 's in . stauffenberg and haeften head inside the impervious bunker through the heavy steel door . 57 . 60 int . wolf lair - bunker - briefing room - day 60 stauffenberg and haeften find themselves in a cramped , hot , windowless room fill with various officer wait around a large conference table . silence . a moment later , Hitler enter - keitel and fromm follow close behind . heel click in unison . keitel start the meeting , but stauffenberg be not listen . while all eye follow Hitler , stauffenberg watch the door , scan the face in the room . stauffenberg ( whisper ) himmler . where be himmler ? haeften do not see he either . shit . keitel ... now for the first order of business . fromm , I believe you will brief we on block division for the Eastern Front ... stauffenberg silently excuse himself from the room . we hold on he briefcase . remember where he leave it . 61 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - day 61 the phone ring . a wait mertz grab it . mertz General olbricht 's Office . ( suddenly nervous ) hold the line . ( to olbricht ) stauffenberg say himmler 's not at the briefing . he want to proceed . all color drain from olbricht 's face . olbricht call beck . he leave . mertz roll he eye and dial a second phone . 58 . 62 int . smoky room - day 62 beck and goerdeler sit impatiently by the telephone , wait for any word on the assassination and impending coup . when the telephone ring : beck beck . he press the receiver tightly to he ear , a look of concern wash over he face . he turn to goerdeler . beck ( cont 'd ) himmler be not in the briefing . goerdeler 's reaction be vintage politician . blank . 63 int . wolf lair - bunker - hallway - day 63 close on a cigarette . we watch as stauffenberg smoke , wait , look at he watch - the sound of the meeting go on behind he . he drop he cigarette and we see a pile of three more . he have be wait while the other deliberate . finally : mertz ( on phone ) they say no . wait . ( note : intercut between mertz and stauffenberg . ) stauffenberg be furious . he calm himself . stauffenberg what do you say ? pause . mertz look around , make sure he be alone . mertz I say do it . stauffenberg hang up the phone . the moment of truth . 64 int . wolf lair - bunker - briefing room - day 64 stauffenberg quietly slip back into the briefing unnotice . he freeze : close on : the spot where stauffenberg leave he briefcase . remember ? well it 's go . 59 . he look around frantically . some officer notice he . tension mount . he get haeften 's attention . stauffenberg ( mouth ) my briefcase . before haeften can answer , fromm shoot they both a glare . " what the hell be you do ? " keitel ... gentleman . you be dismiss . and like that , the briefing have end . stauffenberg be sicken - the opportunity lose . Hitler exit , walk right past he . keitel and the rest file out . the last to leave be fromm . fromm that call better have be important . stauffenberg turn , come face - to- face with freyend , keitel 's hateful toady . he hold the miss briefcase . for a moment we be sure the jig be up . freyend you bag ... Colonel . he hand it over and leave . 65 ext . deutschland guard battalion - berlin - day 65 a military sedan skid to a stop outside the Guard battalion headquarters . olbricht jump from the car , racing to get General hase 's attention . large formation of soldier stand at attention in the hot sun , await order . hase ( whisper ) what the hell be go on ? my man have be stand here for a hour . I do not know what to tell they . close on remer ( the officer we tell you to remember ) stand before the rank . he eye hase and olbricht suspiciously , try to hear what they be say . after a moment , hase address the man . 60 . hase ( cont 'd ) at ease , gentleman . olbricht address the man , try unsuccessfully to hide he nerve . olbricht this have be a drill . you be all to be commend for you quick response . dismiss . pause . the man linger , confuse until : olbricht ( cont 'd ) heil hitler . soldier heil hitler . and the man fall out , nowhere to go so they just light up and shoot the shit . hagen approach remer . hagen what do I tell you ? a drill . but remer be not so sure . the way he stare at olbricht make we nervous . close on : olbricht see remer look at he , make note of the esteem knight's cross pin to remer 's uniform . olbricht lean toward hase . olbricht that man there . who be he ? hase Major remer ? he command the deutschland Guard battalion . what about he ? olbricht get rid of he . hase remer ? do not worry about he . he 's a order taker . to the bone . ah yes ... but whose order ? 61 . 66 int . war ministry - outside fromm's office - day 66 as usual , Lt. herber sit at he desk and , as usual , he try to ignore : mute shout through fromm 's office door . pull back to reveal stauffenberg and olbricht wait . they sit across from , freyend . a beat later , keitel storm out of fromm 's office , he face red with anger . deja vu . when keitel and freyend be go : herber look up from he desk with a nervous smile . herber the General will see you now . stauffenberg and olbricht stand , hat in hand . 67 int . war ministry - fromm's office - moment later 67 fromm how dare you put the Reserve Army on standby without my knowledge . you damn near cost I my commission . what in God 's name make you think you even have the authority ? olbricht it be only a drill . a exercise . fromm don't lie , olbricht . not to I . we both know it be no fuck drill . stauffenberg General , if I may - fromm you may not , Colonel . you may not do anything . because now you have not only show I you can not deliver , you have paint a target on my back . if I so much as sense you try to move the Reserve Army again , I will personally have you both arrest . do I make myself abundantly clear ? stauffenberg /olbricht yes , sir . 62 . fromm Heil Hitler . olbricht Heil Hitler . but stauffenberg turn to leave without answer . fromm I will hear you say it , Colonel . stauffenberg stop , glaring at fromm with he one eye . he square he shoulder , click he heel loudly and deliver a downright nazi-like : stauffenberg heil hitler . still manage to make it sound spiteful . he leave without be dismiss , slamm the door . 68 int . smoky room - night 68 it have be a long day , the resistance leader be all exhaust . beck , olbricht , witzleben , haeften and mertz watch goerdeler circle a rigid stauffenberg . goerdeler the point of you central solution be to replace Hitler so that we can negotiate a truce with the ally . the ally , I suspect , would be more amenable to a truce ... if we offer it to they before they be in fucking berlin . stauffenberg today be a matter of indecision - nothing more . a military operation in the hand of a politician . stauffenberg 's lack of respect infuriate goerdeler . goerdeler I do not think I be alone when I say you judgement be in question . ( to the other ) I would like to take a vote . beck Carl . 63. goerdeler I demand that we relieve colonel stauffenberg . beck Carl , if I may have a word with you in private . goerdeler if you have something to say , ludwig , say it here . say it now . beck very well . there 's no need to vote . beck turn to the bar , pour two drink . stauffenberg stiffen , ready for the axe . beck ( cont 'd ) I consider you a friend . and I look forward to the day when we can once again live as free man . but you have become a liability . goerdeler smile smugly . but the smile fade when beck turn , offer a drink to he . beck ( cont 'd ) I be sorry it have to be this way . goerdeler wha ... what be you say ? beck fellgiebel inform I this evening ... himmler 's issue a order for you arrest . you will have to leave Germany . tonight . when we have succeed with the central solution you will return as chancellor . until then - goerdeler stand , confront stauffenberg . goerdeler this be you do , be not it ? isn't it ? you can not just get rid of I like this . I be the man Germany will follow . I be ... I ... stauffenberg say nothing . he 's too cool . goerdeler look at the other conspirator , but no one be go to speak for he . finally , almost in tear : 64 . goerdeler ( cont 'd ) ludwig , I - beck offer he a envelope . beck disappear , Carl . avoid contact with anyone . Ugly pause . goerdeler snatch the envelope and sulk out . we could not be happier to see he go . beck cough , turn to stauffenberg . beck ( cont 'd ) no more indecision . from now on , stauffenberg have discretion . olbricht I can not issue valkyrie again unless we follow through . if he fail to - stauffenberg I will do my job . you just take Berlin . int . stauffenberg's berlin flat - night close on : a telephone . stauffenberg 's three finger hand pick up the receiver and lift it out of frame . stauffenberg ( v.o. ) I would like to place a call to bamberg , please . int . stauffenberg home - bamberg - night Nina and she child eat supper around a single candle , bamberg be experience a blackout . though Nina manage a tranquil facade she be anything but . angle on : the silent telephone in the foreground . we wait for it to ring , but it never do . int . church - night beck enter to find stauffenberg in the front pew , stare at Christ on the cross . 65 . beck have you make you peace with God , then ? stauffenberg as best I can . beck then you have nothing to fear . stauffenberg manage a smile as beck sit . stauffenberg I know the soldier inside I be a traitor . I wonder how I will be judge as a man . beck by history ? stauffenberg by God . beck in the end , we answer only to ourselves . stauffenberg finger the cross and ring hang from the chain around he neck . beck ( cont 'd ) do you reach you wife ? stauffenberg bomb in ebingen . I can not get through . beck ebingen be a long way from bamberg . they be safe . you have see to that . ( realize ... ) to think ... you come to we a wounded soldier from Africa . now ... now you be both the architect and the assassin . I be still try to understand how this come to be . stauffenberg ( more to himself ) like a farmer watch the corn grow . one day it 's over he head ... 66 . beck what 's that ? stauffenberg nothing ... and the two man look up at the cross in silence . 71 ext . stauffenberg flat - daybreak 71 in this waking hour Berlin appear quite peaceful . only the distant sound of shelling remind we that the city be surround by war . 72 int . stauffenberg flat - bedroom - continuous 72 a tawny leather briefcase sit on a neatly make bed . stauffenberg , freshly bath and wrap in a towel , shave in front of the mirror . for the first time we see he scar and deformity in full . he look himself over , finally focus on the chain around he neck , contemplate the small cross and the ring - its engrave : finis-initium [ end -begin ] . though he face be clean -shaven now , he continue , slowly run the razor down he throat . then he stop , press the blade a little too hard and bring blood . it almost seem intentional . close on : the box that hold he glass eye , stare . 73 int . stauffenberg flat - bedroom - later 73 stauffenberg have since master the process of dress himself . jump cut take we from a wounded soldier to a officer of the General staff . close on : his crisp white collar , pick up a trace of blood from the cut on he throat . 74 ext . stauffenberg flat - day 74 title : 20 JULY 1944 . 6:00 am . haeften hold the door for stauffenberg , step into a military sedan . 67 . 75 ext . berlin - various - day 75 for the first time we see Berlin in broad daylight - the city in ruin . the drive through the rubble , smoky street be particularly eerie today . 78 ext . airfield - rangsdorf - day 78 title : 7:00 am . haeften and stauffenberg board a three - engine courier plane - each carry a leather briefcase . a moment later the plane be take off . 79 int . smoky room - day 79 a group of 30 resistance officer talk quietly , smoking cigarettes and wait anxiously . many of the face we recognize , some we see for the first time . we notice witzleben have don he old military uniform , look a little too proud . beck look over the face of this man , try to contain he own fear . his eye catch the door open and a man in a decorate police uniform enter the room . we tense . one by one , the man in the room stop talk , stare at the police officer . just as we think it 's over : beck gentlemen , may I introduce Chief helldorf . he 's guarantee the full support of the Berlin Police . helldorf nod . the man breathe a collective sigh of relief . some laugh . many shake helldorf 's hand . beck ( cont 'd ) we can begin . beck move to a table cover with map of Berlin , Paris and the Wolf 's lair . beck ( cont 'd ) Hitler have schedule a military briefing for today at one o'clock . stauffenberg will strike regardless of who else be present . 68 . as beck speak , we see how thing should play out ... 80 ext . wolf lair - day 80 stauffenberg and haeften be drive in a topless sedan . each carry he leather briefcase . beck ( v.o. ) once in position , he will signal we once to alert the troops and again after the flash ... 81 ext . wolf lair - bunker - day 81 stauffenberg and haeften quickly get in the sedan - the concrete bunker just behind he - its steel door close . they speed out of frame a beat before a muffle explosion rock the bunker - the steel door bulge but hold fast . only a wisp of smoke escape . 82 int . war ministry - fromm's office - day 82 soldier burst into fromm 's office and arrest the bewilder General without incident . beck ( v.o. ) assume fromm refuse to join we , olbricht will take Command of the Reserve Army and initiate operation valkyrie . olbricht take fromm 's place and start make call . at least this be how it should happen ... 83 int . / ext . berlin - various - day 83 establish shot of the idle troops and equipment as they be once again call into action . beck ( v.o. ) then he will notify all district commander between Paris and Berlin that the ss be attempt to seize power . the Reserve Army will arrest all ss , gestapo and Nazi official . the same soldier be now storming government building and seize personnel . 69 . 84 int . war ministry - day 84 witzleben and beck march in with armed soldier . beck ( v.o. ) when the time be right , witzleben and I will arrive at the War Ministry and assume the role of Commander of the armed force and head of State , respectively . 85 int . radio station - day 85 goerdeler stand at a radio microphone , read passionately from a prepare script with dramatic gesture painfully reminiscent of Hitler . beck ( v.o. ) with Berlin secure , goerdeler will return and address the nation as we new chancellor . then , God willing , we can negotiate a truce with the ally and spare Europe from total destruction . 86 int . smoky room - day 86 beck gentlemen , this be the most important day of you life . Long live sacred Germany . the conspirator salute and leave . beck place both hand on the table to support himself , cough and exhaust . then he look nervously at he watch ... 87 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - day 87 olbricht pace before he desk . mertz watch he , anxiously wait for : mertz put the Reserve Army on standby alert . olbricht not until I hear from stauffenberg . not until I be sure . 70 . mertz but that 's not what he - olbricht noted , Colonel . thank you . 88 ext . airfield - rastenburg - day 88 the plane touch down and taxi to a stop . stauffenberg and haeften deplane and immediately step into a wait courier car drive by a young , dutiful Nazi . second lieutenant kretz . remember he . 89 ext . wolf lair - day 89 even this early , the heat be oppressive . we watch from a distance as the courier car be stop at the outer checkpoint . once again , the guard carefully examine stauffenberg and haeften 's identification and take they pistol before allow the car to pass . we follow . 90 ext . wolf lair - keitel be office - day 90 est. field marshal wilhelm keitel 's office as the courier car arrive . stauffenberg and haeften be greet by freyend who show they to : 91 int . keitel be office - waiting room - continuous 91 two officer be already wait . they stand ... freyend gentlemen , may I present Colonel Claus von stauffenberg - Chief Officer of the Reserve Army . officer # 1 Colonel stauffenberg . this be a honor . they say you be the man that will defend Berlin from the Red Army single - hand - the officer realize what a faux pas he have make as soon as he say it . unfaze , stauffenberg smile , raise he briefcase with he single hand . 71 . stauffenberg indeed . I have get the whole bag of trick right here . the officer laugh nervously , relieved he be not insulted . idiot . meanwhile , freyend step toward haeften , reach for the handle of he briefcase . freyend let I take that for you . but haeften snap the case back . freyend raise a suspicious eye . before he can press : voice ( o.s. ) Colonel stauffenberg ? everyone turn to find General fellgiebel stand at the door . everyone stand at attention . fellgiebel at east , gentlemen . ( to stauffenberg ) General fellgiebel , communication . I just want to meet the hero of Africa ... and see if there 's anything you need . stauffenberg yes , sir , there be . I be expect a call of the utmost importance . even if it come when I be in conference with the führer I would appreciate it if you have a man come and get I . beat . fellgiebel and stauffenberg share a instant look of understanding . fellgiebel of course , Colonel . fellgiebel salute . stauffenberg and the other return it as fellgiebel depart . just then , keitel burst from he office , fix he tie . keitel gentlemen . the meeting have be push forward to 12:30 . mussolini be arrive on the afternoon train and Hitler want to have lunch with he . stauffenberg be excited by a potential bonus . 72 . stauffenberg will mussolini be in the briefing ? keitel I only wish he be . then some ambitious officer might take the opportunity to shoot the dago bastard . keitel make a beeline for the door and the other follow like good sheep . stauffenberg hold back , however , attract freyend 's attention . stauffenberg I will need a place to wash up - change my shirt . stauffenberg point to the shave cut on he throat and the tiny blood stain on he shirt . the cut be intentional after all . annoy , freyend motion to the adjoin anteroom . freyend please , do be quick . you hear the General . stauffenberg nod in appreciation . he motion for haeften to follow he . freyend watch , curious . 92 int . keitel be office - changing room - day 92 fast on stauffenberg 's heel , haeften close the door . a large portrait of Hitler loom , watch . stauffenberg position himself at a small desk with he back to the door . he remove a brick of plastic explosive from he briefcase . haeften ( whisper ) you be arming they ... now ? stauffenberg quickly unbutton he shirt , take a clean one out of he bag and put it on as : haeften assemble a fuse . stauffenberg no room for error this time . assume I have ten minute in this heat . 73. stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) two minute for the walk , one for the security check and one to the bunker . Three minute for the walk back . that 's seven . haeften leave just three minute to place the bomb . stauffenberg plenty of time . haeften if the bomb go off in ten . he carefully insert the fuse into the explosive . the ring of a telephone startles we . 93 int . keitel be office - waiting room - day 93 close on the telephone . freyend answer . freyend Major freyend speak . ( beat ) stauffenberg ? yes , he 's arrive ... they be on they way now . freyend hang up , glance impatiently at he watch . 94 int . keitel be office - changing room - day 94 neatly dress again , stauffenberg carefully place the prime explosive back in he briefcase . he and haeften turn they attention to the second explosive - assemble the fuse , about to insert it when : bang . the door swing suddenly open - stop short by stauffenberg 's backside . he nearly drop the fuse . stauffenberg dammit man , what be it ? it 's freyend , of course , try to peer through the partially open door . stauffenberg hide the bomb with he body . freyend General keitel insist that the Colonel please hurry . 74 . haeften scoops the unarm explosive into he briefcase . stauffenberg motion for haeften to leave . 95 int . keitel be office - hallway - day 95 haeften come out , move freyend back with he body and shutting the door behind he - a charge moment . haeften the Colonel be change , Major . you understand this can be difficult . freyend back down . a little . 96 int . keitel be office - changing room - day 96 stauffenberg produce a pair of plier ( one handle specially bent for easier use by a man with only three finger ) . with some effort , he manage to secure the plier around the fuse . close on the acid capsule of the fuse . the jaw of the plier gently squeeze , crush it . the bomb be live . there be no turn back now . stauffenberg close he briefcase and open the door , greet by freyend and haeften . 97 ext . wolf lair - outside keitel be office - day 97 freyend scurries , try to catch up with keitel . stauffenberg and haeften lag behind . stauffenberg ( to haeften ) see that the car be ready . haeften look down at the briefcase in he hand - the second , unarm explosive inside . haeften but sir - stauffenberg I have everything I need , Lieutenant . thank you . haeften reluctantly take he leave just as freyend turn back , eager for stauffenberg to pick up the pace . he reach for the briefcase . 75 . freyend please . let I help you with that . stauffenberg ( pull it away ) I can manage , thank you . freyend seem more than just a little peeve . but stauffenberg do not notice . he be focus straight ahead , mentally calculate what time he have leave . the bunker suddenly seem mile away . 98 ext . wolf lair - outside bunker - day 98 Security perimeter i. keitel and he man file through the heavily guard entrance . each man hold up he pass for the guard to inspect . stauffenberg be last . keitel head toward a wooden structure up ahead - away from the bunker . stauffenberg be confuse . stauffenberg where be they go ? freyend it 's too hot . the briefing have be move to the conference hut . angle on : the conference hut . the door and many window of the flimsy wooden structure be all open . not ideal for generate the deadly air pressure vital to stauffenberg 's plan . but this obstacle only seem to strengthen he resolve . he be a soldier after all . and no military operation go accord to plan . make matter worse : freyend ( cont 'd ) Sir , you briefcase . I insist . annoy but not want to arouse suspicion , stauffenberg finally acquiesce , hand it over . he watch freyend carry the bomb into the hut . pause . stauffenberg look back over he shoulder to : fellgiebel - stand by the communication building . the man who will get stauffenberg out of the room before the bomb go off . they share a nod . then stauffenberg step into the hut . 76 . 99 int . conference hut - hallway - continuous 99 in the room beyond we see Hitler at the end of a long table surround by ranking officer . one by one , they present they individual briefing to the nodd führer . stauffenberg whisper to freyend . stauffenberg my injury leave I a bit hard of hearing . see that you place I as near the führer as possible . freyend nod , but for now he concern be elsewhere - wrangle everyone into the meeting . like the other officer , stauffenberg hang up he belt and hat on hook at the entrance to the briefing room . he catch sight of sergeant -major adam , the conference hut 's young telephone operator . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) sergeant . I be expect a urgent call from Berlin ... 100 int . conference hut - briefing room - day 100 a small room measure 15 by 32 foot . stifl heat . we notice again that the window be open to let in some air . Hitler and he officer hunch over a long , heavy table cover in detailed map of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union . lieutenant and sergeant continually tiptoe in and out of the room . a general stand beside Hitler in the middle of he briefing : general the Eastern Front force be assure a victory ... but they need reinforcement . in other word , they be get pound but he can not say that . the General be relive to be interrupt by keitel 's arrival . the briefing stop momentary as : keitel please pardon we tardiness ... you remember Colonel stauffenberg ? 77 . Hitler make a deliberate effort to shake stauffenberg 's hand , they eye lock - a unnerve moment . stauffenberg have come to kill this man greeting he . the moment be break when the General clear he throat , continue he presentation . general as you can see , mein führer , the situation in the East prussian sector be increasingly critical ... ( and on and on ... ) freyend startles stauffenberg slightly when he take he by the arm , move he to he place at the table - less than half a step from Hitler . he be squeeze in between two other officer . we suck in wind when we see who one of they be ... colonel heinz brandt - the same brandt who carry the bottle of cointreau onto Hitler 's plane so long ago . he still scribbles in he damn datebook . freyend set the briefcase beside stauffenberg - bump brandt 's leg . brandt look down at the briefcase - long enough to make we nervous . he watch as stauffenberg nonchalantly bend down , slide the briefcase as close to Hitler as possible , lean it against the heavy wooden table support immediately to the right of Hitler 's foot . stauffenberg look back at the open door , glance at he watch . he can clearly see sergeant Adam , the telephone operator . where be he god-damn phone call ? around he general talk , Hitler nod , but we hear nothing . only the pulse of stauffenberg 's heartbeat in he own ear - the only thing betray he otherwise outward calm . he look down at the briefcase - the bomb just under he foot . he look at Hitler nodd . the longer we stay , the more excruciate it be . so we milk it . stauffenberg be startle when a hand touch he arm . the annoying freyend be there , whisper in he ear . keitel see this , irritate by the interruption . stauffenberg make a gesture to keitel with he hand , indicate a phone call . keitel be not pleased . 78 . 101 int . conference hut - hallway - day 101 freyend lead stauffenberg to Adam who offer the telephone receiver . adam General fellgiebel , sir . he say it 's urgent . stauffenberg take the phone and stare at freyend and Adam - they get the idea that this be a private call and leave . when they be go , stauffenberg simply lay the receiver down and walk out . fast . a moment later , Adam return to the room . he see the receiver lay there . odd . look down the hallway he see stauffenberg quickly exite the building . then he notice stauffenberg 's hat and belt still hang outside the briefing room . adam ( cont 'd ) Colonel ... Colonel , you forget you - 102 int . conference hut - briefing room - day 102 Hitler lean on he elbow carefully study the map before he as the General 's presentation drag on . brandt move in closer , fill the void leave by stauffenberg . his foot hit something . he look at : stauffenberg 's briefcase as it fall over . slowly , brandt reach down , pick up the briefcase , look around for stauffenberg . he consider the bag for a moment and we be sure he be go to open it . but then he put it back under the table . but now the heavy wooden support be between Hitler and the bomb . general ... and now I believe Colonel stauffenberg will present we with he deployment for the replacement Army should the unthinkable occur and the Russians reach - where be stauffenberg ? keitel shoot freyend a look . 79 . 103 int . conference hut - hallway - day 103 freyend step into the hall . no sign of stauffenberg . sergeant Adam approach , look confuse . freyend where the hell be stauffenberg ? but Adam shrug , hold out stauffenberg 's hat . 104 ext . wolf lair - communications build - day 104 fellgiebel and haeften watch anxiously as stauffenberg clear the security checkpoint and walk toward they , slow and deliberate - eerily calm . int . conference hut - briefing room - day Hitler at the far end of the room , bent over the conference table , lean on he elbow . a massive , ear-splitting explosion lift the table up , throw Hitler back and simultaneously vaporize the man stand on either side of he . ext . wolf lair - conference hut - day the hut explode outward like a house of card . body be throw clear . everyone hit the deck except stauffenberg . he just keep walk . a great cloud of smoke billow from the ruin . the sky be alive with a swirl of burnt paper scrap and ash . stunned officer be run about . shout . scream . absolute chaos . even know it be come , haeften be stunne . stauffenberg walk up to the communication building and take he by the arm , turn to fellgiebel . stauffenberg contact General olbricht in Berlin . tell he Hitler be dead . proceed with operation valkyrie . then sever all communication . fellgiebel nod and rush to make the call . stauffenberg lead haeften to they wait car - still drive by young Lt. kretz . 80 . he too be stunne by the explosion - so much so that he do not think to get out and open the door for he passenger . stauffenberg climb in next to kretz , push haeften in the back . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) ( to kretz ) drive . ( kretz linger ) lieutenant . kretz snap out of it and jam the car in gear , speed off down the forest trail . stauffenberg and haeften look back for a clear view of the total destruction . body be carry out of the demolish hut - the grounds litter with the wounded . surly there be no way the führer could have survive . 105 int . communications hut - day 105 fellgiebel hold a phone to he ear . fellgiebel ( into phone ) I say olbricht . General olbricht at the War Ministry . the call be urgent . a breathless communications officer enter , point in mute shock to the ruin outside . communications officer what the hell just happen ? fellgiebel what do it look like ? the führer be - fellgiebel freeze , something catch he eye . come around to he p.o.v . share he horror . through the window , fellgiebel have a clear view of the conference hut , or rather what 's leave . hitler - limping , daze , he clothes in tatter - be be lead from the smolder ruin . he be very much : fellgiebel ( cont 'd ) alive ... 81 . 106 ext . wolf lair - inner security checkpoint - day 106 kretz bring the car to a sudden stop at the first checkpoint . a barricade be in place . a guard approach . stauffenberg and haeften hold up pass . stauffenberg we have to get to the airfield at once . order form the führer . the guard signal he man to remove the barricade . 107 int . communications hut - moment later 107 fellgiebel wait to be connect to the War Ministry in Berlin . his Communications Officer await order . this make it hard for fellgiebel to speak plainly . he play up he distress for he audience . fellgiebel ( into phone ) I be call from the Wolf 's lair with urgent news for the General . something terrible have happen ... then he turn he back , lower he voice . fellgiebel ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) the führer be still alive . voice ( on phone ) I be sorry . please come again . but fellgiebel 's officer be watch he , try to hear . fellgiebel have no choice but to hang up . fellgiebel sever all communication . communications officer Sir ? fellgiebel don't argue with I , dammit . just do it . 108 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - day 108 olbricht anxiously hover over mertz who shout into the phone . 82. mertz I do not hear you . come again . fellgiebel . fellgiebel . but it 's no use . mertz slowly hang up the phone . olbricht well , what do he say ? mertz I ... could not be sure . it sound as though he say ... Hitler be still alive . olbricht clinch he tooth and start sweat . olbricht get he back on the line . mertz Sir ... the bomb do go off . that much be clear . fellgiebel 's next step will be to sever all communication . olbricht be confuse . frozen . mertz ( cont 'd ) Colonel stauffenberg be explicit . we initiate valkyrie regardless . olbricht only fromm can initiate . you know that . mertz then lie . tell he Hitler 's dead . or arrest he . but do it now . but olbricht be freeze . mertz ( cont 'd ) Sir ... do you hear I ? you have to give the order to initiate valkyrie . this be we only - olbricht I be not do anything until I talk to fellgiebel . get he back on the phone . now . mertz shake he head bitterly and dial , but he will never get through . 83. 109 ext . wolf lair - outer security checkpoint - day 109 stauffenberg 's car press on through the wood toward the last security checkpoint , but numerous new road barrier be in place . this be not good . one sergeant kolbe and two armed soldier step from the guardhouse , signal kretz to stop . kolbe no one get in or out . stauffenberg we be on order from the führer . we have to get to the airfield immediately . you will step aside . kolbe I be sorry , sir , but my order be - stauffenberg step out of the vehicle and make a beeline for the guardroom . kolbe race after he . 110 int . guardroom - continuous 110 stauffenberg snatch up the telephone before kolbe and he man can stop he . stauffenberg get I General keitel . stauffenberg wipe a single bead of sweat from he brow . with the guard hover over he , he turn and casually sit on the desk , block the phone with he body . he surreptitiously rest he hand on the telephone cradle , hang up . he talk to no one . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) yes ... General keitel . stauffenberg here . I can not get past the outer gate . a sergeant ... he look at kolbe . kolbe swallow . kolbe kolbe . stauffenberg sergeant kolbe say no one be get out ... yes . yes . maybe you can explain it to he . 84 . stauffenberg hold out the phone - stare hard , bluff harder . kolbe consider the phone . finally : kolbe that will not be necessary , Colonel . 111 ext . wolf lair - outer security checkpoint - later 111 a humiliate kolbe watch stauffenberg 's car speed away from the open barrier . free . 112 int . car - day 112 silence but for the chatter engine . kretz be distract by movement in the rearview mirror . p.o.v. in rearview mirror . haeften rummages through he briefcase , remove object kretz can not make out - toss they , one by one , into the wood . haeften realize he be be watch by kretz in the mirror and shoot he a look . " mind you own business . " kretz return he attention to the road . but something just be not sit right with he ... 113 ext . airfield - rastenburg - day 113 title : 1:15 pm . stauffenberg and haeften climb aboard a wait plane . a beat later it be roll down the runway . mertz ( v.o. ) every second we stand here argue be a second lose . 114 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - day 114 olbricht be calm - in full denial . he straighten he tie in the mirror as mertz pace the room , flustered . olbricht I can not initiate valkyrie without confirmation that Hitler 's dead . it 's too great a risk . 85 . mertz what about stauffenberg ? what about he risk ? he do he part and now you be abandon he . olbricht watch yourself , Colonel . mertz should not you be consulting beck ? olbricht I know just what beck will say . he 's a die man . what do he have to lose ? he put on he hat and coat now , turn to leave . mertz at least put the Reserve Army on alert . olbricht I can not cover up another false alarm . when stauffenberg return , when he give I confirmation . then we will proceed . mertz be speechless . as olbricht walk out : mertz and where be you go ? olbricht the same place you be . lunch . 115 int . keitel be office - day 115 keitel sit at he desk , listen intently to someone o.s. although he wound be superficial , he certainly take a beat in the blast . pull back to reveal : adam the one -ey Colonel ... keitel stauffenberg . 86 . adam he leave the building very abruptly - just before the explosion . keitel several man leave the building before the explosion . adam yes , sir . of course . but ... keitel but what ? spit it out , man . adam well . the Colonel leave he hat . keitel 's expression sour . " be that all you have get for I ? " he be about to say so when that prick freyend barge in , also bang up . with he be kretz - stauffenberg 's driver . freyend pardon the intrusion , sir , but I think you will be most interested to hear what this man have to say . 116 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - day 116 title : 2:00 pm . forty - five precious minute have slip away . mertz sit alone at olbricht 's desk , lighting a fresh cigarette with the remain of another . the ashtray say he 's be at this for quite a while . he stare at the clock , as if attempt to will time forward . his eye sweep across olbricht 's desk , past he file , he stationery , frame photograph of he family . then he look up at a portrait of Hitler . mertz be strike suddenly with a notion . he look again at olbricht 's desk . his stationery ... " fuck it . " he grab the stationery and feed it into a typewriter . 87 . 117 int . war ministry - communications office - day 117 mertz approach a lowly telecommunication operator . awkward pause . a struggle with the soul . then he hand over a sheet of paper . mertz order from General olbricht . clack-clack-clack-clack-clack ... 118 int . central communications - berlin - day 118 again we be inside the nerve center of Nazi communication . again the teletype busily chatter away . and again , sgt . helm be curious , watch : standby for operation valkyrie ... the teletype operator look up at helm . " what do I do ? " helm glance over he shoulder to the uptight Lt. haan - oblivious . helm shrug . helm send it through . but keep I inform . a shrill whistle take we to ... ext . berlin - various - day once again reservist and cadet rush to they home and scramble to put on they uniform . 119 ext . deutschland guard battalion - day 119 the siren , the sculpt eagle and swastika , the pillare stronghold . tank and heavy equipment be once again make ready . General hase issue the alert signal just as he do before , watch the man of the Reserve Army scramble . in the melee we find Lieutenant hagen . hagen here we go again . he say this to : 88. Major remer , the man who be so suspicious last time be even more suspicious now . 121 ext . wolf lair - conference hut - day 121 a light drizzle . a man jabber in italian o.s. we get we first good look at the demolish briefing hut . that anyone survive be a miracle . officer crowd around the smolder ruin , the führer himself head this procession . he wear new clothes , nodd , smile politely to the jabber italian o.s . a slight wince be the only indication that he be damn near blow to bit just hour ago . come around to reveal none other than benito mussolini speak a incessant stream of italian . hitler be p.o.v. blissful silence . mussolini 's blather fall literally on deaf ear . 122 ext . airfield - rangsdorf - day 122 title : 3:15 pm . Three hour have pass since the explosion . stauffenberg and haeften alight from the plane . the airfield be surprisingly calm . no car to meet they . stauffenberg quiet , be not it ? too quiet . haeften I will see where we driver be . haeften walk over to the office . stauffenberg look around the airfield . the silence slowly become unnerve . he go after haeften . 123 int . airfield office - day 123 stauffenberg enter just in time to hear : haeften ( into phone ) you mean to tell I that the alert be only just go out - stauffenberg swipe the phone from haeften . 89 . stauffenberg ( into phone ) this be stauffenberg . get I General olbricht . 124 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - day 124 olbricht storm in , furious . he stand over mertz , wave a document in he face - the very same document mertz type on olbricht 's stationery . olbricht explain this . mertz someone have to do something while you be play dead . olbricht we do not know that the führer be not alive . we do not know any - mertz this be about germany , for god' sake . not you . be a man . before a fume olbricht can respond , the phone ring . both man look at it - olbricht be afraid to answer . mertz shake he head and pick up . mertz ( cont 'd ) General olbricht 's office . he look at olbricht grimly , hold out the phone . mertz ( cont 'd ) stauffenberg for you , sir . olbricht would rather take a live cobra than handle the phone right now . but take it he do . 125 int . airfield office - continuous 125 ( note : intercut between olbricht and stauffenberg . ) stauffenberg it 's be three hour , olbricht . what the hell have you be do ? olbricht we have have no confirmation that - 90 . stauffenberg dammit man , I see the explosion myself . nothing else matter now . we be commit . olbricht sit , color drain from he face . a real " what have I do " moment . olbricht dear God . stauffenberg now where be fromm ? be he with we or do you - olbricht I - no one have speak to he yet . stauffenberg pound he fist on the wall , furious - for the first and only time show we a crack in he ultra-cool exterior . he collect himself and look at he watch . stauffenberg listen to I , olbricht . never mind Germany . never mind Europe . you life be at stake now , do you understand ? if you want to live through the night you will do exactly as I say . olbricht I understand . stauffenberg the second you hang up the phone , initiate operation valkyrie in fromm 's name . then go over to he office in force , give he the choice to join we or place he under immediate arrest . do I make myself perfectly clear ? olbricht I understand . stauffenberg I be at the airfield now . I will be in fromm 's office in fifteen minute . be there when I arrive . he slam the phone down , take we to : 91 . 126 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - day 126 silence . with shaking hand , olbricht move the portrait of Hitler , expose a hide wall safe from which he remove , at last , a thick folder mark : valkyrie he look at mertz . olbricht get beck and the other . tell they it 's time . relieved , mertz nod and rush out . olbricht pick up the phone and dial . after a beat , he read from the first page of the valkyrie order . olbricht ( cont 'd ) this be General olbricht call on behalf of General fromm - Commander of the Home Army . Adolf Hitler , be dead . a group of radical from the ss be attempt to seize control of the government . operation valkyrie be in effect . all military district , training school and replacement troops be to take control of essential government office at once ... clack-clack-clack-clack-clack ... 127 int . central communications - berlin - day 127 Lt. haans sit at he desk , sense someone over he shoulder . he turn to find sgt. helm , a sheet of paper in he tremble hand . helm the führer be dead . skeptical , haans snatch the paper from helm . when he look up , the entire staff be look at he , some with tear in they eye - other perhaps hide a sense of relief . a phone ring . then another . the chatter teletype seem to surge into another gear as news of Hitler 's death start to spread . 92 . Long pause . haans struggle with the sheer size of the moment . haan you all know you job . get to work . zombie-like , the Operators go back to they teletype , pass order along . but one Operator - the one helm ask to keep he inform - notice something strange about one order in a stack of many he be sifting through . operator sergeant . this order be sign by witzleben . helm ( take the paper ) that 's ridiculous . he`s not even in the army anymore . but sure enough , there be witzleben 's name . strange . helm look over at the devastate haans , wonder how to handle this . then , like a good little Nazi : helm ( cont 'd ) pass the order along . 128 ext . deutschland guard battalion - day 128 reserve soldier be march into readiness . vehicle move into place . as they await further order ... fromm ( v.o. ) who tell you the führer be dead ? 129 int . war ministry - fromm's office - day 129 mertz and a sheepish olbricht stand before fromm . a stunne Lt. herber hover by the door . olbricht General fellgiebel . at the Wolf 's lair . fromm be at a loss for word . this just can not be so . he pick up the phone . 93. fromm ( into phone ) this be fromm . put I through to the Wolf 's lair . olbricht there 's no use call , all communication line be - fromm ( into phone ) yes. General fromm for field marshal keitel . urgent . mertz and olbricht be shocked that he get through . 130 int . wolf lair - keitel be office - day 130 keitel be still nursing a few wound . fromm ( on phone ) what 's go on up there ? the most incredible rumor be circulate in Berlin . immediately suspicious , keitel play dumb , lead ... keitel I do not know what you mean . everything 's in order here . keitel look out the window at the still smolder ruin of the conference hut in the distance . fromm there 's talk the führer 's be assassinate . keitel another fail attempt . the führer be never in danger . ( beat ) by the way , where be you man Colonel stauffenberg ? 131 int . war ministry - fromm's office - day 131 fromm stauffenberg ? on he way back to Berlin , I should think . at the very mention of he name , olbricht start squirming . 94 . keitel ( on phone ) let I know when he arrive . I would like a word with he . fromm certainly . click . after a beat , fromm hang up , smug . fromm ( cont 'd ) a false alarm . the führer be fine . herber 's outward relief stand in sharp contrast to olbricht 's barely contain dread . then : voice ( o.s. ) that 's a lie . all eye turn to see stauffenberg and haeften appear in the doorway . mertz let out a sigh of relief as they push they way past herber and march into the room . stauffenberg Hitler be dead . operation valkyrie be in effect . fromm stand , pound he fist on the desk . fromm operation val - who give the order ? stauffenberg you do . fromm this be nothing less than treason . stauffenberg be that as it may , the Reserve Army be assume control here in Berlin . we trust you will join we . fromm dammit , man . do you realize what you have do ? the führer be a- stauffenberg I deliver the bomb myself . I see the blast . he be dead . fromm be stunne on several level . he slowly sit back in he chair . 95 . close on : Lt. herber , who see stauffenberg as the model Nazi , be more shocked by this than the news of Hitler 's death . fromm this can not be happen . it 's some kind of joke . stauffenberg be you with we or not ? fromm Colonel , if what you say be true you should shoot yourself at once . ( to the other ) the rest of you be under arrest . stauffenberg no , General . you be . and with that word , haeften and mertz draw they pistol , training they on the confuse fromm . herber be paralyze - unsure of what to do . fromm I do not know where you think this be go , but I suggest you man change into civilian clothes and find a place to hide . stauffenberg ( to haeften ) lock he upstairs in he private quarter . make sure he phone line be cut . 132 int . war ministry - hallway - day 132 stauffenberg , mertz and olbricht march with great purpose . they be join by beck , come the other way , wear a plain dark suit . it be move to see the old man manage the long walk . stauffenberg you be not in uniform . beck this have to be see as a movement of the people . then he take stauffenberg 's arm , let mertz and olbricht walk on , lowering he voice . 96 . beck ( cont 'd ) you be certain he 's dead . certain ? stauffenberg can see the private fear in beck 's eye . but before he can answer , he be interrupt by a gasp o.s. as olbricht open the door to he office , step back in shock . the other turn to see what it be ... 133 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - day 133 look out at the shocked face of olbricht , mertz , beck and stauffenberg . pull back to reveal : olbricht 's office be pack to the four wall with german officer - all of they stand in silence , look at the leader of the resistance with great respect . stauffenberg walk in and the crowd part , solemn and silent , nodd and whisper thanks . a young officer step forward . he look hauntingly like the Lieutenant who drive stauffenberg in Africa . young officer Colonel stauffenberg , sir . we be report for duty . stauffenberg be move beyond word . suddenly , what be once a small clutch of discard general and politician be now a movement of motivate man . stauffenberg nod , collect himself . in the crowd he find helldorf , the head of the Berlin Police , whom we meet earlier . at first he speak quietly , humble . stauffenberg ( shaking hand ) helldorf , I be ... glad to see you . we be get a late start and we need all of the manpower we can muster . can we count on the police ? helldorf there 's a lot of talk that Hitler be not really dead . be this true ? awkward pause . good question . the man in the room share nervous glance . then all eye on stauffenberg . stauffenberg I can not offer you any guarantee . the decision be yours and yours alone . can we count on you ? 97 . Long pause . pan across the uneasy face of the man in the room , perhaps all of they wait to see what helldorf do before make they decision . finally : helldorf I be with you . stauffenberg can barely hide he relief . there be a palpable shift in the room . one by one , the officer in the room reaffirm they commitment to the coup . stauffenberg have you man surround the building . no one get in or out of here without my permission . ( to the other ) I want every available soldier on task - we need simultaneous control of every government building in the city . dismiss . the soldier move , but beck 's voice stop they - surprisingly loud and clear for a sick old man . beck act of vengeance will not be tolerate . we represent a different form of government . we represent what be good and just in Germany . a explosion of activity : 135 int . war ministry - stauffenberg's office - day 135 stauffenberg stand at he cluttere desk , a flurry of activity surround he . he be frantically speak into the phone and to that present . stauffenberg ... deploy troops to seize and protect all Reich agency . of most importance be communication center - newspaper , radio station , telephone and telegraph office . all Nazi official and government leader be to be arrest at once ... 98 . 136 int . military commandant office - berlin - day 136 General hase , the Berlin commandant , stand before a giant map of Berlin , address a roomful of nazi officer . hase ... completely blockade the government quarter . everything from the brandenburg Gate to potsdamer platz . nobody , not even general or minister , should be allow to pass . ( beat ) you have you order , gentleman . again , we focus on Major remer , Commander of the deutschland Guard battalion and always suspicious . hase ( cont 'd ) be there a problem , Major ? remer it just all seem very ... vague , sir . protocol dictate we should receive order in write - hase this be the order as they be present to I , Major . now move . pause . just before the pause become insolent , remer click he heel and salute , leave . but the look on he face tell we he 's hatching a plan of he own . you be right to be nervous . 137 ext . government quarter - berlin - various - later 137 the city center be abuzz with soldier and military vehicle as they frantically cordon off the street . soldier come out of various government building with several nazi general in custody , hand bound . they push they into wait truck . meanwhile , passing civilian walk quickly by , try to pretend they do not see anything . year of Nazi rule have tell they to mind they own business . 99 . angle on : a staff car - Major remer in the back , watch the entire scene with cold eye . Lt. hagen emerge from the chaos on the street . hagen Major remer . we have just have order from the War Ministry . the battalion be to blockade the government quarter and place Minister Goebbels under arrest . remer do not move . he just think . hagen ( cont 'd ) what be it , Major ? remer something just do not feel right about this . I would hate to find out I be be take advantage of . hagen ( realize ) a coup you think ? remer of that I be certain . what I can not say be which side we be on . get in . as hagen do , remer turn to he driver . remer ( cont 'd ) take we to the reichministry . be quick about it . 140 int . war ministry - fromm's office - day 140 stauffenberg , beck and olbricht lead a continue effort to manage the coup . each man shout order into the phone , all the while signing dispatch send by a steady flow of runners . fraulein von oven ( the secretary who work with stauffenberg and tresckow to compile the valkyrie order ) rush in , whisper to stauffenberg . stauffenberg send he in . ( oven hesitates ) it 's all right . send he in . 100 . she open the door and motion to someone outside . after a beat , the door be fill with a almost classic look Nazi - a fat general bristle with medal . he enter the room , confuse when he see olbricht at fromm 's desk . fat general begging you pardon , but I have order to report to General fromm . olbricht General fromm be no longer in command . I be . fat general I ... ( see beck ) beck ? what be you - what be go on here ? stauffenberg the führer be dead . the ss be staging a coup . we have initiate operation valkyrie to crush the uprising and save Hitler 's Germany . the fat General assess the scene with suspicion . fat general I would say there be a coup all right , but it 's not the ss . olbricht offer a sheet of paper . olbricht you will present this order to you troops . fat general I will do no such thing without speak to General fromm . I swore a oath - stauffenberg you have you order . join we or face the consequence . stauffenberg and olbricht take a impose step in the fat General 's direction . he carefully back away . 101 . fat general this be treason . I will not take part . the führer be not dead . the führer be not dead . the fat General make a break for it . the conspirator chase he out into ... 141 int . war ministry - hallway - continuous 141 the fat General push past onlooking officer . olbricht stop that man . but they just watch the commotion , stunne . a rank general be chase like a common criminal . surreal . haeften and mertz appear at the other end of the hall - pistol raise , block the General 's path . with stauffenberg and olbricht they overpower the fat General who scream wildly to the amazement of the gawk officer . fat general the führer be not dead . i've sworn a oath . you all have ... when they have he under control , stauffenberg turn to the onlooker . he find a familiar face in the crowd . a face he can trust . he find : stauffenberg Lt. herber . come here . angle on : Lt. herber . " who , I ? " he reluctantly step forward . stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) lock he up with fromm . herber hesitantly take hold of the General , but the act of take a General into custody be a strange one . herber be clearly conflict . 142 ext . reichministry - day 142 est. remer arrive , follow by a wave of truck . Soldiers deploy , surround the building . 102 . 143 int . reichministry - goebbel ' office - day 143 propaganda Minister Goebbels - the most ghoulish of Hitler 's Big six . his spooky , deep - set eye watch the action on the street below . already he can hear troops come down the hallway . he take a pistol from he desk drawer and leave it within reach . then he pick up the phone and dial . after a beat . goebbel I be ready to be connect . the sound of footstep outside he door . it burst open . remer enter , follow by armed soldier . goebbel ( cont 'd ) what can I do for you , Major ? remer Minister Goebbels , my battalion have a order to blockade the government quarter and place you under arrest . remer see the pistol on Goebbels desk . but Goebbels make no attempt to grab for it . instead : goebbel be you a dedicated Nazi , Major ? remer be catch off guard . remer yes , sir . with that Goebbels turn he attention to the phone in he hand . we hear a faint voice : " hello ? " with a eerie smile , Goebbels simply extend he arm , offer the phone to a confuse remer . silence as the Major take it , hold it to he ear ... remer ( cont 'd ) hello ? voice ( on phone ) do you recognize my voice ? remer be in awe , for a moment unable to speak . then : remer of course , mein führer . 103 . hitler ( on phone ) then listen to I very carefully ... 144 int . central communications - berlin - day 144 the communication staff busily connect call and transmit order . sgt. helm gingerly approach Lt. haans with two sheet of paper . haan what be it now , sergeant ? helm it 's just that now we be get conflict order , sir . the Wolf 's lair say one thing , stauffenberg another . haans sigh , genuinely irritate now . haan we job be not to interpret the order . we job be to pass they along . regardless . helm yes , but sir - haan be that perfectly clear , sergeant ? haans thrust the order back at helm who sheepishly walk back to he pool of radio operator . 145 ext . reichministry - dusk 145 as day turn to night , the soldier surround the government quarter wait for further order . Major remer come out a new man - invigorate and focus . he walk over to a truck load with ranking prisoner , turn to the soldier guard they . remer ( be : prisoner ) release this man at once . hagen but this man be part of a coup . 104 . remer I have just be on the phone with Hitler himself . we be the coup , you idiot . we have be dupe . 146 int . war ministry - fromm's quarter - night 146 fromm be a prisoner in he own quarter - stare at a portrait of Hitler with equal part disdain and reverence . the door suddenly open . herber enter , lead the handcuff fat General . avoid fromm 's gaze , he remove the restraint and turn to leave . but the wily fromm can see the look in herber 's eye . fromm well , Lieutenant . what do you make of all of this ? herber freeze . beat . herber I ... I do not know ... fromm I will not ask you to make a choice . that 's for you and you alone . all I ask be that you observe and think for yourself . in time you will see thing for what they truly be . you know where to find I when you do . herber nod hesitantly , then turn to leave , but : fromm ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant . ( as herber turn back ) Heil Hitler . herber raise he right arm , just manage : herber Heil Hitler . 147 int . reichministry - goebbel ' office - night 147 Goebbels ' office be now the scene of great activity . Soldiers rush in and out carry order . Goebbels be on two phone at the same time . 105 . through the melee come none other than heinrich himmler - the bespectacle villain whose appearance be unmatch in fiction . his arrival can not be good . goebbel have you see the führer ? be he - himmler it seem the conference table shield he from the blast . he 's lucky to be alive . ( look around ) do you want to tell I what 's go on ? goebbel everything be under control . I have take charge of the Guard battalion and give they new order . we be turn the table on this coward . himmler I have be send here personally by the führer to collect the conspirator . he insist they be take alive . Goebbels and himmler , two of the most evil man who ever live , smile coldly . be take alive by this mob be obviously a fate worse than death . Goebbels turn to a nearby aide . goebbel take this down . by order of Adolf Hitler ... clack-clack-clack-clack-clack ... 148 int . central communications - berlin - night 148 once again the operator be freeze , look at Lt. haans . he in turn look at two order in he hand . he be deeply confuse . sgt. helm be not . helm it 's a coup all right ... and when it 's over , we would better wind up on the right side . now we can not afford to remain neutral any longer . we have to make a decision . 106 . close on : haans . all eye watch he weigh the decision of he life , of many life . million in fact . finally he relent , hand one paper to helm . haan very well . send all communication from the Wolf 's lair . stop all communication from stauffenberg . the operator spring into action . clack-clack-clack-clack-clack ... radio announcer ( v.o. ) today a attempt be make on the führer 's life ... 149 int . war ministry - fromm's office - night 149 stauffenberg work frantically in a room full of officer - the energy here be the antithesis of Goebbels ' office - the morale quickly wane . he ignore the radio , write order , make phone call , fight to keep the coup alive . but we know now he order be hit a dead end . radio announcer ... the führer himself suffer no major injury and resume he work immediately ... stauffenberg turn off the radio , grab haeften just as he be come in . stauffenberg send the follow teleprint to all Army commander ... ` broadcast communique not correct . the führer be dead . order to be carry out with utmost dispatch . ' haeften nod and leave . stauffenberg turn back to he work , come face to face with a deeply troubled beck . stauffenberg whisper , frustrated ... stauffenberg ( cont 'd ) I see the blast ... voice ( o.s. ) what the hell kind of coup be this ? 107 . all eye turn to find witzleben . hour ago he be a civilian , now he be a pompous , know - it - all General . witzleben the military district be receive contradictory report . I have get man sit around joke about whose turn it be to arrest whom . neither the capital nor the radio network be under we control . and where be the troops ? you would think there would be some activity go on in this city . ( to stauffenberg ) the word be all over the street that Hitler be still alive . we trust you and you fail we . you should have stay . to be sure . olbricht ( o.s. ) and who would have lead the man here in Berlin ? you ? find he ball , olbricht confront witzleben . olbricht ( cont 'd ) the Colonel do more than any man could have hope . if anyone be to blame it 's - stauffenberg field marshal witzleben be right . I be the officer in charge . I be the man responsible . no one else . olbricht be move and rightly so . meanwhile : witzleben I be go home to await my inevitable arrest . witzleben turn , march out . the room remain ill at ease , everyone have just witness a serious blow to the resistance . that anonymous soldier present exchange glance of concern . olbricht I be sorry , Colonel . after a beat , olbricht turn and leave . close on lieutenant herber , tuck away in a corner of the office . 108 . he look at stauffenberg in a new light now , something darker - no longer the admirer . he share a look with two other officer . a wordless understanding . he leave and they follow . 150 int . war ministry - hallway - night 150 herber and company march down the hallway in silence . they stop for herber to unlock the door to ... 151 int . war ministry - munition storage room - night 151 the officer file in , make a beeline for a locker in the corner of the room . Inside be all manner of sub-machine gun , pistol , grenade ... herber Arm yourselves . 152 ext . war ministry - night 152 under remer 's direction the deutschland Guard battalion quickly surround the War Ministry . we see a figure move behind the window up above ... 153 int . war ministry - olbricht' office - night 153 olbricht helplessly watch troops surround the building below . it be only a matter of time now . he sit at he desk . with a long tremble sigh , he put pen to paper and write : " my dearest wife ... " a commotion from the anteroom startles olbricht and he drop the pen . a loud , shrill scream follow . the door burst open to reveal herber and he two cohort . they be support by a half dozen armed soldier , all training they weapon on olbricht . in the anteroom behind the soldier we see fraulein oven quietly slip out into the hallway . 109 . 154 int . war ministry - fromm's office - night 154 beck , stauffenberg and haeften be still make call and write order - do all they can to keep the coup alive . they be startle when fraulein oven burst in . it be write on she face . 155 int . war ministry - hallway - night 155 stauffenberg and haeften rush toward olbricht 's office , stop when they see a Mass of soldier surround the doorway . a chill run down we spine when we see herber talk to none other than Major remer . just then , he spot stauffenberg and haeften . remer you there . stauffenberg and haeften turn and run . remer ( cont 'd ) halt . bang . a shot be fire . stauffenberg and haeften take cover in a nearby doorway . haeften return fire . stauffenberg clamp he pistol under the stump of he right arm , manage to cock it with the three finger of he leave hand . awkward . then he aim and fire . stauffenberg take a bullet in the shoulder of he good arm . he drop he gun , bleed badly . but more soldier appear at the opposite end of the corridor . the loyal haeften cover stauffenberg with he body , aim to fire . but stauffenberg stop he , shaking he head . it 's over . they toss down they gun . boot-step approach loudly o.s . as stauffenberg look down at the cross and ring around he neck : haeften thank you , Colonel . stauffenberg be genuinely confuse . " for what ? " haeften ( cont 'd ) better I die for Germany than for Hitler . 110 . voice ( o.s. ) Colonel stauffenberg . stauffenberg turn to find remer stand there . remer you be under arrest . 160 int . war ministry - fromm's office - later 160 stauffenberg , olbricht , beck , mertz and haeften , the last of the conspiracy , be hold at gunpoint . a smug fromm enter , follow by herber , the fat General , remer and numerous gun - toting officer . fromm if you have any last message , you would better write they now . stauffenberg my action speak for I . ( to he man ) I would rather my wife and child remember we last time together . the other bravely nod in agreement . but then : beck I would like a pistol , please . stauffenberg look at beck with surprise . beck ( cont 'd ) for personal reason . fromm think about it , then matter - of - factly hand beck a pistol . remer quickly step forward . remer General , my order be to deliver the prisoner alive . fromm noted , major. ( to beck ) get on with it then . remer but , sir - fromm that will be all , major . 111 . fromm glare at remer who angrily back down . then he turn to beck and with a casual wave of the hand : fromm ( cont 'd ) continue . the moment be surreal . beck , seat at the desk , look at each of he fellow conspirator . a look of thanks , goodbye . with a badly tremble hand he place the gun to he temple . beck I be think of earlier time ... close on : the conspirator turn away , unable to watch . except stauffenberg . bang . and as if none of the last minute have even occur , fromm turn to the other conspirator . fromm very well then ... a court martial , conven by I in the führer 's absence , have pronounce sentence : Colonel mertz von quernheim , General olbricht , Lieutenant haeften ... ( glaring at stauffenberg ) and the Colonel , whose name I will not mention , be condemn to death . ( to he man ) take they outside . remer be clearly upset by this . herber , on the other hand , seem clearer than ever . he nod to he man who drag the conspirator out . herber personally take stauffenberg by the arm . the two man share a look . nothing need to be say . each have find he place . stauffenberg turn to confront fromm . he be weak , white from fatigue and loss of blood . stauffenberg the führer will want to put we on trial , make a example of we . this will not win you any favor . and it will not hide you be involvement . fromm involvement . I do not know what you - 112 . stauffenberg you know and you do nothing . you be just as guilty as we be . even more so . fromm spare I , stauffenberg . and that word bring a genuine smile to stauffenberg 's face . he almost pity fromm now . stauffenberg no one will be spare . and as fromm motion for herber to take stauffenberg away , we hear music , faintly at first - accompany by the subtle hiss and crackle of a phonograph ... it be the piece stauffenberg and Nina be dance to one night long ago ... over this : a voice . a man speak in german - faint at first , crackle over the radio . hitler ( v.o. ) my comrade . once again - I do not know how many time it have be now - a attempt have be make on my life . int . / ext . berlin - various - night a series of image of the coup be reverse as the Nazis take back power , make all the more poignant by the lonely sound of the phonograph , the music slowly rise , grow clearer and eventually become score over the silent image of : conspirator be round up and arrest . among they be face we recognize ... goerdeler , drag from a hotel bed by ss officer as he inform innkeeper watch from the doorway . title : dr . carl goerdeler - tried , 7 september 1944 . hanged , 2 february 1945 . witzleben be lead in handcuffs from he home where he have be await he fate . title : erwin von witzleben - tried , 8 august 1944 . hanged , 8 august 1944 . 113 . 161 ext . war ministry - night 161 military vehicle be hastily arrange in a semi - circle - headlamps mark the scene in stark white light and long black shadow . stauffenberg , haeften , olbricht and mertz be march into the courtyard , squinting in the harsh light as they be place against the wall of the War Ministry . hitler ( v.o. ) I speak to you tonight for two reason . first , so that you can hear my voice and know that I be unhurt . and second , so that you may know the detail of a crime without parallel in german history ... int . / ext . berlin - various - night fellgiebel be swarm by ss in he office at the Wolf 's lair and summarily beat . title : general erich fellgiebel - tried , 10 august 1944 . hanged , 4 september 1944 . Chief of Police helldorf be catch by surprise as he own man burst into he office , rifle raise . title : chief of police wolf -heinrich von helldorf - tried , 15 august 1944 . hanged , 15 august 1944 . ext . war ministry - night ten soldier of the deutschland Guard battalion scramble to form a line opposite stauffenberg and he conspirator . we can clearly read fromm 's lip , shouting : " make ready ... " stauffenberg and haeften share a reassure smile . remer watch bitterly from the shadow , focus he hatred not on the conspirator ... but on fromm . int . / ext . berlin - various - night berthold , stauffenberg 's brother , be take from he flat in Berlin . 114 . title : berthold von stauffenberg - tried , 10 august 1944 . hanged , 10 august 1944 . ext . war ministry - night fromm smile to himself , satisfied . hitler ( v.o. ) a small clique of ambitious , dishonorable , stupid officer have conspire to eliminate I . except for a few bruise and burn , I be completely untouched . fromm raise he arm , he lip read : " take AIM ... " title : general friedrich fromm - tried , 7 MARCH 1945 . execute , 12 MARCH 1945 . stauffenberg take a breath and shout defiantly , he lip read : " Long live sacred german - " fromm drop he hand . ten rifle open fire . crane up and away as the music swell , as what be leave of Berlin come into view , as the few light that remain suddenly go out as if a dark shadow be pass over the land . hitler ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I see in this the hand of Providence ... direct I to complete my work . and the last strain of music resolve in a single , sustained note as we crane up further , look at last to the overcast darkness of the night sky . the last note go on as if it might play forever ... until suddenly it dip and we realize we be no longer hearing music at all , but the urgent wail of a air-raid siren - the warning of ally bomber come to deliver they nightly assault on Berlin . Hitler 's gift to Germany . 162 black 162