vampyr a man be walk down the narrow riverside path that wind its way towards the spot where a ferry cross to the other bank . it be a summer evening , after sunset . the traveler , nikolas , be carry a rucksack , and in he hand a pair of fishing rod . he want to spend he holiday in solitude , which be why he have come to this remote region in search of peace . he arrive at the old inn and find the door close . the inn be lie in profound silence , as if all its occupant have go to bed . nikolas rattles at the door , but it be well and truly lock . at this moment he see a reaper walk along with he scythe over he shoulder . he look at the man curiously as he walk down towards the ferry . he shout after he : nikolas hello , you there ! but the reaper , not hearing he cry , continue on he way . the landscape be bath in a gray , dim twilight ; every object have a tinge of unreality . nikolas go round to the back of the house . there he discover a window in which a light can be see . he come nearer , knock on the window pane and listen ; but not a sound reach he . simultaneously the light go out . nikolas knock again . silence still . but now a window be open quietly on the floor above , and a timid child 's voice ask : child voice who 's there ? nikolas run he eye up the facade of the house and discover a little girl of thirteen with a gentle , frighten face . she say to he : girl I will come down and open the door . she gesture , indicate that he be to go to the front door . then she carefully close the window . as nikolas stand wait , he glance down in the direction of the ferry . the ferryman - who have a white beard - board the ferry - boat which begin crossing the river . he go backwards and forward , pull laboriously at the iron chain which run rattling and squealing round the ungrease wheel . meanwhile the little girl have open the door of the inn . she be a strange child . she look rather small for she age and wear spectacle . her eye be moist , as if she have just be cry . when she talk to somebody she tilt she head backwards . nikolas enter , and the girl shut the door behind he . he slip he rucksack from off he shoulder . as he be do so a door open a few inch and a face appear , stare inquisitively . the little girl give a sign to nikolas to follow she up the stair lead to the guest room . she light a candle in a little enamel candlestick of the kind find in country district , and hand he the candlestick . on the floor above , the door out onto the passage be stand open . the room be poorly furnish , the bed without bedclothes , the window dirty , as if they have not be clean for a long time . the little girl conduct nikolas to a spartanly furnish room . on a table he find a candlestick with a half - use candle , beside which be lie another candle and a box of match . he light the candle . the girl , who have remain stand in the doorway , say with a inclination of the head : girl good night , sir ! nikolas good night ! the girl disappear and shut the door behind she . he glance round the room . over the bed hang one of that copperplate engravings , frame in glass , that be so common in the country . nikolas look at the engrave for a moment . it represent something like ' death pay a call . ' then from a neighbor room he hear a woman sobbing . Close -up : nikolas turn and listen . he open the door a few inch . a man 's voice be hear try to calm the woman , but she be incapable of master she despair . she break out , in a voice choke with tear : woman' voice oh , why do he have to die - why should I have to lose he ... why , why ? man' voice ( consolingly ) do not cry ! woman' voice ( in despair ) my little boy , my little boy ! the weep ease off . woman' voice oh God , oh God ! we hear a door open , follow by footstep ; then everything be quiet again . nikolas , who have lift the light to look at the engrave , put it down , and after lock the door cross to the window to pull down the blind . first , however , he look out across the river , where he see the reaper with the scythe sit on the railing of the ferry - boat , while the ferryman continue he monotonous progress up and down like the ferryman on the river separate life and death . then nikolas draw down the blind . it be one of that blind , often see in the country , that have some paint motif : a temple , a forest or the like . he take out he watch . the sound of the watch continue during the follow shot , which show the shadow of the house creep slowly over the ground - a symbol of time pass . a moment later we return to the room . nikolas have be asleep for some time . somewhere in the house a clock strike eleven ; then we hear the footstep of somebody approach and knock on the door : two knock - and again two knock . in he deep sleep nikolas seem to hear the knock without take it in fully . he react while still half asleep , turn he head towards the door and see the handle slowly turn . then the door be open , inch by inch , as if by a invisible hand . a man enter the room , wear a full - length dress - gown . without a sound he approach the bed and lean over nikolas . man be you asleep ? almost unconsciously nikolas open he eye and meet the stranger 's enquire gaze . man wake up ! nikolas look at he in astonishment and ask , almost in a whisper : nikolas who be you ! the stranger , whose whole bear and behavior indicate unease and nervousness , straighten up , cross the room , pull up the blind , and stand so that the moonlight fall on he face , which show trace of recent suffer . he take out a handkerchief and mop he brow with a nervous movement ... like a man dread a catastrophe . then he say : man sh ! nikolas look at he in grow amazement . the stranger continue to stand there , as if he thought be somewhere quite apart . then he seem to remember where he be and why he have come . he again go right up to the bed and lean over nikolas . in break syllable he stammer out the word : man she must not die ... do you hear ? ... she 's die , she 's die ! the stranger speak like a man in dire need , one who in he agony do not know where to turn for help . suddenly - without transition he turn away and cross to the door . there he stop , apparently absorb in he own thought . absently he raise a thumb to he lip , look at it and lick it . then he put a hand in he dress - gown pocket and take out a parcel the size of a book . he put the parcel down , take he leave with a polite inclination of the head , and go out . nikolas sit half up in bed , torment by doubt . have he be dream ? have there really be anybody in he room ? he light a match and look at he watch . it be five past eleven . then he get up , go to the door and try it ; it be firmly lock . he look at the blind ; the blind be up . and on the table lie the parcel . some word be write on it : to be open after my death ! nikolas be unable to go back to sleep . a die man have call on he . he can not ignore this call ! he must go and look for the man who have ask for help . he start put he clothes on . outside , the shadow of the inn creep further and further over the ground - time be pass . nikolas have creep stealthily down the stair and steal out of the door without waking the people in the inn . the moon be shine , so that everything be clearly visible . he take a few step , then stop irresolutely . which way shall he go ? it be , in truth , a hopeless task that he have undertake , since this stranger have give he no information whatsoever . as he stand like this , he suddenly catch sight of a shadow glide down the white road . it be the shadow of a man - a man with a wooden leg - follow by the shadow of a dog . nikolas stand stock -still for a moment , utterly bewilder . yes , it quite definitely be a shadow - and only a shadow . there be no man or dog to be see . the man 's shadow stop , turn slowly and look all round . with mount astonishment nikolas watch to see what will happen next . the man 's shadow walk on and join a group of other shadow engage in digging a grave in the shadow of a tree . we see this shadow of grave digger as they dig they shovel deep in the earth and throw up shadow of shovelful onto a heap of earth which likewise be a shadow . one of the shadow in the grave stop when the shadow of the man with the dog come up to he . after a short conversation between the two man , the shadow of the man with the dog turn , take a few pace in the direction whence he come , and beckon to somebody . nikolas look in the same direction and see a weird procession : two man 's shadow , sharply outline against the light road , walk slowly along , carry a dead body . the limply hang arm and dangle leg show clearly that it be a human body . the whole procession of shadow be utterly fantastic . nikolas follow the happening with the keenest attention ; the shadow of the man with the dog give a order ; they start lay the body in the grave ; then the shadow of the man with the dog move away . nikolas have a impulse to follow this shadow . a voice inside he tell he that there must be some connection between the apparition in the room of the inn and this phenomenon of the shadow . he follow the shadow , which suddenly leave the road and disappear through a door or open in the wall of a factory . this factory be , strictly speak , only the ruin of a factory which have be derelict for many year . half of the window pane be break , and that remain be cover in dirt and cobweb . the tumble - down factory look dismal and fantastic in the moonlight and make one think of a gigantic churchyard . nikolas enter the factory by the same open through which the shadow disappear . the room nikolas enter be a small , bare , square room , full of rubble and stone , through which nikolas carefully thread he way . there be two door . nikolas try one , which lead into a room with no other exit ; then he open the other and come into a room with another door . when nikolas open this latter door , he find a steep staircase behind it . nikolas tread gingerly on the stair to see if they creak ; then he go up the stair . when he reach the top , he find himself face another door . just as he be about to open this , he hear through the door footstep echoing over the tile floor . nikolas stand roote to the spot . the step come nearer , and as they do so we see under the door a steadily increase shaft of light . he can hear that they be the footstep of a man . he watch the door as if hypnotize . the man on the other side have stop ; now the door handle move , and a key be turn . then the footstep die away . nikolas , who have hardly dare to draw breath for fear of give himself away , try the door handle . to he surprise the door open . the man , whose step can no longer be hear , have evidently unlock the door for a expect visit . nikolas open the door wide and go in . he find himself in a room resembling a corridor . a little way along there be a door . nikolas tiptoe up to it and open it . the room into which it lead be empty . nikolas be about to turn back into the corridor when he hear a door slam . he peep out through the partly open door . there now enter , by the door through which he himself have pass a moment ago , a old woman of erect bear , who hold she head high and proudly . she must be very old . her skin be pale as wax , yellowish and draw tight over she cheek - bone . her movement be stiff and resolute ; she support herself on a stick , which strike the tile with sharp , regular click . the old woman be blind . her eye be cover with a film and have a dead look . her lip be thin . her whole face bear the stamp of cruelty . the moonlight shine through the window , outline its cruciform frame sharply on the floor or the wall . when the blind woman reach the window , she open it with she stick before continue on she way , and the shadow of the cross disappear . she go through the door behind which nikolas have hide , and he decide to follow she . suddenly she stop , throw she head back and sniff the air like a dog . nikolas stop too . she turn abruptly and say : blind woman who 's there ? nikolas wait as quiet as a mouse . the blind woman be reassure and walk on . nikolas follow . but at the first turn of the corridor she vanish . nikolas stand speechless for a moment . then another remarkable thing happen : a sound which have no connection with the precede scene reach he ear . it be the sound of music , and the tune be play have a dance rhythm , faintly reminiscent of a slow mazurka . nikolas listen for a second , then take a few step in the direction of the sound and turn into a corridor , at the end of which there be a door . when he open this , it be as if the music , coope up behind the close door , now rush at he like a wave fall back to its original level . the music seem to come from some aperture in the wall . they be like organ pipe ; at all event the music swell from they as from a enormous organ . the same blind woman now appear in a corner of the room . she stop . she make a sign with she stick , and the music stop . from the opposite corner of the room a curious figure now come towards she : a lame man as thin as a beanstalk . but in spite of he lameness he move with great agility ; he look remarkably like a great wading bird . involuntarily he uncover he head and hold he hat in he hand while talk to the blind woman . she give he a curt order and walk on , finally disappear in the factory 's labyrinth of passage and corridor . the shadow of the man with the wooden leg sit down on a bench on which he real ' ego ' be also sit ... a man come up to he . they whisper together . the new arrival be a unpleasant character with pig 's eye , a flat nose , a low forehead and sparse , stiff bristle . he have a underhung jaw and a powerful chin . there be something bestial about he appearance . the two man walk over to a window niche , where a man be lie asleep on the floor , huddle up like a dog . as the one -legge man wake the sleeper with a kick from he wooden leg , the man with the pig 's eye pull out he knife and test the cut edge with he thumb . the sleeper have sharp feature and a harden expression , as if he face have be carve in wood . as he get up he scratch he unshaven cheek with a bent forefinger . then all three disappear . nikolas catch sight of a little house , a old , desert dwelling with window which have be paint over white , and which in the moonlight resemble glass eye . he go into the house and enter a corridor . there be a smell of mold . everything be old , dirty and dilapidate . Dust and cobweb in every corner . perhaps inhabit , perhaps not , very little furniture . a old cupboard , a chair , a umbrella lack its cover , a greasy hat on a hat rack . in the corridor there be a door with reinforce pane of glass ; the corridor lead to a staircase descend to the gloomy depth of a cellar . there be a death - like hush in the house . nikolas be there anybody here ? ask nikolas in a loud voice . no answer . the silence seem even deeper after the sound of he own voice . opposite the staircase a door be stand ajar . nikolas open it cautiously . the room he look into be peculiar in the extreme . it be depressingly untidy and dirty . collection of egg , bird and mussel shell , distill - flask and glass of all size , dusty and filthy , some spider under glass case , a doctor 's scale with weight the color of verdigris , book , apothecary 's glass contain leech and other crawl thing . the skeleton of a child . a parrot on its perch . but not a single live human be . nikolas go through a door into another room . as he do so he get the feel that there must have be people here quite recently . in the middle of the floor stand a black wooden coffin on two wooden trestle . on the floor wood shaving and brick ; on the window ledge a bowl of dirty water , soap , a brush and a comb ; and , stand against the wall , a see and other carpenter 's tool . nikolas go through this room in turn . the house 's inhospitable atmosphere be beginning to oppress he ; he have the feel that he be not alone , even if the room be empty . he walk on tiptoe , look all round , and open and close the door cautiously . the third room be completely empty . Dust be lie so thick that it muffle the sound of he footstep . flake of plaster be lie on the floor ; they have peel off from the wall and ceiling , on which there be rusty stain make by the rain drip from the leaky roof . in the window there be a pot plant hang , withere , from its stake . facing he a door . this lead into a room with a tile floor which make the echo sound harsh and cold . some large box bar he way . then he suddenly think he see , directly opposite , a long corridor open out of a wall with no door in it . when he reach it , there be no entrance after all , but a uninterrupted wall , into which he have bump ; he light a cigarette , by the light of which he see that he be stand close up against a whitewash wall which be split , crack and full of mold . he turn round and discover that he be now in a old laundry room . it have not be use since time immemorial . everything be cover in dust . on the copper be stand some rusty bird - cage and mousetrap . Old paraffin lamp be lie in a heap on the floor ; but what astonish nikolas most be a collection of child 's clog stand neatly in row . they be not quite as dusty as the other thing in the old laundry room . for this reason he go through the empty room and back to the spot where a door lead out to the staircase . there he stop , and now he hear - in the quivering stillness of the old house - hound bay and a child weep . then a scream , a half - suppress child 's scream , as if a hand have close over the mouth of the screamer . it come from the cellar , but just as nikolas be about to descend he hear step on the staircase above . somebody be come down . he see only this person 's hand , as it fumble its way slowly down the handrail . he can only guess at the owner of the hand . the hand continue to glide down , and nikolas , summoning all he courage , say : nikolas good evening ! but the hand only rise and gesture to he to be quiet . the person stop on the staircase . not a sound . then the hand resume its downward glide movement . nikolas realize that it be the hand of a old man . the figure continue down to the staircase landing , and nikolas take a few step towards he . he see that it be a slender , elderly man . his hair hang in tangle wisp . he poke he head forward in a attentive attitude . he be wear spectacle , and he face be mark by unctuous servility , couple with relentless malignity . he look like a usurer . this man be Marc . at this moment everything about he indicate that he be listen . nikolas I ... but Marc interrupt he with a violent movement and bid he be quiet . marc sh !!! he continue to the staircase lead down to the cellar , descend two step and lean over the handrail - we see he neck - and stand there for a long time listen , as he lean towards the depth . then he come back up to nikolas , and he gaze be fix and tense . marc do you hear ? nikolas yes , the child ... but now Marc 's bear change . he look as if he have wake from the hypnotic state which he intense interest in the cellar have induce . he suddenly become aware that he be face a stranger . his face cloud over with suspicion . marc ( sharply ) the child ! nikolas yes . marc there 's no child here . nikolas but ... the dog ... during this exchange he have more or less push nikolas before he to the front door , without ever actually touch he . but he intention be clear enough . marc there 's no child here , and no dog either . nikolas no ? marc no! ( open the front door ) good night ! Marc have succeed in get rid of nikolas , and without further comment he shut the door . nikolas stand irresolutely for a moment outside the door , while he reflect on he visit to this extraordinary house . then he set off slowly down the road , until at a turn of the road he catch sight of the three disembody shadow that take they order in the factory from the blind woman . the group be recognizable by the man with the wooden leg . nikolas follow the three shadow , feel instinctively that they will lead he to the man who have ask he for help . in the house , meanwhile , Marc have turn back to the stair . from the depth of the cellar he hear step approach and the sound of a stick strike the ground ; with great servility he greet the blind woman as she come up the stair . Marc follow she with exaggerated and ill-place attentiveness . he open for she the door into the consulting - room , and close it behind she . the blind woman continue on she way without take any notice of he . her head be tilt back slightly , as be often do by blind people . she move forward , cold and unbend . as she cross the consulting - room , she be on the point of stumbling over a large box lie open on the floor . Marc kick it hurriedly aside and draw up a chair for she at the table . she ignore he completely . when she sit down , he take she stick and put it carefully on the table . Marc stand motionless and expectant . then she slowly take a medicine bottle from she pocket . with she bony hand she hold it out to Marc . when he take it she raise she face towards he for the first time . he look at she ; they appear to exchange a conspiratorial glance : a order be give and receive . at this moment a explosion of laughter be hear from the parrot . Marc tear off he spectacle - which rest a little way down he nose - polish they and give the parrot a near-sighted , malicious and know look . then he go to a shelf on which he place the medicine bottle with the poison label . we go from the sinister house to a neighbor castle . a shot of the road , where we see nikolas on he way to the castle . the camera move to a certain window on the ground floor of the castle , behind which we see a man get up and take a lamp . this be the man who , at the inn , visit nikolas in a dream . we can call he Bernard . he leave the room . the interior of the castle Bernard enter a room arrange as a sick-room . a woman be lie there in bed ; it be he daughter , whose name be léone . a nurse be look after she . léone be a woman of twenty - six . she be very pale , as if suffer from anemia . Bernard go up to the bed . the nurse stand beside he and say : nurse the wound be nearly heal ! Bernard hold the lamp so that the light fall on léone 's throat . in the middle of she throat , where the jugular vein show blue under the white skin , we see two small mark , reminiscent of that that appear after a cat - or rat - bite . there have be two wound , but they be now close and heal . Bernard prepare to go . he turn in the door , because léone have stir . she move she lip as if in a horrible dream , and she face take on a expression of terror . she stammer out : léone the blood ! ... the blood ! ... then she seem to calm down . Bernard go back to the bed . léone open she eye , recognize she father , give he a feeble smile and take he hand . Bernard look at she with intensely serious eye . it be evident that even if he do not know the cause of she condition , he have he suspicion about it . he take a last look at he daughter and go . in the door he turn to the nurse . bernard you must not lie down and go to sleep until the doctor have be here ! the nurse promise not to do so . as he close the door , léone move again . the nurse watch she closely . the castle léone 's sick -room . the nurse put a chair by the bed . the park of the castle nikolas jump up on the wall ringing the castle . when he appear on the wall , he body form a ghostly silhouette against the night sky ( to suggest the shadow he be pursue ) . the courtyard the three shadow emerge from the shadow of the tree , steal across the moonlit courtyard and disappear into the deep shadow of the castle . the castle Bernard in the corridor , outside the door of he room . he still have the lamp in he hand . he go into he room . the courtyard enter nikolas ( from another direction than the three shadow we see in a earlier shot ) . he find himself under the room that Bernard have just enter . through the light window he see Bernard put down he lamp and recognize he as the man who visit he in he dream . at the same moment he see the three shadow go diagonally across the ceiling of the room ; at that moment Bernard leave the window and go across to a bookshelf . nikolas rush to the main door of the castle . he ring vigorously at the door . the bell give a feeble ring . the echo die away , and everything be quiet again . nikolas ring again . now he hear behind the door a old person 's shuffle step . he tug at the door and shout : nikolas open up ... open up quickly ... hurry ! the door remain close , but inside he hear a voice who be it ? nikolas for God 's sake ... hurry .. . they be kill he ! then the door open , but only a few inch . through the chink we see old Joseph , a faithful manservant . he be wear only trousers and a shirt , which be open at the neck . his brace be hang down he back . he be carry a lamp in he hand . the manservant want to know more , but at this very moment a long - draw - out scream be hear , hideous and horrifying . for a moment this scream seem to paralyze the two man . the manservant put he hand to he mouth in order not to scream himself . mechanically he open the door wide . the two man rush into the house . the staircase landing outside léone's room the nurse open the door in terror . her facial contortion show that the invalid have hear nothing , but that on the other hand she dare not leave she either . the drawing -room this adjoin Bernard 's room . the manservant and nikolas try to open the door into Bernard 's room , but the body of the die man be lie just behind the door , prevent they from open it more than a few inch . the die man 's scream fill they with horror . manservant the other door ! he give nikolas the lamp and hurry out to the other entrance to the room contain the die man . when the manservant go into the room , he find he master slump up against the door , with one hand still clutching the door handle convulsively , as if try to escape the lethal weapon which have strike he just as he reach the door . his scream give way to gasp , and he have difficulty in breathe . nikolas have put the lamp on the piece of furniture nearest the door . now he come up , and at a sign from the manservant make the murder man release he grip on the door handle . the die man try desperately to open he eye and speak . then it grow quiet , and in the silence only he labor breathe can be hear . suddenly he give a deep sigh , at the same time open he eye and look frantically around . he look up at nikolas . a expression of surprise light up he face for a moment . the manservant have intercept this look and glance curiously at nikolas . but the die man 's stare again become fix and glassy . he stammer : bernard Water ! nikolas get up ; on a table he find a tray with cup and a jug of linden tea . he pour out a little tea in a cup , which he lower to the die man . with a teaspoon he moisten the die man 's lip . while nikolas have be occupy with the tray , a old serve woman have arrive at the door connect the death- room with the draw - room . it be the housekeeper of the castle , the wife of the old manservant ; they tell she to come in by the other door . she enter with the chamber - may . the old housekeeper move she hand incessantly under she motley apron . on the staircase landing the nurse be still stand , terror-stricken , outside the open door of léone 's room , listen and stare out into the darkness . then gisèle appear , wear a apron-like dress , the sleeve of which be gather in a tight band round she wrist . a very simple and slightly old - fashioned dress , which can easily be turn into a kimono . she think the scream have come from the sick -room , and be surprised to find the nurse on the stair . gisèle be not it she ? nurse no , it 's down there . the nurse listen for sound in léone 's room , while gisèle run down the stair . bernard's room enter gisèle . she stop dead by the door , paralyze by the sight of she father lie on the point of death . she look at the chamber - may and the old housekeeper , who be cling to each other , while the tear run down they cheek . beside herself , and with eye dilate with terror , she go to she father and kneel by he side . he understand that she be there . his face light up for a moment , after which he close he eye again for a while , as if try to draw breath for the few word he want to say ; but he have not sufficient strength leave . he use he last ounce of strength to draw a ring from he finger . he hand the ring to gisèle , who recognize it . it be a signet ring , the signet of which be form like a tiny gold cross . she hold it in the hollow of she hand , while she eye fill with tear . the die man catch gisèle 's eye and , as it be , guide it over to nikolas as if to say : ' this man will protect you . ' his gaze become vacant , without consciousness , fix and glassy . his breathe come in jerk . nikolas try to moisten he lip but the liquid run down he chin and thence onto he breast . his tooth be firmly clench , and the corner of he mouth be sagging . the brief death -struggle have begin . while we see the little group by the door , which have be join by the old coachman , we hear the die man 's death-rattle . tear run down the coachman 's furrow cheek . on the landing the nurse be still stand there . the death-rattle reach she ear . she go into léone 's room and shut the door behind she . bernard's room here the silence of death prevail . the group by the door follow with bate breath the last spasm of the death-struggle . now the murder lord of the castle be draw he last gasp . the old housekeeper go up to gisèle , who be no longer weep but merely stare uncomprehendingly at she father 's lifeless body . the old housekeeper call to she gently . gisèle look at she in surprise . gisèle be he dead ? the old woman nod . gisèle look once more at she father 's face , then burst into tear and without offer any resistance let herself be lead across to the wall , where she collapse into a chair , throw she arm round the old woman and cling to she hand . she say nothing . she only weep and weep . the coachman go out . nikolas and the manservant carry the dead man across to a sofa . while the manservant be still in the room , nikolas go up to gisèle . he help the may to lead gisèle away . the latter be lead out unresist . he take she by the arm . she hide she face in she hand and weep heart-rendingly . the manservant remain in the room . he walk round in a curiously restless way ; he make a number of unconscious movement with he hand , as if want to make somebody or other keep quiet . the courtyard the coachman cross the courtyard , open the door of the carriage entrance , and draw out a hunt carriage . he pull it slowly and carefully , as if want to muffle the sound . the drawing -room the old housekeeper have go on ahead in order to light a lamp . nikolas get gisèle to sit down . her gaze be vacant , and the only sound that come from she be a suppress sobbing . nikolas walk to and for in this ante-chamber of death , deeply disturb by the scene he have just witness . as he reach the door , the old housekeeper be stand in front of he . housekeeper ( in a low voice ) could not you stay here ... until ... nikolas reply with a movement of he head , then continue to pace the floor . the courtyard the coachman lead a horse from the stable . the drawing -room nikolas stop in front of gisèle 's chair and look compassionately at she . she be sit as motionless as a stone . only she lip be tremble , as if she be praying quietly . suddenly she sense he presence . she look up at he imploringly and say in a voice choke with tear : gisèle it 's so dark here ! he take out some match and light the lamp on a old piano , which be cover with a fade green silk cloth . the only sound be the monotonous tick - tock of a old clock , which suggest the dull beat of a almost exhaust heart . the courtyard the coachman be hitching the horse . the drawing -room nikolas light another lamp , and as he put out the match he look at gisèle . she be sit with she hand in she lap , rock she head backwards and forward . her eye be glaze . she be do all she can to prevent herself from break down completely , but when the first tear trickle down she cheek she break into sob . she lift she clench hand to she eye and weep . nikolas go over to she . he know that he can do absolutely nothing , however much he want to quench she sorrow . he bend over she , as if want to speak the word of consolation that she need , but before he can say anything she burst out : gisèle how can anyone endure to live here ? nikolas stroke she hair and go to the window , from which he see the courtyard the coachman be put on he cloak ; he sit up and drive the carriage out . the drawing -room gisèle jump up at the sound of the carriage . in she anxious and overwrought condition she endow every sound with meaning . she go to the window , look out and ask : gisèle where be he go ? nikolas to fetch the police ! answer nikolas . the sound of the carriage die away , but gisèle remain stand with she face press against the window pane . nikolas go to a lamp , by the light of which he take out the seal parcel that the stranger give he in the inn , break the seal and find a book . nikolas tiptoe over to a chair , lift it carefully , turn it towards the lamplight , and sit down without a sound . sitting there , he begin to read the book from the beginning . léone's room léone be lie in bed . the nurse be sit in the room with she sewing thing . suddenly she raise she eye . a number of little furrow have appear on léone 's forehead . her breathe become irregular and labor . her face be twisted , as if she be torment by fear and uncertainty . she open she eye , and she gaze be fix and distant , as if hold by someone a long way away . she look like a medium under hypnosis . she be visibly no longer master of she own will , or she be under the influence of a power stronger than she own . in spite of she weaken condition she raise herself on she elbow and shout very loudly : léone yes ... yes ! as if someone have call to she . the nurse have put aside she sewing thing and be throw off the blanket in which she have wrap herself for the night . outside the dog howl - penetrate , long - draw - out howl . léone raise herself still further until she be sit on the edge of the bed . léone yes ... I be come ! the nurse hurry over to she , but léone , who move just like somebody hypnotize , be on she way to the door . the nurse block she path by push a chair in front of she . the nurse stand before she and stare hard at she to catch she eye . the chair prevent léone from advance . the nurse try gently to wake she , as one talk to a child cry in its sleep . nurse you be dream ... you be dream ! now a remarkable change come over léone ; she tense expression relax . the hypnotic suggestion gradually seem to lose its hold on she , as if the other party have suddenly reconsider and decide to wait for a better opportunity . she return to she normal state of mind . she look in surprise at the nurse , who lead she gently back to bed . léone offer no resistance and even cooperate actively in get into bed . the nurse sit down beside she . nurse what be you dream about ? léone a voice ... nurse that speak to you ? léone that call ... command ... nurse what do it say ? léone make no reply . her eyelid close again . to all appearance she be sleep the deep , sound sleep of a over- tired child . the nurse watch she anxiously . this peaceful and apparently quite normal sleep inspire she with fear rather than confidence . she go into the adjoin room to rinse some medicine bottle and the like . at almost the same moment léone wake up with a start . she listen intently for the previous distant call ; without a word she hurriedly throw off the blanket and steal out - so quietly that the nurse suspect nothing . the drawing -room gisèle at the window with she forehead press against the cold pane . nikolas be sit read the book . gisèle suddenly raise she head and look out in the park . gisèle léone ... nikolas look up . gisèle look ! ... look ! ... there , in the park ! nikolas hurry over to the window . the next moment they rush out into the hall ; here they be join by the manservant and the nurse , who come down the stair in great agitation . nikolas take the lantern ! he point to the lantern which the coachman have leave at the foot of the stair . the manservant 's wife , the old housekeeper , come in with she husband 's jacket . he hastily put it on . then they all hurry out to the park by the time they be out there , léone be nowhere to be see . they begin a thorough search of the park , which look ghostly with its moonlit sandstone statue . some of the tree trunk be paint white . they look like skeleton , sway backwards and forward . spider ' web shine like silver . from time to time a bird fly off in alarm . we begin by follow the manservant , as he make he way through bush and undergrowth with the lantern hold high over he head like a luminous hour-glass . with he free hand he hold he jacket tightly round he neck . in the distance we hear gisèle shouting anxiously : gisèle léone ! ... léone ! we see the old housekeeper stand on the stair and look out into the park . gisèle 's cry can still be hear . now we follow nikolas and gisèle , who be together . suddenly nikolas stop and call to gisèle . he point out a group at some distance from they . on a stone table cover with ivy a white figure be lie prostrate . bend over she a dark shape can be dimly discern - as far as can be judge , that of a old woman . the white figure be lie in such a way that its head hang over the edge of the table , and the attitude of the dark figure suggest that its lip must be in contact with the prostrate woman 's throat . nikolas and gisèle , terror-stricken , make for the spot . now the dark figure appear to notice they . like a dog when it be disturb , the figure turn its head irritably and stare at the newcomer with the dead eye of a blind person . with a grimace resembling nothing so much as a snarl , it bend down again over léone , but straighten up once more as if abandon its plan , and just as it look as if it will turn away and go it dissolves into thin air . nikolas and gisèle have reach the stone table . it be indeed léone . gisèle be already at she side . she look in perplexity at léone 's throw - back head . there be a gentle expression on léone 's lip , which be parte in a peaceful smile . her hand be hang down , white and limp . she look in every respect as if she be dead . nikolas put he ear to she mouth to listen to she breathe ... which be very weak ... gisèle cup léone 's face carefully in she hand and turn it towards she . gisèle léone ! léone ! léone slowly open she eye and look for a long time in astonishment at gisèle , who say in a disappointed , implore voice : gisèle but it 's I ... gisèle ! léone 's eyelid close again . only a narrow strip of white can be see between the close eyelid . gisèle show sign of want to call léone back to consciousness . nikolas do not wake she ! at the same moment the manservant come up , and nikolas take the lantern from he hand , let the light fall on léone 's face . gisèle look ... blood ! ... and she point at léone 's throat . the manservant open he eye wide and lean forward to look . then he take léone in he arm , as if she be a child , and carry she to the castle . at the entrance the housekeeper be wait . the nurse bring she a shawl or blanket ; the housekeeper run to meet the group and wrap léone in the blanket . the little procession be now approach the house . nikolas run on ahead to open the double door . the nurse go up to the sick -room , shut the window and arrange the bed . meanwhile the manservant carry léone up the stair . gisèle follow behind . nikolas shut the double door , go into the draw - room and continue he read of the diary . his jaw be set in determination . a page of the book be show . léone's room the manservant have laid léone on the bed and now go out . the nurse settles léone and discover the wound in she throat ; she take a wad of cotton - wool , moisten it with a disinfectant rinse from a bottle , and dab the liquid on the wound . léone shudder convulsively , put she hand on the wound and groan . the nurse go out . gisèle ( call softly ) léone ! ... léone ... léone wake up , but seem not to recognize gisèle . she look at she sister as if she have just wake from a evil and hideous dream . then suddenly she seem to realize where she be . she shiver , put she transparent hand to she face and weep silently . gisèle ( bend over she ) why be you cry ? léone continue weep for a little ; then she say : léone I wish I be dead ! gisèle no , no ... léone ! léone ( still weep behind she white hand ) yes , yes , yes ... I be lose ... I be sink deeper and deeper into the darkness ... I be afraid ... I be afraid ! ... gisèle give she a comforting pat on the arm . léone take she hand from she face . the nurse return . léone glance round the room , as if look for somebody . léone where be ... ? gisèle hardly know how to answer ; she look enquiringly at the nurse , who ask : nurse you father ? léone yes ! nurse the master ... be asleep ! léone smile , give a sigh of contentment and close she eye . she sigh again with relief and lie peacefully for a moment with close eye . then a remarkable transformation occur . a deathly pallor spread across she face . her breathe become more rapid . her mouth open . her lip tighten . then she open she eye . they be now hard , almost malevolent . her face take on a expression of lust when she see gisèle . the latter shrink away uncomprehendingly , seize with fear and pain . the nurse give she to understand that she have better go . the drawing -room nikolas be there with the old housekeeper , who with old - world courtesy bring he a cup of strong coffee . just as she be hand nikolas the cup , gisèle come in . with a distract expression she shut the door mechanically and go and sit down . the old housekeeper put the other cup down beside gisèle , who be completely absorb by she recent strange experience . the other two look at she enquiringly . gisèle ( back in the present ) I think léone be die ! the old housekeeper go . gisèle shake she head like somebody try to get to the bottom of a insoluble mystery . nikolas take the cup and put it in she hand . mechanically she take a gulp and put the cup down ; then she give a sudden start , as if she have hear a pierce death -scream . she sit for a moment with she mouth agape and she eye wide open . then she stand up , rush to the window and look out . she seem surprised at not see anything and turn towards nikolas . gisèle do not you hear something ? nikolas shake he head , go up to she and force she to sit down on a chair ; but she cannot refrain from turn towards the window . nikolas you be tired ! he glance at she and turn back to he cup of coffee , which he put down a moment ago . now he put it very carefully on the table . a oppressive silence have settle over the house . gisèle oh , the silence ! she press she extend finger against she breast , as if try to free it from the pressure of the silence . nikolas watch she for a little . then he go to the piano and begin to play . at the first touch she rise , go slowly across the room and stand behind he . she stand there with she hand behind she back , until the music finish . then she say very quietly : gisèle thank you ! a moment later she add : gisèle I will try to get a little sleep ! she take a few step , turn and say : gisèle you be not leave we , I hope ? nikolas rise and go close up to she . she look into he eye like a trust child . he gaze at she with infinite tenderness . then he bend down and kiss she impulsively on the forehead . she give he a smile of gratitude and go into the adjoin room , where she lie down on the sofa and draw up a blanket over she . nikolas stand gaze after she . a tear trickle from the corner of he eye down he cheek . from the other room he hear she voice : gisèle play something more ! he turn back to the piano and play the same tune again . gisèle 's eyelid close . she sleep . as the last note die away , the old manservant enter the draw - room . nikolas hastily turn towards he and put he finger to he lip as a warning not to make any noise . the manservant say quietly : manservant the police be here . outside can be hear faintly the noise of a carriage rumbling over the cobble in the courtyard . nikolas leave the room , together with the manservant . the courtyard the two man emerge from the house and stand at the head of the step . the carriage drive up the last few yard . the horse walk as if sink in its own thought ; then it stop abruptly . Joseph take the lantern , which have be leave on the step , and slowly approach the carriage . after a few pace he stop . now he can see the whole carriage clearly and the coachman be alone . manservant be you alone ? no answer ! he take a few more step and repeat he question : manservant be you alone ? still no answer . Joseph turn to nikolas , who in the meantime have come nearer . they look more closely at the coachman , who be sit in a curious position with he leg stretch out stiffly against the dashboard of the carriage . he have the rein in he hand , but they be hang loose . Joseph go still nearer to the carriage and lift the lantern . the coachman be sit as if asleep . nikolas clamber up behind the coachman 's seat . Joseph hand he the lantern , which he hold in front of the coachman 's face . he see two stare , glassy eye . half - paralyze with terror , nikolas hand the lantern back to Joseph . in the hope that the coachman be merely asleep , nikolas put he hand on he shoulder to waken he . but at the first touch the coachman 's head sink on he breast , and he whole body slump forward . meanwhile the manservant have place the lantern on the ground , and as soon as nikolas have get down from the carriage the manservant draw he attention to blood drip from the floor of the carriage - drip ! drip ! both man stand for a moment as if hypnotize by this fearful new discovery . then nikolas hurry into the house . during all this the other servant have gather round the carriage . they shudder at the sight of the dead coachman and stare at the horse , which - with a corpse at the rein - have find its way home unaid . Joseph get up onto the carriage ... the drawing -room enter nikolas . he shut the door very quietly behind he as if afraid that by make the slight noise he will bring about still worse misfortune . he tiptoe to the piano and extinguish the two light on it . as he be do this , he cock a ear to listen for gisèle 's breathe ; then he resume he read of the diary , a page of which be show . as he read we hear in the distance the sound of horse ' hoof on the pave stone ... also the sound of the carriage be put away . then silence reign again around the old house . nikolas listen out into the silence . be he awake , or be all this fearful happening merely a long , horrible nightmare ? the heart of the old clock be still beat . after a moment a deep sigh be hear from a corner of the room . nikolas look in that direction . a cello be stand there . one of the string have slip , and as he look at it another string break . then silence again wrap its mantle round the room . nikolas begin read again , but now the hideous , pierce screech of the doorbell be hear throughout the house . nikolas put down he book , go to the window and look out . there he see a man , who turn he back on he . Joseph come run from the stable building . nikolas gather that the stranger must be the doctor , for he and Joseph start discuss léone 's condition . doctor how be she ? Joseph explain to he that thing be go rather badly . the young lady have be find in the park . in answer to the doctor 's exclamation of surprise Joseph explain that she have climb out of a window . doctor be she alone , then ? manservant yes , just for a moment . meanwhile the doctor have come in , follow by the manservant , who be carry he bag for he . when the doctor enter the ante-room , nikolas open the door . the stranger , who have hang up he hat , turn round . it be Marc , whom nikolas meet in the little house behind the factory . they look hard at each other for a moment . nikolas good evening ! doctor [ marc ] good evening ! answer the doctor , and it be he who ease the tension of the situation by say to the manservant : doctor let 's go try ... it 's high time ... the doctor hurry to get in front of the manservant . as soon as he back be turn , nikolas go up to the manservant and make he understand that he be to go in to gisèle . the manservant go into the draw - room . nikolas run up the stair behind the doctor . the sick -room the doctor hurry in and go straight to the bed . the nurse 's face take on a expression of fear . she be give the patient camphor . léone be paler than before . her feature be hard and sharp , she lip blue . it be painful to see she and hear she breathe . beside herself , the nurse turn to the doctor and say : nurse it 's go very badly ! doctor ( curtly ) her pulse ? nurse very weak ! the doctor lift the patient 's eyelid , then examine she lip and gum . next he take léone 's wrist to feel she pulse . as he do so , he glance towards the door , where nikolas be stand . a expression of surprise pass across the doctor 's face ; then he smile the most fleeting of smile . he let go of léone 's hand and look closely at she face . the nurse , who have be follow he slight movement , ask anxiously : nurse be she die ? doctor ( seriously ) yes . he take a few step away from the bed and seem to fall into deep think then he say , as if talk to himself : doctor perhaps we could save she ... nikolas and the nurse follow he with they eye . he speak as if add a link to the chain of think he be forging for himself . doctor will you give she blood ? the question be address to nikolas . he look across at léone . he feel certain the doctor be right , and if he do not immediately declare himself willing , it be because he feeling be divide between the obvious need to save léone and he fear and uncertainty about this man . he look at the nurse . her anxiety have disappear , and a gleam of confidence and hope shine in she eye . the doctor come a step nearer and say , emphasize each word : doctor immediately ... this very moment ! nikolas make no reply . he almost fail to notice the nurse , whose face reflect disappointment and sorrow . the doctor look at he for a moment , then turn away and shrug he shoulder . nikolas straighten up , take off he coat , and roll up one of he shirt sleeve . the nurse get up with a happy smile and cross to the table on which be bottle and instrument . the doctor , however , close the door behind nikolas , who have the feel that he have let himself be catch in a trap . the drawing -room Joseph go to the door of the room where gisèle be . his face show surprise when he discover gisèle on the sofa ; she be sit motionless , with she leg draw up under she and she head lean back against the wall , stare fixedly at he with wide - open , startle eye . as if talk to herself , she say : gisèle why do the doctor always come at night ? the manservant go up to she in order to calm she . the sick -room by the time we return there , all the preparation for the blood transfusion be complete . the drawing -room Joseph return from the room where gisèle be . he have evidently succeed in calming she . he go and sit in the chair where nikolas sit . he rest he head in he hand . he see the open diary and begin read it . the sick -room the blood transfusion be now in progress . the only word be curt order like : ' now ! - quickly ! - that 's enough ! - give it to I ! - sit still ! ' etc . the drawing -room Joseph be read the diary , which arouse he interest more and more . it be as if he find a connection between what he read and the fearful event that have take place around he . a extract from the diary be show . the sick -room the blood transfusion continue . Marc have position himself outside the circle of light from the lamp , so that he can see nikolas in bright light , while he himself sit in the dark . nikolas watch léone 's face anxiously and closely during she struggle with death . life slowly seem to return to she , and she breathe become more peaceful . she open she eye and look at the people round she , but she be much too enfeeble to speak , and close she eye again . Marc keep a close watch on nikolas , who grow paler and paler . his eye swivel slowly from nikolas to the patient and back to nikolas again . the drawing -room another fragment of the diary be show [ have to do with vampire ] . the sick -room the blood transfusion be complete . while Marc himself be look after the patient , the nurse lead nikolas into a adjoin room , where she make he sit down and prepare he bandage . the doctor stand bend over léone . doctor be he in a bad way ? nurse ( as she bandage nikolas ) yes , rather . doctor give he a tablet ! the nurse bring a tablet which she give to nikolas with a glass of water . he put the glass down on a table near he . then she cover he up , put out the lamp and go into the sick -room , the door of which be ajar , leave a strip of light visible . meanwhile the nurse have be move about , put léone 's room straight . the doctor look at she for a moment ; then he say : doctor you can lie down now and sleep . I will keep watch ! the nurse continue work with great zeal . the doctor now say to she in a cut , almost hiss , tone : doctor do you hear what I say ? the nurse look at he in astonishment and encounter a cold stare . she realize that there be no use in protest ; it would be in vain . she put aside what she have in she hand , and go off . the doctor close the door after she and look round the room . in the adjoin room nikolas have doze off . he feel very weak . in this weaken condition he feel as if he be fainting , which be curious , because at one and the same time he be both fully conscious and far away . suddenly he wake from he doze and stare , open-mouthed , at he bandage arm . the blood can be see seeping through the bandage . the wound be throbbing . nikolas Doctor , doctor ! from the next room can be hear the doctor 's cold , bite voice : doctor what be it ? nikolas the wound be bleed ! doctor go to sleep ! nikolas let he arm fall into the same position as before , dangle over the arm of the chair . in he semi-conscious state he hear the doctor 's voice , which have take on quite a different tone ; he whisper seductively and reassuringly , as if try to convince a child and overcome its resistance by mean of gentleness - or as one talk to somebody one want to hypnotize . in he drowsy condition nikolas hear only a few isolate word of this monologue , which in its entirety sound something like this : doctor you be suffer ... you be tired ... come with I ... we shall become one ... body , soul , blood ... there be only one way of escape from you suffer and find peace ... follow I ... you will not be freed until you have take you own life ... come ... I be wait for you ... then everything be quiet . in the silence nikolas hear a sound : drip , drip ! he lean forward and look down . on the floor he see the lantern - which Joseph be carry when the coachman arrive , apparently dead . the sound of drip come from somewhere near the lantern ... and now he see what it be : blood run from he wound down onto he finger and thence to the floor , where a regular pool have already form . with a expression of bewilderment he look towards the door into the sick - room and call : nikolas Doctor ! again the doctor answer in a ice-cold , hiss voice : doctor what be it now ? nikolas ( desperately ) I be lose my blood ! doctor you be lose you blood ? nikolas ( urgently ) yes ! doctor ( slowly and emphatically ) nonsense ! ... it 's here ! ... you blood ... nikolas sit there for a moment - uncomprehend and irresolute then he lean forward and look down . the sound of drip have cease , the pool of blood and the lantern have disappear . when he lift he hand he see that it be completely white , and that the bandage be in order . with a weary smile he settles himself comfortably in the easy chair . he both see and do not see the light behind the door of the sick - room move away and disappear . the drawing -room here the old manservant be sit , completely absorb in the diary . suddenly he raise he head , as if he have hear a sound . he start to he foot , with a overwhelming sense of dread and forebode . he be fill with a presentiment of some horror or other . he go to the window and see on the pave stone the shadow of a window on the first floor . there be a light behind the window and the light be move . he go cautiously into the hall . when he have climb a few step of the staircase he can see Marc in the window . in he hand he be hold a lamp which he move backwards and forward several time . the manservant stand there motionless and with bate breath ... a remarkable change be take place in nikolas . his lip open . his breathe become more rapid . he be apparently in the throes of a sort of paroxysm , as if some stranger 's will be try to gain control over he . now nikolas wake with a start , fill with terror , depression , anxiety and despondency . he look up . the manservant be stand at he side with the glass of water that the nurse bring for he earlier , when he be on the point of fainting . at the same moment he realize what have happen : it be he own blood that speak to he in he dream , which be therefore nothing but a horrible mirror-image of what have occur at léone 's bedside . he push the glass of water away , and make he way past the manservant to the sick - room , which be almost completely dark , be light only by a single small nightlight . he tear the door open . on enter , he see Marc come from the door lead out to the stair . when he see nikolas , Marc 's expression become hard and malevolent , and he increase he pace . nikolas , however , reach the bed first . he turn ice - cold with horror at the sight of léone . she be lie there almost lifeless . she be whiter even than the bed-line cover she . her face be heavy with sleep and relaxed , as if from the caress of a gentle hand . the little medicine bottle with the poison label , which we recognize from earlier scene , be hold in she hand , and with she last remain strength she be try to raise it to she mouth . at the very moment when the bottle touch she lip , nikolas succeed in snatching it from she . he throw it into a corner of the room , where it smashes . then he hurry to léone , and use he handkerchief to wipe a drop of poison from she lip . somewhere in the house a crash be hear , as if somebody have slam the main door violently to , then another crash , but less violent than before . the manservant seize nikolas involuntarily by the arm . manservant stay here ! and he hurry out of the room . from the staircase landing he see a light at the foot of the stair . the light be whirling round . the shadow of the handrail flicker nervously on the wall . nikolas be seize by a new fear : he be uneasy about gisèle and hurry down . the nurse , who have be wake by the noise , dart into léone 's room . nikolas rush through the draw - room into gisèle 's room . she be not there . he listen for she breathe , but not a sound reach he . he light a match . her bed be empty . the blanket have be throw back . he hurriedly search the adjoin room , which be lie in darkness behind close shutter , and return to the hall . from the moment he set off down the stair , a penetrate , continuous howling have be audible outside . he go to the door , under which at the same moment a white paper appear . he pick it up and read the inscription : ' Dust thou art , unto dust thou shalt return . ' he open the door just quickly enough to see the shadow of the man with the wooden leg move off the white pave stone of the courtyard and disappear into the shadow of the tree . nikolas hurry off in the same direction . léone's room the nurse stand lean over léone . it be evident that the patient 's strength be ebbing away . the nurse and the manservant be aware that everything will soon be over . léone realize it herself . she moan , sob and wail . the nurse console she as best she can . as for the manservant , he appear to be mature in he mind some great project or other . léone , who have great difficulty in get the word out , say : léone I be damned ... oh God , oh my God ! the manservant 's mouth be twitching , which show clearly that he be face with a important decision , and he give a deep sigh , like a man who know that he be play with life and death . then he call the nurse over to the door and say : manservant she must not die now ... you must keep she alive until morning come ... the nurse nod . then the manservant go . on the threshold he stop . manservant God help I ! he make the sign of the cross and go . the nurse return to léone 's bed . she put she hand up to she face , press she finger hard against she eye and sob quietly . the wood nikolas be run in the direction of the factory . the castle the manservant come push a wheelbarrow and stop in front of a tool - shed , from which by the light of a lantern he take a pick - axe and a shovel ; he put this in the wheelbarrow . he be just about to go when he realize that he have forget something . he go back into the shed and take a long crowbar and a wooden mallet . this object likewise he put in the wheelbarrow , fasten the lantern on the handle of the wheelbarrow , and set off . a field nikolas enter at a run and suddenly fall headlong . outside the churchyard the manservant push he wheelbarrow along the wall . he make for the churchyard gate . a field nikolas be lie on the spot where he fall . suddenly he body divide in two . one part ( he ' ego ' ) remain lie unconscious , while the other ( he dream ) get up with evident difficulty . he slowly come to and look round in amazement . not far off he notice a object on the ground . it be gisèle 's ring - the ring with the cross which she father give she . he pick it up and examine it carefully , as if gisèle have send he a message by mean of the ring ; he look round in the hope of find a clue which direction to go in order to find she again . then he discover some footstep in the sandy earth , look as if they have just be make before he very eye by a pair of invisible foot - gisèle 's foot . he get up and follow this footstep . they lead he to the blind woman' house he go in at the door , which open easily , and find himself in a dark yard at the back of the house . he grope he way forward in the shadow of the house , until he find a door without a handle . he open this in turn . he now find himself in the old laundry room , which he recognize from he previous visit . from here he know the way into the house and go straight to the door at the other end of the laundry room . he enter the empty room adjoin it . here everything be as he last see it . his own footstep be clearly visible in the dust on the floor ; nobody have be here . he listen . not a sound in the house . he look for the door into the room where the coffin stand before . it be lock . so something have happen since he last visit . he try hard to open the door , but in vain . he must and shall continue ! from the staircase landing he discover that the door into the consulting - room be open . the moon throw a white beam on the stair . be there someone in there ? he steal along on tiptoe , hold on to the handrail , and reach a point from which he can see most of the room . inch by inch he view of the room increase , but there be nobody to be see . on the other hand a large box or something of the kind be stand in the middle of the floor . it be cover by a white cloth . he go into the room . the door into the adjoin room be open . it be there that he see the coffin before - and this must be the coffin - surely it must be the coffin under the white cloth . he go up to it . the cloth be drape over somebody lie in the open coffin . the lid be lean up against the wall . merciful god! gisèle ! what have happen ? have he come too late ! he look again at the lid of the coffin stand by the wall . something be paint on it in large capital letter . he read : ' Dust thou art , unto dust thou shalt return . ' so this word be intend for she , not for he . he must make certain ; he go back to the coffin and carefully draw aside the cloth cover the corpse 's face . but it be not gisèle that he see . it be he own face , rigid and open -ey ; he own head that rest wax - pale on the shaving in the black coffin . in bewilderment he bend over he own corpse . how can this be ! what can it mean ? tentatively he put out a hand in the direction of the dead face in order to make sure , but he courage fail and he pull away he hand . he get up and stand there motionless , paralyze , petrify . cold shiver run down he spine . then we hear a key turn in a lock and a door open and close . next we hear footstep and the sound of a stick strike the ground at interval . the sound at once disappear down to the cellar . he rush to the staircase landing . there be the door . it be a door with reinforce glass pane . the glass be murky and dusty , but sufficiently transparent for he to see that there be somebody in the room , somebody who have be dumped , hand tie together , on a large iron bed with no bedclothes . it be gisèle ! the door be lock and he be just about to look for something with which to break it open when he hear somebody unlock the main door . through the murky little pane at the top of the door he can see enough to ascertain that it be Marc come . there be nothing for it but to return to the consulting - room , and from here he see Marc approach the door between he and gisèle - he be just put the key in the lock - when we again hear footstep of somebody with a wooden leg or a stick . the footstep come down the stair . Marc abandon he plan and slip the key back in its hide - place , which be evidently unknown to the new arrival . the man with the wooden leg come limping down the stair . under he arm he be carry a small tool box . the two man meet and together make for the consulting - room , from which nikolas have follow everything through the half - open door . now he be oblige to retreat further . he have access only to the room where the coffin stand before . Marc and the man with the wooden leg now stand beside the coffin . nikolas have hide behind the door of the next room , and as he stand there he discover a open trap - door lead down to the cellar . stand right beside the trap - door and peeping through the crack of the door , he be able to follow what the two man be up to . Marc find the stump of a cigar on the edge of he write - desk . he look questioningly at the other : have he any match ? the other shake the box to show that it be not empty . Marc light the cigar . the man with the wooden leg search for he screwdriver . obviously it must be with the other tool in the room where nikolas be . the man go into this room and make straight for the wall opposite the door . to avoid be see as the man return past he , nikolas descend the ladder to the cellar , and when he be alone in the room again he be able to stick he head up and see something of what be happen beside the coffin . there the man be engage in put the lid on nikolas 's coffin . Marc stand there , envelop in tobacco smoke , rock backwards and forward on he heel . he have stick he thumb in the armhole of he waistcoat , and he watchful , malevolent gaze flit rapidly across the coffin and the dead body . [ nikolas ' new Pov - from inside the coffin ] the lid of the coffin have a square pane of glass just over the dead man 's face . from down in the coffin nikolas see the lid drop into position over he . he hear the dull blow , first of a hand , then of a hammer , before the lid slip into the groove . he see alternately something of Marc and of the man at work . both of they peer down at he . Marc be in high spirit , whereas the other man 's face reflect only the craftsman take care that nothing go wrong . now nikolas hear , as he lie in the coffin , the lid be screw down , hear the cut and screeching noise of the screw , as one by one they bore into the wood . it be impossible to imagine a death sentence have a more paralyze effect than this sound . at interval he see through the glass the elbow of the arm turn the screw . he hear the man 's footstep on the floor ; then everything be quiet . now we hear the sound of the blind woman 's footstep and she stick . she be in the room , stand by the coffin . one hand hold a candle over the glass , the other light it with a match , and now the blind woman 's bony hand grasp the light . she bend she hideous face over the glass in the gleam of the candle . her blind eye be unable to see the dead man , but he can see she : she be take she last leave of he . nikolas see Marc moisten two finger with he tongue and put out the light . the blind woman 's footstep die away from the room , and now various man can be see come and station themselves on either side of the coffin . the coffin be to be carry through the adjoin room , where at this moment nikolas be hide under the trap -door . to clear the way the man with the wooden leg go over to the trap -door . with he wooden leg he kick away the wooden block hold the trap - door open , and the trap - door close over nikolas . the man give the door a push so that it come directly over the trap - door , which in consequence can not be open . through the square of glass in he coffin nikolas see he surroundings change , and realize that he be be carry out . ceiling , damp patch , door frame , cobweb and more door frame pass rhythmically over he field of vision . then open sky and branch ; he be be carry out of the house , round the church , out of the village , away across the field . Marc remain stand in the doorway . he throw away the butt of he cigar and search in he pocket for he pipe , before go back into the room , from the window of which he take a last look at the coffin . the field nikolas ( he ' ego ' ) be lie on the ground , as when we last see he . he begin to return to consciousness . the dream he have just have enter he semi - consciousness . he open he eye a fraction , as if drown in sleep , and see the procession from he dream - at first make straight for he , but presently turn away . he turn to watch it , and discover that he be lie on the ground outside the churchyard . the funeral procession be make for the churchyard . suddenly he be awake - and the dream disappear ; the strange procession literally vanish into empty air . he ask himself whether the whole of this dream may not be a message from gisèle , and if so what she be try to tell he . he get up and go to the entrance to the churchyard and look in . there he see the old manservant , who be push away a large flat stone from over a grave . the coffin in the grave be reveal . it be a old , rotten coffin . the manservant now throw away he shovel , and use he pick - axe to try and get the lid off . nikolas have catch up with he . the two man exchange meaningful nod . then nikolas jump down in the grave to help the manservant . léone's room the die léone wake up with a start . her great eye stare up at the ceiling , and she face express unspeakable and speechless astonishment . the nurse bend over she and ask : nurse what be it you can see ? léone answer , almost ecstatically : léone now death be come for I ... I shall not suffer any more ! the churchyard nikolas and the manservant have succeed in get the lid off the coffin . they look with horror at the sight that meet they eye . in the coffin be lie the old blind woman . her face be completely untouched , as if she be still alive . she be preternaturally pale and sallow . neither she breathe nor she heartbeat can be hear . nikolas look at she by the light of the lantern . léone's room léone look like somebody wait and listen . the nurse again bend over she and ask : nurse what do you hear ? léone grip the nurse 's hand and answer : léone my father ... be call for I ! ... her face still have the same expectant , startle expression . the churchyard the manservant give the crowbar to nikolas and himself take the mallet . nikolas lift the crowbar and direct the point at the blind woman 's heart . he raise and lower the crowbar several time in order to take careful aim . then he lift it and , turn he face away , plunge it with all he strength into she heart . nikolas signal to the manservant , who come up and hammer the crowbar further and further in with the mallet . they both look very serious . blow after blow echoe around . as soon as the crowbar be hammer home the two man break off from they work and take a step back . they stare down at the grave in consternation . the blind woman 's body have disappear , and in the place where she lay there be now only a bare white skeleton . léone's room léone as before . the tension and suffer seem to have go from she face . stare straight ahead , she whisper as if in a trance : léone now I feel strong ... my soul be free ! the churchyard the gravestone be be push back into place . in this shot we see only the coffin , the gravestone and the manservant 's hand at work . the blind woman' house there be a fire in the grate . Marc be lighting another cigar . the man with the wooden leg bring he a cup of coffee . Marc brushes some ash from he trousers and take a gulp of coffee . suddenly he raise he head and look towards the window . the man with the wooden leg observe he movement and go up to he . they both look at the window , where a face now come into view . it be Bernard , the man who be murder at the castle earlier in the night under such mysterious circumstance . the face move and look in anxiously , while Bernard 's hand protect he eye against the moonlight . the two man in the room be seize with terror . Marc bend forward , and hastily put out the light , at the same time signal to the man with the wooden leg to put out the fire in the grate . the latter pour water over the fire , which give out a hiss cloud of steam . marc go and see the door be properly shut ! the man with the wooden leg go , leave the door of the room open , but it bang behind he , as if blow by a draught . above the door be a large window . Marc recall the man with the wooden leg , as if regret he order . the man turn back hurriedly , but find the door close . in surprise he step back a pace , and through the window above the door he see a flicker light move to and for in the room . in he bewilderment he remain roote to the spot . then he hear a sound resembling that of a mother croon a gentle lullaby over she child , or of a doctor try to reassure he patient during a operation . at the same time one sense beneath the ingratiate and affectionate tone something threaten , hard and almost ironic - a threat of revenge . then we hear Marc 's voice : marc oh ! oh ! oh ! on the dirty white pane the shadow of the parrot can be see in silhouette rock to and for , while the silence be suddenly shattered by the parrot 's mock , teasing laughter . the strangely soporific , monotonous voice now begin speak again ; then there be a pierce cry of terror , so frightful and horrifying that the man with the wooden leg rush in utter panic to the door , tug at it , hammer on it and throw himself against it with all he strength . meanwhile scream upon scream resound , each more frenzied and hair - raise than the last . suddenly it be as if a invisible hand seize the man with the wooden leg and hurl he against the wall opposite the door . the light over the door move again . the door be open violently . Marc come out with every sign of consternation depict in he face . a sudden gleam of light illumine the room . the parrot , terrify , take to flight . Marc hurry through the house , rush out and flee without pause for a single moment . but the man with the wooden leg lie motionless on the spot where he be throw to the ground . his hand grip the handrail convulsively . his face be white , he look bewilder , and he under - jaw hang down . his eye be open and have a fix , vacant expression , as if still see the fearful event of the night . the churchyard the manservant have tidy up the grave and be now put back the tombstone , on which can be read the follow curious inscription : here lie marguerite chopin , bear 4 February 1809 , die 13 June 1867 . then a catalogue of she virtue . the blind woman' house we see nikolas 's hand insert the key in the door guard gisèle . he find it behind the piece of furniture where it be hide , and insert it in the lock . the shot be take in such a way that the spectator be uncertain whether the hand be real or not . rolling countryside Marc be run at full speed like a man pursue . he keep turn round , as if expect to see he pursuer at every moment . the blind woman' house gisèle be lie on she bed , lean against the wall , with she leg draw up under she . her hand be tie behind she back . nikolas 's hand appear on the screen attempt to loosen she bond . when the knot refuse to yield , he use he tooth . both the hand and nikolas 's profile be take as in the previous shot , i.e. , in such a way that the spectator be uncertain whether they be real or not . rolling countryside Marc be run away like a man who have lose he reason . where he be run there be no road or path . léone's room léone be at the point of death . she be quite calm . a angelic beauty suffuse she face . she smile . then she slowly close she eye . she give a deep sigh , like a child just before it fall asleep . she have expire . a hand lay a little gold crucifix on she close lip . [ rolling countryside ] Marc have run right across the field , still pursue by he invisible pursuer . suddenly he be envelop in mist . it be like steam rise from the earth . the mist give everything a ghostly appearance . Marc be seize with terror . he do not know where he be . he can neither see nor hear . he be so confuse and agitate that he do not know which way to take . he run first in one direction , then in another , try to retrace he step , but be unable to see they because of the mist . he run in a more and more random manner . he stop for a moment . then he see , a short distance away , a light , which seem to come from a lantern , and the faint outline of a gray shadow , which might be the shadow of a man . he call , but instead of answer the shadow merely move away from he . he run in pursuit of it ; but in spite of all he exertion the distance between they remain the same . speechless with terror , he pursue he frenzied course with he hand spread out in front of he , as if try to scatter the mist . out of the mist there suddenly loom up a great , dense shadow - the shadow of a house which the doctor recognize : it must be the mill beside the river . the doctor decide to try and hide in the mill . he will be safe there . listen intently , he open the door and venture in , step by step . he pass the room contain the great mill - wheel , which set the rest of the mill 's machinery in motion . at the moment the mill - wheel be completely at rest . so the doctor continue past it , on into the mill 's interior , where the white wall look as if they have be sear by a white - hot fire . absolute stillness reign everywhere . the doctor arrive at the little square room where the sack be fill with the finely ground flour . he enter the room and peer around . the ceiling of this little room consist of a sieve , which can be make to oscillate backwards and forward , and through which the newly ground flour must pass before it can fall into the open sack . the doctor be about to leave this room when the grate door behind he bang shut . at the same time the mill - wheel start turn as if set in motion by a invisible hand . the grind rhythm of the mill - wheel be transmit to the many other wheel in the mill and blend with they into a dismal , monotonous drine , which penetrate to the marrow and strike the doctor as ominous . he become still more uneasy on realize that the sieve above he head be beginning to oscillate backwards and forward , shaking one load of flour after another over he with clockwork regularity . suddenly he see through the sieve the shadow of the old manservant Joseph , to whom he call , hold he hand over he eye to protect they . but Joseph remain silent and ignore the doctor , who be catch in he trap . in he frustration the doctor tug at the grate door , but all in vain . the flour drift down and down . it be already up to the doctor 's knee , and he be almost completely out of breath . he be seize with ungovernable rage , and with clench fist he threaten the silent and invisible pursuer who be incarcerate he in this white terror . he stare straight ahead , as if hope to penetrate the flour dust 's white darkness with he gaze . the flour rise higher and higher in the cage with its many grating , and have now reach the doctor 's chest . he writhes and struggle desperately , with he one free hand he dig like a madman . all without result . the flour have powder he hair and eyebrow completely white . he shout - be silent for a moment - shout again - but nobody answer . his fate be inexorable . he weep and scream for help . the flour be up to he face , he close he mouth and press he lip together . the flour reach he mouth . his head slowly disappear . his last expression be a malevolent grimace . a reflection of light gleam in one of he glass . when it too be extinguish . the river cross-cutte with the scene describe above recording Marc 's death be scene show nikolas and gisèle on they way down to the river . when they reach the bank , they find it veile in a white mist so thick as almost to blot out the opposite bank . a boat be lie right at they foot . they jump down in it , and nikolas seize the oar and start row . when he have take a few pull out into the river , the mist grow thicker ; but he continue to row . now they can not even see the bank they have just leave . gisèle stare anxiously around , and nikolas rest on the oar to get he bearing . but they see that they be completely envelop in mist . they be somewhat uneasy and confuse . nikolas put he hand up to he mouth as a megaphone and call : nikolas hullo ! no answer . nikolas call again , and gisèle join in : nikolas and gisèle hullo ! Far away a man 's voice can be hear answer : the voice hullo ! nikolas stand up and shout : nikolas we be completely lose ! after a short pause he add : nikolas where be we ? the voice from the other bank : the voice this way ! nikolas thank you . he sit down again and begin to row . he row in silence for a moment without get any closer to the bank . gisèle be kneel in the bow keep a look - out . the mist be now so thick that nikolas can only distinguish she as a dark shadow . she say : gisèle do you think it 's that way ? he rest on the oar , and the boat drift with the gentle current . a eddy catch it , and it start spin round and round . nikolas shout : nikolas hullo ! the reply come from a completely different direction from what he have expect , and be much further away than the first time . the voice hullo ! nikolas and gisèle shout together : hullo ! the voice ... this way ! gisèle where be you ? the voice ( very distinctly , a word at a time ) wait ... we ... will ... light ... a ... fire ! nikolas good ! nikolas stay where he be , but back water so as not to be carry further away by the current . on the bank we see the ferryman , whom we recognize from the open of the film ; he be signal to a number of small boy to collect straw and wood for a bonfire . presently a strong flame shoot up , but the light from the fire , instead of pierce the blanket of mist , seem able only to make it shine like a white wall . in the boat nikolas and gisèle keep they eye fix on the place where they think the bank must be . nikolas shout impatiently : nikolas hullo ! ferryman can you see there ? gisèle what do you say ? ferryman can you see the fire ? gisèle no ! the ferryman stand and ponder for a moment . then he go to the bonfire himself to throw a bit more straw on it , say to the boy : ferryman sing , child ! the boy exchange slightly embarrassed glance ; then one of they begin to sing , and the other join in . a number of woman , who have arrive on the scene , also join in the sing . the verse which they sing be : hark , a angel bear its light through the gate of heaven . by God 's angel 's beam so bright all the black nocturnal shade be drive . during the sing the boat have come close in to the bank . for the two people in the boat the sing sound curiously muffle , even if they can hear it distinctly . then it cease . the ferryman hear the oar on the water . nikolas and gisèle now see the fire and the ferryman , who be walk along the bank , follow the rhythmical sound of the oar and the creak of the rowlock . now the boat pull into the bank , and the ferryman wade out into the water in order to catch hold of the prow and pull the boat ashore . nikolas and gisèle jump ashore . when they reach the top of the bank , the mist melt away . the path lead they into a little cluster of birch . the sun break through the cloud . they have leave the night and the shadow behind they . in front of they be mountain range and light . they still hear , as if proclaim by heavenly bell : hark , a angel bear its light ... screenplay by Carl dreyer