van helsing by Stephen sommer ext . forest - night lightning flash across the old universal logo . and then a flaming torch burn it away and we find ourselves in the middle of a angry mob of torch - wield peasant . crash through a dark forest . head for a huge castle . a bolt of lightning strike conductor above the skylight on top of the castle . - this entire open sequence be in black & white . int . laboratory - night a pair of strange eye suddenly come alive , peer out through slit in stain bandage . a man spin around into a close - up , he elegant face be cover in soot , sweat , and taut line of exhaustion . but he eye sparkle with a incredible intelligence , border on madness . this be doctor victor frankenstein . he yell one of the most famous phrase in film history : victor he 's alive .... he 's alive !! ... he's aliiiive !!! behind he , lie in a form -fitted iron pod , be a huge man , face cover in bandage . a loud crash spin Victor around , he run to a window and look out . over he shoulder we see the mob charge the front gate with a tree trunk - crash ! Wood splinter . but the gate hold . Victor start to panic , he spin around and come face - to- face with a dark figure . dracula ( dark figure ) success !! Victor scream in fright , then catch himself victor oh ... Count ... it 's just you . the Dark figure step forward into the flicker electrical light - show . tall , dark , and incredibly handsome , he reek of evil . this be count vladislaus dracula . dracula I be beginning to lose faith , Victor . he look we at the scream mob . dracula ( cont 'd ) a pity you moment of triumph be be spoiled over a little thing like grave robbery . ext . castle frankenstein - night a creepy guy in a top hat and undertaker 's suit yell out : top hat you know what he 's do in there ! to the body of you love one ! int . laboratory - night Victor be clearly on the verge of a nervous breakdown . victor I must ... I must escape this place . Victor dash across he laboratory ; the industrial Age at its grotesque beginning . weird iron generator and enormous copper dynamo line the wall . huge gear grind . massive fan belt whirl . electricity arc everywhere . dracula be now high up in the rafter , as if magically transport . dracula where be you go to run , Victor ? SPARKS rain down as Victor throw open a travel chest and wildly begin pack . dracula be suddenly on the complete opposite side of the room , pace the mantelpiece . dracula ( cont 'd ) you peculiar experiment have make you ... unwelcome , in most of the civilized world . Victor look up at dracula , momentarily confuse by dracula 's impossible move . victor I will take he away , far away , where no one will ever find he . he start pack again , bur dracula be suddenly right next to he . he step on the lid of the trunk and slam it shut . dracula no , Victor , the time have come for I to take command of he . victor what be you say ? dracula why do you think I bring you here ? gave you this castle ? equipped you lab ? victor you say you believe in my work . dracula and I do . but now that it be , as you yourself say , " a triumph of science over god , " it must now serve my purpose . victor what purpose ? ext . castle frankenstein - night wham ! go the tree trunk . splinter fly . the gate start to give . the crowd cheer . Thunder roar . int . laboratory - night Victor 's eye slowly widen in horror , he start to back away . victor good lord ... I would kill myself before help in such a task . dracula feel free . I do not actually need you anymore , Victor . I just need he ... he be the key . dracula move in for the kill . Victor back away towards the roaring fireplace , eye narrowing in defiance . victor before I would allow he to be use for such evil , I would destroy he . dracula I can not allow that to happen . my bride would be very put out . victor igor ! ... help I ! a despicable little hunchback with horrible buck tooth and a evil eye stare down from the rafter . this be igor . igor you have be so kind to I . Doctor , so caring and thoughtful ( gesture out to the mob ) but if they catch I , they will hang I again . igor reveal he horribly disfigure break neck . Victor quickly reach the mantel and grab a sabre cross over the frankenstein family coat - of - arm . victor stay back ! dracula you can not kill I , Victor ... dracula impale himself on Victor 's sabre and keep walk , impale himself all the way up to the hilt , bring the two man eye - to -eye . Victor be beyond shocked . dracula smile . dracula ( cont 'd ) --- I be already dead . ext . castle frankenstein - night crash ! go the front gate . exploding into splinter . peasant and torch pour through . lightning flash . int . laboratory - night dracula 's canine glide out into razor sharp fang , all the blood drain from he face , he hair turn pure white . Victor scream . the Count bite down into he neck . up in the rafter , igor scurries off through a door , slamm it behind he as Victor 's shadow be murder above it . dracula drop Victor 's limp body to the floor . and that 's when a horrific anguished bellow suddenly fill the room . frankenstein nooo ! dracula spin around , drop Victor to the floor . a dynamo hit dracula full on . he and the dynamo be flung into the fireplace , scatter flame log and ember . a bandage apparition scoops Victor into its arm . ext . castle frankenstein - night igor scurries we a small door outside the castle wall and close it behind he , then he look up over the wall to the peasant storming the upper rampart . he cackle in glee . the door behind he suddenly burst open . the apparition race out , carry Victor in its arm . it blow past igor and head off across the moor , head for a old windmill up on a bluff . igor be shocked and panicked , he quickly look up at the peasant and point to the apparition . igor frankenstein ! he 's create a monster ! ! igor fearfully scurries off into the shadow . ext . rampart - night up on the rampart , top hat point down scream : top hat look ! it 's head for the windmill ! int . laboratory - night from inside the fireplace , the Count fling the massive dynamo across the laboratory . it hit a generator that blast into a flume of spark and fire . the Count charge out of the fireplace , he face be a burn mess , but it quickly and completely heal . ext . windmill - night the mob charge across the moor , chase the apparition towards the windmill . int . windmill - night the mob charge the windmill . the creature slam the door shut on they , then dash across the room , which be a old absinthe still . he rampage up a rickety wooden staircase . ext . top of windmill - night at the top of the windmill , the creature rage through a splintering door and look down at the craze mob below . we finally get we first good look at frankensteinxs monster : bolt , scar , stitches , and the back of he head be make of glass , a small electrical storm be go off inside it . but the look in he eye surprise we , he be terrify , this tremendous beast of a man be actually fearful . frankenstein why ? ... int . laboratory - night dracula 's shadow rise up the laboratory wall and transform into something huge , with wing . ext . top of windmill - night frankenstein groan in fear as a thick unbroken band of flickering torch encircle the windmill . the scream peasant throw they torch . a noose of flame leap up the wall . the monster roar . then look off at the castle . off in the distance , the castle 's glass skylight burst as a winged shadow explode up out of it . High up in the dark , thunder - rack sky , three more liquid - like shadow come fly through the roiling purple cloud to join it . peasant vampire ! run for you life ! the huge crowd flee in horror across the moor . the flame have surge up the windmill and now surround frankenstein 's monster . he look down at Victor and hug he tightly to he chest . frankenstein Father ... then with tear on he cheek , he lift a fist towards the oncoming shadow above and let we a anguish bellow . and that 's when the entire windmill implode . take the monster and he creator down with it . the timber and the gear and the fan and all the ironwork plummet downward . a huge ball of FIRE and flaming debris fly everywhere . huge billow wing suddenly fly right over camera , practically wiping frame . they immediately become a cape , which wrap around dracula as he hit the ground run . and then three billow white wing fly over camera , and they wrap around three exorically gorgeous young woman . dracula 's bride : aleera , verona , and marishka . dracula stagger to a stop and stare in desperation at the flame wreckage . his bride be distraught beyond word : they burst into tear , wail with inhuman shriek . we push in on the flaming windmill , belching its last spark , then slowly dissolve to its char remain . super : one year later ext . windmill - day the black & white end , the film saturate , become a deep blue , and then a huge , powerful blur rip past the ruin . the sound it make be incredibly deep , feral , and frightening . ext . forest clearing - gloomy day look down through massive tree onto a small clear . a handsome young man be tie to a post , hand above he head . prince velkan tense at the sound of the approach beast . and then all go quiet . bushes rustle . velkan 's eye look leave . a tree creak . velkan look right . a branch sway . velkan wait for the inevitable . and then , 30 foot up a tree , a massive werewolf creep out , cling horizontally to the bark . ten foot tall . fangs. claw . the work . it hunch , about to lunge . velkan tense . velkan come on . dracula unleash you for a reason . the werewolf leap . velkan 's hand rip loose of he binding . he vault himself up onto the top of the post just as the werewolf slam into it , just miss he . the werewolf cling to the post and look up as velkan leap up and grab a vine hang above the post . behind some bushes : several men pull a lever . the vine jerk velkan up off the pole , head for safety , but then he come to a abrupt stop . the look in he eye tell we this be not part of the plan . behind the bush the man be struggle with the lever . villager it 's stick ! it 's stick ! a gorgeous young woman spin around and draw she sword : she wear the sexy silk dress of a gypsy princess , this be anna valerious . one of the man grab she . man no! Anna ! it will kill you ! anna ( rip free of he grip ) that 's my brother out there ! out in the clear , the werewolf snarl up at velkan and start to hunch , about to lunge up at he . Anna charge out of the bush . the werewolf see she . so do velkan . velkan Anna ! no ! Anna raise she sword and keep on charge . the werewolf snarl viciously and jump off the pole , it immediately fall through a camouflage mesh cover the ground . behind the bush a man swing a ax and chop the rope attach to the lever . out in the clear , a huge iron cage rip up out of the ground around the pole . Anna do a back - flip off the cage as it 's pull up into the air . up on the vine , velkan draw he silver revolver . the roof of the cage spring shut , trapping the werewolf inside . velkan aim down at the werewolf , but the cage slam into he on it 's way up into the tree . his revolver go fly . velkan and the cage be rockete straight up into the huge tree . ext . forest - treetop - day Way up in the tree , the cage slam to a stop . velkan leap off and land on a branch . the cage start crash back and forth , the werewolf try to rip its way out . ropes snap . velkan my gun ! find my gun ! ext . forest - clearing - day down in the clear , Anna desperately look around , several man begin fire rifle up into the tree , Anna shove one of they out of she way . anna no! find velkan 's gun ! it have to be the silver bullet ! ext . forest - treetop - day another rope snap . the cage swing widly , now hang by a single rope . ext . forest - clearing - day Anna spot velkan 's silver revolver on the far side of the clear . she run for it . the cage suddenly slam down right in front of she , cut she off from the gun . the werewolf burst out of the smashed cage . Anna turn and run like hell . the werewolf spot she and give chase . Anna race through the foliage . the werewolf 's Pov get closer and closer . Anna run out of the forest and almost go over a cliff . she stop herself just short , it 's a half mile to the bottom , she spin around and start to run back into the foliage , then freeze as she see tree and bush throw into the air , the werewolf get closer and closer . the werewolf leap out of the bush , straight at Anna . Anna be suddenly shove out of the way by velkan . he fire he gun . the werewolf howl in pain , but manage to chomp into velkan 's shoulder and tackle he off the screen . Anna slam to the ground , then spin around , velkan and the werewolf be go . only the revolver remain , still smoking . Anna leap up and look over the edge of the misty cliff . velkan be nowhere in sight . Anna be devastate . anna velkan ... and then she hear something and spin around . it 's the werewolf , lie in the bush . Anna grab the gun , level it , cock it , and move in for the kill . and that 's when the werewolf transform , turn into a die old man . old man thank you . Anna stare down at he , horrify . the Old man smile . old man ( cont 'd ) I die free from dracula 's awful grip . and then with the last of he energy he grab Anna 's ankle . old man ( cont 'd ) but now you must stop he ! ... he have a terrible secret ... he have --. he have ... ! 10 . the Old man die . Anna stare down at he , then look off over the precipice . we push in on she tear - streak face as she shut she eye . then pull back as another face dissolves up over hers . it 's a " wanted poster . " want for murder in many country be a masked man wear a cloak , a cape , and a black , wide - brimm hat . his name be van helsing . a hand rip the poster off the screen and we suddenly find ourselves in : paris , FRANCE - rainy night the hand belong to a mask man in a cloak , a cape , anda black , wide - brimm hat . in the background be the eiffel Tower , half build . it 's quiet . too quiet . and then we hear a blood curdle scream . Van helsing 's eye do not even flinch , he calmly crumple the poster , chuck it , and move off down the foggy cobblestone lane , he cape flow behind he . ext . notre dame - night we pan down from notre dame to a woman' dead body lie on the cobblestone in a puddle of blood , eye wide open , look terrify . Van helsing step up and give the body the once over , study the spoor . he pick up a smolder cigar stub next to the body , drip with saliva , then he freeze , eye suddenly on the alert , he spin around and we rack focus to the top of Notre Dame . Way up on the North Tower , a huge , shadowy figure clamber up the sheer wall and vanish over a upper railing . int . notre dame belfry - night Van helsing silently step up into the belfry , which be dark and dusty and cover in religious relic . very gothic . moonlight slice through the attic window as Van helsing glide past the massive church bell , then he freeze , every hair and muscle on he body suddenly tense . a long beat . and then a gigantic malformed man drop down three foot in front of he , hang upside - down from the rafter . he snarl viciously . this be mister hyde . Van helsing gingerly take one step back , then pull down he mask , revealing he handsome face for the first time . van helsing even . hyde 's fleshy jowl spew phlegm as he speak , a burn cigar clamp between he rotten tooth . mister hyde you be a big one . you will be hard to digest . 11 . van helsing I would hate to be such a nuisance . hyde flip around and land on he gnarled foot . Van helsing size he up , all nine foot of he . van helsing ( cont 'd ) I miss you in London . mister hyde no you do not . hyde lift up he huge arm to show three cauterize bullet hole blow clear through he biceps . mister hyde ( cont 'd ) you get I good . hyde start to circle . Van helsing do likewise . van helsing Doctor jekyll , you be want by the Knights of the Holy order - mister hyde it 's mister hyde now . van helsing - for the murder of twelve man , six woman — mister hyde - four child , three goat and a rather nasty massacre of poultry . so you be the great Van helsing . he blow a huge smoke ring at Van helsing . Van helsing ignore it . van helsing and you be a derange psychopath . hyde take the red-hot cigar out of he mouth and crush the glow he palm . mister hyde we all have we little problem . Van helsing 's whole mind and body to gear up . van helsing my superior would like for I to take you alive , so that they may extricate you better half . 12 . mister hyde they would , would they ? van helsing personally , I would rather just kill you and call it a day . mister hyde laugh . Van helsing do not . van helsing ( cont 'd ) let 's make it you decision , shall we ? hyde suddenly lash out with one of he huge hand , catch Van helsing across the face , slam he back into a wall . Van helsing calmly wipe the blood off he mouth . van helsing ( cont 'd ) good , we be in agreement then . in a lightning quick move , Van helsing draw he revolver and fire . like all of Van helsing 's weapon , they be highly stylize , yet ruthlessly functional . the sound be thunderous . as the smoke clear , hyde be nowhere to be see . Van helsing holster he gun and move forward . mister hyde suddenly charge out of the darkness . Van helsing instantly come up with circular blade in each hand . he spin around and cut hyde across the rib as he pass . hyde howl in pain and , unable to stop he own momentum , crash straight into the huge church bell , which gong loudly . hyde grab he ear . mister hyde the bell ! the bell !! Van helsing move in for the kill . his finger start pump the spring - load blade , which begin to rotate , faster and faster until they be a menace blur of razor sharp steel . hyde grab the huge bell , rip it off its mooring and slam it down over Van helsing , trapping he inside . hyde chuckle . and then he hear the blade buzzing away inside . hyde look concerned , grab the bell , and lift it up . Van helsing be go , and there 's a big hole carve out of the wooden floor . hyde scowl , then hear the blade buzzing again . he look around . Van helsing be nowhere in sight , then he look up . Van helsing be crouch up inside the bell above hyde 's head . he swing a blade . mister hyde 's leave arm drop to the floor . cut clean off . the bell crash to the floor . Van helsing roll free . he and hyde stare at the severe arm , flap away on the floor . 13 . van helsing I will bet that 's upsetting . the huge arm transform into the arm of a spindly old man . mister hyde angrily lunge forward , grab Van helsing , and throw he clear up through the top of the tower . ext . NORTH tower - night Van helsing explode up through a wooden trap door and crash down hard to the deck . he try to get up , but he 's nearly unconscious . hyde leap up beside he , pick he up by the back of he collar and carry he across the tower . mister hyde I think you will find the view over here rather spectacular . at the edge of the tower , hyde lift Van helsing up face - to - face . mister hyde ( cont 'd ) be a pleasure know you . mister hyde throw Van helsing off the top of Notre Dame . okay , everything happens at once , pay close attention : as Van helsing plummet towards the cobblestone far below he desperately whip out a grapple hook gun , aim , and fire it upwards . the bolt shoot out , tether trail behind it . it blow right through hyde 's belly and shoot out of he back . tight on the bolt as it slow in mid-air , tether slacken , and then the serrate grapple hook snap out , the tether go taut , and the whole thing be jerk back out of frame . the grapple hook slam into mister hyde 's back . the tether go taut . Van helsing snap to a stop at the end of the tether , two foot short of splattering into the cobblestone . hyde be jerk forward , but catch himself on the ledge . Van helsing get to he foot , grab the tether and yank it . hyde be jerk over the edge , but a single toe stop he from fall , he lone arm flail , and then with all he might he throw himself backwards . read faster : Van helsing be jerk up off the ground . hyde stumble back and fall off the tear of the tower , he drop down and crash through the roof of the church . Van helsing rocket up the side of Notre Dame , head for the top of the tower . 14 . int . notre dame - night mister hyde swing down across the great church and right into the Rose window . ext . notre dame - night the massive window at the front and center of Notre Dame explode as mister hyde crash through it . Van helsing land on he foot at the top of the tower and look down . we follow mister hyde down as he transform into a meek old man , who have one deeply disturbing moment to consider he predicament . and then he hit the pavement . up on the tower , Van helsing look genuinely remorseful , he body slump in sadness , he make the sign - of - the cross . van helsing God rest you soul . ... ext . plaza - night gendarme , priest , and local denizen race up to the dead body from every direction . then they all look up to the top of the North Tower , and be instantly terrify , several of they run away in fear . people Van helsing ! ... it 's Van helsing !... silhouett against the moon be we hero . the sergeant of the gendarm raise a angry fist . sergeant ( 0.s . ) Van helsing you murdererrrr ... smash CUT to rome - dawn the clock behind St. Peter 's basilica chime as Van helsing trot he black stallion across the enormous piazza San pierro , line with bernini 's magnificent colonnade . super : vatican CITY int . ST . peter - dawn gregorian chanting can be hear as Van helsing stride through the great church in all christendom . 15 . int . confessional - day Inside a ornate confessional , Van helsing drop to one knee . van helsing bless I , Father , for I have sin . know what 's come , Van helsing grit he tooth . a tiny partition door slam open . through the wooden mesh we see cardinal jinette , a tough old bird with pierce eye . cardinal jinette you shattered the Rose window ! van helsing not to split hair , sir , but it be mister hyde who do the shatter . thirteen Thirteenth -century . over six hundred year old ! I wish you a week in hell for that ! van helsing it would be a nice reprieve . cardinal jinette do not get I wrong , you result be unquestionable , but you method draw far too much attention . " want poster " ? we be not pleased . van helsing you think I like be the most want man in Europe ? why do not you and the order do something about it ? the cardinal lean in and lower he voice conspiratorially . cardinal jinette you know why , because " we " do not exist . van helsing then neither do I . Van helsing get up to go . the cardinal pull a lever . bolt on Van helsing 's door lock shut . the cardinal lean in , all fire and brimstone . 16 . cardinal jinette when we find you crawl up the step of this church , half dead , it be clear to all of we that you have be send to do God 's work . van helsing why can not he do it himself ? cardinal jinette do not blaspheme ! you already lose you memory as a penance for past sin . the cardinal pull another lever , a series of gear slide the back wall open , revealing a secret hide staircase . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) if you wish to recover it , I suggest you continue to heed the call . int . armory - day the cardinal and Van helsing enter a enormous underground armory , bustling with action , lot of steam and fire . cardinal jinette government and empire come and go , but we have keep mankind safe since time immemorial . beneath the giant blast furnace we see jewish rabbis work the billow , hindu priest stoke the fire , and muslim cleric hammer red hot scimitar on anvil . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) we be the last defense against evil . a evil that the rest of mankind have no idea even exist . Van helsing 's eye fill with torment , relive past moment : van helsing to you , this monster be evil being to be vanquish , but I be the one leave stand there when they die and become the man they once be . 17 . cardinal jinette for you , my good son , this be all a test of faith . that be why you have no idea who you be or where you come from . Van helsing give he a look . the cardinal smile knowingly . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) say you meet God , and he set you on a task , you would have no fear because you would know that God be with you , but if you memory of meeting God be lose , then every day would be a test of faith . Van helsing sigh heavily , we see the weariness in he eye , the weight of he call press down upon he . the cardinal snap he finger and the light dim . a rabbi turn on a slide projector and start click slide , show the way from Rome to Eastern Europe . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) we need you to go to the east , to the far side of Romania , a accurse land , terrorize by all sort of nightmarish creature . a slide of a handsome gothic prince come up . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) lord over by a certain Count dracula . Van helsing 's interest be immediately pique . van helsing dracula . then a slide come up show a painting of a old fifteenth - century nobleman , he suit of armor cover in holy cross , he name emblazon on silver below it : valerious the elder . cardinal jinette four hundred and fifty year ago a transylvanian knight name valerious the elder promise God that he family would never rest , nor enter heaven , until they vanquish dracula from they land . they have not succeed , and they be run out of family . 18 . several grainy black - and - white slide of a family come up . a burly old king and young Prince velkan . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) boris valerio we , King of the gypsy , he go miss almost one year ago . his son velkan die just last week . van helsing and the girl ? Van helsing gesture to Anna , riding she horse . cardinal jinette princess Anna , the last of the valerio we . if she be kill , nine generation of she family will never enter the gate of St. Peter . the room flood with light . the cardinal face Van helsing . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) for more than four century this family have hold down we leave flank . they give they life , we cannot let they slip into purgatory . van helsing so you be send I into hell . cardinal jinette in a manner . a old Muslim cleric step up and hand something to the cardinal . the cardinal hold it up for Van helsing . it 's a torn piece of painted cloth encase in a strip of glass . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) the old knight leave this here four hundred year ago . we do not know its purpose , but he would not have leave it lightly . Van helsing stare at it . paint on the cloth be part of a latin inscription . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) in Latin inscription translate as : " in the name of God , open this door . " 19 . and then a look of confusion wash over Van helsing 's face . in the corner of the cloth be a insignia in the shape of a dragon . Van helsing hold he hand up next to the insignia . on Van helsing 's hand be a ring with the exact same dragon insignia . the cardinal set he hand on Van helsing 's arm , fatherly . cardinal jinette ( cont 'd ) I think that in transylvania , you may find the answer you seek . .. . on Van helsing 's look we CUT to : int . armory - day Van helsing stride through a huge blast of steam . a extremely earnest little Friar scurries up , this be carl . carl there you be . do you bring he back ? or do you kill he ? Van helsing do not even slow down . Carl shake he head . carl ( cont 'd ) you kill he , do not you ? that 's why they get so annoyed . when they ask you to bring someone back , they do not mean as a corpse . Van helsing scowl under he breath . Carl smile . carl ( cont 'd ) ah! right . you be in a mood . well , come on , I have get a few thing that will put the bit back in you mouth . Van helsing be suddenly attract to some sword come out of a flame forge . Carl grab he and pull he away . carl ( cont 'd ) any idiot can make a sword . a huge , beefy , Buddhist monk cover in sweat step out from behind the forge , stare dagger at Carl . carl ( cont 'd ) sorry , father ! Carl grab some item off a shelf and stuff they into Van helsing 's arm : 20 . carl ( cont 'd ) ring of garlic , holy water , a wooden stake , a silver crucifix ... Van helsing watch some Spanish priest fire a gatling gun . van helsing why can not I use one of that ? Carl look at Van helsing like he 's talk to a child . carl you have never go after vampire before have you ? van helsing vampire , gargoyle , warlock , they be all the same , best when cook well . carl they be not all the same . a vampire be nothing like a warlock . my granny could kill a warlock . van helsing Carl , you have never even be out of the abbey , how do you know about vampire ? carl that 's why they make book . he gesture to a collection of manuscript by socrate , copernicus , Da vinci , and Galileo , then step up to a glass oven where stick of dynamite be drip sweat into vial . carl ( cont 'd ) here 's something new . glycerine 48 . Carl stick he pinky into a vial and then flick a drop of the dynamite sweat against a wall , the drop burst into a large ball of flame . several of the startle clergy yell out : several priest knock it off , Carl ! carl sorry ! sorry ! ( aside to Van helsing ) the air around here be thick with envy . 21 . Carl grab a strange - look crossbow : and hand it to Van helsing , it 's cover in little iron pump and copper tube . carl ( cont 'd ) this be my latest invention . van helsing now this I like . carl Gas propel , capable of catapult bolt in rapid succession at tremendous velocity . just pull the trigger and hold on . ( he adjust the sight ) I have hear the storey come out of transylvania , trust I , you will need this . a work of certifiable genius . van helsing if you do not say so yourself . Carl do not get sarcasm . carl I do say so myself . ( earnest , not brag ) I be a veritable cornucopia of talent . Van helsing pick up a very odd - look contraption . van helsing do you invent this ? carl I have be work on that for twelve year . it 's compress magma from mount vesuvius with pure alkaline from the gobi Desert . it 's one of a kind . van helsing what 's it for ? carl I have no idea , but I be sure it will come in handy . Carl scurries on as Van helsing follow . 22 . van helsing twelve year and you do not know what it do ? carl I do not say that . I say I do not know what it 's for . what it do be create a light equal to the intensity of the sun . van helsing and this will come in handy how ? Carl heft two huge duffle bag fill with weaponry into Van helsing 's arm . carl I do not know . you could blind you enemy . charbroil a herd of charge wildebeest . use you imagination . van helsing no , Carl , I be go to use yours , that 's why you be come with I . carl the hell be damned if I be . van helsing ( point a accuse finger ) you curse . not very well , but you be a monk , you be not suppose to curse at all . carl actually , I be still just a friar , I can curse all I want ... damn it . van helsing the cardinal have order you to keep I alive ... he shove the huge duffle bag into Carl 's arm . van helsing ( cont 'd ) ... for as long as possible . Van helsing turn and head off through the flame forges . Carl , carry the huge duffle bag , stagger off after he . 23 . carl but I be not a field man ! a blast of steam fill frame , and then the camera be suddenly fly through cloud .... ext . transylvania - gloomy day the camera rip out of the cloud and dive down between two craggy mountain peak , revealing the strange village of vaseria nestle in the heart of a creepy valley . the camera whip down into the village and crest the rooftop , as it land next to a chimney , three white wing drop down around it and transform into familiar gowns . the camera hold on the village square below , bustling with activity . aleera tremble with anticipation . aleera ( romanian - subtitle ) I be very , very excited about this . marishka pour . marishka ( romanian - subtitle ) why can not we just let the werewolf kill she ? verona give she a condescending look . verona never trust a man to do a woman 's job . ext . village square - day wearing hood , head down , Van helsing and Carl move through the vicious-looking crowd . Carl whisper to Van helsing . carl ++. so you can remember everything about you life from the last seven year , but nothing before that ? van helsing not now , Carl . Van helsing 's keen eye be busy case the local . carl there must be something ? 24 . van helsing ( dead serious ) I remember fight the Roman at masada . carl that be in 73 a.d .? van helsing you ask . Carl suddenly notice what Van helsing have already take in , the villager have be sneaking suspicious glance at they . carl what be we do here ? why be it so important to kill this dracula anyway ? van helsing because he 's the son of the devil . carl I mean besides that . van helsing because if we kill he , anything bitten by he or create by he will also die . carl I mean besides that . Van helsing give he a look . top hat step up to they . top hat welcome to transylvania . all the villager suddenly have knife , machete , and pitchfork in they hand , and they be all stare at Van helsing and Carl . Carl nervously whisper to Van helsing . carl be it always like this ? van helsing pretty much . a pair of riding boot step up onto the well in front of they . it 's Anna , she gesture to the two man . anna you ! let I see you face . 25 . under the hat , we see Van helsing 's eye take she in . van helsing why ? anna because we do not trust stranger . van helsing I do not trust anyone . top hat pull out a measure tape and start measure Carl . top hat stranger never last long here . anna gentlemen , you will now be disarm .. several village man move forward . Van helsing glare at they . van helsing you can try . the man stop in they track , they resolve ~ waver in he glare . anna you refuse to obey we law ? van helsing the law of man mean little to I . anna Fine . ( she look out at the crowd ) kill they . all the villager raise they weapon and start to close in . van helsing I be here to help you . anna I do not need any help . van helsing really ? 26 . Van helsing whip the crossbow out from behind he back , the bow snap out aim right at Anna . Anna react and duck , revealing the three bride fly in formation right behind she , come right at she . the bride be now huge , white vicious bat from hell , we know it 's the bride because they face be very distinct within the composition of the creature . Van helsing fire . Three bolt . the bride split up as the bolt whiz past , just miss they . the white spectre swoop up over the rooftop and around the byzantine church spire . villager nosferatu ! ! all hell break loose . the bat rocket around the square , rip door and shutter off they hinge , blow table and chair end - over - end , throw people ass -over - teacup . anna everybody inside ! Van helsing keep fire , try to get a bead on they . aleera swoops down , head for Anna . Anna see she come and leap off the well , right onto Van helsing , they crash to the ground . Van helsing look at Anna sprawle across he . van helsing normally , I do not like woman who throw themselves at I .... Anna be suddenly rip up off of he by marishka . Van helsing bound up onto the well , leap out and grab Anna . van helsing ( cont 'd ) think you say you do not need any help . the two of they drop free and hit the ground . Anna land on Van helsing , she thigh straddle he face . he grab she and roll she to the ground . van helsing ( cont 'd ) stay here . she grab he and roll he to the ground . anna you stay here . they be try to kill I . 27 . Anna instantly leap up and run . Van helsing get up to go after she , then spot he crossbow through the trample crowd . verona and marishka fly up over the rooftop . verona marishka , my dear , please kill the stranger . marishka Love to . Van helsing grab he crossbow and spin around to see aleera and verona fly through the chaos , toss peasant out of they way , chase Anna . Van helsing dash across the square , he fire again , send aleera scatter . van helsing Carl ! I be out ! Carl race forward , pull out a clip and throw it to Van helsing . Van helsing catch it just as marishka swoops in on he . Van helsing dive to the ground in the nick of time . marishka 's claw foot end up grab a cow , she lift it into the air and pitch it through a second -story balcony . Van helsing leap up , slam the clip home and spin to see Anna racing across the far side of the square , verona still on she tail . Van helsing shoulder the crossbow and fire , multiple bolt , rapid fire , tremendous velocity . dozen of arrow rip into the storefront all around verona and Anna . Anna leap over some crate as verona swoops over she , just miss she . verona grab a run man and lift he up into the air . the man scream in horror . verona just smile . verona be happy in the knowledge that you blood shall keep I beautiful . verona bite into he neck . top hat cackle at this from behind a rack of coffin . Anna leap up from behind the crate , dozen of arrow be imbed everywhere . Anna give Van helsing a angry look . anna who be you try to kill ?! the whole square suddenly go dead quiet . the bride be nowhere in sight . all the villager be hunkere down , look around . Van helsing give Anna a question look . she nod upwards . anna ( cont 'd ) the sun . 28 . Van helsing see a sliver of SUN shine through the cloud . then he hear a loud splash . he and Anna turn and look at the well . they move in on it , weapon draw . they peer into the well . above they , the cloud cover the sun . Carl react . carl Van helsing ! too late . aleera rocket up out of the well . Van helsing be blow back as aleera grab Anna and fly up into the air . Van helsing leap up and aim , but he can not get a clear shot . Anna 's boot skim the rooftop . she reach down with she free hand , withdraw a switchblade from a ankle strap , flick it open and slashes aleera 's ankle . aleera shriek with a mouth fill with fang , then throw Anna into the air . verona swoops in and grab she . the blade go fly . Van helsing track the huge bat with he crossbow , then fire a single shot . the lone arrow impale verona 's foot , she shriek in pain and rage . Anna drop free , fall onto a rooftop and tumble down . she manage to grab a gutter forty foot up and dangle precariously . she leap off the roof , flip through the air , land upside down on the side of a tree , then jump the rest of the way to the ground and run like hell . and that 's when Carl see something . carl ( cont 'd ) Van helsing ! two o'clock ! Van helsing pivot in time to see marishka come right at he . he fire . a half dozen bolt peg into marishka . she spiral wildly across the square and crash straight through the side of a building . int . village home - day Anna sprint into a house , slam the door shut , bolt it tight and turn to go . aleera 's face be right in front of she , dangle upside down from a ceiling beam , she lick she bleed ankle and smile coquettishly . aleera do you know how long I have want to kill you ? Anna be clearly afraid , but try to hide it as she slowly back away . anna aleera , do I do something to you in a past life ? 29 . aleera flip off the beam and land between Anna and the door . Anna back away into the live room as aleera close in for the kill . aleera do not play coy with I , princess , you be just like all the other pretty little ancestor in you family . say you want to destroy my master , but I know what lurk in you lust heart . anna I hope you have a heart , aleera , because someday I be go to drive a stake through it . aleera throw a casual uppercut , launching Anna like a rag - doll through a close window . ext . alley - day Anna crash through the shatter window , land catlike on the ground , and launch herself down a adjacent alley . ext . square - day Van helsing and Carl creep towards the building that marishka crash though . from inside they can hear sobbing . marishka ( 0.s. ) my face , look what you have do to my face ... Van helsing slowly move towards the building , crossbow shoulder . the front door suddenly blow open . marishka blast out and backhand Van helsing fifty foot through the air . his crossbow go fly . marishka wing around the square , arrow imbed in she chest and face . Carl dive out of she way as she rip the arrow we , one by one , then land on a balcony and transform back into a beautiful girl . Van helsing roll over in time to see marishka 's wound completely heal . Carl leap up . carl this should do the trick ! Van helsing look at he . Carl throw a familiar steel and glass bottle . 30 . carl ( cont 'd ) Holy water ! the bottle flip through the air , verona suddenly swoops in and snatch it . she throw it into the well and look at marishka . verona finish he . then she fly off . marishka look at Van helsing and smile . marishka too bad . so sad . Van helsing look over at the church . we crash zoom across the square to a tight shot of a basin of Holy Water . then we whip pan onto marishka , she look from the Holy Water to Van helsing . his eye . her eye . both of they be gear up . int . pub - day Anna careen into a pub and skid to a stop . aleera be casually sip a glass of very red wine . a man lie dead across the bar next to she . Anna spin around , but verona be now right behind she . verona hello , Anna , my dear . she start to move in for the kill . Anna stumble back into a wall , cornere . anna you will not have I , verona . verona just smile pleasantly and lick she lip . verona the last of the valerious . ext . village square - day Van helsing look at he crossbow , half way between he and marishka . marishka leap up onto the balcony railing , she arm out , ready to take flight , dare he to make the first move . Van helsing go for it . Racing for the crossbow . marishka leap out and transform into a huge bat . Van helsing dive and roll as marishka swoops over he . Van helsing leap up with he crossbow . 31 . ext . pub day verona open she mouth , she canine distend into horrible fang . Anna throw a punch . verona grab she hand , lightning quick , and force Anna to she knee . aleera step up . aleera I want first bite . verona nod she consent . aleera bend down for the kill . ext . village square - day Van helsing run like hell for the church . marishka plunge down into the square , laugh wildly . Van helsing make it to the basin and slam the tip of he arrow into the water . marishka rocket right at he back , claw and fang extend . Van helsing spin and fire . bolt from the crossbow strafe into the rocketing bat , only this time marishka shriek horribly , accompany by the sound of sizzling flesh . she spiral up and slam into the middle of the church spire . int . pub - day verona and aleera both scream . Anna be blow across the pub by a shock wave of wind as the bride become bat . ext . village square - day Van helsing pivot as the two spectre crash up through a rooftop and fly into the air , he aim to fire , but they quickly fly off , wailing insanely . Van helsing step back from the church and look up . the die bat be pin to the spire by the arrow in it 's chest . the crowd go quiet , stare up as the hellish thing slowly transform back into a gorgeous young girl . marishka glare down at Van helsing and hiss , then decays into molten rot , shriek all the way . Carl look over and notice the cow , stand on the second floor balcony , look confuse . as the villager crawl out from under all the wreckage , some of they start point accuse finger at Van helsing villager he kill a bride . he kill marishka ! he kill a vampire ! now Carl be confuse . 32 . carl be not that a good thing ? top hat step up with a amused smile . top hat the vampire only kill what they need to survive , one or two people a month . now they will kill for revenge . the angry villager move in with they pitchfork and machete . Carl look back at Van helsing . carl be you always this popular ? van helsing pretty much . top hat smile politely and tip he hat at Van helsing . top hat and what name , my good sir , do I put on you gravestone ? and that 's when Anna step up . anna his name be Van helsing . a murmur wash over the transylvanian crowd , but unlike with the french , it be in admiration , not fear . villager Van helsing ... it 's Van helsing ... Anna give Van helsing a nod . anna you reputation precede you . Van helsing give she a hard look back . van helsing next time , stay close , you be no good to I dead . Anna be momentarily ruffle by this , then she laugh . 33 . anna well , I will say this for you , you have get courage . ( she turn to the crowd ) he 's the first one to killa vampire in over a hundred year ! she give the handsome rogue a appraise look . anna ( cont 'd ) I would say that 's earn he a drink . int . castle dracula tower - night tight on a dragon insignia , like the one on Van helsing 's ring . carve into a open coffin cover in snow and ice . the snow and ice suddenly melt into steam as dracula rise up out of it . dracula marishkaaa -!! we be deep in the bowel of a thirteenth - century fortress . it 's like nothing we have ever see before . everything be cover in a thick permafrost . great icicle hang down from the ceiling . icy stalagmite rise up from the floor . with weird , feral movement , dracula jerk himself out of he coffin and walk up a enormous pillar . as he pass ancient candelabra , the candle mysteriously ignite . dracula ( cont 'd ) if it 's not the Christians , it 's the moor ! why can not they just leave we alone . we never kill more than we fill . and less than we share . can they say the same ? dracula walk upside down across the forty - foot-high ceiling . dracula ( cont 'd ) do I not say how important it be to finish with this valerious . he come face - to- face with verona and aleera , hang from a beam by they foot , cradle in each other arm , sobbing . dracula ( cont 'd ) now that we be so very close to fulfil we dream ? 34 . the bride wail in anguish , dracula 's demeanor change on a dime , from anger to sympathy . dracula ( cont 'd ) there , there , my lovely . do not worry , I shall find another bride . the bride be appal . aleera do we mean so little to you !? verona have you no heart ! dracula no ! I have no heart . I feel no love . nor fear , nor joy , nor sorrow . I be hollow ! soulless ! at war with the world and every live soul in it ! ... but soon ... very soon , the final battle will begin . his demeanor change on a dime again , he smile curiously . dracula ( cont 'd ) I must find out who we new visitor be . dracula jump the forty foot to the ground with ease . the huge shadow of a werewolf prowl across the wall behind he , a chain around its neck . dracula smile at it . dracula ( cont 'd ) we will have to make a special aperitif out of he . we be much too close to success to be interrupt now . both bride immediately panic and leap off they perch , drop the forty foot and land next to dracula . aleera no , my lord ! please ! say you will not try again ! verona my heart could not bear the sorrow if we fail again . dracula silence -!! 35 . the bride cower in fear . dracula be immediately horrify , as if he hurt a little child , he envelop they in he cape . dracula ( cont 'd ) no , no , no . do not fear I , you must not fear I , everyone else fear I . the bride calm down and begin to purr in he grasp . dracula ( cont 'd ) but we must try ... we have no choice but to try .... for we own survival . dracula inhale , smell he bride , but he reverie be break by the roar of the werewolf . behind they , the werewolf 's shadow be be poke by a long stick hold by a hunchback's shadow ; the poke be accompany by the sound of electric shock . dracula ( cont 'd ) igor ! the creepy hunchback himself scurries up , slip across the ice , carry a ten-foot - long electric cattle prod . igor yes , master ! dracula why do you torment that thing so ? igor it 's what I do . dracula remember igor , " do unto other . " igor yes , master , before they do unto I . dracula now go . dracula look up into the rafter . dracula ( cont 'd ) all of you ! 36 . a large gang of vile little dwergi be perch along the beam . german gothic troll , short and squat , with weird mask and goggle that completely hide they face . dracula ( cont 'd ) to Castle frankenstein ! int . valerious manor armory - night a huge door be throw open , revealing the valerious armory . four century ' worth of nasty weaponry in case and rack . Anna charge in , a woman on a mission . anna so how do you get here ? carl we come across the Sea . anna really ? the sea ? the Adriatic Sea ? Van helsing be all business . van helsing where do I find dracula ? anna he use to live in this very house , four century ago , no one know where he life now . she gesture to a huge oil painting cover a entire wall , a rich and fantastical map of transylvania . anna ( cont 'd ) my father would stare at that for hour look for dracula 's lair . Anna grab a sword , a iron mace , and some throw star . anna ( cont 'd ) so that 's why you have come ? van helsing I can help you . anna no one can help I . van helsing I can try . 37 . anna you can die try . all of my family have . I can handle this myself . van helsing ( wry sarcasm ) so I notice . Anna spin on he , angry . anna the vampire attack in daylight , they never do that . I be unprepare . it will not happen again . van helsing why do they attack in daylight ? anna clearly they want to catch I off guard . they seem almost desperate to finish off my family . van helsing why be that ? why now ? anna you ask a lot of question . van helsing usually I ask only two , what be we deal with , and how do I kill it ? Anna strap on a metal chest plate and spike gauntlet . anna my father spend most of he life look for answer , year after year , ( gesture out the window ) tear apart that tower , comb through the family archive . on that , Van helsing look at Carl , admire the weaponry . van helsing the tower . start there . carl right . Van helsing keep stare at Carl . Carl look confuse . 38 . carl ( cont 'd ) now ? Van helsing do not even bother to respond . Carl quickly head out . carl ( cont 'd ) right . the tower . now . Anna grab a scabbard , strap it on and head for the sword . Van helsing block she path . van helsing the only way to save you family be to stay alive until dracula be kill . anna and who will kill he if not I ? who will show courage , if not I ? van helsing if you go out there alone , you will be outman and out-position . ( gesture out a dark window ) and you can not see in the dark . Anna laugh this off and move forward . Van helsing close the gap between they , inch from she eye . van helsing ( cont 'd ) in the morning , we will hunt he together . Anna stare up into he dark eye . anna some say you be a murderer , mister Van helsing , other say you be a holy man , which be it ? van helsing a bit of both , I think . a slight smile crease Anna 's beautiful face . anna I promise you a drink . the bar be down the hall , help yourself . as for I ... ( she eye go dark ) I be go . 39 . Anna grab a sword and slam it into she scabbard . Van helsing watch she . van helsing I be sorry you have to carry this burden . anna on the contrary , I would wish for it no other way . and she mean it . she grab a vicious - look helmet , black - on - black with sharp metal flange . Van helsing stare at she respect for she grow . she turn she slam grab she she face . grab she van helsing and I be sorry about you father and brother . anna I will see they again . to Van helsing , she conviction rock solid . anna ( cont 'd ) we transylvanian always look on the brighter side of death . van helsing there 's a brighter side of death ? anna yes , it 's just harder to see . she helmet on and start to charge out . Van helsing arm , spin she around and blow a blue powder into Anna fall back into a wall , out cold . Van helsing in he arm before she fall to the floor . van helsing I be sorry about that too . ext . manor valerious - rainy night manor valerious spike up into the dark sky , where menace cloud roil across a full moon . the music tell we we be building to something very scary . 40 . int . anna's bedroom - night Anna be waking up on she bed , she clothes be on , but she armor and weapon have be remove . she suddenly sit up and curse in romanian , then leap out of bed . anna oh my god that hurt ... ( then she get angry ) that son-of - a-bitch . she leap out of bed and storm for the door . ext . grand hallway - night except for the rain splattering against the window and the ominous music , it 's quiet , very quiet , as Anna storm down the hall . suddenly , something creak . Anna freeze . the sound come from behind a door . Anna open it and enter . int . valerious armory - night Anna step into the armory and angrily look into the dark . anna Van helsing !? another creak . come from somewhere in the case . Anna be suddenly on the alert , she eye scan the gloom . she grab a lantern out of a sconce and move into the rack . another creak . Anna stop and cock the lantern back , whoever it be , she 's go to let they have it . then she move on , and then slowly peak around a corner . it 's just a open window , the wind and rain force the shutter to creak against the wall . Anna breathes a sigh of relief . step over and close the window , the full moon glow outside . and then she see wet paw print on the floor , she breath hitches . her eye follow the paw print , which vanish out in the middle of the floor . high angle Pov : a single eerie musical note signal the presence of something evil , look down on Anna . Anna instantly know she 's in trouble , start back away , breathe harder , she grab a spike mace . the Pov slowly glide across the ceiling , follow she . Anna feel the presence , but she do not know where it 's come from , she spin around . nothing 's there . she move on , quick now , weaving through the case of weaponry . then she hear a low growl and freeze , trap in the middle of the armory , she cock she arm back . a long terrifying beat . 4l . and then a single drop of rain drop down onto she cheek . Anna look straight up . it 's a werewolf fang . claw . fur. dripping wet . dangle from a beam above she , stare down . it roar . Anna run like hell , past a window . we hold on the window to see dark cloud completely cover the full moon . Anna round a corner and slam into someone . she scream and start to swing the mace . velkan grab she arm . Anna be shocked . anna ( cont 'd ) velkan ! oh my God ! you be alive ! velkan quiet , Anna , I only have a moment . anna but velkan , there 's a werewolf ] velkan never mind that ! listen to I ! I know dracula 's secret ! he have mumblich nowger lochen ... velkan have lose control of he mouth . and that 's when Anna notice that he clothes be tear to shred . Anna recoil . velkan 's body start to spasm and jerk , he lurch straight up the wall . he desperately force he head to turn and look out a window . the roiling cloud suddenly clear and reveal the full moon . velkan ( cont 'd ) Anna ! run ! but Anna be freeze in place , stare at she brother , ten foot up the wall , who now transform into a werewolf . the front door burst open . Van helsing charge in . gun draw . van helsing annal!l ? the werewolf look out over the case , see Van helsing enter the room . the werewolf throw itself through the balcony door . shatter glass and rain scatter around Anna as Van helsing run up . van helsing ( cont ’d ) be you alright ? she 's too shocked to answer . he race out onto the balcony and look down . 42 . ext . manor valerious - night the werewolf scamper horizontally across the side of the manor . it leap off , splashes down into the river and head into the village . int . valerious armory - night the armory door crash open . Van helsing spin back into the room . it 's Carl . he sniff the air . carl why do it smell like wet dog in here ? Van helsing holster he revolver and stride for the door . van helsing werewolf carl ah! right . you will be need silver bullet then . Carl scrounge around in he frock and pull out a bandolier fill with gleam silver bullet . he toss it to Van helsing , who catch it and sling it over he shoulder . Anna snap out of she shock and run after Van helsing . anna no. wait ! Van helsing slam the door shut behind he . we hear something slam onto the opposite side . Anna run up and struggle with the door , but it 's jamme tight . she be not a happy camper . anna ( cont 'd ) Van helsing ! ext . street - night Van helsing quietly stalk the labyrinthine street of the village , chamber round of silver bullet , on the hunt . the only sound be the muffle revelry come from pub . Van helsing suddenly sense something and spin around , gun up , scan the darkness , inhale deeply , then smile . van helsing wet dog . 43 . a flash of fur suddenly explode out of a distant alley , and then in a blur of incredible speed , dodge back and forth across the street , from doorway to doorway , get closer and closer , always hide or one step ahead of Van helsing 's gun barrel . it vanish into a alley twenty foot in front of he . Van helsing start to back away . van helsing ( cont ’d ) who 's hunt who ? ext . graveyard - night Van helsing spin around a corner and slam he back up against a wall , wait to be follow . once again it 's quiet , too quiet . and then something slam into the wall right next to he . Van helsing whip he gun up into top hat 's face . the " something " that hit the wall be a coffin . top hat smile down the barrel , then tip he hat . top hat well look at that , a perfect fit , what a coincidence . he head into the graveyard . top hat ( cont 'd ) I see the wolf man have not kill you . van helsing do not worry , he 's get to it . Van helsing follow , gun up and ready . van helsing ( cont 'd ) you do not seem too worried about he ? top hat oh , I be no threat to he , and I be the one who clean up after he . top hat stick he shovel into a fresh grave . top hat ( cont ’d ) if you get my meaning . van helsing Little late to be digging grave , be not it ? 44 , top hat never too late to dig grave . never know when you will need a fresh one . Van helsing hear something and turn around , he eye scan the darkness . behind he , top hat raise he shovel and swing it down at Van helsing 's head . Van helsing spin around and grab it just before it smashes into he face . top hat be terrify . Van helsing be furious . then top hat 's eye swivel just a hair . Van helsing see it and duck . the blur of fur be explode out of the darkness behind he . top hat take the full impact of the beast and be launch sixty foot down the alley . he 's dead even before he and the werewolf hit the light - post . Van helsing whirl around . see the daze werewolf stagger to it 's foot . Van helsing 's gun come up . he have the creature in he sight . he squeeze the triggers . anna ( 0.s. ) no ! Anna come out of nowhere and knock the gun up . they FIRE . blast the light on the light - post . the werewolf haul - ass around a corner . Van helsing charge after it , race around the corner in time to see the werewolf dart off into the dark forest . Anna run up beside he . Van helsing rum , grab she by the throat , and pin she to a wall , furious . van helsing why ? his grip be so tight she can not breath . anna you be ... you be choke I . he loosen he grip only slightly . van helsing give I a reason not to . Anna stare at he , the look in he eye terrify she , but she still will not reveal what she know . anna I can not .... if people know ... Van helsing stare at she , then he let she go . Anna grab she throat and suck air . as he fury abate , Van helsing look back at anna. 45 . van helsing he 's not you brother anymore , Anna . Anna look at he , surprised . anna you know ? van helsing I guess . anna before or after I stop you from shoot he ? van helsing before . now it 's Anna 's turn to be furious . anna and still you try to kill he ? van helsing he 's a werewolf he 's go to kill people . anna he can not help it . it 's not he fault ! van helsing I know , but he will do it anyway . anna do you understand forgiveness ? van helsing I ask for it often . anna they say dracula have a cure . if there 's a chance I can save my brother , I be go after it . she start to storm off . Van helsing 's arm shoot out and stop she . van helsing I need to find dracula . 46 . anna and I need to find my brother ! he give he life for I ! he 's the only family I have leave ! Anna look at he , tear in she eye , heartbroken . anna ( cont 'd ) I despise dracula more than you can ever imagine , he have take everything from I , leave I alone in this world . she slump back against the wall , drain . Van helsing 's face soften , a understanding come to he . van helsing to have memory of that you love and lose , be perhaps harder than to have no memory at all . he shake he head with a sigh , then lower he arm . van helsing ( cont 'd ) all right , let 's look for you brother . ext . castle frankenstein - night strangle by a thick mesh of vine and creeper , Castle frankenstein have somehow grow even more ominous over the last six month . the sky swirl with dense cloud . lightn flash . Thunder crack . but inside , all be dark and quiet . int . laboratory - night a little , glove dwerger hand slam a huge switch down . the laboratory spark to life . brilliant arc of electricity shoot up and down the wall . the massive dynamo , generator , gear , and fan belt kick in . the dwergi be feverishly prepare the equipment . a flash of lightning attract dracula to the shattered skylight . dracula igor ! igor look down from the skylight , rain lash he twisted little body , heavy wind practically blow he off he foot . igor yes , master ?! 47 . dracula have you finish ? igor yes , all be do ! we be come down to make the final attachment ! dracula good . the werewolf glide in through a fissure in I granite wall , its eye fix on dracula . dracula purposefully ignore it . dracula ( cont 'd ) Werewolves be such a nuisance during they first full moon , so hard to control . the werewolf transform back into velkan , bent over in agony . dracula stride majestically past he . dracula ( cont 'd ) I send you on a simple errand , to find out who we new friend be , and you stop for a talk with you sister . velkan leave she out of this , Count ! she do not know you secret , and I be soon to take it to my grave . dracula step up to a filthy iron pod , form - fitte for a very large human body . Inside the pod be a burnt corpse . dracula do not wish for death so quickly . I intend for you to be quite useful . velkan I would rather die than help you . dracula do not be boring , everyone who say that die . dracula unfasten the metal strap hold the corpse in . dracula ( cont 'd ) besides , tonight , after the final stroke of midnight , you will have no choice but to obey I . 48. he rip the corpse out of the pod and throw it down in front of velkan . dracula ( cont 'd ) look familiar ? velkan stare at it , stricken . velkan Father . dracula grab velkan , lift he up off he foot and slam he into the pod . igor bark order at several of the dwergi and they quickly strap velkan tight to the pod . dracula he prove useless . but I be hope with werewolf venom run through you vein , you will be of great benefit . dracula grab a rusty metal skullcap and slam it down onto velkan 's head . wire and electrode spring from the skullcap and attach to the dynamo . velkan struggle to the last . velkan I may have fail to kill you , Count , but my sister will not ! ext . forest / castle frankenstein - night Van helsing and Anna be trot they horse down a snowy country lane , eye scan the forest and the road . anna for I , this be all personal , it 's about family and honor . she look over at Van helsing , curious . anna ( cont 'd ) why do you do it ? this job of yours , what do you hope to get out of it ? van helsing I do not know , maybe some self - realization . anna what have you get out of it so far ? 49 . van helsing ( think hard ) --. back pain . Anna smile . Van helsing smile back . and that 's when they both spot something on the ground . they halt they horse , leap off and run to a spot on the road . Anna beat he to it , she hand lift up a long coarse hair . anna Werewolves only shed before they first full moon . before the curse have completely consume they ... they look off into the distance . Castle frankenstein loom over the countryside light up by lightning from without and huge arc of electricity from within . Van helsing and Anna quickly pull they horse towards a decrepit old barn next to the castle . anna ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not understand , the man who live here be kill a year ago along with a hideous creature he create . van helsing ( 0.s. ) that 's when you father go miss . anna ( 0.s. ) just after that . they strap they horse to a post , then step across the snow and up to the edge of the barn . lightn flash as they look out at the castle past the batter front gate to the spectacular arc of electricity flash out of the window . van helsing vampire , werewolve , lightning in winter , this truly be a nightmarish place . Anna just stare out at the hideous castle . anna I have never be to the sea . Van helsing look at she , she do not return the look , lose in think , wistful . anna ( cont 'd ) I will bet it 's beautiful . 50 . Van helsing feel for she . Anna start for the front door , Van helsing grab she and pull she back . van helsing there be that who go in through the front door ... he gesture as a flash of lightning reveal a dozen corpse tangle in the foliage around the front door . van helsing ( cont 'd ) --. and there be that who get to live just a little bit longer . he pull she off towards the back of the castle . int . gothic foyer - night Van helsing and Anna creep down a huge gothic foyer , they boot quietly splash through brackish water cover the floor . suddenly , at the far end of the hall , something small scurries past . Van helsing lift he shotgun tight to he shoulder . Anna nod knowingly . anna dwerger . van helsing dwerger ? anna one of dracula 's servant . if you get the chance to kill one , do it , because they would do worse to you . van helsing right . another little dwerger step into view . Van helsing lower he shotgun to hip height . the dwerger yell in romanian up to someone above he . Anna turn to Van helsing , stricken . anna they be use my brother for some sort of experiment . van helsing Anna . 51 . anna ( desperate ) my brother be still battle the sickness within he . there 's still hope . Van helsing grab she , hushed : van helsing Anna ! there be no hope for you brother , bur we can still protect other by kill dracula . she stare at he , fill with fury and desperation and sorrow . Van helsing 's sympathetic eye pierce into she . Thunder rumble . int . laboratory - night lightning flash as the dwergi move like monkey around all the equipment . everything be start to accelerate . dynamos crackle . pulley whirl . Electrical arc flash . dracula turn a flywheel . the pod with velkan inside it rise up off the floor , head for the skylight high above . int . foyer - night as Van helsing and Anna come around a huge stone column they face fill with disgust . hanging from the ceiling , rafter , and beam be dozen of gooey white maggot - like cocoon , about the size of watermelon . dripping slime . van helsing you ever see this before ? Anna shake she head , revolt . anna what do you think they be ? Van helsing step up to one and ponder it . van helsing offspre . anna what ? van helsing a man , with three gorgeous woman , for four hundred year ? 52 . he look at Anna and cock a eyebrow . Anna be shocked , she look out over the cocoon . anna vampire be the walk dead , it only make sense that they child be bear dead . Van helsing check out a electric wire stick into the cocoon , then notice wire stick out of all the cocoon . van helsing he must be try to find a way to bring they to life . all the wire wend they way up the massive stair and into the flicker laboratory far above . van helsing ( cont 'd ) I be tell dracula and he bride only kill one or two people a month . he snap open he shotgun and smashes open a box of shell . tight on the box of shell marked : silver nitrate . van helsing ( cont 'd ) if they bring all of this thing to life ... he let the think finish itself and start pump shell into the shotgun . int . laboratory - night dracula step up to a huge vat of neon green liquid , he slam the hatch shut and dog it tight . dracula let we begin ! igor and the dwergi lower blast shield over they head , then clamber up the tower scaffold to various power station . the weather be get ferocious . gust of rain whip down from the shattered skylight , backlit by blind lightning and accompany by explosive thunder . int . foyer - night Van helsing 's finger dig into one of the cocoon . he pull out a handful of the dreadful white goo and fling it to the floor . he go for another handful . 53 . int . laboratory - night dracula spin around into a close up : dracula throw the switch ! ext . castle skylight - night a bolt of lightning strike the conductor above the pod , then course through velkan 's body . mercifully , we can not hear he scream because one of the strap cover he mouth . a flash of energy shoot down wire and into the castle . int . foyer - night the flash of energy rip down all the electrical wire and start they jump like scald snake . Van helsing watch this , then continue digging a hole in the cocoon , he hand suddenly reveal the repulsive little humanoid face of a pygmy bat . it have huge , creepy , lidless eyeball cover in vein , a hairy pig snout , mottle greenish skin , and a gape maw fill with row of tiny , razor - sharp fang . even with it 's eye open it 's obviously lifeless . Anna look sicken . another flash of energy rip down all the electrical wire . and that 's when the creepy little thing snap to life and hiss . Anna scream . Van helsing palm she mouth and pull she tight . all the cocoon begin pulsing with some sort of repulsive inner life . High above , dracula , verona , and aleera stride out of the flicker electrical light show and onto a balcony . Van helsing and Anna quickly back off into the darkness . a third flash of energy rip down all the electrical wire . all the cocoon begin quivering wildly , shocked into animation . the pygmy bat reveal by Van helsing suddenly explode out of it 's cocoon . it dart up into the rafter . more cocoon explode open , spraying wall and pillar with gooey white slime . the putrid little thing fly around the foyer . they chitter become deafen . dracula smile at he bride . dracula they must feed . show they how . dracula shove aleera and verona off the balcony . dracula ( cont 'd ) and beg the devil that this time they stay alive ! 54 . the two bride drop through the air and then transform into giant bat form . they fly and cavort with they offspring . dracula point out the window and yell to he spawn : dracula ( cont 'd ) you must feed ! to the village ! to the village ! Van helsing whirl out into the foyer . van helsing this be where I come in . anna no! wait ! you can not ! all the window in the foyer suddenly shatter as the bride and they winge vermin start to fly through they . and that 's when Van helsing open FIRE . pump control burst , the silver nitrate flash weirdly . several of the hideous thing be hit . they burst into black goo . dracula look down , insanely furious , all he can see be the silhouette of a man in the foyer far below he . Van helsing slam he shotgun into a holster strapped across he back . van helsing now that I have you attention . needless to say , dracula go nut . he scream in rage and leap off the eighty - foot-high balcony . Van helsing sprint hell - bent-for-leather back down the foyer . we do not get to see what dracula have transformed into , but the sound and fury of he wing be tremendous , create a huge wind that throw everything around and almost knock Anna off she foot as she leap we from behind a stone column and race up the staircase , head for the laboratory . int . tower bedroom - night the valerious tower bedroom look like it 's be ransacke by a librarian . ancient artifact , strange relic , and spiritual text be arrange symmetrically around a huge canopy bed . a flicker of lightning illuminate Carl , wide - eye as he read from a elaborately inscribe sacred latin text . carl well , that 's interesting .... 55 . and then he hear a horrible chitter . Carl run to a window and look out . from this distance , it look like fly monkey wing they way over the dark countryside . Carl stare in horror , then turn and run out of the room . int . castle frankenstein foyer - night back in the foyer , the sound and fury and wind dissipate . then we CUT to dracula 's Pov , a creepy blueish night - vision , scan the foyer . Van helsing be nowhere in sight . we track a huge winged shadow across a wall , it transform into the shadow of a man . dracula step into frame . dracula I can tell the character of a man by the sound of he heartbeat . he put he hand to he ear , we can hear the sound of a heartbeat . dracula ( cont 'd ) usually when I approach I can almost dance to the beat .... strange that yours be so steady . int . laboratory - night Anna withdraw she sabre as she creep into the laboratory . the dwergi be frantically scurrying about . igor yell above the cacophony of the machinery and the weather . igor we be lose power ! the human be insufficient ! accelerate the generator ! power the dynamo ! Anna notice the pod high above the shattered skylight . another bolt of lightning strike it . one of velkan 's arm suddenly break loose from the strap and flail wildly . anna velkan . ext . town square - night several man and a comely barmaid dash out of a pub and join dozen of other peasant into the square , stare up into the storm rack sky at the approach winge vermin . barmaid oh my God . what do we do ? what do we do ? 56 . Carl come racing around the corner . carl ruuun !! he grab the barmaid and yank she out of frame as the hideous creature flock down into the square . everybody run like hell . some people be rip up off they foot and carry into the air , other be gang tackle and maul by the creature . it 's like a scene out of the bird . int . foyer - night dracula stalk through the arch . a phosphorescent match suddenly ignite at he foot , he look down . Van helsing drop out of a ceiling and stab a wooden stake deep into he chest . dracula look at the wooden stake in he chest , then at Van helsing , stand in a shaft of light . dracula give he a rather pleasant smile . dracula hello , Gabriel . Van helsing freeze . we have never see he puzzle before . dracula calmly grab the wooden stake in he chest , rip it out and casually discard it . int . laboratory - night Anna creep across a catwalk , suddenly , she hear the scream of charge dwergi , one to the leave , one to the right . Anna clamp she sword between she tooth and leap out onto a hang rope . the two dwergi leap out after she . all three of they climb . the dwergi get closer and closer to Anna . one of they grab she boot . Anna grab she sword and lash down , cut the rope , both dwergi plummet down into a vat of boil green liquid . igor and the other dwergi be too busy to have notice . igor we must not lose the master 's progeny ! Anna socket she sabre and keep climb . ext . village - night Flying serenely above the scream - fill village , verona 's hideous fange mouth smile adoringly . verona feed my lovely ! feed ! 57 . she lift up a terrify man , dangle from she hand , then chuck he out over the village . a swarm of pygmy bat swoops in like piranha , grab he and tear he apart . int . foyer - night a dawn realization wash over dracula . dracula you do not remember , do you ? suspicious , Van helsing back off into the ancient foyer . van helsing exactly what should I be remember ? dracula follow he , like a cat toy with a trap mouse . dracula you be the great Van helsing . train by monk and mulla from tibet to Istanbul . protected by Rome herself ! but like I ... ( he face darken ) .--- ehunted by all other . van helsing the Knights of the Holy order know all about you , so I guess it 's no surprise that you would know about I . dracula oh , but it 's much more than that , you and I go back a long way , Gabriel . I know why you have such horrible nightmare . the horrific scene of ancient battle past ? do you know how you receive that triangular scar on you back ? Van helsing 's eye narrow , now it 's get really strange . van helsing --- how do you know I ? ext . castle tower - night Anna run up to velkan , who be still strapped into the pod . she start unbuckle the belt . velkan 's delirious eye finally notice she , a sudden clarity fill they , he start shaking he head and shove she away with he free arm . 58 . anna stop , velkan ! stop it ! it 's all right . I have come to save you . the clock tower behind they begin to chime midnight . velkan 's hand grab Anna 's mouth and start to grow coarse hair and horrific claw . Anna 's eye practically bug out of she head . she scream and try to rip herself away . int . foyer - night Van helsing hear Anna 's scream . dracula just smile . dracula so , would you like I to refresh you memory ? a few detail from you sordid past ? Van helsing rip a crucifix out of he cloak and thrust it at dracula . dracula shriek and angrily swat it away , then calm down , smile beatifically , as if nothing , have happen . dracula ( cont 'd ) I guess that 's a conversation for another time . but before you go , let I reintroduce myself ( bow majestically ) Count vladislaus dragulia . bear 1432 . murdered 1462 . his bicuspid distend into razor sharp fang . ext . village - night a third -story window burst into shard of glass as a woman leap through it . two pygmy bat fly out of the window behind she and grab she inch before she hit the pavement . Carl and the barmaid come racing around a corner just as the woman be fly up over they head . Carl let go of the barmaid and jump up to try and save the woman , but she 's too high and the hideous vermin carry she off . and that 's when Carl hear a scream . he turn and look . the barmaid be cling to a light post six foot off the ground , she leg be be yank up by a pygmy bat . Carl grab a chair on the run and swing it into the creature . the hideous thing be knock away . the barmaid drop into Carl 's arm . the creature quickly recover and charge back for Carl and the barmaid . the barmaid scream . Carl scream . 59 . the creature suddenly pull up two foot short of kill they , the look on its hideous face have go from blood - lust to panic , it frantically claw at its body and then burst into molten flesh rot . high above the square : all of the pygmy bat burst into molten flesh rot . several people be drop to they death . the two fly bride freak out and start to shriek . int . foyer - night dracula spin around at the distant sound of he bride wailing . Van helsing use the moment to leap into a large dumbwaiter and cut the cable with one of he see blade . dracula look back in time to see Van helsing rocket upwards . ext . castle tower - night the clock chime . Anna scream . velkan look at he hand , eye widen in horror , he give he sister one last pathetic look , and then transform into the werewolf . Anna quickly back away and slam into another body . she scream and spin around . it 's Van helsing . van helsing I think we have overstaye we welcome . the fat gun in he hand fire . the tether shoot off across the castle moat and slam into the top of a huge oak tree two hundred yard away . Van helsing quickly tie he end taut . as the clock chime , the werewolf sit up in front of it . viciously tear he way free , he head for we two heroes . Van helsing scoops Anna up off she foot and leap over the wall just as the werewolf rip the shotgun off he back . Van helsing and Anna start to rappel down the tether . the werewolf slashes it , sever it . Van helsing and Anna be suddenly swinging out over the moat and into the dark forest . the werewolf glare after they , fill with a incredible fury as the clock hit the final stroke of midnight .... ext . village - night Carl and the barmaid look around , confuse . barmaid what happen ? 60 . carl they ... they just die . the barmaid wrap she arm around Carl and kiss he of the cheek . barmaid how can I ever repay you ? Carl whisper into she ear . the barmaid look shocked . barmaid ( cont 'd ) but you can not do that , you be a monk . carl actually , I be just a friar .... ext . castle tower - night High atop the castle tower , dracula cradle the sobbing bride in he arm . igor slither up , look terrify , if he have a tail , it would be tuck firmly between he leg . igor I be sorry , master . we try and we try , but I fear we be not so smart as Doctor frankenstein . dracula turn to he . dracula truly . igor cower , but dracula seem spend . dracula ( cont 'd ) it be clear that the good Doctor take the key to life to he grave . the werewolf step up onto the parapet , a insane look in it 's eye . dracula wave he away , dismissive . dracula ( cont 'd ) hunt they down . kill they both . the werewolf give he a derange look and snarl evilly , clearly he be velkan valerio we no more . he turn and leap off the parapet . 61 . ext . moor - night rain lash down on Van helsing and Anna as they stagger across the moor , head into the ruin of the old windmill . with the loss of she brother , Anna do not know whether to scream or cry , so she do both , and aim it at Van helsing . anna a wooden stake ?! a silver crucifix ?! what do you think ?! we have not try everything before ? Anna shove Van helsing back under one of the huge char windmill sail , a refuge from the rain . anna ( cont 'd ) we have be hunt this creature for more than four hundred year . we have shot he , stab he , clubbed he , spray he with holy water and stake he in the heart , and still he life ! Van helsing just stare at she , fire fascinate he , fiery woman even more so . she get right up into he face . anna ( cont 'd ) do you understand ?... nobody know how to kill dracula . they face be inch apart . rain pour down on they . a slight smile crease Van helsing 's lip . van helsing I could have use that information a little earlier . Anna just scowl , breathe hard . Van helsing 's dark eye stare at she , he like be this close to she . but she 's too upset . anna do not give I that look . I do not need you wolf 's eye undress I ... she shove herself away and stare off into the rain . anna ( cont 'd ) ++. not right now anyway . Van helsing pick up a undamage absinthe bottle and admire it . Anna look at he , the fight go out of she . 62. anna ( cont 'd ) you be right ... I be sorry ... he be not my brother anymore . she step up closer to he as he uncork the bottle . anna ( cont 'd ) do you have any family , mister Van helsing ? van helsing I be not sure . I hope to find out someday , that 's what keep I go . Anna take the bottle and hold it up in a toast . anna here 's to what keep you go . she take a deep slug , clearly it have a bite . van helsing absinthe . strong stuff Anna hand he the bottle . anna yes . do not let it touch you tongue , it will knock you on you - - and that 's when the soggy ground beneath they suddenly cave in . the two of they and a load of timber drop into a rapidly expand breach in the ground . int . cavern - night Van helsing and Anna and a cascade of water and timber crash down into a cavern and we fade out . ext . village - dawn fade up : on the transylvanian village at dawn . int . tower bedroom - day Carl be asleep on a couch . he suddenly sit up , terrify , then look down and see the sleep barmaid . carl ah! yes ... now I remember . 63 . Carl lean back against the wall , trigger a secret panel to swing open and reveal a painting : a fantastic mural of two medieval knight face each other atop a sea lash cliff . there be write in Latin encircle around the two man . Carl translate it : carl ( cont 'd ) even a man who be pure in heart , and say he prayer by night , may become a wolf when the wolf - bane bloom , and the moon be shine bright . he step up to get a closer look and finish the inscription . carl ( cont 'd ) or crave another 's blood when the sun go down , and he body take to flight . as soon as he finish the last word , the entire painting come alive , tree sway , grass blow , huge wave pound the cliff , the clock on a church tower begin to chime , and the two knight transform : one into a werewolf , the other into a wing Beast from Hell . they viciously attack each other . Carl of course freak out , stumble back , knock the entire couch over and land on the barmaid 's semi-naked body . she angrily shove he off as he look up at the painting . the ancient painting be back to be just a painting , as if it be all in he mind . he stare at it , perplex , as he transylvanian girlfriend angrily gather she clothes . barmaid friar , monk , priest , you be all the same ! int . cavern - day Anna slowly wake up on the dark cavern floor , groggy and sore , she rub she head and groan . a hand quickly cover she mouth . she look up . Van helsing 's finger go to he lip . van helsing shhh ... there 's something down here . and it 's carnivorous . he gesture to a massive pile of rat bone , pick clean . Anna get to she foot . the cavern be light by a very dim gloom come from tiny crevice in the roof . 64 . a fetid little stream wend its way through the cavern . Van helsing start to head downstream . Anna draw she sword and follow . van helsing ( cont 'd ) whatever 's down here appear to be of human ancestry . he gesture to a large set of muddy boot print . van helsing ( cont 'd ) I would say he 's a size 17 . about 360 pound . 8 1 / 2 to 9 foot tall . he have a bad gimp in he right leg .... and three copper tooth . anna how do you know he have copper tooth ? van helsing because he 's stand right behind you . Van helsing go for he gun . frankenstein 's monster leap out of the pitch blackness behind Anna and slam she into Van helsing . we two heroes crash to the floor . Van helsing 's revolver go fly . the monster be on Van helsing in a flash he lift he up over he head and hurtle he into a rock wall . Van helsing bounce off the wall and slam to the floor . the monster look down at Anna . Anna get a good look at he . he now look even more horrific than before , have be badly burn so long ago . anna oh my god , the frankenstein monster . frankenstein monster ! ? frankenstein 's voice be a horrible , guttural rasp . frankenstein ( cont 'd ) who be the monster here ?!? he lift Anna up off the floor . frankenstein ( cont 'd ) I have do nothing wrong and yet you and you kind all wish I dead ! 65 . Van helsing leap up and tackle frankenstein . frankenstein 's head slam into a rock wall , the top half of he head pop off . Van helsing grab he by the neck , the bolt spark , Van helsing be shocked back against the far wall , he crash to the floor , try not to pass out from the pain . frankenstein slam the top of he head back into place , then the top half of he body turn around and he head for Anna . Anna back away , up against some burnt timber , look around , play for time . anna what do you want ? frankenstein stare down at she , he face grow mournful . frankenstein to exist . Van helsing yank a ivory blowgun out from inside he cloak and stick it to he mouth . six blow - dart nail frankenstein in the back . he bellow and spin around , arm flail at he back , try to swat the dart free . Anna run over and pick up one of the revolver off the ground next to Van helsing . anna we must kill it . Van helsing grab she by the wrist . van helsing no ! wait . frankenstein crash to he knee , he bleary eye look over at they . frankenstein if you value you life , and the life of you kind , you will kill I . Van helsing pull Anna behind he and head for frankenstein , whose breathe be get more and more labor . frankenstein ( cont 'd ) if dracula find I I be the key to my father 's machine the key to life , life for dracula 's child ! 66 . van helsing he already awaken they , last night . frankenstein that be just from one bride , from one single birthing . and they die as they do the last time he try . only with I can he give they last life . Van helsing kneel down beside frankenstein . van helsing there be more ? more of that thing ? frankenstein 's pathetic eye stare at he . frankenstein thousands ... thousand more . frankenstein pass out , crash face first into the dirt . we push in on Van helsing as the gravity of this hit he . Anna be not faze , she lift the gun and aim . Van helsing step in front of she . she angrily look he in the eye . anna you hear what he say . Van helsing hold she stare , search for the word .... van helsing my life , my ... job ... be to vanquish evil . I can sense evil . ( gesture to frankenstein ) this thing ... man ... whatever it be , evil may have create it , leave its mark on it , but evil do not rule it . so I can not kill it . anna I can . she move around he . he block she path . van helsing not while I be here . Anna see the intensity in he eye . behind they , hide in the shadow , be the werewolf , stare at frankenstein . 67 . van helsing ( cont 'd ) you family have spend four hundred year try to kill dracula , maybe this poor creature can help we find a way . the werewolf slowly start to back away . Van helsing suddenly sense it and spin around . he and Anna see the werewolf 's shadow vanish down the cavern . anna oh my God . he 's see we . ( she turn to Van helsing ) now they will come for he . and neither you or I will be able to stop they . Van helsing grab she arm and head for frankenstein . van helsing I must get he to Rome . we can protect he there . on Anna 's dubious look we smash CUT to : ext . manor valerious - day steam blast out of the nostril of huge black horse , cover in a light armor plate , couple to a ornate coach . Van helsing and Carl walk down alongside they . carl --. and then the painting come alive and the two creature attack each other . van helsing what do it mean ? carl I do not know . Anna open the door to the coach . frankenstein be inside , chain to the back wall . Van helsing nudge Carl . van helsing whatever you do , do not stare at he . 68 . carl I be stare at he . ( quickly turn away ) be that a man ? Van helsing shove Carl up into the seat across from frankenstein . van helsing actually it 's seven man , part of they anyway . frankenstein struggle to break the chain that bind he . frankenstein by expose I , you have condemn I . I and all of humanity ! Anna slam the door shut and gesture to the horse . anna nothing be faster than transylvanian steed . not even a werewolf anything else , you be on you own . countryside - day / night transition on the bottom half of the screen , the coach race across the countryside . on the top half , the sky be whipping past in time lapse . Dark cloud scream by show we glimpsis of the sun as it race right to leave across the screen . as the sun exit frame the moon come up and the time lapse end revealing a ominous night sky . the coach race into a dark forest . two bride silhouettes fly past and follow it . ext . wood - night the black steed charge through the wood pull the coach . Van helsing be in the driver 's seat urging they on . int . coach - night frankenstein stomp he Doc marten and yell out . frankenstein free I ! let I fight ! let I die ! but do not let I be take alive ! sitting across from he be Carl , eye wide , really key up , the blowgun stick to he lip . 69 . ext . wood - night the camera be suddenly hurtle through the misty forest at about Mach 1 . the bride's Pov quickly close in on the coach . Van helsing sense they come , he look around , the creepy tree sway in the breeze , but he can not see the bride . he heft the crossbow . he hear something off to he leave and look . and that 's when verona swoops down on he right and grab he jerk he clean off the driver 's seat and up into the air . the crossbow go fly . Van helsing quickly break free and fall down onto the lead horse . he look forward . a hundred yard ahead , the path make a hairpin turn next to a giant precipice . Van helsing quickly look back at the coach . int . coach - night the coach bounce hard . frankenstein be throw forward at Carl . Carl scream , but the chain hold frankenstein just short of fall on he . frankenstein let I go . carl where be you go to go ? I do not know if you have look in the mirror lately , but you kind of stick we in a crowd . ext . wood - night Van helsing leap from the front horse to the middle horse to the rear horse and then up onto the buckboard . and that 's when aleera nail he on the fly , throw he back onto the rear horse . all of the horse try to make the turn , go full boar , hoof fight to avoid slip over the edge , kick rock we into space . Van helsing hold on for dear life . the coach skid sideways , the coupling SNAP and the coach be flung out over the void . Van helsing spin up into a saddle in time to see the coach spiraling through the air , head for the valley floor far below . ext . in the AIR - night high up in the AIR : aleera and verona freak out . 70 . verona we must not let he be destroy ! ext . wood - cliff face - night the two bride fly as fast as they can towards the plummete coach . they both grab it , but its weight be far too great for they to stop it from fall . aleera be lose she grip . aleera save he ! save the monster ! aleera be blow off verona struggle she way to the door , she wing be be badly buffete . she grab the door and rip it off , then look inside . the coach be empty . ext . wood - night back with van helsing as another coach race out of the forest and up to the six team . Anna in the driver 's seat . Carl lean out the window . frankenstein be chain inside . carl come on ! come on ! int . coach - night back inside the other coach : verona see a bunch of glycerine tube wrap around a dozen silver spike . verona hiss in anger and throw herself free of the coach . ext . coach - night the coach hit the ground and explode . several of the spike nail verona in the chest . she shriek in horror and then transform back into herself . lose she wing , she drop out of the sky , decaying into molten rot , shriek all the way . aleera screech in horror . ext . wood - night Van helsing leap from the six team onto the buckboard of the other coach , landing next to Anna . he give Anna a nudge in the rib and a cocky smile , as if to say , " I tell you it would work . " and that 's when 800 pound of enraged fur leap over the entire six team , head right for Van helsing and Anna . 71 . Van helsing quickly roll off one way as Anna fling herself off the other . the werewolf slam into the buckboard and skid sideways across the roof , shatter all four corner lantern . the werewolf vanish off the back of the coach as the kerosene and the entire roof burst into flame . int . coach - night Carl frantically look around , then see Anna 's face plaster to the window . anna carl ! Carl leap over and open the door . ext . coach - night Anna be hang on to the side of the coach , which be now skirt a huge precipice a mile deep . Carl grab she as she start to slip . on the other side of the coach : Van helsing be be violently drag down the road , desperately cling by one hand to the axle of the coach . his leg split the rear wheel , if he let go he will be run over . van helsing carl ! int . coach - night Carl look past frankenstein to the other side of the coach . he can not let go of Anna or she will fall . he look at frankenstein . frankenstein nod . frankenstein I can help . carl you will not kill I ? frankenstein only if you do not hurry . ext . coach - night Van helsing grimace in pain , he five finger cling to the axle , then four finger , then three , two , one . he let go and head under the rear wheel . and that 's when a huge fist grab he by the collar and pull he free . it 's frankenstein . 72 . the two man share a look , then frankenstein heave Van helsing upwards . he land on the buckboard just as Anna swing up next to he . int . coach - night Carl look at frankenstein and smile in relief , then he scream bloody murder as he see fur move across the rear window . and then the roof split open and fire and smoke pour in . now it 's frankenstein 's turn to scream . ext . coach - night Van helsing and Anna look back through the fire towards the rear of the coach . in slo - mo the werewolf rise up through the flame . the side door of the coach smashes open and frankenstein and Carl look out . frankenstein do not look down . carl I be look down ! I be look down ! the coach make it across the precipice road and enter the forest . the werewolf hunch . Van helsing yell at Anna . van helsing jump ! Anna turn and leap off the carriage . so do Carl and frankenstein . they all vanish into the lush forest . Van helsing aim both of he gun down at the coupling and fire . the horse break loose of the carriage . Van helsing turn and jump . the werewolf leap through the flame . Van helsing spin around in mid-air and fire he gun back at the werewolf just as it tackle he . they vanish into the foliage . the flame coach flip off the road , spiral through the air and crash into the tree . the six team haul - ass down the forest road , vanish into the night .... ext . forest - night Anna stagger through the forest , she round a tree , she breath hitches . lying naked on the ground be she brother . he look up and give he sister one last sorrowful look . 73 . velkan forgive I . and then he die . Anna throw herself onto velkan 's body . anna velkan ! ... velkan ! ... velkan . she cradle he gently and kiss he on the cheek . anna ( cont 'd ) I will see you again . nearby , Van helsing stagger to he foot . Anna look at he , then leap up and charge he , pummel he with she fist . anna ( cont 'd ) you kill he ! you kill he ! Van helsing grab she by the wrist and hold she tight . van helsing now you know why they call I murderer . Anna look into he eye , they be not angry , but fill with a profound sadness . and then Anna notice blood on he shirt , she gently open he cloak . Anna gasp . horrify . anna oh my god ... Van helsing 's shirt be puncture with bloody fang hole . anna ( cont 'd ) you have be bitten . she stagger back and look at he , she see it in he eye . a hint of it anyway . fear. Van helsing turn and look down at velkan 's body . Anna turn away . aleera be stand right there . she backhand Anna . Anna slam into a tree and drop to the ground , we cold . Van helsing spin around in time to catch a glimpse of Anna , upside down , be yank up into the tree . Van helsing haul -ass. 74 . ext . cliffside - night Van helsing run out onto the side of a cliff . he see Anna be carry off over the precipice by aleera . Carl and frankenstein stagger up beside he . all three of they watch the silhouettes of Anna and aleera fly off towards the light of a distant city .... ext . budapest - day nestled in a lush valley and split in half by a dark river , the city be sprinkle with church , mosque , and palace . ext . alley - day Van helsing , Carl , and frankenstein stagger down a alley . batter and bruise . frankenstein 's face be cover by a hood . Van helsing pull he cloak tight , keep he wound hide . a blast of wind hit they . they all react , Van helsing flinch in pain as he pull he gun . perched on the snowy eve of a house be aleera , she click she tongue in disapproval . aleera tch , tch , tch , so much trouble to my master , so much trouble . frankenstein start to head for she . Van helsing stay he . aleera just giggle . aleera ( cont 'd ) you kill verona . if the master be capable of love , he would have love she very much . as for I ... ( she smile coquettishly ) +.. now I will have the master 's undivide attention . van helsing what do you want ? aleera the master command a trade . the monster for the princess . frankenstein glare at she angrily , and then he hear Van helsing 's voice : van helsing ( 0.s. ) somewhere public . lot of people . 75 . frankenstein look at Van helsing , feel betrayed , he brow furrow , he eye darken . Van helsing 's eye stay on aleera . van helsing ( cont 'd ) a place where you master will be less inclined to expose he ... other side . aleera chew this over for a moment , then she eye light up . aleera tomorrow night be all hallow 's Eve ! here in budapest there be a wonderful masquerade ball . she leap for joy , all the way up to the top of the roof . aleera ( cont 'd ) I love masquerade ball ! ( she look down at they ) vilkovia Palace . Midnight . then she whoops for joy and leap again , vanish over the side of the roof , follow by a blast of wind and snow . Van helsing holster he gun and rum to go , he wince in pain . Carl see this and reach for Van helsing 's cloak . carl be you hurt ? Van helsing shove he hand away . frankenstein 's eye narrow suspiciously , then he lunge forward and rip Van helsing 's cloak open , revealing the puncture wound in he shirt . frankenstein he have be bitten ! bitten by a werewolf . Van helsing pull he cloak tight . frankenstein 's face form a twisted smile . frankenstein ( cont 'd ) now you will become that which you have hunt so passionately . helsing pull out the blowgun and look at frankenstein . van helsing I be sorry . and he mean it . frankenstein just glare . 76 . frankenstein May other be as passionate in they hunt of you . Van helsing fire the dart . ext . vilkova palace graveyard - dusk the last shadow of the day stretch like creepy finger across a ancient royal graveyard . wearing costume and mask , Van helsing and Carl step out of a old mausoleum . they shove the huge stone door shut and bar it tight . carl accord to the book , you wont turn into a werewolf until the rise of you first full moon , two night from now , and then you will still be able to fight dracula 's hold over you until the final stroke of midnight . the two man make they way through the tombstone , head for a huge , ornate palace next door . van helsing ( sarcastic ) sound like I have nothing to worry about . carl oh my God , you should be terrify . Van helsing give he a look . then Carl get it . carl ( cont 'd ) oh ... well , urn , that still give we forty - eight hour to find a solution . Carl look back at the mausoleum . carl ( cont 'd ) be you sure he can not get out of there ? van helsing not without some help from the dead . tight on a coffin , lie in the freeze ground , wait to be bury . the lid crack open , gnarled finger pry they way out . 77 . int . ballroom - night the grand ballroom be pack with dance couple and alive with jugglers , FIRE blowers , tight rope walker , and high wire acrobat , a veritable cirque du solei ! ' Van helsing and Carl make they way through all the weirdness . carl well , this be different . van helsing dracula must have something up he sleeve . carl so in situation like this , do we have a solid plan ? or do we just improvise ? van helsing a bit of both actually . they step up to the ornate banquet table . Van helsing inhale deeply . Carl do likewise . carl smell wonderful , do not it ? van helsing not everything . carl what do you smell ? van helsing everything . Van helsing look around , suddenly very suspicious . van helsing ( cont 'd ) warm pretzel , juniper bush , lady perfume , and rotted human flesh . Carl give he a look . carl you sure do know how to put a damper on the evening . 78 . int . ballroom - night out on the dance floor : dracula dance with Anna , both wear mask . he dip she and remove she mask . she be ina trance . eye open , unblink . dracula throw away he mask and kiss she . Anna snap out of it . dracula spin she around . dracula how do it feel to be a puppet on my string ? Anna suddenly look around , realize she 's dance with dracula . she struggle , but be completely within he power . anna I wont let you trade I , Count . dracula I have no intention of trading you . and if I know Van helsing , which I do , he be not plan on make a trade either . he dip she and lean in close , they lip almost touch . dracula ( cont 'd ) neither of we have ever settle for half . anna you make my skin craw ! dracula that 's not all I could do with you skin . dracula gently caress she neck . aleera cut in and grab Anna away from dracula . aleera my rum . aleera dance away with Anna . dracula smile , then randomly grab a pass woman , yank she close and bite into she neck . the ballroom be in such high swing no one notice . int . ballroom - second floor - night up on the second floor : Van helsing and Carl look down on the ballroom . Carl spot aleera dance with anna. 79 . carl there they be . van helsing something 's not right . carl yes , they be both try to lead . van helsing not that . and then Van helsing spot something , he eye light up . van helsing ( cont 'd ) Carl ? carl yes ? van helsing I have a plan . I need you to do something . int . ballroom - night back on the dance floor : aleera dance Anna across the floor . aleera it 's the little thing in life that I love . like that last look in my victim 's eye just before they die . we see in Anna 's eye how hard she 's struggle to break free . aleera lick Anna 's cheek . aleera ( cont 'd ) I will not let the master take you , Anna . aleera 's canine distend into horrible fang , drain from she beautiful face . aleera ( cont 'd ) I want he all to myself . Anna 's eye widen , helpless in aleera 's grasp . and that 's when dracula cut in , he giver aleera a smile . dracula you look famish , my dear , go get yourself a bite . 80 . aleera scowl as dracula spin Anna over to a mirror wall . dracula ( cont 'd ) do not we make a beautiful couple ? Anna look at the mirror . dracula be not in the reflection . he start to dance with she in front of the mirror . dracula ( cont 'd ) I be look for a new bride , Anna , someone strong and beautiful . in the mirror it look like Anna be dance alone , seemingly be dip and spun and twirle by a invisible force . dracula ( cont 'd ) all it take be one bite from I . he hug she tighter . Anna look from he face to he chest , crush tightly against she breast , she eye widen . anna you have no heartbeat . dracula perhaps it just need to be rekindle . dracula lean in for a kiss . Anna angrily turn she head away , so she do not see all the blood drain from dracula 's face and he canine distend into fang , about to bite into she neck . a Fire breather tilt he head safely up and away from the crowd , lift a torch to he mouth and start to blow Carl quickly sidle up and shove he hard . the Fire breather blows flame across the back of dracula 's cape . int . ballroom - second floor - night up on the balcony : Van helsing dash down the high wire . the tight rope walker start to lose they balance . int . ballroom - dance floor - night down on the dance floor : dracula whirl around , on FIRE , shocked and angry . 81 . int . ballroom - above dance fwor - night high above the dance floor : Van helsing cur a stay-wire , grab on and swing down into the crowd . the tight rope walker all fall . int . ballroom - dance floor - night down on the dance floor : dracula grab the Fire breather and toss he dear across the ballroom . Van helsing swoops in , grab Anna by she waist and swing she up into the air . int . ballroom - balcony - night up on the balcony : Van helsing and Anna land , skid to a stop and look down . the entire crowd look up at we heroes . and then , in unison , they all remove they mask . they eye go yellow , they skin go white , fang glide out , they hiss angrily . they be all vampire . dracula smile up at Van helsing . dracula welcome to my summer palace . a side door burst open and a batch of vampire charge in carry frankenstein over they head , he 's chain tight and bellow furiously . igor stand on he chest . igor we have he , master ! we have he ! dracula give a evil laugh , then look at he follower and gesture to Van helsing and Anna . dracula enjoy yourselves ! the entire vampire crowd rush forward , shrieking like wild banshee . Anna 's response be to rip the arm off a suit of armor , stick she hand down the sleeve and into its metal glove , attach to the glove be a iron mace cover in spike . Van helsing 's response be to give she a incredulous look , then grab she and yank she out of frame . int . ballroom hallway - night Van helsing and Anna race down a hallway . 82 . anna where be we go !? Van helsing point to a huge stained glass window of angel , cherub , and saint . van helsing through that window ! anna be you out of you mind ?! we will be cut to ribbon ! van helsing not if you relax when you be go through it . at the last second Van helsing notice one of the saint have he hand out , as if to say " stop . " Van helsing grab Anna and skid to a stop . van helsing ( cont 'd ) my mistake , wrong window . anna how do you know ? van helsing just a hunch . he yank she out of frame . vampire bound past , chase after they . dracula 's laugh echoe throughout the palace . int . staircase / hallway - night Van helsing and Anna race up some stair and through a set of double door , vampire hot on they tail . they each grab a door , slam it shut and bolt it tight . the vampire furiously smash away from the other side . Van helsing and Anna high - tail it down the hall . Carl come scurrying around a corner at the far end of the hallway . he see Van helsing and Anna run towards he and hold up he lava contraption . carl now I know what it 's for . Carl be stand in front of another huge window . carl ( cont 'd ) where be we go ? 83. van helsing / anna through that window ! Carl turn around to see the window they be talk about , he pull the pin on he contraption . Van helsing and Anna each grab one of Carl 's arm , on the run , and yank he out through the great glass window . int . catacomb - night Van helsing , Anna , and Carl crash through the shower of glass and drop rwo storey down into a watery catacomb . int . staircase / hallway - night the huge door disintegrate as the vampire crash through it . they bound down the hallway . the contraption be sit on the floor , it pop open , ray of ultra violet light stream out . the vampire all melt scream . int . catacomb - night Van helsing , Anna , and Carl burst to the surface inside a large moldy catacomb fill with skull and skeleton , the huge explosion of light finish above they as piece of melt vampire splash down around they . van helsing Carl , you be a genius . carl ( a bit freak out ) a genius with access to unstable chemical . behind they , igor yell command in hungarian as he and a dozen of the porcine dwergi ride a longboat down a ramp , frankenstein chain to the mast . Van helsing immediately head for the longboat . igor and the dwergi drop they oar into the water and start to row . Van helsing run faster . igor and the dwergi paddle out of a tunnel and into the river . a huge grate gate start to drop down behind they . igor pat frankenstein on the head . igor say goodbye to you friend . frankenstein bellows angrily . igor cackle . 84 . igor ( cont 'd ) because where we be take you , only God and the devil know . the metal gate slam shut right in front of Van helsing , cut he off from the river , he splashes up to it and stare out through the grate . frankenstein look back at Van helsing . frankenstein 's hag -gard face a mask of helplessness and hopelessness , look forlorn and abandon . Van helsing stare at he and grit he tooth in determination . van helsing I will find you !... I will get you back and set you free . I swear to god . a huge dark shadow swoops past , its talon scrape across the metal grate , SPARKS fly . dracula ( 0.s. ) God have not help you in year , Van helsing , why should he start now !? we hear aleera laugh as the two dark shadow flyaway . Anna and Carl run up beside Van helsing . Anna grab he . anna come on , we have get to beat they back to Castle frankenstein . Van helsing whirl around and start to go . van helsing yes , I have get to save that creature . carl ( 0.s. ) Van helsing ! Van helsing turn back to Carl , who be till stare out through the grate . carl ( cont 'd ) I cable Rome earlier , to apprise they of we situation . Van helsing give Carl a suspicious look . van helsing and what do they say ? Carl turn to face he . 85 . carl even if you do somehow kill dracula ... Rome order you to destroy frankenstein as well . Van helsing 's eye darken , he start to rev up . van helsing he be not evil . carl yes , but they say he be not human either . Van helsing furiously close in on Carl . van helsing do they know he ? have they talk with he ? who be they to judge !? carl they want you to destroy he so he can never be use to harm humanity . Van helsing angrily grab Carl by the throat and lift he up off he foot . van helsing and what of I ? do you tell they what I be to become ? do they tell you how to kill I ? the correct angle of the stake as it enter my heart ?! the exact measure of silver in each bullet !! Van helsing 's voice have get incredibly deeper during this speech , he eye have go dark red and he 's strangling Carl . Anna be already try to rip the two man apart , but Van helsing 's strength be too much for she . Carl gasp : carl no .... I ... I leave you out . Van helsing snap out of it and let he go . Carl drop to the ground , suck air . Van helsing stare down at he , feel terribly , then he look at he shaking hand , a whirlwind of emotion pass over he face , he clenches he hand into fist , then exhales deeply and look at Anna . van helsing it 's start . 86 . int . castle frankenstein laboratory - day Van helsing , Anna , and Carl run into the laboratory . it 's empty , all of the lab equipment have be hurriedly remove . van helsing they must have take all the equipment to dracula 's lair . anna then we have lose . carl dracula can not bring he child to life until the sun set . we still have time . anna ( incredulous ) " time ? " the sun set in two hour , and we have be search for he for more than four hundred year . carl I be not around for that four hundred year , now be I ? ext . manor valerious - day the ray of the mid-day sun be try to pry they way through the cloud-streaked sky over manor valerious . we can hear Van helsing , Anna , and Carl pound up a staircase . van helsing ( 0.s. ) so what do you learn ? int . tower bedroom - day we heroes enter the tower bedroom where they come upon the mass of relic , artifact , and text . carl that Count dracula be actually the son of valerio we the elder . Carl look at Anna . carl ( cont 'd ) the son of you be ancestor . Anna just shrug , no big deal . anna everybody know that , what else ? carl oh , uh , right . well , it all start in 1462 , when dracula be murder . van helsing do it say who murder he ? carl no , just some vague reference to the Left Hand of God . Van helsing look intrigue . Carl open the elaborately inscribe sacred latin text . carl ( cont 'd ) anyway , accord to this when dracula die he make a covenant with the devil . Van helsing and Anna jump in , guess . van helsing and be give a new life . anna but the only way to sustain that life be by drink the blood of other . carl ( annoyed ) be you two go to let I tell the story ? van helsing / anna sorry . sorry . carl you ancestor , have sire this evil creature , go to Rome to seek forgiveness from God , that 's when the bargain be make , valerious the elder be to kill dracula in return for the eternal salvation of he entire family , right down the line all the way to you . he point to Anna . Anna nod in understanding . 88 . anna but he could not do it . as evil as dracula be , my ancestor could not kill he own son . Carl point at some of the fantastical engravings on the relic and artifact , help tell the story : carl so he banish dracula to a icy fortress , send he through a door from which there be no return . anna and then the devil give he wing . carl yes . van helsing all right , so where be this door ? carl I do not know , but when the old knight could not kill he son , he leave clue , so that future generation might do it for he . anna that must be what my father be look for in here , clue to the door 's location . a idea suddenly spring into Van helsing 's head . van helsing the door ... the door ... of course ! he turn and race out of the room . Anna and Carl exchange a look , then haul - ass after Van helsing . int . armory - day Van helsing run up to the massive floor - to-ceil oil painting of transylvania . Anna and Carl right behind he . van helsing you say you father spend hour stare at this painting , try to find dracula 's lair , I think you be right , quite literally . 89 . Van helsing check where the frame meet the wall , but the frame be actually mold into the wall . van helsing ( cont 'd ) I think this be the door . he just do not know how to open it . Carl point to a latin inscription on the painting . carl look ! a Latin inscription . maybe it work like that painting in the tower . Carl start mumble the inscription in Latin . Anna step up to Van helsing anna if this be a door , my father would have open it long ago . Carl shove a chair aside , revealing a miss piece of the painting . carl I can not finish the inscription . there 's a piece miss . van helsing you father do not have this . Van helsing pull out the tear piece of paint cloth . anna where do you get that ? Van helsing hand the paint piece of cloth to Carl . van helsing finish it . Carl place it inside the miss piece of the map . the tear piece be a perfect match . Carl finish the inscription . carl deum lacessat ac ianuam imbeat apenn . van helsing in the name of God , open this door . 90 . and that 's when the painting begin to change , start at the frame line and spread inward , a thick crystal frost wash over the painting , eat it up until the painting have completely dissolve , leave a ancient mirror in its place . carl a mirror ? Anna stare at it , think hard . anna dracula have no reflection in a mirror . van helsing why ? carl maybe ... maybe to dracula , it 's not a mirror at all . Van helsing reach out to touch the mirror , he hand go straight through it , vanish inside it , he inhale sharply . Carl jump . carl/anna what ? what ?! van helsing it 's cold . he pull he hand out to reveal snowflakes in he palm . van helsing ( cont 'd ) and it 's snow . Van helsing grab a torch out of a sconce on the wall , and prepare to step through . van helsing ( cont 'd ) see you on the other side . carl do not worry , we be behind you ... not right behind you , but behind you . Anna grab he arm . anna be careful . 91 . Van helsing give she a nod , then step straight through the mirror , vanish inside it . ext . castle dracula - dusk Van helsing step out of another ancient mirror , encase in a huge black obelisk . it 's snow . a beat later , Anna step through . they both look up . chisell out of a massive rock mountain be a enormous cathedral - like fortress ; spire , turret , gargoyle , the work . cover in permafrost . icicles everywhere . carelessly flung hither and yon be human skeleton . something very evil life here . thunder rumble . anna Castle dracula . they look back at the mirror . Carl be nowhere in sight . they head for the castle . behind they , Carl slowly seep out of the mirror , eye close , he open they to see the forbid fortress . the sheer enormity of it terrify he . he spin around and run back into the mirror- wham ! face first , bounce off and land on he ass . the mirror be a one - way ticket . Carl leap up and scurries after they . carl wait up ! ext . castle dracula - night they arrive at a massive door at the front of the ancient fortress , make of iron , rusted shut , cover in slippery ice . there 's a transom at the top of it , but it 's thirty foot up . carl do we have a plan ? it do not have to be Wellington 's at waterloo , but some sort of plan would be nice . van helsing we be go to go in there and stop dracula . anna and kill anything that get in we way . Carl start to back away . carl let I know how that go . Van helsing grab Carl and Anna by they collar and run straight up , thirty foot , they go right through the transom . 92 . int . castle dracula entrance hall - night the three of they land softly on the floor on the other side . Anna and Carl be shocked , they turn and look at Van helsing . carl well , as grateful as I be to be out of the cold , that do not seem like a good thing . Anna look at Van helsing , bent over in pain , he face and eye eat distort into a vague resemblance of a wolf , and then it pass . they share a look . then he move forward , a man on a mission . the whole place be a massive freeze foyer , and all of the incredibly high wall , pillar , and ceiling be cover in gooey cocoon . thousands of they . with electric wire stick out of all of they . anna oh my god , if he bring all of this to life ... carl -.. the world would be a smorgasbord . and that 's when igor come scurrying around a comer , a bundle of wire and electrode in he hand , he skid to a stop , look stunne as he see Van helsing . igor how ? how do you ? ... it 's impossible . he quickly recover he sense , drop everything and run like hell . Van helsing pump one of the see blade into he palm and throw it , it whistle through the air , catch igor by he sleeve , and pin he to a rock wall . igor ( cont 'd ) please ! please do not kill I ! Van helsing stride forward . van helsing why ? igor well , urn , I ... he can not think of a good reason . Van helsing rip the blade out of the wall , about to kill he . 93 . and then they hear frankenstein bellow somewhere nearby . they look around . right next to igor be a window with metal bar . Van helsing see something move inside it . it 's a pulley with chain . he stick he torch through the bar and look down a shaft . int . castle dracula - dungeon - night frankenstein be in a dungeon cell encase in a huge block of ice , only he head and neck stick out , chain run through the block and attach up to the pulley . the shaft rise another thirty floor . from the top of the shaft a voice ring out : dracula ( 0.s. ) bring I the monster ...!! dracula 's voice echoes through the immense fortress as igor snicker evilly . int . castle dracula - entrance hallway - dusk igor my master have awaken . the pulley start to rise . the chain snap taut . frankenstein and the block of ice quickly lift up off the cell floor . int . castle dracula - entrance hallway - night Van helsing drop the torch and go nut , furiously yanking and pull on the thick bar with incredible strength , they actually start to twist , but they be never go to give , even with the semi-insane look which have creep into he eye . Anna try to help , to no avail . the block of ice continue its rise . Van helsing collapse against the bar , the insane look seep away , he 's back to himself once again . frankenstein come eye- to- eye with he . the two being look at each other , a real connection between the two of they . the look on frankenstein 's face soften . frankenstein there be a cure . Van helsing be shocked . van helsing what ? frankenstein dracula , he have the cure , to remove the curse of the werewolf . 94 , frankenstein continue up the shaft . Van helsing desperately try to stick he head through the bar , gain one last look up at frankenstein as he 's haul up . frankenstein ( cont 'd ) go! find the cure ! save yourself ! Anna grab Van helsing and pull he back . anna come on ! you hear he ! let 's find it . Van helsing look at she , think hard . van helsing why do dracula have a cure ? anna I do not care . van helsing I do . why would he need one ? Van helsing look at igor . igor clamp he mouth shut . the camera do a dramatic push in on Carl as he face fill with a dawn realization : carl because the only thing that can kill he ... be a werewolf . Van helsing and Anna look at Carl . Carl smile . carl ( cont 'd ) the painting . that 's what it mean . anna but dracula have use werewolve to do he bide for century . carl yes , but if one ever have the will to turn on he , he would need a cure to remove the curse and make it human before it bit he . the realization of this crash down on they . Van helsing turn to igor and gesture to Anna and Carl . van helsing you be go to take this two and lead they to it . 95 . igor no I be not . Van helsing stick the blade under igor 's chin . igor smile . igor ( cont 'd ) yes I be . Carl step up . carl when the bell begin to roll midnight , you will be able to kill dracula , we just have to find the cure and get it into you before the final stroke . Van helsing pull a small but extremely nasty - look weapon out of he cloak . it look like nail clipper design by the Spanish inquisition . he hold it up in front of igor 's face . van helsing if they even suspect you be misleading they ... he hand the weapon to Anna . van helsing ( cont 'd ) --. clip off one of he finger . anna my pleasure . igor look terrify , he gesture to the set of staircase . igor the stair on the right , they lead to the black tower , that 's where it be . van helsing and the stair on the leave ? igor hesitates . Van helsing reach for the " clipper . " igor the Devil 's tower ! Devil 's tower ! that 's where we reassemble the laboratory . would I lie to you ? van helsing not if you want to live . 96 . Van helsing turn to Carl . van helsing ( cont 'd ) if I be not " cure " by the twelfth stroke of midnight ... he pull a metal tube out of he cloak , nap out into a silver stake , and hand it to Carl . Carl 's eye widen . carl I do not think I could . van helsing you must . Carl nod , take the stake , share a look with Van helsing , and then grab igor by the scruff of he neck and pull he off towards the staircase . carl come on . Van helsing and Anna look into each other 's eye , both of they scared , both of they gear up . Van helsing have never be so concerned for another human be in he life . van helsing do not get kill . Anna have never be so fill with conviction in she life . anna you still do not understand . it do not matter what happen to I . we must save my family . she start to go . Van helsing pull she back . van helsing if you be late ... run like hell . she nod and start to go . Van helsing pull she back again . van helsing ( cont 'd ) do not be late . she smile and start to go . Van helsing pull she back again , and then kiss she hard . she give it right back to he , a real bodice ripper , she pull herself away , stare deep into he smolder eye , then run off after carl. 97 . int . laboratory tower - night the dwergi be put the final touch they the reassembly of Victor frankenstein 's equipment . frankenstein himself be now weld into the iron pod , bellow angrily . dracula stride past , slamm all of the huge electrical switch on . dracula what eat you complain about ? the entire laboratory spark to life . spectacular arc of electricity shoot up and down the wall between the dynamo . the gear kick in . the fan belt snap taut and start to spin . dracula ( cont 'd ) this be why you be make , to prove that god be not the only one who can create life ! dracula turn the flywheel . frankenstein begin to rise . dracula ( cont 'd ) and now you will give that life to my young . int . castle dracula - right tower stair - night Van helsing come up the spiraling stone staircase and see a large gash in the rock wall . int . castle dracula - shaft - night Van helsing step inside and see chain jangling in the middle of the dark shaft , he look down at the fifteen-story drop . and then he jump . he grab the chain , swing wildly , dangle precariously , some of he weapon drop out of he cloak and fall . and then , with superhuman strength , agility and speed , Van helsing start to climb the chain . int . castle dracula - antidote tower - night igor lead Anna and Carl up the stair to a landing with a arched doorway , the entrance to the antidote Tower . igor there it be . Inside the large room be a pedestal . on the pedestal be a glass jar fill with a clear jelly - like goo , suspend in the goo be a syringe . igor start to enter . Anna grab he and hold he back . 98 . anna I will go first . igor give she a nasty look . Anna give it back to he , then enter the tower , eye on the alert , head for the syringe . all the window be bar shut . there be no other entrance . Carl watch she , he eye momentarily off igor . igor use the moment , take a quick step back , and with the heel of he boot , kick Carl in the ass . Anna spin around in time to see Carl sprawl into the room . igor cackle gleefully . igor stay as long as you like . he pull a lever on the wall , a grate metal gate crash down , lock Anna and Carl inside the tower . igor scurries away laugh . igor ( cont 'd ) bye-bye ! int . laboratory - night all of the equipment be accelerate wildly . the dwergi be desperately try to keep everything from spin out of control . dracula be in rapture as spark rain down upon he . Van helsing climb up out of the shaft and hide behind the shattered block of ice , which be be pelt and melt by raining spark . dynamos crackle . pulley whirl . Electrical arc flash . Van helsing look up . sixty foot above he be a OPEN skylight , twenty foot above that be the pod apparatus . ext . castle dracula - skylight - night frankenstein struggle in the pod as lightning flash across the sky above he . int . antidote tower - night Anna and Carl be stare at the syringe inside the jar of vile goo . anna go ahead , grab it . 99 , carl you go ahead and grab it . if there 's one thing I have learn , it 's never be the first one to stick you hand into a viscous material . a hideous face lower down right behind they . it 's aleera . aleera smart boy . Carl practically jump out of he skin . Anna grab Carl and jerk he back behind the huge jar . aleera drop down with a smile . aleera ( cont 'd ) do I scare you ? carl ( terrify ) no. aleera then maybe I need to try a little harder . int . laboratory - night Van helsing start to climb straight up the sheer wall . grasp for purchase in the grout . only someone with superhuman strength in they fingertip could do this . a dwerger on scaffold turn around and come face - to- face with Van helsing , cling to the wall like a fly . the dwerger 's goggle be up and we get we first glimpse of the hideous dwergi eye . before the dwerger can even scream , Van helsing grab he with one hand , slam he off the rock wall , then chuck he into the dark recess of the laboratory . int . antidote tower - night Anna suddenly lash out with she sword and knock over the jar . it crash to the floor , splattering some goo on aleera . the vile goo burn like acid into she and right through the stone floor . aleera howl in pain and rage . Carl freak . carl see ! what do I tell you !? Anna gesture to the syringe roll across the floor . 100 . anna grab it ! grab it ! grab it ! use the hem of he frock , Carl scoops up the syringe , it burn and smoke and he jump and yelp , but he still manage to hold onto it . in the meantime , Anna have grab a piece of the glass and scoop up some of the goo . she run and fling it at the bar of the gate . a hole melt through the bar . anna ( cont 'd ) c'mon ! Carl race to the hole , the syringe smoking - up he frock . Anna shove Carl out first . anna ( cont 'd ) go! go! go! Carl race off down the hall . before Anna can get out , a hand grab she and spin she around . it 's aleera . the burn on she face heal . aleera you can not go until I say you can go . anna keep running carl ! aleera and I will say you can go when you be dead . aleera grab Anna and throw she across the floor . Anna skid across the room , she sabre go fly . ext . castle dracula - skylight - night up on the pod Van helsing come eye - to - eye with frankenstein . the wind whip at they . lightning flash . thunder roar . Van helsing grab one of the three metal strap weld onto the bolt rivete down frankenstein 's chest . van helsing this be go to hurt . frankenstein ( grit he tooth ) I be accustom to pain . Van helsing nod , bad -to-the-bone . 101 . van helsing let you know you be alive . with he new strength , Van helsing rip the first metal strap off . frankenstein grimace in pain . and that 's when a bolt of lightning strike the conductor above the pod . Van helsing be catapult into the air . frankenstein roar in pain . int . laboratory - night dracula look up as a blast of ENERGY emanate from the pod down into the room and through the equipment , which instantly overload , spitting flame and SPARKS . one of the dwergi be blow across the room , on FIRE . dracula smile maniacally . dracula give I life !!! the blast of energy surge out through every door , crack , and pore of the room . int . entrance hall - night the energy blast envelop the entrance hall wash over all the cocoon , which begin to undulate with life . ext . skylight - night Van helsing dangle from the edge of the tower , it 's a sixty floor drop to a icy canyon below , electrical wire crackle and spit all around he . he start to claw he way back up . int . antidote tower - night Anna stagger to she foot as aleera stride towards she . Anna grab a torch off the wall and lunge at aleera 's face . aleera just blow it out . Anna quickly back away . aleera smile , then one by one she blow out all of the torch in the room until the place go pitch black . ext . tower bridge - night the weather have go insane . Thunder , lightning , rain and wind whip down around cart as he run out , onto a enormous ancient stone bridge that connect the two tower . it 's cover in huge pothole and barb rubble . a lightning strike hit one of the stone pilaster on the bridge . it 's go to be a very difficult six hundred yard dash . and that 's when igor run out with he cattle prod . Carl jag out of the way as the prod slam into the railing right next to he , just miss he , spitting spark . 102 . ext . skylight - night Van helsing rip the second metal strap off of frankenstein . frankenstein grimace in pain , then he see something come . frankenstein look out ! Van helsing throw himself to the floor of the apparatus as once again lightning strike the conductor above the pod . frankenstein roar in pain . int . laboratory - night another energy blast surge through the room . dracula lift he arm and eye to the sky in triumph . dracula one more bolt and my young shall live ! and then he see Van helsing high above he . dracula scowl and transform into a hideous winged beast from hell . int . antidote tower - night pitch black . and then a lightning strike illuminate Anna , grop she way around the room , we rack focus to see aleera hang upside down from the ceiling twenty foot behind she . we push in on aleera 's gleam face . and then go to she Pov : aleera can see perfectly in the dark . she watch as Anna grope she way across the dark wall , head for the gate . ext . tower bridge - night SPARKS explode off the tip of the cattle prod as it slam into a pilaster right next to Carl 's head . Carl take off run across the ancient bridge towards the distant tower . igor chase after he with the sparking prod . ext . skylight - night Van helsing rip the last metal strap off of frankenstein . and that 's when the hideous wing dracula Beast swoops up and rip into Van helsing , throw he back . Van helsing bounce off the apparatus and drop - int . laboratory - night -sixty foot down through the room , crash through the equipment on he way . SPARKS fly . flame blow dwergi run. 103 . ext . skylight - night frankenstein stand up , daze , about to step out of the pod . another bolt of lightning strike the conductor . it light frankenstein up like a Christmas tree and catapult he through the air . a energy blast surge down into the lab . int . entrance hall - night and wash over the cocoon . the cocoon begin to explode . hundred and hundred of the hideous pygmy bat burst out and swarm around the great hall . int . antidote tower - night Anna make it to the gate . lightn flash , revealing aleera stand on the other side of it , she punch Anna across the room . Anna slam into a wall and drop like a sack of potato , out cold . ext . skylight - night frankenstein cling to the edge of the tower , struggle to hold on as electrical wire spark and spit all around he . he lose he grip and start to drop . it 's sixty storey down . he manage to grab a wire , which snap loose and swing he down and across the castle , he leg kick wildly . ext . tower bridge - night Carl run like mad , weaving and bob as igor try to nail he with the cattle prod . Carl suddenly see frankenstein swinging on a wire , come right at he . Carl dive to the ground as the wire whip over he head . the wire catch igor across the chest and launch he out over the railing . the wire then catch on a pilaster whipping frankenstein into the bridge . igor drop past he , scream in terror on he long journey down to the icy valley below . int . antidote tower - night Anna groggily roll over on the floor . aleera step up over she , then grab she and lift she up while transforming into a huge winge bat . int . laboratory - night batter and bloody , Van helsing stagger through the burn equipment , look delirious . 104 . ext . tower bridge - night Carl look over the railing . see frankenstein hang by the wire , dangle sixty storey up , lose he grip , slide down the last five foot of the wire , now four foot , now three foot , two foot , one . he look up at Carl . frankenstein help ... I . Carl be emotionally tear . carl you be suppose to die . frankenstein grimace , desperately cling to life . frankenstein I want to live . Carl make he decision . carl all right ! all right ! hold on ! hold on ! Carl stick the syringe between he tooth , grab the connector wire and pull with all he might . int . antidote tower - night Anna can barely move , choke from the incredible grip aleera have on she throat . aleera 's hideous face smile . aleera be happy in the knowledge that I shall weep over you dead body . ext . tower bridge - night Carl give one last tug . the wire break loose from the pilaster . frankenstein swing away from the bridge and arc up towards a bar window on the side of the antidote Tower . int . antidote tower - night aleera 's fang distend , she lean into bite Anna 's neck . and that 's when frankenstein crash through the bar window and slam into they . Anna be knock free . 105 . int . laboratory - night the huge wing Beast stride through the flame , then transform back into dracula , a smile on he lip . dracula you be too late , my friend ! my live ! Van helsing back away , really mess van helsing then the only way to kill they ... he look out through a window at the clock tower . van helsing ( cont 'd ) ++. be to kill you . a look of pure confidence fill dracula 's face . dracula that be correct . a derange look fill Van helsing 's face . van helsing so be it . ext . antidote tower - night Anna look back into the tower . aleera lunge at she , but frankenstein grab she . Anna start to head back to help frankenstein . frankenstein no ! go help Van helsing . frankenstein throw aleera across the room , then look at Anna . frankenstein ( cont 'd ) now ! Anna look he in the eye . anna thank you . frankenstein nod and turn back to aleera , who fly across the room and tackle he . Anna scramble back out the window . 106 . ext . tower bridge - night a bolt of lightning suddenly rip a huge gaping hole out of the bridge near Carl , block he from continue forward . it 's a twenty - foot leap or a sixty - story drop . he look back and see Anna crawl out of the smashed window . carl Anna ! I need some help ! Anna cling to the wind - whipped wall , try not to get blow into the precipice . anna now be not a good time , Carl !! int . laboratory - night as dracula move in on Van helsing , Van helsing look out a window to the clock - tower . the big hand slam forward . it be now exactly one minute to midnight . the clock chime . Van helsing 's whole body suddenly convulse . insanity pour into he eye . dracula look perplex . Van helsing groans : van helsing one . Van helsing transform into the biggest , sexiest , most bad - ass werewolf ever . dracula look stunne . dracula no .... this ... this be not right ( furious ) this can not be ! ext . tower bridge - night Carl look from the clock tower to Anna . carl hurry ! Anna leap out and grab the same electrical wire that frankenstein use . the wire hiss and SPARKS as Anna be swing down across the castle . the clock chime . anna two ! 107 . int . laboratory - night dracula cautiously back off as the huge werewolf collect itself and move towards he . for the first time in he long life , dracula actually look nervous , he play for time . dracula you and I be part of the same grand game , Gabriel . but we need not find ourselves on opposite side of the board . ext . tower bridge - night the clock chime . Carl step up to the edge of the bridge , he 's go to throw Anna the syringe . carl Three ! Anna switch wire in mid-air as she rocket across the castle . Carl aim and throw the syringe . Anna grab it ! then arc up towards the Laboratory Tower . int . laboratory - night the werewolf lunge at dracula . dracula whirl around , become the wing Beast , he fly up the wall , head for the open skylight . the werewolf bound after he , rip its way straight up the sheer rock , it leap out and grab the wing Beast . both creature crash down into the equipment . ext . tower bridge - night the clock chime as Anna arc up towards the Laboratory Tower . and that 's when aleera swoops down and cut the wire . Anna be throw off . she crash onto a ledge of the tower . int . laboratory - night dracula leap up first and back away . dracula you be be use Gabriel . as be I . but I escape , and so can you ! the werewolf spring at dracula . dracula become the wing Beast and desperately use he four razor sharp appendage to claw at the werewolf . the werewolf howl in pain , then lash out and rip away at the Beast . the Beast shriek , then throw itself up into the rafter and become dracula , he arm be tear and limp . the clock chime . 108 . dracula ( cont 'd ) I know who you be . who control you . join I ! join I and I will cut the string that play you ! I will give you you life back ! ext . tower bridge - night Anna clamber up onto a ledge just as aleera land next to she . Anna start back up the precarious perch as aleera close in . we pan up to the full moon and see cloud about to obscure it . int . laboratory - night the werewolf look insanely hungry as it close in on dracula , who be desperately back away . dracula do not you understand !? four hundred year ago we be friend . partner ! Brothers ! the clock chime . the werewolf leap at he . dracula become the Beast and desperately try to flyaway , but he 's too damage . the werewolf grab he by the throat , about to kill he , and that 's when the werewolf turn back into Van helsing . Van helsing quickly stagger back . dracula look out at the roiling cloud obscure the moon , then he look at Van helsing . that old confident glint fill dracula 's eye . dracula ( cont 'd ) do I mention that it be you who murder I ? ext . tower bridge - night the clock chime . Anna back up against a wall on the ledge , trap . aleera step in for the kill . aleera you blood shall make I even more beautiful . what do you think of that ? a silver stake suddenly impale she through the chest . aleera shriek . Anna look over at the bridge , to where Carl have crawle down between the girder , then she look back at aleera , who be stare at she in horror and start to rot . 109 . anna I think if you be go to kill somebody , kill they , do not stand around talk about it . aleera burst into rot , the silver stake be flung into a beam right next to Carl 's head . the clock chime . Carl look up at the clock . carl how many be that ? how many be that !? Anna be already racing up the parapet . anna eight ! int . laboratory - night Van helsing desperately back off through the flaming , sparking equipment as dracula slowly move in on he . dracula all I want be life , Gabriel ... now I will have to take yours . dracula hold up he leave hand , he ring finger have long ago be CUT off . dracula ( cont 'd ) and I will take my ring back as well . the clock chime . Van helsing back up into a wall , trap , breathe hard , the two man stare at each other . dracula 's bicuspid distend into long fang . dracula ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid , Gabriel , now I will give you back you life , you memory . and then through a window , Van helsing see the cloud about to fully reveal the full moon . the clock chime . van helsing some thing be best leave forget . Van helsing become the werewolf . he lunge , grab dracula and chomp into he throat . dracula cry out in agony . 110 . dracula start shriveling and decaye and waste away until there be nothing leave but char remain burn into the floor . the clock chime . int . entrance hall - night all of the pygmy bat shriek in horror and then explode into black goo . int . laboratory - night Anna burst into the room and race at the werewolf 's back , syringe in hand , ready to stab he . the clock chime . anna twelve . the werewolf spin around and see Anna come . he pounce . fang and claw . Anna scream . the werewolf tackle Anna . they crash down onto a couch . Carl run in and skid to a stop , the werewolf 's back be to he , but he can see that it 's alive and on top of Anna . carl Midnight . Carl be devastate . he lift up the silver stake . carl ( cont 'd ) God forgive I . he run forward and swing the stake down at the werewolf 's back . at the last millisecond the werewolf spin around and grab Carl 's wrist , stop he short . Carl be terrify , he stare at the werewolf . the werewolf stare back , then turn slightly to reveal the syringe stick out of its chest , empty . the werewolf let go of Carl . Carl stumble back . the werewolf rip the empty syringe out of its chest , throw it away , then look down at Anna . her eye be wide open . carl ( cont 'd ) she 's dead . and then we CUT to one of the most iconographic shot in the whole movie : the full moon shine in through a arched stone window , which frame the werewolf , who be crouch over we gorgeous heroine , sprawle dead across a break couch . we slowly push in as the werewolf tilt its head back and bay at the moon , a long , mournful howl , it slowly transform back into Van helsing , crying out at the moon in anguish .... 111 . ext . mountain top - dawn Carl read from the Bible , tear on he cheek . Van helsing , carry a torch , step up to a funeral pyre . he stare down at Anna , lie on the pyre , look beautiful . we CUT wide to see that they eat on a bluff overlook the sea . ext . sea — dawn a dark figure paddle a makeshift raft out to sea . it 's frankenstein . he look back up to the bluff to see the flame pyre ignite . frankenstein doff he hat in respect , sigh heavily , then turn back around and continue paddle . ext . mountain top - night the glow from the flame flicker off Van helsing 's sad face as he stare down at the ground . Carl still read . the smoke from the funeral pyre suddenly form a picture of anna's face . tendril of smoke waft out , like long smoky finger they touch Van helsing 's chin and lift it up . Van helsing see she . Anna smile . then she face start to float up into the dawn sky along with the rest of the smoke . Van helsing be shocked , he stagger forward , as if to follow . Anna 's face be suddenly surround by the vague face of she mother , she father , she brother velkan , and many other welcoming family member . her father give she a hug . her mother start to comb she hair . Carl smile as he step up and put he hand on Van helsing 's shoulder . Anna give Van helsing one last look , she radiant eye beam with happiness , and then she and all of she family start to ascend into the glow dawn sky . Van helsing stare upward , devastate . and then in one final glorious moment , Anna and she family swoop up into the sky and blend with the fade star . we push in on Van helsing 's face as the look in he eye change , from devastate loss , to a gentle look of peace . we can see that he be truly happy for Anna .... dissolve to : 112 . ext . wheat field - dawn Van helsing and Carl riding two black stallion across a endless golden wheat field , head off into a new dawn . fade out . the end