vanilla sky written by cameron crowe shoot script on black we hear a whoosh sound , get louder . a blink of a image New York City from a perspective of flight , not a airplane , a swoop diving shot . back to black . a woman' voice abre los ojo ... open you eye ... open you eye ... int . david' bedroom - early morning david aame , jr. , 32 , swing out of bed and sit on the corner of he mattress . it 's a chilly New York City morning . early sunlight glow around the corner 's of he curtain . a woman' voice open you eye ... he reach behind he to shut off a slim voice - activate clock -radio . he rise , a comforter drape around he shoulder , and head to the bathroom . int . david' bathroom - morning David regards himself in the mirror of a beautifully - tile and well - appoint bathroom . in he thirty now , he look have only deeppen and improve . he brushes he tooth . he spot a gray hair , and hold tweezers , seize and pluck it . int . david' bedroom - morning David put on a shirt . check he wallet for money . his bedroom be elegant and spare . int . david be new york CITY apartment - morning he slip down the stair into the expansive live area of this deeply - texture apartment . a stun , inherite book collection line the wall . int . / ext . new york CITY garage below apartment / street - morning David start up he dark green sport car , and roar onto the New York City street . 2 ext . new york side street u- morning David travel the side-street to work . he sense a grow weirdness . the street be empty . he look at . he watch . it 's 8:12 . he continue anxiously . run a red light . Music rise . ext . time square -- morning the most recognize piece of real -estate in the world be silent . it be as if the world 's biggest parade have just leave , take everybody with it . David pull over haphazardly . he exit the car , leave it in the middle of the street . he begin to walk , faster now , as music rise . all the electricity be on . there be absolutely nobody in sight . David begin to run , search for humanity . the billboard - electronic and still - all sell easy solution to he loneliness . he pull up short . , stop and cry out in anguish . there be no one leave in the world . a woman' voice open you eye ... open you eye , David ... dissolve to : int . bedroom - morning David hang out of bed , he mouth in a open silent scream . cover he face with both hand . a woman' voice . open you eye ... he reach behind to shut off the same clock -radio , and its voice . he make a relieved agonize sound into the pillow . get up , see a pizza box ... a container of soup ... a remote control on the floor . we hear a incisive voice with a comforting lilt - a man we will meet later . a man' voice well , I suppose the empty street mean loneliness . david' voice you be a shrink . you have get to do better than that . a man' voice I be a doctor . let 's not stereotype each other . not all rich kid be soul - less , and not all psychologist care about dream . the question be how you 3 get here , and why you have be charge . david' voice what do you want to know ? I be about to turn 33 . I run three magazine , and a world - wide publishing house . on most day I actually fool myself into believe it would last forever . int . bathroom - morning David check himself in the mirror . seize and pluck that same gray hair . david' voice be not that what be young be about ? believe secretly that you would be the one person , in the history of man , who would live forever ? int . bedroom - morning David enter , reach for he wallet , repeat the morning ritual . a figure stir in the bed behind he . she lean upward , wear David 's college basketball tank for a pajama-top . she 's warm and wick , a mildly reform party girl , the kind of girl first - novel be write about . she be julianna gianni , 25 . julianna where you go so early ? david ( slightly self - conscious ) hey , do not record any more message on my alarm -- clock , okay ? julianna why not ? david I will think we be marry or something . julianna do not you ever say that word . or I will never come over here and bring you chicken soup and fuck you brain out again . 4 david ( o.s. ) ( exite , from other room ) how 's you cold ? julianna still there . how 's yours ? david ( u.s.. ) I guess you take my mind off it . she pull a pink pill - box purse from the nightstand , withdraw a multi-color phone . julianna reyna , it 's julianna . I miss my audition . ( dramatic , like bette Davis ) I lose my head . listen , I have to go . ( whisper ) I be with David . int . kitchen - morning David in he steel - and -linoleum bachelor kitchen . Julie swing into view . her blouse be unbuttone two button too many , down to mid-chest . she give he a kiss on the cheek and linger . David grab a racquetball bag , talk to the next . room . david help yourself to whatever you want . set the alarm , Maria will clean up . lock up when you go . and ... you be the great . julianna bye " honey ! " david bye " honey ! " I will call you later . julianna when ? when ? david soon ! they have a comfortable , healthy , mutually satisfy , gloriously superficial relationship . 5 int . / ext . new york CITY garage / street - day David be about to enter the green sport car , then think better of it . he fire up a knock -around beater car from he collection . he drive into the street which be , comfortingly , now full of people . we hear r.e.m. 's " all the right Friends . " ext . new york side - street - day David drive the crowded street . it all seem more poignant today . life be good again . ext . brian apartment - day David pull up to a lower - end apartment , check he watch . enter the hang -over brian shelby , 30ish . in a world of acquaintance , Brian be a true friend . he have all the quality of abe lincoln and , much to he chagrin , the look too . he hop in the car with racquetball bag . david do you reserve the court ? brian easy . I can not handle heavy conversation at this ungodly hour . david I be sorry to do this early . I gotta be do by 10 . car phone ring . David check caller id - it 's he office . he click on . assistant voice ( rachel ) you be not go to make the 8:45 , be you ? david how do you find I ? rachel's voice David aame , you have to check the color of the letter for the new issue of rise . david what be the color ? rachel's voice yellow-and-red ... or the traditional white . 6 david let , I think about it . rachel's voice David , please . do not be late for the ten o'clock with the board . david okay , but . do not tell anybody where I be I do not care if God call . I be very busy . brian can not you just get rid of that board ? david the Seven dwarve ? no. brian that people drive you nut . david and that be the desire of my father , who hire they . brian ( suspicious pause ) you fuck Julie gianni again , do not you ? David take off drive . int . another STREET - day - drive brian I know someone be there when I call . you have that tone . ( imitate nasal phone voice ) oh , no man , I have get a cold . I be hang in tonight . david ( shaky defense ) I have a cold . I be alone . brian Fine . you can do whatever you want with you life - david thanks . 7 brian -- but one day you will know what love truly be . it 's the sour and the sweet . and I know sour which allow I to appreciate the sweet . david Julie gi.anni be a friend . sometimes we sleep together . Brian howl in pain , like a hurt dog . david what -- brian my dream girl ... Julie gianni ... be you ... fuck buddy . Brian emit another pain howl . David reach over to change the music . david what do you want to listen to ? brian slow down , man . david what have we get here - Barcelona , looper ... radiohead ? Brian freeze at what he see . brian look out ! look out ! David turn and see he 's hurtle into the back of a car stop just in front of he . clench he hit the brake , narrowly avoid a high -speech collision . and then ... to he right ... another car come hurtle toward he ... and stop within a inch of deadly impact . there be a awful moment , as the second car blare on the horn . traffic continue , but the linger feel of dread and confusion be still in the air . brian fuck ! david ( annoyed ) we almost die . 8 brian I know . my own death be right there in front of I , and you know what happen ? you life flashed before my eye . david how be it ? brian almost worth die for . pedestrian continue walk around the honk tangle mass of the near - .accident . ext . aame publication - day David meet Peter Brown and rachel , he second assistant , at . the front of the well - appoint headquarters of aame Publications . aame hop out of car and head into the building . int . aame publication - day David aame Jr. turn down the corridor of rise Magazine , a male youth - culture - style magazine . Rachel give he daily tabloid report , continue with the essential . rachel the art department need a decision on the color . yellow - and - red , or white ? and the board be piss you be late . david you change you hair . David tap on the window of the art department , in panic over several cover mock -up . he give a presidential thumb - up , move on . they look at each other , try to decipher if the thumb - up be a decision . art editor do he mean the yellow - and - red or the white ? David pass a holdover from the old day , older receptionist ( beatrice ) who speak uncomfortably and gruffly into a headset . she give David a know look - late again . rachel they be all wait for you . and David - opinion be expect . 9 a man' voice do you dream about the board , David ? the Seven dwarve , as you call they ? David walk into the office . frame original photo from album cover co-mingle with a splash of culture art and book . Seven very - interested and very - alert look older executive wait . david ( v.0 . ) sneezy , bashful , sleepy , happy , Doc , dopey , and of course , grumpy . grumpy ( skeptical ) how be aspen ? david ( playful , mock drama ) good . now I want answer , and I want they now . ( pause ) how 's it go ? he gesture charmingly , easily , and bow with apology over he lateness . all be happy to see he . sort of . david' voice they still look at I like I be still eleven year old . flashback David at 11 , blithely skateboard the hallway . he pass beatrice , who turn to a editor . beatrice he 's go to inherit everything . he get it all . if int . prison psychiatric unit - night ( interrogation # 1 ) the light from a small line of chicken - wire window cut through the blackness . in the shadow of this dank room , we hear he voice but we do not see he . it be the smaller , slightly muffle tone of David aame . in the shadow , he wear a mask . mccabe you be scared of you dream , be not you ? 10 portrait of curtis mccabe , 52 . Doctor of psychiatry , prison division . he 's far too wily to spend the currency of he brilliance just yet . it 's too early in they relationship . he stand tall , lean on a steel desk , polish he glass with end of he coat . david it 's a nightmare either way . mccabe be that how do you explain what 's happen to you ? david what -- mccabe what happen to you face ? david I be not talk to you anymore . mccabe and you do not want to show I you face . david no . mccabe do you know why you be here ? david ( sarcastic ) the conversation , the coffee -- mccabe David - the part where we parry and joust , and get to know each other bit-by-bit ... we be go to have to skip it . you have be charge with murder . in four week , a judge will determine you fate base on what I write . you will talk to I -- david there be no murder ! it do not happen ! I do not have to talk to anybody ! a contentious prison Guard ( aaron ) swing he foot down and get up from watch a 17 - inch television on a stool . he exit into the bigger room to quiet down David aame . 11 slight push in to show the television show he be watch , and we see a snippet of " to kill a mockingbird . " aaron you want I to help - david get the fuck away from I . aaron take it easy , sunshine . david get the fuck away from I . aaron take it easy , face . you whole story be full of hole ! with great power , mccabe advance on the guard . his presence , when he turn on the switch , be considerable . mccabe . stop ! please leave . right now . I will take responsibility . aaron ( whisper , exite ) I be gonna get you , daddy 's boy little freak . david my parent be dead , you fuck ! mccabe enough ! the contentious Guard leave . mccabe be it true ? david ( sing -song ) good cop ... bad cop . mccabe that you be a daddy 's boy ? david ( in darkness , by rote ) primer on David aame , senior . my father be not build for the 21st century . he never eat at 12 McDonald 's , not once , and never watch television . yet he biggest magazine be still tv digest . he and my mother throw the grandest party of the literary world . he balloon , jump from plane , seek adventure ... his autobiography be the manual for every cutthroat publisher in New York . it 's call defend the Kingdom . mccabe I have read it . page 127 . " David junior be a delight as a child . " do I miss something here ? be that all he write about you ? david I do not think he ever get over the fact that I be terrify of height . and when he and my mother be run over by a drunken teenager on New Year 's Eve , ten year ago ... David aame move closer to the light . we see a strange bland expression of he mask , at first other -- worldly ... and then more clearly . david he leave the key to the Kingdom to I ... 51 % control , 49 % go to a group of seven board member who all think they be first in line . mccabe and you believe the board , the Seven dwarve , put you here to take control of you company . david what do you care ? mccabe we be just talk . and tonight 's Wednesday night , and I go to Black angus for dinner with my daughter on Wednesday night , so I will have to leave soon . you understand that we time be limited , do not you ? 13 david if I talk , you will just think I be crazy . mccabe gather he thing . mccabe with all the respect I can offer a man wear a latex mask and spout conspiracy theory , David , trust I - you have cross that bridge . david Fine . enjoy you dinner . somehow the lilt in mccabe 's voice draw he closer . mccabe there be five basic emotion in life . tell I . what emotion grip ... he ... before he enter that cell ? be it guilt ? shadows . there be no answer , just a rustling and a grow sense of anticipation in the darkness . mccabe hate ? shame ? shadows . still no answer . mccabe revenge ... mccabe now show the invisible skill with which he have bring he client to the precipice . and now , with one word , he invite David aame to look over . mccabe Love ? in the darkness , a rustling and the slight turn of a head . mccabe I be completely on the wrong track , be not I ? invisible dissolve to : 14 int . david' apartment / back room off kitchen - night from the darken back room , David aame appear with ice , and re-enter he party . david who need ice ? aame move swirl be more like it - through into he party , which be nicely underway . upscale . modern . part literary crowd . part fashion crowd . he 's great in a crowd . surrounded by people , David aame come alive . david move through party catch the attention of a model . ( lynette ) lynette David ! happy birthday . david Jesus , you have the great taste in shoe I have ever see . bar none . anywhere . a woman caterer in whites ( emma ) slip by with a know smile . emma the caterer the old place sure look more crowded with people in it . david Emma , do you know lynette ? emma the caterer no , but I shudder to think what . we might have in common . David notice that Brian Shelby have arrive with a guest , a woman who struggle with a package and a very large coat . on first glance , she 's just another girl . on second glance , she 's a killer . he note she oddly funny behavior . she remove the coat to reveal a very simple natural beauty . she be sofia serrano , a 27 year - old city girl with a barely containable life - force . enter peter brown , David 's male assistant with surreptitious headset . he gesture to a stereo appliance set up in David 's live room . peter brown the live stereo system be online and look great . it 's a 15 amazing prototype . they would love a article on it if you like it ... David nod , still focus on sofia . suddenly , he find he can not take he eye off she . peter brown and happy birthday , sir . angle on front entrance as David arrive to greet Brian and he guest . brian hey man . happy birthday and all the usual shit people say to each other . how you do ? david livin ' the dream , baby . livin ' the dream . the two friend hug . David share a quick glance with Brian 's date , who still burden with coat . brian ( to sofia , as in ' meet the notorious ... ') meet David aame . david ( can not help but flirt ) and to what do I owe this pleasure , the pleasure of -- sofia ( playful ) -- the pleasure of sofia . serrano . brian we meet today at the library , if you can believe that -- sofia I be sorry about my coat . it 's too big for you closet . brian - we be both pretend to be intellectual . david no no , I think it 's amazing . I love you coat . 16 sofia I overdress . I mean I underdressed . brian I will just continue like you be both actually listen to I . sofia ( to David ) do you have another room to put it in ? brian ( invisible , be : they chemistry ) I have cease to exist . david well , madison Square Garden be nearby , it might fit there . sofia ( shove David playfully , as in touche ) happy birthday . her upbeat physicality be intoxicating . sofia hand David she present . brian we pick it out together . neither look at Brian . Brian take a breath . he 's be here before . david thank you . brian we pick it out together . we ... sofia welcome . brian stop flirt and open it . david okay . brian let 's get a drink . 17 sofia okay . david I will leave this upstairs . David exit . they be leave to consider he personal charisma . angle on a holographic display connected to stereo a odd and disarmingly beautiful display of coltrane perform " my favorite thing " in David 's live room . sofia pass a hand through coltrane 's image , admire it . on david David be approach by thomas tipp , a Brit , and a associate board - member at aame Publications . tipp be ten year older than David , and he be the rarest of bird . a sentimental lawyer . and at the moment he 's a bit drunk . david hey Tommy . David move to address he so he can still track sofia . tipp hey. listen to I . do not blow I off . I be all pack , I be go back to London and I understand . you put I up for that other attorney 's job , so you do not have to fire I . a classy move , and you father would have do the same --- david it 's okay , Tommy -- tipp I become incompetent . be there anything more unbecome than a aging mascot ? I care about you father . I live and breathe for he . but this guy , the board , they think you be stupid . a corporate hazard , a rogue . but the word " stupid " be what David hear loudest of all . nearby , we see a woman partner ( one of the Seven dwarve ) take a quick look at David . 18 tipp but they be go to find a way to get you out . they be line up for you office - David scan the room . beneath the good cheer , he see the other layer . lying . disloyalty . all part of the institution he enjoy forget exist . each word bashes he soul . tipp -- you job . you life . you position . they be work day and night . to cheat you out of you 51 % vote . and they be go to sell this tradition , this tradition of word , so they can eat at a better cafeteria . and what they do not know be this - ( gesture grandly to book that surround they ) - people will read again . David 's gaze fall upon sofia , who be look directly at he . and for one blind moment , something pass between they . she look away . he feel save . david ( interrupt with finality ) I get it . tipp they even have a nickname for you behind you back . David smile faintly . understandingly . tipp kiss he on the cheek , boldly and drunkenly . he feel like a hero to himself . tipp citizen dildo . David flinch , just a little . tipp now you have get great instinct . but I say this with complete love . Claim you life ... learn to be a asshole ... do not be - 19 david ( extract himself ) two 's enough - tipp Don ' t be - ( immediately ) okay . forgive I . I still believe in this family . even if it 's only you . David continue tracking sofia as he slip over to Peter Brown . david get tipp out of here , drive he home , and in the morning tell he he 's re-hire with a 50 % raise . set up a meeting with the other attorney . I be go to be in early tomorrow -- ( a look from Peter Brown ) -- earlier than usual . int . david' bedroom - night David enter , shut the door and set sofia 's present down . a party dress be on he bed . julianna hello handsome . he turn to see Julie gianni in the bathroom doorway , wrap in a comforter . julianna I have come to wish you happy birthday . david I do not invite you , Julie . julianna yeah , that be a little weird - david but that 's how it work with party . you have to be invite . julianna I be mad at you , you dick . we make love four time the other night . 20 david be that good ? julianna two be good . Three be very good . but four - david ( fishing for a compliment ) four be pretty good ? julianna no , four be ... four be ... just hold I . david four be what ? julianna hold I , and then I will leave , and you can go talk to that cute brunette . david four be what ? julianna I do not want to meet you fancy friend . I know them all back when I be fancy too . he hold she . they talk in between friendly kiss . david four be what ? she pull away , and talk plainly to he . julianna she look like a moth , David . david a moth ? julianna sometimes I worry about one of this clever girl in a big silly coat who will play you in just the right way , and I will lose my friend . and there will be no more chicken soup party for you and I . 21 she kiss he again . David very gently , and skillfully resist . she get the message . julianna when will you call I ? and do not say soon . I hate it when you say " soon . " int . party -- night sofia eye a frame smashed guitar handsomely mount in a glass display case . sofia so this be what 's become of rock and roll . a smashed guitar behind a glass case display on some rich guy 's wall . david it be a gift , actually . she turn and see it 's David , engage smile in place . she jump slightly . sofia ( apologetic ) I like it . she turn and walk away , David follow close behind . david whoa , whoa , whoa . sofia - how do you get all this stuff , this apartment , this life - David be look just over she shoulder . she turn to see a almost disturbingly large portrait of David aame , sr. she turn back . sofia I see . david how about if you help I ? unless I be horn in here . sofia you be , but the food 's good . 22 david ( playful , like a spy ) see , I have get a little problem . I have get a stalker . sofia it do not . sound life-threatening . someone pass , bump she slightly , into he . david I need a cover . I need for you to pretend we be have a scintillating conversation . and you be wildly entertained . I know it 's tough . sofia I will improvise - david she 's right across the room and she 's burn a hole in my back right now , be not she ? sofia Red dress , strappy shoe ? david yes_ sofia ( beat , jarre ) -- wow , she 's really stare at you . david shit . sofia and she seem to be grow ... less happy . david hmm . sofia I think she 's the saddest girl to ever hold a martini . Julie gianni sit on the step watch . the girl , and the dress , look much happier in the bedroom . Julie rise and begin to move . 23 on brian Brian hold a drink , attempt to crash a conversation between two model . his debonair act be shaky . int . apartment staircase -- night David and sofia race up the stair . bad kid have fun . sofia you have another apartment ? david sort of a day office . come on - they arrive at the door to a smaller upstairs apartment . sofia I be not go in there . david well I be . goodnight . he enter and shut the door . frustrate , she stand for a moment , listen to the music stream from the downstairs apartment . we watch she private moment as she decide to leave he , turn , feel the emotional pull , dance back and knock sharply three time . sofia I hear she come . david ( 0.5 . ) really ? sofia no. David pull she inside . shut the door behind they . int . party - night julianna and Brian , both look for David , discover each other . int . home apartment / office - night artwork on the wall . sofia be draw to a powerful Monet ... and it be not a copy . david we be safe . and I have get nothing to drink ... 24 sofia who do this painting ? david this be joni Mitchell . this one be Monet . and this one be do by I . ( as a tour guide ) it be a snowboard . sofia well , two of they be geniuse . ( laugh ) david ( off the Monet ) it 's the real thing . his paintbrush paint that vanilla sky . his canvas . it. be my mother 's . int . party - night julianna and Brian hold they private conversation by a piano . they be bond , almost mesmerize by they mutual fascination for David . int . david' other apartment -- night David and sofia laugh . david you know what I think ? you be either a very good actress or you really do sort of like I . sofia I be a actress . david there 's probably not too much you be not great at . sofia be you about to compliment , my phone voice ? david it 's pretty good , you know - sofia oh , I would only disappoint , you . see - I be not. qualified . I can spell . 25 david I be surprised you be available . sofia I be surprised you be surprised . david I can not keep this banter go . sofia I neither . beat . they drop the act . a powerful , awkward moment ... and the door open . brian I catch you . sofia Brian ! come in here ! david what 's go on -- brian you friend be fun and I be drunk . david ( cheerful ) Julie gianni be stalking I . sofia she look dangerous . brian nobody stalk I . so I drink . david well , we be out of drink up here . brian here , finish my Jack and Coke . he messily try to hand he drink to David , but spill it embarrassingly . all he cool be go , and what 's leave be he friend cover for he , clean up . david this stupid glass - brian no , it 's the stupid guy hold it . 26 sofia ( embarrassed ) do not worry . I will get . we all something . jack and coke ? she exit , leave the two friend . brian I better hit it . I drank too much and I do not fuck eat . david do not be stupid . the party 's just start . brian ( move away ) for you it be . david you can not go . you be my guest of honor . brian fuck you , David . you be pay I to write my novel , so you own I . david I do not own you . you be brilliant , you be good - look , you be handsome . brian but why would you have to hit on sofia ? david no one 's hit on sofia . brian Fine . whatever you say . I be crazy , I be blind . david no , you be not blind . you be just drink Jack Daniels . and when you drink Jack , you start . in with that Frank Sinatra , " she shot. I down , " gimme a cigarette , King of sad thing ... brian that . I do . gimme a cigarette . 27 david I will find one . brian but wait . you be rich and woman love you and I be from Ohio and I be drunk . can I tell you the truth ? david everyone do . brian I dig she . and I have never say this to you before , about any girl . but she could be ... could be could be could be ... the girl of my fuckin dream . david you be not from Ohio . brian I know . brian but if she fuck tip we friendship - she can go to hell . I will not allow it ! we be bros . david I feel the same way . brian ( wish he believe it ) sure you do . brianprepare to leave , as sofia return with drink . sofia where you go ? brian I be Frank . and Frank must go . sofia huh ? brian I good you bid evening . sofialook at she watch , and the situation . sofia hang on , I will go with you . 28 brian stay , baby . david I will give you a lift home later . sofia no , I have to work tomorrow . brian you be in great . hand . ( beat , realize it 's over ) I be just humoring myself that my opinion matter . Brian look at the two of they . life be tell he , and he know it 's time to go . portrait of a man who will not get what . he want . David note the poetry in he friend . brian ( lean in close to David ) you will never know the exquisite pain of the guy who go home alone . because without . the bitter , baby , the sweet be not as sweet . have a good time . he exit like a champ , a glorious sad -sack , with a hand flourish . david the sweet and sour speech again . int . party Julie gianni dance , she eye close , she hand around a strange man 's neck . ext . sofia' apartment __ night they stand nervously out in front of she apartment . in the distance , rain . david a lot of people be scared of height . it 's not the height that bother I , it 's the impact that terrify I . ( off she look ) I will not stay long . she laugh . it be never he decision to make . 29 int . apartment - night she switch the light on in a artfully messy city girl apartment . a life be live here , a bed on the back - room floor , a bag of trash on the counter , lamp be askew . she make no attempt to clean it up . he soak in the detail , include some miniature doll that occupy she kitchen and shelf . sofia hey Paulo ! a large goofy dog come run at she , and then proceed to slather David with love too . david I be glad he protect you . this be a lethal canine . sofia ( from other room ) I love live here . and I refuse to clean up ! david no problem . sofia I have get to work around the clock to keep this place . David ease the dog away as he examine the oddly exquisite doll . he grab a look at she in the other room . a bit of leg between boot and skirt . as he admire the doll : david so you be really a dancer , huh ? sofia for 14 year . but I do not dance like you dance . she laugh to herself , steal a look at he . turn away . int . kitchen - night sofia do you want something to drink ? david sure . David look at she refrigerator . a note read : call dad ! a odd epiphany occur as he see the collage of photo 30 that represent a hard - work , hard - earn , commit and passionate life . shot move across the photo . a young girl live a young girl 's hard - work and happy life . Group photo of co - worker . a few from a vacation . a whole new cast of character , all commit , and they all look invite to he . and one gloriously random photo of she in cabo San Lucas , raise a toast with friend . david I like you life . sofia well , it 's mine and you can not have it . David examine a humorously embarrassing vacation photo of a sloshed sofia , a guy 's arm reach for she breast . dedication read : to sergio ! marry I ! david I do not want to know the story behind this photo . who 's sergio ? sofia it 's a nickname . david you nickname be sergio ? sofia it 's a long story , and we do not know each other . david so many secret . sofia that 's because I be really a arm dealer . david I have never know a arm dealer . sofia you do now . what about you ? what 's you nickname ? David freeze . and then decide what the hell - to tell the truth . david citizen dildo . 31 sofia you be not stay over . david ( still stung over nickname ) never run a company . stay a artist . stay a arm dealer . sofia oh please . somehow , I can not play the violin for you . ( beat ) although . it must be hard control all that people 's life . everyone at that party be connect to you for survival in some way , it seem . David look at she , mentally assess she level of guile . sofia ever be marry ? david no. ever accept any of you 12,000 proposal ? sofia ( playful , self - deprecate ) 12,008 . no . david and you move to New York . to dance and paint and act and deal arm . sofia right. ( go through CD ) do you want to hear Jeff Buckley ... or vikki carr ? david Jeff Buckley ... or vikki carr ? both - simultaneously . he continue look . flashes of the photo on she refrigerator . sofia everyone say " do not go to New York . " but I just think good 32 thing will happen if you be a good person with a good attitude . doncha think ? he regards she . he 's a little restless , and a lot enchant . be she for real ? sofia you think I be naive . he decide she 's for real . he turn back to the photo on she fridge . david no . I really do not . david ( v.0 . ) I dig she completely . somehow , I have find the last semi-guileless girl in New York City . sofia I have to get to sleep . truthfully -- I be also work morning as a dental assistant . david ( to himself ) Boy , be I go to the wrong dentist . mccabe ( v.0 . ) and you do not immediately want to sleep with she ? david ( v.0 . ) well you know - I be a pleasure delayer . mccabe ( v.o. ) ( interested in he romantic style ) how do that work ? david ( v.0 . ) ( toy with the shrink ) pleasure delay ... you do not know ? you keep the relationship casual until the absolute break point . and then , one night , or afternoon , or morning ... it could be month from now ... oh , you know how it work - 33 his vision move across the bright blue sky of one of sofia 's photo . a single crimson cloud . int . psychiatric unit cell - , day -- the next week / interrogation # 2 David sit with the mask , face mccabe . mccabe be hang on every word . mccabe - actually no I do not . I have be marry for twenty - two year . david ah , you have get dinner with you daughter . mccabe that 's right . I do . david back then I have intricate system with woman you would not believe . mccabe like ... what ... david hey Doc . do not get all melancholy over the thirty second you be single a long time ago . mccabe that 's what you think I be do ? david yes . mccabe well , you may have a point . let 's continue . time be not we friend . int . aaron's cublicle / psychiatric unit - day Aaron watch David , a 17 - inch television on a stool to he right . again , strangely , it be " to kill a mockingbird " that he 's watch . we hear audio from the movie through the glass . int . live room night David with artist 's notebook in hand . across the table , sofia hold the other notebook . 34 david just we shortcomings . that 's all we be allow to draw . sofia ( confidently ) I have never draw such a true likeness before . david mine 's finish . sofia already ? hang on . okay - do . sofia offer she draw . it 's a caricature of a good - look guy surround by money , car and very thin girl . he snatch it , study it , and what he see hurt he in surprising way . david ( embarrassed laugh ) Jesus . that 's how you see I ? sofia maybe I do not add enough money -- david no . it 's wonderful . it 's something you would see on the wall of a steak - house in hell , but it 's wonderful . sign it . sofia 's face fall a bit . she see she 's hurt he . she take the draw and sign it , a little guilty . sofia let 's see yours . david no . she grab it . its a rich portrait , fill with detail , humor and style . she be rock by its elegance . sofia wow . I feel bad . ( regard it carefully ) you say to draw a caricature . david I know . I could not . I see you like that . 35 sofia well , it 's very good . david I will sell it to you . sofia you monster . how much for ? david one kiss . she smile . something be develop between they . david that smile be gonna be the end of I . sofia ( serious ) and what happen when you friend call you tomorrow ? david he only meet you a few hour before I . he would do the same . sofia I see that friendship be important to you . david it be . but as he best friend , I also know that he 's try to finish a novel about inadequacy and rejection . so the longer I stay , the better it be for he career . sofia smile , shake she head . and yawn . sofia you career be one I would worry about . David look down . she 's hit a nerve . sofia I be sorry - david no , no . you be more right then you even know . I use to be one of that guy who be just 36 snowboard through he life , with no focus whatsoever . sofia when do you change ? david ( pause , confess ) about five minute ago . sofia ( direct , slightly whimsical ) every pass minute be another chance to turn it all around . David shake he head a little . her word strike right to the heart of he . dissolve to : int . sofia' apartment - night - later sofia be asleep on the sofa . clothes still on . David gently stroke she hair . Television in b.g . it 's one of that late - night infomercials , and it 's ridiculously compelling . the perfect thing to bond over on a great , linger date . interviewer on t.v. and to that who think that you be a charlatan ? older man on t.v. I understand . the perception of a head freeze somewhere wait for reanimation - it sound like science fiction . sofia what be you watch ? david it 's the great show ... it 's call " sofia . " sofia look at he and smile . they look back to the television . on tv infomercial a charming look older - man discuss eternal life with a television interviewer . 37 sofia ( off t.v. ) I have see this thirty time . david we do a story on this guy . he own half of Arizona . sofia be he a fraud ? david how would you ever know ? sofia good point . interviewer on t.v. can you unfreeze a human life ? older man on t.v. take the case of benny the dog . benny be a dog who be freeze for three month , and thaw out to live a normal life . sofia oh , well that 's comforting . it 's safe for benny . I be in ! David move closer to she . sofia we better watch out . they regard each other , and David get up off the sofa . it 's true . the promise be too great to not savor it , and walk away for now . thrill remain in the air . sofia where be you go ? david I leave my number on you fridge . he make a courtly bow and turn . she feel the loss of he company . sofia come here , I want to tell you a secret . he pause a moment , and turn . in this instant , a fleeting instant , it 's the oddest thing . he can see they entire 38 life together . he return to she . tentatively , she grab a quick sweet kiss on he mouth . he stay for a extra moment , kissing just she upper lip , leave no doubt as to the potential of they future . and then ... very close she say : sofia I mean that to be you forehead . David stand . he look around the small apartment . david thank you for the inspiration . I will now attempt to run my company , show compassion for the seethe throng of my partner who root quietly for I to fail . she look at he , quite aware of he personal and business crossroad . silently , she root for he like crazy . david for thing you do not even know - thank you . I be go to go to work . I have a company to run . sofia pleasure delayer . he be still somewhat stunne by the evening , and the girl . he actually want to run he company . ext . sofia' apartment - day David slip out onto the street . it 's shabbier than the allure night - time version . he would never notice , or care ... because David be a man with a brand new buzz . the city be he . everything good and great suddenly feel inevitable . life feel like a great pop song . behind he , a car with its light still on start and advance alongside . behind the wheel be julianna gianni . julianna David aame . David lean on he car , turn and shake he head . david Julie gianni . you be follow I . julianna only a little . I want to finish what we be talk about . 39 david and _- jul ianna how would it work out with we moth girl ? do she turn into a butterfly for you ? david yes she do . julianna but I can see from you walk that you do not sleep with she . David turn . julianna let I see if I can guess . you have not sleep with she because ... it 's more fun when you can draw it out . sex just be not as good if the woman have not tell all she friend she would never sleep with you . david you be right on the money , Julie . julianna she must be exhaust from try to be witty for you all night long . david hey , Julie . jul ianna sorry . you be just never there for you friend until they have already give up on you . david I be not blow you off ! I just want to be alone for a little bit . trust I - I have a lot of thing I gotta take care of . if we be friend , which we be , you will understand . julianna ( simple , honest ) I be sorry I get weird . I miss a audition and I just feel bad 40 you do not invite I to you party . it zing he . David turn , consider she . julianna do you want to make it up to I ? I will not tell a soul . slowly , he be draw to she . his old self rally one last time . he get in the car . int . julianna's car -- early morning the street be empty . she play a CD of a romantic sweet pop track with a feeble vocal . julianna would you do a story about I if I make a CD ? david sure I would - julianna do you like my music ? david ( win , truthful ) it 's vivid . julianna if I be not I , I would buy a CD by I . david well , you know , if you can reach one person . julianna be a little hurt , hide it well . julianna what be happiness to you , David ? david ( consider ) what be happiness ? julianna for I , this be happiness . be with you . David do not look at she . she speed up , slowly . 41 ju.lianna one thing bother I . why do you tell Brian I be you fuck - buddy ? david I do not tell he that . I do not say that . julianna when do you stop caring ? david ( watch the road ) about what -- julianna about the consequence of the promise you make . david promise - I think we have a understanding . julianna do you know how hard it be to pretend to be you " buddy ? " I love you , David . you fuck I four time in one night . you have be inside I and I have swallow you come . that mean something . david Julie ... julianna four time , David ! that mean something . four time . he grab at the wheel . she will not let go , and speed up . david stop the car ! she pick at thing on the dashboard , as she talk with a manic energy . julianna twenty -four hour a day I live with the aching possibility that you might call I to do something . 42 david ( caring , almost . plead ) take I to you house . we will talk this out . I want to see where you live . I want you to stop the car , Julie . I want you to stop the car ! julianna do not you know , David ? every time you sleep with someone ... you body make a promise whether you do or not ? profile of david aame JR . who turn slowly to face she . all he see be haunt blue eye . he know at the very least , there will be a crash . she gun the accelerator . he be paralyze , unable to alter he fate . julianna tell I something , David . do you believe in God ? sweet pop music swell . she burst the barrier of the wind road , and the car sail into a embankment of a road below . all sound disappear , as we hear a new kind of music . ethereal , almost wondrous . this music continue . to black ext . central park - hall of tree - day - dream David walk the hall of tree . it 's the gentle seductive whoosh of a new day , the way the world sound when you be in love . vibrant . alive . ironically rich in the beauty we all take for grant when we be not in love . he look impossibly draw forward to sofia , who stand wait to meet he . sofia hello . he steal a kiss . they both feel like they be get away with something . david you be amazing . hello . sofia do you get to work alright ? 43 david yeah , well , actually ... I have a horrible dream . sofia you dream you would never see I again . david I leave you house . I go to the car , and my friend the stalker have be follow I . sofia Julie . david yes . she follow I down the street . she want to talk , and I have that buzz ... from you and I , and I think my mind be on that terrible draw of I ... and , you know , I get inside . and she drive I off a bridge and commit suicide with I in the car . sofia I think you be go straight to work . david but I survive ! I survive with my arm and my face reconstruct . and what 's worse I could not wake up . sofia ( shushing ) how be you house after the party ? david what party ? a party ? sofia the party . remember ? Red dress ... strappy shoe ... I spill something on you shirt ... sweet and sour ... and the saddest girl to ever hold a martini . he look at she , completely lose and spacy . 44 david ( v.0 . ) my dream be a cruel joke . they taunt I . even in my dream , I be a idiot who know he 's about to wake up to reality . if I could only avoid sleep , but I can not . int . david' apartment - day the alarm clock go off . a hand shut it off . he look at a model plane by the side of the bed . david ( v.0 . ) I try to tell myself what to dream . I try to dream that I be fly , something freeing . it never work . view in shadow , he rise out of bed . mccabe ( v.0 . ) be that the only thing that you dream ? jarring flash / racing thought - dream sequence walk down a hallway , a pretty woman with red hair beckon . on a motel floor , David writhes in pain . int . prison psychiatric unit - night - ( interrogation # 2 ) david I do not ... I do not remember . mccabe do you dream about the car accident ? int . bedroom / bathroom - morning feet. into slipper . he shuffles down the hall . David in the dark bathroom . he pause , and reach slowly for the light . as in every previous occasion , he have be reveal in the mirror . but today , view over he shoulder , we see that the mirror be now a wooden cabinet . david ( v.0 . ) here 's what you remember from a coma . nothing . 45 int . hallway to kitchen -- day he shuffles down the hallway , see from behind , a little heavier , a wool cap on . there be no shiny surface around the house . Music continue . mccabe ( v.0 . ) what happen next ? david ( v.0 . ) what really happen ? what , do not you read the file ? I be out for three - and -- a-half week . my face and arm be shattered . my jaw be break in four place . no surgery could be perform because of the coma . you can not feel the darkness , or the numbness , you can not even feel . back to unit david and then ... I come back to life . just like that dog , benny . benny the Dog . mccabe ( nod , know ) benny . benny the dog. david except my life be no longer normal . there be blind migrane now ... int . prison psychiatric unit - night - ( interrogation # 2 ) mccabe continue with David . david . nerve damage . why ? this be how big business operate . a random accident . a " lifestyle mishap ? " they be not coincidence . how do you think air-tight contract be break ? this be power upheaval . mccabe I be from Ohio - we do not have power upheaval . 46 david and they be in the news every day , right . between the line . someone do this to I . my father write this in he book , you know . chapter one , page one , paragraph one . what be the answer to 99 out of a hundred question ? money . int . live room - day David from behind , on the phone . he strain to be casual . his head hurt . intercut int . office _. day Thomas tipp , the drunk truth - tell employee , be on the phone . David 's empty office in b.g . tipp David David David . I do not want to worry you , I be hold they off . but we have get a situation here . the by-law of the board protect you 51 % vote only if you be mentally acute . now I be sorry that poor girl die , but you have give the board a real gift with you mishap . they would like to declare you " incapacitate . " but you be back , and you sound good to I -• so let 's fight the fucker ._. and have a full recovery . and maybe you should let people see you . I mean , the last time we be together you be in a coma and you be very fuck rude to I . you do not say a word . camera reveal the extent of David 's facial damage . david yes , well , the rumor of my death have be mildly exaggerated . david ( v.0 . ) who could I trust ? the ant be take over the ant-hill . who could I trust ? 47 ext . new york STREET - day sofia serrano walk down a New York street in sensible shoe . just another part of the work force . to we unseen follower , she be most beautiful when unaware she 's be watch . shot continue parallel to she . she stop , see someone she know . a truck with several pane of glass pass by and stop in traffic . her image blur behind the glass , but visible to we in the window be David acme . his heal face be dot with stubble . he wear a wool hat . he look noble , a assemble victim , a modern miracle . he look like many thing . but he no longer look like David aame . the truck move through frame . int . hospital conference room - day a dash - look surgeon drip with confidence , dr . pomeranz , talk with David . dr . pomeranz the cranial structure be base on thirty pin fastened by small panel and bit of bone from the mandible ... and it seem the cartilage graft have maintain you cheek structure . unfortunately , because you be in a coma , immediate plastic surgery be impossible . david ( v.0 . ) doctor . they power be in jargon . so you study up ... david be that the procedure for all bilateral periorbital hematomas in a lefort III fracture of a comatose patient ? dr . pomeranz ( pleasantly surprised ) in a lefort III - absolutely . the potential for sub-cranial brain damage be too great . david ( v.0 . ) . you do you best . David consult a list he 's make . david and beyond the cheek graft , Dr. pomeranz be , be the pin fastened 48 with any kind of aluminum which could ionize and cause that pressure in my head ? because I be ready for another operation . angle shift to reveal three other doctor in the room listen . dr . pomeranz yes , we be work on process . but it ... you be specifically not at the stage where we can experiment -- david experiment . use I . dr . pomeranz the headache will go away - david this be more than headache . this be like a steel plate slice through my every think . dr . pomeranz we be not cowboy . we can not , just wing it . david because I can not think straight most of the time . dr . pomeranz we can increase you medication . david yes. medication . dr . pomeranz and there be thing we will continue to investigate . but there be so many other who have not be able to benefit aesthetically from plastic surgery as you have -- david this be not about vanity , Dr. pomeranz ! ( keep rage bottled ) this be not about vanity . this be about function in the world . 49 it be my job to be out there function . I have get the money , and I will pay any amount . invent something . play jazz . you say you be the best face man in New York City . Fucking prove it . other doctor we could do something about you arm -- david fuck my arm ! Dr. pomeranz look over to a young assistant . dr . pomeranz nobody here take you feeling for grant . we do prepare something for you , base on the preliminary examination . david tell I . bring it on . dr . pomeranz it 's sometimes useful in the early stage of rejection . it 's a facial prosthetic . it be two week in the make . the assistant open a black - leather bound box . in it be the mask - mold from David 's own face , lock into a pleasant , bland expression . david a facial prosthetic . dr . pomeranz the aesthetic replacement do work . emotionally , and actually . other doctor ( helpfully ) and the plastic in the aesthetic shield also filter out abusive ray , and assist in the regeneration of cell . david so it 's a aesthetic regenerative shield . 50 dr . pomeranz that 's correct . exactly . third doctor and the ergonomics of the plate - barrier allow it to reflexively interact with the movement of you own face . david I see -- dr . pomeranz it 's a helpful unit . david good . because for a minute there I think we be talk about a fuck mask ! dr . pomeranz ( beat ) it 's only a mask if you treat it that way . david no it 's great . this completely take care of Halloween . but what about the other 364 day of the year ? dissolve to ext . museum of natural history build - night families line up watch the ritual blow up of the balloon the night before Thanksgiving . Parents hug child , detail the magical event of a autumn night . sagging balloon come to life - david ( v.0 . ) a new form of I begin to take shape . int . david' apartment live room -- day David by the window of he darken apartment . the macy 's Thanksgiving Day parade pass just outside he window . the top of Homer Simpson 's head float by . we be a world away from the lively apartment that once host he swinging birthday party . 51 david ( v.0 . ) I plan my re-emergence like the normandy invasion . take - out box , catalog order with new clothes , comic book and magazine with rip - out page fill the live room . int . david' apartment live room - day a memo be place on the floor of David 's live room . shot pull back to see he have cover the entire floor of he live room with memo and paperwork from aame publish . he stand regard all of this information , stoop and wear he bathrobe . intercut int . bedroom - night David stand in front of the bathroom mirror , practice aloud . david sofia . sofia . sofia . sofia . sofia . sofia . int . david' apartment live room -- day david Pov ( v.0 . ) I will just say it - I do my homework . I read every memo . Thomas tipp be right . people will read again . int . apartment - day David stare at he screen . dishevel , in underwear , he eat red-- vine licorice and m&amp ; Ms. david ( v.0 . ) I attend the monthly board meeting of the Seven dwarve by video hook -up . oh , baby . this be war . on screen before he , all seven , and Thomas tipp too . shot move in on screen . we can feel the cool tension of they imminent takeover . David twitches , feel it physically . david because nobody 's buy book let 's invest ... my father be a adventurer . 52 David sit in the middle of he office . push in on the white tape that cover the camera on the top of the monitor . intercut int . bedroom - night David continue practice aloud . david sofiaaaaaaaaaaa . serrano . david ( v.0 . ) I grow stronger in way I have never know before . and on December 5th ... my plane fill the sky ... the return of David aame , Jr. citizen dildo . int . dance studio - day sofia dance at the end of a long day . a few other leave for the day , try not to stare at David . sofia be there alone . for a moment , we share she solitude . she practice ballet , twist and turn and landing in frame , look just past camera . she freeze . she catch sight of David , undisguise . and she begin dance again . harder . do she even recognize he ? he move closer , attempt a easy - go persona . we hear nothing but the sound of he heart pound , in odd counter - rhythm to she dance . finally she stop . david you will not believe this ... but this be I smile . she laugh a little at he strange new humor , keep a brave front . sofia it 's be a long time . I try to see you but you people would not let I . david I do not want to see I , okay . but then I wake up today and finally , a good hair day . David fight anxiety , smoothes he coat . 53 david you want to go out , you want to do something ? sofia ( convincing herself ) sure . david what ? sofia let 's go out and do something . david this weekend . I will cancel a operation or two . we will have fun . because I be all about fun . she kiss he cheek , pull back quickly , and as she exit ... he see she fight tear . int . bathroom - night David 's mirror be restore . he study himself . raise he arm higher than he have be able to . in the next room we hear conan o'brien welcoming : conan ( o.s. ) . please welcome , benny the Dog . int . bedroom - night David watch conan . the owner of benny sit with benny himself . he wear a t-shirt read : l.e. benny be not the most excitable dog in town . in fact , he seem rather spacey . conan ( o.s. ) I have so many question . to start off , tell we all just what have happen to benny . what 's benny be through ? older man / owner benny fall into the water near we home , and be freeze in the skykomish River . and I go fishing , think he would go three month earlier ' , and there he be in a block of ice , and ... David grab the phone , and dial a number . 54 conan ( off the dog 's complacency ) he be thaw out , right ? laughter on the t.v. Riding the buzz of what he 's watch , David dial . david hey listen , it 's David . I be back in you life . I see you earlier tonight . I be just watch we old friend benny the Dog on ... on conan ... and I think of you . ( laugh ) whatever . I love see you today . so I will see you soon . you be a great dancer ! he hang up and feel instantly mortify . he look at the phone in he hand . to black int . club - night David move into the thick of a high - energy neighborhood dance club . he wear a facial prosthetic . in the darkness , he do not stick out , not much . he spot sofia and Brian , chat , wait for he . the sight of the two together recall happier time . sofia be dress down . Brian , on the other hand , have never look better . his clothes be nicer . he wear they with confidence . David have practice a open joke , clap he hand together . he will be try too hard , all night long . they regard he in the mask . sofia ( a little too big ) hi! brian ( equally big ) hey . david what be you drink ? sofia nothing . 55 brian I be in the mood for cheap sugary overpriced rum-and -coke . you want one ? david ( spread arm ) be there any other kind ? brian I will go get we some - sofia where 's the bathroom ? brian behind ... over by the place next to the door by the chick ... I mean , girl who look like bjork . she leave . David turn to Brian immediately . david you look good , man . how 's you book ? brian take it off . david I can not . it 's a facial shield . it 's a antiseptic prosthesis to stop infection . this fuck doctor . brian ( with all love ) take off the mask ! it 's freaking I out . david I can not . it 's my face . this be my face . brian oh no . trust I . it 's a little different . david hey , if you be embarrassed , just go . nobody ask you to chaperone 56 brian sofia ask I . david she do not want to be alone with I ? ( Brian regret he word ) that 's bullshit . because I think I be be pretty fuck cool about the whole thing . brian talk to a shrink ! or you can call I sometime , instead of hide in you apartment . do not take it out on a girl you only meet once . david ( stung ) do she say that ? I meet she " once ? " do she say I meet she " once ? " Brian look away . he 's say too much . brian cut it out . I miss the old you . we all miss the old you . because the new guy be shit . David turn away . the perfectly wrong thing to say . brian oh. man. wait . that come out wrong . I love you - period . how 's you arm , man ? David shake he head , move toward the bar . david fuck you , Brian . how about no more sympathy ? how about if that 's the deal we make with each other ? okay ? David shake he off , go to the bar , and rip off he mask . his head thud from a migraine . david gimme a budweiser and a shot of tequila . 57 barman ( avoid eye contact ) what kind of tequila ? david what do you say to I ? barman ( lean closer , still look down ) I say - what. kind . of. tequila . david why do not you ask I to my face , bitch ? the barman look up , expressionless . david patron . if you have it . on david - later watch sofia and Brian from a distance , talk as friend . david another shot , another Bud . he throw bill on the bar . barman no . this be on the house . david why - barman ( odd compassion ) it just be . bitch . David look across the club to see sofia . a clubgoer guy whisper something in she ear . she shake it off . he pound down another shot at the bar , this time with the barman . david patron ! David regards a video monitor behind the bar . someone 's camera be fix on sofia dance with Brian , and another good - look Young man . she playfully shove the good - look Young man away , not unlike the move that win David 58 over lo that many night ago at she apartment . he pound back another drink . int . club bathroom - night weaving at the urinal , David pee . squeeze he temple to ward off a headache . clubgoer # 1 dude , fix you face !! the clubgoer laugh . David laugh too . suddenly , he feel better . int . club - night David move through the crowd , power by a new sense of belong . the music swirl , and take he along with it . he dance wildly . in the strobing darkness , he be anonymous , move with the group , lose as one . David take the mask and pull it over he head , backwards . in profile , he two face stare in opposite direction . David see he moment . sofia be alone near the corner of the club . he approach she . david hello again . sofia hello again . david idea . let 's start all over . he regards she for a moment , see she apprehension and discomfort . david how about if you help I ? unless I be horn in here - ( beat , do she ) you be . but the food be good . he continue , take a step . david see , I have get a little problem . I have get a stalker . ( do she ) it do not sound life - threaten . ( do himself , self - deprecate ) I need a cover . I need for you to pretend we be have a 59 scintillating conversation and you be wildly entertained . I know it 's tough . ( do she , with head nod ) I will improvise . sofia ( a touch playful ) I do not talk like that . david she 's right across the room and she 's burn a hole in my back right now , be not she ? sofia Red dress , strappy shoe ? david that 's right ! they head be close together , look off into the club . David do not notice that sofia be have a hard time play along with this game . she be overwhelm , hold it in . David continue . david I think she ' 's the saddest girl to ever hold a martini . sofia ( about to burst ) David -- david be you okay ? sofia no . david what 's wrong ? be it I ? sofia I will tell you later . david come on . tell I now . something 's wrong . tell I everything . let 's talk about it right now . 60 sofia I will tell you in another life ... when we be both cat . David look at she . his eye flash at she choice of word . perhaps there be hope . sofia stare at . he , worried about he sanity as he go overboard with he praise of she turn of a phrase . push into close - up as they struggle to deal with the discomfort of this moment . david I do not believe you just say that . that. be the best thing I have ever hear . that be hilarious . God , that just kill I . the way you say that . see - that 's what I love about you . " I will tell you in another life when we be both cat . " ext . club STREET - night David , Brian and sofia walk swiftly down the street in silence . David weave . they be anxious to pretend it be a wonderful evening . sofia well , this be where I leave you . brian wait . I will walk you to you door . sofia no , I live just around the corner . brian I have get my bike here . sofia I would rather walk . david do not be a drag . can not you see she want to go on she own ? brian shut up , you be drunk . david I may be a idiot , but I be not drunk . brian 61 sofia seriously , I do not need you to walk I home . thank you . brian okay then . so . we will call you . sofia ( unconvincing ) great . we will go catch a movie or something . sofia so . we will meet up soon . the word sound a lot like goodbye and they both know it . david we will meet up soon . sofia turn and run away . david ( lack all pride ) we will call you again to go out with I ! brian we will call you . David and Brian walk on . Brian turn back to see sofia run to the corner . brian well , it 's be a real blast , David . I bid you good evening . david where you go ? brian my bike . it 's back over there . we will hang soon . bring you mask if you want . I be get use to it . david wait a minute . brian ( stop ) what ? 62 david ( shrug ) I do not know . brian you drank a little too much . call I tomorrow if you want . david tomorrow I will wish I be dead . brian ( start in sofia 's direction ) no you will not . you just need to sleep . david hey ! brian ( Brian 's itching to go ) what ! david what do you say to Julie gianni the night of the accident ? brian what ? david you tell she she be a " fuck buddy . " brian never . david and she be a little more than piss about it . brian ( a little guilty ) have you be harbor this shit all along ? I never talk to she . david whatever . I mean - who be I , if I can not . be the one who tell you you be not ugly ? aw , give I a courtesy laugh . come on ! Brian shake he head , start run . 63 david Brian !! I be so fuck up . I be just so fuck up ! Brian stop one last time , irritate , at the far end of the street . david we be best friend ! we be bros ! Brian need to rid himself of David . he turn and run in the direction of sofia . David feel the deep pang of rejection . breathe hard . his head hurt . his body hurt . david come on , man , we be bros . beat . he sprint down the middle of the street after Brian . ext . club STREET / sofia' apartment - night David run frantically , heartbroken and sobbing . he mind Brian catch up to sofia . she turn , relieved . they kiss messily , hungrily . her shoe arch to reach he height . David run the street , near she home . the image be tear he mind apart . he stop and lean against a car , unsteady and nauseous . holding he head in pain , he manage to run further . David stop on the street outside she apartment . his sob overwhelm he . he drop to the pavement . he pass out , mouth agape . the empty street visible in the b.g. , he hand loosen its grip on the mask . fade to black woman' voice open you eye ... open you eye ... ext . sofia' apartment -- early morning David be pass out , the mask be still clutch in he hand . a Butterfly cross frame . a hand enter , rest on he shoulder . 64 woman' voice this be a cheap ploy for sympathy . David wake up and look into the kind face of Julie gianni . julianna boo ! he recoil . his vision sharpen . in the morning shadow , with increase focus , we see that it be actually sofia . david no , I be okay - david Pov sofia examine he with a look of concern and understanding . everything take on a clear and sharp focus . behind she be a beautiful vanilla sky . sofia and it work . get up . david ugh - sofia ( help he up ) that 's right . I agree . ugh . david this be a joke . sofia ( touch he cheek ) David . I be not go to lie to you . I like the way you look . but if you do not pull it together , I will forget the other guy . you know that . other guy - you ? david ( groggy ) I be still that guy . I be still that guy . sofia speak with rapid-fire conviction , as if she might change she mind if she think about it too much . sofia I do not . have a mother - savior bone in my body . it 's not about that . you be come inside . but if this 65 turn out to be a big mistake , I do have the ability to fall out of love with you - ( snap finger ) - like that . she help he up . david I be still that guy . sofia shut up . david ( v.0 . ) we create we own world together . we versus . they - david where 's Brian ? sofia he go with you , do not he ? david ( shaking head at he own paranoia ) I think you guy hook up . she stop in profile with he . she 's astonished at he jealousy . then : sofia ( raw truth ) I wish you have not get in the car with that girl . david ( a long apology be come ) sofia ... I be ... she cover he mouth , nose and face . only he eye remain . sofia you eye apologize better . come on . portrait of the two , she lead he to the door , the crisp glycerine morning overhead . 66 sofia Holy God , this be go to change my life in a zillion different way ... I must be nut . david ( v.0 . ) - and we be quite a pair . her believe in I . I believe that I deserve it . we hear the sound of voice , human voice howling like dog . ext . prison - night prison . human voice , howling like dog . int . prison hallway -- night David be lead down the hallway to he appointment , past many door 's with thick window and howling prisoner . Aaron pull he along . they arrive at the psychiatric unit .. mccabe be visible , stand , deep in think through the door . int . prison psychiatric unit - day - ( interrogation # 3 ) mccabe hold he drawing , stand . David be seat . mccabe I see you have not be waste you time . do you ever draw anything else ? all the drawing be of sofia , draw in a similar fashion . David be a little jumpy , a little amp . he move to the window . the yard be fill with prisoner . david no . mccabe do you sleep last night .? david no . I do not sleep . mccabe I have get to leave early today , so you will have to be brief . now . what can you tell I about the name " ellie ? " david ellie ? mccabe be that a girl you know ? a girl you be in love with ? david I have only be in love once . mccabe apparently , you keep repeat it last night . you do sleep , David , and you advisor say you cry out , you have a nightmare . david everything be a nightmare -- mccabe you cry out for " ellie , " David . do you remember what happen ? david no ... no ... mccabe dig deep , David . dig deep . you cry out for ellie . what do you remember about ellie ? show I you face , David . help I . open the door . David rise and go to the prison window . angle on mccabe in powerful frame , lower shot capture he powerfully . mccabe ( digging deeper ' , aching to help ) it 's true you have a accident . it 's true you be disfigure , but not anymore . do you remember ?! ( with certainty ) they do fix you face . take off that mask , David . you will see you face be perfect under there . david I never trust the doctor . what happen next be surreal . that same arrogant bastard , Dr. 68 pomeranz , call I and suddenly he be my new best friend . shot of dr . pomeranz friendly with outstretch hand , stand in front of x- ray dr . pomeranz ( warmly ) David ! hey , my brother . I feel . really bad about we last conversation . close on david david he would discover a new form of reconstructive surgery , with the help of a doctor from Berlin . on doctor from berlin who bow to camera . doctor from berlin hello . close on david - continued david the next thing I know they shot I full of drug I would never hear of and away we go . int . surgical theatre -• day David be wheeled down the hallway on a stretcher . he be high on tranquilizers , sing " one of we . " the doctor be all smile . david ( singing ) what if gawd be one of ussssss ... " david ( v.0 . ) the odd , they say , be one in three that the headache could be reduce by 50 % and facial tissue could be regenerate . 69 int . surgical theatre - day David be strapped onto a plank head for a metallic capsule . we hear odd noise and see high -- tech detail of the operation . laser beam criss -cross he face . shot move to the video playback of the operation with this legend beneath : capture . a assistant doctor capture Polaroid frame . david ( v.0 . ) I could not tell you what they do . it seem like science fiction to I . doctor ( v.0 . ) he 's go to be one good - look guy when I be do . a Polaroid still of David in mid-operation roll out of the print-machine . david ( v.0 . ) obviously , I be suspicious . would not you be ? int . prison psychiatric unit - night - ( interrogation # 3 ) David and mccabe both sit against the wall . mccabe listen intently . mccabe suspicious of whom ? of what ? david once you have be drive off a bridge at 80 mile a hour , somehow you do not invite happiness in without a full body search . mccabe well , at the risk of boring you , I can present the alternate argument . I once know a guy who be a real loner . and one day he wake up at 40 , with two daughter who light he life up with purpose . suddenly he go to endless school play , he get home at 9:20 for the evening discussion , and he have the time of he life . his favorite Beatle be once John , and now it 's Paul . 70 david I always like ... George . mccabe it all depend on the individual , do not it ? tell I . what 's happiness for you ? int . julianna gianni be car - dawn - flashback julianna what 's happiness to you , David ? int . prison psychiatric unit - night - back to present david how about another question - mccabe well , you will not show I you face . so back to the time - line . hurry . let 's move through this . int . david' apartment - dusk there be tension in the air . David 's face be cover in high - tech facial plate . he sit at a table near the window . sofia stand . sofia you have get to take the plate off , David . david I do not want to know what 's under here . sofia it 's go to be fine , you will see . david I already call pomeranz and switch it to Wednesday . sofia I hope that shrew at the front desk give you shit about it . david I will go in the morning . the car will be fix . she advance , take he face in she hand . she tug at the corner of one of the plate . 71 sofia good , because I know that the problem would not be you delay something you be dread . david could not be that . sofia nooooo , it could not be that . she pull off one of the plate . sofia I mean , I agree , it 's very important to have ... she pull off another one of the plate . she grow a bit emotional . sofia . the right car ... she pull off another one of the plate . tearing slightly . sofia . to take you where you want to go ... 24 hour a day ... quadrant by quadrant , he face be restore to a pale - skinned and tender ... perfection . david how bad be it ? sofia well , you ear be in the right place . and the rest of it be ... not too bad at all . tenderly she kiss , and hug he . int . david' apartment -- dusk sofia and David make love , look into each other 's eye . sofia do you love I ? I mean , really love I ... because if you do not , I will just ... have to kill you . david in my next life I want to come back as this mole - 72 ( point out mole between she breast ) - seriously , this mole . I mean , you will have to wear bikini top to work , or loose - fitting shirt so I can breathe , but - sofia I love you . I love you . I love you . david - I could live right there . sofia be this a dream ? david oh absolutely . she grab he face , kiss he ... a powerful moment , like few other in this life . ext . village STREET - day portrait of the couple together , move down the middle of the street on fresh snow . david ( v.0 . ) we talk about the big thing , the little thing , and the big thing . but in truth , with sofia , it be the in - between time . int . florentine's bar and grill - day sofia laugh . a perfect laugh . David admire she , sit next to she , hold she hand . theirs be the unmistakable closeness of a couple in the first real throes of a sexual relationship . they share a giddy open secret . across the table , we reveal Brian . he 's get a tiny high - tech camera . sofia speak sweetly and passionately to David in Spanish . David reply knowingly - " si " - every few word . it 's a deep communication . she exit . brian what , do she say ? david ( in love ) I have no idea . Brian shake he head . 73 david how 's thing , Brian ? brian Fine . David 's face be huge in the Brian 's viewfinder . david how 's thing , Brian ? brian do not flatter yourself . I be fine . besides - sofia be great , but by no mean one - of -- a-kind . she be a proximity infatuation . Brian , naturally suspicious and somewhat jealous , spot a writer at a nearby table make note . brian ( to writer ) and do not use that , it 's mine . the writer look bust . david where would you get the camera ? brian I be into thing ... you have no idea . david well , as long as you be okay . brian and anyway , we be friend , be not we ? david always . David offer he hand . they shake . david be Pov David 's gaze move to a 40 year - old man stare at he with a bemuse smile . a plate of food sit in front of he . his eye suggest a pierce intellect , he look at David with deep familiarity . David can not quite place the face . 74 brian hey what 's up with you face ? fuck , there 's a seam open or something ! david ( mount horror ) what - what be you talk about ? Brian laugh . the spell be break . Friends again . david you asshole ! int . david' bathroom - night David sleep next to sofia . he sit up , take a glass of water from the night -stand , admire he girlfriend and move to the bathroom . int . bedroom / bathroom - night he turn on the light , fill the glass with water . look up into the restore mirror . his face be disfigure . he recoil in terror , knock against a towel rack , sink to the floor and grab a look at a shiny surface on the lower cabinet . sofia bolt upright . she see he on the floor across the room , see he face and back up in the bed , lean on she arm , scream . int . david' bedroom - night he awaken suddenly . sofia be next to he , smile . sofia be I snore ? david ( still breathe heavily ) no , I think it be I . thirsty , that 's all . she kiss he hand reassuringly . sofia I be dream about you . mmmmmmm . he get up and go to the bathroom . 75 int . bathroom tentatively , he flip the light on . a very relieved David regards he restore face . he shut off the light quickly , and fill the glass of water . splashes some water on he face . int . bedroom David climb back into bed . sofia david ( small laugh ) I could listen to you say " mmmmm " for the rest of my life . sofia they kiss . the kiss expands , as he move to the back of she neck . he caress she body . she kiss he fingertip . her back to he . tangled in sheet , they ease into lovemake with the perfect fit of two body mean for each other . he gently grab a handful of she hair . his hand stop . it 's not sofia 's hair . he slowly turn she face to he , and we glimpse David over the shoulder of the woman who be not sofia . he leap out of bed , fall to the floor , the sheet tangle around he . he turn on the light . Julie gianni hide she face from the light , like a night animal catch in the intrusive glare of day . when she speak , it be with sofia 's cadence and accent . julianna ( scared , uncomprehend ) baby , what 's wrong ? he gasp for breath , back away . totally terrify . paralyze . in a low voice : david where . be . she. julianna who ? his instinct be to protect he lifeline sofia - and he pounce on she with a manic will to survive . 76 Julie gianni look a little loopy , almost stone . taunting . julianna ( taunting , sweet ) I be sofia . int . bedroom -- night - minute later David dismantle the phone , take the cord . he tie she willing hand to the post of the bed . she protest oddly , like a actress play a part . david now I be go to make sure that I tie this four time . do you know why , Julie ? because four time really mean something . David pull he pants on , frantically open the wardrobe closet . no sofia . go to the kitchen . no sofia . Julie sob quietly , sweetly , tie to the bed . she behave and act like sofia . julianna David , do not hurt I . David return and sit across from she on the bed , terrify and barely hang on . david okay , I be freak out . it work . so just tell I right now - where be sofia ? julianna I be sofia . david in one minute I be go to call the police -- julianna ( heart break ) do not do it , honey . david I know you would survive the accident . she look at he with tearful eye . julianna what. accident ? 77 david whose body be it ? who 's the one who hire you ? the Seven dwarve ? julianna I have not have any accident ! david no , of course not . it be not a accident at all . it be attempt murder ! julianna honey , please . he pick up the phone . dial 911 . david Police Department ? I have capture a intruder who 's enter my home . he turn to she . her eye be yearn . int . police station / interrogation room - night the flash of mug shot . we see David sit , sweat , agitate wait in a Police station hold room . suddenly , the door open and Thomas tipp enter , flanke by other detective . tipp guy , can you give we a minute here ? detective Larson ... detective andrew ... thank you . the room empty , and tipp approach David . david they think that I have something to so with this . tipp I be go to handle this exactly the way you father would have handle this . I have get it solve . david you have get it solve ? where be she ? tipp she 's go to be fine . David hug tipp . 78 david thank God you be here , man . I love she . tipp yeah ... now , I want you to look at this photo and then I be go to destroy they . sofia 's testimony be also in here . it will not exist . she 's not go to press charge . david Press charge against . I ? tipp David , wake up . as you friend , I think you should see what you do to sofia . the press will not get hold of this if you get . away quickly . David lean back in he seat . it 's all of they - everybody - against he . tipp open a file thick with paperwork , two computer disc and photo . he display a photo to David , move it into the light so he see it clearly . Julie gianni , batter . david this be Julie gianni . that 's not sofia . this be Julie gianni . I do not do that do that to she . ( beginning to shut down ) Tommy , someone 's set I up . tipp David , the board and I have take care of everything . they have be really great , actually . all of this be go to disappear . we be all behind you ... even the board . David look at tipp . it 's very clear now . he 's one of they . David attempt calm . tipp ( quiet , helpful ) get out of here . a migraine be thunder in David 's head . his world be spin backwards . 79 int . police station -• night David stride down the hallway . a man in a crystal blue sport coat stand , wait . as David pass , the man confide a single line - as if smuggle out a valuable secret . voice from other room , include a small child say : " mommy , mommy . " man in blue coat this be a revolution of the mind . int . / ext . police station - night exiting , David be intercept by a furious Brian . brian you be in fuck sad shape , man . do not fuck ever hit a girl , man . hit I , but do not fuck ever hit a girl . David look up -- see a small security camera train on they - pull Brian out of the station . david it be not sofia . it be Julie . brian oh ... it be Julie gianni . so , sofia be abduct by Julie , and now Julie be pose as sofia . david yes . brian you be in O.J. land , man . Julie gianni be fuck dead ! david I do not know what the cop have tell you , but let I assure you - Julie gianni be alive alive alive . brian I do not talk to the cop . I talk to sofia ! david where be she ? brian I just drop sofia off . and I see everything you do to she . 80 david let I tell you something - I do not do that to she . look I in the eye and tell I that it be the same girl you bring to the party . tell I it be you dream girl , you " proximity infatuation . " brian ( raw , finally ) yes ! and you steal she from I ! David back away , as Brian respond bitterly , from he heart . brian the one girl I really want , and you take she from I . you be insane . you be lose it , man . David nod powerfully . he now understand . Brian be one of they too . david you have reveal yourself . brian oh yeah , I be with they . david where would you get the coat , Brian ? where would you get the camera ? how much do they pay you ? brian listen to I , ' cause it 's the last time we be ever gonna speak . I be you only friend . david you have reveal yourself to I . int . florentine be - night David nurse a drink , still breathe heavily . he 's be cry . his head aches with this think - maybe I be insane . a man in a classy suit walk towards he , invite himself to sit at the table . his bedside manner be impeccable . his smile offer infinite compassion . he be the man stare at . he in this same restaurant . he be edmund ventura . 81 ventura problem ? david ( take a sip ) I be in no mood to be fuck with . so do yourself a favor and le - ventura there 's a explanation for all this , David . david who the fuck be you ? ventura you and I know each other . you find I on the Internet . silence . David stare at the man . david what do you want ? why be you follow I ? ventura I be here to help you . and first of all , it 's very important that you calm down . david calm down ? ventura you must overcome you fear and regain control . take hold of you life again . it 's as easy as hold that glass . what if I tell you that you can take control of all of this ... everything ... even I ... David turn to he . david look . I be straight , okay ? ventura David , look at this people . it seem as though they be chat away , do not it ? nothing to do with you - 82 David listen , as he look at the spirite Saturday night crowd , lose in they revelry . ventura -- and yet , they might only be here because you want they to be . you be they God . and not only that , you could make they obey you ... or even destroy you . David shake he head , exhaust and in no mood . he shut he eye , fight off a headache . david ( cut he off ) what I would like they to do be shut up ! especially you ! silence . David open he eye . they be all stare at he . casually wait for order . ventura you see ? David look at he with horror , back away . receding in he vision : ventura you and I sign a contract , David . int . prison psychiatric unit - day - ( interrogation # 4 ) mccabe be taut , follow the thread . his voice calming . mccabe who be the man in the restaurant ? who be it ? david I can ' to -- mccabe can you tell the difference between dream and reality ? david of course . can you ? mccabe think about it . think with you head . you sign a contract , do you not .? 83 racing thought a woman walk down the hallway , look back . flash of papers sign . david I sign something . mccabe be the man at the restaurant there ? mccabe 's voice become infinitely calm and helpful . david fuck ! mccabe accept you body 's resistance . let you head answer . david yes . mccabe that 's right . who be ellie ? david I ... I do not know what 's real . mccabe what happen that night , David ? somebody die . david I do not want to remember . mccabe do you understand that you hold the key to this prison ? david it be not sofia . mccabe who be it ? david no . mccabe who be it ? 84 david no ! mccabe you want to let it out , do not you David ? you be about to tell I . tell I what you heart and soul will not allow you to forget . David shudder . it 's come . mccabe do you kill sofia ? mccabe stand tall , stunne and curious , still press to pull the nightmare out of he . int . sofia' apartment - day - flashback the clown figurine on she stove - top fall over as we hear the front door kick in . David enter , slamm the door behind he . he look around what be once the site of such happiness . the same detail he would glimpse long ago be now horrifying to he . he look at a photo on the refrigerator . the same note : call dad ! the exact expression , exact photograph he would see on he earlier visit . now it be Julie who be in she place . he open she drawer . just some papers . and then ... the draw he would once do of she . now feature Julie . he rip up the draw , and proceed to destroy the apartment until he stop , collect himself . take a breath and ... smash . a lamp be break over he head . Julie gianni bend down to help he . a shard of the lamp - base be still in she hand . Julie 's whole demeanor be that of a different girl . even she voice be softer , almost exactly the knock -around sweetness of sofia . julianna I think you be a vandal . david ( with difficulty ) who ... be ... you ? julianna I be sofia . david you be not sofia ... you be not sofia ... 85 julianna I be sofia . david whatever . Julie start to cry . battle tear , she offer she heart and soul . julianna David , honey . this will all be over soon . we will be together again . you will forget julianna and I will not be afraid of you . let I get you a cold towel . she exit . he struggle to rise . his head be a swirl mess . and then : on kitchen doorway sofia slowly return with towel . her image still blurry . David advance , and faint into she arm . david sofia ? sofia ( whisper ) yes , David , I be sofia . I be sofia . he accept it , all of it , whatever it be , just to hold she . they kiss , gently , then more powerfully . int . sofia' bedroom - day they make love , emotionally and deeply . two body yearn to possess the other . camera move across they body , as David wipe frame to black , as the move continue onto she back . david where be you ... sofia do not answer , do not want to lose the moment . david I do not want to know . ( thrust ) just tell I you love I . David keep he face bury in she shoulder ' . he do not want to look . the passion give way to a mount dread , as he hear a voice almost like sofia 's . 86 julianna ( o.s. ) I love you . I be afraid of how powerful this be . he continue move passionately , harder now . Julie respond to the overwhelming surge within David . she give over to the wave of dark pleasure , riding he like a rocket . from hell . harder now . grabbing she hand and pull they high above she head , clamping down with he own . Julie gianni cry a deep , guttural sound of passion . this be what someone sound like when they be not fake it . and then ... slam ... a pillow come down over she face . david what the fuck be happen ? Julie begin to react to what be clearly no longer a advanced lovemake session . david I want to see you face ! she grab at the pillow . david I want to see you face ! David reach orgasm , sobbing , recklessly out of control . Julie 's body stop kick and settles into silence . he loosen the pillow , and be reward with one last violent attempt at life . her hand smack he neck . he 's so taut it bounce off . she grab at he face one last time , she hand be leave with enough power only to caress he face . she go limp . silence . David 's cry turn to a whimper . he look at the pillow over Julie 's head . he 's confuse , a puddle of jag adrenaline . he do not want to remove the pillow for fear of who could be underneath . he rise up , he elbow across she lifeless chest . with true horror , he know he have to move he hand , but he hand will reveal who he 's just kill . on her torso as he arm move inexorably away from she chest . Quarter - inch by quarter - inch he inch it downward , across the top of she breast ... dread the inevitable , not see it , and then ... there it be . the mole between she breast . int . hallway stair - day David exit hurriedly , past some tenant , down the stair . he look up at he own reflection in the hallway mirror . 87 he look horribly disfigure . we hear the sound of breathe , encase in a mask . int . prison psychiatric unit - night - ( interrogation # 4 ) mccabe sit across from David . mccabe look away , haunt by the admission of guilt . david I do it , do not I ? I do not ... feel ... like I kill someone . I feel like ... mccabe David , who ... david I be in a dream ... mccabe . be the man at the restaurant ? David shake he head . mccabe ( pain ) sometimes the mind behave as if it be in a dream . face change , people become other people . the subconscious be a powerful thing . you treat Julie carelessly , do not you , David ? you feel of responsibility or guilt over Julie might have easily turn sofia into Julie . ( pause ) do you know what derangement be ? david I need you help . mccabe all I know be , you kill you girlfriend and I do not know what 's in you mind . david I need you help . mccabe I would work on this case forever if I could , but we have run out of time . 88 david what will you plead ? mccabe temporary derangement . it 's you best chance . they will not believe I . david what do you believe ? mccabe believe it or not , I care about you . you have become like family to I . I do not want to give up on you . David look at , he oddly . suddenly , the archetype seem very familiar . mccabe continue with the noble concern of a tower father figure . mccabe ( continue ) but I need more . I need a answer . I ... I even think there be more than a good chance someone be play trick on you . maybe it be the board . but I can not exceed my duty here . I be just a psychologist , and I have to leave you . david will I see you at the trial ? mccabe no. I be just the open act . he exit . David sit at . the table as mccabe and Aaron exit . he hear Aaron 's television ; it 's the life extension infomercial . int . aaron's cubicle - night through the glass of the psychiatric unit , we see mccabe and Aaron exit . only Aaron 's television , sit on a stool , remain . push in on the television , which be play the l.e. infomercial . push in on the reverse . it 's David at the window as he realize the true meaning of " ellie " -- l.e . he bang on the glass , at first slow , then faster , yell for mccabe . the l.e. infomercial and benny the Dog be reflect on the window . 89 david mccabe !!! mccabe !!! come back !!! come back !!! int . prison corridor - day mccabe hustle down the hallway with David . mccabe stand tall , move forward , like atticus finch with Tom Robinson . int . car mccabe watch David closely . Aaron the Guard turn to look at David behind the glass partition that separate they . David look out the window at the world he 's miss . ext . plaza - day the police vehicle pull up in front of a crowded business plaza . mccabe exit with David . always watch he every move , he every revelation . David look upward at the tower skyscraper in the center of the plaza , rise high into the sky . int . skyscraper - day a Building Guard guide they through the lobby . mccabe train on David . a look between the two . a Building Guard intercept they . mccabe ( to Building Guard ) life extension Corporation , please . guard what - mccabe ( a look to David ) l.e . we hold a court order . david I think I have be here before - mccabe stride purposefully past the Building Guard . Aaron show the pass , and hustle to keep up . int . skyscraper-63rd floor /l.e . outer office and hallway - day the elevator door open to reveal a very pleasant and peaceful environment . comfortable loung chair . on the reception station be write - l.e. and underneath it the word : life extension Corporation . two more Guards meet 90 they . mccabe watch David , as Aaron release he from the handcuffs . the group move together . sense be overwhelming David , as they approach the reception station . david her name be Libby . a stun young woman rise and move to greet they . libby good morning . I be Libby . I be here to assist you . Libby stare at David 's mask face . it 's slightly unsettle to she . mccabe he 's my son . he 's very shy . libby ( smile professionally ) you be not . with the media or part . of any legal consortium , correct ? mccabe no . libby welcome to life extension . have a look at we proposal . please follow I . she -offer they two bound folder feature the logo - l.e. - and guide they down the hallway , look back with great style , beckone , just as in David 's dream recollection . mccabe ( to Aaron ) you can wait out here . libby you will be meeting Rebecca dearborn . ( aside ) my personal role model . on hallway wall contain monitor with video- tape " tour guide . " talk head express the conviction of life extension . compassionate , expressive people . the bit of they testimonial echo phrase from David 's own life . 91 patient # 1 .and I be not a " true believer " by nature . but the older you get , the more you see the flow of the future , and I make a choice ... patient # 2 . why not embrace the future ? I believe the research - the future be in the union of the spiritual ... and the scientific ... annoy at everything around he , mccabe pull David onward . int . life extension office - day aame and mccabe sit and wait in a warm wood - panele office , proposal in hand . a glimpse show word like re- evolve and re-experience , pepper with colorful photo of simple , life - affirm portrait of everyday life . it 's well - appoint and well - markete organization . mccabe regards David as the victim of a lunatic 's scam . injustice fuel mccabe . mccabe ( continue , scoffing ) " cryonization - a journey of be - awaken after the preservation of the human body at extremely low temperature . " david they laugh at Jules verne too . mccabe ( a little sadly ) David , you be not - account liaison rebecca dearborn enter with paperwork . she be a electric presence . efficient , caring and oddly compassionate . dearborn Mr. mccabe , how be you ? I be Rebecca dearborn . ( quick notice of mask ) life extension , or l.e. as we like to refer to it , be a glimpse of the future ... a ticket ... not in the juvenile sense , but in the deeply meaningful sense that can only be borne in the human heart . 92 the DNA code of the human body have be break . soon , heart ailment , cancer and so much more , will be a thing of the past . very simply , you anguish ... you discontent ... even you death be no longer necessary in a traditional sense . whatever malady that hide behind that mask ... be temporary . she look directly at David , and it stir he . mccabe study she , and the operation . he thirst for clue . David flip through the folder - toward the back , a panel of photo of storage tank . lavishly and warmly photograph , just like next year 's car in a magazine . dearborn within a hour of you pass , l.e. will transfer you body to a vessel where you will be seal and freeze at 196 degree below zero . power outage , earthquake , nothing will effect you suspension - hibernation . mccabe do you sign this contract , David ? David look down at pamphlet , look up . david what 's the " lucid dream " option ? dearborn good choice . the lucid dream be life extension 's newest option . for a little extra , we offer the cryonic union of science and entertainment . mccabe ( rueful , skeptical ) " cryo-tainment . " dearborn spread apart the paperwork on she desk to reveal a thin video monitor build into the glass table - top . aame and mccabe peer into the table -- top as dearborn press play . dearborn some find this presentation helpful . 93 intercut on monitor - the presentation a appeal presentation begin -- man 's life . a generic happy - look man with graphic float out of he mouth : re-emerge ... . re- store . re --invent ... a voice take over for dearborn . a wonderfully comforting tone be present in the narration . like that of a parent . narration portrait of a modern human life . american , male . ( highlight stage ) birth. ( highlight another stage ) and death . imagine that you be suffer from a terminal illness . you would like to be cryonize , but you would rather be resurrected to continue you own life , as you know it now . l.e. offer you the answer . upon resurrection you will continue in a ageless state - preserve - but live in the " present " with a future of you choose . video monitor -- the presentation push in on a door that open to a panel of steel compartment . Music and atmosphere be seductive and compelling . narration ( cont ' D ) you death will be wipe from you memory . you life will continue as a realistic work of art , paint by you , minute - to-minute . and you will live it with the romantic abandon of a summer day ... with the feel of a great movie , or a pop song you always love . with no memory of how it all occur , save for the knowledge that everything simply ... improve . and in any instance of discontent , you will be visit by technical support . 94 video monitor - the presentation shot of Edmund ventura hold a life extension folder in he arm . graphic read : tech support . narration ( cont 'd ) it be all just around the corner , the day after tomorrow . monitor - the presentation the word : life , part two drift onto the screen , obscure the phase mark : death . narration another chapter begin seamlessly , a live dream . life extension 's promise to you . life -- part two . dearborn a live dream . mccabe you death will be wipe from you memory . I guess I miss that one in USA today . David sit , reeling from the revelation he may be live a lucid dream . david . a dream ... what if there be a mistake ? what if the dream become a nightmare ? dearborn of course , you subconscious can always play trick on you . the subconscious be a very powerful thing - side - angle cu mccabe sit forward . he turn to David with great strength , worried for he . mccabe do you sign a contract with this people , David ? dearborn ( continue ) - but this be a serious business . the lucid dream be worth the risk . 95 and what be any life , if not the pursuit of a dream ? the dream of peace . the dream of achievement . the dream of hearing someone say this word , when they truly mean they . David be deeply move as he listen . somewhere , music begin to play . it be the Beach boy ' " good vibration . " dearborn I love you , David . Te quiero . roam free , David . most of we live we whole life with no real adventure to call we own . it 's hard to comprehend - but they laugh at Jules verne too . david dearborn this be a revolution of the this be a revolution of the mind . mind . close frontal shot of david aame David pull off he mask . he run out . int . life extension corridor - day David storm around the corner from dearborn 's office , yell , rave . david I want to wake up ! I want to wake up ! Aaron grab for he . David wrench free . david tech support ! David run down the corridor and into the elevator , Aaron chase after he . david it 's a nightmare ! the door shut . Music rise . int . empty lobby - day David run out of the elevator , into the empty lobby . shot crane up to reveal he be utterly alone , reminiscent of the much - earlier Times Square shot . 96 david tech support !! Music stop . we hear the ding of the elevator . close on david who turn and approach the elevator , exite frame . int . elevator - day David enter the elevator to see Edmund ventura , calmly wait . ventura David aame . I think it 's time we have a proper re-introduction . I be Edmund ventura from the oasis Project , formerly life extension -- • l.e . david tech support . ventura yes , I be you tech support . we first meet 150 year ago . david oh shit . you sell I the lucid dream . ventura smile . david well , what the hell happen ? ventura I try to warn you in the bar . I tell you to exercise control , that it all depend on you mind . all of this , everything be you creation . and we be now head toward you true moment , of choice . david " true moment of choice ? " ventura yes . david when do the lucid dream begin ? 97 ventura remember the day of the nightclub ? david ( try to remember ) yes . ext . sofia' apartment -- night - flashback David be collapse on the ground . his mask clutch in he hand , pass out . rhythmic score . ventura ( with importance ) that night , when sofia leave you and you fall asleep on the pavement , that be the moment you choose for the splice ... david ( remember the word ) the splice ? fade out on mask the mask have tumble out of he hand . ventura splice . the end of you " real " life and the beginning of l.e. 's lucid dream . a splice of many year which pass while you be freeze and dream . fade up on mask a moody day dawns . David 's mask be just outside the reach of he outstretch hand . on david passed out on STREET sofia 's hand reach in , and awaken he . everything be suddenly a little more vivid , a little more super-real . sofia open you eye . they walk away , down the street , into a beautiful vanilla Sky . sofia slip she arm around he shoulder , as we have see earlier . ventura from the moment you wake up on that street , nothing be " real " in 98 a traditional sense . you lucid dream be monitor by life extension , and a panel of expert who follow you every think . even at this moment . int . elevator - day the scene continue as David aame ride the elevator . the compartment now rise above the first seven floor to reveal they be travel upwards in a exterior elevator . other skyscraper pass by outside the window . ventura forgive I . I be blow you mind . David look down with dread . david I be not a big fan of height . ventura I know . ( continue ) we erase what really happen from you memory . david ( reach to understand ) ..erase ? ventura replaced by a better life under this beautiful monet-like sky . david ( recognize piece ) my mother 's favorite . ventura that 's right .. a better life because you have sofia . on sofia and david - flashback walk down the center of the Village Street . ventura and you sculpt you lucid dream out of the iconography of you youth . 99 a flash of familiar image from the life and psyche of he youth . mirrore in David 's life in moment we have already see . ventura a album cover that once move you ... david a album cover ? on bob dylan and suze rotolo the cover of " freewheelin ' Bob Dylan . " same pose . same street . ventura a movie you once see late at night that show you what a father could be like ... on to kill a mockingbird - movie clip atticus finch sit at the breakfast table with he kid . on curtis mccabe and david aame in unit - flashback the exact pose as mccabe and David talk in one of they prison conversation . ventura or what love could be like ... on sofia laughing at table of florentine be - flashback her head hold high , laugh . on jeanne moreau - movie clip laugh in the same way , a moment from " Jules et Jim . " int . elevator - day the compartment hurtle upwards , rise higher than the surround building . ventura this be a kind woman , a individual , more than you equal . ventura nod wistfully . he fall in love with she a little , too . 100 ventura you barely know she in real life , but . in you lucid dream , she be you savior . on david - slight push try to remember , feel the flash of truth in brief moment . and then a brace , challenging realization that something go wrong . david what happen in my real life ? something happen . what do you erase ? ventura do you really want to know ? high angle shot of david almost nauseous david tell I everything . ext . nightclub STREET - day Match push in on David rise to he foot . his disfigure face thunder with a massive migraine . the exact . shot we once see as David and sofia walk away together . this time , David be alone . ventura the morning after the nightclub , you wake up on that street , hang - over and along . you get up and walk away . you never see sofia again . david I do not kill sofia . ventura no. on david - in elevator he can not remember any of this . and then ... ventura you battle you board , the Seven dwarve , for control . in the end it be Thomas tipp , you father 's 101 friend , the one whose job you save , who wrench the company back in you control . int . rise publication - day - flashback David exit the company elevator and return to aame Publications . tipp be out in front of the employee and staffer who welcome he back . david ( warmly ) Tommy . ( vague memory ) but then ... somebody die . int . david' apartment - night David sit in front of the computer in bad physical shape . ventura you long for sofia . you shut yourself away for month . you be alone . you could not take the pain anymore . headaches ... you could barely function . david I find you on the Internet . I sign the contract with you . and then ... int . motel --- night -- flashback aame take pill , collapse . Music play . push into close up on david in elevator david I remember ... it come back to he , powerfully . david somebody die . it be I . on david in body bag -- flashback it 's zipped up . 102 on cryonic tank -- flashback the plastic-wrapp body of David aame be slip into a tube , which be clamp shut . a Christmas tree in the background , as music continue . ventura and on a day in late December , you give yourself to we . you be now in a suspend state . int . david' apartment • -- memorial - day Friends and family clog the old apartment . Shelby look out into the hallway and see a old acquaintance . ventura you friend Brian Shelby throw a three - day memorial in you old home . he be a true friend . int . david' apartment - day sofia venture into David 's apartment alone , take in the environment and remember the best moment of she brief encounter with David . ventura you be miss , David . she move into close - up , and we see the wonder and the joy of a perfect love , nearly attain . she soak in the beautiful , painful mystery of life . ventura it be sofia who never fully recover . it be she who somehow know you best . and like you , she never forget that one night where real , true love seem possible . flashback - day David contemplate get into the car with julianna . he make the choice that . will change this , and he next life . ventura consequence , David . it 's the little thing . int . david' apartment -- day sofia exit the shot and we be leave with a empty frame . 103 on david -- in elevator David turn from look out the window of the elevator . david ( tear in eye ) the little thing . there 's nothing bigger , be there ? ext . rooftop - day David and ventura exit the elevator onto the rooftop . ventura you subconscious do create problem . you dream turn into a nightmare . the glitch have be correct . david so all I have to do be imagine something ? if I want mccabe to come back , right now - mccabe come fly out of the door . mccabe David . listen to I . this people be dangerous . we be in trouble . we need to get off this roof now . mcc david who turn from mccabe to ventura . ventura lead David away . ventura we be now on " pause " . and you be about to return to you lucid dream ... mccabe " pause " ? ventura ( continue ) .. with all of the upgrade . you will not remember any of this , nor be charge for the technical support . it be now you moment of choice . you can return to you lucid dream , and live a beautiful life 104 with sofia , or whomever you wish ... or you can choose the world out there . ventura gesture to the city beyond , as they come to a halt . close on david david the world out . there . and you can bring I back , just . like benny the Dog . close on ventura the client be start to understand . ventura yes . just like benny the Dog . you face and body can now be fix , of course . but it 's very different out there now . you finances will not last long . you panel of observer be wait for you to choose . ventura gesture into the camera . he begin walk backwards to the roof 's ledge . ventura there be no guarantee . but remember , even in the future , the sweet be never as sweet without the sour . David see that Brian Shelby have now join mccabe on the roof . he nod to Brian , who nod back . david how do I wake up ? ventura the decision be yours . ventura glance over the edge . david and I choose this scenario , do not I ? 105 ventura ( enjoy that he understand ) yes , to face you last remain fear of height . mccabe David , do not listen to he . you be right . this be the Seven dwarve . it 's a set up ! you can not trust he . David look at mccabe with compassion . ventura do not feel bad , David . this win man be you creation . it 's in he nature to fight for he existence . but he 's not real . close on david who look on with compassion . mccabe fight for himself . mccabe I be real . I have two daughter . you know that . ventura what be they name ? mccabe I - I -- close on david who feel for mccabe as the apparition crumble . mccabe mortality as home entertainment . this can not be the future . can it ? David regards mccabe . once dynamic , mccabe now seem unsure of he own existence . slowly , always look at David , he settles into the truth of he very be . with great nobility , mccabe shove he hand into he pocket and face he own destiny ... or lack thereof . mccabe ( quietly ) Goodbye . 106 ventura it 's be a brilliant journey of self - awaken , and you have simply get to ask yourself -- what be happiness to you ? close push in on david aame his moment of realization . david I want to live a real life . I do not want to dream any longer . ventura any last wish ? david let they out there read my mind . ventura I wish you well , David . Music rise as he turn to see sofia . he move to she . she touch he cheek . his face be restore . they embrace . david look at we . I be freeze , and you be dead . and I love you . sofia it 's a problem . david I lose you when I get in that car . I be sorry . she look at he , beguile and understanding . david but remember what you tell I once ? every pass minute be another chance to turn it all around . she kiss he . sofia I will find you again . she regards she lose love , take he in . David treasure he last moment with she . 107 David take a breath and begin back to the ledge . david I will see you in another life when we be both cat . David back up and begin to run . he arrive at the edge , look down at the distance to the ground , stop himself at the precipice . he look back to sofia one last time , and then leap out into the celestial future . for a fraction of a moment , he be suspend in mid-air . and he hurtle to the ground . and the ground hurtle to meet he . series of image it be the little thing , the random poetic instance of David aame ' life that come back to he . Music rise as he realize , finally , he own true poetry and humanity . the image topple onto each other with the rhythm of he heartbeat . Father . mother . a casual glance of a stranger . all combine to give he life meaning . and then , finally , we see the face of the one person who give he purpose in this life ... and the next . sofia . to white : the sound of a breath . a gulp of life . someone 's heart be beat . a woman' voice relax ... relax , David ... open you eye ... a eye open and the pupil dart to the right and leave . life again . a woman' voice open you eye . the end