vantage point by Barry L. levy this material be the property of columbia picture ( " columbia " ) , a . E '' & | ve division of columbia picture industries inc . and be intended and . restricted soley for columbia : NOV - a 2005 personnel , distribution or : disclosure of the material to unauthorized person , or the sale , copying or reproduction of this columbia story dept . material in any form be prohibited , third draft November 4 , 2005 madrid , spain - present day still 1n black ; we hear chatter , voice talki no over other vo.ce . in the background a television further fill -- rex ( V. 0 . ) and here we go in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , and -- int . CNN producti on truck - day tight on producer rex brock ... as he spearhead the broadcast team pex be the alpha ; drive , aggressive . beside himis he associ eat producer , grace rgss . gace be resilient , a vital quality for work wth the hard - dri ving rex -- in front of themis a bank of mntor . each be mark ; a , B , C , dand '' onair 's . fill the '' on AIR 's monitor be reporter ang E nederlander , stand j ust inside the northwest gate , wth she back to Plaza mjor -- ang E ( qn screen ) ( be : to in studio news anchor ) ... thank you , mark. |’ mstand just inside Plaza Major in Madrid , where crowd have / ine up for the kick off of vhat be certain to be a / andmark sunt . qer the next 5 day , President ashton wll be meeting wth / eader fromal ! of the european Union country in the hope of bring the continent together in the ongoing war against terror . it be the belief that together , véstern | eader can once and for all put a strangl ehold on international terrorism dognitary from France 's Jean Jacques Pierre to russi a 's viadnir phiechnov be on hand for this historic event ... rex let 's bring hi mup . as Angie continue -- the '' onair 's monitor split , wth Angie on one side and MARK REI nhart in the newsroom on the other -- MARK ( on screen ) tell we , Angie , what 's the nood there ? ang E ( qn screen ) for the nost part : hopeful . certainly everyone here be synpathetic to that who lose love one in the recent bonb . |! do , however , speak to delegate fromtwo country , both of whom anonynousl y , take a hardline -- ( conti nued ) cont ! nued : rex wat 's 's she doi no ? ang E ( qn screen ) -- suggest that the US foreign policy have to bear sone of the responsibility for recent event . rex Christ !! Kevin , shut she down -- now ! | meki at el y kevin cross , the board operator , begin speaki no into he mcrophone ... and we see Mark , in the newsroom subtly get word fromhis ear piece -- MARK ( on screen ) ... that 's great . thanks , Angie . you will have to keep we inforn . as Mark conti nue ... Kevin slide another of the 4 caneras into the '' on AIR 's slot . the phone ring and Grace answer -- rex ( into he headset ) -- Angie ! what the hell be that ? ang E ( qn screen ) not everyone love we , pex -- rex thanks for the geo-political temperature , ang . vw have talk point , try stick to they -- grace ( hand rex the phone ) br uce . rex ( to Bruce ; on the phone ) yeah . | do . you want to tell she ? fine. ( hang up ; into the mic ) listen up , everyone . no one . repeat : no one be to veer fromscript . the eye in the sky be watch and he 's take name . Luis , what do ! just say ! ?! on the '' on AIR 's monitor b-cam ( luis ) feature a series of protestor . anti-american poster in hand , the protestor shout at the camera . ( conti nued ) conti nued : ( 2 ) grace ashton 's here . gace point to another tv as pre ! dent ashton have arri ved , move through the crowd . escort himthrough be secret servi . ce agent thomas barne and kent taylor and several other . wile we initially gravitate to the President , we eye be quickly draw to barne ... a man try to regain he sea | egs . -- rex point -- a face he will never forget -- rex kevin that 's barne -- -- Thomas barne ? rex wy do not we know he be here ? ( @ace st anmer ) vé should 's have have this . kev , pull the archive , see what we get ... ( gace look dow , crestfall en ; into he microphone ) -- Angie , we be comng back in 20 . w're here for the conference , not the side show . that go for everyone : lui 's -- on b-cam -- where Luis still have he eye on the protestor . rex ( cont 's D ) -- be you go to nove , or what ? Kevin , get himout of there ! grace Fifteen second -- rex the slight mistake could screw we al ] up ... 1 do not care if protestor set thensel ves on fire . let that be tomorrow story . for today , we all know the plan . stick toit . Angie , that mean you ... ang E ( qn screen ) hey , |’mcool wth censorship . 1 ! know the american people love that . rex goddam bal ! buster ... ( into the mic ) W be lead wth acam in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 - - ( conti nued ) conti nued : ( 3 ) qn the '' on Al r’ mon tor -- servi ce agent step into the presi dent ashton and h S secret Plaza -- ange ( qv screen ) thanks , Mark . pre arrive and he 's gr make he way up to latest word fromhi forgo a golden oppo . rex Angie ... ! ident ashton have j ust eet onlooker as he the podium the 's staff be that he will rtunity to speak -- ange ( qv screen ) -- allow no Spanish joaquin gutierrez t here today ... rex Christ . bcam lui on the b- cam moni tor -- as thousand fi rex ( conti C , D - - be ready with wde . D , you ’rein wth the leader a qn the '' on Al r’ monitor -- EU ! stand together . behind and al ! Prime mnister of address the crowd ss , give I crow . the screen -- oo ) h the podium C , go close ... we will start id end wth the Mayor . ropean leader and_ DI gni tari es around , securi ty personnel rb ) hover . all eye on the presi dent . rex ( conti that 's it . good . God ... alri ght . ... manuel do soto , the mayor of madrid , step forward , prepare to greet presi dent ashton . rex ( cont alittle nore , B. push in . conon , lu rb ) more . more to the leave . be , in . God boy . ( under he breath ) ... it 's like traini throughout rex 's rant , we fol agent as they | ead presi dent President shake hand , rex ( cont ( to Kevin , be : Kevin , where be it no a freakin’ dog . ow wth the secret servi ce ashton across the Plaza . the kiss baby , etc . see barne -- td ) bar ne ) ( cont ! nued ) conti nued : ( 4 ) kevin ( as he order up the foot age ) -- right here ... Kevin motion to the playback nonitor , wth the tine - date stamp over a year ago as archival footage unfold -- rex ... je@sus -- grace -- where 's he be ? rex shake he head ; no idea . he stare at the screen , fascinate as a man charge the President and barne di ves in front , knock ashton out of the way as he [ barne ] take the bull et . rex ( under he breath ) | can not believe he 's back . kevin if we be the only one who 's have get it , this could be huge .... rex ( shaking he head ; no ) he will not talk . a year ago , we have hii , and that guy who save Reagan -- grace mccarthy -- rex -- all of ‘em total hero piece and barne want nothing to do wth it -- grace that be then -- rex and this be now . v¢é have we story -- ( back to the microphone ) a , give I a single . '' , wder . dcam -- stay where you be . Kevin , keep it novi no . ashton climb the stair to the podium and nove in to greet the Mayor ( do soto , before turn to the other DI gn tary . ( conti nued ) conti nued : ( 5 ) rex ( cont 's D ) ( to Luis ) b... where be you ? | want to set up for the intros -- lus ( qs . ) -- at the podi un ? rex yes , at the podium ( to gace , be : Luis ) goddam local hire . Luis , right there . vé 's be come to you . no sooner do he say it than do soto step in front of the microphone . m one side of himis President ashton , on the other side be Prime mnister joaquin gutierrez . mayor do soto ( qn screen ) Buenos tarde ... vél come . thank you al ! so much for be here ... this be a wondrous day . today , we make history ! applause erupt . beat . as De soto continue -- rex a , give I sorething else to work wth . ( he wait ) God , hold it there , a Angie , when this be over , |’ mgo to want a fifteen second fill , something to wap it up -- ang E and should | praise faci sn ? rex ang E chri st . it be never this bad after 9 / 11 , rex . never . I have be in Afghanistan , Iraq and chechni a -- rex that 's a Bruce conversation , ang -- ang E -- then let I talk to he rex be my guest ... ( under he breath ) ... if you can get himon the phone . ( conti nued ) conti nued : ( 6 ) applause fill . gace watch as rex exhales , turn he attention to the on AIR nonitor . do soto ( qn screen ) ... wth this in mind , | offer you ny gty , my heart and ny hope ... De soto step back , applause erupt . ashton step forward , he wave . rex be ready . C , |’ mgo to want you to start pull back -- slowy , slowy -- qn the '' on Al r’ monitor -- we remain on President ashton , big smile , as the applause overwhelm . just then -- bang — and again shot ring out and -- pre ! dent ashton goe dow rex ( cont 's D ) qh , ny God ... rex swallow hard , try to catch he breath . on grace ... then kevin , both stare , in disbelief . all at once we see ( on the four DI fferent moni tor ) : - on a-cam -- we watch as chaos fill the plaza people run in every direction -- - luis ( b- cam turn he camera around , search for the shooter along the back wall of the building -- - dcam capt ure the handlers scurrying to protect the vari ous DI gni tari es and leader - - - on c-cam..we see a man ( enrique ) as he j unp onto the podi um rush toward the President -- grace rex wo be that -- ... what 's he doi no --? bef ore enri que make it to the president , barne stop he westling himto the ground as TW other agent take over -- grace cc cam push in -- -- barne rush toward the President -- ( cont ! nued ) conti nued : ( 7 ) rex Luis , turn around . ( be : enri que ) Luis , followthat guy ... C , stick wth the presi dent . a group of agent lift the president , carry he out -- rex ( cont 's D ) this be insane -- barne return , stand alone on the podium bark order - - -- rex watch , as the camera inch closer , before | ook back at a-cam rex ( cont 's D ) Angie , where be you ? ( no response ) angi e... a- cam what the hell 's 's go on ? kevin rex -- Kevin poi nts to a-cammn tor , be Angie | ook ratt ! ed. rex angi e , we need you , sweetheart . ange ( qv screen ) gve I a ninute -- rex vw do not have a ninute . ( beat ) Angie , you be a goddam CNN reporter , act like it !! ( gi ving up ) d- cam what 's the probl en ? do sorethi no . qn the b- cam moni tor -- where the secret service remove a gun for rom enri que . rex grace qh , ny God . he 's get a gun . I meki at el y , secret servi ce throw enrique off the podi um -- D - cam @ for D . ( conti nued ) conti nued : ( 8 ) rex hold on , D. Luis , get we closer ! Angie , move you ass -- ang E | can not . rex wat do you mean , you can not !? i’ mpretty sure you do better than this in jenin . ang E | just need a mnute here , rex , alright ?! in the background , we hear a unseen explosi on out si de t he Plaza -- rex ( look at the monitor ) wat the hell be that ? dammit , dcam turn it around , find wnat that sound be . Kevin , get playback go , we will need to uplink everything we 's have get . on d-cam ..as he spin toward the outside of the Plaza -- grace ( hand rex the phone ) Bruce -- rex yeah . | tell she ! look , |’ mtire of be in the mddle -- rex spot a few wsp of smoke come over the top of bui | ding from dcam as he continue wth Bruce -- rex ( cont 's D ) -- you want to tell she , then tell she . q@herwi se , hang on . he slam the phone down as ccam capture the pre ! dent bei no load into a anbulance . except we can not quite see -- rex ( cont 's D ) no nore call . '' , you 's have get to do better -- C cam ( v.0 . ) they 's be not let I through . wat be | suppose to do ? ( conti nued ) 10 . conti nued : ( 9 ) rex fl gure | T out !!! silence . gace and Kevin and the other | ook at rex ; timid . rex ( cont 's D ) Angie , listen to I . | knowthis be tough , alright ? | know but you 's be at ground zero . | need to know what it look like ... her lip quiver as she |ook at a young mother ( marie ) and daught er ( anna ) be separate by the crow . marrie rush toward she daughter -- screaning -- and fall . Angie wat ches in horror as this woman be run over by the mass . as she speak , rex order Kevin to start airing wnat she 's say -- ang E ( qv screen ) it look awul . people be run scared . ( be : Marie & Anna ) there 's a young nother , she 's lose she daughter . they be get tranpl ed . it 's horrible ! wthout hesitation , Angie run for Marie , reach to pull off she mic as she go -- rex do not take that off !! Angie ! -- before she even get to Marie , Marie be swallow up in the crowd -- rex ( cont 's D ) this be a pulitzer . conon , Angie ! a goddam pulitzer ! ?! talk to be ! ange stop . she hesitates . unsure of what to do . rex ( cont 's D ) Angie , please . | need you to put it back on . you gotta get to Luis . ke 's northeast of the podium ang E -- this be people , pex -- rex and you ow it to themto report what 's happen . people need you right now ... they need you to do you job ! ( conti nued ) 11 . conti nued : ( 10 ) beat ; Angie nod , tearfully . she 's not happy about it , but she 'li go . rex ease back at the sight of she nove -- rex ( cont 's D ) thank God . qn the b- cam moni tor -- where enrique be bei no interrogate by two other secret service agent , matthevs & jankomski - - rex watch , catch a glimpse of secret servi ce agent thovas barne & kent taylor on the edge of the screen . pex lean forward , speak into he microphone -- rex ( cont 's D ) Luis , see if you can get I the other two agent . ( Luis turn the wo way ) they 's be behind you , Luis . Luis swng the camera 120 degree to find barne & taylor talk . wth they back toward himhe steer closer , we get a look at barne , the intensity be hard to miss -- rex ( cont 's D ) a year ago , this guy could 's have walk away ... -- as Luis draw even closer , we pick up they conversation -- barne ( qv screen ) ( to tayl or ) there be sorething else in that window . - grace rex wndow ? wat wo -- Kevin , find I that window . as Kevin wheel he chair , rex watch as on screen ... tayl or exit and barne turn to a third man ( obscure ) -- kevin ( be : the play back deck ) here . rex turn to Kevin as he rewnd through the footage , pass shot of the back annex -- rex there ! let 's see if we can find what they 's be look for -- as Kevin press '' play , '' the phone RI ngs -- ( conti nued ) 12 . conti nued : ( 11 ) rex ( cont 's D ) do not touch that . grace it could be Bruce -- rex it be Bruce . just man the board . ( to kevi n ) ... start again -- again , Kevin ready to press '' play '' button when out of the bl ue the m crophone blowout . rex | ook over to the master as -- -- a explosion rock the podium the ground erupt . every - thing be blow to bit . the m crophone scream then crackle - - rex ( cont 's D ) Jesus Christ ... on the a- cam moni tor -- all too graphically , ange have be throw back . unconsci ous . grace qh , ny gd. Angie !! kevin this be crazy ... the a- cam caneraman stagger -- clearly out of sort -- as he move next to she . he try shaking she . rex | ook away . grace Kevin , pull a ( Kevin hesitates ; to rex ) rex , you be not go to show this . the phone ring again . they stare at it . grace ( cont 's D ) rex ! ? ( rex look back at the screen ) Kevin , turn it off . rex grab the cable , pull the a-camnonitor cable fromthe feed . the screen becone entirely snow . the pick up and immedi atel y hang up the phone . they be free of nui sance . rex ( to gace ) do not say a word . ( more ) ( conti nued ) 13 . conti nued : ( 12 ) rex so D ) ( wat chi no b- cam Luis , go back ... no response . FromLuis 's ( b- cam canera , we see that Enrique have run off but we hear nothing . the canera , like the secret servi ce , search the Plaza -- rex ( cont 's D ) Luis ? Luis ! ?! ( no response ) shit. Luis ... -- just then Luis 's camera find Enrique . enri que 's run , wth two secret service agent , ( jankomski & parson ) , pursue . Luis race to keep up -- rex ( cont 's D ) ccam cone in . dcam be you there ? no one 's answer ... kevin the blast must have blow the nic -- rex vw 's be lose he .. qn all of the monitor -- rex have get Luis run wth the carrera ( b- cam . Enrique be well ahead of he .. ... @lsewhere ( on d-cam , rex watch the pandenonium pecple cry out for help . some injure . qher 's trample . ...on_a third monitor ( ccam , we see the anbul ance taki no off , wth the pre ! dent inside -- rex stare , helpless . suddenly , he realize -- rex ( cont 's D ) do we have cell phone for the cameramen ? ( as gace begin to say '' yes '' ) gt ‘em they be gonna shut dow this city and we be the only wndowin ... on the door to the producti on truck ... as agent barne rush in . flashes he id barne secret service . | need to see you tape -- rex look -- it 's he rex Kevin . ( cont ! nued ) 14 . conti nued : ( 13 ) kevin -- over here . rex watch as Kevin wheel he chair back over to playback . barne follow . pex stare -- he 's here -- barne | need to see any footage you have of the back half of the Plaza -- Kevin cue the tape . as he wait , barne notice the noni tor which still hold a freeze image of himsave the presi dent . from behind , rex stare , desperate to know what barne be thi nki no . suddenly , it hit he reaching over to gace 's control panel , rex hit the '' prod . truck mc 's -- turn it on . -- gace look over as he as he attenpt to listen . disdain witten clear across she face ; this feel dirty -- grace pex ! rex just deal wth the dam phone -- barne ( to kevi n) stop it there . ( answer he cell phone ) yeah ... about what ? -- dd you call it in ? | have get it . @! ( hang up ; into he mic ) master Command , cone in . master Command . ( reach he cell , he dial ) washi ngton , this be agent barne . master Command be down . m partner be in pursuit of a suspect . W need assist ance out side the back annex ... rex turn to the d-camnonitor . desperate to capture what barne be talk about , he begin bark order -- rex ( into he mic ) D - cam turn around ... d- cam grace ( be : d- can ) he can not hear you -- ( cont ! nued ) 15 . conti nued : ( 14 ) rex -- @ddanmit ! get himto turn it around ! -- rex turn fromthe d- camnonitor notice that barne have back away , head for the exit ; where 's he go -- rex ( cont ' D ) ( to barne ) Wii t ! -- just then barne stop at door , turn around . pex freeze as barne seemingly |ook right at he -- barne rew no that . - rex hesitates before realize that barne have | ook ight through he -- past he -- over to the d- camnonitor as poli ce take to the street -- barne ( cont 's D ) qh , my God . -- rex look over to the monitor as barne race off . he 's strike ; what do barne just see ? rex wat ... what be that ? grace -- | can not get through . look at something , anything that he can use right now -- qn the b- cam moni tor -- we catch a glimpse of a american tour ST ( lewcki ) , a small dv camera in hand , pass before Luis 's lens . he 's run after Enrique -- rex mot she for - - ( st oppi no hi nsel for ) -- even tourist be better at this . as Luis [ B - cam continue , he seem ever nore erratic . people bunp Luis as he try to push past . in ajolt , the canera fall . qrash . the camera 's leave tilt on its side . rex ( cont 's D ) Luis , get up . get up , luis. Luis ... qh , God . this be not happen . grace | get C cam the 's on he way . ( cont ! nued ) 16 . conti nued : ( 15 ) qn the C - cam moni tor -- the canera j ump wth every step . rex , gace and Kevin all stare as the C camcaneraman fight he way north ... finally arrive at Luis 's camera -- kevin there 's the canera -- rex -- so where the hell be he ? qn both B & C cam -- the small girl ( anna ) we see with she mother nonent ago , run into the street , hysterical . grace | get D - cam one bl ock - - ( gace tail off , see anna ) qh , Jesus . C cam whi ps around just as a car narrowy miss anna -- grace ( ccnt 's D ) someone get she out of there ! qn the d-cam mon tor -- enrique run across frame -- through a | ntersecti on -- and then go -- rex there !! he 's right there !! stop. goddamit ! get himto stop -- gace grab the phone , dial quickly . they watch as d-cam draw closer to the intersection . coser still -- rex ( cont 's D ) core on !! turn -- ( onl y d-cam conti nue straight ) no !! nol ! Christ !! @ back !! follow he hm rex kick the chair . gace look over , phone to she ear -- rex ( cont 's D ) ve 's have lose ‘em qn each of the three cameras , pecple run scared . rex watch in disbelief , it 's mass hysteria . beat -- rex ( cont 's D ) | should call Bruce . rex turn away fromthe chaos , | ook instead at the playback moni tor whi ch now feature the anmeri can tourist , howard lewcki , clutching the hand of a young girl , anna ( cont ! nued ) 17 . conti nued : ( 16 ) we freeze on th S | mace bef ore jumping in on the dv camera in hs other hand ... CUT to . 18 . ext . plaza major - chryon : 15 m nute earlier tight on howard lew ck !' S camcorder screen ... as we see the bl uest of blue sky . he 's just outside Plaza mjor , he camera explore the exotic sight and sound of Madrid . in he viewinder , he see kide wave at himfroma balcony . lower the carrera , he wave back and here we get we first glimpse of homrd lewcki . md-40s , lewcki be mid-life crisis personify . recently divorced , lewcki be desperate to recapture he youth as he wander further in , take in the size and scope of the 100,000 people fill the Plaza . anid the mass , he be at once a part of the everyday and yet conpl etely alone . he struggle wth the operation of he canvorder -- intermittentl y/ acci dentally trigger the '' TI I / date '' function ... as he record i mage along the northwest side , near where the President be set to arrive . elsewhere , lewcki 's camera find a couple make out . alone , lew cki be fascinate by this couple . he watch even as they whisper | ovingl y to one another , the man | ook into the wovan S eye ... this be veronca as she hand hi m soret hi no , lew CKI suddenly becore aware that he action border on stalking . he instead turn he attention to -- the pod ! um where he zoon in on Mayor De soto greeting the DI gni tary . grant ( os . ) what be you seei no ? lew cki turn to see british grant strong ( gant be everything that lewcki 's not ; free spirite , dare , at peace wth hinself . lew ckl qh , uh ...1 be watch all of the people up there . grant remarkable , huh ? lew CKI do you recogni ze any of then ? grant the important one . how relevant be pol and , really ? ( offer he hand ) gant strong . ( cont ! nued ) 19 . cont ! nued : lew CKI Howard lewcki . ne to meet you . grant areri can ? ( lew cki nod ) what bring you to Madrid ? lew CKI | be look for a little excitement . grant New to it all ? lew CkI no , | just ... feel like the right tine . ( gant nod , politely ; beat ) wat about you ? grant curiosity mostly . | go where the nonent take I . lew CKI no family ...? grant none that | know of , really . lew CkI Thi ngs change when there be kid run be ound . grant be yours wth you ? lew CKI qh , no , uh , they be wth they mother ... ( reluctantly expl be no no ) vé’ be go through sort of -- before he finish , lewcki 's bump from behind . look back , he see ana in front of he wth a enpty | ce cream cone in hand , and the scoop on the ground before she . mari E ( in spani sh ) [ Anna , | tell you to be careful .] ( to lewicki ) very sorry . sorry ... ( cont ! nued ) 20 . conti nued : ( 2 ) lew ck ( check he pants ; he 's fine ) it 's fine . really . no probl env . as lewcki look over , Anna 's ready to cry . mari E [ do not . do not cry ...] -- the father in lewcki can not help himself . lew CKI uh ... como se |l ama ? what 's she nane ? mari E narre ? lew CkI you daughter . May | buy she another cone ? mari E no , no . she 's fine . lew CKI it 's nothing . really . mari E no . thank you . [ Cone on , Anna . ] lew ck Anna . ( Anna turn , hearing she name ) ...l ’msorry . lo siento . they turn to go . grant look back , it 's awkward . he 's not the famly man . beat . grant you probabl y' !! want to get back to you filming ... lew CkI probably shoul die grant ( lew cki nod ; sli ght ! y) it be nice meeting you . lew CKI you as well . have fun . ( conti nued ) 21 . conti nued : ( 3 ) the applause pick up but lewcki feel out of sort . he turn to see presi dent ashton | ed through the crowd by agent barne & taylor , and two other -- lew cki see he open and step forward , try to worm he way closer to the wal kway . qn the secret servi ce ... barne & taylor -- as they clear a path for the president . see barne , lewcki stop ; that 's thoras barne . morentarily star-struck , he look down at he view screen , angle to get a better shot -- lew CKI ( cont 's D ) that 's ... -- he stop himself , there 's no one to tell . qn the VI ew screen . .. now hold overhead as the presi dent and the Mayor meet . once the President have shake hand wth De soto , he turn to other leader , work the photo - op while the Mayor move to the podium quieting the crow ... do soto Buenos tarde . vwélcome . thank you so much for be here ... this be a wondrous day . today , we make history ! the crowd erupt . as the Mayor continue , lewcki notice that the secret servi ce agent ( barne ) appear to be wi spering into he wist nic ... ever the voyeur , lewcki turn he attention to barne . the follow the agent 's eye -- do soto ( cont 's D ) ... senor presidente , fellow menber of the european Union , President ashton , and citizen of the world , it be wth great pleasure that | invite you all to we hunble city ... -- lewcki turn he canera around toward the back , try to see wnat barne be | ook at . he search the back wall ... zoom no in -- window by window until he see a man stand inside a second story wndow . lewcki hesitates . that seem odd ... lewcki turn back to barne . unsure of how to act , lewccki | ook around ; should he speak up ? he hesitates , glance over to that around he nb one else seem to notice . ( conti nued ) 22 . conti nued : ( 4 ) do soto ( cont 's D ) ... therefore , | offer you ny gty , ny heart and ny hope . applause . the speech be over . President ashton wave , smile until -- bang Shots ring out . the President go dow . on lew CKI as it catch himoff guard . immediately , he | ook back -- no one 's in the wndow . anonentary pang of guilt ... lew ck| I -- al\l_at once , he 's buvped and shove . scream over whel m people stumble , as other push past , try to get away . look down at he hand , he feel the weight of he camera -- ... he 's see the shooter . he can not quit now stand he ground , he raise the canera and begin filming again -- -- zoomng in -- -- he see the secret service lift the pre ! dent , | eadi no himoff stage . as he look closer , he lens find thovas barne , eye will , scan the rooftop . he 's bark order into he wist microphone but lewcki can not hear wnat he 's say ... -- tracking wth barne 's glance , lewcki follow he eye line over to two other agent -- jankomski & matthevs as they drag the man away woo charge toward the President . this be enrique . cgearly local , Enrique have a earnest , decent quality to he concern . lewcki push closer , hearing ... enr que no . you do not understand --!! J ankomski enri que keep novi no -- -- he will diel ! lew cki | ock onto this tussle and notice enri que | ook over to the side ... ... lewcki follow he gaze and there at the edge of the frame -- he notice veron CA , the wonan he file ned ki ssi no another man earlier . ( cont ! nued ) 23 . conti nued : ( 5 ) just as he catch she in he viewinder , she throw she bag beneath the podi um - - enri que ( cont 's D ) ( poi not i no ) mra !! mra , mira ! she throw soret hi no - - -- wth all eye on Enrique , Veronica back away , undetected . this time , lewcki have to act . swallow he fear -- lew CKI ( to secret service ) wait ! just then , jankomski find the gun in enri que 's holster -- J ankomski gun ! | meki at el y the secret servi ce throw enri que to the ground , other agent swarm - - matthevs : ( to lew cki ) step away ! ! lew CKI matthevs : he be not lie . there be -- step back , sir ! lew ck please listen , | think -- jankowski shove lewcki back . lewcki 's throw off bal ance by the blow gather himself , he | ook back , helpless . he see she ... he 's sure of it . hs camera up to he eye , he scan the Plaza before find -- veron ! CA zoom no in -- he watch as she race furiously for the exit . he turn toward the secret service unsure of what he can do . Mat be he capable of ? on lew CKI as he | ook down at the viewfinder , aim at the podium catch sight of the red stain that now mark the stage flat . he struggle to catch he breath . hs heart racing , adrenaline pump . he | ook around , canvass the chaos as hysteria set in -- ( conti nued ) 24 . conti nued : ( 6 ) lew ck ! ( cont 's D ) this be not happen ... this can not be happeni no ...oh , God . lew cki pause , unsure of what to do . the reach into he pocket and renvve he cell phone . the dial . wait , he try to swallowhis enotion ... -- voice mail pick up . he stand , | ook at he watch . try to figure out the time zone -- after the beep -- lew CKI ( cont ' D ) ... Pam it 's I . |’ mprobably waking you . it 's just -- you be go to see on the news when you wake up , the President 's be shot . oh , God . he be here . in Madrid . | think | just see .. a unseen explosion sound off in the distance . lewicki turn , catch up init all . beat . lew CKI ( cont 's D ) look , |’ mokay . | just , | want to let the kid knowthat I ’mfine . | love they very much and |’ mnot in danger ... alright . he hang up . hs cheek sag , he eye mist . he 's overwmhel mo . lose -- barne -- Sir . we need you canera . lew cki turn as barne & taylor swarm before he can fully hand it over , barne have it and be aim up at the wndowin the back annex -- zoomngin for a closer | ook -- lew CkI ( after the fact ) sure . lew cki stand a step away , he mind swrling ; he 's in the thick of thing . he want to tell themwhat he see -- barne | see sorething . like a flash of light . ( look back at the with ndow there . -- zoomngin .. there 's something | urking in the shadow -- barne ( cont 's D ) there be something there . ( conti nued ) 25 . conti nued : ( 7 ) lew CKI | see sonet hing too . they turn , he recoil -- Taylor nod ; okay . taylor I ’? 11 go check it out . barne |’ mcone wth -- taylor no . -- lewcki turn away . he want to pinch himself ; he can not believe he 's at the center of all of this . in that nmonent , barne | ook back at he - barne do you filmthis entire thing ? ( lew cki nod ) show rre . lew cki reach in , rewnding . barne look in . as they rewind -- on barne -- as he watch the lcd screen . lewcki watch he he hardly |ook dow at the viewinder , until -- barne ( cont 's D ) wit a minute -- ( turn ; reali zing ) qh , ny God . barne | ook out to that who remain . the other secret service -- it suddenly dawns on he barne ( cont 's D ) there 's a bonb -- get down . everyone get down now ! as he call out to the other , he move further from lew cki . however , before he can alert they -- explosi on . the podi um erupt -- barne be throw back . lewccki 's thrust aside . the canera fall . all around , the crowd that remain be marre by debris -- ash and fire . on lewcki ... as he stagger to he foot . he 's clearly disorient . hs hearing be off -- the wrldis silent all around he ( conti nued ) 26 . conti nued : ( 8 ) qn the fallen camera -- as lewcki reach out for it . pick it up , he look across the Plaza . it 's like nothing he 's ever see . as he survey , he eye stop at -- -- barne hunch over a | nure man , work to save he life ... barne call out for help , but no one can hear he -- lew cki can not stop himself now . make up he mind , lewcki have to do something . he have to get involved . just then -- anm stagger past , disorient , tearful . lewcki hurry to she , grab she hand -- lew CKI ( sil ence ) ... Anna . Anna ! lew cki |ook around at the weeckage -- scan for Marie . she 's not there . lew CKI ( cont 's D ) ( sil ence ) be 's you nother ? be be she ? hs voice trail off as he |ook out -- she might be go . all at once the paternal instinct take over . wthin second , he have they both run toward the exit -- on anm . .. near the exit , look back , cry as they head out -- ext . out ! do the plaza - conti nuoqus lew cki maintain he run , wth Anna 's handin he own . the steer clear of the crowd , dodging as best he can as he near the end of the block -- round ! no a corner they run further away until a shotis fire .. and just like that he hearing be restore . all at once , horn blare as they run out into the street . lew cki pull Anna back to safety . he turn back around and see the secret servi ce agent -- jankomeki & parson run behind he they gun be aim up at the sky , fire warning shot . they try to shove they way through the crowd as they run -- ( conti nued ) 27 . cont ! nued : J ankomski parson gt out of the way !! move ! ! on lew CKI | ook up ahead to see enrique run away . beat ; lew cki begin to put it together . they be chase Enrique . lew cki continue to film pull Anna , try to keep up . it 's clearly not a wn proposition ... ext . ty STREET - conti nuqus up ahead , lewcki see a police woman tend to several ci vilian ; in the background there be a series of anbulance and poli ce car -- lew ckl Excuse I !! Excuse not ! ! -- the police woman turn to hima the secret service run past . lewcki watch , desperate to be involved ; this be he chance . turn back to the Police woman -- lew CKI ( cont ' D ) | need you help . uh ... ayudane . pi ease . | need you to watch she . her nother be go . | do not know be , but -- ( to Anna ) | wll be right back . espera para marry qkay ? just wait . | wll be right back . the Officer look over as lewcki back up . he catch si ght of the tear in Anna 's eye , as he turn to go . he run off , camera in hand , give one nore | ook back to Anna before headi no dow a SI do STREET where the foot traffic be a bit more dilute . the secret service be nowfifty foot in front of he more warning shot be FI red . but Enrique never turn back . Enrique angle , | ean in to aturn . at the last second , Enrique see something . watever it be appear to force himto change direction . as lew cki follow , he | ook dom to see -- a emergency vehi cle wth the light spin and the siren blast . the vehicle nearly pl ow through the secret service . as lew cki watch , the tension of the norent only further whet he appetite for adventure . ( cont ! nued ) 28 . cont ! nued : as he trek on , he watch Enrique , rush across another street . just then -- a car barrel into Enrique , pick himup onto the wndshield . the brake slam_ Enrique drop . htting the ground hard -- on lew CKI stop in horror . the Driver race out . he try to help , but Enrique stagger back to he foot , run again -- -- ( jankowski & parson ) close in . lewcki chug on in back . . . more shot . Enrique evade . he nove fromthe right of lewcki to the leave ... as though prepare to turn dom the next block . lew cki 's lose this foot race . he have a choice to make . lew cki turn to he ow inmediate leave . he can see dow a SI do STREET where there 's a right - turn one block dow ; it could be a short cut that get himcloser . wthout hesitation , he barrel down the side street . hs chest heave , he tooth clench . he will hinself forward . sweat now fill he brow as he hear more shot fire froma block over ... lew cki turn , desperately hope the short cut work out ... as he make he way down the next block , he see enr que cut right in front of he /t work . Enrique evade the cross traffic as he disappear off to the leave . lew cki draw closer . he see the ground rise as it | ead to a overpass bridge . rounding the corner , he cli nbs higher . this be he adventure . he can not quit now . ... lewcki fight to keep go . he stumble at the curb , barely retain he bal ance -- hi gher and hi gher he climb . push , push ... until he reach the peak . as the road begin to slope dom again , he | ook around . no one 's there . he check off in both direction , but he 's alone . just then out of the corner of he eye , he catch sight of someone just below he look over at the ground beneath ( conti nued ) 29 . conti nued : ( 2 ) lew cki spot Enrique in front of the overpass , unaware that lew cki 's watch from above . a pqli ce car drav near Enrique 's catch for sure . lew cki watch , shocked at he good fortune -- he 's capt uring the whole thing . qnly Enrique do not move . the wait as the sedan come to a stop and a police officer get out of the car . lewcki zoom in on Enrique , as he round the side of the car . he appear to smile . zoomng further . .. lew cki notice that as Enrique raise he arm in celebration , he have a badge clipped to he belt -- on lew CKI shocked . lew CKI ( cont 's D ) ... is he a cop ? just then , he hear footstep draw closer . lewcki see parson & jankovbki , they gun out in front . J ankomski ( poi not i no ) there he be -- suddenly , shot ring out . lewcki turn , | ook over the rail to see enrique S dow . the cficer run to he aid . lew cki | ook back at the secret service ; do they just shoot hin ? lew cki 's world be turn upside ; do the secret service just kill a Spanish Police officer ? parson & jankowski rush to the edge of the bridge , ready to junp down -- just then , we hear a child scream in the distance , follow by car screech no to a stop ( just as wtness in the CNN newsr oon ) . lew cki stop dead in he track . turn back around , he rush across the bridge -- peer ! no over the edge ... lewcki see anm stand in the street . a car have narrowy miss she -- lew ckl qh , god. Anna ! lew cki sprint , shot be fire behind he but he no | onger have a hunker for advent ure -- ( conti nued ) 30 . conti nued : ( 3 ) lew CKI ( cont D ) Anna ! ... he rush to the end , round the side , slide down . the try to maintain he balance , but it 's impossible . he skid as he go -- he hear she scream again . lew ck ! ( cont 's D ) | 's mconi no ! ! as he roll , he hear tire screeoh glass shatter . metal scrape agai nst the concrete -- more scream no as he run toward she -- lew CKI ( cont 's D ) gh , gd. |’ msorry . i| ’mso sorry ... -- come round , he see a veh | cle on it 's side ski dding tomrd her - - -- it 's get closer -- -- he reach out -- -- the vehicle keep cone -- -- just then , he grab she , whisk she out of harmis way . from the SI do of the road ...he | ook back over the wreckage , at what just past she by -- lew CKI ( cont 's D ) Jesus Christ . turn away , he stare -- through the dark shading of the underpass to the other side , where Enrique be lie on the ground , dead . more than 200 yard away we freeze frame on this image of Enrique ... ... and wth Howard lewcki 's every clipped breath , we juvp in closer on the body bef ore we CUT to. 31 . ext . qutsi do plaza major - chryon : 15 m nute earlier tight on enri que contreras ... as he walk toward the entrance , a bag sling over he shoulder . he | ook over at the protestor as he go . the placard accuse the UN ted states of provoking terrorist -- protestor ( in spani sh ) [ not we problem ! not we problem ! ] enri que maintain a calmeven keel anid this intense protest . vat ching he we can see he be the pronise of the future . Young , good | ook . he screan '' hero . '' ext . plaza major - security check pont - conti nuous just inside the Plaza , Enrique fall into line at the Security check point . crow stack up in front and behind . a ameri can woman | ook back as he join . the smile . the woman be you aneri can ? enr ! que no . the woman sorry . you | ook areri can . he flash he thousand - watt smile one last time as the worman walk over to one of the security personnel ( juan ) . juan ( offer she a bin ) met al obj ect ? she drop she jewelry and she purse into the bin , allow Juan to place it on the conveyor before she walk through the Metal detector . Enrique wait , patiently -- juan ( cont 's D ) next . Enrique step forward . before walk through the retal detector , Enrique subtly show he badge . enr que pol i ci a. juan Uno norent o. ( cont ! nued ) 32 . cont ! nued : Enrique wait as Juan turn to he CO worker ( pauli na ) . wthin second , paulina approach - - pauli na [ 1 N spani sh ] [ do you have you event credential 's ? ] Enrique nod , hand she he material . she study he face , then he material . as she do , he | ook out into the Plaza , spot veronica . hs eye brighten at the sight of she ... she 's beautiful . however as quickly as he mood lighten , he tenper flare at the sight of she hand interlocked wth another man . pauli na [ qkay . sign here . ] ( as he compl i es ) [ be you carry ? ] again , he nod . paulina turn to Juan and give himthe okay . Juan turn the retal - detect wand off , allow for the fact that the crowd behind Enrique do not need to know that he 's a undercover police officer . enri que hardly notice the wand as he focus instead on the man ( javier ) as he | eave Veronica and head for the exit . the j eal ousy thinly veile , Enrique glare at javier as he pass -- pauli na ( cont ' D ) [ you can go . ] gather he thing , Enrique nod , thank you , and head in -- ext . plaza major - conti nuqus stepping into the Plaza , Enrique make a bee line for Veronica . as he venture closer , she glance in he di rection , sense immedi ately he intensity ; she know that | ook . enr que ( bai ting she ) [ you have a gl ow about you . ] veron CA [ it 's the heat . ] lean in to kiss she , she turn offer she cheek . beat . enr que [ what have you be doi no ? ] ( conti nued ) 33 . cont ! nued : vercni CA ( rote oning to the crowd ) take in all of the people . ] enr que sone nore than other . ] -- she look away , she 's not go to respond -- enri que ( cont 's D ) | see you wth he just now ] veron CA and ? ] ( he pause , wait for nore ) you see not hi no . ] enr que it do not look like nothing . ] veron CA and what , now you think something 's 's goi no on ? ] enr que you tell I .] veron CA | 's mnot have this conversation again , Enrique . you be the one | want . wy can not you understand that ?] look deep into she eye , he 's lose ; tear between he | ove and he suspicion . beat . he can not believe she , not anynore . enr que [ because | can not . ] he back away , leave he bag at she foot ; it 's the sane bag that we see Veronica throw -- veron ! CA Enrique . | love you ... but Enrique keep go . he fight , struggle to get he enotion back under control . approach the podium he come across marie & anna . in Anna 's hand be a ice cream cone wthout ice cream anna [ ... its not fair . ] ( cont ! nued ) 34 , conti nued : ( 2 ) mari E [ life 's not fair . ] -- press forward , Enrique reach the security barri er that surround the podium the other side of the barricade , member of the media , techn cl ans and security personnel , congregate . flash he badge , he 's allow thry ough . as he enter , he hear a cacophony . the applause be deafen as the presi dent of the United States have arrive . qut of the corner of he eye , he see Veronica . just see she , pain he he have to |ook away . turn back to the podi um he see that presi dent ashton have arrive on stage and have begin to shake hand wth the dignitaries . make he way to the front , Enrique continue to survey the people he pass , almost as if he be | ook for someone . as do soto att enpt to quiet the crowd , Enrique take note of the secret service -- do soto ( qs . ) Buenos tarde . vwélcome . thank you so much for be here ... this be a wondrous day . today , we make history ! applause . Enrique note agent Taylor , calm put together -- do soto ( cont 's D ) ... senor presidente , fellow menber of the european Union , President ashton and citizen of the world , it be wth great pleasure that | invite you all to we hunble city . -- follow.ng Taylor 's watchful eye , Enrique turn to observe barne . barne whisper into he microphone while he scan the crow . hs eye always on the nove . as barne | ook across , he seem to stop on Enrique . they lock eye until Enrique turn away , unconfort abl e . do soto ( cont 's D ) it be wth a sad heart that we must meet in mourn wth that who | ost | oved one recently . but we cannot today , nor ever , let the spectre of evil overcone the hope of a better tonvrrow . enri que again turn to where veronica stand , but she 's go . he exhales , notice the nvisture that lick he pal ns . wping he hand on he pant leg , he turn back to De soto -- ( cont ! nued ) 35 . conti nued : ( 3 ) do soto ( cont 's D ) vé nust core together on this day , in this renown place , to band together for peace . applause ; Enrique rub he hand again , nerve on edge -- do soto ( cont 's D ) therefore , | offer you ny gty , ny heart and ny hope ... the appl ause erupt as ashton and the other | eader , wave to the crow . the nonent swell , until -- Enrique do not hesitate , even before the second shot ring out , he dart into action -- as the second shot ring out , Enrique race up to the podium bang -- head for the fall man . -- he chest heave , breath quicken as he go -- -- Enrique |ook up to see the President , closer into view ... taylor ( os . ) bar ne ! ! -- he 's almost there -- as Enrique reach out , barne grab he _ take hi m dow : - barne get he out of here !! taylor let 's go , move it ! G , go , go , go , go -- I meki at el y , matthews & jankomski wrestle Enrique away -- enr ! que no !! no. I help ... soy policia -- -- as Enrique struggle , fight wth every breath ... he search for something -- -- there at the end of the barricade be Veronica . suddenly , Enrique becore nore vigilant , more aggressive -- jankonski enr ! que gt -- no wait ! ! -- as he attenpt to fend themoff , he see barne and the other hurry to the president as he body begin to shake . ( cont ! nued ) 36 . conti nued : ( 4 ) matthevs -- move -- -- Veronica 's now inside the barricade , move closer . hs eye call out to she even as he continue he charade -- enr que J ankomski -- | have special training !! quiet -- barne -- start clear a path , so we can get he out of here -- she 's so close to the podium he can not take he eye off she . as she throw the bag , she eye neet he and he | eal ousy get the best of he he can not /et it go ... he can not help himself -- as much as he want to stop himself , he can not -- enr que ( poi not i no ) mra !! mra , nira ! matthevs : enri que shut up -- -- she throw somret hi no ! ! lew ck wai t ! jankomeki au ( find Enrique 's 's hol ster ) no I meki atel y the secret service throw Enrique down . — lewi cki rush to try to get they attention -- enr que J ankomski soy policia --!! shut you mouth . as matthews begin to exanine it , Enrique | ook around . she 's 's go - - matthevs it 's | oad . enr ! que -- please ! listen to I !! | ampolicia . ( fight themas they brace he hand behind he back ) m badge be in front pocket . please . matthevs reach in , find it . handing it to jankowski . enri que |ook to he side , notice barne watch hi m-- ( conti nued ) 37 . conti nued : ( 5 ) enri que ( cont 's D ) | just want to help -- jankomveki ( to enri que ) be you on duty ? ( Enrique do not under st and ) be you work now ? soy trabaj 0 ? enr que si. | be to be here . J ankomski do you see anything ? anything at all ? enr ! que no . just then , barne step forward , edgier than the other -- barne Way 's d you run for hin ? J ankomski enri que barne ... | hear bang , | go -- barne ( cont 's D ) after which shot ? enr que huh , | no -- barne after the first shot or the second one ? enr que the second . barne you get up here pretty fast . enr que -- no , I , 1 -- jankomski barne , he 's a cop . barne stop , turn toward jankowski -- see the badge . barne -- he know sonethi no -- ( conti nued ) 38 . conti nued : ( 6 ) Enrique | ook over , the accusation stop himin he track . jankowski glare at barne , the unspoken tension bet ween they boil over -- jankomski ( to parson ) gt himout of here . -- frustrate , barne step away -- and Enrique quietly exhal es ; relieved . jankowbki ( cont ' D ) ( to the agent nearby ) let 's round up anyone else who see soret hing ... ( into he mce ) master Command , go for jankowski ... as he continue , Enrique | ook over at barne as he now speak wth Taylor . barne watch he still suspicious -- parson begin | ead Enrique away . look back , enr que look over to where Veronica have throw the bag . wth each step , he 's now nove further away ... the worst be over -- -- he can see the edge of the podium hone free . as he begin to descend , he turn back to see barne pre-occupi ed wth lew cki 's carera . barne everyone , get dow ! -- Enrique | ook back -- barne ( cont 's D ) gt dow now ! in that instant , barne lock eye wth Enrique . enri que begin to backpedal just as the -- explosion - - -- hit . the pod umerupt . Fire , debris shoot into the air . the blast throw Enrique and the secret service to gr ound . on enr que the look over . he see the weckage scattered across the Plaza . he see the agent -- sore scattered , other st aggering ... and then barne -- ( conti nued ) 39 . conti nued : ( 7 ) -- look right at he Enrique hurry to he foot ; he have to go . now . wthout wait another second , he take off . foot hit the paverent , teg cycle . no | ook back . jankoveki ( os . ) get he back here --!! -- but he do not stop . hs breath heave as he sprint . neari no the ex ! ts enri que fight through the crow and the weckage , steering clear of the overturn cafe table and other i npedi rent -- jankombki ( cont " D ) -- freeze !!! -- but there 's no stop now -- ext . outside of plaza major - conti nuous Enrique race out , | ook both way . as he sprint , he check behind he jankomski & parson be fast in pursuit . Enrique power on , never let up . he knock over pedestri ans , avoid foot traffic as he jump -- out | nto the STREET -- he skim the hood of a car , cut it off . the vehicle brake hard as he slide by . near the other side , he turn back to see jankoneki & parson not far behind , pursuit continue along the outside of the Plaza . parson raise he gun , fire to the sky . but Enrique do not stop . parson J ankomski stop where you be ! ! ...he 's not stop . just then Enrique turn , head away fromthe Plaza -- dow a SI do STREET where the foot traffic be more dilute , nore disperse . a | ntersect ! on just a few building | ength away be nowthe goal as enri que hop back onto the si dewal k. arrive at the cross-section , he | ook down the street to he right -- ( conti nued ) 40 . cont ! nued : siren flash , light spin . Enrique | ook to see the emergency vehicle cone right toward he but what catch enri que 's eye be not the vehicle itself , rather -- veron CA -- riding shotgun . they eye meet and he rage return ... the secret service -- weave through traffic , continue in foot pursuit . as they cross the intersection -- the emergency vehicle narrowy miss they parson be force to dive , just mess . back on enri que it 's clear that see Veronica have troubled he as he run , he | ook back j ust as a car -- -- barrel into he thrust himonto the wndshield . the brake slam he drop . hitting the ground -- dri ver [ qh , ny God !!] -- Enrique cringe as he get up . he can not stop . not now , he rage will not allowit -- dri ver ( cont 's D ) [ be you alright -- ] enr que [ get away fromne . ] dri ver [ wit ! you be bleed --] -- but Enrique 's not go to wait . t he sprint on , unaware that jankowski have he gun in hand and be aim for he -- he fire ... miss . gitting he tooth , Enrique push up hill , turn -- around a corner as the hill steepen . up ahead , Enrique see a bridge , a block away . just prior to the bridge , cross traffic block he path . he look back -- jankowski and parson be still in fire distance . he have no choice -- ( cont ! nued ) 41 . conti nued : ( 2 ) qn enri que ... see this as he chance . this be he monent . he limp , almost stunbling forward . behind he jankowski and parson raise they weapon . each take aim -- -- firing -- they shot narrowy miss . Enrique 's run low on time . he look up . the have to get away . just thirty foot ... twent y. .. more shot ... ten ... five ...he rush into the street . car fly past . he dodge , step across , dance nadiy wth fate -- until he 's through . he | ook back as the agent struggle to evade the oncone car . badge in the air , try to get across -- he 's free . he turn , run up toward the bri dge -- qimbing higher and higher , Enrique will not let up . a quarter of the way up , he look over the side to see the ground drop significantly . wthout hesitation , he hop onto the rail , jump dom . he hit against the side of the hill -- roll , tumble -- until he find himself -- ext . below the overpass - cont ! nuous in the shadow of the overpass , Enrique stand , al one . prepare he gun so that the firearmis just outside he jacket , he glare off in the distance . nothing . from he pocket , he retrieve he cell phone and dial . as it '' connect . '' man S voice ( v.0 ) yeah . enr que [ be be you ? ] man S vo ce ( v.q ) look -- on a police car.. wth its light flash as it speed right for he drawing closer , it slow to a stop . fromthe passenger side , a officer step out . as he | ock eye wth Enrique , we see that it be javier .. the man woo have be hol ding hand wth Veronica . ( conti nued ) 42 . cont ! nued : enri que pastes as smile on he face ... speak in perfect English as he move closer , arm extend in what seen |i ke cel ebration -- enr ! que as plan , no ... ... but , casually , Enrique | ower he arn , subtly reach back for he gun . but javier beat himto the draw -- javier not exactly . javier fire , Enrique drop to the ground . javier nove closer , kick the gun out of reach before pick it up -- javier ( cont 's D ) -- you 's be go to pay ... ( Enrique gag ) wy ! ?! why do you do it !? enr que ( spitting back at hin @ to hell . javi er ( be ming agai n) after you . man ( os . ) freeze !!! -- javier turn and fire off into the distance as Enrique 's head drop to he side -- more shot be heard -- and suddenly , a car accelerate and javier run -- javier ( os . ) wit -- enri que 's eye dima shot be fire . tire skid -- anda sedan crash off screen . footstep run past . Enrique 's breath shorten . he gasp , he chest rise , back - and - forth , back - and - forth , until it stop . Dead . Enrique 's head drop in the direction of the footstep . W leave he body and nove toward the foot ... ... as we drawcloser , we rise up -- get a better | ook at the '' man . '' it 's thomas barne , the secret service agent ... -- before we even get a full glimpse , we CUT ta 43 . int . HOTEL room - chyron : 15 m nute earlier on secret servi ce agent thovas barne ... scan the city - scape . holding on he gaze , we get a glimpse of the torture soul that hide beneath a hero 's exterior . there 's a knock mattheve ( os . ) it 's tine . deep breath . barne gather . he check he gun , check he radio . look down at he hand -- it shake . the anxiety return . he remove a pill bottle fromhis pocket . pop it open , he stop short . he can not doit . not today . he will pave to make do wthout . pitch the bottle , he head for the door . look down the hall , he can see that everyone 's | eft wthout he undeterred , he head to the elevator . press the '' dow button , he wait ... the door ch mes . int . elevator - conti nuous qnce inside , the tremble in he hand resurface as he reach for the button -- '' p . '' press wth vigor , the door close . he check he gun , he radio . deep breath ; he 's okay . stand in silence , he wait as the elevator cone to a stop . the door open and he exit , head into the parking garage . enter , he can hear vo ces just around the corner ; they 's be talk about he jankoveki ( os . ) but that be before he lose he shit -- taylor ( os . ) C non - - take a breath , he press on -- matthevs ( os . ) -- dude have a nervous breakdown - - taylor ( qs . ) -- six month ago , he 's better -- jankoveki ( os . ) -- and wnat be the chance he 's go to freak out the minute we walk -- barne enter , the other stop ; oh , shit -- barne I would put it at 50 - 50 . ( cont ! nued ) 44 . conti nued : barne head for the lino as Taylor chuckle and follow , leave jankowski and matthews in stunne si ! ence . barne ( cont 's D ) W do this ? int . limo - conti nuqus ashton sit in back , a phone to he ear , as barne and Taylor clinbin . a small television fill the background as the car door close . barne & Taylor get situate as jankowski and matthews head to another car in front -- the limo begin nove , head out of the darkness and into the light . matthews & jankowski 's car cruise just ahead , wth two police motorcycle | eadi no the way -- as they cruise onto the street , light flare through the window . hold on barne as the light find he the adrenaline flow , this be what he 's be wait for ; he 's back ... mapk ( v.q ) tell we , Angie , what 's the nood there ? ange ( v.q ) for the nost part : hopeful . barne look out . the street be desert , save for m li tary personnel ... sn ) pers | oom at op building ; the city have be '' secure '' wthout hardly a soul in sight ... barne thanks . taylor for what ? barne get I back out here again ... taylor do not thank be yet . Taylor smle , barne understand the inference . as the lino turn once more , we can hear , nay feel , the crowd . jankoveki ( v.q_ ) Eagle have arrive . repeat , Eagle have arrive . barne taylor '' -- copy that . ( cont ! nued ) 45 . cont ! nued : barne | ook over to Taylor , he 's not the lead any nore . Taylor nod ; its okay . the |imo cone to a stop . alnost inmediately , jankowski and matthews approach . as the door open -- taylor sir. ( ashton nod , nove to exit ) here we go . silently , barne follow Taylor out ; this be it ... ext . out ! do plaza major - conti nuoqus qn barne ... as he step out , he disconfort thinly mask . crowd surge forward as the media smother . flash bulb fire off like gunfire . he flinch at the nenory ... sweat glisten on he brow , barne | ook around . the see hand slide into pocket . parasol raise in the sunlight . eye shifting ... every moverent be a threat , every shadow hide a assassin . he try to take a breath ... taylor alright , let 's doit . M. President . ashton turn fromthe crowd and they begin novi no . qn the protestor ... the anti-american vitriol hard to mss . barne move slowy , scan the crow , the netal fence groan under they weight , anxiety bui ! ding . hs eye suddenly |ock on -- a man -- who lean out onto they path . hs eye meet barne ’... he hand reach under he coat . a glint of light -- and barne 's instinct take over . he rush forward ... the man 's hand slide out just as -- -- barne reach , grab -- -- something fall to the ground -- it 's a canera . realizing he error , barne re-coil ; shit . he over-reacted . he turn back to the other , hope they do not see wnat he do , only it 's immediately clear they do . jankowski shoot Taylor a look . Taylor cut himoff -- taylor ( cont 's D ) not now ( cont ! nued ) 46 . cont ! nued : instead , Taylor guide themforward into the Plaza entrance wth jankowski and matthews fall in just a step behind , leave barne to pick up the rear . ext . entrance plaza major - conti ! nuqus they | ead the President through a large stone archway . qnce inside the shade of the arch , they slow as they begin they ascent into Plaza . it 's like walk into a bullring . the arena await , vhte hot and intense . and then all at once , barne be awash in a sea of humanity . the camera spin around barne as he 's leave breathless by the sheer volume of the crowd . there be wndow ever ywoere ; it 's a secret service no ght mare . the pod ! umfeel |ike a world away . as jankowski and tayl or begin to clear a path , Taylor |ook back at barne ; do it . barne swallow , and then nod . barking into he nic -- barne Agents , go for count off . secret servi ce vo ces ( v.q ) East annex -- gear. North Tower -- gear . West be clear . all eye on he the podi uminch cl oser . barne sout h ? secret servi ce vo ces ( v.q ) W be clear . ound cover -- good . 24 gear. 13 have blue sky . 12 be a go . taylor nod , barne breathes deep ; they make it . at the pod ! um .. barne and Taylor give way so that the President can greet do soto & the other dignitaries . the two man smile , pose for photo . the cheer drow out everything , make it almost impossible to hear . barne turn to face the crowd , swathe upon swathe stare back . a bead of sweat run dow . immediately , he wpes it cl ean ... do soto Buenos tarde . vwélcome . thank you so much for be here ... this be a wondrous day . today , we make history ! ( cont ! nued ) 47 . cont ! nued : barne 's eye never rest . he search wndov . +e gl ance across the rooftop . the entrance , the exit ... search , search ... he continue to scan the perimeter , | ook out as a curtain flutter in a window along the far wall . barne | ook over to the other ; no one else have see it . the look back again -- the flutter appear to have lessen ; vas there someone there ? not want to lose face again , barne hesitates before speak into he microphone -- barne back annex , the building shoul do have be clear .... secret servi ce # 1 ( v.0 ) copy . it 's clear . barne |’ have get a flutter on the second floor . third wndow fromthe rie ght . secret servi ce # 1 ( v.0 ) Roger . vé will check again . tayl or |ook over and barne nod , try to appear confident , in control . turn back to the wndow , barne stare , focus as De soto 's word echo in the p.a system wait , wait ... on the wndow -- as secret servi ce agent # 1 step into the frame . he close the wndow ( we now see that the man that lew cki have see be just secret service ) -- secret servi ce agent # 1 ( v.o ) the breeze must 's have bl om the curtain . vé 's have get it . barne | ook back at Taylor , only Taylor do not return he gaze . the shane be hard to miss ... he glance drop . do soto therefore | offer you my cty , ny heart and ny hope . the applause overwhelm as ashton step forward and wave . bang , a shot ring out , its echofills the square and -- time stand still -- as barne turn to see ashton fall , tayl or and the other rush for he .. Taylor shout out , barne can not hear he the can not hear anything . the crow screamin silence , peop ! e run will -- ( cont ! nued ) 48 . conti nued : ( 2 ) barne turn back to the wndow ... and in a flash of light ... bang -- another shot ring out , hit ashton again . hs eye never stray , |ocking on the weapon . snoke drift off fromthe rifle 's shaft , bird escape the rooftop . taylor scream again ... taylor bar ne ! ! -- finally hearing he name , barne | ook back to see enri que charge directly for the down President . heart punpi no , eye will , barne storm forward , take he dow . taylor ( oont ' D ) ( gun- shot - wund ) Eagle 's 's down , Eagle 's down . vé have get a gs.w !! repeat , gsw powerless , barne watch Taylor work to stop the bleed -- barne ( be : enri que ) get he out of here !! -- agent grab hold of Enrique and westle himaway , as barne race over toward the President -- taylor vé need to nove Eagle now . ( call to the other ) let 's go , move it ! G , go , go , go , go -- a ring o secret servi ce agent swarm ashton - - taylor ( cont 's D ) vw 's be pick himup -- 1 , 2 , 3 -- -- the President 's lift up -- qn barne . ..! ooki no down at the presi dent , a eerie feel of deja vu . the group collectively begin move -- barne start clear a path so we can get he out of here ! ( to tayl or ) you get hin ? taylor ( nodd ; yes ) find that shooter ... ( cont ! nued ) 49 . conti nued : ( 3 ) as Taylor and the other | ead ashton away , barne lift he radio , bark order -- barne | want a perimeter set at a half block out . let 's get local authority sweeping through all of the building along the back annex . no one go in or out wthout we go ... he watch as the other carry the presi dent towards await anbul ance ... barne ( cont 's D ) master Command , | need a twenty on potus ... it look bad for the president ; they be / ose he the 's not breathe . as they struggle to save he em !s rush over -- barne ( cont 's D ) repeat , master conmand , core in ... master Command ? ( no response ) danni t ! frustration , rage , it all boil over ; he | ook back at the wndow , then at Enrique . something do not add up . storn over , barne confront enri que -- barne ( cont 's D ) wy 's d you run for hin ? J ankomski enri que barne ... | hear bang , | go -- barne ( cont 's D ) after which shot ? enr que huh , | no -- barne after the first shot or the second one ? enr que the second . barne you get up here pretty fast . enr que -- no , I , | -- ( cont ! nued ) 50 . conti nued : ( 4 ) jankomski barne , he 's a cop . barne stop , turn toward jankowski -- see the badge . barne -- he know sonethi no -- jankomski ( to parson , be : enri que ) gt himout of here . -- the two man face off . out of the corner of he eye , barne notice Taylor return ; he have not get time for this . he head off -- barne there 's no response from master Command -- taylor | just speak wth they 's potus be secure . in the meantime , until we find that shooter , we be shutting dow the city . barne this never shoul do have happen . taylor except that it do and it be on we wat ch . tayl or 's comment sting . barne shake he head , he can not live wth that -- barne vé 's have get to find he .. ( spot lew cki ) Sir , we need you carera . barne run over to lewcki . before he can fully hand it over , barne have the camera . Fe aim it up at the wndowin back annex as Taylor join he barne ( cont 's D ) third over , that 's where the flutter cane from but the shot be to the leave -- taylor wait , you see the shooter ? wshing it be different , barne shake he head -- no . ( cont ! nued ) 51 , conti nued : ( 5 ) barne | see sorething . like a flash of light . ( look back at the with ndow there . -- zoomngin .. there 's something | urking in the shadow -- barne ( cont 's D ) there be something there . lew CKI | see sonet hing too . Taylor look over -- both of themsawit . taylor I ’? 11 go check it out . barne | 's mcone wth -- taylor no . if it 's nothing , let I take the heat . -- barne nod ; understand . turn back to lewcki -- barne do you filmthis entire thing ? ( lew cki nod ) show rre . lew cki reach in , rewnding as barne | ook dom at the screen . all of the action play in reverse ; he track ver onica di sappear into the crowd ... he catch a gli npse of the Agents tussling wth Enrique ... and go even further still , notice Veronica throwng she bag ... suddenly , he stop in he track -- barne ( cont 's D ) -- qh , gd. ( | ook out ; call ) there 's a bonb ... everyone , get down ! turn toward the other , he begin to run -- barne ( cont 's D ) gt dow now ! -- the podi um explode -- ( cont ! nued ) 52 . conti nued : ( 6 ) Fire and debris shoot into the air . the agent be throw . barne be toss aside . the camera be throw off to the side as he tunble . -- slowy , barne get to he foot , take in the horror . the rush toward a fall agent ; its matthevs . he work to revive he he bark out order -- barne ( cont 's D ) vé need nedic here now ! ... mout h-to-rmouth ... it be not work . jankowski rush over but matthews be go . look up , barne and jankowski spot enri que run off . jankowski |ook back to barne ; barne be right -- jankomski ( to the other ) get he back here --!! as jankowski jump to he foot , barne turn again in the direction of the back annex wndow . as he |ook over , lus wth a CNN camera over he shoulder , run past . a idea dawns . stand again , barne race for the exit -- ext . out ! do the plaza - producti on truck - oonti nuoqus barne round the corner , draw close to the truck ... int . CNN headli ne news producti on truck - conti nuqus the door 's 's throw open -- barne secret service , | need to see you tape -- rex kevin Kevin . -- qver here . Kevin slide over to playback as barne draw closer -- barne ( cont 's D ) | need to see any footage you have of the back half of the Plaza -- as Kevin rewnd , we push in on barne as he stop dead in he track . there on one of the playback deck be the freeze image of himgett shot a year earlier . he stare , he eye | ock on the pixilate image of a hero a man he barely recognize , a man he 's be run froma year now . the two nen man face each other at last -- ( cont ! nued ) 93 . cont ! nued : hs phone break the spell . barne breathes deep , sensi no that all eye be on he 's he slowy turn , | ook through rex like he be not there , and go back to kevin S nonitor . barne ( cont 's D ) stop it there . Kevin press play as barne | ean in close , answer the phone -- barne ( cont 's D ) yeah - - taylor ( v.q. ) you be right ... barne about what ? taylor ( v.q ) the shooter . ( barne st op ) |’ minute pursuit , leave the back annex , head west -- barne 's heart skip beat , eye open wde ... barne do you call it in ? taylor ( v.q. ) | need you to -- barne I have get it . @!/ ( into he wrist ) master conmand ... come in . master Command . no response ; static be all that he hear . vindi cate by Taylor 's notice , barne turn to he cell , dial -- barne ( cont 's D ) washi ngton , this be agent barne . master Command be down . m partner be in pursuit of a suspect , we need assist ance out side the back annex , head west along surface street . copy . hanging up , barne turn toward the exit as he call Taylor -- barne ( cont 's D ) back up be onit 's -- ( cont ! nued ) 54 . conti nued : ( 2 ) qut of the corner of he eye , barne catch sight of the D cam moni tor where a poli ce officer run fromthe back annex -- barne ( cont 's D ) rew no that . qn barne ... as he move closer to the d- camnonitor . there on screen be a span sh poli ce officer wth a cell phone to he ear -- taylor ( v.q. ) wat ...? Thomas , what be it ? barne stare at the Spanish police officer ... it 's taylor barne qh , ny God . qn barne -- the shock , horror . beat . suddenly the connection go dead ; Taylor 's go . back out , barne hang up and take off -- ext . CNN headli ne news producti on truck - conti nuqus barne sprint off . rounding a corner , he pick up he pace -- ext . back annex - conti nuqus barne arrive , | ook around . something be clearly wrong . very wo . he have to find Taylor -- -- he eye surveying the scene , he spot a alley way ; tayl or woul d’ve go down there . he sprint dom it . hs pace nore urgent , nore determine . -- look down the narrow alley he see a police car burst onto the road way ahead ; be it Taylor ? wthout hesitation , barne step into the street and a car brake in front of he pun toward the driver 's side -- barne secret service , step out of the car !! -- he do not even wait for a response , grab the dri ver and remove he cinb in , he speed off -- once I nsi do ... barne accelerate . look ahead , the police car be go -- barne ( cont 's D ) shit ... ( cont ! nued ) 95 . cont ! nued : -- suddenly , it dawns on he he phone . grabbing it again , he di al s- - barne ( cont 's D ) washi ngton , this be agent barne , 2395342 . ( beat ; into he phone ) I have lose agent Taylor , he 's in pursuit of a suspect and | need a gs | ocati on of he cellular ... as he pass through the next intersection , he | ook to he left and he catch sight of a police car 200 yard dow , pick up another offi cer ( javier ) -- barne slam on he brake , force the car behind himto stop as well . barne jerk the car into reverse as he attempt back up the rest of the way into the intersection ; he 's get to keep up -- horn blare as he | ook dow the STREET as the Police car have turn right , run parallel -- flip the gear back into drive , barne accelerate again . try to figure it out ; where be Taylor go ? he weave through traffic , avoid pedestrian as he watch the car crossing the next intersection -- -- up ahead , a truck block a portion of the road and barne veer hard , narrowy miss -- he 's get to get closer -- barne ( cont 's D ) ( the operator core back ) he 's 's ( sner & he 's head for the river ? he look out the wndow for | andmark , the street be too narrow , there 's nothing . barne ( cont 's D ) -- that 's where everyone be headi no ? reaching the top of a hill , barne | ook around -- the river |s beh nd hm _ Taylor set up a decoy -- barne ( cont 's D ) sonuvabi t ch ! ( back into the phone ) alright , | know how this be go to sound , but they be not go to find anyone . no , | know ! make the call . ( more ) ( cont ! nued ) 56 . conti nued : ( 2 ) barne ( cont 's D ) | know , but just listen -- you 's have get to get that agent back fromthe river , there 's something else go on ... master Command be conpromise , there 's no twenty on potus -- ( no one 's buy it ) damnit , listen to I -- ( hangi no up ) goddami t ! seal he resolve , he slam the phone dow -- he 's go to have to do it himself ... eye straight ahead , he hit the gas hard -- shoot forward -- at the next cross-street , he cut into the narrow alley -- the police car be now 150 yard ahead -- barne push wth everything he 's get ... he draw closer , and closer ... he 's get to stop they -- dow a SI do STREET he see a ambulance | eave car in it 's wake , the tell tale sign of chaos run amok ... he exhales as he speed toward the next intersection -- the li ght change -- he 's gonna make it ; yell owturn - to- red -- a car smack the tail end of barne car .. set it off course . the rear fender hang , scraping against the ground . on the police car.. as the collision cause Taylor to | ook back in the rearview , before turn to see barne . the two man lock eye . Taylor can not believe it , all at once the chase shift into a even higher gear ... dow the narrow spanish roadway they go ... taylor turn hard and by the time barne arrive at the intersection , Taylor 's already turn again -- fl ghti no to keep up , barne speed to the end of the bl ock only to look around and see ... nothing ... 7 tay / or 's go -- barne ( cont 's D ) C non ... think . canvassi no the landscape . .he cruise forward only to hear the screech of tire off to the side . /t have to be Taylor -- barne race ahead . ignoring all sense of reason , he barrel forward , cut themoff -- ( cont ! nued ) 57 . conti nued : ( 3 ) brake screech , horn blare as he make it across the first two lane of car ... head toward the downward sl opi no on - ranp that must have be Taylor 's destination -- just prior to the on ramp , a truck smashes he si de door -- on barne ... as he 's trap in this shoe box as the car be thrust sideways , he hurtle closer and closer toward a wall . the truck slam on | ts brake , but it 's too late . smash barne be j amre between the truck and the wall . catch he breath , barne kick through wndshi eld , force he way out - - truck dri ver [ wiat 's the matter wth you ! ?] -- barne do not have time for answer as he run forward , he gun out in front -- barne move ! ! in the DI stance ... barne can see that the car have st opped down bel ow , he actually have a shot . he can make out the back of taylor in the driver 's seat ... and there 's a cop ( javier ) out in front , talk to enrique redoubling he effort , barne push wth all he 's worth -- bang Enrique fall to the ground . as javier round the car , head closer to the fall man -- barne ( cont 's D ) freeze ! ! javier |ook up and immediately fire -- -- strike barne . barne |ook down , shocked . hs abdone redden and as he set himself , fire back at javier -- -- he shot connect , hit javier . javier run back toward the car as taylor accelerate -- javi er wait -- -- instead , Taylor fire at javier . javier 's down and tayl or take off . barne do not even hesitate . he run forward , fire as he go , aim for the tire -- -- he hit one and the car skid , spark fly , more shot -- the rear W ndow shatter - - ( conti nued ) 58 . conti nued : ( 4 ) -- the carturn wildly . Taylor 's hit -- the alr bag explode . the Police car spin out of control , coast - ski ddi no - crash into the guard rail . barne run cl oser ... gun draw , he free hand hold he wound . reaching the car , he throw the door open and pull Taylor out . hurling himback against the car , the two friend come face - to- face , bloody and bow . Taylor 's beat . the wound clearly have suck the life from he -- barne goddam you ! you use be -- ... Taylor gasp for air ... barne ( cont 's D ) | trust you ! taylor -- you can not stop it ... barne what have you do ? ( tayl or shake he head ) what have you do ! ? answer be ! ... and he 's go -- barne ( cont 's D ) noo !!! !! -- barne look out to find a landscape of chaos . car have collide ... there 's a overturn truck wth its under belly face he look across , something catch barne 's eye -- barne ( cont 's D ) qh , ny God -- -- barne take off , run and we track frombehind , take note of the ear piece still in he ear . juvpingin close , have CUT to. 59 . int . pre ! denti al li mo - chryon : 15 m nute earli er w’ be | ook at presi dent ashton from over the shoul der of the secret service ; the agent 's earpiece | etting we know where we be . as he talk on the phone , we hear the drine of the CNN in the backgr ound . ashton ( 1 i ght - heart ed ) -- whan exactly do we think the change 's | | be ready , Rick ? it 's not like Il be suppose to be give a speech now | suppose | can just wng it . |’ msure that 's 11 be okay ... how nuch trouble can | really get myself into ? a shadow fall across he face , | ook up , ashton see 's they move through a underpass . the motorcade sl ow dow . ashton ( cont 's D ) vw 's be st oppi no ? he turn to the secret servi ce agent that face he -- agent cavic & sower ( not barne & Taylor ) . no response . before we can question what happen to barne & Taylor the door open . ted heinkin , senior presidential attache , climb in . hei nkin ( 30 ) be the President 's '' go to '' guy . hei nki N M. President -- ashton turn , lock on heinkin 's face . in that monent everything change -- Christ -- ashton Rick , I | x11 call you back . after he hang up -- he ! nki N the NSA just confirm the threat . ashton be 's 's phi ! ? he ! nki N the hotel , he 's on wth the Joint Chiefs . ashton |ook up as another mot orcade pass by . ashton he send the double , do not he ? ( cont ! nued ) 60 . cont ! nued : he ! nki N yes. ( to the dri ver ) vé’ be take potus to the hotel . the Driver nod and we vehicle begin to nove again -- ashton nod ; he displeasure be hard to contain . hei nkin ( cont 's D ) vé move the speech till tonorrow . ( wait for ashton 's response bef ore ) vé let the Press know that we be '' defer '' to Prime mnister gutierrez , as we be in he country . ashton ( sarcastic ) defer , that 's great . ( beat ) ... today of all day . beat ; read the presi dent 's expression -- he ! nki N ve 's have have double since Reagan . ashton for photo op , not for anything this big . he ! nki N ( try to re-assure ) he 's not go to say anything -- ashton he do not have to . the President |ook out as the car turn down into a alley . shadow cut across he face as they drop down out of vi ew -- int . parking garage - conti nuqus the lim ) enter . the garage door close behind the car . stand in wait be two secret service agent and Chief of staff , ph ) L m¢cullough the car stop . the secret service step out before escort ashton toward the elevator -- mccullough ashton Sir -- talk to I , phil . ( cont ! nued ) 61 . conti nued : mocullough NSA call it about five minute ago . there 's 's no question -- it 's real . ashton and we know who it be ...? mocullough it look like it 's a local group , wth sore sort of vague connection to the mj ahedi n bri gade . ( beat ) two week ago , U.S. special force uncover a plot to smuggle a dirty bonb out of mrrocco . wé take they man and they bonb and this may be they retaliation ... the elevator door be hold open by a agent , who step out as the presi dent , hei nkin , mecullough and cavic step in . another agent ( somver ) sw pes he pass card on the elevator , lock out the other floor . as the agent step out of the elevator , he speak into he radio -- secret servi ce agent potus be move -- match CUT to . int . security room - conti nuqus on a bank of securi ty camera screen ... as we watch ashton frominside the elevator as McCullough hand hima dossier . ashton this be they --? cross CUT wth : int . elevator - conti nuous ashton | ook dom at the dossier , open to a grainy digital photo of tehuel Suarez ; in the photo he sit , bearded and brood wth several other -- he ! nki N ( nodd ; poi nti no ) that 's tehuel Suarez . as near as we can tell , he head up the group . ( conti nued ) 62 . cont ! nued : ashton ( be : the photo ) how old be this ? hei nki N a for ew year . ashton keep turn , as he move to the next -- mocullough a couple day ago , we intercept a email between rmenber of he group . enbedd in it be link to map , bl ue - print of the area ... as he turn to the next page , we see a email threaten the President 's life ... mccullough ( cont 's D ) ( be : the email ) it be not until this morning , that we recei ved the threat . ashton skin it , before close it . he 's see enough . ashton you talk to the Joint Chiefs ? ( mecull ough nod ; yes ) wat be they reconrendi no ? mccullough that we go after they | eadership -- ashton ( skeptical ) they | eader shi p ? mccullough ( noddi no ) vé 's have get a satellite lock on one of they canp ... asht on 's frustrated ; that be not go to make any difference right now -- ashton do with even knowif the order cane from that hi gh ? mocullough vw 's have get verification of the threat -- ( cont ! nued ) 63 . conti nued : ( 2 ) ashton but as for where it begin ...? mccullough not hing yet -- ashton then why not focus on the one who be here , who be actually do this ? mocullough we be . we be work wth Spanish authority -- ashton but ... mccullough it 's a big city . ashton -- this summit be too inportant -- mccullough | know , Sir . but we be | ook for five people out of six million . Wire try -- ashton try harder . silence . beat . the door open and cavic lead they out -- int . HOTEL hallway - conti nuqus they pass a secret servi ce agent by the elevator , and another agent stand guard outside the presi dent 's door . more sil ence . cavic slide he key card into the door and enter . int . pre ! denti al SUI te - conti nuoqus ashton enter . he move toward the wndow , mere we can practically feel the crowd , just a block and a half away . beat ; he | ook out over the Plaza and then the City at | arge -- he can not help but feel trap . turn back to mqullough , he have the television on CNN -- qn screen ... the for aux - ashton greet foreign leader . the real ashton gl are , disgust ed . ( cont ! nued ) 64 . cont ! nued : ashton he do not even | ook like be . finish he hellos , the faux - ashton flank the mayor -- do soto ( qn screen ) Buenos tarde . vélcone . thank you so nuch for be here . this be a wondrous day . today , we nake history ! appl ause carry . as De soto wait for the crowd to quiet , ashton notice behind the faux - ashton , agent thovas barne -- ashton that 's 's Thomas . ( mecull ough nod ; yes ) | think he be still inactive -- he ! nki N -- he be . ashton 's surprised ; beat . see barne have open hi m up . the tension of the previous norent seer forget at the sight of he protector -- ashton if he 's back , why be not he wth not ? he ! nki N ( look of for mecull ough bef ore ) vé be not sure if he be ready -- ashton you send he out there . mccullough vé need someone to '' sell '' the double . ashton to sell -- he take a bullet for I , phil . mccullough and | ook at he ashton he have not stop puni shi no hi rsel for since . mccullough look , | like himevery bit as much as you do , but we need to know we can count on himagain before put himon you detail -- ( conti nued ) 65 . conti nued : ( 2 ) ashton -- and so you throw himout there to see if he could ? silence ; ashton turn away from McCullough , di smi ssi have . do soto ( qn screen ) ... therefore , | offer you ny gty , my heart and ny hope ... qn the televi SI on applause erupt . the body double / ashton wave fromthe podium the envtion swell -- until -- bang Shots ring out . the faux - President drop to the ground . ashton watch . hs own nortality all too apparent . Long sil ence . ashton ( be : the Joint chi ef 's be econmendat i on ) tell I who we be go after . mecgull ough nod , however , as he start talk , the presi dent 's eye be draw back to the Tel evi sion . push | N on ashton as he stare . mull ough speak in the background , but right now he can not be hear . ashton 's nind be adrift , lose -- on screen barne rush to aid the body double ; this be deja vu ... ashton ( cont " D ) ( look off of barne ) ... Jesus . mccullough M. President . ashton gather hinself ; he want someone to pay ... someone have to pay . turn back toward mccul ! ough -- mocullough ( cont 's D ) the Joint Chiefs have a satellite lock on one of the mj ahedin canp ... they be ready to go ... ashton |ook over to heinkin , who appear skeptical . ( cont ! nued ) 66 . conti nued : ( 3 ) ashton ( be : hei nki n) wat 's the probl en ? mccullough there 's a issue wth when we can go -- ashton @ now -- he ! nki N you can not give the order ... ( i rone c ) you 's have be shot . if we go now , with risk tell the world that you be not there . ashton | do not care . | want that order give . he ! nki N Sir -- ashton Kevin wll work up a story -- he ! nki N that 's not go to fly . ashton dammit , we need to be at that sunmit . so if we have to go to sone goddam hospi tal and put on a show about how |’ m okay , then that 's what we will do ... but we be not sit this one out . hei nkin | ook over to mcul ! l ough . mocullough | think we need to talk about this -- ashton |’ mdone talk . the sooner we get the word out that |’ mokay , the better -- vé hear a car bomb explode sore seven storey bel ow ( the sare unseen expl osi on that CNN pick up on ) . whndow shatter -- mocullough Holy , Christ -- stand , he look out at the chaos -- FI re , wreckage -- people have be throw by the fury of the blast ; it 's clear what he have to do . ( cont ! nued ) 67 . conti nued : ( 4 ) cavic M. President , please step away fromthe glass -- ashton turn back to he staff , while cavic radio the securi ty room - - cavi C ( cont 's D ) cavic to Security room -- ashton ( lethal ; be : the joi not - ( chi efs ) Cal | the Joint Chiefs . w're end this . ( to mecul | ough ) | want Rick draft something asap . everything 's fine -- everything be okay . gose the door _on this now . cavi C Security room cone in -- he ! nki N wat 's the matter ? cavi C I ’? mnot get through . ( try agai n) Cone in , Security -- mccullough alright , we be leave , right now . cavi C until we confirmwith master Command , | can not recommend that course of action -- hei nki N Jesus . on ashton as he reach for the phone , he dial . ashton ( into the phone ) it 's the President . be my wfe there ? ( beat ; to mqul ! ough ) vw have to be better than this , phil . as he wait for he wife to pick up , heinkin and mcullquh begin speak on two of the other phone li nes . ( cont ! nued ) 68 . conti nued : ( 5 ) ashton ( cont " D ) Kay , it 's I . yeah , it 's okay . ( beat ) no , |’ mfine , reall y-- all of the sudden the door cove unh nged -- the entire panel be launch across the room ashton turn in shock as snoke coil into the room cavi C M. President , get dow ! ! suddenl y , a man wth a gas mask enter , he gun out in front . he fire , peg cavic . ashton drop toward the floor , shield himself -- -- as the man unload on both hei nkin , then mecullough . bullet spray as ashton struggle toward the bedroom smxe fill in around he before he get there , he 's stop by the man wth the gas mask man wth the gas mask do not nove . on the man wth the gas mask as he ain at ashton . instead of fire , he reach into he bag and pull out a second gas mask -- man wth the gas mask ( cont 's D ) put it on . ashton wat -- man wth the gas mask put it on ... now . after ashton obey , the man grab he hand and smack hand cuff down on he wist . the pain be apparent in he action -- man wth the gas mask ( cont 's D ) let 's go ... ... poke by the butt of he fire arm ashton 's thrust forward , out of the room -- 69 . int . HOTEL hallway - conti nuqus as they hurry forward , they pass the down body of the secret servi ce . on ashton ... refuse he enoti on . rounding a corner , they stand just shy of the el evator entrance . immediately , the man rip the mask from ashton 's face . as he do , the elevator ch | ms . the sound jar the man and he turn back , he gun aim straight ahead -- qn the elevator door as they open . he 's poise to shoot until he see veron CA enter , in front of she be gurney that she wheel forward -- | mredi ately , Veronica raise a drug - douse handkerchief to ashton S face . ashton 's eye roll back as they catch himfromfalling . amd the haze , ashton can hear voice , but the word be unintelligible as they go to work on ashton -- -- hs shirt be rip as he 's | owrre onto the gurney -- -- hs armis prick by the iv -- -- a oxygen mask core dom on he face and he breath be now audible . ashton can hear the man wth the gas mask head off . wthin second , ashton 's shove into the elevator -- int . elevator - conti nuous ashton 's eye glaze as a sheet be spread over he alter the light before it come down , cover he body . ashton see the vague outline of a woman -- suddenly , the door open -- int . HOTEL lobby - conti nuqus as ashton 's wheeled out , it |ook like a bomb have just go off . a man ( the maestro rush to assist and together they wheel ashton forward -- qn a secret servi ce agent who screan into he radio . ashton want desperately to speak -- call out for help -- only he can not manage the word . all around , local police and eml help the | njure as veron CA & the maestro push the presi dent outside -- 70 . ext . HOTEL - conti nuoqus li ght glare from above as the meestro and Veronica bring the President to the back of the emergency vehicle . the back anbulance door OPEN and the gurney wheel fold back as he 's slidin . on ashton as he eye be draw to a young bell man ( felipe ) lie on the ground . hs glaze , open eye stare back ... dead it be a image that haunt ashton ; this wll be he if he do not do something . anything ... int . emergency vehi cle - conti nuous just as the door close , a second mn enter the back wth ashton . ashton 's hand still tie together and he head overpower by the drug . he shake he head , struggle to core to ; véke up ... ... suddenl y , the door in front open and the maestro and veron CA climb in . the car 's start , siren blare . they be off . as they continue , ashton rock himself back and forth , desperate to regain control . finally he draw enough nonentumto hurl himself off the side of the gurney onto the floor -- maestro ( 0 . S. ) ( fromthe front seat ) [ what 's d he do ? ] -- ashton 's armis still fastened to the | V drip . as the weight of he armpull it clear , he lie on the floor -- man S voce ( o.s. ) [ ... he fall off . ] maestro ( os . ) [ he 's fine . leave he ] the car accelerate again and the cross talk pick up around he lyi no on the floor .. ashton brace himself , push , curling into a seat position . he can hear voice but have no idea what 's be say -- ( cont ! nued ) 71 . cont ! nued : search wildly , ashton 's hand find the metal pole from which the iv drip hang . discover it , he grip hard , fight for leverage . hs expression seal ; he with !/ not die quietly . wthin the conversation , the second man grow concer ned . there 's clearly a tension here . Building , building until ... Shots be FI red inside the car -- qn ashton -- as he bring both hand up and grab the pole . lift it . he can not wait any longer -- it 's nowor never -- ashton swng , cl ock veronica in the head . she cry out . maestro ( q.s. ) ( cont 'd ) stop he Veronica get out of she seat , move back toward the pre ! dent . he fight , swinging again and again . hs vision still impair , he 's will as he try to fend she off . Veronica pull out she gun , aim at he leg as he block as best he can -- maestro ( cont 's D ) -- do not kill he she fire into he leg . ashton go dom -- veron CA scream -- just then the vehicle turn wildly and he 's throw . we roll , ashton 's head strike the wndow pane , mark it wth blood -- as he drop to the ground . the last vestige of consci ousness be go -- -- as he head drop back , he eye dimand we CUT to. 72 . ext . plaza major - chryon : 15 m nute earlier on the couple ... that lewcki have film earlier . drawing closer , we get a second |ook at veronica her eye be lock on the man across fromher . its no wonder that lew cki mistake the intensity for desire ... ... however , stand before she be javier as he stare back , we get afar different sense of the man . beneath he steel y eye we sense a darkness , a man who have |ost he soul , fight nowto restore it . hol ding a man 's bracelet in she hand , Veronica smile -- veron CA | think you have want it for luck . javi er | want to know he 's okay . she look at himagain before agree . reaching into she pocket , she retrieve she cell phone , hand to he -- vercni CA ( be : video foot age ) this be take fifteen minute ago . | think you will find that we be take good care of he .. look down at the screen , javier see a clip of he brother ( m quel , 16 ) stare back , bound , gag , he eye pl eadi no . ... javier glare back at Veronica -- javier what have you do to hin ? vercni CA he 's still in one piece , you should be happy about that . javier bring he rage inward ; he 's wthout option . Veronica move closer , whisper into he ear -- veron CA ( cont 's D ) as long as you do what you 's be suppose to , you brother wll be fine . ( put the bracel et on ) but if you fail ... this wll be the last thing you have to renenber he by . javier pull away and she snile -- sinister . ( cont ! nued ) 13 . cont ! nued : javier do not worry about not . vé follow himtoward the entrance . as he maneuver the crowd , he pass anwa wth she nother , marie . a fully fl edge | ce cream cone in hand . annais bunped , but the cone stay together -- mari E [ Anna . ..] ( Anna 's not |i st ening ) [ Anna , |’ mnot go to tell you again . i’ Il take it away fromyou -- ] neari no the entrance ... javier spot enri que at the security check point . they eye connect . enri que 's | ook seen dark , potentially threaten -- further confirmation that he can trust none of this people . ext . out ! do the plaza - conti nuoqus javier slip out , check he watch as he go ; he 's late . roundi no a corner ... he pick up the pace , try to catch up for lose time . as he walk , he fish a ear piece fromhis pocket . almost inmedi ately , he pick up a conversationin midstream lead be the maestro , the brain behi no they oper ation -- maestro ( V. q._ ) ... stick wth the protestor . vé never see this . ( ironic ) no one hate the aneri can . the comentary hardly affect javier . he hurry out into the street -- beat . mestro ( cont 's D ) javi er . javier @ ahead . mestro ( v.q ) be be you ? javi er I ’? mon ny wey . mestro ( v.q ) '' the slight mistake could screw we al / ( conti nued ) 74 , cont ! nued : wile its unclear as to wnat this refer , we hear | aughter on the other end ; possibly maestro , possibly someone else -- mestro ( cont 's D ) you brother speak very highly of you special force training ... javier can not stomach listen any | onger ... he just want to do what be require and go . mestro ( cont 's D ) javier ? javi er |’ m here . m4estro do_ not di sappoi nt_us . javier exhales as he lower he wist . look ahead at -- ext . posh HOTEL - establi shi no - cont ! nuous javier walk toward the entrance ... as he cross the street , we note that half the street be barricade off . as he pass through the barricade , felipe ( the sare young bell man we see at the end of ashton 's story ) approach ... offer he hand . fel ! pe [ good afternoon , sir . ] javier barely nod as he shake he hand . while we do not see the exchange , in javier 's hand , he now hold a small credit-card size envel ope ( which felipe slip to he as he head i nsi de . int . posh HOTEL - conti nuous as javier enter , he take note of the secret service both inside and out . he make he way toward the elevator , open the envelope . casually | ook down , he retrieve a card key -- in the elevator lobby ... javier press the button , | ook over at a nearby agent , who appear to be si zing hi mup . mai not be ning he composure , javier turn away , refuse to give the agent a reason to approach . the elevator door open and javier enter . he press '' 5 , '' and wait as the door close . just prior to close , a hand stop the door . a older wovan enter , flustered . she press '' 3 '' and the door close . as she turn to face front , javier check he watch ; time be not on he side ... 15 . int . elevator - conti nuous silence . all eye be on the light as they climb : 1 ...2 ... in he ear , javier hear the mayor S speech : do soto ( v.q ) ... this be a wondrous day . today , we make history ! ding third floor . the door open and she exit . he step forward ; it 's time to nove -- just as the elevator begin to move again , javier pull the stop button . the carriage hold and he reach up to the emergency panel , push it open , and retrieve a bag hide above . bring it down , he push the stop button back and the elevator continue to clinb . int . fifth floor - HOTEL - conti nuous leave the elevator , javier move wth purpose dom the hall , listen to do soto speech ... as he walk dom the hall , he nod to a housekeepi no woman - - pay close attention as she step back into one of the roon ... further down , he stop at room 514 -- check back , the hall 's clear . setting down he bag , he reach in , retrieve one of he gun -- do soto ( v.q ) vé nust cone together on this day , in this renown place , to band together for peace . just then , the door across the hall open and javier shut he bag ... as a famly of asian tourist enter . pr e-occupi ed wth they kid , the parent hardly notice javier . the strai ns to smile at the young boy , who seen take wth im .. hs hand still in the bag , still hold the weapon , javi er wai ts ... unsure of what to do ... as the boy stare at this oni nous fi gure ... ... the parent call out to the boy . javier | ook dom at he go -- ( cont ! nued ) 16 . cont ! nued : do soto ( cont ' D ) therefore | offer you ny gty , ny heart and ny hope ... -- finally , the father grab he son 's hand , | ead he off ... applause - - javier exhales as they exit . renoving two firearn , silencer attach to each , javier turn toward the door -- in he ear , he hear bang the first shot in the plazais fire -- scream , cary -- -- javier slide the key card halfway in and wait -- -- bang a second shot -- javier release the safeties ; ready -- taylor vé have get agsw !! repeat , gsw vé need to nove Eagle now let 's go , nove it ! @ , go , go , go , go -- -- hear he cue , javier slide the key all the way in . the red light turn GREEN he throw open the door -- int . room 514 - conti nuous the three men inside half - turn . just second ago they be transfix by a series of security mn tor ( which incl ude image of the Plaza ) , radio monitor , and al ! of the HOTEL 's securi ty feed -- javier fire . the shot be silent as the first and then the second agent - techni cl a go down . the th rd reach for he firearm but he 's too late -- javier beat himto the punch . barne ( v.q ) start clear a path so we can get he out of here !! javier | ower the volume as he fire additional kill shot into each , hurry to the conputer . javier ( into he mic ) Security room clear -- maestro ( V. .. ) do you have the frequency ? ( conti nued ) tf. cont ! nued : on the covputer screen javier read the frequency bandw dth , mark '' HOTEL detail . '' as he lean in , he yank two of the transnitter fromthe set up , thereby disconnect themfromthe network -- javi er 38974 . 54986 . 026 . maestro ( V. '' ) confirm : 38974 . 54986 . 026 . javi er conf i be mo . q he way out , javier pick up a ear piece fromone of the man as he go ... int . fifth floor hallway - conti nuqus he step out , head toward the end of the hall and the -- int . stai rwell - conti nuogus enter , he climb one flight , then another . while he climb , he throw : a belt wth the requisite charge and canni ster over he shoulder and fix a gas mask to the top of he head ( not yet obscure he face ) -- he stop as he draw near to the seventh floor . catch he breath , he check in on barne 's conversation -- barne ( v.q_ ) -- repeat a twenty on potus , over ... ( no response ) mast er conmand -- -- turn down the volume , he | ook at the bracelet around he wist . the emotion tug at himin way he cannot express -- all of the sudden the ground shake . he can hear scream , cry as the car bomb expl ode downstairs ... ... move to a wndow , javier | ook down to see the black smxe that shade the aftermath , the scatter of people , rubble and debris -- -- javier step away fromthe wndow , refuse to deal wth he emotion . in the background , he hear over the secret service radi o-- ( cont ! nued ) 18 . cont ! nued : mestro ( v.q ) Agents down . repeat agent down -- have have a situation at the front , require immedi eat back up now ! -- head up to the | and above , javier duck out of sight as agent enter the stairwell fromthe seventh floor and bel ow , hurry down toward the ground | evel -- qnce , they 's have go , javier breathes deep ; this be it . he move back toward the door and open it -- q the other side , only one agent be leave to guard the stairwell . immediately javier fire , take out the agent -- int . HOTEL hallway - conti nuqus javier enter , gun out in front -- he noverent and accuracy a testament to he training . near the elevator , he lock in on a second agent and wthout a nonent 's hesitation , he fire again -- nail he javier continue around a corner . the remain no agent on the floor turn and javier strike before the man even have a chance . at the presi dent 's S door -- javier mount a explosive . he step back , | ower the gas mask onto he face -- -- the charge explode -- bl ow no the door clean off -- cavic ( os . ) M. President , get dow ! ! -- javier toss a gas cannister into the suite , readying he weapon as he step in behind -- int . pre ! denti al SUI te - conti nuqus javier enter , he gun out infront . cavic fire and javier strike back . wthin second , cavic be down -- ashton drop toward the floor , shield himself as javier unl oad on hei nkin , send the man back . qn mccullough ... as javier turn , fire repeatedly . McCullough drop . once the other be down , javier turn to asht on . ( cont ! nued ) 79 . cont ! nued : javier do not nove . ashton stop . turn around . on javier .. draw closer , he gun train on ashton . from he back , he pull out the second gas mask -- javier ( cont 's D ) put it on . ashton javi er wat -- put it on ... now . after ashton obey , javier grab ashton 's wist and smack hand cuff down on they ( nce they 's be secure -- javier ( cont 's D ) let 's go ... ... poke by the butt of he fire arm ashton 's thrust forward , out of the room -- int . HOTEL hallway - conti nuqus as they move forward , they pass the down body of the secret service . javier can not help to look at they face . he 's force to consider the destruction he have wought -- on javi er as he lead the President ... round ! no a corner they stand just shy of the elevator . arrive , he | ook around once nore , before stop the President -- rip the mask fromhis face . javier | ook back at ashton for the first time , acknow edging what he 's do . turn away , he notice blood beneath he followng it 's path back up , he suddenly realize ; he 's be shot . hs chest have reddene around the entry wound . look at it now , javier 's expression drop . it |ook bad -- just then , the elevator ch mes . the sound jar javier , and he turn , he gun aim straight ahead -- on the elevator as the door open . Veronica enter and immediately raise a handker chi ef to ashton S face . ashton 's eye roll back . ( cont ! nued ) 80 . cont ! nued : as she lower ashton onto the gurney , she begin rip he shirt away -- -- javier |ook down at he own injury , appraise he option . beat -- javi er let himgo -- vercni CA -- what be you talk about ? javier aim he gun at the President -- she stop -- javi er m_brother . |’ have do ny part , let he go ... veron CA put the gun down . javi er make the call or | pull the trigger . vercni CA @ ahead . do it . beat ; he turn to she . she can not be serious , only she do not flinch . she do not so much as blink -- javier cock the gun , set he shot ... veron CA ( cont 's D ) do it , and you brother 's dead . -- javier 's catch -- he hand begin to trenble -- veron ! CA ( cont 's D ) can you live wth that ? he stare down at the gun ; what 's he go to do -- veron ! CA ( cont 's D ) know no that you brother die because of you ? javier glare ; he can not trust she , he can not afford not to ... veroni CA ( cont 's D ) javier . you will get you brother . Enrique be go to deliver himat the underpass ... do not mess it up now . ( cont ! nued ) 81 , conti nued : ( 2 ) beat ; he | ower the gun , back away ... javi er nothing have better happen to he veron ! CA nothing wll . javier sprint off into -- the stai rvell qnce inside , he rip away he clothes and begin pull out the remain itemfromthe bag ... a police uniform as he run / j unp the stair to each | and , he transforn himself into a Spanish police officer . arrive at the lobby level , javier 's a newman . qpene the door , he turn to the service entrance , pitching the bag -- ext . posh HOTEL - back alley - conti nuoqus exiting the hotel , javier run dow a darken alley -- ext . clty STREET - conti nuqus avoi ding the aftermath of the explosion and the mayhem javier sprint onto one last narrower path -- ext . alley - conti nuqus javier race dow , he leg punping . cone to the end , he stop ; the pain in he chest be severe . hs jacket begin to noi st en ...! ook around , he 's alone ; where the hel ! be the car 4 wat if he 's be leave here ? what of he brother -- shit . he 's get to do something . search , search -- across the street , a husband and wfe open they car door . he 's will have to take it . javier step off the curb , head over just as -- -- the police car brake right in front of he pound the side , javier throw the door open and clinb in -- javi er let 's go ... -- Taylor hit the gas -- 82 . ext . ty street - conti nuqus SI rens blare as the police car speed forward . people j unp fromthe street as the vehicle race past . javier C non ... c’ non . Taylor look over at javier ; what the fuck 's you probl en ? press the gas pedal again , he accelerate further ... javier look around , itching . still not fast enough . the have to get there . he have to nove ... tayl or watch himout of the corner of he eye as they continue down the side street and through the alley -- get back onto a main road , javier | ook down at he injury . the bl eed have not stop -- -- Taylor watch -- taylor it 's bad . but javier refuse the conversation , shaking he head -- javier it do not matter ... -- just then they hear a crash in the background . look back there 's 's a damaged car behind they Taylor | ook again . taylor Christ . javier read Taylor 's face as he 's recogni zed barne in the car behind they --- taylor ( cont 's D ) ( into he radio ) ve 's have get conpany -- it 's barne . maestro ( V. .. ) can you | ose hi n ? taylor -- work on it -- | mvedi ately taylor slam on the gas -- and they neck show we the wii p-effect of the accel eration . ( cont ! nued ) 83 . conti nued : maestro ( V. qo . ) until you do , steer clear . taylor under st ood - - on javier ..as he shake he head ; no . not without he brother -- javier vw 's be go to the underpass now -- taylor you hear what he say . javier | ’? m pick up ny brother . Taylor |ook over to see javier have a gun draw . taylor be you out of you mind ? wé be about to get pay -- javi er ( rel ease the safety ) either you be come wth or I | 's Il drive nyself . tayl or |ook back again ; he 't / have to / ose barne -- taylor ( under he breath ) ... unbel i evabl e. -- Taylor turn hard , revving again , they cut through traffic , weaving until they cut off both side -- scream at they -- car crash no to avo 'd -- they turn at a 330 - degree angle dow a on ranp -- -- barne be hit . hs car begin to fade into the chaos . javier exhales ; they make it . taylor ( cont 's D ) ... happy ? javi er just drive . head for the underpass , the car begin to pick up speed as a phone ring . Taylor answer ... ( conti nued ) 84 . conti nued : ( 2 ) taylor yeah . enr que [ be be you ? ] taylor look up -- up ahead ... we see enrique in the distance ... stand al one . javier 's expression drop -- see the police car , Enrique hang up . a snile broadcast across he face . however , javier 's expression harden ; he brother 's not there . as they stop , javier open the car door , step out ; they set himup -- enr ! que as plan , no ... ... as Enrique reach for something behind he javier sense danger and beat himto the draw -- javier not exactly . javier fire , Enrique fall . move closer , javier kick the gun out of Enrique 's reach before pick it up -- javier ( cont 's D ) -- you be go to pay ... ( gl aring down as enri que gag ) wy ! ?! why do you do it !? enr que ( spitting back at hin @ to hell . javi er ( be ming agai n) after you . as javier prepare to finish Enrique off , he hear shot fire frombehind . he turn to see barne run dow the hill toward he -- barne freeze ! ! -- javier turn and fire -- strike barne -- ( conti nued ) 85 . conti nued : ( 3 ) -- as he run back to the car , Taylor accelerate -- javi er vai t ! -- javier 's expose , run after the car as barne fire again -- peg he -- -- javier hang on to the door , open it -- -- and Taylor fire back , finish javier -- all at once , he hand slip and javier fall to the ground . shot ring out all around he one after the other .. gass shatter . javier , he vision fade , |ook over as the car spin and crash - - -- barne run past ... ... and javier 's head drop , he eye fall to he shirt , now soak through ... and the bracelet hang awkwardly from he wist ... CUT to . 86 . ext . SMALL cafe ; plaza major - chryon : 15 m nute earlier qn a scoop of ice cream .. as it be gather . w'’reina small cafe on the northwest side of the Plaza . through the freezer glass , anna watch as it all come together . as the cone be hand to she , she mother , marie , pay -- mari E ( to the clerk ) gaci as. ( to Anna ) [ you |i ke ? ] Anna wag she head as she lick she cone ... marie ( cont 's D ) [ Al right , then . let 's eat and walk ... ] as Marie lead she away , Anna nonentarily stop to |ook at a man smling back at she . as she leave , we nove in on he -- this be we first chance to see the man . qean shaven and put together , he be the clean up version of the man from the President 's dossier ; this be tehuel suarez ( aka the maestro , . suarez ( into he wist microphone ) javi er ? no response ; Suarez turn to the television and catch si ght of the reporter , ange -- ange ( qv ow ) -- President ashton with !/! be neet wth leader fromal ! of the european Union country ... Suarez turn fromthe television to the palmpilot he have before he qm it 's face , we see the sare email we see mecgul | ough show ashton , however , we be | ess focus on the whole as nuch as on word like '' assassinate '' and '' presi dent ; '' it be clear that this originate here wth Suarez ... ange ( v.q ) ( cont 'd ) .../ n the hope of bring the continent together in the ongoing war against terror ... qn the televi SI on -- b-cam pan across the outside of the Plaza where protestor raise sign of discontent -- ( conti nued ) 87 . cont ! nued : ang E ( cont 's D ) ... certainly everyone here be synpathetic to that who / ost | oved one in the recent bonbi no . suarez ( into he mce ) stick wth the protestor . split screen W th : ext . out ! do the plaza - conti nuoqus as lus 's camera record the protestor . W see the placard and sign . the anti-american sentiment be hard to miss ... suarez ( i rone c) vé never see this . no one hate the areri can . ... it 's clear that Suarez 's give the order -- split screen agai N : int . CNN producti on truck - cont ! nuqus rex look up at Luis 's monitor ( b-cam -- rex Luis , be you go to nove or what ? as rex continue , we focus in on Luis -- lus ( to Suarez ; in spani sh ) [ | 's have get himlecture I right now . importance of stay on script . ] '' the slight mistake could screw we up . '' back to . ext . cafe / plaza major - cont ! nuoqus Suarez chuckle , before raise he microphone again -- suarez javier . javier ( v.q ) @ ahead . ( cont ! nued ) 88 . conti nued : suarez be be you ? javier ( v.q ) I ’? mon ny wey . suarez '' the slight mistake could screw we al ] .. luis laugh at the inference . suarez ( cont 's D ) you brother speak very highly of you special force training ... ( sil ence ) javi er ? javier ( v.q ) |’ m here . suarez do_ not di sappoi nt_us . beat . lus ( v.q ) you have it all work out ... CUT to . int . limo - conti nuqus qn barne -- | ook out the wndow as the vehicle head into the underpass -- suarez ( v.q ) to the last detail . lus ( v.q ) and the presi dent ? back to . int . SMALL cafe - conti nuous on suarez - - suarez wat about hi n ? CUT to . 89 . ext . underpass - conti nuoqus from barne Pov ...1 ook across at the presi dent 's S motorcade i dling as he double S motorcade conti nue on -- lus ( v.q ) be you sure they send the doubl e ? -- wthin second , the president lim ) be nove again ; the two motorcade go they separate way -- back to . int . SMALL cafe - conti nuous Suarez turn to he palmpilot , he scroll through the phone Book find '' HOTEL -- bell desk . '' suarez the beauty of Americans 's arrogance be that they can not imagine a world be they 's be not a step ahead . qn the televi SI on in the cafe -- showcase the double 's S li nd as it arrive outside the Plaza . suarez pick up he cellular and dial the number . as he wait for a answer , he press a function on he palm pi lot and we see a web - cam vi ew of the podium wth cross-hair in the middle . feli pe ( V. 0 ) [ hel | 0 ? ] suarez [ do you have the package ? ] cross CUT wth : ext . HOTEL - conti nuous feli pe ( the bell man ) speak on the phone at the bell desk . as he turn , felipe see the presi dent 's S motorcade cr ui si no the street perpendicular to the hotel -- feli pe [ it just arrive . ] suarez [ good . someone will be by to pick it up . ] ( cont ! nued ) 90 . cont ! nued : fel ! pe [ under st ood . ] suarez [ and felipe , when it 's over , bein front . vé 's will meet you there . ] hanging up , we remain wth Suarez as he |ook up at the television as the double S out of the car , walk through -- suarez ( cont " D ) ( into he mic ; be : barne ) how 's we boy doi no ? match CUT to . ext . out ! do plaza major - on taylor - conti nuous vw watch from taylor 's point of view as barne knock the camera to the ground . barne turn embarrassed -- qn taylor ..as we drawin tight and we see that he have not one , but two microphone in he hand . qicking the two microphone together , he 's able to signal Suarez -- back to . ext . SMALL cafe - conti nuogus suarez smile . he turn back to he cell , click '' search , '' and he type in the phone number mark , '' wndow -- split screen W th : the podium -- as the double shake hand wth the Mayor . he wave , pose for a photo . W remainin this fracture focus as Mayor De soto begin he remark . wit ching all of this , Suarez 's hate grow hotter . applause ; as Suarez hit '' send '' on he cell phone . suarez let 's make ourselves a shooter . split screen agai N : the back annex -- on the wndow -- as it begin to flutter -- qur screen be in third , wth ( 1 ) Suarez have send he text '' message , '' turn he attention nowto barne on the tv -- ( 2 ) barne watch ... and ( 3 ) the second floor wndow ... ( cont ! nued ) 91 . cont ! nued : as the Mayor continue , barne sees the flutter -- barne back annex , the building shoul do have be clear ... -- inside the wndow sill , we see a device electronically tap the curtain . qn suarez ... watch as barne whi sper on the television -- suarez that ought to keep he occupi ed . qn the back annex wndow the secret service agent enter the room .. and the flutter immediately stop -- as the agent G ves the '' all clear '' we pan over two unit , to a_ different W ndow - - -- this time , as we mwe closer , we see the end of a rifle , mount and obscure beneath the overhang of the roof . angle on : the rifle . afix to the top be a small box wth a digital camera attach to the telescopic sight . wre run fromthe side to a mechanismthat house the trigger . as Suarez aim wth he stylist ( on he palmpilot ) , the box angl es the gun , find the shot -- do soto therefore , | offer you my cty -- -- the double |s nowin the CENTER of the cross hai rs - - do soto ( cont 's D ) ... my heart and ny hope ... applause go will . the double step forward , wave . Suarez press a button on the Palm .. ... and the trigger ( of the rifle in the wndow be squeeze -- bang the double S hit . CUT ta ext . SMALL cafe - conti nuqus suarez exit , the crow henorrhage around hi m - - CUT ta 92. ext . CITY STREET - on suarez - conti nuous as suarez hurry down the walkway , he pull a secret servie radio fromhis pocket , turn it on -- javier ( v.q ) Security room cl ear -- suarez do you have the frequency ? javi er ( v.q ) 38974 . 54986 . 026. suarez adj ust the radio to the frequency that javier have read to he lock in on the frequency , he can hear -- barne ( v.q ) mast er Command , core in -- CUT ta ext . HOTEL - on felipe - conti nuoqus qn feli pe ... the adrenaline flow no as he wait out in front . he hal f-look back at the secret service ; something 's wrong . exhaling , felipe 's on edge -- CUT ta ext . auto repair shcp - conti nuoqus Suarez remove he cell phone fromhis pocket as he nove off the street . head toward the entrance of a Auto repair shop , he scroll through find he number . wth '' automwvil , '' on it 's face , Suarez hit '' send , '' -- CUT ta ext . a parked car - conti nuqus a small light flash on the underside of the dash of a park car -- CUT ta ext . auto repair shcp - conti nuoqus -- Suarez raise the garage door to reveal a ambulance . CUT ta 93 . ext . a parked car HOTEL - conti nuqus tight on the li ght flash no on the dashboard ... as we see fel | pe ... the car _is park in front of the Hotel -- CUT to . int . auto repair shop - conti nuous head into the shop , Suarez grab a emergency techn cl a S junpsuit and climb in . as he zip up , he turn to see -- -- veron CA st andi no in the doorway -- veron ! CA ( be : enri que ) he take the bait -- suarez ( | augh ) brilliant . Enrique 's jealous of javier and ... a smile broadcast across she face , she nod . suarez_ ( cont ' D ) ... javier hate Enrique for recruiting he brother ... veron CA Care to wager who will not be cone hore toni ght ? they both snile ... and she lean in and they kiss ; they have do it . beat . qimbing into the vehicle ... Suarez hit '' send 's again , detonate -- smash CUT to : ext . HOTEL - conti nuous -- boom -- for the first time we see the car bovb erupt ... -- felipe 's strike and cruelly toss aside -- -- glass shatter and wreckage fly -- the secret servi ce agent guard the ground floor be catch up init -- ( conti nued ) 94 . conti nued : agent 's dowy smo ( v0 ) CUT to ext . auto repair shcp - conti nuoqus -- the ambul ance pull out , head off -- suarez / '' man S voi ce '' -- repeat agent down -- CUT to int . HOTEL - hallway ( pre ! dent 's S floor ) - conti nuous qne of the two secret service agent in the hall , near the stairwell , turn and exit -- suarez / '' man S voce '' ( v.q ) -- we have a situation at the front , require inmedi eat back up now ! CUT to . int . HOTEL - stai rwell - conti nuous agent rush to help , leave they number depl et ed -- -- watch above be javier make he nove -- CUT to . ext . narrow CI ty street - conti nuqus fewi no set the diversion in motion , Suarez turn the SI rens they hurdle down the narrow Spanish road way ... people j unp clear of they trajectory -- CUT to . ext . — HOTEL / emergency vehicle - cont ! nuoqus avbulance and police veh | cle swarmin . samaritans rush to el p -- CUT to. 95 . ext . narrow CI ty street / | ntersecti on - conti nuoqus Suarez barrel through the intersection , leave car skid behind he car oolli do |n hs wake . CUT ta ext . plaza major - on taylor - conti nuous qn taylor ..as he race off to the back annex , | eave barne & lew cki | ook up to the wndow be they think they 's have see the shooter -- -- as he run further away , he can hardly conceal he snile -- CUT ta ext . HOTEL - conti nuoqus still at full speed , Suarez race right up to the front , slamm no on he brake as he near -- -- Veronica look over . he nod , reassure ; here we go -- -- throng of emergency vehicle , police car , etc . fill -- suarez and veronica j ump out . as Veronica run toward the back of the ambul ance , Suarez presses '' send '' on he cel|ul be -- CUT to . int . back annex - hallway - conti nuoqus a door 's kick in . as taylor and another agent nove inside to see through the wndov as the plaza explosion hit -- Taylor turn to the agent and in a flash , shoot they boih -- CUT ta 1/e HOTEL - conti nuoqus it 's chaos . paramedics and firefighter everywhere . veron CA push the gurney into the hotel . we stay wth Suarez , however , as he search through the smoke before spot feli pe -- as he run to he -- CUT to. 96 . 1/e. back annex - from out ! do the wndow - conti nuqus Taylor reach outside the wndow and retrieve a rifle , mount in obscurity , and begin to dismantle it -- CUT to . ext . HOTEL - conti nuoqus lean in to see felipe ... Suarez grab the boy 's throat , cut off he air . felipe 's eye wian ; it 's over -- suarez [ | tell you , we would cone . ] CUT to . int . HOTEL - elevator - conti nuous the elevator door close ... and Veronica press the button conpul sively -- she 's on she way -- CUT to . int . back annex - conti nuous the rifle dispense wth , Taylor begin change as he dial . as barne pick up -- taylor you be right ... -- he head for the exit -- barne ( V. q ) about vhat ? taylor the shooter . |’ minute pursuit , | eave the back annex , head west -- -- Taylor head down the stair -- alone -- CUT ta int . HOTEL - elevator - conti nuous Veronica stare up as the nunber climb ... a / nost there ... CUT ta 97 . ext . HOTEL - conti nuoqus leave felipe 's limp body , Suarez stand , turn to head to the elevator when a secret service agent cross he path -- secret servi ce vé need you help . Suarez nod , hide he disconfort as the agent order himto fol l ow -- CUT to . int . HOTEL - hallway - qn veron CA - conti nuous the door cpen ... she step out to find a gun ain directly at she -- it 's javier -- CUT ta int . HOTEL lobby - conti nuqus the agent | ead suarez to a inj ure man . agent he 's not breathe -- Suarez bend dow . hs eye glance over at the elevator -- CUT ta ext . plaza major - back annex - conti nuous Taylor race away fromthe building , in he Spanish police officer uniform hs cell phone ring -- barne ( v.q ) back up be onit 's -- ( st oppi no hi nsel for ) rew no that . taylor Thomas , what be it ? sense something be wo , Taylor throw the phone into the back of a pickup truck as he run -- CUT ta int . HOTEL - hallway - conti nuqus qn veron CA ... as she |ook at javier 's gun aim at ashton -- ( conti nued ) 98 . cont ! nued : vercni CA @ ahead . do it . ( beat ) do it and you brother 's dead . javier balk ; she 's strike a cord -- CUT ta int . HOTEL lobby - conti nuqus wth secret service agent stand over he Suarez have no choi ce but to revive the fall agent . look over at the elevator , he begin rout h-to - mouth resuscitation -- CUT ta |/e. parking garage - conti nuoqus Taylor race up a flight of stair , throwng open the door -- -- there wait for himis a police car CUT ta ext . back annex - conti nuqus barne arrive , | ook around -- he spot the alley -- CUT ta int . HOTEL lobby - conti nuqus qn the elevator li ghts ... one of themis stick on '' 7 . '' Suarez 's eye glare at that light , as he reach dow and gi ves rout h-to-mouth resuscitation to the agent ... ... just then the number drop to '' 6 '' ... CUT ta |/e. parking garage - conti nuoqus in the police car , Taylor race out , pull into traffic -- CUT to. 99 . int . HOTEL lobby - conti nuqus again , Suarez lean in , give he mouth - to-mouth . the elevator flash from 4 - 3 . he look back at the wounded agent ; breathe , damnit . CUT to . int . elevator - conti nuous ver onica | ook over at ashton as the nunber drop from3 ...2 -- they 's have get he CUT ta int . HOTEL lobby - conti nuqus Suarez try again . this time the man 's breath return . agent he ''s br eat hi no . Suarez 's eye dart to the elevator as the door open and he move toward the gurney -- arrive at the gurney , Veronica 's eye never neet he , neither want to stir anything up . every step be a nine field -- avoid the secret service , call for help -- as they get head for daylight ... ext . HOTEL - conti nuoqus qnce out of the hotel , they pace redouble . almost hone . on the ambulance door ... as Suarez and Veronica throw they back , hoist the gurney inside before climb in -- -- as they reach for the door to close it , luis sprint up , climb in -- the door close and Veronica and Suarez head for the front -- int . emergency vehicle - conti nuoqus quce inside -- suarez let 's go . -- the engine start -- -- out into traffic they go , leave the wiirlwnd of the hotel behind -- 100 . ext . cty STREET - conti nuous as the ambul ance race along the city street , we catch si ght of lewck ! I struggle to maneuver wth ann by he side -- back in the emergency vehicle , Veronica exhal es . veron ! CA ... wedidit . suarez not yet . -- down the narrow drive they accelerate . all eye for ocus -- cross CUT to . |/e. og ty STREET - on taylor - conti nuoqus -- Taylor speed on , unaware of barne follow no behind -- taylor ... it 's I . they buy it . Veronica and Luis | ook over to Suarez . into he radio -- suarez wat about barne ? taylor -- he 's pissing in the wnd -- Suarez nod , chuckle , hit the gas ; a smile on he face -- suarez now we 's be hone free . -- sense he confort , Veronica grin as well -- CUT ta ext . clty STREET - elsewhere - cont ! nuous Taylor slamm on he brake -- javier climb in ; they be off ... javi er let 's go -- CUT to. 101 . ext . CITY STREET - on the ambulance - conti nuous siren scream light circle ; the emergency veh cle have get away wth it -- ...l ook over to Veronica , she notion straight ahead -- -- just as enrique cross they path -- Suarez |ook up as Enrique run off -- vercni CA tell I you do not plan that ... suarez ( smile ) wat do ! | eave to chance ? ... the secret service ? wé find they weak link and send himchase a shooter ... create a manhunt for a man that do not exist ... veroni CA ... wile we walk off wth the presi dent of the United States . suarez now all that 's leave be the | oose end . lus wo 's a | oose end ? veron CA you be -- in one notion , she fire -- bang -- gun he down . CUT to . ext . clty STREET - elsewhere - cont ! nuous on taylor ..as he speed onward ... -- look in he rearview to see another car foll ow no -- taylor ( into he radio ) ve 's have get company -- CUT to. 102 . int . clty STREET - on barne - conti nuoqus -- barne race after Taylor -- CUT to int . emergency vehicle - conti nuoqus -- suddenly the mood dampen . Suarez pause ; shit -- suarez can you | ose hi n ? taylor ( v.q ) -- work on it -- suarez until you do , steer clear . no response . Suarez | ook over at Veronica , they 's be not out of the wood just yet -- CUT to . ext . coty street - oonti nuoqus tayl or speed down street -- siren , flashing li gts . barne hot on he tail -- -- round a corner , Taylor accelerate -- fly through the next intersection ... force barne to keep up -- -- however as barne accelerate , he back end be take out -- CUT ta int . emergency vehicle - conti nuoqus -- focus ahead , Suarez glare . sense the tension , Veronica try to engage he -- vercni CA ween do we subnit we demand ? suarez vé need to know whether they '!! reveal the double on stage or admit what 's happen to the presi dent . veroni CA either way ... ( conti nued ) 103 . cont ! nued : suarez either way , they 's i| have to deal wth we . vé have the President and we wll have we man back soon . ( beat ) very soon . bang -- Veronica 's strike in the back of the head . veronica & Suarez turn , | ook back at ashton as he swing the pole -- suarez ( cont ' D ) stop he as she get out of she seat -- CUT ta ext . CITY STREET - conti nuogus it 's anna -- hysterical . she stumble across as a car narrow y miss -- as she head turn around , she see the ambulance coni no toward she -- suddenly shot ring out behind she and she turn to see barne fire as the police car crash | nto the SI do of a wlll -- -- she scream -- the ambul ance be now fifty yard fromher -- marie ( 0s . ) annnaaa ! ! ! hear she name , she turn back fromwhere she cane -- -- her mother marie , scream , run toward she . mari E ( cont 's D ) Anna ! ! | | her nother 's there ; she 's okay . in that moment , she do not think , she just run to she mother -- right into ambul ance 's path -- she do not realize what 's about to happen , nor do suarez , as he 's | ook back -- CUT to. 104 . int . ambulance - suarez 's S Pov - conti nuqus qn ashton ..| ying on the floor of the ambul ance , shot . Suarez turn from ashton to Veronica . suarez do not kill he -- ver onica | ook back at Suarez , suddenly al armed -- veron CA vétch out !!! turni no around -- suarez lock eye wth anna -- in rapid FI re success ! on : anna -- run , unaware -- marie -- see the danger ; scream no -- anna turn -- suarez j erk the wheel , slamv no on the brake - - anna scream - - lew CKI run toward the scream -- -- the vehicle can not handle the turn , flipping onto it 's side as SPARKS fly -- -- ashton 's throw ... he head mark one of the window -- -- pedestri ans be struck and DI sm ssed , the vehicle still draw no closer to anm -- she stand horri FI ed - - -- it 's comng ri gh fo her -- twenty feet ... FI fteen .. . ten -- she 's as good as dead -- just then lewcki grab she , throwng she out of harm way . look back , he do not realize howcl ose he would core to die -- save . silence ; until Marie break the silence -- ( conti nued ) 105 . cont ! nued : mari E ( run toward she daughter ) Anna ! ! angle on the ambulance . .. the wheel spin idly ... .all around , weckage . smoke. debris ... qn suarez -- as the windshield glass be crack . Fighting off the concussion , he | ook over to veronica , who lie dead nearby ... over to barne -- as he take in the weckage -- car collide . people injure . and a dowed vehicle | ying on it 's side , and we see for the first time , what barne see -- -- there on the back wondow , just visible be a red cross , angl ed awkwardly -- it 's a ambulance ; the sane anbul ance he see earlier -- barne qh , ny God . barne run towards it . as barne sprint over , we see marie grab hold of she daughter . she squeeze she tight . qying . lewcki watch awed ... emotionally exhaust -- at the door -- barne kick through -- CUT to . int . emergency vehicle - conti nuoqus barne look across the body splay out before he spot a man , wth he face obscure ( ashton ) . he hurry to he -- Suarez turn , watch as barne move closer to ashton . Suarez reach for he fire arm -- as barne draw near , he see -- /t 's he barne M. President . as barne lean into help ashton , a shot 's S fire , narrowy miss -- he look back at suarez , he gun aim at he -- -- barne do not hesitate . he fire repeatedly . Suarez 's down . barne turn back , gather the President -- ( cont ! nued ) 106 . cont ! nued : barne ( cont 's D ) |’ have get you , sir . ... ashton 's head drop as barne carry he outside . CUT ta ext . STREET - conti nuqus qut on the street , barne | ower the President to the pavenent . look around as he retrieve he cell phone and dial . as he wait , he |ook down at he free hand , realize now that the shake be go -- barne this be agent 2395342 . Thomas barne . potus be in hand . repeat , potus be in hand . vé need a pick up . on ashton ... as he | ook up at he ashton ( weak ) Thomas . thanks . he look at the President . barne be a different man now , stronger , more confident than he be just 15 minute ago . barne it 's my job , Sir . ... as we pull back , we see the weckage all around . the injure and troubled fill the enpty space ... on lew CKI as he watch it all . he see Anna wth she nother . see the damage car ... even barne . in he pocket , he cell phone ring , he | ook dom -- -- on the face , it read , '' hove . '' he answer -- lew CKI h...no , |’ mokay . yeah . ( aware of how fortunate he be ) I ’mfine ... wping he eye clear of tear , we pull back further -- TI I CUT to 107 . ext . cty STREET - mnute later addi TI onal agent , fromthe Plaza , arrive on the hand . ambulance . police . spanish authorities help support the effort . the middle of the street have become a cauldron ... ... a heli copter prepare to take the President to safety . however , he 's not board alone . barne be wth he MARK REI nhart ( V. .. ) -- report out of Madrid now suggest that the President be out of intensive care . hs condition be list as stable . accord to director of conmunicati on , Kevin albrecht , President ashton have make a point of assure Americans that he 's alright and that the surmit will continue in the day to come . meanwhile , both Spanish and United States authority be tight - lipped as to the identity of the lone assassin who be shot and kill this afternoon . qur own Joan kendrick have nore -- fade to black .