vice written and directed by Adam mckay OPEN on : black '' the follow be a true story . '' '' or as true as it can be give that Dick Cheney be one of the most secretive leader in history . '' '' but we do we fuck best . '' int . road side bar wyoming - 1963 - night music : roly poly by Bob will and his Texas playboys . the place be full of drunk line men , drifter , weathered ranchers and a few rough professional women who flirt and dance . Young dick cheney , 21 , liquore up and play dice , scream to the heaven in triumph . ext . desolate road - night - later the red tail light of a batter 1949 frazer sedan swerve back and forth erratically . Dick be at the wheel . very drunk . police light flash behind he . Pov a harsh police flash light hit the driver side window as dick leans he head out . dick how you do tonight ? officer I need you to get out of the car . Dick get out and immediately stumble to the ground . sfx : a loud blaring electronic siren int . white house office of vice president - 9/11 2001 - day older Cheney , 60 , condoleezza rice and mary matalin be watch CNN . one of the twin tower be smoking . suddenly a second plane soar into frame and hit the other tower . everyone gasp . secret service agent move ! !!!! secret service agent grab Cheney and push he down the hall to the underground bunker . secret service agent # 2 ( into ear piece ) a plane just strike the Pentagon . int . hair salon - same time a tv in a hair salon show the 9 /11 coverage . lynne cheney , 59 , stare at the twin tower in shock . int . underground white house bunker - 9/11 9:38 am Cheney begin bark out order . dick let 's make sure the phone line be work . sivit . condi rice phone be a go , Sir . dick let 's contact the faa . find out how many plane be in the air . jump CUT : Cheney , on the phone amidst the chaos , norman mineta , david addington , condi Rice , scooter libby , karen hughes and a few other be there . condi rice ( into phone ) May I get the President on the line , please ? staffer that 's right . we have get plane in the air and no where for they to land . the twin tower burn on the television as Dick lower he head into he hand . condi rice Mr. vice President , potus on line 1 . Council look at Cheney as he be about to pick up a call from potus . dick Mr. President , this situation be extremely fluid . I be strongly recommend you stay in the air . I have sequester congressional leadership and I be coordinate we response with the White House team ... okay then ... Dick hang up and we reveal lynne , now stand behind he . she have she hand on Dick 's shoulder . he touch she hand . staffer Sir , Don Rumsfeld on 3 . Cheney point to the speaker phone . cheney that ? he pick up the line . rumsfeld ( v.o. ) Dick , there be still passenger plane in the air . I need rule of engagement . condi rice let 's get the President back on the - Cheney hold up he hand . dick you have authorization to shoot down any aircraft deem a threat . beat . rumsfeld presidential authority ? dick that 's correct . all order be unodir . condi rice unodir ? karen hughes unless otherwise direct . freeze on Dick Cheney . narrator ( v.o . ) ( male , late 20 's ) by all account of what people see in that room on that terrible day , there be confusion , fear , uncertainty , but Dick Cheney see something else that no one else do ... he see a opportunity . famous photo of Men play golf while the hillside behind they be on fire . narrator ( v.o . ) as the world become more and more confusing , we tend to focus on the thing that be right there in front of we . while ignore the massive force that actually change and shape we life . vt and still of people work at amazon and Wal - Mart . narrator ( v.o . ) and with people work longer and longer hour , for less and less wage , when we do have free time , the last thing we want be complicated analysis of we government , lobby , international trade agreement . vt of people party and dance . Cheney clasp he hand think in the 9/11 bunker . narrator ( v.o . ) so it 's no surprise that when a monotone bureaucratic vice President come to power . we hardly notice . as he achieve a position of authority that very few leader in the history of we nation ever have . Quick shot of the Iraq war , torture , the Senate pass tax cut etc . narrator ( v.o . ) forever change the course of history for million and million of life . and he do it like a ghost . with most people have no idea who he be or where he come from . 5 . lynne put she hand on Dick 's shoulder as we smash CUT to jet plane bombing a Middle Eastern town with a ferocity . fade to black ... ext . river - day Young Cheney fly fish in a river alone . work he rod and the line ... over and over again . narrator how do a man go on to become who he be ? well it start in 1963 . ext . high school football field - homecoming young lynne cheney , in the back of a fancy car : miss mustang , in a sparkle cowboy outfit wave at the crowd in slo mo . she 's a cross between a movie star and a goddess . narrator when Dick 's best girl lynne be get straight a 's at Colorado College , int . yale dorm room - day Young Cheney pass out in bed . his sheet and floor cover in vomit . narrator lynne have help Dick get a scholarship at Yale , where he do way more drink than class attend . pretty soon Dick get the boot . so he go back home to Wyoming to work as a lineman for the state . ext . vast wyoming field - day - 1963 Dick strapped to a pole work on power line with a cigarette in he mouth . it 's rough hard work . narrator back then they would have be call a guy like he a not ’er- do - well . in today 's parlance they would just call he a dirt bag . in the distance , a man scream . Dick look down below . lineman # 1 man_down ! ext . power line base - continuous linemen gather around a fallen man who 's leg have snap in half , a bone stick out of he tear pants . lineman # 2 his leg look like a elvis dance move . the man laugh . lineman # 1 somebody give that poor son of a bitch a shot of whiskey . lineman boss alright , back to work . I say , back to work ! everyone walk away except Cheney who continue to stare at the writhe man . lineman boss ( cont ’d ) ( to lineman # 3 ) take he into town , put $ 5 in he pocket . find another man for tomorrow . ( to Cheney ) you get a problem Cheney ? dick no sir . Cheney take a drag of he smoke and walk away . int . road side bar wyoming 1963 - night Dick dance around the bar drunk with a giant smile on he face , take shot and stumbling into other local . a shifty crew member keep put he arm around Dick 's shoulder . he 's try to agitate Cheney . shifty crew member be we become friend ? dick will you stop touch I ? shifty crew member what you gonna do about it , Mr. Yale ? huh ? Cheney slap Crew member 's hand off he shoulder . shifty crew member ( cont ’d ) woah ! the fuck you gonna do about it , Mr. Yale ? come on ! Dick shove he back and punch he . ext . desolate road - night from earlier , with the police officer 's help , Cheney stumble out of the car . the crackle of the police radio in the background . ext . lynne 's house - the next morning a lower middle class home . a dog bark in the distance . int . lynne 's house - live room - same time dick , with a black eye and stain on he shirt sit on the couch . lynne , 21 , pretty and sharp , stand over he with a fury in she eye . lynne two time ! two time I have to drag you out of that jail like a filthy hobo ! ! dick I be sorry , lynne ... lynne what ? what do you just say ? dick I be sorry , lynney . lynne you be sorry ? do not call I '' lynney ! '' one time be '' I be sorry . '' two time make I think I have pick the wrong man ! they kick you ass out of Yale for drink and fight ! now be you just a lush who 's go to hang power line for the state ? be we go to live in a trailer and have ten child !? be that the plan ?! Dick look like he might be sick . dick can we please ... discuss this later ? lynne no . we discuss it right now while you smell of piss and cheap booze ! edna , lynne 's Mom , start to walk in . edna do Dick want some coffee ? lynne mother get out ! do Dick want some coffee ? Jesus Christ ! ( back to Dick ) here 's my plan . either you stand up and put you back straight and have the courage to become someone or I be go ! there be a dozen man and a few Professors at school who would date I ! dick I love you , lynne . I have love you since the day I first see you . lynne then prove it ! I can not go to a big ivy League school ! I can not runa company or be Mayor ! that 's just the way the world be for a girl ! I need you ! and right now you be a big fat piss soak zero ! ( beat while she reload ) I have see my mother wait up all night for my Father to come home . ( more ) lynne ( cont 'd ) and I have see he drunk in this house raise he voice and way worse , and I be not dance that dance anymore ... I be not ! quick flash back to lynne 's father yell at she mother in the kitchen . her dad be scary and have be drink . lynne ( cont 'd ) can you change ? or be I waste my goddamn time ? beat as Dick look up . there be a growling determination in he eye . dick I will not ever disappoint you again lynne . fade to black quote against black '' beware the quiet man . for while other speak , he watch . and while other act , he plan . and when they finally rest ... he strike . '' - anonymous open title Dick graduate from U of Wyoming . Dick and lynne 's wedding Day . lynne stand pregnant and Dick sign Vietnam deferment papers . Dick drive into Washington D.C. MAIN title : vice int . rayburn house office build - day a theater with a podium be fill with fellow from around the country . a monotone congressman , 73 finish a speech . monotone congressman you be America 's best and brightest . God bless you all ... and God bless ... this great nation . 10 . the 100 or so intern look bored . a few clap politely . Cheney look like he 's make a big mistake come to DC . monotone congressman ( cont ’d ) next up be a young man from Illinois who 's do quite well for himself here at the Capitol ... Representative Donald Rumsfeld ... donald rumsfeld , 36 , stride over with brash confidence . he light he pipe and lean on the lectern . donald rumsfeld so do Bob tell you this internship be a great honor ? huh ? do he ? a few people murmur yes . donald rumsfeld ( cont ’d ) well , it 's not . it 's what we call in the navy '' a shit detail . '' the room laugh . Dick Cheney laugh . Rumsfeld ooze charisma . freeze on rumsfeld . narrator ( v.o. ) Donald Rumsfeld , or Rummy as they call he , be the former captain of the Princeton wrestle team .. int . princeton wrestling gym - day - 1952 super 8 footage : a 20 year old donald rumsfeld , in wrestle singlet and head gear pose for camera in a wrestle pose move he hand around , ready for a take down . narrator ( v.o. ) .+- and a elite navy jet pilot . ext . navy AIR field - day - 1956 super 8 footage : 24 yr old rumsfeld , in front of a jet plane , remove he helmet , wave to camera and smile . narrator ( v.o. ) most congressman use they power like a axe , Rumsfeld use he like a master of the Butterfly knife . vt : we see expert hand flipping around a butterfly knife . 11 . narrator ( v.o. ) and like any master if you get in he way , he would cut you . vt : the knife slashes someone 's cheek . unfreeze : Rumsfeld continue he speech . donald rumsfeld look , this be a opportunity . a opportunity to work in the hall of decision make for the most powerful country in the goddamn world . if that do not give you a hard on I do not know what will . sorry to the few lady in the room . they use to not have girl for this program ... but now they do . anyway , I be Don . whatever you do , do not work for Bob over here . he 's the most boring son of a bitch in dc . Bob chuckle , though it do not seem like good nature ribbing . donald rumsfeld ( cont ’d ) that 's it . now scat ! go get a Congressman a cup of coffee ! and if he wife call , he 's always ina meeting ! the student next to Dick turn to he . he 's get longish hair and a mustache . student hey , I be Alan . you be the other guy from Wisconsin right ? dick that 's right ... student one of we be suppose to start with a Democrat , the other with a Republican . do you care if I go with the dem ? I do a lot of work with the dnc on campus . dick what party be that guy we just hear ? 12 . student ( look at the directory ) Rumsfeld be ... a Republican . dick perfect . because that 's what I be . int . rumsfeld's office - month later Cheney knock . Rumsfeld smoking a pipe , pour through papers . he do not answer . Cheney knock again . rumsfeld do not lurk ! come in dammit ! Cheney enter . Rumsfeld do not look up as he talk to he . dick it 's , uh Dick Cheney ... report for work ... rumsfeld you be congressional relation for my Office of economic opportunity . and you will assist I in my job as councillor to the President . Cheney wait a beat . rumsfeld ( cont ’d ) you want I to pin you mitten to you sleeve so you do not fuck lose they ? go ! Cheney start to leave . rumsfeld ( cont 'd ) by the way Cheney , you two duis show up on you background check . do not worry . I vouch for you . dick thank you sir . rumsfeld thanks be for when neighbor dottie pull you pud for the first time . you owe I . dick yes , sir . 13 . rumsfeld go ! Cheney nervously exit . int . congressional floor montage of Cheney work for Rumsfeld 1 ) flip card for a congressional Committee 2 ) flip card for Senators 3 ) talk to a white house media advisor , 30 , in a hallway . media consultant you be Rumsfeld 's lackey right ? make sure he see this . freeze frame narrator ( v.o. ) Roger aile , founder of fox News . he first pitch the idea as conservative news when he work for Nixon as a media advisor . unfreeze : Rumsfeld walk up as the media advisor leave . dick cheney Roger want Nixon to start a Republican tv news network . Rumsfeld throw the memo in a waste basket . rumsfeld forget it . Roger know tv . but he do not know politics . 4 ) Dick and lynne have dinner with Rumsfeld and he wife . lynne so I would do this flame baton trick and Dick would wait around with a bucket of water . so I be at the State final and I throw up the baton .... and it do not come down . rumsfeld where have you be hide she Cheney ! ? 5 ) flip card for Nixon in the oval Office . 6 ) flip card for cabinet member . int . white house hallway - day Rumsfeld continue down the hallway . Cheney follow . rumsfeld you be quiet . I like that . you be not blabbing to everyone what card you have . I miss my flush draw a month ago but everyone still think I have pocket king . except maybe fuck haldeman . dick I mostly play heart so I be not - rumsfeld no , no , no . freeze narrator ( v.o. ) for a man like Donald Rumsfeld he only want three thing from he lackey : he have to keep he mouth shut , do what he be tell and always be loyal . they stop by Rumsfeld 's office . rumsfeld so be it a yes or a no ? half beat . dick it 's a yes . rumsfeld you do not even know what the question be do you ? dick I , uh , I assume it be - rumsfeld good . that 's exactly the kind of '' yes '' I be look for . narrator ( v.o. ) Cheney have always be a so so student and a mediocre athlete . but now finally he have find he life 's call , he would be a dedicated and humble servant to power . 14 . 15 . int . white house - cheney' office - day Cheney enter he office . it 's basically a closet with a desk , phone and a chair . staffer here 's you new office . no window . but all you have see be a bunch of hippie flipping off Nixon . he sit down and pick up he phone . narrator ( v.o . ) now at this point you be probably wonder who exactly I be . int . middle america home - 2011 - day a dad , 29 and mom , 28 play with they son , 2 , on the couch . narrator ( v.o. ) well my name be kurt . my favorite football team be the steeler . and I and my son love watch sponge Bob . and if you be wonder how I know so much about Dick Cheney , well let 's just say we be kind of related ... we will get to that later . back to : int . white house cheney' office Dick be talk to lynne on the phone and beam with pride . dick lynnie ... guess where I be call from ? int . SMALL apartment in D.C. - same time lynne be on the phone hold she new baby mary while liz , now 3 play in the background with the tv on . intercut phone call : lynne I be so damn proud of you right now Dick Cheney ... I know I pick the right man . I know it even when I do not ... 16 . dick we do it . lynne have you see Nixon ? dick I do . I meet he . shook he hand . that impish smile of he . flash to actual still of Nixon with a odd smile pose for camera . dick ( cont 'd ) pardon my french , but it 's the best fuck feel in the world . lynne I be so proud of you . dick I love you . lynne we be proud of you . you girl be proud of you . ( to girl ) be you proud of you daddy ? young liz yes ! int . white house hallway - day Rumsfeld and Cheney be walk down a hallway . dick now that I be not just flipping card , I have a few idea -- rumsfeld ( suddenly ) stop . they both stop . rumsfeld ( cont 'd ) you see that door ? he motion to a office door . dick be not that kissinger 's office ? 17 . rumsfeld yes , but I happen to know that Nixon 's in there right now . now why would Nixon not meet kissinger in the oval Office ? dick he 's have a conversation he do not want to go on the record ? rumsfeld very good . dick what 's the conversation ? rumsfeld they be go to bomb Cambodia . dick that 's impossible . that would have to be approve by Congress and I be over there every day - rumsfeld fuck Congress . unless you be in it . then it 's the great deliberative body on earth . but we be not , so fuck it . dick I think the President campaign on end the war ? rumsfeld shhhh. listen to I ... glancing piece of nixon and kissinger talking : a cigarette be put out in a ash tray . a polished shoe tapping , etc . rumsfeld ( v.o. ) because of the conversation Nixon and kissinger be have right behind this door , five foot away from we ... in a few day , 10 thousand mile away ... ext . cambodian village - day - same time a peaceful cambodian Village go about it 's day to day life . we hear a whistling SOUND far above . 18 . rumsfeld ( v.o. ) «+. a rain of 750 pound bomb drop from B - 52 fly at twenty thousand foot will hit village and town across Cambodia ... thousand will die and the world will change either for the worse or the better . we SNAP back to the hallway . Cheney enthralled by the sense of power and reach Rumsfeld be express . rumsfeld that 's the kind of power that exist in this squat little ugly building . but screw kissinger , he 's over rate . come on ! massive explosion . we see blood and limb and hear scream just for a split second , then CUT back to Cheney still look at the office door . int . white house hallway - rumsfeld 's office - later Dick be struggle to ask Rumsfeld a question . dick so , uh , what do we ... I mean be we against spend , or be we , uh ... rumsfeld come on ... out with it ! dick what do we , uh , believe ? Rumsfeld start to laugh and then laugh harder and harder . rumsfeld '' what do we believe ? '' good one Cheney ! good one ! he slam he door shut leave Cheney stand in the hallway . CUT to : ext . back yard - bethesda , maryland - 1973 Dick teach the girl how to string worm on a fish hook . 19 . dick we find out what the fish want , and in this case it 's a worm , and then we use it to catch they . 8yr old liz so be it a good trick we be play ? dick it 's not good or bad . it 's fishing . narrator ( v.o. ) Dick have take a job as a political consultant for a large financial firm , where he be finally make good money . he take the job because Nixon 's inner circle have have enough of Donald Rumsfeld . int . cheney 's bedroom - night - 1973 Dick and lynne have just be awoken by the phone . they be daze and tired . rumsfeld ( on the phone ) I be out . they be send I to Brussels . dick wait , what ? int . rumsfeld's office - same time - night Rumsfeld be tear up papers and throw they out . rumsfeld Nixon 's make I permanent ambassador to NATO . it 's a fuck off assignment . kissinger and haldeman win . come with I . dick I have a four and a seven year old . lynne tell Don we be not move just because everyone at the White House hate he ! 20 . rumsfeld good boy . I teach you well this past few year . dick I be sorry , Don . I really be . rumsfeld do not worry . I be like bed bug . you gotta burn the mattress to get rid of I ! Don hang up . CUT back to : ext . back yard - bethesda , maryland - 1973 narrator ( v.o . ) Dick be become sharper and sharper as a D.C. insider , and lynne have start to write article and explore idea for she first novel . lynne walk out across the backyard look ashen . lynne Dick ?... something terrible have happen ... narrator ( v.o. ) then , she receive news from back home in casper . ext . lake in casper , wyoming - day by a large lake there be a car with both door leave open , a purse scattered all over and two dachshund run around loose . Police Cars pull up in slo mo with siren blaring . narrator lynne 's mother edna , who have avoid the water she whole life , be find drown in the local caspar Lake . they say she and Wayne , lynne 's dad , have have a nasty argument a hour before . 21 . ext . cheney home in maryland 1973 Dick hold lynne in he arm . lynne ( in shock ) she do not swim , Dick . my mother do not swim . she never swim . ext . grave yard - funeral - day about 20 mourner include lynne , Dick , Dick 's parent , Liz and Mary and yes , Wayne , lynne 's Father listen to a priest read from the Bible as a coffin be lower into the ground . narrator there be never a serious investigation into lynne 's Mom 's death . the funeral have ended . wayne be try to do a handstand for liz and mary . lynne stop he . lynne dad ... dad ... Dick walk over . dick Girls , lynne . why do not you go to the car . lynne ( raspy from cry ) come on . listen to you Father . they leave . Dick be intense . wayne heya Dick . you catch any fish ? there be a resolute look in dick 's eye . he stare at Wayne . wayne ( cont ’d ) how 's it go in DC ? dick do not ever go near my daughter or my wife again . a tense beat . then Wayne finally walk away . 22 . wayne ( yell ) Big shot ! Big shot in D.C. Dick ! Dick stare straight ahead . he have a resolute quiet power about he . he can feel it . CUT to : int . white house office - 2003 - morning close up : a basket of plain brown donut , flaking croissant and one glorious danish with a bright yellow CENTER . hand reach in and take a few brown donut , a croissant . but they stay away from the danish with the yellow CENTER . finally , Cheney take the large treat . four white men in suit ( CIA agent , scooter libby , david addington and paul wolfowitz ) age 35 to 55 , all wait for he to speak . the room be he . dick so what do you get ? the unseen man 's hand flip through papers mark classified . CIA agent ( slightly nervous ) Hassan mustafa nasr . a cleric base in Milan , Italy . he 's a member of Al - gama 's al - islamiyya , the group that kill Anwar Sadat . scooter libby that 's the blind sheik , right ? CIA agent there 's some debate at langley on whether they be a threat or not . they claim to be peaceful now . he hold up the danish he 's eat . dick I '' claim '' to be eat healthy . everyone laugh a bit too hard . dick ( cont 'd ) okay ... pick he up . 23 . ext . STREET in milan - day Pov : a door of a van slam OPEN : a cleric , 40 , with beard , wear a Muslim tagiyah ( cap ) walk down a italian street . three men in all black jump out , chase he down and pull he into the van in a matter of second . cleric noo ! help ! help I ! quick cut : 1 . scissor slice off the cleric 's clothes 2 . he be strike hard in the face 3 . a black hood be put over he terrify bloody face . 4 . a diaper be then put on he . the van drive away . back to : int . office - 2003 - morning dick what 's the next name ? CIA agent well Mr. vice President , there 's be some chatter about a engineering student in Berlin ... fade to black richard nixon ( v.o. ) I have never be a quitter . int . cheney 's live room - 1974 - day tv in the Cheney 's live room show Nixon resign as President . richard nixon ( sot ) but I must put the interest of the nation first ... dick Nixon forget the voice activate recorder be there . he get sloppy . liz Mom , be the President be punish ? 24 . lynne the President have a lot of enemy . never forget lizzy : when you get power they always try and take it from you . always . liz yes m’am . Dick dial the phone . dick Donald Rumsfeld please ... lynne I can not believe this , this be we President . this be a tragedy ! dick I actually think this could be very , very good news . music : kick 70 's horn come in . this be start to feel like good news . ext . dulle parking lot - same time Rumsfeld get into Cheney 's beat up black vw bug in the airport parking lot . both toss they cigarettes . rumsfeld what 's you read on thing ? dick the way I see it , any Republican not touch by watergate be golden right now . rumsfeld Nice . Ford call I right before my flight take off . ( see black bug ) you be still drive this chick magnet , huh ? cheney you can always take the bus . close up on television . 25 . richard nixon ( sot ) effective immediately I will resign the presidency of the United States and vice President Ford will be swear in tomorrow at noon . int . vw bug - pennsylvania ave - same time both be smoking again as they pull up to the White House . rumsfeld so what 's the plan ? dick the plan ? well the plan be to take over the damn place ... rumsfeld who light a fire under you ass ? dick I have not flip card in a long time Don . int . rumsfeld be new office - moment later rumsfeld close the door to he big new office . rumsfeld they give I the damn key to the palace ! he pour two glenlivet neat . rumsfeld ( cont 'd ) Chief of staff . dick Holy shit . you salty son of a bitch . you do it . they clink and drink . rumsfeld now we have work to do . kissinger be try to kiss and make up with the Soviets . dick well , let 's make sure that shit do not happen . 26 . rumsfeld ( laugh ) yeah . yeah . int . oval office - white house - same time Ford talk with kissinger , Rumsfeld and Cheney . cheney if I may , I believe I may have a way to put a ore in the water , on Russia . what if - kissinger Mr. President - ford come on Henry let 's hear Dick out . narrator ( v.o . ) one of Dick Cheney 's super power , be the ability to make the most wild and extreme idea sound measure and professional . dick what if on a unilateral basis , we all put miniature wig on we penise , and we walk out to the White House lawn , and we jerk each other off . so , like a puppet show , but much more enjoyable ? Long pause . Rumsfeld smile a sly grin . kissinger I do like a good puppet show . ford I say we do it ! more memo thrown in the garbage , phone hung up , name crossed off meeting list , line on memo rewritten . radio news montage ( v.o. ) they be call it the Halloween massacre . Donald Rumsfeld have replace Secretary of Defense James slessinger . and Dick Cheney have be choose as the -- 27 . int . cheney' new office - day - november , 1975 lynne spin around she husband 's well appoint office . lynne -- the youngest Chief of staff in history ! it 's like a dream . dick it 's real . and Don be the youngest Secretary of Defense ever . lynne well , I be not talk about Don , I be talk about you . and I be go to give you a kiss , right she in the White House . she hold Dick . they kiss . a secret service agent peek in the door with Liz and Mary in tow . secret service agent Excuse I Mr. and Mrs. Cheney . this girl try to enter the oval Office . they run into Dick 's arm . dick oh dear ! lynne Girls this be not a playground , please do not -- mary daddy ! be this where Santa life ? dick better than Santa . it 's where the leader of the great nation on earth life ! mary be you one of he elve daddy ? dick in a way , yes . lynne no he 's not Mary . you Father be Chief of staff . Chief . of staff . ( more ) lynne ( cont 'd ) ( to he ) Dick , if you be silly with she she will grow up to be a silly woman . dick right of course , I forget , that 's just silly , Mary . int . office of legal counsel - DOJ - the next Cheney talk to a young lawyer at the olc . narrator ( v.o . ) and as the new Chief of staff and with the presidency weaken by watergate , Dick Cheney want to find out exactly how much power do the President have . dick I would like to reinstate executive Authority . how ? narrator ( v.o . ) antonin scalia , a young lawyer with the justice department who would later go on to serve on the Supreme Court , rock Dick 's world . young lawyer have you hear of the theory of the unitary executive ? dick no , tell I about it . young lawyer it 's a interpretation a few , like myself happen to believe , of article two of the constitution that vest the President with absolute executive authority . and I mean absolute . 28 . day Cheney and scalia both smile . this be what Cheney have be look for . music : glorious orchestral sting . vt footage of a lion chase a gazelle and catch it . 29 . int . middle america home - day narrator dad play with he son on the floor . image of at war . freeze on narrator ( to wife ) honey , you wanna get Cole up to the high chair ? I gotta explain this to the people . wife ( pick up son ) come on buddy ! the white house , the scale of justice and soldier narrator ( v.o . ) the Unitary executive Theory . certain legal scholar believe that if the President do anything it must be legal because it 's the President . to hell with check and balance , especially during time of war . this be the power of king , pharaoh , dictator , dick cheney narrator Dick Cheney be a foot soldier in the power game of Washington DC , but with the Unitary executive Theory , he could become galactus , devourer of planet , image of the super villain ... galactus narrator ( cont ’d ) but then it be Election Day and there be one big problem ... int . residential quarter - white house - night Ford , Betty Ford , Cheney , lynne , Rumsfeld watch the return on ABC news with barbara walter and harry reasoner . Cheney be chain smoking . they all sip cocktail . tv screen report Carter win presidential election 30 . barbara walter ( sot ) ..- which mean that Jimmy Carter be the next President of the United States . narrator ( v.o. ) and just like that it be all over . lynne that can not be right . it get to be some sort of a mistake . rumsfeld well ... there go the neighborhood . ford ( he voice be horse ) thank you everybody . tv reporter ( v.o. ) the Republicans have lose the presidency , they be the minority in Congress and in most state . with America demand change , I do not see a future for the GOP . they be the party of the past . ext . white house roof - 1976 maintenance worker install giant solar panel on the roof of the White House . david brinkley ( sot ) President Carter go to the roof of the White House today to announce he new solar initiative ... vt President Carter speak to the press . president carter ( sot ) we must end we dependence on fossil fuel . and by the use the energy God give we in the sun , we may have a endless source of power with solar energy ... 31 . ext . wyoming river - 2012 - day Cheney trudge through a river with fishing gear in hand in slo-mo . he be older , unsteady , but determine and focus . CUT to : ext . SMALL town in wyoming - day - summer - 1978 a vfw in a one stop sign town . a beat up winnebago with a shabby '' Cheney for Congress ! '' on it park out front . int . SMALL town vfw - day - summer - 1978 Cheney speak to ranchers at a vfw . it 's hot . dick .-+- I will become the gentleman from Wyoming . and hear this , tax must come down . lynne coaches from the back of the room . lynne ( whisper ) talk . talk . dick I will say it again , tax must go down , we must ameliorate pain for the tax of the work man .... and bring perspicacity to the fore . lynne watch , pain . he 's not good at this . the campaign manager lean in . campaign manager ( whisper ) thank God for name recognition . dick but enough of the horsing around . which be of course , what we cowboy do . so uh , remember , vote Cheney for Congress . uhh , thank you and vote for Cheney in Congress . lynne either he drink next time , or I do . 32 . crowd applaud tepidly . Dick walk over to lynne and he campaign manager . he 's rub he arm . dick I do not want anyone to panic . but I do believe I have to go to the hospital . fade up on a actual heart beat and then stopping and then beat erratically before finally it stop . quick CUT : a cuckoo clock striking twelve : a cuckoo pop out . int . hospital room - day Cheney be in bed , iv come out of he arm , heart monitor beep . lynne be there by he side . a doctor , 39 . doctor it 's a inferior wall infarct . lynne but it can be fix , right ? doctor if it be up to I you have drop out of the election . but you have both make it clear that 's not a option . so you must have a minimum of two week bed rest . dick two week off . we will lose we lead . lynne the hell we will . ext . ranch - day a microphone stand on the back of a truck and a crowd of fifty hard face male farmer and ranchers wait . a good ol boy ranch owner , 59 , intros . mayor Dick Cheney have a illness so he can not be here today . but we have he wife and a heck of a pretty gal here to fill in : lynne Cheney ! lynne walk up to the podium . she be too SMALL to reach the microphone . the crowd laugh . lynne take the mic off . 33 . lynne I grow up in Wyoming . but somewhere along the line Washington DC stop listen to real folk like we ! and start only listen to liberal snob who want we all to lose we job to affirmative action ! awkward silence . the campaign manager try to usher she off . campaign manager okay lynne ... the crowd explode in applause . lynne push the manager 's hand away . lynne when I be in New York City I see woman burn they bras . well you know what woman do with bras in Wyoming ? we wear they ! crowd applaud lustily again . the campaign manager look around '' what the hell be happen ? '' ext . wyoming rural area a van weave through a windy dirt road . lynne ( v.0 . ) here in Wyoming we believe there be a right and a wrong . int . church basement - day a lady auxiliary meeting . some woman knit as lynne give a speech . lynne because I be a mom and a wife from Wyoming . and I know how it feel to make every penny count . and not only do I speak for you , my husband Dick Cheney ... crowd liven up , applaud hard . 34 . narrator ( v.o. ) a hard wind of change have be blow through America , civil rights , roe versus Wade , environmentalism . but there be a part of the country that do not like this change and want it to stop . int . DC restaurant - night lynne and Dick toast to a table of congressmen and wive . dick thanks to my amazing wife , it be good to be join you all here in D.C. as Wyoming 's sole congressional Representative ! everyone smile and toast . ext . DC STREET - day cut of : old money patriarch get out of limo in slo mo . narrator ( v.o. ) and then big money family like the koch and the coor that be sick of pay income tax , roll into Washington DC and start write fat check to fund right wing think tank ... quick cut : the Heritage Foundation , the american Enterprise Institute , the cato Institute , alec , etc . narrator ( v.o. ) ... that would change the way many Americans look at the world . int . think tank office - day cu of a document on a desk : '' trickle down economics : a study on reduce top tax rate as stimulus . '' pull out to reveal a giant office with dozen of desk and people . a big sign read '' the american enterprise institute '' little line type in the AIR over each desk : '' Welfare fraud , America 's Hidden epidemic '' '' oil and coal : america 's future ! '' '' regulation be cost we billion ! '' 35 . narrator ( v.o. ) finally in 1980 , this unlikely revolution of the super rich and white conservative find its face ... int . rnc convention - detroit - 1980 vt . stock : ronald reagan give he actual nomination speech . reagan for that who have abandon hope , we will restore hope , and we will welcome they into a great national crusade ... to make America great again ! crowd go nut . ext . white house roof - 1980 - day worker unscrew solar panel from the roof and discard they into a pile . int . hallway - capitol build - day - 1980 be Cheney walk confidently talk to congressman and aide . narrator it be the fuck 1980' , and it be a hell of a time to be Dick Cheney . int . floor of congress - day quick cut : cheney inserting he house voting card , a few red '' nay '' vote coming up on the big board against a sea of GREEN '' yea '' vote . clerk vote on the undetectable fire arm Act to ban '' plastic gun that can evade metal detector '' ... clean water act ... endangered species act ... School lunch program ... Martin luther King Jr federal holiday ... actual clip of Nancy Reagan on Mr. T 's lap , Donald trump , aerobics . 36 . int . hallway - capitol build - day - 1984 Dick collapse in the hallway , go to he knee . music : out panicked aide someone call a ambulance !! ( to Cheney ) can you breathe ? dick I be have a heart attack you idiot . int . white house - east wing - night - 1986 White House christmas party . reagan and nancy ( from behind ) meet and greet celebrity , leader and friend like royalty . reveal : lynne and Cheney enter like a Duke and duchess . Dick look dash in a tux and lynne stun in a tasteful gown . on screen : '' Dick Cheney House minority whip 1989 '' and '' lynne Cheney chair of the National Endowment for the humanitite 1986-1993 '' Quick shot of people at the party catch glimpse of the cheney , some whisper , some smile . lynne ( finish a conversation ) thank you ... I be very excited . the couple she be talk to walk away . lynne ( cont 'd ) they be both brilliant , but break . vice president GEORGE BUSH sr . walk up . GEORGE BUSH sr hey Dick ... hello lynne . congratulation on you appointment . lynne why thank you Mr. vice President . how be you lovely family ? 37 . GEORGE BUSH sr my son jeb seem cut out for office . we may be ask you for endorsement in a few year . lynne if he 's half as charming as you George , he 's get both we vote . GEORGE BUSH sr Dick . I just want to say thank you for get the House not to override the President 's veto of the fairness doctrine . dick not a problem . happy to get rid of any big government regulation . freeze narrator ( v.o. ) the fairness doctrine be a law from the forty that require any broadcast tv or radio news to present both side of a issue equally . its repeal would lead to the rise of opinion news . quick clip of morton downey JR , rush limbaugh , and then a giant fox news animated logo '' fair and balanced . '' int . newsroom —- modern day 30' female blonde anchor at a news desk news anchor ( to camera ) ... and eventually to the realization of Roger aile 's dream : Fox News . which would go on to dominate all other news and swing America even more to the right . CUT back to : int . christmas party - night unfreeze : there 's a crash on the other side of the party . we see a lanky drunk guy who 's knock over a tray of champagne glass . a waitress be distraught . 38 . lanky drunk guy lighten up sweetie ! it 's a party ! dick what 's that fella 's problem ? GEORGE BUSH sr let I go see if everything 's okay over there . great to see you both . Love to the girl ... George go over to the young drunk man and usher he out . lynne ( quietly ) that 's he son . George W. he 's the black sheep of the family . dick a little too much unconditional love . lynne can you feel it Dick ? half the room want to be we and the other half fear we . I know George be up next but after that , who know ? she rub she hand against he back . dick ( take it in ) I respect the hell out of Reagan ... but no one 's really show the world the true power of the american presidency ... smash CUT to : ext . virginia high school - day mary cheney , now 17 , leave school sobbing hard . a teacher follows her . teacher Excuse I Ms. Cheney ! you can not leave the grounds during school hour ! Mary ! come back ! she jump in she 85 Honda Accord , tear out . mary cheney no , no , no !!! 39 . Mary speed through a stop sign and bam !! be hit by another car ! she be daze with blood come down she face . int . hospital room - a hour later Mary , in a hospital bed . Dick and lynne be there . lynne I just do not understand . you leave school ? why ? it do not make sense . mary it be Susan ... lynne you best friend ? be you fight over a boy ? mary she break up with I ... beat . mary ( cont 'd ) Mom , dad , I like girl ... I be gay . Dick and lynne be silent for a long time . everything they have work for hang in the balance . finally Dick move towards Mary and hug she . dick it do not matter sweetheart . we will always love you no matter what . mary oh , I love you so much daddy ... lynne ( tear up ) it 's just go to be ... so hard for you ... int . shipping warehouse - 2011 - day kurt the narrator , drive a electric pallet cart . narrator when George Bush sr. be elect President , Dick Cheney be make Secretary of Defense . Sixth in line to the presidency . 40 . kurt the narrator park he cart and move some box . narrator ( cont ’d ) and after a few year , it be Dick 's turn to run for President , so they decide to do some early polling number . int . cheney kitchen - day - 1992 close up : early poll result in Cheney 's hand . they show he dead_last behind 11 other Republicans include Dan quayle . dick well I guess that 's it . lynne be there . lynne we can move that number . we attack the welfare state , regulation , government waste ... dick it will be a war . I can not put Mary through that . every primary opponent will go after she ... lynne we deny . shame they for go after the family ... he crumple the paper , leave it on the table and exit . lynne look at the paper . score : bitter sweet but still glorious orchestral ext . middle eastern desert - day - 1993 cheney walk across the desert with the family of saud . on screen : '' Dick Cheney would go on to become ceo of a large oil service company : Halliburton '' ext . lake - houston suburb - 1993 Dick , Mary , now 30 , she partner heather poe and Liz , 33 and she husband philip ( hold a newborn ) with lynne , all fish and sit by a beautiful lake . a grand daughter kate , 4 , run around laugh with 2 dog . 41 . on screen : '' lynne would publish several book on american History . '' Dick hold he newborn grand daughter and laugh with family . on screen : '' Dick have a choice between the presidency of the United States and he youngest daughter . he choose he daughter . '' Mary chase lynne with the fish , everyone laugh . on screen : '' the cheney would never again enter politics or the public eye . '' on screen : '' lynne and Dick be happy and wealthy and live in Virginia where they breed award - win Golden retriever . '' the cheney walk together up to the they house for supper . end credit roll sfx : be that a phone ringing ? end credit continue to roll the phone ringing get louder . end credit keep rolling the phone ringing be now very loud . smash CUT to : int . cheney home office - 1999 - day a desk phone be ringing as Dick , now in he early 60 's move towards it . dick cheney okay , okay . I be come ... lynne ( 0.c . ) who 's call on a Sunday morning ?! dick cheney I do not know ! he answer . dick hello . Cheney residence ?... uh- huh ... I understand ... anyway I can be of assistance ... okay ... ( more ) 42 . dick ( cont 'd ) that should work ... 3 pm ... of course ... that go without say ... he hang up and stand there for a second . lynne come walk out of the kitchen . beat . beat . beat . lynne who be it ?! dick it be someone from George Bush 's son 's campaign . lynne jeb ? dick cheney no. George w... jeb 's Florida . lynne right . I still can not believe they have get that poor boy run for President . lynne ( cont 'd ) so what do they want ? dick they want to talk to I about be he run mate . lynne what ? dick they do not say it outright but I have make that call myself and that 's what they want . lynne vice President be a nothing job . dick I be just go to hear they out . I owe he Father that ... 43 . lynne vp just wait for the President to die . you have say it yourself . dick it 's just a meeting . lynne be it just a meeting ? or be it just a meeting ? dick it 's just a meeting . lynne good . she walk away . Cheney stand there still in think . ext . austin , TEXAS - capitol build - day - 1999 int . governor's office - lobby - same time cu : Cheney 's polished shoe . he reach for a copy of time Magazine : the cover a picture of Bush with the headline '' President Bush ? '' a receptionist , theresa , 28 approach he . theresa the Governor will see you now Secretary Cheney . dick sure . int . governor's office - continuous cu of W Bush 's hand as it shake Cheney 's . a sign nolan Ryan baseball on a shelf , papers on the desk with a copy of Sports illustrate , Cheney lowering himself into a chair , Bush tapping he finger on the desk to a unheard beat . W BUSH hello Dick . dick hello George . W BUSH it 's be awhile . 44 , dick since last year . the foreign policy session ... we see GEORGE W BUSH , 53 . handsome but boyish with a petulant fidgety edge to he . W BUSH that 's right . that meeting be very engage . I remember we both agree my dad would have be be - elect if he have take out Saddam . dick War time president be always popular . W BUSH that they be . that they be . dick so ... congratulation on a successful primary . I have be through a few myself and they can be ... shall we say - W BUSH Fucking exhaust ? dick ( chuckle lightly ) yes . W BUSH bus , bologna sandwich . I mean I like people but enough 's enough . be I right ? dick ( and then ) so uh , the call I receive ... W BUSH I forget , you be a brass tack guy be not you ? I like that . be you surprised I be run for President ? after my , shall we say , wild year ? dick I sow some oat myself back in the day . still enjoy a cold beer on occasion . 45 . W BUSH I bet you do . I bet you do you rascal . well I can not anymore . it get bad ... Real bad . dick ( v.o. ) what do he really want ? what do he need ? W BUSH do you want some brisket ? theresa can we get some brisket ?! theresa yes sir ! W BUSH get the burnt end ! dick George ... listen ... W BUSH ( change gear nervously ) so listen , I have get a lack of experience problem in the poll and you be one of the most experience guy around . you wanna jump on board and be my vice ? quick flash : Cheney 's fishing line in a river . he watch the water with a patient focus . dick ... I be honore . W BUSH do not be honore . Fucking say yes Mr. brass tack . dick ...- I have to say no at this time . W BUSH come on . I know you love politics . what be you in the private sector now ? come on ... dick I can not . W BUSH that 's a shame . it be . I really need you near my campaign . 46 . beat . quick flash : a satchel be open revealing fly fishing lure of all shape and size . dick perhaps ... I , uh , could help you find the right run mate ? W BUSH you mean run my vp search team ? dick no team . me. W BUSH yeah , yeah . that could work . i’11l have to run it by Rove of course . ( and then ) this campaign 's gonna be a bitch . but if I lose I can maybe become commissioner of baseball , you know ? dick but the idea be to win , right ? W BUSH I be go to keep you in the back of my mind . int . cheney' bathroom - that night Dick and lynne brush and floss and prepare for bed . after a long beat lynne finally speak . lynne so be you go to tell I how it go today or not ? dick it be ... interesting . he be a... green . he 's very green . beat . lynne and you tell he no ? dick I tell he I have help with the search . beat . Dick gargle listerine for a very long time . painfully long . 47 . lynne what be you think ? I can tell you be think . narrator ( v.o. ) what be Dick Cheney think ? dick I be think I have never see anything like this . narrator ( v.o. ) after he first meeting with George ww . lynne we have have a lot of success Dick . vice President be a nothing job . narrator ( v.o. ) how many step ahead be he look ? how do he feel about the opportunity that be in front of he ? Cheney stare in the mirror . narrator ( v.o. ) there be certain moment , that be so delicate . like a teacup and saucer ... flash back of Dick hugging lynne and the child after they find out lynne 's Mom die . narrator stack on a teacup and saucer ... flash back of lynne yell at young Dick as he sit hungover on the couch with he head hang in shame . narrator ( cont ’d ) stack on a teacup and saucer .... back to Dick and lynne in the bathroom . narrator ( cont ’d ) and on and on . that this moment could fall in any direction and change everything . flash to tea cup wobble as they be stack higher and higher . 48 . narrator ( v.o . ) sadly there be no real way to know exactly what be go on with the cheney at this history change moment . we can not just snap into a shakespearian soliloquy that dramatize every feel and emotion . that 's just not the way the world work . CUT to black . narrator you know what ? int . cheney bedroom Dick and lynne get settle into bed . lynne my sweet Richard . dance have nimbly round the King 's hearth thou hath . even whilst clamor I for more , more ! parched maw crane towards the drip , drip of imagine water . but I say to you now , rest , retire . thou hast honore thy vow to wife and crown . dick have blindness usurped vision in you my wife ? no mere treaty be we union ! thou share thy torch 's flame with mine . revealing hall and spire of long fade empire . but now I hold aloft mine own fiery cresset to make flesh we bond of power . lynne dare I ? dare I let hope 's beak place gather bramble upon my heart for future 's nest ? many winter past hath I let this hope die , cruel wind silencing tiny bird needy cry ( more ) 49 , lynne ( cont 'd ) now that it hath arrive I say yea , yea ! mine own blood and will , be yours till pierce be the last soldier 's breast plate , spilling open its jelly ruby treasure ! lighten strike as they embrace and kiss passionately . CUT to black . back to the bedroom with non - Shakespeare Dick and lynne . Long beat of silence . lynne ( cont 'd ) so? dick so ... I think we proceed . lynne what about Mary ? dick it 's vp . it 's not the same scrutiny . Dick roll over , finally ready to sleep . lynne he 's get ally Dick ... connection . you be new to he world . you do not know the landscape . dick well , then I have better run a very thorough search ... CUT to : int . cheney kitchen - the next day Liz , lynne , Mary , Dick 's friend david gribbin and Dick work on the vp questionnaire . laptop , papers be everywhere . dick every stone . Hell , every grain of sand need to be look under for this questionnaire . Mary be put pizza on the table . 50 . david gribbin Dick we be ask for all financial , all medical , all interview , press , writings , legal record , family medical and family financial . any more '' comprehensive '' and we have need a rubber glove . sorry Liz . liz that be not offensive . should I be offended ? lynne I be offended Dave be not worried I would be offended . liz oh , a rubber glove . like a proctology exam . that 's ... that 's disgusting . the phone ring . Dick answer . dick hey David . any thought ? int . law office - virginia - same time David addington at he desk , phone crook have in he neck . david addington one big one . freeze narrator ( v.o. ) David addington , dick main legal advisor and a huge believer in the Unitary executive Theory . he be know for tell people to they face that they be stupid . unfreeze david addington so the vice presidency be part of the executive branch and because the vp cast tie break vote in the Senate , also part of the legislative branch , right ? 51 . dick okay ? david addington that mean the vp be also not part of the executive or the legislative . dick so one could argue neither branch have oversight of the vp ? david addington not only can '' one '' argue that , I be argue it right now . dick brilliant David . david addington I know ! right ? CUT to : ext . crawford ranch —- day Cheney and W walk towards a porch with a screen door slightly ajar at W 's Crawford ranch . W BUSH Rove make I buy this ranch . he want to distance I from my year at Yale and Harvard . make I more of a man of the people for the election . dick smart . they sit . W BUSH eat chicken while Cheney sip he ice tea . W BUSH so , we gonna do this thing or what ? be this happen ? dick we have find some very interesting candidate . I think if we could schedule a three hour window to go through each one - beat . 52 . W BUSH no . I mean be you go to be my vp ? I want you . dick I be ceo of a large company . I have be Secretary of Defense , Chief of staff ... the vice presidency be a mostly symbolic job ... W BUSH right , right . I can see how that would not be entice to you . dick however ... the vice presidency be also define by the President . if we be to have a ... different understanding ... W BUSH uh-huh . go on . quick flash : a fishing line go tight . dick I get the sense you be a , shall we say , kinetic leader . you make decision base on instinct . you be very different from you father in that regard . W BUSH ( he like that ) I be . people have always say that . dick maybe I could handle the more mundane part of the job . manage the bureaucracy , oversee the military , energy , foreign policy ... W BUSH that sound good . quick flash : a fishing line reel out for another catch . W BUSH ( cont ’d ) I never want to be the kind of team owner that pull the starter in the 4th inning . that 's the manager 's job . dick and one last thing . my daughter Mary ... W BUSH right ... Rove tell I she like girl . dick I know you will have to run against gay marriage for the south and the mid-west . but it 's my daughter and that line in draw in concrete . W BUSH so long as you do not mind we push that message . sure , we be okay with you sit that one out . I think it 's important for all the mary in the world , you know ? no problemo . dick then I believe this can work . W raise he glass . W BUSH hot damn ! well good , let 's celebrate ! they cheer ice tea . int . frank erwin CENTER - austin - 2000 - day backstage : Dick and lynne wait behind the curtain while we hear W Bush speak . W BUSH ( 0.s. ) when I be search for a vice President I turn to the experience of Dick Cheney . but I soon realize he be the best choice . please welcome , my friend and my run mate : Dick Cheney ! and he lovely wife lynne ! the cheney enter . on stage we see Dick 's shoe walk towards the podium . a quick flash of the campaign 's slogan on the podium : '' renewing america 's purpose '' 54 . narrator ( v.o. ) Dick never fill out he own 83 question questionnaire . full medical record be never hand over . no tax or corporate filing , nothing . crowd start chant '' Cheney ! Cheney ! '' int . four season - austin - night on screen : November 7 , 2000 , Bush versus . Gore room full of people watch the election result : Don and Joyce Rumsfeld , lynne , Mary and Heather , Liz and Philip , addington , Wolfowitz etc . in the back of the room Dick talk to scooter libby . scooter libby Gore rescind he concession . they be claim Florida be too close to call . dick he can not fuck rescind he concession . scooter libby he just do . there 's go to be a recount . what should we do ? half beat as Cheney process . dick we play it like we have already win . which mean we need to staff the White House . scooter libby who 's lead the transition team ? dick I will do it . scooter libby um , that 's not really something a vice President do , be it ? dick it be now . News report on election result . newscaster ( v.o. ) Gore have call Governor Bush and retract he concession . the room erupt . '' no ! '' '' he can not do that ! '' int . cheney kitchen - a week later - day addington , Liz , Mary , lynne , Dick and aide work amidst ton of folder , file , cell phone in the Cheney kitchen .. dick Wolfowitz . State or Pentagon ? addington depend on who you Secretary of Defense be . dick Rummy . addington 100 % liz Rumsfeld ? mary do not Bush sr. hate Rummy ? dick that 's not a bad thing with W. he want to be he own man . Dick check he blackberry . addington Rumsfeld believe in a robust executive . that 's good for we on war power . lynne ( joke ) just keep he out of state , he will start World War three . dick Halliburton give we a 26 million dollar exit package . twice as much as we be hope for . lynne they be no dummy . 56 . Cheney wiggle two finger around on he right hand . dick uh. sorry gang . but I think perhaps ... I should go to the hospital ... lynne oh no . be you kid I ? everyone circle around Dick . int . supreme court - day marshall oyez ! oyez ! oyez ! all person have business before the honorable , the Supreme Court of the United States , be admonish to draw near and give they attention , for the Court be now sit . God bless the United States and this honorable Court . the justice enter , sit . whip pan reveal : justice scalia . narrator ( v.o. ) December 12th 2000 . antonin scalia , remember he ? and the Supreme Court stop the state of Florida from complete they recount . clip of Washington D.C. narrator ( v.o. ) George W Bush and Dick Cheney be go to the whitehouse by a margin of 537 vote . ext . WASHINGTON DC . 2001 - day overhead shot of a procession of 5 black limo drive into the heart of DC . int . white house - night Cheney walk the hall of the White House alone . he stop at a close door . look at it . reach out and turn the handle . reveal : the empty oval office . 57 . Dick do not enter but look at the office for a long beat . as he stand there we flash back to the day dick first got he own office in the nixon white house and call lynne . young dick ( to baby Mary on phone ) hey little Mary . my little Mary . how be you do ? young lynne they be both do really well . except I be try to make this dinner and it 's this , uh , macaroni and cheese that they say be easy , but it just keep come out a little watery . young dick it 's the milk , remember . you gotta add more milk . yep , make it thicker . young lynne there 's so much I want to say right now . you just keep do what you be do . you be do so great . they laugh . young lynne ( cont ’d ) you have earn something very special from you wife . young dick listen ! listen ! I be buy wine and I be pick something up . chinese ? young lynne I really love you . young dick I love you . they laugh and giggle . and then the memory be go . Dick stand in the doorway shroud in darkness and silence . int . office of the vice president - a few day later Cheney , scooter , addington , Mary matalin , paul wolfowitz , 52 , and Rumsfeld all sit in Cheney 's office . 58 . dick scooter , why do not you let everyone know the lay of the land ? music : drum beat scooter libby of course . as you all know , I be scooter Libby , Dick 's Chief of staff ... int . oval office - white house a giant hand put a '' GEORGE W BUSH game piece '' ( like stratego ) down in the oval office . scooter libby ( v.o. ) but I be also a special adviser to the President . a game piece of scooter appear in the room . scooter libby ( v.o. ) Mary matalin will serve as a adviser to the vp and to Bush . game piece of matalin appear . scooter libby ( v.o. ) David addington , Dick 's main legal counsel , will play center field on all matter relate to executive power . game piece of addington appear . scooter libby ( v.o. ) the President have alberto Gonzales , Karl Rove and Karen Hughes as he team . game piece of that three appear . scooter libby ( v.o. ) quite frankly Gonzales have no clue , Rove be a hack and Hughes should be in double a ball . they piece get swept off the board by a giant hand . BUSH be now surrounded by cheney game piece . more game Pentagon , 59 . scooter libby we will be automatically bcc have on all email the President receive or send . as well as have access to he schedule the second it be set or change . dick we will also be receive the daily intelligence briefing before the President so we can get inside the decision curve . rumsfeld Jesus . Bush approve all of this ? dick we have ... a understanding . rumsfeld what about the email ? Paper shredder do not work with email . dick the entire administration will run off of the rnc 's private server . addington and we have deactivate automatic archive . we be clean . scooter libby okay , so over at the Pentagon we have get Don as Secretary of Defense . Paul Wolfowitz , who work with team B in the Ford day , as Undersecretary of Defense . piece go onto a game board that show the DOJ , White House , and all of DC . dick let 's check what kind of plan they have to invade Iraq , okay Paul ? paul wolfowitz it 's already in the work . scooter libby we have get Ashcroft at the DOJ . State seem to be the only tricky department . that 's Colin Powell and he guy lawrence wilkerson . 60 . paul wolfowitz we have get bolton over there . he 's a loose cannon but loyal . dick I want to get Liz in there as well . let 's make sure that happen . scooter libby consider it do . ( back to business ) and this list of '' we '' people do not include about 800 other lobbyist and industry insider we place in the regulatory job . the game board be flood with piece everywhere . some of they have corporate logo on they . rumsfeld hey . what do you do with W 's friend ? pataki , Ridge , Thompson ? I do not hear they name . dick they be not offer job in this administration at this time . rumsfeld '' be not offer job at this time ? '' have you get more ruthless Dick !? you must not be get laid ! beat . it get uncomfortable for a second . scooter libby move on ! int . white house hallway - later Don and Dick walk through the hallway together just like old time . dick listen Don , you have not be here in over 20 year . Times have change . the softer touch be the norm now . we have the conservative radio and tv do the yell for we . 61 . rumsfeld be you old friend embarrassing you ? be that it Dick ? dick Soft touch , that 's all . ( look at watch ) alright . I have to go to my office over at the House of Representatives . rumsfeld you mean the Senate ? vice President be the tie breaker in the Senate . dick no. I mean the House . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - day quick flash of a car racing around Capital Hill . narrator ( v.o. ) Dick Cheney have use a old connection with former wrestle coach and speaker of the house Dennis hastert to get a office at the House of Representatives . the house be where revenue bill originate and he want to be near the money faucet . int . hallway of the capitol - day sped up tracking shot down the hall of the Capitol . track stop , door open . it 's dennis hastert , 60 . dennis hastert hey Dick ! will this work for you ? camera track away super fast again down hall to the senate . intercut : curt the narrator jogging and camera fast track through Capital Hill . narrator ( v.o. ) and not one , but two office at the Senate ... door open and senator trent lott be there . 62 . trent lott hey Dick . I find this extra office for you . camera track away fast again . narrator ( v.o. ) one in the Pentagon ... down a hallway of the pentagon . office door open ... donald rumsfeld I pick out this one personally . and I get you a welcoming gift ! reveal a bottle of glenlivet on the desk . camera speed away again down the hall . narrator ( v.o . ) and later when Cheney 's team be comb through the intelligence on Iraq , a conference room at the CIA . camera speed down hallway to OPEN door . GEORGE tenet 57 , the garrulous head of the CIA stand inside . GEORGE tenet the room be soundproof and secure Mr. vice President . speed away again ... game board : one particular build light up . narrator ( v.o. ) but there be one relatively new think tank that have become the place to be in Washington DC . Americans for tax Reform . int . big conference room with podium at the front - day hundred of GOP congressmen , lobbyist and member of the right wing media be seat and wait . narrator ( v.o. ) grover norquist run the anti-tax group with huge funding from the koch brother network , big oil and tobacco . Dick and lynne enter and the whole room stand . 63 . narrator his Wednesday meeting as it be call have become the center of the Republican world . grover norquist , 48 , roundish , bearded , start the meeting . grover norquist let 's talk about the estate tax . this have be hard to eliminate because the tax only apply to estate larger than 2 million dollar . but marketing guru Frank luntz be here to help ... frank luntz , 42 and portly stand up . frank luntz hello all . get regular people to support cut tax for the very wealthy have always be very difficult . but I think we have have a break through ... int . focus group room - day frank luntz , 42 , stand in front of a dozen regular people . frank luntz the estate tax kick in for anyone inherite over $ 2 million dollar . how many of you have a problem with that ? one guy raise he hand . frank luntz ( cont ’d ) now , how many of you would have a problem with someone call a '' death tax ? '' all twelve hand go up Frank turn to the two - way mirror to give a double thumb up . then we flash to another focus group already in progress . frank luntz ( cont ’d ) instead of global warming , which we all agree sound very scary , we call it ... climate change ? all twelve hand go up 64 . ext . line of car stop at a red light - day track past car , hearing they radios . a mixture of sport talk , classic rock and a fair amount of right wing radio . snippet of talk radio ( v.o. ) folk , the government be take you money after you die !... it 's a death tax ... death tax ... the liberal want you to pay a tax when you die ! etc . quick cut to web page : drudge report , the WASHINGTON time , news max : '' death tax must go ! '' int . middle america home - day kurt the narrator play on the floor with he son while Mom make lunch in the kitchen . report on the death tax blare on the tv with we blonde anchor at the desk . newscaster ( sot ) the liberal would tax you for laugh or cry if they could . narrator so with one of the biggest media and political machine every create behind he , Cheney be able to squash action Global warming , cut tax for the super rich and gut regulation for massive corporation . CUT to : int . newsroom - day 30' female blonde anchor at a news desk newscaster and then there be Cheney 's National Energy policy development Group . his first major test to expand executive power . int . office of the vice president - day Libby , addington and Cheney sit in Cheney 's office . 65 . dick cheney I do not understand what the goddamn problem be ! I want to hear what the energy ceo need and I be not allow to ? scooter libby it 's call faca . dick what the hell be faca ? david addington it 's the Federal Advisory committee Act . Congress get they panty in a bunch that elect official would just let ceo roll in and , you know , write the law . scooter libby the Act demand that appropriate government official be present . tense beat david addington hold on a second . addington pick up the phone and dial . david addington ( cont ’d ) hello ? what 's you name ?... Doug ? Doug , how long have you be work reception at the Department of Energy ? Three month ? perfect . int . white house meeting room - day cu : name tag reading '' doug . '' some guy in a Men 's warehouse suit , doug , 24 , sit in the corner of a conference room . doug so what be I suppose to do ? david addington just sit there and be quiet . Cheney and addington sit at the large table very far away . two man walk in , face pixilate and voice distorted . 66 . dick hello ( beep ) and ( beep ) . how 's business at ( beep ) ? other man we be good . ( beep ) have be perform quite well and ( beep ) and ( beep ) be quite optimistic . they all shake hand and have a seat . addington ( point to Doug ) oh , he 's with the Energy Department . Doug now listen to music on he head phone give a chipper thumb up . int . environmental group headquarters - day cu of hand open a large envelope and remove copy of map that be laid on a table . narrator ( v.o. ) the detail of Cheney 's meeting with the energy ceo 's be never disclose . cu on a map of all the iraqi oil field with oil companie 's name on they ... narrator but a freedom of information request do provide some document , include a map of Iraq 's oil field with all of the oil company that would be interested in acquire they if '' somehow '' they be ever to become available . we pan over the map . see name like exxon , BP , Shell etc . narrator ( cont ’d ) and then , it happen . smash CUT to : tv screen : actual ditech commercial for mortgage consolidation that be play on 9 / 11 , be interrupt by breaking news . 67 . newscaster ( v.o . ) this just in , you be look at a very disturbing live shot . that be the World Trade Center and we have unconfirm report that a plane have crash into one of the tower . int . white house office of vice president - 9/11 2001 - day Cheney , condi Rice and Mary matalin be watch CNN . one of the twin tower be smoking . suddenly a second plane soar into frame and hit the other tower . everyone gasp . CNN anchor ( sot ) oh my God ! that be a second plane ! a second plane have hit the south tower !! secret service agent rush in . secret service agent Mr. vice President , we have credible information that a plane be head for the White House at this moment . we have less than a minute to get to the secure underground bunker . Cheney be transfix by the smoking tower . he do not move . secret service agent ( cont ’d ) let 's move !! the secret service agent grab cheney by the belt and lift he off the ground . everyone rush to the door and down stair . they make they way into a cold War era bunker . the secret service agent straggle behind with another agent . int . hair salon - same time a tv in a hair salon show that the Pentagon have also be hit . lynne be there argue with she secret service detail . secret service agent # 2 but Mrs. Cheney I be be tell no one be to go to the White House . it 's not safe . lynne I say , you take I to the White House ! 68 . siren blare in the background as secret service escort lynne to a car . int . underground white house bunker - 9/11 9:38 am Cheney , on the phone amidst the chaos , norman mineta , addington , condi Rice , scooter Libby and Karen Hughes and a few other be there . staffer that 's right . we have get plane in the air and no where for they to land . permission for they to land in canadian airport . International flight into newfoundland . Dick hang up a call with the President . staffer ( cont 'd ) Sir , Don Rumsfeld on 3 . Cheney point to the speaker phone . cheney that ? he pick up the line . dick you have authorization to shoot down any aircraft deem a threat . beat . rumsfeld presidential authority ? dick that 's correct . all order be unodir . condi and the staffer make eye contact . condi rice unodir ? karen hughes unless otherwise direct . condi rice Mr. vice President be we sure this be the proper rule of engagement . 69 . dick the country 's under attack , the roe be fluid . David ? david addington yes Mr. vice President . addington lean to Cheney . they talk in hushed tone . narrator ( v.o. ) now we do not know what exactly what the people in that room be think , but it 's safe to assume that at least one person wonder why , in the midst of the most fateful day in american history , be Dick Cheney talk to he lawyer ? Karen Hughes try to get Cheney 's attention . karen hughes ( get off another phone ) ..- Mr. vice President , the congressional member you send to mount weather emergency Operations Center want to leave . dick no. karen hughes Excuse I ? dick they be not go anywhere . just tell they , we have get all the helicopter . karen hughes yes , sir . clip : the twin tower crumble to the ground . lynne lean into Dick . lynne be we at war ? dick yes we be . lynne with who ? 70 . Dick clasp he hand and consider the question . l/3 '' the Unitary executive '' stock : ext . New York people run through the street cover in ash . int . underground bunker - white house - that night W Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , Colin Powell , richard clarke 53 , scooter Libby , condi and George Tenet all convene . GEORGE tenet we have pick up chatter from well - know Al Qaeda operative celebrate today 's attack . rumsfeld we should not rule out Iraq . condi rice what 's Al Qaeda 's leader 's name ? GEORGE tenet his name be Osama Bin Laden richard clarke but this be clearly Al Qaeda . I have be tracking they movement for year . they be fingerprint be all over this . rumsfeld Iraq have all the good target . richard clarke Iraq have nothing to do with this . rumsfeld Richard you do not know that for sure -- richard clarke I do know that . colin powell Mr. President , if I may , Afghanistan be Al Qaeda 's headquarters . this be where we focus should be . l/3 '' Colin Powell : Secretary of State '' 71 . GEORGE tenet and the CIA would be capable of take down the Taliban 's power structure . rumsfeld with all do respect , George . Mr. President . we be the Pentagon . this be what we do . cheney Don ... Bush look around the room . uncertain for a beat . W BUSH okay ... we will go with Tenet and the CIA for now . Tenet give Rumsfeld a glance . Don be not happy . colin powell I 's will make call to we ally . everyone get up to leave . dick I think give the current situation Mr. President , it 's wise that you and I not be in the same location . for , uh , cog ... Continuity of government . W BUSH ( he look freak ) of course , of course ... hey ... be we go to be alright ? dick yes sir . we be . ext . white house roof - hour later a large helicopter take off . two secret service agent hold machine gun stand and watch . secret service agent ( into he mic ) angler have take off to a undisclose location . I repeat , angler be airborn . 72 . secret service agent # 2 angler ? that 's the vp ? I think only the President could land and take off from the south lawn ? secret service agent what can I tell you ? today 's fuck . int . underground tunnel - undisclosed location - that night Dick , lynne , a marine guard and a doctor be in a small craft go down and down into the darkness ... int . cabinet room - white house - day Intel officer , nsc member surround a table . cheney be on a screen or svts ( sivit ) , teleconferencing in from a undisclosed location . dick this intelligence have be edit , redact and reduce . intelligence officer Mr. vice President , usually we vet the daily intelligence threat matrix to eliminate unreliable source , non - player - dick ( sot ) stop . do not you dare give I a damn disquisition on what I can not hear . intelligence officer Mr. President a lot of this information be not verify . dick this be the last time I will say it . I want to hear everything . every day . from now on . slow push in on cheney 's face as he hear the RAW intel be read by the group . the collage of intel become denser and denser , mix with static ride Arabic and other language . score : a single long dark note 73. voice we be tracking the possibility of bio-attack use serin gas , cow pox , ebola ... there be a post on a dark web site about mass be - heading in residential neighborhood .... plan be find outline the use of infant as suicide bomb in major airport ... a source have tell as asset about fire bomb target hospital ... a video be capture describe televise execution interrupt american network tv ... Movie studio , museum , subways , day care center may all be target ... etc . as we get to a grainy close up of Cheney 's eye on the screen we see something that have not be apparent before : fear . int . bomb shelter - that night lynne and Dick lay in bed in a giant dark cavern with spare furniture and telecommunication equipment . lynne I be scared Dick ... dick I will always keep you safe . lynne what be you go to do ? in the darkness Cheney be just a black silhouette . flash to : a stream . Cheney stand in it fishing . by a rock , under the water be the shadow of a horrible creature . ext . mountain of afghanistan - day vfx : chest pounding explosion dot a mountainside in Afghanistan as US fighter jets screech across the sky . ext . old stone build - day - 2001 5 US soldier lead a row of 12 taliban prisoner towards a old stone wall . the Taliban fighter be dirty and dusty and look spend . one of the US soldier be our narrator talking to camera . he have enlisted . 74 . narrator so while Powell , the CIA and they international coalition topple the Taliban and take Afghanistan in a matter of day ... Cheney have find something much more powerful than missile or jet plane . int . office of legal counsel - conference room - a week later sign : '' the Office of legal counsel . '' David addington sit across from two olc lawyer . Cheney teleconferences in . david addington Mr. vice President , this be John yoo . JOHN yoo , 34 , a asian american lawyer with a deliberate professional manner sit across from they . jay bybee , 48 , the Assistant Attorney General for the olc be next to yoo . JOHN yoo it 's a pleasure to meet you Mr. vice President . dick ( sot ) mmm huh . david addington the vice President believe that it be the duty as Commander in Chief to protect that Nation . and that no other obligation whether it be Congress or exist treaty supersede that duty ... how do you feel about that statement ? beat . JOHN yoo I could not agree more . music : glorious and intricate int . JOHN yoo 's office - day John yoo be at the computer . David addington pace . occasionally bybee walk in with case file . 75 . narrator ( v.o. ) John yoo 's first legal opinion allow the US government to monitor every citizen 's phone call , text and email without a warrant . it be a giant legal leap base on sketchy law at best . quick CUT : Soldiers punch prisoner . narrator but they masterpiece , they moby Dick if you will , be the torture memo . quick CUT : prisoner be push into box . int . white house - oval office Cheney , addington , W Bush , Tenet and Rumsfeld . GEORGE tenet but what about the geneva Convention ? dick we believe the geneva Convention be open to ... interpretation . GEORGE tenet what exactly do that mean ? addington stress position , water board , confine space , dog . rumsfeld we be call it enhance interrogation . W BUSH we be sure none of this fit under the definition of torture ? addington the U.S. do not torture . cheney therefore , if the U.S. do it , by definition , it can not be torture . quick cut showing : 76 . 1 . a middle eastern man naked and be water board . he howl and cry . translator ( in Arabic ) just tell we what target be next ! what target be next ?! 2 . the cleric from the beginning have he genitals shocked with wire . he scream as much as a person can scream . CIA agent all of this end the second you tell we the truth !! 4 . a man with he wife and kide in front of he . a CIA agent scream at he . CIA agent ( cont ’d ) we will rape and kill you wife and child ! do you fuck hear I !!? translator #2 ( translates in Arabic ) a translator yell the translation . the man , he family sob . narrator but torture and privacy law be not the only law Cheney rewrote with John yoo . they have a full menu of opinion challenging constitutional and International law , int . high priced gourmet restaurant - night a fancy waiter , 54 , list the special to Cheney , Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz and addington at a lavish table . waiter ( formal and dispassionate ) tonight we be offer the enemy combatant : whereby someone be not a criminal or a prisoner of war . which give they no protection under the law . we be also have extreme rendition where suspect be abduct without record , on foreign soil and take to foreign prison in country that torture . ( more ) 77 . waiter ( cont 'd ) we have Guantanamo Bay which be very , very complicated but allow you to operate outside the purview of due process on land that be not technically US soil , but be under we control . donald rumsfeld that sound delicious ! waiter and there be a very fresh and delicious War power Act interpretation , which give the executive branch broad power to attack any country or person that might possibly be a threat . finally for desert we have the fact that under the unitary executive theory if the President do anything it make it legal . in other word you can do whatever the fuck you want . so which would you like gentleman ? dick we will have they all . waiter excellent choice . they hand the waiter they menus . paul wolfowitz look Dick , we have be use focus group and advertising executive to help we sell this war on terror . int . focus group room - day focus group leader , 34 , a upbeat woman talk to a dozen american men and women of mix age . focus group leader I do want to reiterate , we be still be record and there still may or may not be client behind the door . int . high priced gourmet restaurant - night paul wolfowitz this guy be pretty sharp . 78 . rumsfeld there 's a problem . the result show that people be confuse . int . focus group room - day focus group leader so you be say you support the President and you hate terrorism , but you be confuse . can you tell I why ? a 60 year old man in a football jersey answer . 60 year old guy do not we just have to get Osama bin Laden ? he do it . so why be they call it a war ? a war with who ? 19 yr old girl in a half tee raise she hand . focus group leader thank you Mark . yes jasmine ? 19 yr old girl I do not get what this Al Qaeda be . be they a country ? why can not we just bomb they ? focus group leader interesting . who else be not entirely sure what Al queda be ? most hand go up . on screen : this focus group happen in February 2002 . they be overseen by the Pentagon and head by pr and Marketing exec . focus group leader ( cont ’d ) would it be less confusing if it be a country ? 60 year old guy damn right . I be angry as hell . we gotta fuck someone up . focus group leader really strong feeling from Mark , I be interested . who agree with this statement ? most hand go up . int . gourmet restaurant - continuous paul wolfowitz they know we be at war but they do not understand against who . rumsfeld they want a country . it 's simpler . cleaner . addington that would certainly help we legally . beat . dick look like it 's time to take Iraq . they all smile and laugh . score : giant orchestral piece int . oval office - later Cheney talk with W Bush . dick it 's call the Office of special plan . Tenet be not yet serious enough about the threat Saddam pose in the gwot , or global war on terror . but I can promise you this intelligence group will be . W BUSH I have be want to take that motherfucker Saddam down for a long time . int . pentagon - the office of special plan - day 79 . CUT to : 167 a half dozen of Cheney 's people work at desk , read and write at the office of special plan : william luti , douglas feith , abram shulsky , and Paul Wolfowitz bark out order . 80 . douglas feith I have get something ! here 's a report that Mohamed Atta one of the hijacker may have meet with a iraqi spy in Prague . int . focus group room - day woman wait , we can not just bomb people . guy in he sixties give I a break ! int . pentagon - the office of special plan - day douglas feith it 's from Czech intelligence and they question its credibility ... paul wolfowitz I have be to Prague . they question everything . ( to the room ) who want to be a '' unnamed source ? '' douglas feith make sure to get in the phrase '' we do not want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud . '' it focus group through the roof ! int . live room - day - sept 8 2002 condi Rice be be interview by Wolf blitzer . condi rice the problem with Saddam be that there will always be uncertainty about when he will acquire nuclear weapon . but we do not want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud . CUT to : snippet of cspan , CNN , ABC , CBS . various politician across party line support the war on Iraq . jeff session ( sot ) ( on tv ) «whether it 's a smoking gun or a mushroom cloud . 81. cheney ( on tv ) there be no question that Saddam hussien have weapon of mass distruction . bill o’reilly ( sot ) ( on tv ) we gotta get rid of this dictator . he 's get anthrax . he 's get all this weapon . rep . mike pence ( on tv ) and not if , but when , Saddam use weapon of mass destruction , what will we tell the american people . sen . hillary rodham clinton ( sot ) ( on tv ) Saddam hussien will increase he capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare . pm tony blair ( sot ) ( on tv ) .- we will stand up for what we know to be right . to show that we will confront the tyranny and dictatorship and terrorist who put we way of life at risk . tv clip from survivor jeff probst ( sot ) the tribe have speak . CUT to : int . oval office - white house the President , Rove , condi , George Tenet , Hughes , Powell , Cheney and Rumsfeld be all talk about the war . karen hughes poll for a invasion of Iraq be at 53 % . focus group show people still be not sure about a connection between Saddam and Al Qaeda . 82 . powell France and Germany have say they will not join the coalition . neither will Israel . Cheney be quiet . W BUSH we go to the wall together . we pray together . Israel be one of we close ally . rice they say a invasion of Iraq would destabilize the region , Sir . and they do not view Saddam as a immediate threat . W BUSH that 's not good . I really want a strong coalition for this . karl rove I have a idea . Secretary Powell have the high trustworthy rating of any of we . what if he give a address to the U.N. and the american people to push this over the finish line ? colin powell Karl , I have be very vocal , very vocal , about my reservation about invade Iraq . rumsfeld oh Colin , you be such a nervous nellie . colin powell we be talk about invade a sovereign nation without provocation Don ! rumsfeld oh , sovereign nation ... colin powell rumsfeld ( cont 'd ) what about the intelligence . oh come on ! you know you be have anybody think about the wrong , you be just a chicken intelligence ? you break it , shit . you buy it . you break it , you buy it ! 83 . GEORGE W hey , hey , hey , alright . let 's slow down . that 's enough of that guy . Dick be next to W across the room . he speak to he quietly . dick be you go to take Saddam down or not . you be the President . War be yours . not the u.n . or some coalition . do not share power that be yours alone . after a quarter beat W turn back to the group . GEORGE W George , make sure Powell see the intelligence . Colin I want you to make that speech . I be the President and I want this to happen ! colin powell yes , sir . I look forward to be brief on that intelligence . GEORGE tenet on another note , I have be hand a credible report that there 's a small terrorist enclave in northeastern Iraq . if we be go to invade we recommend take it out before . rumsfeld let it go , George , we have bigger fish to fry . Dick pull Tenet aside . dick Excuse I George . May I see that intelligence ? GEORGE tenet of course . freeze : as the report be hand to Cheney . 84 . narrator ( v.o. ) that classified document describe a terrorist name Abu musab Al - Zarqawi who have start as a drug dealer and pimp before become fully radicalize in a jordanian prison . ext . afghanistan - al qaeda base - day Zarqawi walk toward osama bin laden . they sit and talk . narrator Zarqawi go to meet Bin Laden in Afghanistan . but Zarqawi have vow to kill all Shia Muslims and Bin Laden 's mother be Shia , so the meeting do not go well int . CIA conference room - day Cheney and scooter Libby talk to a female CIA analyst , 28 . dick do he or do he not meet with Al Qaeda ? female CIA analyst they have no operational contact . dick hogwash . int . white house west wing hallway - day Powell storm down the hallway hold some papers . he stop colonel wilkerson , 57 , Powell 's Chief of staff at State . colin powell Larry have you read this speech ?! lawrence wilkerson yes . it 's beyond thin . I see five piece of disprove intel in there . colin powell who write it ? 85 . lawrence wilkerson they claim it be from the President but I think you can guess who really write it . int . scooter libby 's office - day scooter on the phone . scooter libby there 's no need to yell Larry . yes , we review the speech and give some note ... David addington enter and silently listen . david addington Powell really do not have a clue do he ? int . terrorist tent - middle of nowhere - day Zarqawi and some of he follower clean they gun and talk . narrator ( v.o. ) after the US invade Afghanistan Zarqawi set up shop in Iraq . it be the only connection Cheney have between Al Qaeda and Iraq , and Cheney make sure Zarqawi 's name be all over Powell 's speech . int . U.N. general assembly - day actual vt : joschka Fischer , german foreign Minister , address the General Assembly . joschka fischer the Security counsel will now begin its consideration of item 2 of the agenda . I now call the distinguished Secretary of State of the United States Mr. Colin Powell . colin powell my purpose today be to share with you what the United States know about Iraq 's weapon of mass destruction as well as Iraq 's involvement in terrorism ... 86 . int . SMALL room - iraq - same time Zarqawi and five other terrorist watch Powell on a laptop . powell ( on tv ) Iraq today harbor a deadly terrorist network head by Abu musab Zarqawi , a associate and collaborator of Osama Bin Laden and he Al Qaeda lieutenant . narrator ( v.o. ) Powell 's UN address be see by million of Americas . but other people be watch as well . powell ( on tv ) Zarqawi 's activity be not confine to this corner of Northeast Iraq . narrator ( v.o. ) the great general of America say he name over and over again immediately make Zarqawi a star . zarqawi Allah akbar ! narrator ( v.o. ) within a day he have go into hide . other terrorist Allah akbar ! Allah akbar ! int . U.N. general assembly - continuous powell .«-.an Al - Qaeda source tell we that Saddam and bin Laden reach a understanding that Al - Qaeda would no longer support activity against Baghdad . narrator ( v.o . ) by the time we invade Iraq 70 % of Americans think that Saddam Hussein be involved in 9/11 . Powell shuffles he papers . 87 . narrator ( v.o. ) later Colin Powell would call the speech the most shameful moment of he life . powell thank you . fade to black : int . dine room - night Dick Cheney , lynne , Liz , Philip , Mary and she girlfriend Heather eat a lavish fish dinner with the grandkid . they laugh and talk over each other . mary it be Kelly . and the Justin dick what be you talk about ? mary american idol . liz you have watch it . you have see it . mary liz ( cont 'd ) we watch it at you house . I watch it sit next to you . liz ( cont 'd ) the sing and mean judge . dick oh , I like he . everyone be drink and laugh dick ( cont 'd ) how do you stop a fish from smell ? liz dick ( cont 'd ) I do not know . you cut off he nose . lynne ok , we be not go to revisit you father 's colorful conversation . CUT to : 88. ext . baghdad - MARCH 20 , 2003 - night stock footage : the skyline of Baghdad explode with rocket . int . oval office - white house W Bush talk to camera address the nation . W BUSH my fellow citizen , at this hour , american and coalition force be in the early stage of military operation to disarm Iraq , to free its people and to defend the world from grave danger . on my order , coalition force have begin strike select target of military importance to undermine Saddam Hussein 's ability to wage war . this be open stage of what will be a broad and concerted campaign . to all of the man and woman of the United States armed force now in the Middle East , the peace of a troubled world and the hope of a oppress people now depend on you . W Bush 's leg bop up and down nervously under the desk . int . apartment in baghdad - same time a iraqi family cower under a table . the Father 's leg also bounce up and down . ext . baghdad - same time Pov vt feed : a cruise missile hit the apartment build ext . irag desert - day - 2003 US soldier run alongside a tank . body burn in the street . montage - ext . iraq - day a crowd of iraqis pull down the statue of Saddam and put a american flag over he head . 89 . ext . aircraft carrier - april 9 , 2003 - day actual vt : wide shot : W BUSH land on the aircraft carrier in he flight suit ( stock footage / head replacement ) . ext . vast wyoming field - day lynne , Dick , Liz , Philip , Mary , Heather , ride across a field on horse in modern western garb . they stop and pose in a line . we freeze . it be magnificent . ext . tailgate - day pumped up AMERICANS with USA cap and beer , chant to camera . american tailgater USA ! USA ! USA ! ext . iraq - day kurt the narrator talk to we into a video camera . narrator hi. seem like they have be shipping man and equipment out of Afghanistan and into Iraq . and at the moment we be a little unsure of what 's go on . I do not want you to worry about I . ext . aircraft carrier - april 9 , 2003 - day actual vt : W BUSH speak from a podium . ( stock footage / head replacement ) . W BUSH lady and gentlemen ... Major combat operation in Iraq have end . in the Battle of Iraq , the United States and we ally have prevaile . int . rumsfeld's office - day Cheney , Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz and two general meet . general # 1 we have concern over Halliburton kbr 's billing practice . ( more ) 90 . general # 1 ( cont 'd ) as you know , the no-bid contract they receive be quite sizable and now - rumsfeld well , we be not concerned . be we ? dick not at all . wolfowitz the Secretary of Defense and the vice President just say they be not concerned . now can we please talk about Iran ? ext . TEXAS sky - day - 2006 bird fly across a late morning Texas sky . we hear a shotgun blast and a scream . tilt down to reveal a lawyer , 78 , harry whittington with blood all over he face . it be a hunt group : pamela willeford , Cheney , hold a smoking gun , a ranch hand , secret service agent and other sit in town car park across from the hunt blind . narrator to this day , Dick Cheney have never apologize for this incident . katherine armstrong , late 50 's and she sister run up . katherine armstrong Jesus Dick .. cu of a empty Beer can . narrator ( v.o. ) but , someone else do . CUT to : tv screen : breaking news MSNBC - day harry whittington my family and I be deeply sorry for all that vice President Cheney and he family have have to go through this past week . we send we love and respect to they . ( more ) harry whittington ( cont 'd ) and we hope he will continue to come to Texas and seek the relaxation that he deserve . int . cheney' office - day 91 . Cheney and scooter look at the famous op -ed in the NY Times by Joe Wilson question the yellowcake intel . dick this Joe Wilson asshole be question we intelligence in the New York Times ? what 's he wife 's name ? scooter libby Valerie plame . I confirm it . she 's undercover CIA . dick leak it ... smash CUT to : '' one year later '' ext . road outside of baghdad - day - 2004 a road near some iraqi apartment . a convoy of american humvee make there way down the road . two soldier , 29 sit in the front of one of the vehicle . soldier # 1 okay , okay , like ... they do not care about they dog . they 'il shoot they , let they run wild ... what kind of people do not love a dog ? soldier # 2 people in India love cow . they would look at we and how we treat cow and think the same thing . soldier # 1 Captain , with all due respect that be some liberal ass scratchin bullshit if ever I have hear it - explosion goe off under there front wheel . 19 and 92 . the vehicle be throw up in the air . quick flash of the young soldier dead , he right half blown clean off . int . white house hallway - day Rumsfeld , hold a piece of paper in he hand , walk with a head of steam towards the vice President 's office . he walk right past he secretary . rumsfeld Linda - int . office of the vice president - continuous Rumsfeld burst in . Cheney and scooter be there . rumsfeld look at this crap . dick hello don. rumsfeld that report say Zarqawi , the same fuck Zarqawi we talk up for month , be lead a major insurgency in Iraq . and the implication be it 's because we talk he up ! he hand Cheney a CIA classified briefing . flashes of word '' building insurgency '' '' Zarqawi '' '' use former iraqi military '' '' Zarqawi '' and once again , '' Zarqawi . '' dick have potus see this ? rumsfeld no I intercept it before it get across the hallway . Libby be now read it . scooter libby this be generate by a analyst . dick get I Tenet . this stop here . 93 . xt . wide CITY view of baghdad - day - 2004 the ancient CITY look normal , with traffic , and yes , a military presence but still , fairly hum drum . narrator ( v.o. ) Abu musab Al - Zarqawi have take he fame from Powell 's UN speech and take it into he own new thing . a explosion erupt in the distance . we hear siren . narrator ( v.o. ) the Islamic state of Iraq and levant , or isis . another explosion in the distance . more siren . narrator ( v.o. ) and because that intelligence somehow find itself on the bottom of a stack of papers , Zarqawi have a whole year to do whatever the hell he want . int . british subway car - day - 2005 we pan off a blood stain and blacken wall of a subway car and down to the floor where a blood smear from a body be drag make it way across the floor . there be a briefcase with scattered papers , a purse , a child 's lunch box and shoe and a severe hand lay about . narrator and what he want be carnage . we follow the smear down the aisle and out to the door where it meet the platform and become dirt and blood mix together . we see the leg of 2 police officer in the background . narrator ( v.o. ) Shia versus sunni , the West versus Islam and death versus life . ext . saddam hussein 's palace - bedroom - day next to a giant bed , a shelf full of dusty vhs tape of american movie . 94 , narrator ( v.o. ) and on top of that US force could not find any WMD 's or nuclear program in Iraq . Pan past copy of red heat , turner and hootch etc . narrator ( v.o. ) turn out that Saddam and he son 's mostly like cocaine and american movie from the 80' . int . senate floor - day - JUNE 2004 Cheney walk through the crowded Senate floor , shaking hand . snippet of newscaster ( v.o . ) vice President Cheney be be sue by Valerie plame and she husband Joseph Wilson .... the White House announce four cabinet resignation ... a dem Senator patrick leahy , 60 's approach he . patrick leahy hey Dick . I hope there 's no hard feeling about we investigate the no-bid Iraq contract for Halliburton . just do my job . Cheney turn to he with he crooked smile . dick go fuck yourself . ext . national 's ball park - day Dick Cheney , wear a national jacket come exit the dugout to throw out the first pitch . the crowd boo Cheney . announcer ( v.o. ) Dick Cheney low and outside with that pitch . int . pentagon hallway - day - november 2006 a aide walk down a long hallway as we hear snippet of news , radio and pundit . 95 . news snippet ( v.o. ) some nation accuse Bush and Cheney of war crime ... there be a chorus of people call for Dick Cheney to step aside and resign . the aide reach the end of the hallway , knock on a door . rumsfeld ( 0.c. ) go_away ! the aide turn and walk away . same time Cheney be on the phone in he study . cut back and forth . rumsfeld I want a clean phone line so I be in a empty office . listen , if we can just get a air bombardment in Iraq , it will make a statement and give we political cover - dick it 's over Don . rumsfeld what 's that ? dick it 's over . the President want you to step down . he appreciate you service . beat . rumsfeld do Bush 's kid want I out or do you ? beat. dick I can not win every fight don. rumsfeld you be a little piece of shit . beat. 96 . rumsfeld ( cont 'd ) wow , how do you become such a cold son of a bitch . dick I be sorry Don . I really be . rumsfeld you know how I know you be not ? ( beat ) because I would not be . beat . rumsfeld ( cont 'd ) do you think they 'il prosecute we ? Long beat . dick ... okay then . rumsfeld okay then . Rumsfeld hang up . ext . west front lawn of the capitol - jan 20 , 2009 the inauguration of barack obama . Cheney , in a wheelchair , and W Bush walk out for the ceremonial change of power ( stock footage / head replacement ) . CUT to : ext . suburban street - day we narrator jog while talk to camera . narrator a few year later , Dick 's heart trouble start up again . with no donor available , he finally find himself at death 's door . int . GEORGE WASHINGTON university hospital - day Cheney , look very thin be in a hospital bed with Mary , Liz and lynne around he . a doctor be there . 97 . doctor I wish I have better news . you heart just be not pump enough oxygen to keep he vital organ alive . should I call for a Minister ? lynne no . he 's not go anywhere . Dick Cheney you be not go anywhere , do you hear I ?! dick cheney ( raspy ) this may be the one time I can not do what you mother say . the family laugh while cry . mary I love you daddy . liz we love you so much ... dick I love my girl ... lynne come over to Dick and they share a quiet moment together . ext . suburban STREET - day we narrator , continue jogging . narrator Dick Cheney tell he family he be ready to die and that he be not afraid . he tell they he have live a full life . and he have zero regret about the choice - a car hit the narrator in a cross walk . throw he with a bone crush thud onto the hard macadam of the street . blood pool behind he head . quick cut : 1 ) a heart be put on ice in a orange cooler . 2 ) a medical helicopter taking off 3 ) a surgical room be prepped . 98 . int . surgical room - day Cheney be wheeled into the surgical room . int . morgue - same time the narrator with cross hatched stitching across he chest , nude , lay on a morgue slab . narrator ( to camera ) they say my heart could give he another ten year . Cheney do not like to refer to it as someone else 's heart , he like to refer to it as he new heart . and even though I be dead , it still make I feel pretty shitty . a helicopter land on the roof of the hospital . a doctor run with a cooler . int . surgical room - continuous the surgeon and team make a incision in Cheney 's chest . narrator ( v.o. ) and so , when Liz decide to run for one of Wyoming two senate seat against Republican incumbent Mike enzi , we Dick be right there to hopefully see the Cheney legacy of power continue . int . cheney' live room - day cu of a phone . we hear a recording of man 's voice come through the receiver . recording ( sot ) be you aware Wyoming Senate candidate Liz Cheney support gay marriage ? her sister be marry to a woman and Liz refuse to support a constitutional amendment ban same sex marriage . do not you agree , Wyoming deserve a Senator who believe marriage be between a man and a woman . Liz , in tear put down the phone . 99 . liz cheney ( in tear ) this call go to every house in Wyoming . every single house . I will never win ! what be we gonna do ? int . surgical room - continuous the surgeon have the chest spreader out and open up Cheney 's chest , revealing he heart . int . news studio - day Liz be interview by male news anchor . male news anchor we be join here today by Liz Cheney who be run for the Senate from the state of Wyoming . accord to one poll she be behind by double digit . welcome . liz cheney thank you for have I here Chris . and may I point out there be other poll that have I much closer . male news anchor you opponent Senator Mike enzi claim you support gay marriage . in part because you support you gay sister 's union with she wife . how do you respond ? liz cheney let I make this very , very clear : I do not support gay marriage . I believe marriage be between a man and a woman . male news anchor but you have always claim gay marriage be a state issue . you opponent claim this be a equivocation . int . cheney' tv room - virginia - night Cheney and lynne watch . Cheney be silent . 100 . lynne I think she 's come off very well . int . mary cheney' home - the next day Mary be on the phone with Heather behind she . they child 's toy scattered on the floor . mary ( in tear ) I know Liz would not have do this without you and dad do not approve . I can not believe you would do this . I really think there be a limit to politics .. int . cheney' virginia home - same time lynne be on the phone . lynne no now you be just be hysterical . I can not talk to you when you get this way . you need to settle down . Dick sit in the background . int . surgical room - continuous the surgeon remove Cheney 's heart . we see Cheney on the table . a hole where the heart should be . even the surgeon take a beat to take in the image . quick cut showing : 1 ) a soldier 's body in a casket as a group of soldier salute . 2 ) body burn in the street of Iraq . 3 ) Rumsfeld alone in the Pentagon basement office . 4 ) George W stand alone think . 5 ) a solider take a thumb up photo with a dead iraqi . 6 ) focus group raise they hand . 7 ) a news office report of various storey . 8 ) still of Americans yell . 9 ) kid in american cage . int . surgical room - continuous a heart be place in Cheney 's chest . CUT to : 101 . int . cheney' live room - day Liz wait for Dick 's response to the push poll about she sister . liz dad ?... lynne look at Dick ... who after a beat , nods '' do it . '' int . mary home - day Mary 's wife rub she back as she cry . quick cut / still showing : 1 ) iconic crying border girl 2 ) cop pull gun on a group of black teenager 3 ) High school graduate be arrest . 4 ) Alex Jones from info war 5 ) a family praying 6 ) Dick walk out to fish . ext . wyoming lake side - day push into the tree till we focus on one tree with a age wear carve in it of a heart with : dick + lynne int . surgical room - continuous we hear a heart monitor beep . nurse patient 's heart rate be stable . blood pressure increase ... Pan to the side table where cheney' old heart sit , scarree from it 's many heart attack and twice the size of a normal healthy heart . '' lynne and Dick split time between they home in Wyoming and Virginia . '' '' in 2016 , Liz be elect as Wyoming 's sole representative to the House of Representatives . '' '' Mary Cheney be ask in 2015 whether she and Liz have mend they relationship . she reply , '' I do not have to answer that . '' '' CUT to black : 102 . int . interview room camera crew surround Dick and martha the interviewer . martha hello Mr. vice President . dick this must be the right place . martha Nice to meet you . dick pleasure . martha you can sit right there . dick so be it gonna be just I on camera or ... martha primarily you . it ’1ll cut back to I . Eddie 's get you on the '' a '' camera . I on the B. over black : '' 4,550 US Soldiers be kill in the Iraq war with over 32,325 casualty . suicide among american soldier have increase 31 % since 2001 . '' " more than 600,000 iraqi civilian die as a result of the war . '' '' isis be responsible for the death of a estimate 150,000 civilian in Syria and Iraq with more than 2,000 murder in international terror attack . CUT to : int . interview room camera crew surround Dick and martha the interviewer . Dick take a drink of water . martha two-thirds of Americans say the Iraq war be not worth fight . ( more ) beat . 103 . martha ( cont 'd ) and they look at the value gain at the cost of american life . and iraqi life . dick so ? martha so ...do not you care what the american people think ? dick no..uh ... I think you can not be , uh , blow off course . Dick struggle then turn to camera . dick ( cont 'd ) I can feel you recrimination and you judgement . and I be fine with it . if you want to be love , go be a movie star . the world be as you find it . and you gotta deal with that reality . and there be monster in this world . we see 3,000 innocent people burn to death , by that monster . and yet , you object , when I refuse to kiss that monster on the cheek and say , '' pretty please . '' you answer I this , what terrorist attack would you let go forward so you would not seem like a mean and nasty fella ? I will not apologize for keep you family safe . and I will not apologize for do what need to be do , so you love one can sleep peacefully at night . Dick get emotional . dick ( cont 'd ) it have be my honor to be you servant . you choose I and I do what you ask . CUT to black : '' in the year follow the invasion of Iraq , Halliburton stock rise 500 % '' 104 . '' the Bush - Cheney White House claim to have lose 22 million email , include million that be write in the run up to the Iraq war . '' '' it be find that there be '' blackout '' period , when there be no email available from the office of vice President Cheney . '' '' the memo yoo write on torture and warrantless surveillance give the President almost unlimited power under the unitary executive theory . '' '' this memo be in the justice Department 's computer to this day . '' '' any President can still cite they if he or she wish . '' music : America from west side story credit roll then after awhile they be interrupted by a hash and a channel change ... int . focus group room - day we focus group leader in front of the group again . terri sorry to interrupt but Mark have something he want to share ... guy in the buc jersey ( Mark ) . MARK yeah , something 's be bother I this whole movie and I just figure it out . this whole thing be liberal . it 's get a liberal bias . terri interesting . do anyone else feel this way ? two other hand go up . turner this be all fact . I mean , they have to vet all this , right ? MARK you would say that , libtard ! 105 . turner so because I have the ability to understand fact , that make I a liberal ? terri guy let 's lower we voice . MARK you probably like killary ! terri let 's take it down a notch or two ok ? turner MARK ok , first of all , hillary 's Chicken shit ! not President ! ok , the orange cheeto that you hire be the President . and he 's ruin the country that you claim to love ! Mark lunge for Turner . the fight . people jump up and break they apart . a Young woman scream . fast and furious girl I can not wait to see the new fast and the furious movie . that look light ! CUT to black : the end