" bachelor party " screenplay by Neal Israel &amp ; Pat proft Story by Bob Israel shoot draft ( 1984 ) fade in : ext . ST . ann' school - day camera pan a group of freshly - scrubbed , innocent child , obediently stand in line , like recruit for the Holy crusade . pull back to reveal they be wear the gray blazer , stripe tie and navy slack of St. luke 's School . they be wait patiently at the curbside in front of the statue of the school 's saint namesake . one of the fifth grade boy poke the kid next to he with he elbow . the other kid be about to retaliate when sister mary francis , a stern - face nun , appear behind they , grab they both firmly by the shoulder . sister mary francis make one more move and you will both be stay late for the rest of the week . the boy ( softly ; in unison ) sorry , sister Mary Francis . sister mary francis I do not hear you . the boy ( louder ) sorry , sister Mary Francis . sister Mary Francis check she watch . she scowl and look out past the parking lot gate . suddenly we hear the SOUND of a engine roaring at full throttle . there be a screeching of brake , follow by the loud grinding of gear . it sound like the indy 500 be take place around the corner . sister mary francis ( use to this ) step away from the curb , child . another angle Zoom through the parking lot gate be a large yellow school bus . it practically take the last turn on just two wheel . the bus driver quickly slam on the brake , leave ten foot of rubber behind he as the bus come to a ear-splitt halt right in front of they . the front door immediately swing open and rick stahl , the driver , hop out . Rick be the life of the party , even when there be not any party go on . while chronologically older than the St. luke student , the only thing that set he apart from they be that he have a driver 's license . Rick figure he will live up to he capability and get serious in he next life ... this incarnation 's strictly for laugh . sister Mary Francis step up to he . sister mary francis you be late again , Rick . rick I know , sister , but I have a very good excuse . sister mary francis there can be no excuse for tardiness . rick you be absolutely right . I should never have stop to save that drown infant . I be just weak , sister ; I be so weak . he start sobbing softly into he hand . sister mary francis all right , stop that ... Children , on the bus . the kid obediently file past Rick , who make like he be drying he tear with he handkerchief . rick sister , do you ever get lonely after vesper ? if you do , why do not you give I a call . I be in the book . sister mary francis ( smile despite herself ) get go , Rick ... you be late enough as it be . rick right ... think it over . he hop on the bus , close the door and gently back the bus out of the parking lot . int . bus - day as soon as the bus be out of sight of the school , all hell break loose . the formally well - mannered child be act like normal kid ... hit each other over the head with book , run up and down the aisle , scream at the top of they lung . angle - rick he remove the St. Christopher statue from the dashboard , revealing a hulaing Hawaiian girl in a grass skirt . he watch the madness behind he in he rearview mirror , pick up the p.a. microphone and rationally attempt to restore order . rick ( over mike ) if you do not all calm down I be gonna drive this thing over a cliff . the kid pay no attention to he . rick ( continue ; philosophically ) ah ... youth . ext . the bus Rick 's bus pull up to a light and another school bus fill with kid ( from a public school ) pull up alongside of it . the other driver give Rick a competitive smirk and gun he engine . Rick counter by gun he . int . the bus all the kid start scream " Race ... race . " " wipe them out . " " go for it . " etc. some of the kid even start take out money and start betting one another on the race 's outcome . angle - rick as he ready for action . ext . the buse the light turn green and they be off . or as off as two lunky school bus fill with kid can be . wide shot - another STREET the two bus come zoom down the street . int . rick's bus the kid be scream at Rick to go faster . one of the little boy look nauseous as he clutches the seat in front of he . ext . the STREET - low angle the bus squeeze down a narrow street , neck and neck with one another . int . the bus the kid be all yell word of encouragement to Rick , who be hunch over in he seat , drive with the determination of Andy granitelli . the nauseous kid be now turn a pale shade of green . he move to a open window , strain to control the inevitable . ext . the buse they race down a steep hill . int . the bus the nauseous kid can not hold it any longer . ext . the other bus something hit with a splat against the windshield that resemble Campbell 's chunky vegetable Soup . int . the other bus the other Driver turn on the windshield . it only make it worse . ext . the STREET Rick 's bus pull out in front , accompany by the cheer of he passenger . suddenly a stop light loom ahead . Rick put on he brake . both bus stop just in time . int . rick's bus Rick 's kid be all pile in a clump right behind he in the front of the bus . although dishevel , the kid still manage a victorious cheer . photographer' Pov we be looking through the camera lens . we see a cute one - year - old baby boy . he 's sit on a cuddly blanket . we hear the voice of jay o'neill . he be a baby photographer at sear . o'neill ( o.s. ) okay , timmy ... hold that smile ... and watch the birdie . he take the picture and we see the camera flash . o'neill ( o.s. ) there . o'neill we see he have he camera and backdrop set up in the camera department behind a velour curtain which black out the rest of the store . he 's conservatively dress in a suit , vest and tie . he look like he could be a Young Republican . but under that sear clothes be a man a little off center . Rick 's best friend . need we say more ? he take the film out of the camera . the matronly mother be in the process of gather up she baby . o'neill this should be in the mail to you by next Friday . she smile and exit . o'neill ( continue ) next . a beautiful -- and we be talk gorgeous -- woman enter . her clothes hug every curve of she body . she have she baby in she arm . o' neill immediately want she , and now . his eye settle onto she full breast . this he like . o'neill ( continue ) whoa . look at that baby . she get this innuendo and love it . o'neill ( continue ) how be we do ? my name be o'neill . and you be ...? woman klupner. ( teasing ) Mrs. klupner . o'neill Mrs .? woman I be separate . o'neill then there be a God . why do not we take that baby picture . he take the baby . he have a hard time take he eye off she breast . he place the baby on the blanket . o'neill ( continue ) if I be you , I would breast feed until I be 17 or 18 . ( get behind camera ; size up the shot ) tell ya what ... o'neill Pov through camera we see the baby sit on the blanket . o'neill ( o.s. ) why do not you lean into the picture with you child ? she coyly lean into frame . o'neill ( o.s. ) ( continue ) a-huh . a little more ... good ! she be totally block she baby out of the picture . o'neill he get out from behind the camera . o'neill I be get one heck of a glare off you dress there . could you undo a few button ? woman ( seductively ) of course . she start to unbutton she blouse . o' neill look into he camera . o'neill Pov through lens we see the woman finish she last button . o'neill ( o.s. ) now lean in a little more ... more ... more ... as she comply , she breast all but spill out of she dress . o'neill ( o.s. ) ( continue ) hold that pose . o'neill he run from behind the camera and pose with the woman . through camera lens we see a quick series of camera flash . each pose find he near she breast . he have they on he head . he 's cheek to breast . etc . rick enter and witness the photo session . he immediately jump into the shot . through camera lens Rick join the craziness . after several beat , the woman get bored and exit the frame . the woman as Rick and o'neill continue mugging like two 12 - year-old in a photo booth , the woman take she child and exit . a few beat pass and the guy notice they be alone . o'neill where would she go ? rick she probably have sex schedule for 12:30 . o' neill , let 's pick up the guy for a drink ... I have major news to announce . o' neill cross to he camera and take out the film . o'neill okay ... be right with ya . rick he pick up some photograph of today 's work . insert - photo each one have a different mother in several seductive pose . they baby be barely visible , if at all . rick ( o.s. ) picture a family will cherish forever . ext . chulo' auto shop - day Rick 's school bus pull into the yard of the auto shop . several chicanos be work on various car . Rick and o'neill hop out . rick hey , chulo , where be you , man ? angle - late -model car we see a very large pair of shoe stick out from under the chassis . slowly , a large , bear-like body roll out and we catch we first glimpse of chulo . a happy-go-lucky mechanic of mexican ancestry . chulo hey , you guy , what 's go on ? rick we be go for a little liquid refreshment . chulo great . I will go with you . wait a second . hey , raul ! move that car , will you ? a SMALL mechanic with a eye patch get into a car behind they as we dolly with the guy through the lot . chulo ( continue ) Roberto , you finish fix that lighter yet ? another mechanic stick he face out of another car and shake he head . just then raul , the eye-patch worker , whizze by behind the guy , drive the car in a zig - zag pattern right into traffic . chulo ( continue ; to Rick ) I be glad you guy come by ... what 's the occasion ? o'neill Rick 's get a important announcement to make . chulo yeah . what be it ? rick I have decide not to run for President . chulo too bad , man , that blow my chance to be ambassador to France . behind they we can see Roberto fiddling with the lighter . suddenly flame leap out of the car , blow Roberto ten foot into the air . angle the guy all start to pile into the bus . nearby another employee be wash down the garage with a hose . chulo turn to another mechanic , who have he head under the hood of a car . chulo manuel , be sure and finish up the electrical system on that chevy . manuel wave at chulo , who turn , hop on the bus . Rick start it up and start to drive away . just as the bus clear frame , we see manuel connect two wire together at the same moment the guy with the hose wash down the area around he foot . manuel light up like a Christmas tree , scream in pain . there be a beat , and then Robert fall into frame , still hold the cigarette lighter , and the car raul be drive enter the lot and smashes into the side of the garage . int . office build - day a sign on a office door say " concert ticket agency . " from inside we hear someone talking loudly on the phone . chulo , Rick and o'neill open the door and go inside . on the wall in the cramped office there be rock and ' roll concert poster advertising rock band like Men at work , the clash and Barry manilow . behind a cluttere desk we find a little man with a thin mustache and horn-rimmed glass . this be gary melnitz , wheeler - dealer , entrepreneur and coward . Gary yell a lot , which be a definite overcompensation for he size and inability to deal with the opposite sex . gary ( yell ; into phone ) screw you ... screw that ... do not jerk I around . you promise I 1500 seat for the Police concert ... 1500 , not fifteen !... screw that ... screw you -- screw sting . ( hang up and see the guy stand there ) hi , guy . rick Gary , you be quite a animal . gary screw you ... the phone ring . gary ( continue ; into phone ) hello , concert ticket ... what ? Pat benitar have a yeast infection ? she 's cancelling ? screw she . you know what this be gonna cost I ?... ( he hang up ) okay . let 's go . he get up and they start for the door . just then the phone ring . Gary pick it up . gary ( annoyed ) screw you ... that 's crap ... suck my ... ( softly ) oh , Mom , I do not know it be you ... egg and milk ... okay , I will not forget . he hang up the phone and they start for the door again . gary let 's go . rick be not he incredible , get along with everybody . chulo yeah , he 's really get he thing together . gary oh , eat I ! the guy all laugh and exit . int . harborside inn - day it 's a quiet restaurant near a marina . a lot of business - people in suit be eat . two male customer customer one call for a waiter . customer one waiter . the waiter approach they from out of frame . customer one we would like to order now . another angle we see they waiter , ryko , a blond , tan , muscular beach bum who have definitely stay out in the sun too long . ryko how you guy doin ' ... could you believe how overcast it be this morning ? bad day for sailin' , wave be too rough and ... customer ( annoyed ) you can skip the small craft warning . we be in a hurry . ryko no prob , bud ... here 's today 's dealie ... he hold up a blackboard with the day 's menu . ryko we get ... uh , veal ... ah ... veal ... ( to customer ) what 's this word ? customer one parmisan . ryko yeah right . I always want to say paramisian when I see that . we look at they under the jigamabob in biology once . Little squirmy , creepy thing that live in you intestine and ... customer please ... we have a appointment in a half hour ... ryko wow , sound stressful . what do you guy do for a live ? customer one we be lawyer . ryko whoa ... you get to go to school for that or what ? customer ( he 's have enough ) look , forget the special . we will take three hamburger . ryko okay , great ... any of you guy get a pencil by any chance ? one of the customer shrug and hand he a pen . ryko ( impressed ) all right , a bic ... how ' bout a piece of paper ? ryko 's customer look totally disgust as ryko 's short attention span be interrupt by something he see o.s . another angle Rick and the guy appear in the bar . rick ryko . come on ! they all disappear into the bar area . ryko be right there . ( to customer ) Nice rappin ' with you guy . unfortunately I be outta here . someone else will have to help you . ( call off ) skip ! the customer be pleased to get rid of ryko . skip enter . he 's a clone of ryko . skip like um ... what 's the deal , you guy gonna order ? the customer give each other a " here we go again " look angle - the guy they be laugh uproariously and carry on as ryko come over and sit down . ryko hi pal . the guy acknowledge he . gary okay ... we be all here . Rick , what 's the big announcement ? angle - rick rick all right , gentleman , I be not gonna sugar - coat this thing . I have know you guy since grade school , so I be gonna give it to you straight from the hip ... right from the shoulder ... without beat around the bush ... nothing fancy , just the plain , hard fact ... tell it like it be . chulo man , you be lose you audience . rick okay ... this be it ... I be get marry . o'neill what ? chulo you be kid . gary I do not believe it . ryko fuck I ! rick yes , gentleman . Saturday after next , I lose my amateur stand and turn pro . chulo hey , man , congratulation ! chulo get up and give Rick a big bear hug ... the other guy shake he hand . gary wait a minute . you be live with Debbie ! why do you want to get marry ? rick because I love she . what can I tell you ? ryko you sure ? this mean no more party . rick no more raping and pillaging , either . you will have to carry on without I . gary next Saturday ... that 's just two more week to live . o'neill hold it ... as long as you be gonna go through with this , the least we can do be make sure you go out in style . chulo ( warming to this ) yeah , man . let 's throw a bachelor party with drug , booze and broad . o'neill yeah . right . all the thing that make life worth live . rick sound swell ... I be really touch . and my get marry 's not gonna change a thing between I and my pal . we be still gonna go bowl on tuesday , play card on Fridays and wear woman 's clothes on Sunday night . I love you guy ... I always will . gary let 's have a toast . the guy all raise they glass . o'neill to Rick . gary to we . chulo to girl with big pair . all the guy yeah , right on , etc . as they down they drink , we : CUT to : ext . the jean machine - day we see a couple of very contemporary look 15 - year- old go into a very " now " clothing store -- like Fred segal 's ... when the door open , loud rock 'n roll music blast out . int . the jean machine - day Inside the store we see all the sale clerk groove narcissistically to the music like they be at a disco . the cashier , phoebe , have devote she life to follow the current trend and fad no matter how inane they may be . today she 's in a reggae mode , she hair wound into tight dreadlock , as she sway lose in the ozone to the music . a customer approach she with a purchase . customer I would like to pay for this . phoebe huh ... what ... oh sure , wait till this song be over . she float off again ... one of the young male customer approach a attractive salesgirl . this be debbie thomerson , Rick 's intend . she seem to be the only sane employee in the place because she 's actually work , put clothes on the rack . this impression of sanity fit she , as she be level -headed , and have a clear sense of herself . she can also take a joke , thus she engagement to Rick . customer Excuse I , where can I try on this pants ? debbie right over here . she lead the customer to the try-on booth . the customer enter one . we see that the saloon - style door of the booth have be hang too high , so as he take off he pants , he underwear be expose to the world . we pull back , revealing other people in other booth , they bare ass clearly in sight . no one in the store seem to care , however , as they be much too busy dance . the front door open and bobbie , a very sultry and earthy - look girl with long , dark hair , push inside . she be o'neill 's girl and Debbie 's best friend ... she 's also someone who would party every night if give half a chance . bobbie ( excited ) Debbie ... I do not believe it . I be so excited . debbie bobbie , what be you talk about ? bobbie o'neill just tole I . it 's sooo great ... I do not believe it . Phoebe cross to they . phoebe what 's happen ? bobbie Debbie 's marrying Rick . phoebe ... really ? debbie yes , it 's true . phoebe ohmygod . the girl screech and jump around , hugging each other in sheer joy . a male customer , move by this outpour of affection , move over and get in the middle of the girl , enjoy every moment of be hugge by three woman at once . debbie ( to customer ; realize ) would you get out of here . reluctantly the guy retreat back to the calvin klein jeans rack . bobbie do Cole know about this ? phoebe really -- you go with he for two year . debbie he still think I be go with he . I be go to break the news to he tomorrow . bobbie he 's not gonna be happy . and you parent can not be too thrilled either . debbie no . as far as they be concerned the only good Rick be a dead Rick . but I do not care ... it 's my decision . phoebe ( oblivious ) I be totally blow away . you be get marry . it seem like only yesterday I show you how to have oral sex . bobbie Deb , I want to throw you a shower . debbie oh , that 's really sweet . I would love that . phoebe we will invite all the girl . bobbie I do not believe it ... Mrs. Rick stahl . the girl all start to scream and carry on all over again . int . rick and debbie' apartment - night Rick be cooking dinner in the cramped combination kitchen / live room . he have about five dish go at once as he dash from stove to refrigerator . he grab some hamburger meat , roll it into a ball , then slap it on the counter . he then take a steam iron and press it on the patty . Debbie come in the front door and cross to he and hug he tightly , kissing he sweetly . debbie ( between kiss ) God , you be a slob . rick but a fabulous cook . debbie what be we have ? rick it 's either meatloaf , swiss steak or char flesh . I will not know till it 's finish . debbie ( look at the stove ) I think you dinner 's burn . Rick cross to the stove . a small fire be come out of one of the fry pan . he douse it with water . rick do not worry ... it 's suppose to do this . debbie ( set the table ) want to hear something great ? bobbie and Phoebe be throw I a shower . it 's really gonna be fun . rick not as much fun as the bachelor party the guy be throw for I . debbie you be go to have a bachelor party ? rick of course . I be a traditional guy ... it 's a traditional event . ( he bring all the food to the table ) well , what do you think ? debbie it look awful . rick yes , but look be deceive ... ( take a bite ) not in this case , however . debbie be you go to have woman at you party ? rick no , sweetheart , it 's a stag party . do stay home . debbie I be not talk about do . I be talk about hooker . rick oh , that . why do you ask ? debbie because from what I have hear , it 's a tradition and you be a traditional guy . Rick grab she ; start kissing she passionately on the neck . rick Deb , you be my woman now . I be yo man . no paint lady ever gonna come between we . deb I need you to promise . rick okay , you get it . I get a way we can seal the deal -- what would you say ? he grab she . they kiss and slide down onto the table , knock the dish to the floor . ext . bel AIR - type estate - day through the iron gate of a impressive - look estate come Debbie in she convertible vw rabbit . she pull up behind a new porsche 911 and a Jeep , all deck out with rifle , net and other hunt equipment . as she walk down the path toward the house , she see something off in the distance that startles she . debbie' Pov a large brown grizzly bear appear to be enter the side door of the house . angle - debbie debbie ( call o.s. ) Cole ?... Cole ! debbie' Pov the " bear " turn around . we see that the bear be , in fact , dead . it be be carry by a tall , handsome hunter . he wave to Debbie and indicate for she to follow he inside . int . cole's smokehouse - day Debbie open a rustic-look door and peer in . debbie Cole ? cole ( o.s. ) over here , Deb ... in the smokehouse . camera pan with Debbie as she enter the room . she pass several trophy , gun and stuff animal head hang from the wall . she make she way past some section of a undetermine animal 's anatomy hang from hook suspend from the ceiling . finally we see cole whittier , a Steve garvey look -alike ... rugge all - american , and heir to the whittier plastic wrap fortune . despite he jockish good look and outward arrogance , there 's something in he manner that be definitely unsavory . as Debbie approach he we see that he be butcher some unfortunate friend of the forest on the table in front of he . ( note : for the squeamish , all of this be do out of frame . the only thing we should hear be the delightful sound of taxidermy . ) cole hi , Deb . just get back from the mountain . ( as he cut in with a surgeon 's skill ) be not this a beauty ?... it 's gonna look great in the de . Debbie try she best not to look down at what he 's do . debbie Cole , we have get to talk . cole finally realize Rick 's a jerk , huh ? debbie no , Cole , I ... cole ( lift a organ of some sort o.s. ) it 's all right , I forgive you . I be not the vengeful type . we will forget what happen . why do not we take a trip together ? maybe kill a few lion in kenya over Christmas . debbie Cole , listen to I ... I have get to tell you ... cole you know , when you dumped I for that wimp , I think , Cole , she will be back . God want the two of you to be together , and sure enough ... debbie Cole , I be marrying Rick . cole ( confuse ) you be marrying he ? then why be you come back to I ? debbie I be not . I just think I should tell you myself before you hear it somewhere else . Cole stop what he be do for a beat and just stare at Debbie intensely . then he return to he work with a renew enthusiasm , chopping , slashing and slice . cole you know how that make I feel , Deb ? wanta know how that make I feel ? ( softly ) angry , deb. ( a little louder ) yess , that 's the word , angry . but if he make you happy , you go right ahead . I want you to be happy , deb. ( a little nut ) no matter what , no matter how angry it make I , no matter how much it hurt . be happy , Deb . be oh , so very , very happy . debbie Cole , I be sorry , I ... cole that 's all right , Deb . go be happy and smile a lot , Deb . do it for I . debbie ( uncomfortable ) I be go now , Cole . cole I understand , Deb . ' bye ... be happy . Debbie exit and we push in on Cole . something on he face say , " hi ! I be really out of my mind . " int . dr . stan stahles office - day dr . stan be Rick 's older brother and a proctologist . although he 's only in he early thirty , he think and act like someone in they early 70' . a little on the pompous side , Stan be never without he pipe . stan okay , Rick , hold out you arm . he cross to a sterile container and take out a syringe . rick you would not hurt you own brother , would you ? ( look at the needle cautiously ) I change my mind . I do not need a blood test . the marriage be off . I -- just then , Stan stick the needle in he arm . rick ( continue ) you always be sneaky , Stan , very sneaky . stan Rick , marriage will be good for you . it 's do wonder for I . rick true , you be a lot handsomer now . do not you have enough blood already ? stan ( without much conviction ) you will not miss a thing about be single ... the wild party , the different girl every night , run around like a maniac ... God , I miss that . rick Stan , you be depress I ... hey , I do not know you be go to fill 'er up . just take a couple of gallon , okay ? Stan remove the needle and hand Rick a cotton ball . rick ( continue ) that 's a even trade ... a cotton ball for all my blood . stan ( return to this world ) okay , Rick , all finish . I can not wait for that bachelor party ... I need the action . camera follows they as they go out into the hall . stan ( continue ) do not say anything to my wife about it . they pass a open examine room . Stan 's wife , tina , be also a doctor and be examine a old man . she 's not as tiny as she name suggest . in face , she 's more like over-size . rick hi , Tina . Rick move to hug she and he notice that Tina have she finger up the old guy 's ass . tina ( look up ) Rick ... ( to patient ) Mr. goldsmith , this be my brother - in - law . he 's get marry . patient ( without turn around ) congratulation . Tina turn to a nurse . tina nurse , will you take over ? the nurse shrug and stick she finger up the patient 's rear end as Tina hug Rick . tina ( continue ) I be so happy for you . Rick hug she , uneasily try to make sure she right hand do not come anywhere near he face . ext . debbie' parent ' house - backyard - day Debbie and Rick and she mom and dad be have a frustrating game of tennis behind she parent ' plush home . Mr. thomerson be a stockily - build guy in he fifty who pride himself on be tough and competitive . his wife love to shop . as far as she 's concerned , appearance be everything . neither of they like Rick 's appearance or anything else about they future son- in - law . Mr. thomerson slam the ball to Rick ; Rick slam the ball back and drive it over the fence , out of the court . rick oops ! mr. thomerson ( frustrated ) all right , who serve ? debbie you do , daddy . Mr. thomerson serve the ball to Debbie , who hit it over the net to she mother , who hit it to Rick , who slam it over the fence , out of the court . Mr. thomerson do not look pleased . mr. thomerson Rick , hit the ball easier , son . you do not have to kill it . rick can not I just maim it a little ? mrs . thomerson er ... perhaps we ought to stop now . mr. thomerson no. let 's at least finish the set . Rick start hum the " ABC Wide World of Sports " theme loudly . Mr. T. give he a disgust look and serve the ball . Rick smashes the ball and send it over the fence , out of the court . ext . the thomerson's neighbor ' backyard - day a middle - age couple be sit on some lawn furniture try to read the newspaper . a tennis ball come down from the sky and hit the guy squarely on the top of the head . pull out to reveal that they be surround by dozen of tennis ball . man one of this day I be gonna burn thomerson 's court to the ground . ext . the thomerson be - medium shot - day Rick and Mr. thomerson be have a heart to heart chat over some lemonade in front of the tennis court . rick well , I have to admit my game 's a little rusty , but I love polo . it 's unrelent , a constant challenge to the sense . really a beautiful experience . mr. thomerson Rick , I want to cut through the b.s. rick I would love that . mr. thomerson ( sit on he anger ) good . I think you be a asshole . no , let I correct that , a immature asshole . which be fine , except you be marrying my daughter and I be afraid my grandchild be go to be little asshole . rick Mr. thomerson , I ... mr. thomerson let I finish . Debbie 's a adult . she can do what she want . but if you want you marriage to last , you be go to have to change some thing about yourself . if I may make some suggestion ... rick feel free . mr. thomerson first , you be a slob . you have to dress for success . second , you outlook on life ... as Mr. thomerson drone on , Rick shift uncomfortably in he chair , focus he attention on Debbie , she mother and she older , cynical cousin , ilene , who be sit nearby on the rear patio . angle - debbie , mrs . thomerson and ilene mrs . thomerson I be use the same caterer for the shower I have for we Christmas party last year . debbie great , Mom . ilene if I be you , I would worry less about the shower and more about Rick 's bachelor party . debbie ilene , why would I want to do that ? I trust Rick . ilene of course you do . I trust my ex , mel , too . cousin , I can only talk from experience . what do you think they do at this party , have tea and play scrabble ? debbie ilene , Rick promise ... ilene Debbie , do not be naive . Men be pig . mrs . thomerson ( try to change the subject ) Girls , why do not we go inside for lunch . ( call to Mr. T ) boy , would you mind bring in that lemonade ? angle - mr. thomerson and rick mr. thomerson in a second ... ( to Rick ) and you be irresponsible . show some initiative , try to better yourself , stop show off , action speak louder than word . rick well , sir , that 's quite a list . but you be absolutely right . and if I work hard at it , I think I can be a totally change person by the time we finish lunch ... Mr. thomerson roll he eye , know he 's be waste he breath . he grab the pitcher of lemonade and Rick grab the tray , which be fill with fresh lemon . they get up at the same time and collide , send the lemonade all over Mr. T. , and the lemon bound over the fence . ext . thomerson's neighbor ' house the neighbor we see before be read he paper when a avalanche of lemon come fly at he , join the tennis ball on the lawn . neighbor I hate that people ... I really do . int . thomerson house - day the thomerson , Rick , Debbie and ilene be just finish lunch . the doorbell ring . Mr. thomerson get up to answer it . stand there be Cole , wear he tennis short . cole hi , everybody . be I late ? mr. thomerson not at all . we be just finish lunch . Cole cross to the table and kiss Mrs. T 's hand gallantly . cole good to see you , Mrs. thomerson . hello , Debbie . he turn to Rick . cole ( continue ) and ... rick bond ... James bond . Cole give he a quick look of contempt and exit with Mr. T. mr. thomerson ( o.s. ) so , Cole , you be practice you game ? cole ( o.s. ) sure have ... debbie why be Cole here ? mrs . thomerson you know you father enjoy he company . rick much the way Hitler enjoy hang out with mussolini . ext . thomerson tennis court - day Mr. T. and Cole be have a fast - pace game . mr. thomerson Nice shot . cole thank you , sir . mr. thomerson I know you be as unhappy as I be about Debbie 's marriage to Rick . cole yes , sir , I be . mr. thomerson Cole , I do not want you to give up on she . cole I have try to change she mind . mr. thomerson it 's not she mind you need to change . it 's disneyland head in there . cole but how can I do that ? mr. thomerson if it be I , I would reason with he first . then , if that fail ... ( with malice ) ... I would take more persuasive action . Mr. T. drill a wick forehand shot straight at Cole , who swing at it and miss . cole ( conspiratorily ) thanks for the advise , sir . mr. thomerson keep I inform . push in on Cole . this be a man with a plan ... ext . park on a bluff - day the bluff overlook the ocean . it 's a beautiful spot . just the right set for a outdoor wedding . some fold chair have be set up and a canvas canopy . gather for the rehearsal be Gary , ryko , chulo , o'neill who be with bobbie , Debbie 's mother and Mr. thomerson , Phoebe , ilene , Tina , Stan , a gray-haire priest . father falwell and , of course , Rick and Debbie . everyone be admire this picturesque set . everyone but Mr. thomerson . he 's very underjoyed at the sight of Rick and he friend . Mr. and Mrs. thomerson be stand with Father falwell . they be watch Rick hold Debbie . mr. thomerson the think of that person marrying my daughter make I want to upchuck . mrs . thomerson you can tell a man by he friend . father falwell they be not such a bad bunch . mr. thomerson no ? ( he point off ) that 's he best man pee on a tree . another angle in the b.g. we see o'neill 's back to US . he be definitely relieving himself on a weep willow . the wind begin to pick up . father falwell if everyone would take they position ... everyone take they place for the wedding procession . the wind now take this time to blow with much great force . as Father falwell open he Bible , the wind rip the page out of the Holy Book . they blow to the four corner of the Earth . father falwell ( continue ) oh , dear . well , let 's begin . and ... he hum the wedding March . chulo hum along . his hum be a drive jimi hendrix - like guitar lick that all but drown out Father 's hum . father falwell he 's orchestrate the proceedings . father falwell flower Girls ... now Rick ... ( he gesture for he to start down the aisle ) good ... Debbie and Mr. thomerson . as he gesture for they to make they walk to he , a gust of wind lift up Father 's cassock , expose he bare ass . he quickly grab he cassock and cover himself . rick he begin to walk toward the priest . suddenly , out of nowhere , Cole appear at he side . rick Cole . do not you know it 's bad luck to see the groom before the wedding ? cole I want Debbie . rick Cole ... cole you dump she and I will give you cash . rick what 's Debbie 's blue book value right now ? cole five thousand dollar . rick no. they be now stand near Father falwell . Debbie be approach they with Mr. thomerson . Mr. T. shoot Cole a signal to up the ante . cole seventy - five hundred . rick not interested . cole okay , ten thousand plus a g.e. toaster oven , a litton microwave , a cuisinart ... rick I be marrying Debbie . cole michelin tire ... brand new . a set of sear best metric tool ... rick ( to o'neill ) what be this person 's story here ? o'neill the way I see it , the big lug be in love and he 's get a lot of major appliance lie around . Debbie and Mr. T. have join Rick . debbie Cole , what be you do here ? mr. thomerson he 's just try to save you from make a mistake . ( to Rick ) a big mistake . rick thanks , dad. ( to Cole ) Cole , go away . cole he 's gonna hurt you , Debbie . he will never be true to you the way I would . rick thank you . we will all keep that in mind . ' bye now . Cole turn red with anger . cole ( piss ) Rick , I and you be not through yet . he run off . rick ( a la talk show host ) lady and gentleman , Cole whittier . let 's hear it for he -- a funny , funny guy . we love ya , babe . the wind suddenly pick up . a storm be come in off the sea . Father falwell 's cassock blow up again . it start to rain and hail . everyone run for cover but Rick and o'neill . rick ( to o'neill ) you think the god be tell I something ? int . rick and debbie' bedroom - night Rick be snuggle cozily on he side of the bed , fast asleep . Debbie be stare anxiously at the ceiling . after a couple of beat , she tug at Rick 's shoulder . rick ( drowsy ) huh ? wha ... debbie I can not sleep . rick oh ... I get something for that . he groggily reach into the nightstand , pull out a hammer . he raise it as if to hit Debbie over the head . debbie stop fool around ... I need to talk . rick what 's the matter ? debbie I do not know ... I just feel scared . rick ( he sit up ) about what ? debbie the wedding , my parent , you family , we friend , my job , the future , we relationship , the caterer , my gown , you tuxedo , we honeymoon , the apartment , my shower , you bachelor party ... rick I think the only think you have leave out be we relation with the Soviet Union . sweetheart , everything 's gonna be all right . debbie before or after I have my nervous breakfown ? rick c'mere . he start to gently rub she shoulder . she breathes deeply , try to let go . debbie that feel so great . rick good ... debbie um ... that 's very relax . rick now , I want you to lie down and drift off to slumberland . he slowly lower she to she pillow and tuck the cover in around she . rick ( continue ) Close you eye ... that 's it ... there 's nothing to worry about ... I love you ... I be a great guy ... ( yawn ) in two day you be gonna be Mrs. great guy . he yawn again and turn off the light on the night table . there be a beat of silence in the dark . we push in on they face , which be faintly illuminate by a street light outside the open window . both of they have they eye wide open as they stare at the ceiling in fearful anticipation of the next day . int . airport - day the guy ( except Gary ) be walk through the busy airport . ryko you sure Gary 's get this whole party deal together ? chulo yeah , man , he 's get we a great room at the hotel and lot of chick . ryko I hope so . hundre buck apiece be a lot of dinero . chulo what time be we suppose to get to the hotel ? o'neill do not worry , chulo , the party 's not gonna start without you . we get plenty of time . stan I can not wait to see old Larry ... it 's be five year . rick at least . angle - the exit ramp people be stream out of the plane . finally the last person exit . o'neill where the hell be he ? rick know Larry , he probably miss the flight . stan there he be ... hey , Larry ! larry ( talk very slowly ) guy ... guy ... guy ... rick ' lude ... ' lude ... ' lude . Larry float toward they and stop in front of they . he stare at they strangely , look from face to face . larry God , I love you guy . to the guy ' surprise , he go around hugging each one of they . larry ( continue ) this make I so happy . they start walk toward the baggage claim area . o'neill so , Larry , how have you be ? larry just in love with everybody . it 's really a beautiful planet . I love you , Rick . I love you guy . I love everybody . rick so how 's you wife ? Larry stop walk and immediately break down . larry I hate she . I hate she gut , the bitch . o'neill Larry , you and you wife get problem ? larry I do not want to talk about it . I love you guy . I love my friend . Larry reach into he pocket , take out a quaalude . larry ( continue ) you want to share it ? rick naw , two on a quaalude ... bad luck . larry right . he pop it in he mouth . ext . terminal the guy exit the baggage Area . Rick be push Larry who be sprawle out on top of he bag in a luggage cart . larry my marriage be the worst . all crap . a big pile of shit . rick maybe you marriage should lay off grain for a while . larry she hate I . it 's over . you will see , as soon as you get marry , everything change . you sure you want to go through with it , man ? rick ( he interest peak ) what do you mean , it change ? before Larry can answer they reach the bus where Debbie be wait for they . debbie ( hugging Larry ) Larry , how be you ? larry hi , Debbie , congratulation . hey , do you know where there 's a pharmacy around here so I can get a prescription fill ? rick come on , get he on the bus . as a couple of the guy pick Larry up and carry he into the bus we CUT to : int . bus - dusk Rick be drive the bus with Debbie sit next to he in the driver 's seat . the guy sit in the row of seat behind they . rick well ... twenty - four more hour to go and tonight we will share with we friend and love one the joy of that last moment of singleness . debbie you better not have too much joy . rick would not think of it . because tomorrow ... ( start sing ) we be go to the chapel and we be ... debbie ( sing ) gonna get marry ... angle - the guy they start to join in the song in a little less than perfect harmony . everybody go to the chapel and we be gonna get marry . debbie gee , I really love you ... rick and we be gonna get mar -a-a-ry . everybody ( whooping it up ) go to the chapel of love . rick yeah , yeah , oh , yeah . ext . bus the bus zoom down the street . everybody ( v.o. ) go to the chapel of love . ext . thomerson be - dusk Rick 's bus come up to the driveway in front of the house and stop . int . rick be bus - dusk rick this be it , lady . last stop . debbie can not I just go with you guy ? rick sorry , we get man 's business to do . it 's no place for a lady . he open the door , pick Debbie up and carry she out to the sidewalk . debbie remember , you promise ... no screwing around . rick do I promise that ? I do not remember that ... debbie you be really pissing I off . she grab Rick and wrap she arm around he in a playful headlock . rick okay , I promise ... I swear on my mother 's grave . debbie you mother 's not dead . rick well , if I go back on my word , I will kill she . Debbie let go of he neck . debbie have a good time . do not make it too late . rick anything you say , mar 'am . have a fun shower . use soap . debbie I love you . they kiss , and the guy whistle in the background . then Debbie start toward the house and Rick hop back into the bus . he get into the seat and sit there for a moment , watch Debbie with a guilty look as she go into the house . o'neill ( to Rick ) what 's the matter ? rick ( snap out of it ) nothing ... let 's get crazy ! ryko all right ! chulo when do the girl get to the party ? o'neill do not worry , Gary 's take care of that now . the guy holler and whoop it up as Rick put the bus in gear and take off down the street . dissolve to : int . grimy STREET corner - evening jumbo , a well - dress behemoth in a sky blue suit and widebrimmed hat , be stand on a street corner talk to Gary . gary so we want you best girl , the cream of you crop . jumbo let 's see you bread . Gary take out a roll of bill , which jumbo grab and quickly count . jumbo ( continue ) okay , I get just what you be look for . ( call off ) margot ... darlene ... two shapely hookers in tight - fitting clothes come up to they . gary they will do just fine . hiya , girl . look , after the orgy , maybe we could have coffee . the girl look at he with " be he for real ? " in they eye . jumbo Shorty , where 's the party ? Gary take some slip of paper out of he pocket and hand jumbo one . gary Park View Hotel , room 1002 . jumbo they will be up there in a half hour . gary okay . Nice to meet you both . Gary turn , almost collide with a garbage can , and start walk down the street . he pass a park porsche . after a beat , Cole whittier stick he head up and watch Gary walk off . then he hop out of he car and approach jumbo and the girl . cole hi . I must have just miss my friend . he hire you for a bachelor party . jumbo at the Park View Hotel , room 1002 . what about it . Cole 's face light up . this be the information he need . cole yeah . right. ( take out piece of paper ) this be the new address . we change we mind and decide to send the girl over to he house instead . he take out a fifty - dollar bill . cole ( continue ) and here 's a fifty ... I want this to be a surprise , so you never see I , okay ? jumbo ( pockete the money ) no problem . Cole smile happily as he slither back to he car . cole ( to himself ) now she will see what kind of jackoff he be . angle - HOTEL a parking valet cross to the bus as Rick hand he the key . rick be careful with it . it 's a rental . the guy hop out with the enthusiasm of a home team that 's just win the state championship . they race in the front door . a banner over the door read : " welcome miss moosehead Beer pageant . " int . HOTEL lobby - night this be a pretty plush place . the kind of hotel that pride itself on its classy image . the guy be totally unaware of the sedate atmosphere in the lobby as they go scream toward the elevator . o'neill ( to some dignify guest ) we who be about to go ape shit salute you . ryko all right , I be stoke ! just as they be about to get into the elevator , a hand come into frame and hold the door so it will not close . widen to include the manager . all they carry - on stop when the guy see he stare grimly at they . if he be not a hotel manager , he would be a mortician . he have a constant expression on he face that suggest he 's constantly suck lemon . manager just where do you guy think you be ? o'neill the Library of Congress ? chulo Detroit ? larry Beyond the sun ? rick be any of that right ? manager this be the Park View Hotel . I be the Hotel manager . be you look for someone ? rick yes , you . we be look for we room ... 1002 . Rick take out he key . manager it 's on the tenth floor . rick what do you know , they move it . catch you later . the door start to close and the guy start yell . manager keep you voice down . this be a respectable establishment . we do not go for any funny business here . just then a guy with a moosehead beer hat and two guy in a moose costume pass he and enter the elevator with the boy . rick I see what you mean ... you be a beautiful guy . and you be do a damn good job . the door slam shut before the manager can say anything else . int . the thomerson be - night several of Debbie 's friend have arrive and be chat amiably in the live room . Phoebe be dip potato chip into a bowl that say " muffy " on it . phoebe do you have any more of this dip , Mrs. thomerson ? it 's really excellent . mrs . thomerson you just eat purina cat Chow . phoebe Gross I out ... Debbie come into the live room and sit next to bobbie . debbie ( concerned ) what do you think 's gonna go on at the guy ' party ? bobbie they will probably get drunk , and watch dirty movie . but do not worry about the dirty movie . debbie what do you mean ? bobbie I forget to tell you . yesterday I find a bunch of porno in the back seat of o'neill 's car . debbie you be kid . bobbie Nah . everything 's cool ... I take care of them . ( start to giggle ) ext . HOTEL hallway - night Rick , ryko , o'neill , chulo , Larry and Stan be walk down the hallway , look for they room . o'neill 1004 , 1003 ... ( spot the room ) aha ! 1002 . the guy give out a hearty cheer as they huddle around the door . o' neill grab the doorknob . he take he time , play up the moment . o'neill ( continue ) and now ... the guy lean forward , anticipate the open of the gate of heaven . o'neill ( continue ) ...to we honore guest Rick , and he life - long friend , I say ... ( turn the doorknob ) ... gentleman , start you boner . he fling open the door and everyone but he and Rick burst into the room . int . HOTEL suite - night the guy all but dive into the room . it be a two - room suite with live room / kitcheonette and separate bedroom . the room have be decorate with balloon . a sign read : " happy bachelor Party ! " it look far from professionally decorate . chulo frantically check out the room . ryko bitchin ' place . he hang a chin - up bar in a doorway and start to chin himself . o'neill I do the balloon myself . he take a prophylactic out of a trojan carton . he blow it up . on closer examination , we see all the balloon be inflate prophylactics . another angle chulo return from he search of the room . chulo ( craze ) where 's the woman , man ? we gotta have woman . o'neill chulo , one thing at a time . chulo sex be my one thing . I be good at it . stan what 's first ? o'neill a bit of a warm -up . he thread a film projector . o'neill ( continue ) we will spend a hour with " nymphos without pant " ... rick olivier 's in that , right ? o'neill then it 's on to the real thing . guy ( cheer ) all right ! ryko flip off the light as o'neill put the projector into forward and the title flash on a movie screen . all the guy yell in anticipation . home movie screen we see a man step out of a shower . he put on he robe and exit the bathroom . to he surprise and to the delight of we guy , two young , beautiful Nordic look woman , dress in micro-minis and see-through blouse stand wait for he . chulo ( o.s. ) they be danish , I know it . I be crazy for dane . ryko and chulo sit watch the screen . ryko ( to chulo ) Denmark make great nautilus equipment . chulo I would like to jerk and press that baby . rick and o'neill rick ( to o'neill ) and I think we would not have any meaningful conversation . on screen the man take off he robe . the girl start to seductively undress . guy ( o.s. ) ( excitedly ) all right , yeah , yeah , yeah ... suddenly a abrupt jump cut . the girl be undress and lie on top of the man . we guy be seriously let down . guy everyone ( disappointed ) awwww ... o'neill he can not figure it out . on the screen as the woman kiss the man from he head slowly down he chest , past he navel and head south ... guy they eye start to widen like a child in a keene painting . guy yes , go , go , yes , go ... on the screen another abrupt jump cut splice together with what look like a band - aid , and the girl be sit on the side of the bed . the man be recover from the best sex he 's ever encounter . guy guy ( disappointed ) awwwwww ... Rick turn to a shocked o'neill . rick Excuse I , but this be as arouse as a stroll through the vatican . o'neill this be not right . guy ' Pov they watch the screen . the two woman seem to be take a like to each other . they begin to fall onto the bed and entwine . guy please , yes , do it , yes , yes , oh yes ... a jump cut and they be dress . Stan can not take it anymore . he jump to he foot . stan where be the dirty part ? I be a doctor . I can see this thing . chulo what a waste of two woman . o' neill rise abruptly . o'neill I do not get it , but at least Gary 's get the real stuff come up here in a few minute . chulo ( in ecstasy ) woman ! everyone cheer . int . thomerson house the girl be have a great time . the front doorbell ring . Mrs. thomerson answer it . stand in the doorway be Tina stahl , Stan 's wife ; she 's late for the shower . behind she be two obvious hooker : margot and darlene . Tina do not know either of the girl . mrs . thomerson yes ? before Tina can speak , margot speak up . she 's read from the piece of paper Cole give she . margot ( through heavy gum chew ) yeah , hi. look , be this ... insert - piece of paper margot read the address . margot ( o.s. ) 838 North franek Avenue ? back to scene mrs . thomerson yes . margot we be here . mrs . thomerson how nice . tina I be Tina stahl . mrs . thomerson of course . Stan 's wife ... everyone come in . reverse angle - the STREET Cole sit in he car and watch happily as the hooker go inside . int . thomerson's live room Debbie spot Tina . she be oblivious to the two hooker . debbie Tina ! they give each other a big hug . the hooker watch closely . Debbie lead Tina to the other woman . debbie ( continue ) you know everyone here , do not you ? tina yes . the girl hug and give big hellos . meanwhile , margot and darlene have come to the conclusion they have be hire for a kinky scene . margot one of this , huh ? darlene look that way . margot Buck 's a buck . they start to unbutton they coat . Tina hand Debbie she present . debbie it 's so heavy . she sit and the girl gather around as she start to open the gift . Phoebe happen to look off and be stunne by what she see . the other be curious at what she be look at and they too stare o.s. , stunne to silence . margot and darlene dress in leather and mesh stocking . margot carry a whip . darlene be hold a phallic electrical device . darlene ( business - like ) be there a empty outlet in here ? Debbie unconsciously point to a nearby wall . margot and darlene stand amidst the girl . darlene plug in she device . she and margot start to embrace and fondle one another . the girl watch in stony silence . dumbfound at what they see . margot and darlene start to sink to the floor , out of our sight . before they disappear , we see margot take out she gum and park it on a end table . now out of sight , the girl watch for a beat . then we hear the whirring of darlene 's implement . we girl screech in horror and hold onto one another in a protective clump . int . HOTEL suite the guy be sit around drink , eat and look generally bored . chulo sit in front of the tv , glumly watch a old " I Love Lucy " re-run . chulo if I be ricky ricardo I would beat the shit out of that chick . larry ( totally rip , stare at the black and white image ) wow ! the color be sooo beautiful . chulo give he a strange look . ryko ( open a beer , read the label ) be not there any beer that 's not import ? all this stuff 's from St. Louis . rick ( call to imaginary person o.s. ) bartender , round of brain for my friend here . Gary enter the room . he 's all smile . confident he 's do a great job arrange for the entertainment . gary how 's it go , guy ? everyone crowd around he like child greeting daddy . look for candy hide in he coat . everyone where 's the girl ? where 's the girl ? Rick push they away from Gary like a referee separate two fighter . rick give the guy air . everyone to a neutral corner . gary what 's go on ? chulo nothing . we get no woman . gary screw you . rick it 's true . gary this place should have be wall to wall tit by now . rick ( to o'neill ) guy paint a beautiful picture . gary I be go to see what the hell happen . rick look like the only one who get screw here be you . gary screw that . he exit out the door . o'neill so , what do you guy think of the party so far ? the guy toss sandwich and empty beer can at he . rick ( put he arm around o'neill ) well , I think you have do a damn fine job . everyone pelt Rick and o'neill with more junk . suddenly the door burst open . the guy look up and be surprised to see Cole enter . cole Rick , I want to talk to you . rick ah , cole. ( turn to the other ) I do not remember order a asshole from room service . Cole enter , close the door behind he . cole I do not want any trouble . rick oh , come on , just a little . cole I be ready to make you another deal . rick ( mock excitement ) ooh , be still , my heart . cole ( point out window ) see that down there ? that 's my most prize possession . my new porsche . rick's Pov Cole 's porsche park in the hotel parking lot . rick ( o.s. ) very nice ... back to scene Rick gesture to chulo to look out the window . rick ( he voice tell we he have something in mind ) be not that a great car , chulo ? chulo get Rick 's drift . chulo yeah ... real nice . ah , excuse I . I will be right back . he start to exit . before he do , he grab a hanger out of the closet . cole great car . rick the best . cole I love that car . rick I be very happy for you two . they back away from the window . cole I will trade you my porsche for Debbie . a even swap . rick ( surprised ) the car for Debbie ? cole ( get a little excitable ) I mean it . the car be yours . dump Debbie . rick gee , guy , what should I do ? the car or Debbie ? all the guy treat this as if it 's " let 's make a deal " . they take side , yell out , " take the car , " " keep Debbie . " over the din we hear a befuddle Rick . rick ( continue ) what a decision here . he walk over to the window . Cole follow closely . he 's try to convince Rick to take the car . cole low mileage ... handles like a dream . rick so do Debbie . ext . HOTEL parking lot - night chulo be use the hanger to jimmy the car lock on Cole 's porsche . he 's successful . he jump into the car and drive off . int . HOTEL suite Rick and Cole be at the window . the guy be still try to convince Rick on he decision . cole I get the car only two month ago -- it 's get -- as he look out the window we see with he that he car be go . cole ( continue ) shit , shit , shit , shit . my car 's go ! rick maybe it have something to do . cole shit ! he charge out of the room . o'neill odd . he 's only be go a few second and I already miss he . ext . STREET corner - night Gary spot jumbo on the same grimy street corner . he 's pimping for one of he lady and make a sale to a anxious young Marine as Gary approach he . gary jumbo , where the hell be the woman ? jumbo what be you talk about , asshole ? gary you whore never show up . jumbo they leave a hour ago , pink nut . gary screw you ! jumbo have have enough . he back Gary against a wall and pull a knife on he . jumbo ( irritate ; a lot ) that 's it , prick lip . gary what be you ... jumbo I have have it , numb nut ... how much money you get ? gary why ? jumbo because I be piss off . now give I you cash . Gary hurriedly dig into he pocket and give jumbo he money . gary this be bad public relation . I be plan to do a lot of business with you . but now I be go to have to go elsewhere . jumbo ( mock sincerity ) hey . I be sorry . you want girl . I will give you girl . he snap he finger and two of he lady come forward . jumbo ( continue ; to girl ) give he the work . gary that 's more like it . the girl walk over to Gary and proceed to beat the crap out of he . ext . chippendale be - night it be a garish nightclub . a large light billboard proclaim " all male ... all nude . " two car pull into the parking lot . Debbie and all of she shower guest get out . debbie be you sure this be a good idea ? ilene look , you hear what that hooker say . they be suppose to go to a bachelor party . debbie that do not mean it be Rick 's party . ilene Debbie , man be pig -- if they can have woman , we can have man . bobbie ( agree ) yeah . mrs . thomerson ( reluctantly ) I do not know about this . debbie c'mon , mother , it will be fun . the girl giggle as they enter the place , with Mrs. thomerson follow reluctantly behind . int . chippendale be - night phoebe look at that guy . what a hunk . bobbie check out the other guy 's bun . tina let 's sit over here . they head for some empty table . Debbie notice she mother be still stand transfix by the man on display on stage . Debbie grab she by the shoulder . debbie c'mon , Mom . on the way to the table they pass michael , the bartender , who look at they and immediately recognize Debbie . find this interesting , he pick up a phone and dial . michael ( softly ; into phone ) yes ... be there a Rick stahl register there ? int . HOTEL suite Gary , beat up , he clothes rip , stand amidst the guy . rick hooker beat you up ? gary yes . rick I do not know you be into that . chulo how could you be so stupid . I be gonna kill you . gary go ahead , but if you want woman , we need more money . ryko this just be not righteous . gary ( angere ) screw you ... do I a favor , join this decade , will ya , pal ! rick ( as if he 's work a fundraiser ) hey , now , we buddy need help . come on , dig into that pocket . help this man . ( put he arm around Gary ) help this person help other get laid . give till it hurt . he need you . the guy take out money . Larry stand and dig into he pocket for he wallet . along with the wallet come dozen of pill . the phone ring . rick and there 's we first pledge come in -- Rick pick up the receiver . rick ( continue ) hello . end horniness telethon . yeah . Michael ... how you do ? int . chippendale be - michael he 's stand behind the bar . michael I be work ... right. at chippendale 's . guess what . Debbie and she friend just walk in . int . HOTEL suite rick ( surprised ) really ? that 's very interesting . ( he brighten ) I will tell you what ... stay there and we will be right down . I want to check this out . he hang up the phone . Gary , meantime , have collect he money . gary I will be back with woman . stan I might as well have leave my genitals at home , the good they be do I here . chulo ( call after Gary ) hurry back . Gary exit . rick ( it 's obvious he have something in mind ) while we be wait for gar , why do not we all go for a little fresh air . ryko where we go ? rick out . the guy start toward the door . larry ( zonk and depressed ) guy , I think I would rather stay here . rick c'mon , Larry . be good for you . larry I just want to be alone . rick all right . now , there 's milk and cookie in the refrigerator . go to bed right after " falcon crest . " as Larry slump on the couch , the guy exit . ext . HOTEL Rick and the guy exit the hotel . as they exit , Mr. thomerson enter . both party be oblivious to the other 's presence . int . HOTEL Mr. thomerson be greet by a moosehead beer executive who be wear a straw hat that say " moosehead beer . " executive Ed , we be so glad you could come over at the last minute and judge we little beauty pageant . mr. thomerson my pleasure , Al ... always happy to help out in a pinch ... ( look around ) Excuse I . I better call my service ... tell they where I be . he enter a phone booth and start to dial . mr. thomerson ( to executive , cover mouthpiece ) I have to get out of the house anyway tonight . the wife be throw a bridal shower for my daughter . ( into phone ) this be Ed thomerson . please transfer my call to ... ( read number off phone ) 220-1892 . right . he cross with executive toward the ballroom . executive congratulation on you daughter 's wedding . who 's she marrying ? mr. thomerson a real turd . executive ( at a loss for word ) well ... hope she will be very happy . they exit into ballroom . int . chippendale's kitchen - night amidst the kitchen activity we see Rick , o'neill , ryko , Stan , and Michael . rick so will you friend Nick do it ? michael he will do anything for money . rick I love he attitude . ( call off ) they still out there ? stan he 's peek through the kitchen door . we see Debbie and the shower girl whooping it up at a ringside table . Stan turn back to Rick . stan breathe heavy at ringside . he join the other guy . rick ( a la Long John Silver ) so , they want action , eh ? be you with I , I hardy ? the guy shout approval as nick , one of the male dancer , enter carry a tray of food . Nick be a muscle hunk . michael guy , this be chippendale 's star attraction , Nicholas Carter ... better know as Nick the Dick . ryko Nick the what ? Nick drop he pants . since he 's be shot only from the waist up , we can not see what the guy see . nick ( proudly ) the Dick . all our guy ( astonished at this o.s. sight ) Jesus Christ ! rick let 's get this thing go . tray , please . Nick hold the tray waist high . Rick arrange the food . rick ( continue ) look good . can I have the bun , Michael ? Michael hand Rick a hot dog bun . Rick place it on the tray . he turn to Nick . rick ( continue ) and now , Nick ... or be it Mr. Dick ? nick Nick . rick Nick , if you would be so kind ... nick he hold the tray with one hand . with the other he reach out of frame . in a nutshell , what he do be place he honker in the hot dog bun . as he slap he business into the bun , we hear a solid thump . rick Nick , the rest be all yours . nick ( excuse himself ) gentlemen . he exit . as he do , we guy crowd around and peek through the kitchen door . nick we follow he as he approach the girl ' table . nick if you lady would like to serve yourselves ... the girl grab they order . Mrs. T. be last . hers be the hot dog . she point to it . mrs . thomerson be this the foot long ? nick and then some . Mrs. T. grab the hot dog . it will not come off the tray . she yank harder . Nick drop the tray and Mrs. T. finally come to realize what she be pull on . she scream in terror . because of sheer fright , she can not seem to drop Nick 's schlong from she grip . the rest of we lady look to see Mrs. T. 's hot dog . they scream in shock . Debbie spit out she marguerita , hit Phoebe in the face . our guy they be busting a gut watch the girl ' reaction . ilene she look up just in time to see the guy close the kitchen door . mrs . T still freeze in a state of shock . the girl try to pry she hand off . ext . STREET corner several hookers be stand around . Gary approach they . gary lady ... come here . hooker talk to the pimp . she gesture to a man with he back to US . gary let 's talk . the pimp turn around and we see he be the stereotypical pimp . one big difference : he 's a indian straight from the street of Calcutta . he 's soft -spoken and ever smile and he still have not quite master English . rajah ( oh-so-heavy indian accent ) what can I be do for you ? gary you be a pimp ? rajah I be tell you I be , Joe . gary I want woman . rajah that I get . very good woman . they sit on you face , anything you want . gary I will take some . rajah Big problem now . soon they go to customer . gary I need they for a bachelor party at the Park View Hotel . rajah you be be in luck . customer in same hotel . I let you have they at cut - rate price for 45 minute . gary sold. 45 minute . no problem . rajah not one minute longer or milt will come for you . gary milt ? another angle milt join they . milt be a massive hulk . a bearded exbiker . he could have come out of a mx silo . a menace mountain of a man deck out in a cowboy hat . rajah this be milt . milt casually take off he hat and immediately stick he face through a nearby window , smash it to piece . he pull he head out , smile and put he hat back on . rajah ( continue ) Girls back in 45 minute or milt cut you ball off . Fair enough ? shake ! Gary extend he hand and they shake . gary ( to himself as he walk to he car ) I just bet my ball and shook on it . ext . HOTEL - night the guy be pile back out of the bus into the hotel . the manager watch they suspiciously . int . HOTEL suite Rick , o'neill , ryko and Stan come back into the room . rick ( concerned ; call o.s. ) Larry ! yo , Larry . Rick cross to the bathroom door , open it and go in . rick's Pov Larry be on he knee on the side of the tub with he head submerge fully under several inch of water . rick ( continue ) what be you do ? Larry come out of the water . he gasp for breath and speak . larry I be kill myself . he take a deep breath and submerges he head again . Rick unplug the tub and it begin to drain . rick Larry ... you have get to lighten up . you and the wife can work it out . the water have drain from the tub , leave Larry high and dry . he lift he head out of the tub . in he state , he 's unaware that the water be go . he gasp for air as Rick hold he up . rick lar ... sometimes when people be mad they say thing they do not mean . larry no , she hate I ... I want to end everything here ... now . Larry take a deep breath and plunge he head into the tub . his head hit the waterless tub bottom with a loud thud . he go limp from the concussion . his body drape into the tub , head first . rick you okay ? larry yeah , I guess so . rick really ? larry yeah . I see you be right . c'mon , let 's party . Larry get up and exit the room . push in on Rick . he look after Larry , concerned . rick ( to himself ) he be not all right . angle - the lobby Cole sit in a phone booth hold the receiver impatiently . angle widen to reveal the adjoining phone booth the receiver be off the hook . after a beat , Mr. T. cross to the phone . Cole do not see he , and vice versa . mr. T hello ? cole Mr. thomerson . mr . T yes , son , do you find out where the bachelor party be ? cole yes I do . mr. T Fine . how 's everything go ? cole not so good . he would not listen to reason . he steal my car ... my porsche ... I can not find it anywhere ... mr. thomerson so , he 's play hard ball . well , two can play that game . ( yell ) go after he . stop at nothing . you hear I ? cole what ? I be sorry , sir , I can not hear you . look over into the next booth , he see thomerson 's back . cole ( continue ) some fat slob in the next booth be make a lot of noise . mr. thomerson well , tell the asshole to shut up . cole right. ( call off ) hey , shut up . okay , sir . mr. thomerson sorry , I can not hear you . some pin head 's yell ... ( yell o.s. ) shut up , I be talk here . ( into phone ) now look , I want you to go back and I do not care what you do . stop that marriage . he slam the phone down and exit screen right . Cole start to exit leave when he spot chulo get into the elevator . chulo hey , man , you car 's look good . cole ( craze ) where be it ? chulo out front . the elevator door slam shut . Cole race out into the street . ext . HOTEL Cole come burst out into the street . we can tell by he shocked expression he do not like what he see . cole shit , shit , shit , shit , shit . camera pan as he charge to he porsche . his pride and joy have now , thanks to chulo , be customize into a chicano special . it 's chop and channel ; dingleberry rim the back window , flame have be paint on the rear fender ; a chain steering wheel , fuzzy dashboard , dice hang from the mirror . a real East L.A. beauty . angle - cole he 's snap -- totally flip . he turn and yell up to the hotel : cole ( scream ) Rick ... Rick ... goddamn it . int . HOTEL suite - angle - rick he 's stand near the window . rick gee . I think that 's for I . he look out the window and see Cole stand next to he transformed porsche . cole Rick ... Debbie be mine . she will always be . rick ( yell back ) Cole , when be the last time you have a lobotomy ? cole ( furious ) you have have it . I be gonna get you . angle - the STREET Cole hop in he car and drive off , blow he horn at oncoming traffic . the horn plays " LA cucuracha . " Cole slam he fist on the steering wheel in disgust . int . HOTEL suite rick ( to guy ) do not you love it when old friend stop by ? o'neill ( to Rick ) hey , I be starve ... let 's go get something to eat . we will bring back food for everybody . rick I be not really hungry . o'neill c'mon . I insist . he grab Rick by the arm and lead he out of the room . int . HOTEL restaurant Rick be finish give the food order to a waiter . in the b.g. we see o'neill talk to a bellhop . the bellhop be point to a table . o' neill thanks he and slip he some money . rick ... couple more on rye . lot of fries ... and a burger and diet soda . waiter acknowledge he 's get it and exit . o' neill join Rick . o'neill let 's sit down . o'neill lead Rick to the table the bellhop point out . they sit down . immediately o'neill take some cash from he pocket and hold it under the table . angle under the table huddle underneath the table , hide by the tablecloth , be a hooker . her specialty be come right up . she grab the bill from o'neill 's hand . she tuck the money in she cleavage and turn she talent to Rick . she unzip he fly . rick he react to the zip SOUND . rick what the hell be that ? o'neill my gift to you . rick under the table ! o'neill the best table in the house . the hooker have begin to do what she do best . and Rick love it . rick ... I think we can skip the wine list . oh , gee ... father falwell enter the restaurant . he spot Rick and o'neill and cross to they . father falwell boy , good evening to you . Rick try to maintain he dignity . but from under the table a blue ribbon job be be apply to he fun zone . o'neill Father falwell , good evening . falwell shake Rick 's hand . Rick hang on for dear life . pump the hand up and down at a faster and faster rate . rick Father ... oh , yes ... yes ... yesssss ... oh , yesssssss ! falwell pries he hand loose . father falwell so , Rick , soon you will be a marry man . how do it feel ? rick innnnnn-credible ! father falwell well , nice see you both . Rick 's excitement heighten as the hooker pull out all stop . rick ooooooooh , Jesus , oh God , God , God , God , oh Jesus , jeeeesussss ... Father falwell look on rather perplex . Rick see falwell 's puzzle look . rick ( continue ) I be just say grace . father falwell how nice . o'neill you do ? before Rick can speak we hear a voice from under the table . hooker ( o.s. ) not yet . Rick 's hand exit frame and zip up he pants . then Rick and o'neill get up . rick Father , would you like to take we table ? o' neill can not believe what Rick be about to do . father falwell yes . thank you . he sit in Rick 's spot . Rick lean on the table to say he final farewell to the priest . he take this moment to get some money out of he pocket and hold it under the table . under the table the hooker grab the money . back to scene rick I think you will enjoy this table . o'neill so long , Father . he and Rick , suppress a laugh , exit . Father falwell pick up the menu . we hear the zip SOUND . Father perk up . he do not know what the hell be happen . o' neill turn to Rick as they be leave the coffee shop . o'neill I do not get it . why do not you go for it just now ? rick I do not know . maybe it 's because I love Debbie or maybe it 's hard for I to get off in a place that smell like egg salad . I be not sure . int . HOTEL suite Rick and o'neill enter the suite . no one be there . rick where the hell be everybody ? everyone jump out from they hide place . with we guy be Gary and he team of five prostitute . gary surprise ! ( gesture to the girl ) the team bus just pull in . stan hooker . it 's a party ! rick all right ! one of we hooker , kelley , get everyone 's attention . kelley who 's first , guy ? everyone act as if they be in grade school . they raise they hand ; they come on like kid try to get the teacher 's attention . guy oh , I ... I ... I ! o'neill wait . the guest of honor should be first . rick Nah , that 's okay . my brother have to look up old people 's ass all day long . let 's give he a break . stan right . give I the will to live . let I go first . o'neill a move plea . okay , Doc , you lead off . I will screw clean up . everyone cheer Stan 's good fortune . Kelley take Stan by the hand and lead he into the bedroom . Gary turn on a record and everyone start dance . Larry be lay out drug on a table . they consist of line of coke and various happy time pill of all color and shape . Rick take a look at the layout . rick how thoughtful . a drug smorgasbord . another angle chulo enter . he see the party have take off . chulo I have return ! he spot a sweet - face young hooker , laverne . she be prancing around in she bra and underwear . chulo want she . chulo ( continue ; point to she ) you ! mine ! laverne be frighten of chulo . mainly because he 's come at she like a sex-starve buffalo . chulo go after she . scare , she run around the room , then out the door . chulo give chase . rick ( to o'neill ) chulo 's get such a nice , light touch with woman . int . HOTEL corridor laverne run down the hall , closely pursue by chulo . a all - female new wave band come to the door . o' neill greet they . o'neill terrific . you make it ... you can set up over there ... as they enter we go to -- int . corridor chulo be on the heel of laverne . she burst through a door to excape he . int . stage laverne find herself on the stage of a beauty pageant , still in she bra and panty . five other lady be dress in they bathing suit . chulo stop short of run on stage . laverne , seek the safety of the moment , stand in line with the contestant . angle on mr. thomerson and other judge they like what they see . mr. thomerson ( to another ) great bathing suit . executive ( indicate laverne ) I think I screw that one once . int . thomerson's bedroom - night Debbie and the shower guest be all in a state of undress . we watch as they put on dress and heavy makeup . Mrs. thomerson be still freak out over she meeting with Nick the Dick . mrs . thomerson I have he weiner right in my hand . ilene I tell you . Men be pig ... I see they stand there . phoebe what a gross thing to do ... gawd ! ilene I bet right now Rick and he pal ... ( she spit disdainfully ) ... be knee deep in whore . mrs . thomerson a strange wang right in my palm . debbie ilene , we do not really know that . bobbie that 's what we be go to find out ... debbie I feel like I be spying on Rick . ilene good . that 's just what we be do . tina I will kill Stan if I find out he 's be screwing around . ilene shove sock in she bra to enhance she cleavage and defiantly slap on she new dress . ilene brett , be you with we ? mrs . thomerson ( come out of she fog ) yeah , sure ... I be eye to eye with a unfamiliar pud . int . HOTEL suite the party be take off . the all - girl band be go ape shit . the guy be dance with the hooker . they be all move in unison , to a gyrate New Wave dance step and sing along with the music . angle - ryko he 's wear gravity boot , hang upside down , entwine around one of the hooker . they be hang there , make out like crazy . Gary pass by . ryko hey , Gary , spot I . angle - bedroom door Stan come out of the bedroom . he 's dishevel , but look very happy . he cross to Rick . stan thanks a lot , that be the best . you be next . rick Nah , not yet . look , you be my older brother . I need some advice here . what 's the deal with marriage ? what can I expect ? stan well , the first month it 's great . the second month thing calm down a little . by the third month you be look through you old girlfriend ' phone number ; by the fourth month you be numb ; by the fifth month , hopefully the football season start . rick thanks , Stan , you have be a lot of help . Stan pat Rick on the back and dive into the festivity . angle - gary he spot someone across the room . it 's like tony spot Maria for the first time in " West side Story . " as in a dream sequence , all sound stop . two pinspot hit they . she turn and see he . she smile . both be madly in love . like two piece of metal attract to the same magnet , they walk toward each other . gary hi. she hello . they take each other by the hand . they walk into the bedroom and close the door behind they . the New Wave dance briefly continue , then come to a end . another angle - the HOTEL room o'neill grab ryko ( who be just come down from he gravity bar ) and Stan , who be wear a pair of woman 's underwear on he head . o'neill you guy better get go . it 's get late . stan oh , right . ryko and Stan cross to the door and exit . as they do , four or five pretty girl be pass by in the hallway . girl be there a party go on in there or something ? ryko yeah . it 's great . go on in . the girl cross inside . stan my god. Fresh meat . let 's hurry back . int . bathroom - tight on larry there be a pain , tragic and extremely stone out look on he face as he sigh deeply and then summon up he courage . widen as he look down at he right wrist . he heave another deep sigh and bring a electric razor into frame . he turn it on and run it over he wrist . of course , nothing happen . just then Rick enter . rick what the hell be you do ? larry I be try to slash my wrist . rick you be try to kill yourself with a electric razor ? larry I could not find any razor blade . rick well , this be terrific . now you be gonna have wrist that be smooth and kissable . just go out there . forget about everything and laugh it up . larry ( suddenly laugh like a crazy man ) ha , ha , ha . rick no , have fun first . then laugh . now , forget about marriage for a while . go party . as he shove Larry out , Gary enter the bathroom . his expression tell we he 's have the best sex of he life . rick Gary , how we do , big stallion ? gary Rick , I really think I be in love . rick this be cause for celebration . she will probably charge half price for sex from now on . Rick exit as Gary dreamily cross to the mirror . gary ( into mirror ) this time it 's real . she 's wonderful . Gary 's " woman " enter and close the door . they eye meet . Gary take she hand and kiss it gently . she turn away , then lift up the toilet seat , lift up she dress and proceed to pee . she be a man . Gary be stunne . his jaw drop open . Gary 's dream girl / guy finish he business . he drop he dress and turn to Gary . she the name 's Tim . I be always available . he blow a kiss and start to leave , but turn back . she / tim by the way ... I also do engine work on BMW 's . ' bye . Tim exit . Gary feel filthy . he rip open the cabinet , take out tooth paste and toothbrush and vigorously brushes he tooth . he rip off he clothes and jump in the shower and scrub as if he 's scraping barnacle off a hull of a tugboat . ext . stable - night ryko and Stan drive up to a country stable . they get out of the car and open a barn door . both be pleased at what they see . ryko all right . another angle stand there be a donkey , eat straw . ext . HOTEL - night Cole drive up in he chulo-customized porsche . he get out , then reach back into the car and take out a crossbow ( the heavy duty metal kind hunter use ) . he look up menacingly at the hotel and spot the room where the party be go on . he see another hotel across the way . he get a idea and enter the other hotel . int . HOTEL suite the party be go full blast . some other girl and a couple of guy ( hotel guest ) enter the room and be quickly sweep up in the spirit of the party . o' neill approach Rick . o'neill Rick , I be concerned . rick about what ? o'neill this be you bachelor party . you have not have sex with anyone yet . rick ( try to joke he way out of it ) get a few drink into I , we will dance and see what happen . o'neill I get something you can not resist . I have a friend , tracey . she want to meet you . she love to please . rick oooooo. o'neill ( indicate the bedroom ) right in there , pal . rick if I be not out in a half hour , send for the paramedics . o'neill that 's the old Rick ! Rick enter the bedroom . int . bedroom it 's dark , but for a lamp on the nightstand which be on . in one corner of the room we see the figure of a woman . rick hellooo ! tracey walk toward Rick . the light illuminate she . what we see be truly the most beautiful woman on earth . she be totally nude . a vision that would make any man screw and ask question later . rick ( to himself ; overwhelm by she ) eat my chair ! tracey take I ... please . Rick instinctively make a move toward she . he decide to go for it . rick be Pov - tracey just then a strange thing happen to tracey 's face . it transform into debby . another angle Rick stop dead in he track . he can not believe it . Debbie 's face be now on tracey 's body . tracey / debbie you promise I , Rick . you promise you would not make love to anyone else . Rick be shake by this . he shake he head and wipe at he eye . Debbie 's face be go . he move toward tracey again . tracey her face transform into sister Mary Francis . tracey / sister mary francis do not go back on you word , Rick . be true ; be strong . sister Mary Francis 's face disappear . another angle rick I can not do it . tracey her face become stan' . tracey / stan you nut ? look at I , I be beautiful ! Stan 's face turn back to tracey 's . another angle all the kid from he bus be gather around tracey . they be egging he on . kide do it ! come on ! put she away ! go for it ! Debbie 's face appear on tracey 's . tracey / debbie ( plead ) do not Rick . Debbie 's face disappear . Rick can not take it anymore . rick I can not do it . I love Debbie . he run out of the room , leave a very confuse tracey in he wake . int . HOTEL room o'neill be wait outside the bedroom door as Rick come out . o'neill how would it go ? rick put it to you this way -- you be gonna have to pry she out of the bed with a spatula , mister . o'neill I be proud of you , lad . Rick cross to the bar area as o'neill watch he go , beam . int . HOTEL room across the STREET - night Cole enter the room . he run to the window . cole's Pov his window be right opposite the window in the hotel of Rick 's party . cole he 's pleased . very pleased . he place a arrow into he crossbow . cole's Pov he 's look down he sight . Rick be the target ... and a easy one at that , for at this very moment Rick be crossing past the window . int . HOTEL suite the door open and in walk rajah , the indian pimp . he look piss . he 's look for Gary . rajah ( angry ) be look for this dunghead who take my woman ... he be be liar to I . 45 minute way over . cole's Pov he have Rick right where he want he . crossbow trigger Cole 's finger squeeze off a shot . rick luckily he start to dance with a female guest . this take he out of line of the arrow . HOTEL suite window the arrow zoom through the open window . int . HOTEL suite rajah be stand by the door . the arrow zip through the room , miss everyone and lodge in the wall inch from rajah 's head . he look at the arrow and realize he almost be kill . rajah ( frighten ) Holy dung be this thing ! I sic milt on you . he get back bitch . I ? I haul ass . he run out of the room . Rick and o'neill watch rajah exit , confuse . rick who be that ? o'neill I do not know . rick ( look at arrow ) what 's this ? o'neill get I . just then another arrow come zipping through the room , lodging in a chair inch from Rick . rick ( to new arrow ) how ' bout this ? o'neill still draw a blank . they turn in the direction the arrow come from and look out the window . they spot Cole load he bow in the room across the way . rick he look familiar ? o'neill very . rick c'mon . get the hooker in a circle . we better put cochise out of business . they start for the door as we go to -- int . backstage of beauty pageant chulo be wait outside a door that say " dress room . " several of the beauty contestant race out wear formal gowns . laverne follow they , wear a very tight black dress . chulo approach she . laverne stay away from I . chulo I be not gonna hassle you ... do not worry . you look beautiful . laverne ( nervous ) think so ? I borrow it from one of the girl . I do not look too fat ? chulo you be a angel ... a madonna . laverne be move by this . before she can respond a stage manager take she by the arm and push she on stage . stage manager you be on . chulo watch laverne enter the stage to hearty applause . angle - the audience Mr. thomerson and the other judge sit in the front row make note . medium shot - the stage the girl be line up on pedestal as the mc approach laverne mc all right , here be you question , miss ... er ... he look through he card hurriedly and be unable to find laverne 's . laverne rivas . mc miss rivas ... yes ... how would you solve we country 's present economic problem ? laverne who , I ? mc yes . laverne that 's a good question . from the way I understand it , accord to supply side economics , when supply exceed demand , recession be the result . that 's why I think we should control the credit market and increase the prime rate . that way , the consumer price index will stabilize and we will have economic recovery . angle - the crowd they break into spontaneous applause . angle - chulo he be totally blow away . angle - laverne she smile broadly at the applause and walk off stage . chulo move alongside she . chulo how would you know all that stuff ? you be a real brain . laverne Nah , I use to fuck a librarian . chulo look at she with awe and respect as she exit into the dress room . chulo wow ! int . HOTEL lobby - night Debbie , she mother and the girl enter the lobby . they approach the Hotel manager , who be stand behind the front desk . they be dress garishly , like hooker . Debbie have on a cheap blonde wig and mini skirt . the manager look at they the way one would look at a approach plague . debbie I do not believe we be do this . the manager cross to they . manager can I help you , lady ? debbie yes , we be look for the stahl party . manager room 1002 . the girl turn and start toward the elevator . Mrs. thomerson , who be wear the kind of push - up bra that make she tit look like the Black Hills , smile at the manager seductively . he smile back , then catch himself . manager ( to bellboy ) that guy be ask for it . the girl cross to the elevator . ilene push the button and the door swing open . they get inside and just before the door close , a huge behemoth of a man join they inside . he turn and face camera . it 's milt , rajah 's beefy helper . he do not look happy as he eye the girl . they look back at he uncomfortably as the door slam shut . int . HOTEL corridor the elevator door open . milt have all the girl by the collar and hustle they down the hall . ilene you be make a big mistake . milt shut up . you still get another job to do here . mrs . thomerson what kind of job ? I be a housewife . debbie quiet , mother . milt stop at a door and kick it with he foot . the door open a crack at first , then swing open wide , revealing six middle - age japanese business men in they underwear . they smile wide at the girl , obviously thrilled with the quality of the merchandise deliver to they . milt shove they into the room . milt get in there . he slam the door shut and exit . int . japanese guy ' room the guy start to move toward we panicked girl . they speak to each other in japanese ( with English subtitles ) japanese one Nice look quim , huh , Bob ? japanese two yeah , you know I , Ray , I have always be a sucker for redhead . japanese four hubba-hubba . bobbie let 's get out of here , girl . they turn toward the door . one of the japanese race over and get there first , slamm and bolt the door shut . debbie guy , take it easy . guy . the girl run around the room in a panic with the japanese chase they in very hot pursuit . ext . cole's room Rick , o'neill and tracey quietly approach Cole 's door . tracey be dress in a see-through negligee . rick this be it . ( he position tracey outside the door ) go get 'im . he and o'neill duck around the hallway corner , out of sight . int . cole's room he be at the window , hold he crossbow . he be frantically search the bachelor party across the way for any sign of Rick . cole where the hell be he ? he hear a knock on the door . Cole quickly hide he crossbow under the bed and answer the door . another angle tracey stand in the open door . Cole 's jaw drop open . he have never see anything as lovely . cole yeah ? tracey make love to I ... please . she walk into the room . Cole close the door . int . corridor outside cole's door Rick and o'neill run up to the door . they listen closely . we hear the SOUND of Cole 's shirt be ripped off , the button fly around the room , then the SOUND of he pant zipper be undone . rick T minus ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 . we have ignition . e and o'neill burst into the room and close the door . cole ( o.s. ) hey ! int . cole's room o'neill be tie the end of a sheet around the bed post . we see the bed be minus its sheet and blanket . o'neill all set here . another angle the guy have tie the sheet and blanket together and make a rope . the other end be tie around Cole 's chest . and that 's all Cole be wear ; he 's nude . cole you guy be never go to get away with this . Rick stuff Cole 's underwear in he mouth to gag he . rick we be just go to keep you in a safe place until after the party . he and o'neill lift Cole up and put he out the window . they hang onto the sheet / blanket rope and lower he slowly outside . ext . HOTEL we see Cole be lower from the window . closer on cole he 's struggle , but can do nothing about he predicament . he look down . cole's Pov the hotel parking lot be ten storey below . cole he look up to the guy . rick and o'neill they look down at he from the window above . rick now , do not get into any trouble . o'neill take care . rick &amp ; o'neill byeeeee ! they duck inside the window . int . cole's room Rick , o'neill and tracey exit the room . rick ( to tracey ) do not you wish you be a guy so you could have fun like this ? cole he 's scared to death . int . cole's room we see that Cole 's weight be pull the bed to the window . cole he 's slowly lowering down the side of the building . int . another HOTEL room a young couple enter the room . they be very much in love . he give she a kiss and close the door . man why do not you get comfortable ? she smile coyly and start to undress . he cross to the close blind . man ( continue ) there 's a wonderful moon out tonight . he open the blind , revealing Cole 's ass press up against the window . woman she scream , horrify . int . japanese businessmen's room the girl be be hotly pursue by the japanese man . japanese / ray ( subtitle ) hey , Bob , this beat the shit out of sushi , do not it ? int . cole's room the bed move right up against the wall under the window . we see the end tie to the bed post be beginning to untie . cole he 's panicked . int . cole's room the knot unty . cole he fall out of frame . the " rope " trail behind . int . car the young couple from the room be seat in he sportscar . he 's cranking open the sun roof . man Babe , I do not know anything about that . the sun roof open . suddenly Cole 's ass stick through it . the woman freak out again . ext . sportscar we see a groggy Cole sit in the sun roof . the man in the car be try to calm down he lady . int . banquet room - backstage chulo and laverne be stand in the wing while in the b.g. we can see the mc sing the moosehead beer jingle . then : mc all right , can we have we five finalist , please . chulo good luck , laverne . laverne and the five finalist go out on stage . angle - mr. thomerson he give a envelope to the mc . mc thank you , Mr. thomerson . well , the judge have make they decision , and this year 's miss moosehead beer be ... angle - the girl they be all nervous , especially laverne . mc laverne rivas . laverne squeal with delight and hug the mc as he put the bejewel crown on she head . then the mc lead she to the microphone . laverne ( teary - eye ) I can not believe it . this be the happiest day of my life , and I owe it all to he . she point o.s. to chulo , chulo , with tear in he eye , come out on stage and , in a surge of emotion , pick laverne up off she foot and hug she passionately . angle - the judge judge I know I have have that girl . mr. thomerson ( look at chulo ) and I know that guy from somewhere , too . the other judge look at Mr. thomerson suspiciously . ext . HOTEL - night camera push in to a car in the parking lot which be towing a U - haul trailer behind it . the car stop and turn off its light . int . car Stan and o'neill sit in the car look at the hotel . stan how the hell be we suppose to get this donkey inside ? ryko I do not know . stan what ? I think you tell I you have it all figure out . ryko maybe I do ... I do not remember . stan ( through clench tooth ) I would love to get you in a operate room . just once . angle - HOTEL entrance just then the " moose " from the beauty pageant step outside the hotel for a smoke . the guy in front remove the head , take a drag of he cigarette and pass it to the guy bring up the rear . after a beat , smoke steam out the rear end of the costume . angle - the guy in the car they both have the same idea . they stroll out of the car and approach the two man in the moose suit . we can not hear what they be say , but we can see the bill Stan be take out of he pocket . ryko grab the moosehead and run over to the trailer with it . int . HOTEL lobby - a few minute later the door open and Stan and ryko enter pull the " moose " by a rope . ryko can you believe how perfect it fit ? stan yeah . who would have think they would both be a size 138 regular . just then Rick and o'neill saunter into the lobby . o'neill hey , you guy ... rick who 's you friend ? stan ( keep it a surprise ) oh ... it 's ... er ... the guy from the beer convention . we be bring they to the party . rick great. ( to moose ) I be wonder , how do you guy go to the bathroom in that thing ? at that moment he hear a splat hit the ground . the guy look down and see a large , shiny clump of shiny brown excrement nestle in the shag carpet . rick ( continue ) say no more . the manager cross to they . manager I do not know which one of you do this , but you be not go anywhere till you clean up this disgusting mess . o'neill ( resign ) anybody get a paper towel or a shovel or something ? all the guest turn away in disgust . Stan take out a handkerchief and hand it to Rick , who close he eye and pick up the warm little bundle . the manager turn and walk off in a huff . on the way back to the elevator , Rick check to see no one be watch and place the handkerchief 's content on the front desk , just out of frame . smiling contentedly , the guy lead the reluctant " moose " into the elevator . the door slam shut . angle at the desk the manager be just finish check in a couple from out of town . manager I will have the boy take you bag up . he go to hit the bell and to he surprise , he hand come down on something soft and mushy . the look on he face tell we what it be . it 's the " gift " Rick leave behind . manager ( to couple ) Excuse I . I seem to have a hand full of potty . revolted , he race into a room mark " men . " angle - ballroom door the door open and several people from the moosehead beauty pageant come out . Mr. thomerson be one of they . executive thanks for help we out , Ed . we appreciate it . mr. thomerson any time , Al . Mr. T. cross to the door just as Cole come run in , slightly daze , wrap in the tatter remnant of the sheet that hold he suspend out the window . they both be shocked to see one another . mr. thomerson Cole , my God , boy , what be you do here ? what happen ? cole ( nearly hysterical ) the bachelor party 's upstairs . they make I get naked . they hang I from the window so high up it be so scary I fall down ... mr. thomerson take hold of yourself . what room be they in ? cole 1002 . mr. thomerson all right , I will go up there and take care of this myself . ( disgust ) you look awful , son . go find yourself some clothes . cole yes , sir . with a determine look , thomerson cross to the elevator , as Cole run into the hotel gift shop . int . HOTEL suite - night Rick , ryko , Stan , o'neill enter with the " moose . " rick hi , guy . we bring back a friend . larry it 's bullwinkle . o'neill gentlemen ... lady ... for you view pleasure , meet Mike the magical sexual mule . o' neill lift the head off the moose costume , revealing a real burro . the burro show all he tooth as burros be apt to do when excited . o' neill and Stan zip off the rest of he costume , revealing a well - endow beast . rick ( surprised ) how about this , a trojan donkey . o'neill and here 's Mike 's partner , in more way than one . a gal who do not think happiness end with primate . the very lovely , miss desiree ... desiree , a erotic , tall woman wear a leather face mask , come out of the bedroom carry a long whip . desiree put ravel 's " bolero " on the phonograph ; then she start to sway she hip sensuously in front of the animal . angle - the party guest they all scream and holler approval . angle - desiree she rub up against the donkey , shaking she backside against the animal 's . rick swell . she 's gonna pin she tail on the donkey . now all eye be on desiree as she do a erotic striptease . angle - the donkey it be get bored and a little hungry . it bend its head to the leave and spot the table with food on it . it bend over and start munch on some cole slaw . angle - desiree to the catcall of the partygoer , desiree be get all work up , stripping down to a g-string . the donkey it 's have enough cole slaw . now it sniff at Larry 's drug smorgasbord and then start to chomp on a few pill . next it stick its head into the line of coke and snort they up in one gigantic sniff . angle - desiree she let she long , flow hair hang down over she breast . then she take a mattress and set it on the floor . she roll on it and sway she hip sensuously on she knee . angle - her audience Rick can not believe he 's see this . the other guy be scream at the top of they lung . even Larry seem spell - bound . angle - the donkey it do not look so hot as it finish off every drug on the table . angle - desiree she move over to the donkey , hit he on the side gently with she whip , then pull he over to she mattress . the donkey 's blood - shot eye be the size of saucer . once again he show he tooth in a kind of shit-eate grin . desiree drop to the mattress and beckon the animal to she . Mike the donkey obediently do as he 's tell , move to she in a trance - like , very turn - on state . desiree c'mon , Mike ... come to mama . the donkey take another step forward , and then suddenly rear up on he hind leg , snort . he start buck wildly . the crowd move out of he way as the animal go berserk for a few second , then without warning collapse in a heap on the floor . everyone go rush up to it . chulo and laverne enter the room , follow by several of the other contestant and other from the beauty pageant . chulo ( excited ) hey , you guy , I be get marry . ( to laverne ) we be gonna make lot of kid . he look over and see everyone gather around Mike . chulo what the hell happen ? Gary shush he . we push in on Dr. Stan , who be listen for sign of life in the animal 's chest . finally Stan stand up somberly . stan drug overdose . desiree you mean it 's ... stan afraid so . I do everything I could . larry it 's my fault . he 's dead because ... I leave that drug ... rick it 's really not all you fault . I be talk to Mike earlier and he have a lot of problem . personal thing , you know . make some bad investment . at least now he 's peaceful ... o'neill c'mon , we gotta get this thing out of here . o'neil place the moosehead on the donkey as Rick , Gary , chulo and Stan pull the donkey out into the hall like pallbearer at a funeral . int . hallway Mr. thomerson , who 's be stand at the door , take this time to sneak into the suite right behind they . int . rick's suite Mr. thomerson can not believe the going - on . people be make out , drink and dance . he hide in a corner to watch undercover . angle in corridor the guy shove the donkey onto the elevator and the door snap shut . int . HOTEL lobby manager ( on phone ) yes ... I see ... of course we do not allow that sort of thing here , mar 'am . no ... well , I be sorry the noise wake you . I will take care of it right away . he hang up and cross to the elevator . manager I have have enough of this . just then the elevator door swing open . the donkey fall out into the lobby . the manager scream in terror , as do several of the hotel guest . manager ( continue ) that 's it . I be call the cop . int . HOTEL suite - night some more uninvite guest come drift into the room . rick welcome , welcome , one and all . mr. thomerson ( o.s. ) Rick ! rick ( recognize the voice ) oh , no ! he turn and spot Mr. thomerson as he make he way through the party . rick Christ ... it 's Mr. laugh . Mr. thomerson go nose to nose with Rick . mr. thomerson this be it . you be through . when Debbie hear about this she will never see you again . now I be call the cop to break up this sex orgy ... and toss you ass in jail ! he turn away and walk out of frame . o' neill cross to Rick . o'neill what be you go to do about it ? rick ( defeat ) what can I do ? I be dead . Debbie 's go to go crazy and end the whole thing . o'neill I will stop he ... you stall he . another angle Mr. thomerson be head for the phone in the bedroom . rick Mr. thomerson ! thomerson stop and turn to Rick . rick ( continue ; dramatic ) please , no . do not ruin my life . please ! he drop to he knee and hug thomerson 's leg . the party stop and everyone watch . rick ( continue ) it 's not I . I be bring up on the wrong side of the track . a victim of my environment ... int . HOTEL bedroom - o'neill and larry Larry be hand o'neill a plastic bag fill with white powder . o'neill be that all the coke in the place ? larry that 's it . o'neill good . o' neill unscrew the mouthpiece off the phone . he pour the bag of cocaine into the phone . he then screw the mouthpiece back on over this mound of powder . satisfied with he work , he exit the bedroom . int . suite - MAIN room thomerson be try to free himself from Rick 's grasp as Rick continue with he " hard luck " story . rick my poor old mammy have to take in laundry . my pappy have to work 20 hour a day at the pez Factory . another angle o' neill gesture to Rick that everything 's ready . Rick immediately jump to he foot . rick the end . mr. thomerson no sob story be go to change my mind . Mr. thomerson push o'neill aside and enter the bedroom . o'neill the phone 's all yours . Mr. thomerson , in the bedroom , pick up the receiver . as he do so , a cloud of cocaine fall out of the mouthpiece . he scream at Rick , gesture with the phone in he hand as he dial . each move produce a large cloud of powder , which cause he to sniffle slightly . mr. thomerson I never like you . I have never like any of you friend . I have hate you from the first time I see you . and now you be out of my life . you be out of my life ! he start to react from inhale the powder . he put the receiver to he ear . he take a deep breath and try to dial another number . a large cloud of coke fly up he nose . he 's stunne . he take another deep drag . he 's hook . he forget all about dial . he jam the receiver against he nose and take deep drag after deep drag . desiree , still wear she leather mask , cross to he and sit down next to he on the bed . he give she a big , wide smile . o' neill close the door . o'neill reach out and snort someone . rick I be save . let 's party ! everyone start to whoop it up again . int . japanese suite it 's still a standoff between the girl and the horny japanese . debbie let 's give they what they want . phoebe what ? Debbie open the bedroom door and motion for the japanese to file in . debbie let 's go . everyone inside . the japanese immediately put two and two together and get orgy . this be some happy fella as they enter the bedroom . bobbie Deb , we be pretend to be hooker . debbie ( herding in the last japanese ) right in here . the big show start in one minute . the japanese man enter the room . Debbie slam the door shut behind he . debbie let 's go . ilene look , girl -- I will stay behind and hold they off . the rest of you break for it ! debbie ilene , be you crazy ? ilene I know what I be do ... go ! the girl run out the door . int . japanese bedroom ilene smile . she have what she want . she walk into the bedroom , surround by panting japanese . ilene gentlemen , the god have answer you prayer ... bonzai ! she take a run leap and dive on top of the japanese . int . corridor Debbie and the lady run to a elevator . Debbie press the " down " button . mrs . thomerson I hope ilene 's all right . debbie I hope that guy be all right . the elevator door open , revealing the donkey lie flat on he back . his stiff leg point skyward . the girl see he and scream . they run down the hall to the stairway . on the way Debbie notice she 's pass room 1002 . she hear the party sound inside . she head for the room angrily . this be a lady out to even a score . int . HOTEL suite as Debbie open the door , she father walk by with desiree on he arm . neither see the other . Debbie enter the room . she be surprised by the mass of humanity rub shoulder with one another in the room . o' neill look over from the other side of the room and spot she . he be not fool for a minute by she wig and mini skirt . he run over to Rick . o'neill guess who 's here ? another surprise guest . rick who ? o'neill Debbie . rick my Debbie ? o'neill what 's with she costume ? o'neill point and Rick see Debbie . she do not see they . rick ( continue ) I do not know ... go up to she , make like you do not know she and send she into the other bedroom . o'neill you get it . o'neill cross to Debbie . o'neill ( continue ) hi , baby . you be new here . I do not think the groom 's have you yet , have he ? push in on Debbie . she 's piss . debbie no , not yet . where be he ? int . bedroom Rick open the door from the bathroom . the light be turn off and from the flash illumination of a neon sign outside the window we can make out the outline of Debbie 's body on the bed . rick I can not see anything . Debbie , in a disguise Southern accent , speak out . debbie do not turn on the light , sugar . ( seductively ) I will lead you around . rick how wonderful . a see eye hooker . debbie why do not you get undress . Rick start to undress . while undress , he take on the persona of Mr. rodger . he sing rodger ' open theme in that same sappy , child - like manner of he . rick ( sing ) it 's a lovely day in the neighborhood . it 's a lovely day , it 's a beauty , would you be mine , could you be mine . ( he 's now stripped down to he underwear ) ... please will not you be my neighbor . ( as Mr. rodger ) hi ... hi there ... today we be go to learn about anatomy ... he jump on top of she and start maul she passionately . Debbie snap on the light . she throw off she wig and she and Rick come face to face . rick ( continue ) Debbie ... you be a hooker ! I can not believe it ! she all but jump out of bed . debbie I can not trust you ! rick c'mon , I know it be you . debbie ( hold back tear ) Rick , you be lie ! as Rick protest , she throw on she blouse and run out of the room . Rick charge after she . int . HOTEL suite - MAIN room the place be wall to wall people . angle - debbie she try to make she way to the exit , but she path be slowed by all the happy reveler . debbie ( yell over the din ; furious ) let go of I ! rick ( yell back ) Debbie , I be tell you , I do not do anything , hardly . debbie the marriage be off . now you can screw around with you friend for the rest of you life . rick I do not want that . I want to be with you . debbie and I want to be with someone who understand the meaning of the word commitment . rick I be commit . I love you . just then desiree and Mr. thomerson cross through frame . she 's lead he around by the silver chain , which be now attach to he neck . she 's also carry a leather whip . debbie I do not believe you . rick you do not believe I ? okay , fine . Rick get up on the sofa and yell loudly over the din . rick ( continue ) people ! can I have you attention ... people ! everyone stop what they be do and look up . rick ( continue ) I want to ask you all a question . have I have sex with anybody in this room tonight ? there 's a negative response from the crowd . rick ( continue ) be you sure ? everyone respond positively . rick ( continue ) thank you . all the guest go back to party . Rick drop off the sofa and face Debbie . rick ( continue ) see ? and this be not just ordinary party - goer -- there be professional in this crowd -- I do not want any of they . you ... you be what I want . understand ? debbie ( melt ) yes ... rick great . now , what do you want to do about it ? debbie ( sexy ) let 's get naked . rick you be on . she take he by the hand and cross into the other bedroom . int . other bedroom Rick and Debbie enter . to they surprise they find a man wear a leather mask tie to the bed and happily lick desiree 's boot , which she dangle in front of he . she also hold a whip over he head . despite the mask , there be something very familiar about he face , and the white powder encrust all over he nose . Debbie pick up on this immediately . debbie ( shocked ) daddy ? sure enough , Mr. thomerson look up and grimace , know he 's be catch with he bondage down . he try to say something , but the boot in he mouth prevent anything intelligent from come out . mr. thomerson ebbie. ger ... umph ... lable ... rick of course , sir . that explain it . leather be a very good source of vitamin E . int . suite - MAIN room the party have reach fever pitch . suddenly police siren pierce through the party sound . everyone freeze . we hear the Hotel manager beat on the door with he fist . int . HOTEL corridor the manager be pound on the door . by he side be several uniformed police . manager you be all under arrest . open up ! int . HOTEL suite rick ( to everyone in the room ) you attention , please . May I be the first to say , it 's a raid ! everyone start to panic and run for the door . rick ( continue ) I be glad no one be panic . he snap up he clothes from the bedroom . int . HOTEL corridor manager ( to Police ) break it in , boy ! the cop rear back for a run at the door . at that moment the hotel door open up and the cop and the manager be trample by Rick , Debbie , Mr. thomerson , Rick 's gang , other guest and assort hooker . they run down the stair . the cop pick themselves up and give chase . the manager look inside the room and be devastate by what he see ... Hiroshima look better after the a-bomb . int . HOTEL lobby we see the police have collare bobbie , Phoebe , Mrs. thomerson and the other lady of the shower as hooker suspect . we bachelor party mob now charge down the stair and out the hotel door . the cop grab Mr. thomerson as he try to get out , and they throw he in line with the other . unfortunately for he , he 's stand next to Mrs. thomerson . mrs . thomerson Ed ! what be you do here ? before he can answer , Mrs. thomerson check out he shocking leather outfit . mrs . thomerson ( angry ) Ed ... you be kinky ! mr. thomerson the phone make I do it ! mrs . thomerson ( shocked ) you have be have strange sex ...! mr. thomerson no , brett , I ... mrs . thomerson it 's all right ... ( proudly ) so have I . he be totally blow away by this as the cop lead they out of the room . mrs . thomerson I have see another man 's diddly . ext . HOTEL - morning we people pile out of the hotel . Rick , Debbie and all Rick 's friend run down the street . suddenly a porsche pull up between Rick and Debbie . it 's Cole . he reach over and pull Debbie into the car with he . she scream . rick Cole , what the hell be you do ? cole she 's mine ! he drive off . rick he 's kidnap she ! everyone into the bus ! they all board the bus . ext . CITY STREET as Cole round a corner , a tire come loose and roll off the car -- thanks to chulo 's shoddy workmanship . int . porsche cole shit , shit , shit , shit , shit . he look to the rear and see Rick 's bus not far behind they . suddenly he spot something o.s. he grab Debbie and run out of frame . ext . CITY STREET a city maintenance truck be drive slowly down the center of the street . a man in the back of the truck be leisurely place orange cone in the center line of the road . Cole , with Debbie in tow , grab the truck 's driver and haul he out of he seat . he then place Debbie inside the truck and he at the wheel . he peel out . we man with the cone in the back be unaware of what have happen . he keep place the cone on the street . however , now the truck be hit speed in the upper 70' . the man 's leisure pace speed up . he rapidly place cone on the road at break - neck speed . int . rick's bus Rick , be plow into the cone and knock they all over . maintenance truck we man with the cone be almost completely exhaust . ext . highway Rick be in pursuit , knock over cone . he 's almost catch up with Cole . ext . STREET the vehicle reach the top of the hill . Cole grab a sharp leave and pull into a movie theater parking lot . the maneuver lose Rick for a second . Rick jam on the brake and double back into the parking lot . ext . movie theater parking lot Cole pull up with a screech in front of the theater . he grab Debbie and jump out of the truck . he drag she into the theater entrance . Rick bring he bus to a stop and he and the gang pour out of the bus . cole he and Debbie stand outside the theater , which be a multi-plex cinema . fourteen movie theater under one roof . prominent be a sign which read : " 24 hour 3d festival ! " Cole drag Debbie into one of the theater . the gang run up to the theater . rick fan out and look for they . they all go run into various theater . angle - ryko he approach a theater and see the title of the movie play inside . ryko aw , I have see this one already . Rick choose a theater and go inside . int . movie theater the patron be wear they 3d glass , watch the action on the screen . on the movie screen we see a man and a woman argue . Cole and Debbie enter the theater . they run down to the front of the screen , head for a exit . Rick enter . he give chase and catch up with Cole . he take a swing at Cole and Cole swing back . behind they on the screen a man have come to the rescue of the woman . a fight start in the movie , also . the patron sit calmly watch the action . miraculously , Rick 's fight with Cole be in perfect sync with the actor in the movie . Rick hit Cole with a punch that send he backwards into several movie patron . the patron be impressed by the realism of the film 's special effect . Cole throw a punch . Rick duck . the punch hit a man in the front row in the mouth . man ( to lady next to he ) gee , what a realistic effect . woman yeah , like you be in the movie with they . Rick climb over several row and continue to pummel Cole . Cole grab a woman 's purse and begin to hit Rick with it . Cole run out of the aisle as Rick climb over people and dive onto Cole , knock he to the aisle . patron ( to he date ) best 3d I have ever see . as the movie end , Rick have Cole by the collar and be drag he out of the theater . int . mall outside theater Rick exit the theater with Cole . he toss Cole to chulo . Debbie come run behind Rick . rick ( to Debbie ) be you okay ? debbie yeah . rick this have be quite a night . here 's a think . why do not we go home and give we private part a workout ? debbie ( hugging he ) you be so romantic ... the patron be exite . all of they be very up and excited by they 3d experience . woman absolutely amazing . a man who have take a punch and have have he jacket rip to shred do not seem pleased . man I have see better . ext . bluff - day it 's another gorgeous day on the bluff overlook the ocean . just right for Rick and Debbie 's wedding . we see the wedding in progress . the area be adorn with flower . the many guest be seat and take in the moment . among this be tracey , desiree and Gary 's she -man , who wave to Gary as he stand with the other usher , chulo , ryko and Larry . chulo be choke up and try to hide he tear . he look over at laverne , who smile to he . chulo ( to ryko ) hey , man , do not forget my bachelor party 's next Friday night . gary I will get the hooker . ryko no way . nearby stand the maid of honor , bobbie , phoebie and ilene , who blow a kiss to she date , Ray ( one of the japanese businessman ) . the thomerson sit in the front row . neither of they be cherish this moment . mr. thomerson ( sotto ; to Mrs. thomerson ) we will have moron for grandkid . ( resign to the fact ) but ... at least we will have grandkid . they sort of smile at each other at the think . Father falwell be almost through with the ceremony . a car pull up in the b.g. exiting the car be Stan and a woman . o' neill , the best man , see the car . he poke Rick . he indicate to Rick someone have arrive . stan we see the man in the car be Stan . he usher the lady in the car to Larry . he 's surprised at who she be : he wife . larry Sue ! sue hi , honey . larry how would you get here ? sue Rick call I . Larry look to Rick and give he a warm smile and a wave . Rick acknowledge Larry . larry why do not we go someplace and talk . they walk off . father falwell father falwell now , before I pronounce you man and wife , the groom wish to recite he vow to Debbie . Richard . thomerson they fear the worst . mr. thomerson oh , God almighty . rick he turn to Debbie . he wait a beat and begin . rick cheese . I love you more than cheese . and I love cheese a lot . thomerson they hide they face in they hand . off in the distance a storm be come in fast over the ocean . the wind begin to pick up . undaunted , Rick continue he soliloquy . rick in fact , more than dairy product in general . I love dairy . my love be cream . pour I on the cereal of you life ... now it start to rain . father falwell he want this to end . he call softly to Rick , try to get he attention . father falwell Rick . rick. hey ... people begin to scurry for cover . in the b.g. , under a tree , we see Larry and he wife huddle in each other 's arm . from the way they look , they have work thing out . rick rick I think this song pretty much sum up the way I feel at this moment . he begin to sing the theme from " the flintstone " with all the gusto of Jack Jones . Father falwell have have enough . father falwell ( rapid fire ) I now pronounce you man and wife . Goodbye . he bless they lightning fast and spring for he car . the scene credit roll as Rick continue to sing in the drive rain . Debbie join in on the chorus . she love she man . everyone have run for the safety of they car . everyone but the thomerson , who sit and look on bewilder . rick and debbie " flintstone , meet the flintstone they be a prehistoric family from the town of bedrock they be a page right out of history ... " fade out : the end