untitled by dan gilroy 6.7.17 this script contain encrypted , traceable text specific to each reader we be a eye look at a crowd of people look back at we ... fashionable viewer stand under bright sun ... some discuss we -.. some come near ... none stay long as ... new people stop ... credit begin and ... sound be hear ... electronic music ... disembodied spoken phrase drift on the wind as a young woman ( josephina ) pass ... 20 ... black ... stylish ... carry a Starbucks tray with four coffee and CUT to be suspend 10 foot in the air ... crowd look up at we as ... josephina pass below with the Starbucks tray and CUT to be a unseen backdrop for people take selfies as ... sosephina step in ... photograph herself ... she phone ring and ... we follow her through the crowd as she answer ... josephina / on phone hey ... no , I be just head inside . ( slow ) what ? josephina listen as camera widen to show she stand outside the miami convention CENTER crowd ... car ... palm ... a huge , pastel banner announce Art Basel ubs josephina / on phone be you serious ? ... when ? ... what ? ... what time ? ... right at the fuck bar ? crush news ... josephina stop in front of a exhibit of life - size farm animal create out of old computer part ... josephina / on phone you be sure it be he ? ... who be she ? -.. goddamn it ! ... fuck ... no I gotta go ... no ... thank you , seriously , bye . josephina hang up ... computer -~ part farm animal making eerie bleat and moos and baas behind she as ... she dial and ... josephina / on phone what 's up ? ... yeah I know what time it be , it 's three hour earlier than here . you be tired huh ? you go out last night ? ( listen before - - ) you be a fuck liar , ricky ! a liar ! liar ! someone see you last night ! first night I be away ! be you fuck kid I !?! ... it be a friend , a person who have my back , someone I trust unlike you ! passersby hear ... lowering she voice ... josephina the girl from you gallery !? deny it ! deny it ! ... I do not care what you -- a hand tap she shoulder and josephina spin to see a youthful man in he 30 ... metro-sexual ... short pants suit ... prada man bag ... persol ... bleach smile ... see she 's cry ... man ( mouth ) sorry -- I will see you inside . the man depart and we follow he past line of luxury car ... wave to people ... nod of recognition ... he 's know here as we trail the man inside art basel miami where the most exclusive element of society explode into exhibitionist view ... man skirt the line to go in ... confetti of language ... reach a PRESS booth up front ... man mor£f vandewalt , artnet . morf don a id mark critic ... head inside and we enter a maze of 500 contemporary art galleries ... sensory overload ... vip milling about as if they , not the art , be on display as ... morf switch sunglass for eyeglass ... navigate the myriad exhibit ... among the many display he pass be large neon sign reading ... there's no confusion in my house step lively over my body a meaningless life chase after pleasure morf walk by mural of muscled baby wearing amertcan flag diaper ... come upon a crowd group around a life - size , animatronic man in a batman mask and dirty tuxedo ... wobbling on crutch ... holding a sign will work for food morf stop to regard the human-like figure as ... a asian gallery owner quickly approach ... high stake here ... gallery owner morf. more cloudio . cloudio . it 's kenji , as you probably know . it 's title '' hoboman . '' the response be amazing . arguably the hit of the show . norf move side to side as ... the crippled , tuxedoed , batman - masked robotic vagrant unnervingly follows with the sign ... more wolfson , female figure , four year ago . cloudio no . it 's new . vastly different theme . more it 's a iteration . no originality . no courage . my opinion . cloudio well I absolutely respect the power of you point of view but this encompass a global scale . there 's just such a sense of now and in - your-face that speak to pop and cinema and economics . I mean you can feel the wind of the apocalypse . 4 . morf move on ... cloudio anxiously trail ... voice low ... cloudio we have a four-million dollar hold . a major buyer in shanghai . will you be xun you review today ? morf do not respond ... crest - fall cloudio leave in he wake as ... morf continue into the show and ... we follow he from above as he thread the labyrinth of contemporary art display ... arrive at a exhibit mark n32 dondon gallery Los Angeles murmur of big buy ... wall dominate by large portrait of rave - goer made entirely from glow stick ... morf regards the work ... drift to a chic , multi-ethnic man ( jon dondon ) ... more hello jon. jon dondon can va ? more intrigue . how do he keep the glow stick go ? jon dondon I be not honestly sure . I can tell you we be oversold by 600 percent . morf spy a grotesque etching of a emaciated girl surfing with a body builder balanced on her shoulder ... more you be show a pier ? jon dondon just the one . more pier be leave rhodora for you ? jon dondon oh I be certain you would have to ask he . jon dondon 's cell ring ... he step away to answer as ... a suite , gazelle -like woman appear ... air-kiss ... more gretchen . woman / gretchen morf love . ( be : the surfing grotesque ) we bid on it for the museum . jon want 3.7 . rhodora will not sell a pier for under five so this be a opportunity for we . I be quite curious to know what you think morf I think sober have not be good for he . gretchen this be do four year ago . pier be in the full bloom of alcoholism here . morf exactly . gretchen so you be say this would be a good buy for the museum then ? morf see josephina navigate the crowd with she coffee ... more Excuse I . ( catch up to josephina ) hey , be you okay ? josephina literally the worst fuck day . morf ( offer a tissue from he bag ) you make - up . josephina I be late . they texted like 20 time . morf I be go there too . josephina Fucking people . morf who ? josephina everyone . more be pier switch gallery ? josephina I answer phone and get coffee , I would literally be like the last to know . morf and josephina arrive at no haze gallery Los Angeles unlike the other sterile space ... gypsy wagon decor ... art hang by sashes ... propped on paint table and plush chair ++. one wall devote to grotesque etching by pier as ... josephina 's meet by a muscle man ( bryson ) in a t-shirt ... bryson you be too late , rhodora already get a coffee . this be not the pace . be you where you want to be ? josephina I be not take shit from the installer . more draw to a group surround a big mirrore sphere with dozen of hole ... a label read my furry animal like to be pet a woman preside , drink a coffee and ... rhodora haze be a punker become gallerist ... commerce cloak as middle - age bohemian queen ... gate - keeper of eight - figure sale ... morf ( be : the exhibition / gallery ) Color . life . I love it . rhodora I be sick of white space . morf that 's so strange . I have be completely draw to bohemian lately . rhodora this adherence to show in sterile , monochrome cube . it 's just laziness . I want to get some juxtaposition go . morf I be actually I mean right now write something exactly about this . ( ze : the mirrore sphere ) this be not in the catalogue . rhodora it 's minkin . morf watch viewer tentatively insert they hand and arm deep into the many hole dotting the large mirrore sphere ... some smile at what they feel ... some recoil ... rhodora it create a unique sensation depend on each person and whatever hole they decide to explore . just like life . it use all sort of sensor and gizmo . it 's about choice , desire , sex , the whole enchilada . more it 's ground - break . rhodora it 's yours to break . it debut 10 minute ago . more I be posting a review . how much be it ? rhodora it 's so much easier to talk about money than art . morf funny . speak of , be pier leave you for jon dondon ? rhodora I have represent pier for seventeen year . more that 's not a answer . rhodora why do not you put you hand in and see what you feel . rhodora move off to speak with several buyer ... morf regard people laugh and freaking as they nervously put they arm inside the mirrore sphere and CUT to a glitter ball turn to techno ... blood sunset in the bg and wider to show miami mansion alpha artist , buyer , seller , speculator water up at a lavish sea-side Art Basel happen ... crimson solstice glint off 100 k - watch and jewel as we find morf and josephina in a love seat shape like lip ... morf this endless art fair and opening and installation . always the same face . it 's like a wedding that never end . josephina ( texting ) ricky 's still deny it . '' please baby , let I explain , '' I swear to God I want to hurt he , more maybe it 'il free you for new thing . josephina this be a new thing , he just move in . more I have to say I be have my own major second thought about Ed . he actually have some fantasy of we get marry . josephina I be through dating artist . they be already in a relationship . more Louise bourgeois write in she diary in 1980 and say : " the only access we have to we voleanic unconscious and we motive be through the shock of we encounter with specific people . '' I believe that . do you , josephina ? drift from they ... glide through a ecosystem of excess ... arrive at gretchen with the asian gallery owner ( cloudio ) ... cloudio hoboman 's still available . it would be absolutely perfect for you new wing . gretchen we blow we budget buy the pier . cloudio in that case I have the perfect ad line for you next brochure . be prepare to see what you have see before . gretchen regard what exactly ? cloudio you be take a great museum and fill it with brand . you job as curator be to challenge , not preserve status quo . gretchen you be peddle a wolfson knock - off and lecture I on play it safe ? we 's re move again ... pass through designer drink ... out toa patio pulsing with music ... rhodora against the sunset ... speak to a young , bearded , sikh ( damrish ) ... rhodora you website do not give a sense of scale or texture but see you work for the first time today at the new artist fair I have that oh-my - God moment . it charge . it maul . it devour . damrish six month ago I be live on the street , show on sidewalk . so that 's where I be come from . screw spectacle . I be about ask tough question . reodora well lemme fill you in . all of this be just a safari to hunt the next new thing and eat it . damrish I hear you be the one to watch out for . rhodora oh I be easy - peasy and a pussy cat really . you be laugh . see , I be funny too . 10 . damrish I know all about you . go back to you punk day . rhodora that be many moon ago . damrish Velvet buzzsaw . rhodora well the name be catchy . damrish the early stuff be great . then it become what ? self -parody ? I mean after polly leave . rhodora you be inform . it be polly and I write the song so it lose something when she go she own way . damrish why would you split up ? rhodora who remember through all the booze and the pill ? the point be I have go from anarchist to purveyor of good taste , so I get the joke . none of this be new . it 's all be do since someone charge a bone to see the first cave painting . rhodora take two shot from a pass waiter ... hand one to damrish ... clink ... both down they drink ... rhodora so what cave be you show in ? damrish I and my dude start a collective . rhodora good , you be stay in L.A. then . damrish all the way . rhodora well hell know I love loyalty but I have kill to exhibit you . I can guide you through the bullshit and shennanigan , help you create you own art position . 11 . damrish my position 's anti-market . rhodora hey I put the be into risky shit . I live for art with some fuck soul . damrish I just turn down a offer for a full show from jon dondon . rhodora and on and on . he 's inside right now try to poach pier . know where I be , damrish ? I be here do shot with you . sink to floor level ... glide above white shag ... slalom expensive footwear ... overhear art speak ... arrive at a pair of paint-spatter work boot and purple smoking slipper ... jon dondon v.0 . the market only tier up for you , pier . man v.o. listen my tolerance for you bullshit be zero . rise to find ... plumage jon dondon speak to blue-collar attire pier ... world - class artist , feuder , provocateur ... jon dondon rhodora over - priced you . she 's lose it , completely out of touch . I sell surfer girl today for 3.7 million , exactly what I say I have get . if you come with I we gallery have cut edge analytics to maximize deal flow and global demand . pier I be fight to get back to creation , to revelation , the billion year of energy sparking through we brain . I be not jetting around hawk fuck ticket . jon dondon in a attention economy celebrity be artform . pier you know I only give commission on my new work , the repros and print and replica be all markete under my own brand . 12 . jon dondon I and my team be more than ecstatic to partner exclusively on you future work . pier I hear rhodora sell sphere for 7 million . jon dondon it 's a carnival attraction . pier it 's brilliant . I never should have quit drink . darkness descend as josephina leave the mansion ... morf catch up ... more see you at §.L.S .? josephina I be go to a satellite show outside more oh. i711 come . moving black uber silhouett against a remote stretch of Florida panhandle ... rise moon and CUT to inside the moving car josephina in back with morf ... pull she vape pipe ... josephina what 's go on with you ? more what do you mean ? josephina you be morf-fuck - vandewalt , what be do go to a grunge show with mar ? more I like be with you . we have a taste relationship . be that tobacco ? josephina hash oil . 13 . more maybe I x11 just have one little puff . josephina inhale ... hand it ... morf take a hit and CUT to SPARKS rise into the sky as ... a bonfire light a desolate palm grove ... human form see stand in the darkness and ... the uber arrive ... morf emerge ... break wave hear ... morf be this it ? where be we right now ? the uber leave ... morf approach one of the human form ... morf hi , we be look for the installation . the bonfire flicker ... reveal the man 's burned face and ... morf stumble ... fall as ... josephina walk up ... regards the disfigure mannequin ... other charree plastic figure ... look at morf ... josephina you be light . josephina take morf 's hand ... lead he toward the outline of a dark , abandon industrial build and CUT to inside the industrial build candle ... flashlight ... flare illuminate exhibit ... the SOUND of surf and heart beat echo throughout the space as ... morf and josephina step over rubble ... regard a crying jesus statue in a smashed tanning bed and ... morf stare at the piece ... clutching josephina 's hand ... be suddenly overwhelm ... more I be in crisis , ever since Berlin I find myself all the time think about you . josephina we be waste . more that 's what I keep tell myself but I have have year of drunk sex and I have never feel anything even remotely like this . and definitely not for a woman . 14 . move to a kiddie pool writhing with live crab ... plastic duck bob atop a churning Mass of shell ... more when I look at this I feel physically ill . morf suddenly shove ... a old man in sunglass glare ... more hey ! old man get out . josephina go fuck yourself asshole . old man you do not belong . you be not invite . morf you do not even know who I be . old man you be a fuck pimp . morf in what context ? old man shove morf harder ... more okay where 's security ? dark figure emerge from the shadow ... ugly vibe ... morf be you the organizer ? the artist ? this be so tragically lower end . I be go to write this up for artnet , favorably . that 's go out the window . my readership be not unsubstantial . rock throw from the shadow ... just miss morf and CUT to outside morf and josephina quickly exit the dim building ... into the night ... surf and heart beat strangely echoing out here ... morf what the hell be that ?! where be we ? be we by the ocean ? be that my heart ? 15 . josephina oh fuck . morf turn ... silhouett figure materialize behind they ... more they be follow we . okay . uber. morf pull he phone ... text for a car ... josephina do not stop . morf and josephina hustle into the darkness as ... animal sound be hear from the black ... predatory ... terrifying ... that 's part of the installation right ? full immersion ? josephina break into a run ... morf beside she ... morf hold up he phone ... flashlight function ... crash into a char , disfigure mannequin and ... morf drop he cell ... morf Fucking pop - up show . two shadow figure swiftly descend and morf and josephina be attacked glimpsed by the glow of the drop phone ... desperate brawl ... morf grapple with a form ... bring to ground ... josephina kick and claw as ... more grasp a piece of driftwood ... swinging wildly ... crushing contact ... savage energy ... beat one figure ... smash the club on josephina 's attacker ... grab she hand and 16 . they dash through the darkness ... ... sudden bright light as a stop uber turn on its headlight ... morf hold the club ... wild look ... josephina regard he and CUT to miami HOTEL room morf wash blood from he hand ... take a wet wash towel to josephina in the bedroom ... watch she wiping she leg ... morf we should file a police report . I mean should not we ? be not that what people do ? josephina I would not know what to report . some scuzzbali low -life . I do not even see they . grab two tito from the fridge . morf pull two shot-bottle of vodka from the mini-bar ... hand josephina one ... cap unscrewe ... share look as ... they down they ... josephina cue music on a ipod speaker ... josephina you be badass back there . seriously . more well I do a lot of pilates and pelaton . josephina I zemember you body . more I remember yours . you skin . it 's the most beautiful cross between almond and saddle brown . josephina toweling she thigh ... morf stare ... josephina I make you hard huh ? more you make I confuse . josephina tough headspace for a critic . morf motionless as ... josephina take he hand ... guide it between she leg and we dissolve to 17 . a hairless cat sit sphinx -like on a white marble floor ... watch a school of koi in a indoor reflection pond and widen to show los angele at dawn through tower floor - to-ceil window ... sweeping view from downtown to the Pacific as move through a hilltop , architectural gem ... beneath a big mobile made of electric guitar suspend in a large foyer as we pass a series of big lithos of rhodora in her punk day hang in she soar live room and continue through large glass door ... now outside ... drift over a large lakn toward big outdoor sculpture made of steel slab near which we find rhodora at a table made of a crushed car ... old robe ... mane of muss hair and close on a fade tattoo of a velvet buzzsaw on she neck as ... she talk to she phone ... use voice command to write a text ... rhodora / into phone aside from the peachy minkin sale Miami be really not a very great thriving market . brass tack we do not move one rubek . I know the London office have a hard - on for he but to my mind the last thing we need to waste time on be try to flog some pop art revival . ( read text , speak succinctly ) pop art . pop art . pop art . fuck I . rhodora spear a melon ball with a toothpick and CUT to mid - CITY apartment morf in he art-filled minimalist studio ... write on he laptop as ... a muscle man ( ed ) pass naked in the BC ... drape morf from behind ... read he in - progress review ... 18 . ed '' Star of the nova section be mertillae splude 's go- pro kindergarten , a inspire disquisition of early age experience . '' ed walk off ... ed get inspire and join I in the shower . morf regards ed naked from behind ... pull a cell photo of he and josephina hugging in Miami ... resume write and CUT to a sunny los angele STREET as the camera glide just above a crack sidewalk ... enter a three - story moorish apartment house dating back decade and ... we travel through the glass door .+. into a foyer ... past a row of mailbox as ... we rise up a shabby stairwell to the second floor ratty carpet and wallpaper lead down a hall where josephina 's see leave she apartment ... lock it ... walk past in fashionable clothes as she talk on she cell ... josephina / into phone goddamn it ricky get you shit out by tonight or I swear I be throw it out . I do not want to see it when I get home . and put the key under the mat when you leave you fuck piece of shit . josephina hang up ... stop ... stare at a black cane on the stair ... she look around ... glance up to see a old , gnarle hand poke through the third floor railing directly above she ... finger talon - like in a fist ... unmove and CUT to the haze gallery be a sprawling funhouse of contemporary art ... employees arrive for work ... head to back room and cubicle as 19 . the reception desk phone ring ... no one to answer ... bryson on a ladder ... repair a air vent as rhodora arrive ... rhodora ( to bryson , be : ringing phone ) who 's suppose to be here ? bryson josephina . she 's late . again . rhodora ( call the a young girl in back ) you , receco . take the reception desk . young girl ( hurry over ) it 's Coco , actually . rhodora walk away ... coco answer the ringing phone ... coco / into phone haze Gallery . can I help you ? hello ? no one there ... bryson look down from the ladder ... bryson hung up , huh ? the rich be impatient . ( coco ignore he ) I be really a artist you know . I help bandini do fruit Loop hippo . I glue all the fruit loops on . it 's at the Broad . I can get we ticket . coco trap ... bryson over she on the ladder and CUT to rhodora 's office rhodora watch a art video ... go - pro Pov of kindergariners playing on a schoolyard ... she cell ring ... answer ... rhodora / on phone when do you get back ? intercut -- more drive the MIRACLE mile in a mini - cooper morf / on phone last night , and I have solid confirmation that pier have leave you for jon dondon . rhodora / over phone I be go to get bored now . morf / on phone this feel huge to I , why would he go ? 20 . rhodora / over phone why ? why anything ? maybe I want he to leave . meanwhile I be signing new talent . more / over phone I hear you get damrish . he 's fierce . rhodora / over phone and this morning mertilla splude . morf / over phone we be on the same frequency , I swear . kindergarten go- pro 's gonna break big . rhodora / over phone you lip God 's ear . oh wait , in we world you be God . and I be run late . gotta go . rhodora hang up ... go out to the gallery as josephina arrive ... follow rhodora past contemporary art display ... josephina I be sorry . some random guy just like die in my building . rhodora ohmigod I really be so surprised . josephina no a neighbor actually die and I find the body . the cop could not locate any relative or friend or anyone so they make I stay while they do paperwork . rhodora bryson keep I up to speed on what go on around here . you chronic lateness . josephina bryson 's piss because he come on to I and I shut he down . he 's a flat - out creeper . rhodora well I can say the interest I have in you have wane . all we long talk about you struggle and grand ambition and then you insult my intelligent mind . josephina . some guy die on the stair . it just happen , they make I stay . be . rhodora I be move you back to the back . no client contact until you raise the quality bar on you performance . rhodora enter a glass - walled conference room where a dozen staff be gather as ... josephina remain outside and CUT to rhodora sit at the head of the table ... staff quieting ... rhodora do we have London , Berlin and Singapore ? a big screen split ... show gallery reps in other city ... rhodora so I know there 's be some pretty unsubtle anxiety about pier and what 's happen and I can tell you where we be now be he 's fle the coop for dondon . we be not about status quo , we overthrow it . so I have two new favorite artist I be all kind of happy to tell you about . josephina see walk off as ... we go through the glass wall ... gatch up to she as she pass bryson on the ladder ... josephina fuck you you fuck . josephina grab the ladder ... about to topple he ... stalk off and CUT to a wine cap be unscrewe ... cup fill ... josephina drink ... again ... sit at night under a bare light bulb as we widen to show josephina 's apartment be a two-room box ... Ikea piece ... curtain breath in and out with the breeze as ... josephina spy a pair of menus boxer drape on a door ... she angrily retrieve they ... grab a shopping bag ... collect man 's clothes and CUT to outside josephina 's apartment as she go out to a back alley ... throw the shopping bag of elothes in the garbage ... stop to see a truck positioning a demolition dumpster nearby ... truck driver emerge ... 22 . truck driver be this 1473 ? josephina yeah . they do work on the building ? truck driver empty a apartment . hoarder die . we be take it all tomorrow . inside josephina 's build josephina come up the stair ... reach she landing ... regards where she see the drop cane ... look up where she see the dead hand ... curious ... climb the stair to the third floor and josephina stare at the spot where the body be ... look down the corridor to a door at the end of the hall as josephina 's draw to a paint-chipped portal mark 3f ... josephina see its ajar ... grip the knob ... look in and ... pitch -black ... josephina flip a light switch to reveal a dimly - lit room shoulder-high in clutter ... 75 year of hoarding ... newspaper and magazine ... mound of loose string ... pile of pepto - bismol bottle ... a narrow lane lead inside and josephina enter ... dead moth outline a ceiling light as ... she thread past heaps of rag ... old , break toy ... a light draw josephina to the rear of the apartment and she enter a bedroom where a lamp illuminate a table pile with pencil nub and cracked watercolor ... wall see cover with art ...- shelve filled with picture and illustration ... myriad half -finished vision ... the dominant theme of the imagery be family ... parent and child ... playing ... protecting ... holding ... loving ... parent -child domesticity repeated in intricate pastiches made of clipping and painting ... dating back many decade ... josephina see a desk ... approach ... spy dozen of large , hand - bound leather folios ... josephina open one and 23 . we be look at she look at we ... expression of wonder and josephina 's Pov the folios trace a family saga ... beautiful ... stunning ... serene ... revelatory at time ... threatening at other ...« detailed ... obsessive ... set against los angele ... face always obscure ... human family sometime morphing into animal form ... a epic fevere fantasy from the subconscious realm ... josephina stunne ... turn page ... unblink gaze and CUT to a smudge of SUN rise against a white - sheet sky ... a demolition truck be park outside josephina 's build and CUT to josephina 's bathroom josephina apply make - up ... sees worker outside lug away arm-load and wheelbarrows of hoard clutter and josephina regards herself in the mirror , exit the bathroom ... pass a large pile of folios , scroll and painting she retrieve from the upstairs apartment ... josephina tuck a folio under she arm , leave , lock the door behind she and remain in the apartment with the art work ... view outside as worker discard a lifetime into the dumpster and CUT to 24 . josephina 's apartment build foyer josephina regards a rusty mail box mark 3f ... scrawle on the yellowing label ... = velril dease man 's voice do you know he ? josephina turn ... see a sport - jackete man behind she ... josephina no. man I be from perlack , we own the building . it 's a health hazard up there . man put on a mask ... climb the stair and CUT to a yoga CLASS let out ... sweat - sheen angelenos leave with mat ... hard - body morf among they ... josephina outside with the folio ... more hey ! I be so glad you call . I have hug but I be all sweaty . Love the jumper . cornsilk 's a great color for you . juice booth morf pay as they take they drink ... sit by a big mirrore bank window ... josephina hold the large leather folio ... more Miami be a revelation , let I just start with that . I do not know where I be with anything else in my life other than that I feel good with you . so much better and beyond good . I know it 's subjective and not a article of faith but it 's a myth that someone 's strictly straight or gay or bisexual mean be in denial . person - base attraction can override gender . I have searched for clarity and after Miami I can now say with absolute certainty that Ed 's a complete mistake and my emotional and physical feeling for you be congruent and unify . wow. hello . good morning . 25 . josephina I find something . more that 's what I be say . josephina pull the large , overflow folio ... morf open it ... stare at the image ... turn page ... morf who do this ? josephina what do you think of they ? more they be visionary . mesmeric . just a absolute incredible mix of medium . I be ensorcel . in the mirrore bank window behind they the reflection of a family be see ... suite father ... well ~ dressed mother and son ... there face down or obscure ... josephina you think there 's a market for it ? more massive . Beyond . who represent they ? josephina I do . in the mirrore window the father be see slapping he son and CUT to view from inside the bank there's no family making the reflection ... no onex there ... morf / heard through glass I be die with suspense , who be it ? camera pull back through the bank lobby ... through people ...» morf and josephina talk ... world pass and CUT to a mobile home live room where rhodora stand stare at a trailer park family ... father , mother , three kide ... freeze in front of a tube tv and carton of half - eat fast - food ... 26 . rhodora . it seem edgier at the biennale . be this the exact lighting ? a lighting tech appear from behind a wall ... look ... tech I think so . rhodora go check the specs . the tech depart to show ... it 's a installation in rhodora 's gallery ... rhodora alone with the lifeless family as a native american man silently appear behind she ... chain belt ... tatt -cover arm ... impose as ... rhodora turn ... face - to-face ... man I run the collective damrish belong to . rhodora I do not think collective have people in charge . do not that defeat the whole purpose ? man I represent he . rhodora use to . man we be building something apart from all this . he 's a crucial part of it . stealing damrish away could end we . rhodora he 's not a child . it 's he choice not mine , man stare before ... he leave and ... coco hurry in ... coco I try to stop he . rhodora you faile . coco wither ... back out ... rhodora alone with the faux mobile home family and CUT to 27 . rhodora 's gallery josephina in a back area for gallery operation ... peer at a spread-sheet on she computer ... drudge work as ... she sees coco return to the reception desk , shake and josephina get up ... make she way through a warren of cubicle ... pour a coffee ... come back to find ... bryson in she cubicle ... look through the large folio ... josephina what the fuck do you think you be do ? bryson what be this ? who be it ? josephina ( grab the folio ) that be under my desk , under my bag . bryson {not let go} I be look for tape and I see it . josephina this be harassment . bryson tell I the artist 's name . josephina what the fuck be wrong with you ? bryson I do more than just maintenance and pack . I be not a man of primitive skill . this shit talk to I . josephina yank the folio away ... bryson regard she ... disturb look ... wander away and hold on a large aerial photo of los angele on a wall behind her ... titled '' infrastructure '' as we zoom in on the west side of the CITY in the high - resolution photo ... zooming closer and closer on venice as the photo come to life «+ . moving traffic and people ... camera zeroing on a citroen «+». one continuous shot as we drop alongside to see ... jon dondon drive ... arrive at a SMALL venice beach warehouse ... security camera stare down ... press the intercom ... 28. jon dondon hey-ho , it 's jon . the gate open ... reveal pier wait outside with a great dane ... stand amid a collection of sport car as ... jon pull in ... emerge ... jon Studio visit . how exciting ! pier I can not stomach cheery or upbeat . I be not a idiot , remember that . jon I be honore to be you new representative and see what you have be up to . pier I x11 just bet you be . aw fuck it . pier walk to a building ... the great dane trail and CUT to inside the warehouse it 's a small factory ... a dozen artisan toil at long table ... pain -stakingly craft pier art product and close on the piece be reproduction figure from piers' etching ... made of different material ... ranging in size from key - chain to yard tall ... jon dondon so this be where the magic happen . pier that a joke ? jon dondon I be sorry ? pier this be the repros and replica . the studio 's back here . jon dondon follow pier past the art assembly - line and CUT to piersa studio be large ... nearly empty ... there 's a big tv with the sound off ... a basketball hoop and ... a bar stool face a easel hold a half - finished etching ... pier go to a barrel of basketball ... start shoot hoop as ... jon look around ... approach a tape - up ball of plastic on the floor ... 29 , jon remarkable . pier that 's not art . jon back away ... approach the half -finished etching on the easel ... regard it ... pier shoot basket ... pier well ? jon I be soaking it in . it 's thrill to see a work in progress . pier give I a truthful goddamn opinion of what you be look at . jon I see a line with you body of work . pier I be copying myself . jon it 's not copying if it 's you canon . I think you studio be downtown . pier too many addiction triggers . I have work here the last year . jon I would love to see the new work you have do since move . my team be gear up and ready to sell every new piece you have . pier hurl a basketball ... great dane retreate as ... jon look around ... realization hit ... this -- the half - finish etching on the easel -- be all pier have do ... jon I see . right . you have be gestate . pier that 's rich . no . that imply birth . idea come but they kill themselves as they appear , this be a slaughterhouse . pier stalk out ... jon alone with the great dane and CUT to 30 . moving citroen jon speed on a wide L.A. boulevard ... he cell ring ... jon / on phone gretchen , how be you ? intercut ~- gretchen in her sleek l.a.c.m.a. curator 's office gretchen / on phone well ? tell mar everything . jon / on phone revelatory . gretchen / on phone I do not know a soul who have a clue what pier have be up to , rhodora 's be so secretive . what 's he work on ? jon / on phone I can say he 's utterly consume . morf see at gretchen 's glass door ... wave hello ... gretchen / on phone you be a shark snatching he from rhodora and a rat for not share more . call the instant he have new work to show . kiss . hhang up , wave morf in ) I hear you be come by . more I be review you purlfoy exhibit . gretchen be kind , we membership 's plummete . more tell I something , have you ever hear of a artist name vetril dease ? d-e-a-s-e . gretchen no . more can you check ? gretchen type on she computer ... scroll a screen ... gretchen not in we record , and we have everyone . morf honey I need to bend you ear . ( close the office door ) 31 . gretchen I be leave to become a art advisor . I can not say for whom but I x11 be make enough to afford a terribly lovely car and garden . I come to the museum because I want to change the world through art but the wealthy vacuum up everything . except for crumb the best work be only enjoy by a tiny few and they buy what they be tell . so why not join the party ? morf and gretchen at a window ... museum visitor outside ... morf it 's everywhere now , the money question . gretchen in advance of my move I be very actively look for purchase for my new client . you might be interested to know I could provide to you a generous , untraceable reward for anything you steer I to in the realm of undervalue . pre-review perhaps . more why would you ...? I do not do that . gretchen what 's you arrangement with rhodora ? more none . gretchen then she busy prior to you favorable notice be utterly prescient . more this be my life . how I connect with some sort of spirituality and actual present . gretchen of course . more I assess out of adoration . I further the realm I analyze . gretchen forgive I . more fuck. 32 . gretchen kiss . gretchen air-kiss he and morf leave ... walk down a sterile hall line with contemporary art as ... camera track ahead of morf «+. move fast ... directly toward a painting and ... we pass through the framed piece of art ... instantly emerge into josephina 's apartment at night ... dease art spread everywhere ... scale of the painting , scroll and poster overwhelming ... music play as ... josephina pour a glass of wine ... unroll a mural - size piece of a looming couple ... see from a child vantage ... parent figure reaching down with large hand as a wind blow through the open window ... mural roll close ... parent 's hand seemingly encircle josephina as ... she pull away to see rhodora in the open doorway ... freeze by the art fill the room ... rhodora hell bell . josephina what be you do here ? rhodora spell -bound as ... josephina realize ... josephina bryson . rhodora ( the art ) I be a dish-rag . josephina I have to ask you to go . rhodora not if you have a gun . 33 . rhodora see in the bedroom ... dease art laid everywhere ... josephina it 's none of you business . rhodora actually it be . you sign a non-compete clause , which if you read you might remember be very much quite a lot broad than that . 's at a painting signature ) tell I all about vetril dease . his name be the tinsel on the tree . josephina silent ... rhodora do not make I pull some sort of heavy interrogation . right now it 's just you and I with all we active friendship and love for each other . now how do you get all this ? josephina he live upstairs . he die . rhodora when do he pass ? josephina yesterday . rhodora that be the body you say you find . some random old guy , no family or friend . I forget to feed the cat but that be how you put it . I will not bother with the obvious question but you must have some giant plan . well I invent do - it- yourself , go back to my punk day , and short of some sad piddle about you be in way over head , doll . you have to archive and catalogue and establish ownership and of course monetize . I be willing to do all that for a reasonable percentage . you can engage I in a endless lawsuit or we can become rich and I ’1l1 teach you on the way . so that 's decide . now who else know any of this ? 34 . josephina I show one of the folio to morf . rhodora be you two actually some sort of item ? josephina we be figure it out . rhodora his prominence as a art critic do not guide you feeling at all I be sure . I be only just now start to get you . do you tell morf how you obtain this ? josephina no . I want he opinion . he do some research and learn he 's never show . rhodora ( peer at a painting ) a find artist par excellance . we're look up at rhodora stare down at we ... rhodora there be a God . rhodora shutting the folio ... black screen ... silence and whoosh as the folio 's open and the world reappear ... we be ina lawyer' office ... spectacle attorney hover over we ... attorney we can claim the property be abandon if she say she find it in the dumpster . second attorney come into frame ... stare down at we ... attorney # 2 and take step to find a rightful owner . third attorney appear ... look at we ... attorney # 3 first report be that he have no heir . attorney # 2 could the apartment building make a claim ? 35 . third attorney lift the folio to the light ... angle view revealing josephina at a conference table in the bg ... josephina the salvage guy say they be junking everything . I mean it take I hour to carry it all down into my apartment . there be just so much of it . attorney # 3 you retrieve the art from the trash , not from he apartment . this be important . remember back , you find it in the dumpster , be not that what happen ? josephina the dumpster . yeah , I remember now . attorney shutting the folio ... black screen and whoosh as the frane unroll to a rectangle and ... we be look into rhodora 's office ... rhodora and morf study we ... morf critique be so limit and emotionally drain . I always want to do something long - form , beyond opinion . dip my toe into a exploration of origin . the metamorphosis of spirit into reality . how essence negotiate form . I never have the vehicle until now . a artist toil in the recess , discover in death . I want to start research immediately . rhodora there 's timing . mesh with we extensive marketing plan , which we have not get to yet . more I be willing to write the exhibit brochure , that give instant weight to the launch . in return I want exclusive rights to a book and several piece . rhodora well that sound swell . so what 's this I hear that you and Ed might be split ? that would be a shame , he 's a keeper . morf I be not aware you be acquainted . 36 . rhodora we meet at a function once . more I think you know I have meet someone else . morf roll the scroll close ... black screen ... building sound of heavy metal and power tool as whoosh and we be a square frame look into the upstair of rhodora 's gallery ... enormous number of dease's store ... bryson finish building a frame ... heavy metal play as he take a dease ... stare at it ... set it in the frame ... cover it with a clothe and ... black screen as whoosh a woman archivist peer at we through a illuminate magnify lens ... fascinate by what she see ... jotting note as ... the archivist 's phone ring ... answer ... archivist / on phone hi , it 's gita ... well I be catalogue he material and run spectrum on he paint and it 's the damndest thing , I do not even know how to account for it ... archivist / gita leave the room to continue the call ... turn the light off ... black screen and whoosh as we be in studio ... view through various frame of rhodora and some of she stare staff as ... we be photograph ... flash ... flash ... flash ... time accelerate as the camera flash become strobe - like and whoosh as we be a frame be carry through rhodora 's gallery ... see preparation for the dease exhibit as ... we be set down near the reception desk ... coco swamp by ringing phone ... cocco / into phone haze Gallery please hold ... haze Gallery please hold ... haze Gallery please hold -- coco press the next phone button ... about to speak when she overhear rhodora on the line ... speak with a man ... 37 . rhodora / overheard on phone you be sure it 's the same dease ? man / overheard on phone I have he record in front of I , I also contact the institution . rhodora / over phone send they over and wash you hand of it . and double you bill , a worker approach the reception desk and ... coco go back to the line that be hold ... coco / into phone haze Gallery , can I help you ? the worker turn we against the wall ... black screen and whoosh as we be a frame look into morfus bedroom ... night ... morf at he desk ... frame dease on the wall before he ... photo of dease's work everywhere ... note spread around ... morf type as ... he narrate what he write ... morfus voice vetril dease appear first in a 1939 Los Angeles court document . cite cruelty beyond the bound of humanity , child protection service remove vetril from he abusive father and place he in the good templars orphanage in South vallejo . and pass over morf 's desk ... look at 1930s court record -.. old photo of the austere good templars orphanage ... more 's voice at 18 dease be put on the street where he find work as a sign painter . shortly after , he disappear from all city and state record for three decade , suddenly resurfacing on the payroll of the sawtelle veteran 's Hospital , where he be employ as a janitor for 42 year . move to a old newspaper photo of the veteran 's hospital centennial ... group of employee gather and close on a blurry man in the back row , wearing a janitor' uniform ... 38 . more 's S voice dease live a monk -like existence outside he work , use he minimal wage to pay for a four- decade fixation explore the bond , fragility and terror of childhood . look at scan of dease art ... always the same familial theme «+ '' parent and child ... beauty ... love ... abuse ... morfus voice remove from establish art circle , vetril create a pictorial saga with no apparent regard of commerce or recognition . his epic work , at time accompany by text , track a family tear by the conflict between innocence and evil , frequently depict infant and child endangered by that entrust with they care . come around morf ... examine he closely as he write ... morfus voice dease 's world appear hermetically seal , the geography be a amorphous suburban landscape with glimpsis of industry and a mountain retreat call Lake of constance , a well - spring from which creativity seem derive . linger on a dease scan showing the family beside a stunning lake ... its mirrore calm reflect a transcendent sunset ... morfus voice dease use a highly unique pastiche process to create a realm where youth struggle to survive in the penumbra of adult , whose action often seem contradictory , threaten and violent . morf stretch ... get naked ... join josephina in bed ... more 's S voice Children in dease 's world be hardly benign , however , as authority figure guilty of abuse suffer hallucinatory , other - worldly punishment , often at the hand of child - animal hybrid . 39 . we angle to a dease scan depict a suburban kitchen at night ««.- dim light ... father figure cowbring in a corner of the room ... be mauled by shadow child as morf kill the light ... darkness and ... we view suddenly return ... eerily infrare as we watch morf and josephina in bed ... kissing ... feel ... josephina ricky have a exhibition Friday . he 's a hack , a bearded downtown poser . thing get heat ... morf into it as ... she stop ... josephina he have not have like a original idea in he life . he steal from everyone . I want you to give he a bad review . two of they see in infrare ... body entwine ... morf you be serious ? josephina yeah I be serious . go to ricky 's show . see for yourself how much he suck . then do what you do . for I . josephina climb on he ... kiss he and ... black screen as ... crowd sound filter in ... evant overhear and ... the black be pierce by a SMALL frame offer a window into rhodora 's gallery at the dease exhibit open ... frame of different shape and size come to life ... give view into the art gala pack with ... hundred of wealthy and famous and hip and CUT to inside the party Gallery fill with different size framed piece by dease as ... rhodora and josephina be see across the room talk to a couple ... they conversation oddly hear over other ... 40 . raodora he come from nowhere , know no one and if we industrious josephina here have not be so observant the poor soul 's work would have be throw away and he would 's have be consign to oblivion . josephina I spot it by a street light over a dumpster , traverse the party from a silent , unseen person 's Pov ... reach rhodora and josephina and the couple ... man approximately how many piece be there ? rhodora unfortunately mister dease 's output be the opposite from what one would call prolific . josephina shoot rhodora a look ... rhodora and he 's certainly not make any more . woman there 's one we be very interested in . rhodora dust know demand have people ready to kill . gretchen approach ... rhodora fetchen . gretchen ( air kiss , pull rhodora aside ) before the sublime the whole body quiver . rhodora at this price you museum 's lock out . gretchen I just yesterday leave the museum . so I can speak freely now . I be a advisor for a private buyer . 4l . rhodora whom ? gretchen we friend who buy sphere . rhodora how hilarious for you . gretchen in that capacity I have my eye on several of the large format product for he . rhodora well the sale staff have be busy beaver . everything 's on reserve . gretchen perhaps we would pay a premium . rhodora that do not butter the biscuit . gretchen what would ? rhodora i’1l sell you two dease if you buy three piece at damrish 's open next month . gretchen I do not know if my client will respond to damrish . rhodora you be the advisor . advise . we leave rhodora ... hovering through the crowd ... enter a side room to find damrish alone on a sofa ... stare at a dease as pier sit down beside he ... the two of they stare as ... a waiter enter ... circle and ... pier suddenly grab a drink ... throw it back as ... damrish fire a joint ... both utterly absorb by the dease and we follow the waiter into the MAIN room ... find rhodora work the crowd as ... josephina approach ... take she aside ... 42 . josephina what do you mean he output be the opposite of prolific ? rhodora if debeer release all they diamond they have be cheap as cut glass . do not they teach any of this in art school ? josephina how many be we say he make ? rhodora they value be they scarcity , there 's no stockpile for future sale . so it 's not what we say . it 's reality . josephina the reality be we have over 3000 piece store upstairs . rhodora that 's nonsense . why I would doubt if it 's practically even half that number . josephina what have you do ? rhodora remove they from circulation . lock they away for some rainy day . rhodora be encircle by chatty hipster as ... josephina angrily angle through the pack room ... pass morf ... more hey , I want you to meet josephina - ~- josephina do not stop as ... we stay on morf talk to two more josephina just make partner here so she 's super busy bring dease to the world . be not it exhilate to see something substantial , I mean other than celebrity tattoo artist and balloon for painting tool . I be write a book about he . woman # 1 I just loathe you ricky blane review yesterday . I think he show be inspire . 43 . more I do not get it I suppose . woman # 1 I feel we see totally different exhibit . morf well even a bad review 's better than sink into the great glut of anonymity . woman # 2 be that a joke ? more not that I be aware of . woman # 2 ricky get drunk and crash he car last night . he 's in a coma . woman # 1 I hear he be crush . more by the car ? woman # 2 you review . the women meet a group of german ... drift off ... leave morf surround by people ... alone ... absorb the news and ... we move from he ... travel above head and hairdos ... down a back hall where we swiftly ascend a staircase to find josephina key -code a security door ... open it and CUT to the upstair storage room where bryson work ... josephina turn on the light ... look around to see empty storage space where the dease piece be keep ... josephina realize a large number be gone as she kill the light ... leave and 44 , stay in the room ... spill light illuminate a frame dease on bryson 's work bench as ... camera track ahead ... racing through the framed piece ... instantly emerging and we be look through a giant frame 50 feet above sunset boulevard ... night traffic pass below as bryson 's pick - up truck appear ... heavy metal hear play from the open window and reverse to show a big billboard face the boulevard ... 50 foot up ... display a stylize photograph of a model - waif stand beside her mirrore twin ... a logo read forever 21 as ... bryson 's pick - up drive by and close on a dozen crate mark haze gallery stack in back as ... bryson 's truck pass and ... hold shot ... beat before we suddenly see the billboard twins suddenly change ... expression curling from smile to frowns to FURY and CUT to aerial bryson 's truck as it leave L.A. ... drive into the less - develop outskirt of the city and CUT to moving pick - up truck crates slide side - to-side in the truck bed as the truck ascend a high mountain road ... middle of nowhere and we go through the rear into the cluttere cab ... heavy metal music loud here as ... bryson drive ... wear a mecadeath countdown to extinction world tour t-shirt and ... extreme close up on 45 . a AIR freshener dangle from the mirror ... a scenic photo show a field of wild flower as we see the field of flowers blacken ... darkness ink the scene and bryson glance from the road ... see the now black AIR freshener and notice a repulsive scent ... pull it from the mirror «.. regard it ... unsure ... he power down he window and throw it out ... smell remain as he light a cigarette ... glow of the lighter give a glimpse of himself in the rear view mirror as the ghostly apocalyptic scene on he t-shirt begins to move ... coming to life as bryson hold the lighter close to see gruesome shifting scene animating he f-shirt ... hellish figure coming to life on he chest as ... bryson tug the shirt off and ... lighter catch clothe ... flame spread across fabric ... unnaturally fast ... bryson descend the mountain road ... try to steer ... ripping the shirt away ... wildly patting scorched skin as bryson ... frantic ... fishtail around a turn ... pumping the brake ... not working and CUT to aerial as the pick - up speed down a steep mountain road ... skidding serpentine corner and 46 . inside moving pick - up as bryson suddenly spy a ghostly father and son in the center of the road and ... bryson swerve ... skid around a curve as a old gas station sign come into view and bryson brake with both foot as the truck angle off the road ... skid across a dirt parking lot ... impact with the gas station ... AIR bag blown ... engine leaking as bryson climb out ... feel he head ... he 's bleed ... limping around ... mile from anywhere ... spie the crate break in back ... horde of dease piece reveal and ... wider to show the old run - down gas station 's close ... bryson pull he cell ... no service as ... he go around the building ... try the bathroom ... it 's lock and bryson grab a sledge hammer from the truck bed ... go to the bathroom door ... swing ... door smashing open and CUT to inside bathroom as bryson stagger in ... hit the switch ... stark light reveal a sink , urinal and stall ... bryson glimpsis he bloody face in the mirror ... splashes he face and scorched torso with water and ... bryson see he 's face to face with a old , plastic-protected print on the wall ... depict anthropomorphized dog working in a garage ... bryson drop he gaze ... splashes with more water ... not watch as the print morph ... dog turning into faceless child as Al . bryson start to settle ... head down and myriad hand thrust from the picture ... grab bryson ... yank he into and through the picture frame and CUT to outside the old remote gas station as the sign blink off ... darkness settles over the tableau ... subdued color band float on the horizon and dissolve to a contemporary painting with a identical palette as we pull back to show we 're inside a loud , luminous restaurant beside the broad museum ... art , food and beautiful people ... vine hang above a booth where morf and rhodora eat lunch ... more be you food salty ? mine 's over -salt . I have to update my Yelp review . so as I research this I be start to think dease do not simply use pastiche as a medium , he choose it to parallel depth of meaning . a way to emphasize theme . the write in he folio express a persistent and deep distrust of materialism . there 's a reverence for the sanctity and transformative power of art that run through all of he work , accompany by fury and disgust for the world of money . rhodora well the great one be usually off . more this be highly evolve . he 's railing against art be co-opt and corrupt for purely - commercial end . rhodora because the torture soul only know squalor . we believe all that when polly and I start in punk , crash in dirty rehearsal room , screwing anyone who have a bed . you can not live on sunshine . it be on that point polly and I parte . 48 . more I think I have be able to find more fact and biographical information but there 's @ 30 - year gap where he just disappear . when he resurface he 's a modern day hermit . the bottom line be I need more money for research . rhodora get a advance from the publisher . more I do . I spend it already . it be not enough to get to the heart of who dease be . look you want this to be good . rhodora I grasp the upside . whatever you need . more thank you . I hear jon dondon 's very upset at you about pier . Word be you very cleverly palm pier off on jon because he 's run out of creative gas . rhodora he 's forget he can fly . more jon be go to take the income from pier and knock you down to number two . rhodora man perish without a dream . well I have to go . we installer disappear and leave we all in a lurch , right when we be shipping out the dease exhibit busy . speak of , josephina do not come in today . morf she 's decorate the new apartment . rhodora welcome to the world of money . rhodora depart ... thread she way out as she cell ring ... rhodora / into phone hello ... where ? ... well be there any sign of he ? ... no , I be come down . I want to see what be recover . aq . rhodora push out the door ... disappear in the glare of outdoors and CUT to outside the dondon gallery with its clean , stark line as a armore van pull up ... worker emerge ... unlock the back and CUT to inside the jon dondon gallery basement as the worker carry a painting - size crate through the door of the vault ... fill with store art as ... we find jon oversee the work , speak on the phone in french ... jon on phone / subtitled french you dease just arrive ... I be check the condition now . worker power- tool screw ... reveal a large dease inside ... hidden - face family ... stunning ... moving ... jon on phone / subtitled french the painting 's fine , no transport damage . you can store it in we vault as long as you wish , it 's a service we offer we superior client . my pleasure to help . the worker depart ... jon hang up ... alone in the vault with the dease as ... he lean in ... regards the painting closely and ... jon leave ... lock the vault ... walk by a exhibit room showing a video installation ... a 360 - degree projection of a cluttered attic ... as jon pass ... walk upstairs and into the gallery assistant you three o'clock 's here . interview for the archivist open . jon dondon 's office coco wait ... jon enter ... cast she a fast glance ... jon you be too young . coco I be 27 . 50 . jon the position require someone with year of experience . stop back when you be 40 . coco that 's it ? jon ignore she as ... coco set she resume on he desk ... head out ... pass through the gallery and ... jon you work for rhodora ? coco turn ... jon with she resume ... two of they frame by a desert mural of a glaring bright SUN over bleached bone ... coco just a few week , so the non-compete clause do not apply . jon she fire you . coco I be on a break . a man walk in and talk to she . she never let it go . about I , I work at the whitney , the ren . I have a mfa from Northwestern . jon you be there for the dease open . coco it be a zoo . jon you know how much she generate ? coco I see the number . jon the buyer list ? coco every name . jon very resourceful . coco I have learn you have to be . I overhear some interesting thing . about dease . 51 . jon I might have a open . come back to my office and tell I what else you hear . jon walk coco back and ... hold on the desert mural ... glaring SUN over bleached bone and CUT to a glaring SUN beat down on the l.a.c.m.a. parking lot as a new jaguar park and ... a expensively attire gretchen emerge ... don sunglass ... head to the museum and CUT to exhibit poster line a hall to l.a.c.m.a. 's executive office as ... gretchen pass ... enter a door mark curating and l.a.c.m.a , curating office gretchen face a museum curating man and woman across a conference table ... gretchen I do miss it here . the camaraderie . the purity of purpose . the Tuesday meatloaf at the cafe overlook the tar pit . gretchen enjoy she monied return ... museum curating man and woman find smile ... gretchen well on to vetril dease . in the United federation of the Universe I doubt there 's a hotter artist at the moment . do you know since the exhibit open he 's actually trending on twitter ? museum curating woman we be interested in show he . gretchen it 's quite rare to be present the moment something be pronounce great , and rarer still to have access to the work . museum curating man how many piece be we talk about ? gretchen I can supply two own by my client , large - format , landmark product , and another 10 on loan from the haze gallery . I be offer all for immediate display . 52 , museum curating man send dimension and jpeg for the group and we can aim for a slot next season . gretchen I want they exhibit asap . Main hall , new wing , event marketing . museum curating woman you know we have a process gretchen . gretchen I have a glorious concept to support my former employer and supposedly premier contemporary art museum in Los Angeles with the first show of a dease . museum curating man we appreciate the significance . we also appreciate the financial benefit to you and you client to have they show here , but there 's the issue of space . gretchen move banyo 's horse penis or the jewele vagina . put one inside the other for all I care . there 's tax issue and my client want he dease exhibit immediately . now in return for my very generous offer I also want minkin 's sphere to be show . museum curating man come on gretchen , this be not a rug bazaar . gretchen no , it 's a equation with a solution at the end . if you can not grasp that there 's other museum I assure you that will . hard beat ... gretchen stare the curating duo down and CUT to police impound yard as rhodora and josephina circle bryson 's totalled truck ... accompany by a detective ... detective it look like he run head - on into a gas station out in Angeles National Forest . the place have be close for year . rhodora what cause the crash ? 53 . detective do not know . there be no sign of alcohol or drug . we think he must have hit he head and wander off . the park service be search the area . it 's easy to get lose out there . rhodora what be recovare ? detective we put it in the back . rhodora , josephina and the detective look in the back where some tool ... food wrapper ... old clothes be see ... josephina that 's all you find ? detective the vehicle might have be vandalize before we locate it . the stereo 's miss . be there anything of value you know be inside ? rhodora not that I be aware of , no . josephina meet rhodora 's gaze and CUT to minute later rhodora and josephina walk through the impound yard ... surround by crash vehicle as they head for they car ... josephina where do he go ? where 's the art ? why would you trust he in the first place ? rhodora I do not tell he what be in the crate . all he have to do be deliver they to a warehouse in lancaster . josephina he 's take they . he 's gonna start sell they himself . this shit go sideways and I be tell you straight up , I will say this be all you idea , I have nothing to do with it . josephina climb in she new bentley ... rhodora approach she chauffeure sedan ... driver hold the open door ... 54 . rhodora you can wait inside . he get in the sedan ... rhodora pull she cell and close on rhodoram phone as she speed-dial ' bryson 's ... get a recording and ... rhodora / into phone listen to I you son of a bitch . be you try to strong - arm I ? Cash in on you own ? where the hell be you ?! call me. rhodora hang up ... get in she sedan and CUT to wilshire corridor Canyon of high -rise building at night as camera angle up to ... @ glow penthouse in the sky and CUT to penthouse apartment where a beautiful dease hang in a soar , barely furnish live room as ... we move through the luxe apartment ... past another dease in a hall ... music hear as we travel a richly carpete corridor to reach the master bedroom where a large dease hang above a sleigh bed ... depict thanksgive dinner ... father carving a turkey ... wife and two child watching ... face turned or obscure as music draw we attention toward the bathroom where josephina towel off ... naked ... song play as she turn and ... morf be stare ... hand go around she ... more I come at the right time . josephina no no no , not now , I have a lot to do . more it 's not for three hour . josephina it will take that long for mar to get ready . morf kissing she ... josephina look at herself in the mirror as he do ... pull away ... 55 . more it 's just a fund raiser . josephina there 's go to be picture . we first time out . this be super important to I . you really do not know girl at all . more what 's that suppose to mean ? josephina we take longer . more I know enough to know how to please you . josephina I do not say you do not . more unless you be act . josephina you always get I off . do not get all hurt . I x11 make it up to you tonight . josephina work on she hair ... morf go into the bedroom ... josephina we be a power couple , baby . I want to look good . I find a sick dress . morf regards the new furniture ... morf this sofa 's completely too small for the ceiling height . it swim in here . morf stare at the dease over the bed ... more I be at rhodora 's catalogue painting for the book . something do not add up . josephina what 's that ? more either someone make a typo or more than half of he work be go . josephina freeze ... stare at herself in the mirror ... 56 . josephina there be a new girl who logge they wrong . they be all there , trust I I would know . hey I get some great champagne in the fridge . open it while we get ready . morf head for the kitchen ... josephina turn up the music , do she hair and close on dease painting over the bed ... father' hand rising slightly «+e set to strike he son ... paint drying and cracking ..» locking he in place and CUT to cracked paint cling a old victorian chapel at the sprawling grounds of the sawtelle veteran 's home Santa Ana wind blow ... blustery day as morf park outside the administration build and CUT to inside veteran 's administration build morf talk to a administrator in the institutional office ... more the deeper I go the farther away I seam to get , as in who vetril dease be at he core . so you be he boss and interact with he on a daily basis , well I be sure you understand how valuable you impression would be . administrator stare ... more what kind of employee be he ? administrator 42 year he never miss a day of work . more what about he personality ? administrator I be not go to speak badly of he . more would you have reason to ? administrator silent ... 57 . more if you do have reason why would not you ? I mean he 's dead . administrator ... blank stare ... push a file to morf ... administrator employment history , as request . you ean see where he work . take nimitz to patton to grant . last building on the leave . that 's it then . moving mini - cooper morf drive the forget , far-stretch facility ... old vets spy on bench ... in wheelchair as morf pull up to a gothic cement structure and exit the car ... look up at a tall chimney and CUT to inside cement structure as morf open a door ... enter the bunker- like building ... dark ... industrial ... dominate by a large , blaze furnace ... morf look around as a figure in a janitor 's uniform emerge from the shadow ... carry a large wrench and ... morf jump when he see hin ... more sorry . God . I do not see you there . hi , I be morf vandewalt . the man 's big ... grease-stain overall ... go to a ancient pump on a work table ... more I be here research vetril dease . man use the large wrench to muscle a freeze bolt ... more I be write a book about he . janitor what for ? more he 's become a prominent artist . in the outsider school . do you work with he ? janitor 18 year . 58 . morf it would be extremely helpful if we could arrange a time to talk in - depth . the man register pure exertion ... all of he focus on the bolt ... morf you see I have so many question and there 's so few people who either know he or be willing to speak . you boss for example . janitor he do not like be take advantage of . morf I see . so you be say he stand up for himself ? as in he have a strong sense of fair play ? janitor as in you do not fuck with he . the bolt suddenly shear ... wrench whipping back ... slamm the man 's hand ... man double in pain ... more can I help ? can I get anything ? man clutching he curl hand ... world of pain ... glance around the shadow , industrial space ... man I get nothing more to say . and tell the other damn fella . more who ? man one who come around yesterday . morf I do not know who that would be . man go to a cluttere desk ... sweeping tool aside ... shove morf a business card that read ray ruskinspear private investigator retired l.a.p.d. 59 . the man stalk off ... disappear in the shadowy back and CUT to dondon gallery at night ... close ... light in a upstair office and CUT to dondon gallery painting and sculpture in darkness ... across the gallery we see ... jon dondon in he office with a man ( ray ruskinspear ) as we overhear ... ray ruskinspear dease live completely off the grid . no bank account , car , license . I could not even find a usable photo . but you tip about a institutional stay pay off once we searched the deeper database . we 's re push though the gallery ... toward jon with ruskinspear ... ruskinspear we try the name vetril Raymond dease and it flagge nada in term of any biographical info , however put he middle name Raymond first uncover the reason for he live as he do . ruskinspear hand jon a file mark ruskinspear & assoc ... ruskinspear Raymond dease suffer some sort of breakdown in he early 20 . apparently he track down he father and murder he . the detail be in the court record there . dease spend 30 year ina psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane . when he be release he move to L.A. , change he first name to vetril , get a job at the veteran 's home and disappear . jon you be absolutely sure of all this ? ruskinspear the fact be the fact . jon study the dease file and CUT to 60 . the dondon gallery foyer be dark as jon unlock the main door for ruskinspear to go ... jon this will kill sale of dease 's work . I be go to release it in the next few day . i'11 need you to speak to the press , attest to you credential and the authenticity of what you have find . until then not a word to anyone . I x11 contact you on the timing . ruskinspear shake hand ... leave and ... jon lock the door ...- stand in he dimly light gallery ... dance in the dark with the file and CUT to dondon storage vault jon in the basement space ... lock the file away ... pull he cell phone ... dial ... reach someone 's voice mail ... jon / into phone hil morf , it 's jon . call I as soon as you can . I have something I think you will be very interested in . ciao . jon hang up ... sees the dease painting in the shadow ... jon regard it in the dark as ... he suddenly hear a noise ... look to see a figure mop the dimly light basement hall ... janitor coverall , head down ... jon Excuse I , this be not clean day . figure work in the gloom ... jon hoy no es dia de limpieza . close on the figure 's old and wear overall ... a fade patch read ... good templars orphanage 61 . jon see the figure mop he way to the dark video installation room and go inside ... glow suddenly come to life within ... — jon hey ! you can not turn that on . hello ? jon stalk from the vault ... enter the video exhibition room three wall show video projection of a cluttered garret attic e«e dirty window in the projection give a glimpse of a rural scene outside .-. real object be space around the room ...~ furniture ... scatter clothes ... general clutter as jon come in ... look around ... janitor not see ... jon hello ?! jon go deeper into the room ... looking behind a chest ... stacked box ..- no one there as ... he turn to see the doorway he come through have become part of the video ... four wall now showing the 360 - degree projection of a eerie attic as jon search where the door be ... unsure as he turn to see the attic have become real ... real floor ... real ceiling ... crammed with real , dusty clutter as jon thread he way through the accumulated debris ... increasingly concerned ... searching for the door as jon suddenly hear a noise .». some unseen moving thing ... jon back away ... kick a old projector ... powering up and grainy home movie project on a wall ... family scene ... tranquil at first ... happy ... become image of trauma as jon stumble to the dusty attic window ... sees a hunched figure mowing a dead lawn and jon pound the window ... 62 . try to break the glass ... the figure look up ... ferocious feature ... the attic dim as jon feel frantically to get out and he's suddenly snatched upward into the dark ... velvet slipper feet kicking wildly in mid - AIR ... the attic bulb blow and darkness descend as we dissolve to morning outside the dondon gallery ... pedestrian head to work as ++. coco arrive ... unlock the gallery door ... go inside and hold as the world turn ... city noise the soundtrack and a muffled shriek be hear ... no one notice over the urban thrum as we CUT to jon dondon hang in the downstair video installation room ... electrical cord dig tightly into he neck as ... coco flee the scene ... past a abstract sculpture ... run up the stair and ... hold on the sculpture as we dissolve to the statue of a head - bowed angel on one of the myriad headstone dotting forest lawn cemetery 's S sun-drenched lawn ... serene beat as ... we see a gathering of people on a hilltop and CUT to 63 . jon dondon 's funeral be about to begin ... several hundre hip , artist - world mourner gather as we find more and josephina be ushere to seat near the front ... morf what 's with this cheesy organ music ? and that casket . what color be that ? smog orange ? do they buy it on sale ? josephina not so loud . more seriously , imagine have to spend a eternity in that . josephina Jesus nothing 's good enough with you . more I be selective , that 's my job . what be you even say ? toss out taste and standard ? whisper the truth ? what kind of tragic world would that be ? morf and josephina sit ... morf check text on he phone as ... josephina see she 's seat beside damrish ... josephina oh hif I be josephina , I work with rhodora . I be a partner at the gallery . damrish damrish . josephina of course . I be just such a huge fan of you work . I do the dease collection . damirsh it 's other - worldly . josephina smile as ... cloudio appear ... stare at morf ... cloudio you review of hoboman kill the sale . instead of be show it 's gather dust at a storage facility . more I be not you mouthpiece . rhodora walk past and 64 . follow she as she ... see pier ... look like shit ... rhodora we compete for everything but I absolutely despise be here for this . I mean what the hell be he face ? to do something like that ? pier he seem he usual shallow self the last time we speak . I be drink again . rhodora happy day . pier with jon go I have nowhere to show now . rhodora if you start produce again we could discuss a return . give a jingle if you inspire yourself . rhodora sit front row ... a dondon employee arrive ... dondon employee this be for family and friend only . rhodora jon start at my gallery . where the hell else would I sit ? the music end ... a stylish clergyman face the gather ... stylish clergyman we be all curator of we own life . we choose . we prioritize . we display . and by do we announce ourselves and belief . jon 's philosophy be reflect in he gallery , the number two contemporary art retailer in L.A. quite a achievement for a financial analyst with no art education or background . morf glance away ... regards a nearby headstone and a bronze sculpture of a woman in mourning ... a breeze blows and ... her metal veil ripples like fabric and morf react ... peer ... metal now unmove ... morf look around to see if anyone else see and CUT to 65 . gretchen 's dress billow as she walk with morf and rhodora ... morf jon call I that night and leave a message that he have something he want to tell mar . he seem just incredibly excited , I mean so far from depressed . gretchen we share the same pharmacologist . poor dear probably go off he med , suffer some sort of episode . rhodora . on or off med I never once know he to catch even a glimmer beyond he own self - importance . my money it must have be some auto-erotic fantasy go astray . more I find the timing of it just utterly bizarre give he call to I . I contact the police , zero interest . gretchen move forward it 's hard to imagine he gallery continue . I suppose they 'il be force to liquidate he entire holding . have anyone hear mention of that ? rhodora careful gretch , you be walk on grave . gretchen 's veer off ... step over grave enclosure ... gretchen my jag 's this way . final prep tomorrow night for the dease exhibit at l.a.c.m.a . no advance press , we be go to be - enchant the art world . kiss . gretchen go ... morf walk on ... see rhodora 's stop behind he ... stare out at the sloping hill cemetery ... rhodora polly 's bury down there . more polly Anna ? 66 . rhodora she odeed in Hollywood , she family put she here . God that 's 30 year ago . polly be the real deal . she belong in a lichen - cover crypt at pére lachaise , next to morrison and wilde . a cloud pass ... rhodora continue down the hill ... morf be you aware the police have officially list you installer as miss ? rhodora well you know l.a , , it just swallow people up . more I want to talk to he about the miss dease painting . rhodora dosephina say she discuss this with you . it be a clerical error . morf I find storage invoice that indicate otherwise . be you stockpile they ? rhodora fess up , exactly what be I help pay for you to write ? morf I think you have want to get to the bottom of it . rhodora I see it as a sort of coffee table thing , create to raise the value of the art . more I be sense a bigger story here . rhodora do not try to tart this up or I ’1l1 bar the rights for all dease image and repros . would not be much of a book then would it ? morf see josephina with damrish ... laugh ... phone out ... exchange number ... rhodora follow morf 's gaze ... rhodora you girl 's get the hot for artist . 67 . rhodora continue down to she car ... morf watch josephina and damrish ... crying angel headstone behind he and CUT to rhodora 's car wind through the cemetery ... stop and rhodora exit with a bouquet ... walk amid headstone to a unimpressive plaque with weed crowd in ... etched in brass we see poll® , ana rhodora set she flower down ... tug away some of the overgrown grass and CUT to bruegal 's 16th century '' the fight between carnival and lent '' and its grim representation of village life ... people show as grotesque allegory of greed or gluttony and CUT to bosch 's 17th century '' a violent forcing of the frog '' present a vision of break human ... torture by hybrid - human / animal summon into the physical realm and CUT to fuseli 's 18th century '' nightmare '' depict a haunt evocation of a woman asleep ... demon on she chest ... horse head emerge from darkness and CUT to blake 19th century '' nebuchadnezzar '' show a mad king crawl like a beast ... tangle beard sweeping dirt ... talon nail ... eye of terror and CUT to munch 20 th century '' the scream '' dominate by a agonize form ... ear block against some infinite , nature -distort cry and CUT to rapid -fire image of art through the age ... recur imagery ... conflict between human and force summoned from the subconscious and CUT to josephina penthouse 68 . in the dead of night as we see ... photo-scan of the famous painting spread on morf 's increasingly cluttere desk ... scope of he research clearly expand ... dease's art work mix among the historical artwork as ... animal noise bleed in and pull back to show morf and josephina in bed ... josephina on all four ... morf behind she .. mid - act ... mechanical quality as ... josephina Jesus do you take viagra or something ? morf almost there . josephina I be go on my back . more no . josephina I can not stay like this . josephina roll ... morf adjust ... keep go ... josephina open you eye . morf do ... find himself look at the dease painting above the bed ... dimly see in the dark ... josephina I be down here . morf stare at the painting ... hard to see in the black as the carving knife in the painting seem to slash before he and ... morf fall back ... completely freak ... josephina goddamn it . josephina get out of bed ... go into the bathroom ... morf I do not know what 's go on . josephina we get a fuck problem . literally . morf no. I be see thing . thing move . seriously I be really scared . 69 . josephina I be turn on by you passion and listen to you intelligent mind but now you have turn into I do not know what . you review have fall off and you still have feeling for Ed , admit it . more I do not have feeling for ed. josephina gretchen run into he and he say you and he be talk and be work it out . morf Ed 's a big liar and gretchen 's a bitch . josephina I check you phone , you make six call . more he be move out , we be coordinate . what do you mean my review have fall off ? josephina you eye , you edge . it make sense , you do not know what you like or even want . morf what do you mean ? i’1l tell you what I do like -- ricky 's blane 's show . but you jamme I to crush he . josephina do not lay that on I . like he be you first bad review . gimme a break . morf I be say I regret it , not that I blame you . you help discover a part of I I never know and it 's astonish to I . I think I have be stare too long at the dease art and all he material . I be get my vision check . this 'il pass . hey , listen to my intelligent mind . morf embrace she ... josephina embrace he ... not as tight ... morf look at the dease painting and CUT to piersa artist compound where piersa car collection gleam in L.A. sun ... a driver lounge outside rhodora 's park limo and CUT to 70 . inside piersa studio as we find rhodora stand in the center of the space ... studying a series of canvase we do not see as ... pier watch expectantly nearby ... great dane at he foot and ... charge beat before ... rhodora I be not pickle . pier ... deflate ... die ... great dane slinking away ... rhodora it 's a small step I suppose . toward something . but let 's talk turkey . what be you afraid of ? ( come close ) we go way way back so I be go to share with you a little something something . '' dependency murder creativity . Creativity play with the unknown . no strategy exist that can enclose the endless realm of the new . only trust in yourself can carry you past you fear and the already know . to create you have to mova toward what you can not see and urge it into be . '' polly Anna , 1978 , scrawle on a paper bag I find clear out she apartment . pier stare ... rhodora I want the deep , unchain part of you . I love you that much . you need to get away from here , from all this . take a break . use my house in Saint Bart 's . stay there until you do something for nobody but yourself . pier ... take it in ... nod ... watch she leave ... see through the window get into she limo and CUT to more 's S eye fill screen ... stare at we ... blink and wider to show doctor 's office as morf have a eye exam ... doctor peer in he iris through a magnivisor ... flipping the lens ... check a chart ... 71 . doctor you acuity 's actually improve since you last prescription , refraction unchange , perimetry response excellent . I do not see any cause for concern . more I be hope you have find something . to explain what 's happen . doctor the phantom movement . more I think I have Charles bonnet . hallucination , vision , move object . doctor you have be on the internet . it 's highly doubtful in the absence of other factor . let 's schedule another appointment for next week , during which you keep a journal note the time and circumstance of any new event . I dilate you eye , you have to wear this for a few hour . the doctor hand morf a tinted eye shield ... more this be heinous . more put they on and CUT to josephina phone ring in she hand ... caller i.d. read morf ... josephina him again . he call bomb you if you do not pick up . rhodora that 's a turn -on . josephina put the ringing phone in she bag and wide to show rhodora 's office rhodora and josephina mid-meete ... 72 . rhodora the guggenheim want four dease at a 30 percent discount , too high by half but I leak word we be talk to the tate so I expect movement there pronto . josephina I get a call from mana . they want two at 40 off but for the permanent collection . rhodora stall mana , I x11 counter with the tate . we will aim for the guggenheim at 20 . also I xva place a dozen of the smaller piece with minor museum , the list be there . josephina ( regard a paper ) this price be confirm ? rhodora I have personal connection with member of they board , all of whom have make private acquisition and understand the importance of building the brand . and that close phase one . no more dease sale for a half - year . josephina 's phone ring again ... she check it and ... josephina you make dease screen saver ? how would you put it on my phone ? through the gallery wireless ? josephina hold she phone up ... reveal a dease screen -saver of the sunset - tinged lake of constance rhodora damn it I do not okay that . rhodora pick up she phone ... dial a extension as ... the door open and gretchen stick she head in ... gretchen I be a tiger rely on sheep . the l.a.c.m.a. p.r. kit wound up here . I bring my new assistant to carry they , coco appear behind gretchen ... wave ... 73 . coco hi. ( rhodora and gretchen busy ) I know where they 's 11 be . ( no response ) well I guess I x11 just get they . rhodora / into phone who okay a dease screen saver ? coco leave ... josephina stand ... revealing outfit ... josephina I gotta go . gretchen you be show a lot of skin . rhodora / into phone well how be that possible ? I mean it just pop up on a phone . josephina how do I get it off ? gretchen see josephina 's dease screen saver ... gretchen now that 's marketing . I want one . how do I get it on mine ? rhodora ( hang up ) you do not . apparently we create no such app and if we have it would be impossible to download without the user 's request . charge beat before ... coco appear ... carry heavy box as ... josephina leave ... focus on she phone and CUT to outside rhodora 's gallery gretchen pop the trunk on she jag ... coco struggle to lift the box into the trunk as ... gretchen see josephina get into a car with damrish and CUT to l.a , freeway clogge with evening traffic as camera find gretchen 's jag inching along and CUT to 74 , inside gretchen 's moving jaguar as gretchen drive ... music play and ... she phone ring ... '' unknown number '' ... hesitate before press hand - free ... gretchen / over phone yes , who be this ? morf / over phone it 's I . intercut - morf drive he mini - cooper -- eye shade on gretchen / over phone how clever , you block you number . morf / over phone because you will not answer my call . morf have trouble see at night wear the eye-shade ... remove it as ... he 's immediately hit by the headlight of a pass car ... put it back on ... gretchen / over phone after you vile voice message yesterday you be surprised ? morf / over phone telling josephina I be see Ed ?! gretchen be that my crime ? morf / over phone we break up , I be coordinate he move out . honestly I expect a apology . gretchen / over phone Ed say precisely there be more to it than that , I merely pass it on . morf / over phone you be a joke . you have no credibility in any way . gretchen / over phone really ? well in that case I suppose there 's no truth whatsoever in you friend josephina sniff around damrish , whose car I just see she climb into . gretchen end the call ... turn up the music and CUT to 75 . inside more 's S mini~cooper as he pull to a curb ... angrily redial ... hold to hear gretchen / voice message this be gretchen , can not take you call . be a dear and leave a message . kiss . morf hang up ... exit he car ... adjust he eye shade as he enter a sleek , contemporary build and CUT to a lucien freud portrait unsettle ... penetrate ... full frame and wide to show archivist 's office where we see the dease be study ... freud portrait on a stand ... brightly light ... archivist from before peer at it as ... morf appear at the door ... eye shield in place ... more hi. gita ? archivist / gita yes . more I be morf -- archivist vandewalt . of course . I have read you for year . be that the new persol ? more yes , that 's right . ( be : painting on the stand ) that 's a - ~ archivist yes it be . more I have never see that one before . archivist no one have , it 's be in a crate since ' 92 . and go right back into one . most busy now be pure investment . I love you exhibit brochure on dease by the way . 76 . more thank you . as I say on the phone , I be expand it into a book . archivist there 's enough there for one . more you catalogue the collection pre-sale . archivist not catalogue . rhodora only want a overview so we just choose several dozen representative work . I identify convention , work flow , classification . more how many piece do you inventory ? archivist it be a object rich collection . more than 3000 ? archivist I could not hazard a guess , rhodora have the inventory worksheet I be sure . more there 's a discrepancy . archivist a full analysis of the catalogue would have take month , compound of course by dease 's distinct methodology . it be almost impossible to delineate between the work and what be underneath . morf what be underneath ? archivist entire other work . we only notice it when we scrape soma paint for analysis . his finish work be simply a surface cover myriad other depiction below . frozen beat ... morf peer over the eye shade and CUT to the life - size mammoth replica trap in the LA brea tar pit ... forever struggle ... l.a.c.m.a. in the bg against the night sky and CUT to 77 . inside l.a.c.m.a. gallery close for the night ... security guard make round through the vast contemporary art collection and CUT to l.a.c.m.a. curating office as gretchen pace in front of the curating duo from before ... gretchen minkin be culturally important by any standard , the apex of conceptual rigor . I have a entire list of dare curator panting to show he so I do not get you push - back on a minkin retrospective here in the fall of all he major work . curating man we already okay to show sphere in exchange for you bring in 12 dease . curating woman seriously , gretchen . it 's rude . and dumb . if you want to ram more of you collector 's hoard down we throat to increase they value you should have do so before the dease deal be lock , not the night prior to the exhibit 's open . gretchen I hear marketing have high hope for a travel dease collection , they have even run projection . I believe my leverage look ahead be considerable . curating man there 's absolutely no space in the fall to put on a minkin show . gretchen I be go to meet with you board tomorrow and suggest a reduction to the emerge artist exhibit , they do not sell any ticket anyway . curating woman over my dead body . l.a.c.m.a. gallery at night ... gretchen alone ... surround by a dozen large dease piece hang around the room as ... coco enter ... 78 . coco the hard copy p.r. material 's sort and the electronic kit get send at midnight . gretchen be here early . keep meat inform of any eelebrity or art star . coco if it 's all right with you I have like to go home and get a few hour sleep . gretchen they correct the lighting on sphere ? coco the side light , yes . I have they keep it 1it so you could see it on the way out . gretchen well run along then . coco good night . Coco depart ... gretchen regard the dease exhibit and we watch she through the frame of the dease art as she stroll the space ... we Pov moving frame to frame as she pass ... gretchen pause to peer at we ... leave the exhibit room as we break frame and ... follow she ... a float presence as gretchen walk through the wing of l.a.c.m.a. display ... alone with the vast display of contemporary art as ... she reach sphere in the center of a gallery room ... the big , mirrore ball dot with dozen of hole ... and the sign my furry animal like to be pet gretchen cast a eye to the lighting ... regards she 79 . distorted reflection in the mirrore sphere ... close now ... looking at the many hole ... hesitating before she choose one and put she hand inside the mirrore ball ... feel farther ... farther ++. up to she elbow now inside the art work unaware as ... a janitor appear in the dim bg ... working a polish machine and ... gretchen feel something within ... uncertain what it be ... pleasurable at first then ... sudden concern ... tugging to remove she arm and she can not ... gretchen try to extract she arm ... alarm by what she feel ... fear become panic as her arm be jerk deeper ... scream as she sees the janitor methodically move the polisher in circle past the entry ... gretchen help ! help mei ! for janitor pause ... good templars orphanage patch see ... faceless feature reveal as gretchen 's arm be yank fully into the hole ... body slam to the mirrore sphere ... scream ... no escape as ... blood splatter from the sphere 's many hole and CUT to 80 . inside l.a.c.m.a. as gretchen 's shriek echo through empty , art -fill hall ... and we CUT to a rising SUN struggle through morning fog as we pull back to show rhodora at she outdoor crush car table ... have she morning fruit «+. directly beneath the big steel slab sculpture dominate the back yard as ... she phone ring ... rhodora / into phone hello ... no ... when ? intercut - josephina in sunny penthouse above the cloud josephina / on phone this morning ! somehow she get stick inside of it , there be some kind of malfunction and I guess it like completely take she arm off and she ble to death . it be horrible . the security guard think it be part of a new installation so they just open up and let people in . intercut - l.a.c.m.a. security camera Pov of the sphere exhibit room ... gretchen 's body see splay over the big , mirrore globe ... pool of blood as we hear ... josephina / over phone the dease pop - up announcement be blast last night so everyone be head there . people just walk by like she be part a exhibit . museum-goers see on the silent security cam view ... walk past gretchen 's body ... not even pause to look ... josephina / over phone then a school tour come along . a group of kide enter frame ... circle gretchen 's body ... 81. josephina / over phone the kid think it be fake blood and start step in it and spread it around and who know how long it would have go on until Coco come in , on she way to do press for the dease show and she see gretchen and just lose it . coco see scream on the security cam ... kide and teachers stampede away as they realize it 's real and back to rhodora on the phone with josephina ... deeply shake ... josephina / over phone be you there ? rhodora ? rhodora / over phone I do not understand . bryson then jon and now gretchen ? what in God 's name be go on ? josephina / over phone I do not know . I mean we just see she last night . they shut that wing of the museum but I hear the dease exhibit be mobbed . rhodora 's hairless cat dart by with a dead bird ... rhodora stand ... follow it inside where the cat drop the dead bird before ... a dease painting hang in rhodora 's live room ... josephina / over phone we be spike on moment and instagram . it 's a major hit . rhodora ? be you still there ? do you hear what I say ? the dease exhibit be booming . rhodora silent ... chill ... watch the cat wildly paw the wall under the dease as rhodoram cell buzze ... second call ... she look , see it 's ' bryson 's ... rhodora / into phone Jesus , hold on josephina . rhodora quickly switch to the income call ... 82 . rhodora / into phone goddamn it where the hell be you ?! silence ... rhodora / into phone hello ?! beat before we hear ... the sound of child laughing ... disconnected ... distant ... into phone bryson ? bryson ! all right who the hell be this ?! dial tone ... rhodora stand before the dease ... freak beat as ... she re-connect with josephina ... rhodora be you there ? back to josephina 's penthouse as there 's a knock on she door ... josephina / into phone . someone 's at my door , I gotta go . josephina hang up ... knock continue as she check a security monitor to see morf stare into the camera ... josephina open the door and ... morf do you hear about gretchen ? do you ? morf walk in ... distraught ... morf Jesus can you believe it ? josephina okay you have to leave . you can not just walk in like this . more I need to be with someone right now . I would think you would too . damrish what 's go on ? 83. damrish come from the bedroom hall ... towel at he waist ... more be you kid I ? josephina we be not together , I be clear . more you say a break . ( to damrish ) the admiration I have for you work have completely evaporate . damrish hey I be not try to jump you train . she say you two be do . more be we ? be we ? say we do not share something real . josephina I be never particularly obsessed . morf overwhelm ... storm away and CUT to outside josephina 's apartment build as morf rush out ... sit ata bus stop with he head in he hand ... glance up to see a bus stop ad of a stylish woman with her back to US ... the woman in the poster suddenly move ... turning to reveal it's gretchen ... missing arm ... blowing morf a kiss and morf scramble away ... look back to see the bus stop ad as it be ... stylish woman with she back turn ... people pass and CUT to los angele art gallery austere ... white ... art piece here and there as ... a haggard morf be ushere through by a british gallery owner ... gallery owner we expect you yesterday . we close the exhibit for half ~a- day in anticipation , actually . I think artnet be clear on the timing , 84 . morf I be sorry . it 's my fault . I know this be pre-debut . I have be experience some personal matter . then of course gretchen this morning . gallery owner if this be not a good time ... morf no . it 's overdue . i’1l write and file my review today . they arrive at a room that's void ... save for 50 different size speaker suspended at varying height around the space ... gallery owner lillith vanlandingham be storming the world with she revolutionary sound exhibit . she win the nam June paik award last year . her latest piece be call '' mysticete . '' as discuss we have arrange for you to experience the exhibit alone . the gallery owner depart , close a door behind he ... leave more alone with the myriad suspend speaker as ... it begin with institutional sound ... child laughing ... several bass note filter in ... adult voice bleeding in ... drowning the child ... overlapping «++ child competing for attention ... intonation become clearer ... adult phrase resonating ... disturbing ... accusatory ... 85 . voice look at he stand there . he only embrace what he know . voice piece for piece it's the biggest waste of steel since the titanic . voic this painful exhibit should be bulldozed . the debris would be better than the show . voice some don't survive the mauling . voice remove the spotlight of hype and he latest work i§ a snoozefest . voice vile . brutal . deceitful . voice not worth the freeway drive . it be all ego and no art . voice i'll hate you forever for saying that . voice supposedly a six - year labor of love , the piece be strictly bargain bin , skip it , voice ricky blane be the classic case of presenting a poser as cutting edge . voice the judgement should be judged . 86 . motionless in the middle of the room ... message of the installation seemingly direct at he as the voice get increasingly otherworldly and shrill ... devastating snippet from morf review ... a auditory onslaught and ... sudden silence as ... the door open and ... the gallery owner re-appear ... gallery owner sorry for the delay , we computer erash . we will start it now . more what do I just hear ? gallery owner nothing . this be a sound - proof room . more voice . gallery owner I have no idea . '' mysticite '' be a ony of whale intonation record 20,000 foot under the sea in the mariana trench . you be up for this ? the gallery owner regards he ... morf nod ... the gallery owner depart as ... mournful whale call begin and CUT to a blue screen fill frame ... organ music ... choir ... the blue part and rhodora 's face appear ... surreal ... smile ... laugh ... rhodora I be fly . I be a child again . rhodora push through the blue ... arm wide ... rhodora I be soar through the atmosphere . rhodora 's movement create ripple in the blue and we realize 87 . she' envbloped in a realm of myriad suspended blue fiber rhodora porous to the world . woman' voice rhodora ? rhodora 's form flit past ... blue swirl as she run ... woman 's S voice rhodora , morf 's here to see you . rhodora stop ... she amorphous form pass and wider to show rhodora 's gallery as we see the room filled with floor-to-ceiling blue strand 's . form a dense , penetrable medium as ... the blue part and rhodora emerge ... see she new young assistant stand next to more ... beard stubble ... dishevel ... rhodora Art provide a escape in difficult time . so ? more we have to talk . rhodora ( ze : the blue strand exhibit ) I be ask about Blue Sky . you be one of the first to view it . first impression ? more it 's blue . rhodora I be worried . look at you . groom use to be one of you strong suit . I be late for a meeting , walk with I . rhodora head through she gallery ... morf follow ... more there 's something profoundly wrong . morf freeze ... back away and ... follow he gaze to ... a little girl raising a large gun ... phantom -like ... rehodora honey it 's a hologram . 88. rhodora stop before a aboriginal fertility figure ... woven from branch ... 10 - feet tall ... faceless ... more dease serve 30 year for murder . you withheld that . rhodora and you be base that on what ? more I speak to Coco . she hear you get that information and bury it . rhodora well first off I do not think you be in any good place to continue the book . more I be not talk about the book . do you know dease paint over most of he work ? there 's a entire other collection hide beneath . rhodora hardly uncommon . rhodora continue through the gallery ... morf trail ... morf I be see thing . I be hearing thing . unexplainable thing . impossible thing . and this be hard to say as a adherent of the here and now and denier of childish belief but something truly goddamn strange be go on . rhodora and morf pass a musical art piece ... mechanical forest animal play instrument ... hunter dance in time ... morf what happen to bryson ? rhodora accord to the police he have a accident and wander into the wood . morf Coco see he the night he go miss . the night of the open . she say he be take crate of dease art from the store room and load they in he truck . 89 . rhodora and all this relate how ? more dease . his alter mental state , torture soul , phase of the goddamn moon -- I do not know how but this death , the disappearance , everything that 's now happen , it 's all connect to he art . imbue with some spirit . created out of some vital ideal . rhodora walk by ... a exhibit of very large lense ... she and morf made grotesque by the distorted glass ... rhodora a bit baroque do not you think ? more I come here to warn you . rhodora it 's be a fuck up few week but listen to yourself . what be you say ? more stop sell dease . rhodora it 's a nine~figure collection . more I be write a article about this . about dease , he work and past and method , about everything that 's go down . rhodora you x11 kill you career . morf get rid of it , box it away , all of it . that 's what I be do . morf walk away ... call to he ... rhodora oh c’mon . come back here . morf become tiny and telescope in a exhibition lense ... rhodora do not you know , all art be dangerous . morf 's blurred form disappear and dissolve to 90 . a SMALL , distant figure walk toward we ... larger ... come into view to reveal ++. josephina dress in downtown couture as ... she enter rhodoram office and find rhodora on the phone ... mid-call ... rhodora / on phone it 's be a feed frenzy since the debut ... what 's change be we run new metric and realize we have be overly precious with supply ... I send you six dease jpeg , all available for immediate purchase at the quote price and destine for significant appreciation . rhodora tap a key on she computer and ... six photo of dease art £ 111 the screen ... rhodora / on phone all of they , that 's swell ... I x11 send the papers ... of course you be , see you in Basel . ( hang up , key the intercom ) who 's next ? assistant / over phone that 's everyone on the sheet . we be wait for call back . josephina what 's go on ? we close the first phase on dease . why be we sell more ? rhodora close the office door ... rhodora morf 's hell - bent on write a story . he 's connect bryson disappearance and gretchen and jon 's death to the dease piece . he believe they be somehow channele some sort of spirit . josephina what kind of spirit ? rhodora I do not know the variety . josephina he 's literally be act so weird . you know we break up this morning . gl . rhodora now you tell mar ? Jesus josephina , you connection with he be useful . josephina what ? I should have stay with he ? rhodora you should have keep I inform . he influence be not unsubstantial . josephina so he write some bat-shit story , who care ? rhodora we do not sell durable goods , we pedal perception . thin as a bubble . a piece like this , by morf , could start a run . call you buyer , sell as much dease as you can before he post something . assistant / over intercom mister Kay in Palm Beach on one . rhodora / into phone hey doll ... I be circle back on you want some museum-quality dease . rhodora speak as we push in on the six dease jpeg on her computer ... one showing the family loading a car for a trip ... face obscure ... beneath a looming palm tree and dissolve to palm tree whipped by Santa Ana wind ... a large frond break away as ++. we pull back to show los angele at night ... city scour by a dry desert gale and CUT to morfus apartment as window rattle from the wind ... silence , save for the soft clack of computer key as drift through morf 's live space ... 92 . he dease painting and dease material have all be remove ... heavily wrap and tape and stack by the door as we find morf in he office ... type on he computer ... deep into write as he phone vibrate on the desk as we see it 's josephina call ... morf not answer ... phone display show it 's the ninth time she 's call and CUT to josephina penthouse where a deck out josephina stand in she kitchen ... phone in hand ... wait for morf to answer ... hang up ... josephina ( call into the next room ) I have get a new favorite song and it suck because I know I be gonna burn out on it , josephina cue a song ... music play as ... she bring a bottle of Crystal and two glass out to the live room where damrish be smoking a joint ... leg up ... boot on the coffee table ... stare at a big dease on the wall ... josephina baby the table 's onyx , you boot . damrish ever notice anything about that picture ? close on the large , live room dease ... on a mantle over a FIRE ... painting showing a crowded school cafeteria ... every face looking down , turned , blurred or in shadow ... faceless teacher addressing the child ... damrish if you look long enough the kid move . josephina pop this . josephina hand damrish the Crystal ... he pop the cork ... josephina you have strong hand . 93. josephina pour two glass ... lift hers to clink but ... damrish downs he in one swallow ... stare at the dease ... damrish it 's alive . do not you see ? damrish ... unblink stare and reverse as we 's re the dease look at josephina and damrish ... both look back at we ... josephina I just sell it . damrish what ? I would have buy it . josephina you could not afford it . we do not want it . trust I . I be do you a favor , josephina straddle he ... hand rove ... damrish ... stare at we ( the dease ) as ... josephina start tug off he t-shirt and ... he stop she ... damrish I gotta get down to traction Avenue . josephina I think we be spend the night in . damrish something come up I gotta deal with . tonight . josephina you be blow I off ? damirsh I want you to come . damrish stand ... go out ... josephina about to follow when she phone ring ... she answer and intercut -- morf descending in he apartment build elevator more why do you keep call ? 94 , josephina why ? be you serious ? we break up and now you be write a story to destroy my livelihood ? I want you to stop whatever the fuck it be you be work on . more I be not do this to get back at you . josephina be you even aware you have lose you mind ? more we do not realize the value of friend until they be go . I still consider you a friend , josephina . josephina go fuck yourself . then lose my number . josephina hang up ... tie a scarf around she neck ... stand directly in front of the dease ... back turn and close on the dease painting ... one of the faceless child 's nostril begin to breath as ... josephina leave with damrish and CUT to a traffic light swing wildly in the Santa Ana wind ... blink red as ... josephina 's bentley roar by ... music blast and CUT to inside josephina 's moving bentley as josephina drive ... damrish get high ... listen to a trance song and CUT to rhodora in she big empty bed ... finish a glass of wine ... facial mask apply ... regard a art folio ... wind blow hard outside as ... she hear something ... listen and electric guitar be hear ... from downstairs ... soft and melodic as ... rhodora freeze ... activate a security view on her tv show a dozen live image of the estate ... nothing amiss as ... she rise ... leave the room and hold on security camera view as ... one by one they change ... form a mosaic make a dease painting and CUT to 95 , rhodora nervously come down the stair ... guitar music louder ... harsh ... no sign of the source ... rhodora motionless ... building fear as ... she sprint to the security panel ... about to activate the alarm when she sees a window 's OPEN and wind blow in as ... rhodora look up and realize the guitar mobile be turn in the breeze from outside ... string strangely affect ... create a eerie symphony of sound and CUT to a greek sculpture of a nude woman ... headless ... armless and pull back to show morf and coco in a rooftop restaurant ... night - time L.A. spread below ... morf with this article I be pour gas on myself and lighting a match . I do not have a choice . it 's be reveal to meat that I hand in the wrong life review and there be some sort of larger power , some entity invest in we endeavor . coco invest how ? more in the violation of inviolate rule . what if what 's show be not what people want , it 's what we feed they . have I go mad ? coco you be ask I ? I find both body . I be sleep with the light on . on top of which if I do not land something soon I x11 have to return home . more I be leave town while my article break but I could use a assistant here for a few week while I be go . coco really ? 96 . morf if you be interested . coco iam . thank you . that mean a lot . more I be store some art tonight and leave early tomorrow . this be key to my storage space . I need to have everything itemize that 's there . morf eat ... catch coco regard he ... more I have something in my tooth ? coco no. morf what ? coco I can not keep it in . you be gonna be upset . morf okay . coco like seriously . morf uh oh. coco it 's really fuck up . more what be it ? coco I be rhodora 's personal assistant . I see she check . roll call with she . I think she sometimes forget I be on . morf tell mar . coco you ex - boyfriend , Ed . he work for she , 97 . morf you mean work she out , he 's a trainer . coco no . I mean rhodora pay Ed to give she advance word on you review . he tell she what you like before you post and she make busy . morf motionless ... wind - whipped tree behind he ... coco she give he a lot of money . like maybe that be why Ed be with you . morf still as a statue ... coco do I still have the job ? morf downs he wine ... pour another glass and CUT to pool ball smashed ... color sphere explode over green feel as we find josephina at a downtown dive bar where she sit at the rail ... out of place in designer clothes ... sandwich between STREET walker , druggies , punk ... speak loud over the music -- josephina ( to the bartender ) be my car safe out there ? bartender not hearing ... serve customer as ... josephina look around ... no sight of damrish ... nursing a drink as she regards the interior ... every inch cover with year of overlapping graffiti , sticker , drawing and ... damrish tap she shoulder ... josephina where have you go ? a figure appear behind damrish ... the large , tattooe native american man we meet earlier ... damrish this be Ben . he run my old collective . josephina hey. 98 . BEN stare ... walk off ... josephina Lovely . can we leave now ? damrish I be stay . josephina I do not like this place . damrish I be talk longer time line . I be leave rhodora . her gallery . josephina no you be not . damrish I can not be there . josephina we have a significant show plan . you be high , c’mon . josephina tug he arm ... damrish not move ... damrish I mean it . josephina you be about to break big . we be take you global . you have give that up ? for what ? some sad garage space peddle graffiti mural ? Jesus what 's the point of art if nobody see it ? damrish kiss she forehead ... disappear into the loud , crowded bar and CUT to a STREET sign whipping in the Santa Ana wind as ... headlight pierce the dark ... morf 's mini~cooper speed past and CUT to inside morfus moving mini -cooper small car cramme with morf 's box up dease art and material ... morf buzze ... blow through a yellow light and CUT to los angele storage build as we see the mini-cooper park outside ... morf put he box dease art work on a dolly and CUT to 99 . inside storage build as morf sign in at the desk ... tug he dolly into the massive building and CUT to downtown los angele STREET as josephina walk alone ... wind whipping ... get to she bentley to see someone 's double - parked car block she way out ... josephina fuck . josephina get in ... start she bentley ... honk the horn ... again ... again ... no one around and CUT to inside storage facility as more appear down a long dark corridor ... light automatically activate as morf go and we see the hallway 's line with storage space cover by screen mesh and CUT to downtown L.A. STREET as josephina press for uber ... look around ... search for a address to type in ... go to a desolate corner where she read street sign ... key they in +.» wait ... wind whipping ... unaware of a graffiti mural on a brick wall in the bg behind her as ... the mural begins fo move ... morph ... become a depiction of a grunge art gallery facade that suddenly become real as josephina shiver in the wind ... turn to see the galley behind she ... light on inside and CUT to storage facility as morf pull he dolly of dease art deeper and deeper into the enormous facility ... arrive at a 100 . storage space and morf pull a key ... unlock the mesh cover door ... enter a partially - fill space ... unload the dolly and watch he from inside a storage space across the corridor ... through the dim clutter of someone 's store possession as a silhouetted object suddenly start to move ... morf see work across the corridor as ... the silhouette rise ... writhing silently and CUT to downtown L.A. STREET as josephina approach the light grunge galley ... open the door ... enter a ... graffiti art -filled garage space ... josephina ( call to the back ) I be just wait for my uber . no one see ... josephina look around ... regarding the graffiti art ... sweeping scale and scope and cur to storage facility hallway as morf finish take he dease art off the dolly ... go out to the corridor ... lock the door as the corridor light suddenly go dark ... blackness ... morf oh Christ . morf press he phone ... screen create a small island of light as ... a storage door be hear open in the dark ... more hello ? morf look around ... nervous ... start down the dark corridor ... suddenly seeing 101 . the silhouette of someone stand directly before he in the black out hallway ... more hello ? morf slow ... stop ... more the power go out . the shadow figure in front of he start to move ... more peer into the dimness ... morf do you work here ? tre storage facility light flash on ... hoboman see gyrating for a terrifying second ... wearing the tuxedo ... mask ... holding the sign will work for food and light out as ... morf start to run ... deeper into the darkness ... hallway light blinking on and off ..- hoboman 's contorted form gaining fast as morf reach a meshed barrier at the end of the hall ..«. hore help !!! help I !!! no escape ... morf spin ... light strobing as ... hoboman fill frame ... the crippled , tuxedoed , batman -masked robotic vagrant unnervingly near ... drop the sign as ... morf be embraced ... pinned ... savaged and CUT to 102 . josephina inside the graffitied space as ... she phone ring ... see it 's rhodora ... josephina / into phone damrish be leave . intercut - rhodora in her hilltop estate rhodora / into phone do not even kid . josephina / into phone he meet he old exhibitor at a dive bar and tell I he 's go back , it 's over . josephina pace before the spray-paint wall ... rhodora / over phone do you know what that cost we ? josephina / into phone I be not responsible for this . rhodora / over phone letting morf get away and now damrish . josephina / into phone what be you suggest ? josephina look at the vivid mural ... do not see the floor beneath her feet become spray - painted as well ..- staining her shoe «+ color creeping up her high heel ... onto her legs oe . covering and climbing bare skin ... rhodora / over phone what 's do be do . at this point it 's about damage control . josephina / into phone how do we contain it ? 103 . rhodora / over phone we can not be see as have lose he . we have to frame it that we cut damrish loose . that 's the party line . josephina stare at a graffiti mural and intercut - rhodora 's house as rhodora see she hairless cat outside in the storm ... paw the glass door ... meow over the wind ... rhodora / into phone shit , hold on . rhodora slide the door open ... reach and the cat dart away ... across the lawn ... rhodora come here . get over here . goddamn it . rhodora follow ... barefoot as we pan up to show rhodora be stand directly below the massive steel slab sculpture ... wind blow hard ... whipping around ... stop under the huge steel slab and CUT to josephina in the graffiti gallery ... glancing down ... suddenly seeing VIVID color rising and coating her body as josephina frantically tries to wipe it away ... staining her hand ... covering her arm as she' consumed in color and CUT to rhodora 's backyard as she bend down ... try to grab the cat ... crack of metal and rhodora pull away ... fall back just as the steel slab slam down where she be and 104 . crush the table and chair as rhodora scramble away ... run into the house and lock the door ... she see she phone ... pick it up ... rhodora / into phone Jesus Christ you can not believe what just happen josephina 's scream echo from the other end of the phone ... rhodora dosephina ?! josephina ?! josephina 's shriek filter through and then ... silence ... rhodora hello ?! hello ?! something touch rhodora 's leg and rhodora bolt ... look down to see she cat meow at she as we dissolve to morning over L.A. ... wind have wipe the city clean ... blue sky and calm as coco come down the sidewalk ... approach the storage build where more 's mini-cooper be still park outside ... coco enter the building and CUT to inside storage build as a elevator open ... coco step out ... start down a corridor ... light automatically activate as she go deeper and ... hold shot as 105 . a freaked shriek echoe through the cavernous corridor and CUT to downtown L.A. STREET as morning traffic and people pass a large graffiti mural on a brick wall and closer to show josephina part of the STREET display ... become art and CUT to aerial of rhodora 's hilltop estate where a line of moving truck be see park on she long , private driveway and we descend to find rhodora on she patio ... on the phone ... hearing the news ... rhodora / on phone how ?! ... a storage facility ? ... well what do they think happen ? ... I have to go ... no , I be not come in . rhodora hang up ... stunne ... call josephina ... no response and CUT to mover carry art from she house ... everything art-relate be load into the truck and CUT to inside the house where the last of the mover carry out the final object ... leave the structure completely bare ... a supervisor walk outside where rhodora be sit on the grass ... look at the steel slab that almost kill she ... moving supervisor that 's all of it . rhodora everything ? every piece of art ? moving supervisor uh-huh . rhodora say it . 106 . moving supervisor it 's empty . take six truck but we remove everything . rhodora thank you . the supervisor leave and CUT to moving truck pull away ... snake down the hill and CUT to rhodora 's live room as rhodora enter from outside ... survey the barren large space ... every shred of art remove and rhodora move tentatively ... into the center of the live room ... look around as she ... 's its on the floor ... knee up ... look out at the view of los angele in the daytime ... sun shine and close on rhodora as she start to settle ... eye close and we slowly pan around she face ... to a patch of bare neck where we find the tattoo of the velvet buzzsaw ... beat before it start to turn and rhodora 's eye open ... first shocking stab of pain as the buzzsaw tattoo spin furiously near she neck ... draw blood and black out and music ... credit run to the end and 107 . fade in to find a deject coco lead she suitcase in a cab ... climb in ... address the driver ... coco l.a.x . inside moving cab as coco look out at Los Angeles ... return home and ... she stop look just as ... the cab pass a roadside stand on a busy street and CUT to we stay with the roadside stand ... see several homeless people unload the crate take from the back of eryson 's pick - up ... filled with dease art ... hanging piece on a fence as ... a car stop and a couple get out ... regard the art ... woman oh that 's lovely . how much be it . homeless man I dunno . five buck . man okay . close on the dease ... stunning lake of constance filling frame as ... more passersby begin to stop ... regard the myriad piece of dease art ... pull wallet ... carry they off and that 's it