window.addeventlistener( 'domcontentloaded' , function ( ) {var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app13.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=901;archive_analytics.send_pageview ( {} ) ; } ) ; __wm.init ( " http://web.archive.org/web " ) ; __wm.wombat ( " http://www.geocities.com:80/moulingoldmine4/vgscript.html " , " 20050104095225 " , " http://web.archive.org/ " , " web " , " / _static / " , " 1104832345 " ) ; Velvet goldmine script < !-- p.msonormal {mso-style -parent : " " ; margin-bottom:.0001pt ; font-size:12.0pt ; font-family : " Times New Roman " ; margin- left:0 cm ; margin-right:0 cm ; margin-top:0 cm } --> < !-- hide from older browser // no right click script v.2.5 / / ( c ) 1998 bart 1000 . // barts1000@aol.com //http://fxcentral.webprovider.com // do not delete this header ! var message= ' I work waaaay too long on this to find it on someone else site would traumatise I that can mean a very messy law suit this day so feel free to reference or copy this for you own use but do not put it on another site ' ; / / message for the alert box / / do not edit below ! function click ( e ) { if ( document.all ) { if ( event.button == 2 ) { alert ( message ) ; return false ; } } if ( document.layers ) { if ( e.which == 3 ) { alert ( message ) ; return false ; } } } if ( document.layers ) { document.captureEvents (event.mousedown ) ; } document.onmousedown=click ; // --> velvet goldmine Todd haynes Story by Todd haynes and James Lyons screenplay transcribe by kate ( aka [ rhps ] magenta ) of moulin goldmine ~ the lyric be not in the screenplay , but can be find here ~ * though a labour of love , this script take quite some time to painstakingly and accurately transcribe for you benefit . you may use it for personal purpose , but do not reproduce it anywhere else on the net * * although what you be about to see be a work of fiction , it should nevertheless be play at maximum volume * female narrator ( british ) history , like ancient ruin , be the fiction of empire . while everything forget hang in dark dream of the past , ever threaten to return . sad mist of music rise as we fade up to : ext . a galaxy of star - night - 1854 we descend , music building . a fall star soar across the sky and explode in lavender spark . purple mist clear to reveal the rooftop of a storybook Dublin . ext . old dublin - night - 1854 a luminous green spaceship be just make its ascent , leave a trail of pink smoke . in one grand synthetic whoosh the spacecraft disappear into the sky . ext - wilde residence - night - 1854 we descend upon a lamp light street of gregorian townhouse .. a light appear in the lower part of one building . its door open and a housemaid step out . she discover a small bundle at she foot . it 's a baby . housemaid Lord 'o heaven - she lift it into she arm and look up to the sky . the last green trace of the spacecraft 's eerie glow can be see through the cloud . Madame wilde ! Richard ! come. quickly ! a male servant appear with a lantern , follow by Mrs wilde , a lean , middle - age woman in a robe . they surround the housemaid and she miraculous find . close on the baby . Mrs Wild open the blanket and reveal a luminous emerald pin , ornate and antique , clasped to the infant 's pinafore . Music rise as we : dissolve to : int . classroom / irish boy 's school - day - 1862 track past the ruddy - cheek face of eight year old school child stand and state they future ambition . school child I want to be a Farmer . I want to be a barrister . I want to be a truck Driver . settle on the last child in the row , a solemn tow-haire boy whose seriousness be betrayed only by the cherry - redness of he lip . a hand - make name card hang from he neck read ' oscar wilde 's . EIGHT year old oscar I want to be a pop idol . he wear the emerald pin on he lavender cravat . it sparkles . fast CUT to : ext . english schoolyard - day - 1955 subtitle - ' one hundred year later ... 's the camera soar over the schoolboy fight in a crowd . it be not immediately apparent that a century have pass , and the child be beat be not the young oscar wilde but a designate ancestor . Seven year old dandy Jack Fairy be be bashed to smithereen by fellow classmate , as other circle the massacre , throw in kick for good measure . the school bell ring and the young ruffian scurry off , leave the boy face down in the yard . in close up Jack lift he head and look around . he examine he skinned knuckle and notice something shiny between two flagstone . he dig between they and loosen the small object . rubbing off the dirt , he reveal oscar 's pin . CUT to : ext . country road - sunset - 1955 crane over little Jack walk home over artificial cobblestone and a set sun . Music swell as we hear : female ( voice - over ) childhood , adult always say , be the happiest time in life . but as long as he could remember , Jack Fairy know better . int . jack 's parent 's bedroom - dusk - 1955 very close on young Jack as he walk through the dark of he parent 's room to he mother 's vanity . he clasp the emerald pin to he shirt , stop in front of the mirror and look up . close on the mirror : Jack 's lip be still bleed . he touch it . gently , he rub the blood over he lip like lipstick . there be music and faint sparkles in the air . female ( voice - over ) until one mysterious day , when Jack would discover that somewhere there be other quite like he , single out for a great gift . and one day ... his eye flash back to he reflection . ... the whole stinking world would be theirs . jubilant guitar ( ' Needles in the camel 's eye’ / Brian eno ) as we swish to the mirror where young Jack , be laugh victoriously : zoom - in . mad CUT to : ext . street of london - twilight - 1974 a cluster of foot , scramble down the street of London , teeter on mountainous footwear . the boy and girl of glitter rock be rush excitedly over the waterloo Bridge , across the strand , down Wellington Street , all to see they favourite glam star perform at the lyceum theatre . open credit a cluster of paint face cram for space in front of a chrome bank building do last - minute make - up and hair ; they hurry off as we pan up to where someone have scrawle in lipstick : last mirror before maxwell ! the five skinny specimen scurry on , pass other platform - heele skinny as they go . malcolm , Ray , Pearl and billy of the London trash - band the flaming creature struggle to run in they outfit and Arthur follow in the pack . a lean face watch they as they pass . he turn away . it 's Jack Fairy , late twenty , gaunt , strike , with old rouge hollowing he face . Arthur turn momentarily , recognize Jack , then continue . some other pass glitter kid spot he as the as they pass . song continue as we : CUT to : ext . lyceum theatre - twilight - 1974 - ' newsreel footage 's outside the theatre we zoom past a long line of glitter boy and Girls ; super - fox and she-bitch , ziggy , iggy , shag , queen , straight kid dress up as queer , all anxiously await the first glimpse of flam-rock idol Brian slade . but , look closer , there be something dark bruise beneath the flash . some kid look into camera we track up , past they face , to the name on the marquee . we hear : BBC voice : ( off-screen ) tonight the street of London be ablaze in sparkle make - up and glitter frock as the boy and girl of the current glam - rock craze pay tribute to they patron saint , pop-star Brian slade and he space - age rock persona , maxwell demon . CUT to : int . dressing room - lyceum theatre - night - 1974 tv monitor : BBC reporter stand out side the lyceum theatre . close on Brian slade ( age twenty five ) , dress as ' maxwell demon’ : he hair bright blue , he face a eerily effeminate mask . he be look up at the tv screen through the mirror ( quiet music beginning ) , before return he attention tot a chessboard in front of he . BBC voice ( off-screen ) a palpable whir of anticipation can be feel outside London 's lyceum theatre as fan await the final show of slade 's smash world tour . a young woman with a maxwell demon haircut , Shannon , be shaking a can of hairspray . Brian close he eye as she spray . close on Brian 's hand move a knight . Security around the performer have tightened follow a recent BBC interview in which he admit to premonition of be assassinate on -stage . Shannon 's spraying stop . Brian glance up to she in the mirror . brian turn it off . Shannon flip off the set . there 's a loud knock at the door . a man 's head pop around the door , the sound of the PA pour in . man Brian ? time . CUT to : int . lyceum theatre - stage - night - 1974 a handheld shot follow Brian as he be whisk to the stage , large ornamental feather be attach to he outfit . another Assistant with a maxwell demon haircut hand he a light cigarette and a glass of red wine on the way . the PA bellow thunderously throughout the hall . announcer lady and gentleman ... the lyceum theatre in cooperation with bijou Music be proud to present ... on-stage large fan be turn on , as stage hand begin blow white feather into the air . the roar of the audience build . a crowd swarm in front of the stage . Arthur be carry away from he friend in the surge . he look back anxiously , catch sight of someone in the aisle . a dark figure be slip through the darkness toward the stage . ... straight back from they fantastically successful european Tour ... maxwell demon and the venus in fur ! thunderous applause as the band break into a intro to ' the ballad of maxwell demon 's . on- stage : Brian walk theatrically on stage and face the crowd , under blue light and a storm of feather . brief shot in slow motion : auditorium : Arthur catch sight of ... ... a shiny object be pull out of someone 's coat and aim at the stage . it 's a gun . Arthur 's eye grow wide . it fire . Brian be catapult into the air , he chest explode in blood . he slowly sail back to the stage . trace into Arthur , look back to the gunman . a dark figure vanish amid the sudden panic as a chorus of sight take over all sound . very close on chessboard . a knight take a queen . dissolve to : newspaper headline : singer brian slade shot on-stage dissolve to : ext . london STREET - morning - 1974 Arthur stand at the door of he flat read the headline . he look up to the grey sky over head . the sad , plaintive introduction to ' hot one 's begin . dissolve to : ext . rooftop - day - 1974 very close on a young Crew - cut Boy , gaze up to the cloud with tear in he eye . we hear he internal whisper : crew-cut boy ( voice - over ) put out the torch ! hide the moon ! hide the star ! dissolve to : ext . montage of face - day - 1974 trace past three young punk , look up to the sky with open mouth . New you City drag queen , squinting into the sun . two teenage Girls in London , eye close . as we hear : female narrator ( voice - over ) for once there be a unknown land , full of strange flower and subtle perfume , a land of which it be joy of all joy to dream , a land where all thing be perfect and poisonous ... dissolve to : int . london concert hall - stage - night - 1972 as the song 's intro come to a end and we descend , landing on : a glisten close - up of Brian , electric skin-tight purple space suit and blonde / magenta hair , as he start to sing : ' hot one 's . promo film : Brian portray maxwell demon , the tragic space hero , while trevor , he sexy lead guitarist , ablaze in silver sequin , front the cosmic back - up band . the combination of camp theatricality , melodic melancholy and searing guitar create a strange mix : erotic and violent but elegantly detach at the same time . song continue as the screen suddenly flare white . montage ( archival footage ) : glitter kide - 1972 the chorus resume under a slightly hokey narrator , as we return to the promo film with a crude but hip montage of seventies London : shot of young people sport glitter clothes and hairstyle . narrator ... it appear today 's youngster have fashioned a whole new bent on the so-called sexual liberation of the flower power set . the long hair and love- bead have give way to glitter make - up and platform shoe and a whole new taste for glamour , nostalgia and just plain outrageousness ! cross fade with follow ' on the street interview 's . ext . london street - day - 1972 handheld track past the paint face of young glitter kid along the carnaby Street , sloan Street , king Road etc . ext . london street - day - 1972 a Old woman and Middle age man stand in front of a church . reporter be London not shocked ? old woman London 's ... improve . middle aged man well , I think it 's a disgrace , parade around all ponce - up like a pack of bleed woofter . bloody hell , what will they think up next ? ext . london hustler STREET - day - 1972 track with Brian dress like a space tart , sashaying down a street full of hustler and drag queen . Brian walk directly into the arm of a sailor in white and kiss he firmly on the mouth . narrator ( voice - over ) and head up this flash stampede be none other than pop giant Brian slade , who 's stylish escapade have paved the way for a whole new breed of perform artist . from curt Wild and the flaming creature , to Jack Fairy and polly small . thanks to slade , today 's youngster be sing a whole new tune . ext . london street - day - 1972 now , a teenage glitter couple : the Young guy talk as he girlfriend nod in agreement . reporter so you be say you be bisexual ? young guy yeah , I like boy , I like girl . they be all great . there 's no difference be there ? ... Mr BBC . ext . concert hall - day - 1972 - promo film trevor , Brian 's lead guitarist , be be interview in front of a small crowd of scream fan . trevor ( on screen , then voice over ' imaginary theatre 's , then on screen ) rock music have always be a reaction against accept standard . and homosexuality have be go on for century . at the moment have a ' gay 's image be the ' in’ thing , just like a few year ago it be trendy to wear a long grey coat with a led Zeppelin record under you arm . int . ( imaginary ) theatre - 1974 close on a hand slide onto Arthur 's crotch . swish up to Arthur , who see a sleazy Old man lean over , smile faintly . back to the promo film . ext concert hall - day - 1972 curt be interview . curt everyone 's into this scene because it 's supposedly the thing to do right now . but you just can not fake be gay . you know , if you be gonna claim that you be gay you be gonna have to make love in gay style , and most of this kid ... just be not go to make it . that line , ' everybody 's bisexual 's , that 's a very popular thing to say right now . personally , I think it 's meaningless . card : a decorative , bright pink card read : ' meaning be not in thing but in between they . 's - norman Brown int . london concert hall - stage - night - 1972 Brian complete the final chorus of the song , end in a crescendo . but , just as the house explode in cheer , the sound and image freeze . a beat of silence , before : newspaper : a newspaper fly into frame with a blast of music . the headline read : ' slade shoot a hoax 's int . london concert hall - stage - night - 1972 close on Brian confide to camera . brian ( a thunderous whisper ) I know I should create a sensation gasped the rocket , and he go out . freeze frame : image burn and be pull from the screen . White screen . int . screening room . ( new york herald ) - day - 1984 close on Arthur 's eye , as he listen to a conversation , still deep in think , after watch the promo newsreel footage . male voice alright , lionel . you can turn it off now . we hear other voice in the room ; one or two other figure stand . female voice I do not get it . male 's voice 2 what do not you get ? it be a stunt . the guy fake he own murder . female voice yeah , but why ? male voice 2 publicity lou Arthur ? swish pan to adult Arthur , a journalist for the Herald . he look up . any recollection ? arthur of what ? lou this - slade fellow ? arthur ( non-committal ) what ? he 's a... early 70 's glam rock singer murray told you we could count on Mr Old - time rock and Roll ! he and Mary snicker . arthur ( tuning to Lou ) Count on I for what ? ( to Lou ) I think I be on the reynold trip . lou well you be . but the President be not due till the eighth and we need a piece for the weekender now . arthur ( quiet , facetious ) great . lou aw , now , look . next week be the tenth year anniversary of the whole shoot stunt incident . I have like you to find out what happen . where he be today . ' what ever happen to Brian slade ? 's okay ? Arthur look away , shaking he head . arthur and naturally you want I for this because I be the resident Brit , right ? lou no. Arthur stop . I want you because you remember . a smooth zoom in to Arthur 's face .. CUT to : ext . new york panorama - day - 1984 the burnt - out remain of New you City and the subtitle : new york CITY , 1984 1984 New York be a decadent , seventies vision of a apocalyptic future a bomb - out , expressionistic city from which most people , wealthy or white , have already fle . melancholy music . ext . new york street - day - 1984 Arthur walk home through a blue- gel twilight . pull out we reveal a grey industrial landscape , emptied of colour and life . a small line of National Guards patrol the Area . arthur ( voice - over ) some meaningless prank , a decade old . why be it suddenly up to I to figure out when clearly there be something , something from the past spook I back ? I do not realize at the time that it be you . rising in the distance , we hear the rumble of a crowd and the echoey bass of stadium rocker Tommy Stone 's song ' people Rockin 's people 's over a loud speaker . a man 's voice follow , massive with echo . male voice thank you transelectric and CRA . Micro Atlanta and dupree for they generous support . dissolve to : ext . courthouse - new york - day - 1984 track over the head of a crowd of mostly kid , gather around a enormous screen . Tommy Stone , a bleach - blonde corporate superstar , be be simulcast from a distant stadium fill with bleach - blonde fan . Music continue louder . tommy stone ( on large outdoor tv screen ) thanks to President reynold 's Committee for cultural renewal for make this broadcast possible and thanks to you , the three billion viewer tuning in right now on global satellite ... yeah ! close on : Arthur as the booming telecast fade and he descend the subway stair . int . subway stair - new york - day - 1984 a dark figure whisk by . the man pass , a sinewy character in he late thirty , flash a cool glance at Arthur before rush out of sight . ( we do not know it yet but this be curt Wild . ) very close on Arthur , strike as the road of a oncoming train rise with the music . dissolve to : int . subway - new york - day - 1984 a pack subway car , gnarled with damage and black with graffiti , flicker in and out of the darkness . we hear : child 's voice ' yesterday upon the stair I see a man that be not there 's a small Black child in a Tommy Stone mask , be read to she mother from a book , black child ' he be not there again today how I wish he have go away . 's close on Arthur listen . he turn and look out he window . Arthur 's reflection through flicker glimpsis into pass train and face look out . arthur ( voice - over ) ten year . ten year and the world have change so completely that the life I lead in England seem like someone else 's life . someone else 's story . anyone 's but mine . out of the melancholy score , a song from the past begin to rise . ( ' avenge Annie 's / Andy Pratt ) . dissolve to : ext . passing street of suburban manchester - day - 1973 male teacher ( off-screen ) ' there be time when it appear to dorian Gray that the whole of history be merely a record of he own life , 's ext . schoolyard - manchester suburb - day - 1973 Three kid in glitter - rock gear be run late to class , laugh and trip on they flashy footwear . one of they be the glitter Boy . male teacher ( off-screen ) ' not as he have live it in act and circumstance , but as he imagination have create it for he , as it have be in he brain and in he passion . 's int . classroom - manchester - day - 1973 teenage Arthur watch the kid through he classroom window . he return he attention to he meticulous rendering on a exercise book of Brian slade as maxwell demon . the off -screen voice of the teacher continue with the music . teacher ' he feel that he have know they all , that strange , terrible figure that have pass along the stage of life , and make sin so marvellous and evil so full of subtlety . 's suddenly Arthur look up . Music stop . his teacher be look right at he . ' coz I love you’ / slade begin . ' it seem that in some mysterious way , they life have be he own ... 's Music rise in volume with : CUT to : int . record store - manchester - day - 1973 we track past the display of recent release : spinner , Gilbert o’sullivan , the carpenter , etc . teenage Arthur search pensively for a certain release . then he spot it . close on the Brian slade album , the ballad of maxwell demon . he gingerly reach for a copy . Arthur turn solemnly and begin approach he brother , who be stand with two Friends by the cash register , argue over boy band . Arthur approach he brother who stand with a friend chat to another behind the counter . Arthur stands opposite he brother . arthur can you lend we two quid ? I get money at home . brother you must be mental . arthur please . I swear I have get it . brother piss off ! arthur thanks . brother ... what 's it for ? arthur nothing . brother give we it here . let 's have a look . Arthur 's brother grab the album out of he hand . bloody nora ! Music rise as Arthur 's brother show the record to he friend . we kid 's one of they pansy rocker ! friend 1 fuckin 's hell ! friend 2 ( point to the record ) he 's a fuck poof , that one there . Arthur be completely confuse . arthur no he 's not . friend 1 that 's naff ! friend 2 that 's naff . brother ( to Arthur ) you be disgustin’ - you know that ? close on Arthur , cheek flushed with instinctive shame . Music rise . ext . arthur 's STREET - manchester - afternoon - 1973 close up track with Arthur as he lumber home , deep in though , try to figure it all out . slow pan down reveal the record under he arm . ext . arthur 's house - manchester - afternoon - 1973 continuous crane up as Arthur approach he house and hurry in , slamm the door behind he . CUT to : a series of brief , close shot : int . arthur 's bedroom - manchester - day 1973 Arthur jam the door with a chair . album cellophane be peel and crumpled . a shiny record be sly out of its sleeve and place on to a turntable . the needle drop and glide into its groove , fill the room with a glorious , anticipatory hiss . ' hot one 's begin . Arthur open up he new copy of the melody Maker . close on the newsprint page . Arthur turn to a fold - we spread on Brian slade 's stage persona maxwell demon . trace along a wall cover in glam poster and clipping , sketches and keepsake . Arthur , dress in a plaid jacket , be just leave . int . arthur 's live room - manchester - day - 1972 Arthur slip out of he room and down the stair of he house . his parent , Mr and Mrs Stuart , sit freeze in front of the tv . they turn in unison as Arthur slip out the door . arthur I be just go out for a minute . ext . arthur 's house - manchester - day - 1972 Arthur stashes he jacket in the bush and take off down the road . ext . manchester street - day - 1972 Arthur have a ' cool day 's walk downtown Manchester in he skin-tight chest hugging blue small t-shirt , with cherry picture on front , and sparking button / badge attach . a small group of brightly clad glitter kid stand around a bench smoking and ignore everyone around they . the one boy in the group , previously see run late for class , glance over check out Arthur . close on Arthur : fast CUT to : int . subway car - new york - dusk - 1984 adult Arthur stare out of a subway car , stop at a station . Arthur look out on to the station platform . the door begin to close . suddenly Arthur realize what stop it be and scramble for the door . Music rise ( ' the fat Lady of limbourg 's / Brian eno ) with the sound of a seventies news broadcast : newscast ( voice - over ) today in London official confirm that the February 5th shoot of singer Brian slade at London 's lyceum theatre be a publicity stunt , mount by the singer 's company , bijou Music Limited . newspaper on microfilm a 1974 headline read : ' brian slade shoot a declare a hoax 's track in to story below , subtitle : ' betraye fan strike out 's int . newsroom library - night - 1984 slow track in to Arthur read the story , colourless in the negative light . newscast ( voice - over ) manager Jerry devine announce today that he company mean ' no harm in they escapade 's , that it be intend solely as ' entertainment 's .... the sound of the newscast cross -fade with that of Jerry devin , Brian 's manager . ext . bijou office - day - 1974 - newsreel footage : handheld devine speak to a camera crew as he walk from he car up the step of he chelsea office building . devine very unfortunate and sad that , in this day and age , a artist 's quest for artistic freedom should cost he he career . CUT to : int . west berlin café - day - 1974 newsreel footage curt Wild be be interview by a german television crew in a modern kaffee haus . beside he sit Jack Fairy . interviewer ( off-screen ) warum , denken sie ? warum - translator ( off-screen ) why do you think ? subtitles read : curt wild - jack fairy - west berlin curt ( irritably ) I dunno.. I dunno , it get too big I guess . it get too schizoid , you know ? I mean ... he think he fuck be maxwell demon in the end - you know ? and maxwell demon ...he think he be God . back to : int . newsroom library - night - 1984 Music continue as Arthur scan through another roll of microfilm . a montage of headline : ' brian slade sale plummet 's ' brian slade UK tour cancelled 's ' singer brian slade scheduled to host teen popswop award 's ' singer brian slade charge with cocaine possession 's dissolve to : reference book : we follow Arthur 's finger as he scroll down a periodicals list for Brian slade . after 1974 reference be scarce . Arthur 's finger stop at the last date : September 1977 . he look up , pensive . Music be suspicious . we hear : male voice ( off-screen ) Brian slade ? oh yes . briefly : bedroom - day - 1969 grainy image of two man have sex in morning light - one of they be Brian . fast CUT to : int . CITY hospital , new york - day - 1984 close on the unshaven face of a fifty - three - year - old cecil drake , Brian 's first manager , remember . cecil quite well . Arthur stand opposite with a notepad . ... once upon a time . with that ceil pivot around in he wheelchair and take off down the narrow corridor of the decrepit city hospital . Arthur scurries after , call out as he go : arthur so ? cecil yes ? arthur what be he - what be he like ? cecil who 's that - Brian ? arthur yes - cecil make a sudden turn off near the elevator . Arthur turn and follow . close on cecil face a dirt window , suddenly quite still . cecil ( quietly ) like nothing I have ever see before . Arthur stand behind , watch he . and in the end ... like nothing appear . a quiet draw of music pull Arthur on to a seat opposite . slow track into cecil , recalling a quotation : he be elegance , walk arm in arm with a lie . Music grow . dissolve to : int . brian 's bedroom - birmingham - day - 1956 slow track past the face of a angelic seven - year- old boy , comb he hair in the mirror with steely concentration . Brian slade , immaculately dress , put down the comb and stare at he perfect reflection . cecil ( voice - over ) his real name , in fact be Thomas , and he father own a small tiling business in suburban Birmingham . but Brian never care much for the suburb and , as a young boy , have the rare fortune of spend a summer in London with he aunt - CUT to : int . music hall - london - night - 1956 track along the floorboard of a last - leg music-hall , where a smoky vaudeville act be glimpse through fringe curtain and footlight . Brian be creep along the rim of the orchestra pit , observe show and backstage antic alike . cecil ( voice -over ) - a figure of some ill repute in the slade family , after she marry a cockney in the ‘entertainment field 's and follow he off to deptford . backstage , Brian spot he fat , moustach uncle , the director , order people around in a sweaty huff . Brian settles into a sliver of light and watch the rest of the performance with intensity . the wiggly , over - paint Singer ( a man dress as a dame stuff into a bustier ) , be belting out a saucy number . CUT to : int . backstage - music hall - night - 1956 a comedian with zany - sound effect be hear in the distance as Brian tiptoe up a dark stairway . at the top of the stair he spot a dress - room door , partly open . from inside , he hear the sound of a woman in distress . cautiously , he approach . he peer in through the crack . all we see be a woman 's red-naile hand push against a large man . Brian inch the door open for a better view . int . dressing room - music hall - night - 1956 his fat uncle , in close up , spot he and wink . Quick zoom out : revealing he seat on a dress room table , pants open , with the head of the transvestite Singer between he leg , in the throw of fellatio . Brian stare in shock . cecil ( voice - over ) Brian 's tender introduction to the theatrical underworld would leave a dramatic impression . his uncle blow the boy a little kiss . Brian 's eye bulge . we hear a high -pitch , Little Richard squeal . wild swish pan to : int . slade live room - evening - 1956 with a musical bang , Brian ( age seven ) slide into frame , dress in a black pompadour wig and make - up - as Little Richard . he perform ' tutti fruiti 's in he own pierce falsetto , sing the song with its ' original 's lyric , and play up each sexual innuendo with broad , Little Richard gesture . brian ( sing ) a wop bop a lu bop a wop bam boom ( etc ) at the end of the song Little Brian finish with a saucy bang ( pelvic thrust ) . fast CUT to : int . stone live room - evening - 1956 Brian 's Parents , gran and brother sit watch , dumbstruck , as ' do you want to touch I ( oh yeah ) 't garry glitter begin . CUT to : ext . birmingham STREET - day - 1965 Brian slade ( age sixteen ) , the perfect , mod , be in the midst of deep - mouth kissing he perfect mod girlfriend . he wear a tailore jacket , tight trousers , and have a puffed bouffant - dyed and lacquer . as the finish , she ask : mod girlfriend so what be you , a mod or a rocker ? brian six of one , half a dozen of the other , really . Brian wink , peck she on the cheek and we pull out . the mod girlfriend get on she bicycle and ride off . Brian wave goodbye and turn , join two other mod boy , lean against a wall , pose with cigarettes . a pack of uniform schoolboy be pass . cecil ( voice - over ) take they cue from Little Richard , the swank London mod - short for modernist - be the first to wear mascara and lacquer they hair , the first true dandy of pop - and know to just about any indiscretion where a good suit be involved . one pretty tow-haired Boy , busily wind a bright gold watch , lag behind the rest . Brian notice he pass . the tow-haired Boy stop and look over he shoulder at Brian . CUT to : int . brian 's bedroom - birmingham - Day - 1965 close pan up Brian , slip the gold watch into he pock and remove he tie . his eye be fix on something below he . full shot : Brian stand opposite the Boy , spread out on he bed , face down and bare - bottome . cecil ( voice - over ) style always win out in the end . Brian 's tie drop to the floor . freda Payne / ' Band of gold '. CUT to : int . sombrero club - london - night - 1971 a drag Singer lip-sync with the song , on a small club stage drape in gold spangle . cecil ( voice - over ) for Brian , the mod be a glamorous call to arm - or at least , to London , where , three year later , at the sombrero Club in kensington , cecil sit with two middle - age gay friend at a table . I would hear he sing for the very first time . the Singer finish and the club cheer . pack to the gill ; the stream club swarm with the finest of London trash and glamour . everything , it seem , start at the sombrero . no club in London have more notorious sway . and there , at the centre of it be Brian 's american wife , Mandy , who 's dramatic transformation to London party girl be a constant source of amusement to we all . mandy you all know I - subtlety 's my middle name . it 's as subtle as the piece of skin between my vagina and my anus - ooh la ! la ! ( laughter ) now what 's that call , I can never quite remember ... no man 's land ? oh gosh - my geesh , dah - ling ! now , lady and gentleman , boy and girl - and whomever else may be in the house this evening ... the club start to clap and cheer . it be my supreme pleasure to introduce all you lovely little minx here tonight to the sombrero Club 's prettiest star - and my most shimmer hubby ! - I give you Brian slade ! Brian walk out from the shimmer of spangle drape , swathed in satin and pearl like a pantomime damsel . his hair at this point be long and reasonably straight . he and Mandy kiss and raise they joint hand : the perfectly androgynous , bisexual couple of the seventies . Music begin as Mandy walk off and Brian step to the mike , perform ' 2 hb’ / roxy Music . cecil stare in quiet , amorous shock while he companion make the customary crack . friend 1 ooo , varda mistress bona ! ( subtitle read : ' say have a look at '' miss beautiful '' ! 's ) friend 2 varda the omie palome ! ( subtitle : have a look at the homosexual ! ’) friend 1 a tart , my dear , a tart in gildy clobber ! ( subtitle : ' a slut , mate , a slut in fancy clothes ! 's ) cecil be captivate . cecil who be he ? friend one be suddenly at one ear . friend 1 some scrubber my dear , I do assure you . with friend 2 at the other . friend 2 but not that scruffy , as I last recall . friend 1 ooh , you be wick . cecil toss a smirk at both of they and stand . he straighten he blazer and head off towards the stage for a better view . cecil 's friend watch he go , incredulous . friend 1 she will not be home tonight . ( subtitle : ' he will not be home tonight . ’) cecil ( voice - over ) so I introduce myself . told he I be develop my own management company , and on the look - out for new talent . he introduce I to he wife , ask I what sign I be , and before the week be out - we be signing contract . Brian catch sight of cecil and give he a little smile . you see , Brian believe in the future . Music rise over : CUT to : montage ( archival footage ) : london hippies we see footage of late sixty hippie culture . cecil ( voice - over ) he despise the hypocrisy of the peace and love generation and feel he music speak far more to its orphan and its outcast . his revolution , he use to say , will be a sexual one . dissolve to : ext . outdoor concert - south - west england - day - 1971 we track over a mass of grungy hippie , gather for a all - day concert , stare at the stage with perplex expression . cecil ( voice - over ) but in 1970 , rock audience breed on credence Clearwater and the Beatles be not entirely sure what to make of this particular brand of revolt . on-stage , under a large red canopy , Brian perform a song ( ' sebastian 's / cockney rebel ) on acoustic guitar , in a scarf and with a white face , still with long hair . wearing a long purple velvet dress and match suede boot , he sing with far great affectation than before . for a moment it appear as if he 's become Jack Fairy . CUT to : int . hospital - new york - day - 1984 cecil somehow he get it into he head that he have to perform in a frock - do not ask I why . I mean , I think it be a bit naughty , a bit of a giggle , but ... return to : ext . out door concert - day - 1971 cecil and Mandy watch from the audience . in front of they a hippie be join by he hippie friend . hippie friend who 's this geezer , then ? hippie some shirt -lifter from birmingh be . hiss from the audience , follow by a few shout . audience get the fuck off ! cut the shite ! bugger off , you woofter ! Brian struggle to finish , glance over to cecil in the audience . backstage - outdoor concert - last day - 1971 Mandy be a gush of enthusiasm as she and cecil trail Brian , who quickly collect he belonging . hard rock on the PA billow from the stage . mandy darling , darling you be faaabulous ! every bit ! I be beam - truly - like someone 's mum . and they adore you ! the whole lot - transport ! brian ( to cecil ) transport ! - we go down like a fuckin’ knacker lift ! cecil Brian , I tell you , I think it 's simply a matter of presentation , and with the proper back up - brian back-up ! what happen to Judy garland !? what happen to all you bloody torch song rubbish !? cecil I know , I know , in a cabaret , but in the context of a rock show , I can see now it 's a bit more dodgy . but the act be there . the act be there , be not it ? all it need - blare from the stage , the announcer 's voice on the PA : announcer ( off-screen ) next up , all the way from New York City - cecil ( as Brian storm from the backstage tent with he thing ) Brian !? announcer ( off-screen ) - lead singer and founder of the great garage band know to mankind ...– curt wild ! CUT to : ext . outdoor concert - night - 1971 Brian , Mandy and cecil be walk out as a deep , brood guitar begin and a man 's sing scream from on stage be hear . Brian can not help but look . on-stage , a dark figure appear . track in music rise briefly : int . hospital - new york - day - 1984 Arthur look up at cecil , close . cecil ( to camera ) curt Wild . fast return : ext . outdoor concert - stage - night - 1971 light and a bold of guitar ignite the stage ( ' tv eye’ / the stooge . ) curt Wild , age twenty - five , clad in no more than black leather pants , lift a can of oil into the air and start cover himself with it 's content . Brian have stop , stricken by what he see . slow track in . curt throw the oil away and begin rub he glisten body and groin along to the word . cecil ( voice - over ) curt Wild , founder of the influential garage band , the rat - dissolve to : ext . wood - michigan - night - 1946 Dark hand -held glimpsis of wolf move in a pack , close to camera . cecil ( voice-over ) - come from the aluminium trailer park of Michigan - though rock folklore claim far more primitive origin . ext . outdoor concert - stage - night - 1971 close on curt as he lift a huge jar of gold glitter into the air and begin to slowly shower himself , top to bottom , with the sparkling substance . intercut between curt 's glitter raining and the follow shot . Brian , he attention rapt . Rack to cecil , behind he , notice . tracking over the audience , tightening in wave . they runt restless and noisy , fight amongst themselves , throw thing . curt respond by give they the finger . cecil ( voice - over ) accord to legend , when curt be thirteen - briefly : ext . trailer home - michigan - day - 1960 curt 's half naked brother and sister play in the backyard , spraying each other with water , cause they clothes to cling tightly - and all for the benefit of thirteen - year- old curt , who sit watch . cecil ( voice -over ) - he be discover by he mother in the family loo , at the ' service 's of he older brother - fast return to : ext . outdoor concert - stage - night - 1971 - and promptly ship off for eighteen month of electric shock treatment . the audience roar through . curt unzip he tight leather pants thrust he pelvis to the crowd , he jump around to face the band , let the pants fall to he ankle , revealing everything . he bend over and moon the crowd , then look through the gap between he leg . stand back up , he face the crowd give they a front on view of he glisten and glitter cover naked body . grinning and laugh at they varied shout , he give they the finger with both hand , while proudly thrust forward he pelvis , then beckon they with a ' bring it on 's gesture of he hand . finally he jump to the ground , and then stand , deliciously slide he leather pants over he rear , back to rest on he hip . CUT to : int . wayne country sanitarium - michigan - day - 1960 Doors swing open to the psych ward and we whisk through . curt , strapped down to the travel gurney , hook up with electrode , come to a sudden halt . he look up at : his family ( ma , pa , brother and sister ) , all look down at he . cecil ( voice - over ) the doctor guarantee the treatment would fry the fairy clean out of he . curt 's brother give he a wink . but all it do be make he bonker - ext . outdoor concert - stage - night - 1971 cecil ( voice -over ) - every time he hear electric guitar . a guitar amp be turn up full volume , make a sound mimick that of a doctor turn on a electro shock device . the audience roar in delirium . someone throw a paper torch on to the stage and all the oil go up . surrounded in flame , curt shriek victoriously , glaring at the audience . Brian stand in complete awe of the spectacle before he . all at once he go run off the edge of the stage , leaping into the swarm of spectator ( and crowd surf ) . sudden CUT to : ext . park hillside - sunrise - 1971 quiet . Brian look out at the dawn . he sit with Mandy on a grassy hill , near the concert grounds . brian ( quietly ) they despise he . cecil 's eye open from half - sleep , lean against a nearby tree . mandy ( also quietly ) yeah . but when you be abuse like that ... you know you have touch the star . close on Brian against early morning sky . brian I know . I just - Mandy look at he . ( softly , as if to himself ) - just wish it have be I . wish I have think of it . quiet wave of music : Mandy be touch by he confession . mandy ( tenderly ) you will , love . you will . zoom in as Brian turn . he look at she as a upbeat glam song begin ( ' the ballad of maxwell demon’ / shudder to think ) , the first to tell the story of a tragic space hero name maxwell demon . CUT to : london rooftop - dusk - painting in a Disney close - up curt Wild wink to camera , and turn . zoom out as he leap into a chimney - stack against a paint backdrop . the zoom continue , revealing the rooftop vista in a gild frame and hang in a empty white space . int . white set the zoom out be join by a track which reveal Brian , dress as a pink and blue nineteenth - century dandy , view the painting behind a red velvet rope . when reveal , he turn to camera and start to sing . in close up he pluck the pink rosebud from off screen and sing a verse of the song to it . it bloom in he hand . he step back from the painting and begin to ' mime - walk 's on , stay in place while the view in the painting pass . swish to : extreme close - up a tiny victorian dollhouse on a white pedestal . fast zoom out reveal Brian stand beside the pedestal , now full -size . int . doll house drawing room through a veil of sequine gauze , a shimmer creature look up . it 's Brian , dress as the green alien . we follow as he creep past the mist of gauze into the light of the room . suddenly he jolt . one enormous Brian glare through the window . Brian the alien slither across the black and white check floor of the elegant draw room and disappear behind a door . int . dollhouse bedroom Brian the alien surprise and inflatable doll husband and wife in bed whose arm fly up when they see he . extreme close - up : he give a look to camera . in a hi-speed master ( á la clockwork Orange ) Brian rape the wife doll and then the husband . close on : Brian 's eye , blink through the bedroom , window . as the song describe maxwell demon 's rise to stardom we intercut Brian 's eye blink through the window with the follow vignettes in collage animation : int . white set extreme close - up of a long match be strike and lighting a cigarette . fast zoom out reveal life-size Brian inhale from a enormous cigarette holder as he toss the matchstick on to the dollhouse . it go up in smoke . int . dollhouse through the flame , Brian the alien be grin , jam on he guitar . fast CUT to : int . record studio - conference arena - day - 1972 Music hold on a row of faceless execs ( see previously in the ' imaginary theatre 's ) face camera in smoky darkness . ( one of they we now recognize as Arthur 's boss , Lou . ) we hear the sound of one person clap . everyone look over . swish pan to : Jerry Divine ( mid-thirty ) , seat alone with a cigar . he wear a italian ' fro’ with fat mutton chop . devine ( extend he hand ) Nice stuff . Brian 's glove hand shake it . Zoom - out reveal he in a three - piece business suit . brian thanks devine devine . Jerry devine . personal management . I be interested . brian oh , well - thank you - but I be afraid I already have management . he 's - devine not in my opinion . cecil smile and wave from he seat . the truth be you have talent . that 's plain . but it do not really matter what a man do in he life . all that really matter in the end be the legend that grow up around he . now today you be a talented singer . that 's alright . but I could make you a star . cecil 's eye bulge . a quiet swell of music begin beneath ( the intro to ' the Whole shebang 's / grant Lee philip ) . cecil ( stand , angrily ) and just how do you propose to do that ? devine I will tell you , sir ... devine push up a shirt sleeve and place he elbow on the railing before he , he other hand joustingly on he hip . when you pin I . murmur from the crowd as cecil bolt up from he chair . cecil well I have never in all my life - cecil look around helplessly for defence . everyone just stare at he , music rise softly . Zoom in to Brian , furthest away , who look down . close on cecil , he heart break . fast track to devin , poise in the spotlight behind he . devine May the best man win ? we punch into the chorus of ' the Whole shebang 's . CUT to : int . tv studio - night - 1972 Brian perform the song on top of the pop , he entire band dress in sparkling outfit . BBC voice ( off-screen ) earlier tonight on the popular chart show top of the pop , newcomer Brian slade perform he hit single ' the Whole shebang 's - pull out to reveal : int . london pub - evening - 1972 track along the line of bloke at the bar , stare up at the telly . BBC voice - dress in platform boot and wear glitter eye make - up . a spokesman for the show , know for showcase pop 's brightest star , say they have be deluge with call all evening . track end on cecil , sit over a cocktail in the corner . he watch the broadcast solemnly . cecil ( * pre-lap * dialogue from the ensue scene hear before the cut ) the next day every schoolgirl in London be wear glitter eye make -up . and I be out of a bleed job . CUT to : int . CITY hospital - new york - day - 1984 cecil shake he head with a distant smile . cecil and that , as they say , be that . I would not hear another word from Brian - or any of they for that matter - ever again . arthur have you get any idea what ultimately happen to he ? where be he today ? cecil just shrug . cecil last I hear he have return to Birmingham , but this be - three year ago ? four ? no , I be afraid I can not help you there . look as if it may be unavoidable . arthur what 's that ? cecil the ex . I be afraid . but then ever story need a contrary opinion , and with Mandy you be guarantee excess of both . fast CUT to : int . dive club - new york - late day - 1984 a bolt of music strike a dirty marquee : ' appear nitely - the divine miss mandy slade 's Arthur walk past the bartender , approach a lone figure bent over a table , the only person in sight . arthur miss slade ? Mandy slowly lift she head and squint at he . mandy yeah ? arthur I be Arthur Stuart - from the Herald ? we speak on the phone ? she look at he blankly . I really just have a few question I want to ask . it should not take long . nothing . do you mind if I - sit down ? mandy it 's a free country . sort of . Arthur sit . the bartender stand stare at Arthur as Mandy sit stare into she drink . arthur what be you have ? she look up at he . mandy scotch . rock . arthur ( to bartender ) make that two . the bartender drag off , mumble . mandy gee . you must be after some damn exclusive copy . arthur it 's a piece on Brian slade ? mandy ( dryly -sarcastic ) no kid . what - sort of a memory jog kind of thing ? arthur yeah ... well it 's be , um , ten year since the whole false shoot incident . mandy oh and what a fake it be ! trick we all in the end with such a authentic demise . arthur his career , you mean ? I mean , do you have any idea what happen to he , where he be today ? mandy can not you just , you know , run he through the file ? punch in the name ? arthur not exactly . Mandy start open up a fresh pack of cigarettes . mandy because , honestly darling , I have not speak with Mr slade in - seven year , at least . arthur Seven year . wow . mandy wow , yeah . at least - smoke ? arthur no . thanks . mandy no , right after everything crash we - we split ... and Brian , he just - se light a cigarette and take a drag . - become someone else . she turn to Arthur and exhales . ( a distant smile ) but then he always be . the opulent strain of mahler 's Sixth symphony begin over dissolve to : ext . sombrero club - new year 's eve - night - 1969 we follow a elegantly dress couple through a boisterous wind as they approach the door of the club . leave swirl through the air and the man 's cape billow as the door of the club swing open . the teenage doorman , Cooper , greet the couple and they enter . then Cooper , the doorman , turn to camera : cooper that will be ten bob to you , mate . reverse angle reveal Brian , age twenty - one , look every inch the London hippie with a mass of blond curl and jewellery . he give Cooper the money and a quick once - over before step into the club . we follow as ' get in the groove 's by the mighty hannibal rise . int . sombrero club - new year 's eve - night - 1969 Brian descend through pink and purple light , take it all in . a swirl of colour as we pan across the room to Mandy , close , laugh and smoking with friend . in the corner , glow in coloured light , a light - up dance floor be pump with dance . Mandy glow in a sparkling silver dress . then all at once she spot he . Brian , scan the club catch sight of she . Mandy quickly return to she friend , laugh , smoking , . Brian watch . mandy ( voice over ) it be New Year 's Eve 1969 : the start of a new decade , - Brian watch Mandy amid a flood of hug and kiss . - and everywhere you go there be this sense of the future , the feel in the air that anything be possible . a sudden crash of symbol and dimming of light direct everyone 's attention to the club 's entrance upstairs . a spotlight be spun around , follow by a luxurious swish pan to : the top of the curving staircase . there , aglow in shimmer silver , Jack Fairy , the sombrero 's reign star , be make he entrance . he nod regally and begin to descend , flanke by and equally studd entourage : micki , a pretty boy with afro and fur trim jacket , angel , playful dyed red head with silver angel wing , and Cooper previously see at the door . a quiet swirl of music accompany . see , Jack Fairy have also come to London in the swinging sixty . dissolve to : int . posh HOTEL lobby - evening - 1967 a black silk scarf fall to the floor ( music continue ) a delicate hand with nail of black enamel and a menagerie of ring reach for the scarf . we follow it up past the lithe , velvety figure of Jack Fairy , who wrap the scarf elegantly around he neck and fasten it with the emerald pin . mandy ( voice - over ) and on wind road , in crowded club or hotel bar - this shipwreck of the street , rehearse he future glory . a cigarette trace a ladder to the star . extreme close - up of Jack open a small compact . Zoom out from mirror , Jack look up , close he compact and stand . everyone in the lavishly decorate nineteenth - century hotel lobby stare as Jack walk proudly across the room . Three waiter appear watch he from the distance . waiter maricon , épicčne , sexe douteux ... suddenly Jack glance up . a gentleman in the foreground turn to camera and confide : gentleman Le vice anglais ... fast CUT to : int . sombrero club - new year 's eve - night - 1969 close on someone kissing Jack 's hand . fast zoom out to : Jack , soft and slightly slow motion , engulf at the foot of the stair . a sexy hustler , dress as a 1930s sailor , finish kissing he hand and Cooper present he with a long-stemmed rise . but there be a undertow : the eerie intro to ' ladytron’ / roxy Music begin to rise . mandy ( voice - over ) I need not mention how essential dream be to the character of the rock star . Brian , very close . suddenly someone shriek , break the spell . Mandy burst through body with open arm . Jack , darling ! fast CUT to : int . dive club - new york - day - 1984 Mandy , close . mandy Jack be truly the first of he kind . a true original , everyone steal from Jack . fast return . int . sombrero club - new year 's eve - night - 1969 Mandy have she arm around Jack and she tongue down he throat . he pull away and she laugh , pull he into the club . as she turn , she spot : Brian - fast zoom in - still stare through the crowd . closer on Mandy , as Jack look over as well , also see he . Brian , close , music building . he spot the emerald pin , dangle from Jack 's ear . we hear mandy ( voice - over ) but from the moment Brian slade step into we life , nothing would ever be the same . dissolve to : int . sombrero club - new year 's eve - night - 1969 Brian 's face slowly approach , through the crowd . mandy ( voice - over ) it be he nature . Brian 's voice be hear sing with the music : brian ( sing ; off screen ) you have get I girl on the runaround , runaround / get I all around town you have get I girl on the runaround and it 's get I down , get I down we track ( slight slow motion ) through body to where Mandy stand dance / chat with Jack and company . suddenly she turn and see : Brian approach . the light and set begin to change : the dance slow and everything but Mandy and Brian dim and recede . Brian take Mandy 's hand and instantly they be surround by a cool midnight snowfall . the club have vanish into the surround darkness , and as he begin to sing to she , we begin a slow track around they . brian ( sing ) Lady / if you want to find a lover then you look no further for I be gonna be you only search / at the start of the season and my only reason / be that I will get you the song break into a drive bridge as we : CUT to : int . sombrero club - new year 's ever - later - 1969 Mandy , in the midst of the teaming dance floor , turn to Brian , stand opposite ( light and action have return to normal ) . brian ( shouting over the music ) do you jive ? Mandy nod , smile , and they start to dance . fast dissolve to : ext . forest - night - 1970 close on a raven , blink in the cool moonlight . we descend through a snarl of black branch to a moonlight forest where Brian resume he tender serenade . brian ( sing ) I will find some way of connection hiding my intention then I will move up close to you track continue into Brian 's face . I will use you and I will confuse you and then I will lose you but still you will not suspect I he kiss she . Mandy close she eye . mandy ( voice - over ) so I marry he . fade to : int . mandy 's bedroom - night - 1970 Music continue through a brief sixty style montage ( much double exposure , focus rack , etc ) . Mandy and Brian make love like two androgynous creature in Mandy 's candle - light room . fast CUT to : int . sombrero club - men 's lavatory - new year 's eve - 1969 the flutter of a eyelash ( Jack 's ) thick with mascara . we hear a door open , sound pour in . Jack 's eye flash over . fast rack to Brian , stand near the door , reflect in the mirror . quiet music begin . a series of close , dissolving shot : Jack resume touch up he face in the mirror as Brian slowly approach . Jack 's eye meet Brian 's in the mirror . Brian stop as the mirror , turn from Jack 's reflection to Jack . he kiss he hotly on the mouth and withdraw . Jack stare into Brian 's eye . he return the kiss . Brian press into he . suddenly - the door open . Jack turn . Brian be go . fade to black t- rex 's ' cosmic dancer 's begin in darkness int . mandy 's bedroom - night - 1972 slow circle around Mandy and Brian as she finish painting he face : the lid of he eye be blue , he cheek pink with blush , he lip a frosty magenta , hair neatly cropped . mandy Times , place , people . they be all speed up . so to cope with this evolutionary paranoia strange people be choose who through they art can move progress more quickly . Brian look up . Mandy hold he glance . ( voice - over ) it be the most stimulate and reflective period of we marriage . wide shot of Brian and Mandy kissing on the bed . rack / dissolve to : int . sombrero club - men 's room - new year 's eve - 1969 Jack in the mirror feel for he earring and realize the emerald pin be go . through rise music ( ' we be the boy 's / pulp ) we hear : BBC ( pre-lap ) thank you and welcome , pop picker , to pick of the pop . I be davy rocket and we have a very special show for you today , dedicated to one of pop 's blaze new talent , and one who 's be hold a virtual reign over the british chart for a startling record break , eighteen - month -span . lady and gentleman , I give you the incomparable Brian slade - or should I say , maxwell demon ? cheer spill over . fast CUT to : int . gala reception hall - london - night - 1972 and explosion of flash bulb over a sweep of music . Brian appear through the shimmer , ablaze in white light . he wear the emerald pin on a black velvet choker / scarf . below , a small ocean of press ( Reporters , photographer ) be shouting ' Brian ! Brian ! 's jerry yeah , the , uh , bloke at the front . reporter 1 Brian ! why the make -up ? brian why ? because rock and roll 's a prostitute ! it should be tarte up ! perform ! the music be the mask , while I , in my chiffon and taff - well - ( quite camp ) - varda the message ! int . stuart live room - suburban manchester - evening - 1972 teenage Arthur sit on the floor glue to the telly . his mother and Father sit behind he ( exactly as we last see they ) , watch without expression . reporter 2 ( on tv ) what about you fan ? be not they likely to - get the wrong impression ? brian ( on tv ) and which wrong impression be that ? reporter 2 ( on tv ) well , that you be a blink fruit ! on-screen there be uneasy laughter and a shaky pan to the press gallery . very close on Arthur , breathe in the electronic wave . brian ( on tv ) well thank you , sir , and no , it do not concern I in the least . Arthur try to peek at he parent without move he head . they face be stony . I should think that if people be to get that impression of I , the one to which you so eloquently refer ... slow track into Brian on monitor . ... it would not be a wrong impression in the slight . suddenly Arthur leap in front of the set , shriek at the top of he lung like a lunatic . arthur that be I ! that be I ! that that that be I ! close on tv . brian ( on tv ) I mean , everyone know most people be bisexual . Arthur 's mother and Father be blank - face , freeze solid . Arthur look back at they , back in front of the tv set ( where he have actually remain the whole time ) . reporter ( off-screen ) I be - back to : int . gala reception hall - london - evening - 1972 shaky pan to another reporter reporter ( off-screen ) - I be under the impression that you be marry and live with you wife in North London - Mandy look around , anxiously . Brian continue in the glare of the light . brian I be marry , quite happily , in fact . I just happen to like boy as much as I like girl . and since my wife feel pretty much the same about such thing ... light and tv camera flash to Mandy , who wiggle she tongue at Brian . ... I should think we have be able to make a fairly decent go of it so far . Brian wink at Mandy before - complete pandemonium . the audience , freeze in utter perplexity . one reporter get up and leave . jerry alright , any more question ? okay , thank you very much . Mandy look up at Brian , as the distant piano open to ' Virginia plain 's / roxy Music be hear . [ note : the several scene follow which accompany ' Virginia plain 's should be play with tremendous speed and energy . ] mandy ( voice - over ) for the first time in Brian 's life , he be simply tell it like it be . do he realize what he have actually do ? how could he have ? I mean today , there have be fight in the street . but in 1972 ... it be more like dance . very close on Brian as we : dissolve to : Fame montage : int . newspaper ( in black and white ) - set - 1972 dropped into frame , they headline read : a STAR be born - and he twinkles ! gay stunt at slade show all that glitter - be gay ! int . record studio - conference arena - day - 1972 camera speed past a busby berkley - style row of proffer contract and land on the final one - the most elegantly draw . swoop out from Jerry Divine and cecil drake arm -wrestle it end as devine win and stand , the champion . his free arm in a fist , hold in the air . ext . highway - england - day - 1972 Brian and he flashy entourage soar along the countryside in tow convertible limousine , scarve sailing in the wind . ext . airport runway - day - 1972 Brian and company scramble on to the stairway of a chart plane . ext . english garden - day - 1972 Brian and Mandy lounge in sunglass . we hear : devine ( off-screen ) that man out there in the white suit be the biggest thing to come out of England since slice Beatles . outside this country - no one know who the hell he be . you people , you be go to change all that . fast zoom out reveal devine in the foreground . he face camera , address he newly form staff . trace past face we have see before - Jack Fairy 's old entourage : angel , micki , freddi , and sombrero doorboy Cooper . you guy , you be actor . it 's up to you to change Brian slade pop singer , into maxwell demon , space - age fuckin’ superstar ! nothing fantastic about it . why ? because the secret of become a star be know how to behave like one . cooper ( a distort mickey rooney voice ) hey kid , let 's put on a show ! disturbingly close on devine : devine precisely . ext . english garden - day - 1972 track out from close - up of Brian aggressively make up , spray and varnish by freddi and company . Brian be dress in a white satin three - piece , pose for photo with he band in the eighteenth - century statue garden . the sequence have the feel of a silent screen comedy , with devine as director in jodhpur and boot , commanding the company of photographer and crew . equipment and dress be strictly twenty . when devine shout ' action 's , the klatch of photographer explode into shot , they camera flash like machine gun . Brian be riddled with tiny wound . devine ( yell ) ' cut ! cut ! cut ! sort he out '. his crew inch closer now try to conceal the pain and blood stain , with make up . Brian look pain and scared as they approach . fast zoom out reveal the photo hang on a wall in the brand - new bijou Music office . end on a final , classic shot . int . bijou office - day - 1972 camera continue through the bijou office as the newly assemble staff perform they respective role with musical comedy flair ( song continue throughout ) . we sail past micki , the glamorous receptionist , rehearse various company greeting . micki bijou Music and associate , good afternoon ... bijou , may I help you ?... bijou , hello ?... we pass angel , press attaché , dress in red . her wall be cover with glamour magazine from the thirty and forty , and everything on she desk be cherry red : phone , typewriter , telex , etc . angel slade ... Brian slade ... well , darling only the biggest thing to hit rock since the pilgrim ! next , they pass devine in he elevate office . manager Jerry devine be perch behind he desk in wide lapel and clash pattern , operatic on the phone . devine I know it 's unprecedented , I know it 's unorthodox , but , sir , if you want Brian slade , that be the term , you may take they or leave they - freddi suddenly pop out , address the camera . freddi yes ? swish 360 - degree to Shannon hazelbourne , a dowdy teenager , who respond automatically . shannon I be Shannon hazelbourne . freddi who ? shannon I ring up about the position ? freddi the what ? shannon the position . ( hold up a clipping ) Assistant clerical Aid ? freddi oh right ! the position ! brilliant ! follow I . Shannon try to keep up with freddi who whizze into the wardrobe room . int . wardrobe - day - 1972 Brian 's ( all -hetero ) band - trevor , reg and harley - stand freeze in the mirror . mandy crash ! Zound . fast zoom out reveal they in they new , wildly effeminate stage costume . Mandy beam as freddi whizze by . we hear : freddi ( off-screen ) now , Shannon - I realize , of course , you expertise be in the clerical art , but I be wonder if by any chance you have ever work in wardrobe ? swish to Shannon , stand dumbstruck . ... either professionally or - shannon umm , no , never . freddi fantastic . I think that 's everything . ( extend he hand ) shannon ( shaking it , absently ) but , no I - I say I do not - freddi walk into the main office . int . bijou office - day - 1972 freddi ( announce to the room ) everybody ? everyone look over . I have like to introduce you to we lovely new wardrobe mistress - umm ... song finish with ' what 's she name ? Virginia plain . 's shannon Shannon . freddi Shannon . everyone smile , clap or say : ' hello Shannon 's . Mandy suddenly look toward devine 's office . we hear : devine ( off-screen ) excellent ! yes , Mr weinberg ! thank you very much indeed . cheer ! mighty swish to : devine slam down phone . fast pan up to he face , stand victoriously . extraordinary ! everyone turn . mandy what , Jerry - what ? devine so ! tell I , master demon ... Brian walk in from another section of the office . who be it you most fancy meeting - in America ? everyone burst into cheer . track out as Mandy and Cooper linger in the lounge area in front of devine 's desk , revealing the bijou office to be a network of adjoin office , art deco style . Brian remain alone to the side . micki yipe . cooper ( with a broad american accent ) american ? angel bravo , Jerry ! mandy garbo , Brian - pleeeease ! angel brando for I . micki Einstein . cooper sorry , chickee , he 's dead . micki Jerry say anyone ! Brian turn to the group . Mandy spot he . mandy Brian ... Brian - who ? silence on Brian . brian ( awkward , for the first time yet ) curt Wild . ( now with confidence ) curt Wild . I want to meet curt Wild . close on . Mandy , look at he . slam into guitar intro ( ' personality crisis 's / New York doll ) . mandy ( voice - over ) and meet curt Wild we do . CUT to : int . max 's kansas CITY - new york - night - 1973 Brian and Mandy be walk into the dark , narrow club , follow by devine , angel , freddi and trevor . on stage , polly small , a tough girl singer , belt out a gendy - bendy Beatles cover . she 's back by a gloriously trashy , New York style glam band . rodney , a british rep for the label , lead they to a table in the back . Brian look around as well , expectant and anxious , take it all in . Mandy lean over , point out someone . Andy Warhol seat at the back of the room , accompany by , James Dean , and Marilyn Monroe . rodney ( off-screen ) there he be . Brian look over to rodney who point , music shimmer . Dark figure clear frame as we track in to the darkest corner of the club . reveal a shadowy figure slump over a table . close on Brian , follow rodney , arrive . somewhere behind the music we hear . Mr Wild ... Mr Wild ? curt lift up he head , squinting up at rodney . he sit between a beautiful pair of boy and girl teenage twin . curt yeah ? rodney I be rodney - from electra ? I have Brian slade here from England who just want to pop over , say hello - brian I just want to say ... I think you music be top - really , smash - best of the lot . curt look up at he in a junkie blur . curt smash , top hole , jolly old - curt 's eye roll up into he head and he pass out with he head against the wall behind he . Brian in diffuse close -up . he have fall in love . CUT to : int . HOTEL mezzanine - afternoon - 1973 Pan over guest seat for tea at posh New York hotel . mandy ( voice - over ) now at that time , curt Wild be between management and Brian know this , of course , and urge devine to pursue the situation . we settle on a corner table where Brian and devine sit with curt , a black smudge against the crimson and gold interior . devine and so if , in that probability , a interest arise in which Brian would serve in some project - possibly , though not exclusively - as ... we be take we lead from you here , curt ... possibly as producer on that project - how might that scenario - purely hypothetically - how might that scenario appeal to you at this juncture ? silence as curt look back at they with the innocence of a drown rat . brian what Jerry 's try to say be do you want to come to London and cut a record ? curt oh yeah - cool . devine very good . brian but how can we help you . you must tell we . what do you need ? underneath the table devine kick Brian in the shin . curt think for a moment , then smile : curt everything . Brian smile . see , heroin be my mainman . but now I be on the methadone and I be get my act together . you come here and say you wanna help and I say , ‘hey , far out . 's ( to Brian , softly ) you could be my mainman . close on Brian through diffusion , watch curt . there be tiny heart in he eye . mandy ( voice - over ) it be pretty clear what be happen . it happen every day . but for the world to think it be happen , well ... Pan to devine , in foreground , tiny dollar sign in he eye . that be Jerry 's particular genius . ' Satellite of Love 's / Lou reed begin : CUT to : montage of newsreel - style footage begin : ext . movie palace - night - 1973 limousine door open and Brian and curt , dress to the nine , pile out . they be instantly obliterate by floodlight and camera flash as they stumble up the red carpet , wave to fan like a pair of drunken screen star . mandy ( voice - over ) right away he start promote the two of they like a pair of forty starlet on the swoon - a Tracy and hepburn for the seventies . song continue . CUT to : ext . carnival - set - dusk - 1973 curt and Brian ride in neighbour rocket on the Space Spinner ride , reeling over the candy - coloured light of a travel carnival . track - in as curt lip-sync to the song and Brian sing the back arpeggio , he rocket pass curt 's . behind they , the light of the carnival recede . they be fly away . Pan up to the starry sky . CUT to : ext . brian 's garden - day - 1973 hand held telephoto shot into Brian 's back garden : Brian and curt stroll with champagne , eventually catch sight of the camera . upon do so , both begin laugh as curt jump up and down wildly , and then throw he glass toward the photographer . the music now become tender ( ' diamond meadow / T - rex ) dreamy dissolve to : int . little girl 's room - night - 1973 pan past a forty - five spin on a plastic turntable , and come to rest on the soft , lamp - light close - up of a Brian slade doll . opposite , a curt Wild doll stand . a gentle love scene be be play out by the hand and off-screen voice of two young English Girls . the scene be shot romantically , with soft lighting and heavy diffusion . curt doll my career be on the skid , mate . and you fished I out o’ the muck . you get I back on my foot , you do . brian doll it be nothing , chum . I want to help you make more of that far out sound . I love you music , my son , and I love - the Brian doll turn away . the curt doll walk up to he from behind . curt doll ( softly ) you do not have to say it , mate . the doll turn toward each other and embrace . they slowly , tenderly go down to the floor . CUT to : int . ST francis HOTEL - new york - late afternoon - 1973 thirties -style Singer croon to camera , pink -cheek with patent - leather style hair . ( ' bitter end’ / roxy Music ) : Three pencil-moustached back -up , the Champagne chorus , lean in and sing . track out to reveal the singer amid bijou 's deliriously posh press soirée . dress for a fancy ball , Brian and company lounge and pose for reporter , all elegantly assemble in a gild banquet room . the princely Brian hold court on a gold settee , support by a de of beautiful bisexual . we see curt Wild , Jerry Divine , micki , angel , Cooper , freddi , Shannon , trevor - and Mandy play hostess . everyone be dress in cream and gold velvet , satin , and sparkling material . some of the man be in breech and white stocking . a touch of Louis xiv permeate the room . Reporters , on the other hand , be a dark cluster of black suit . the song continue as each ' actor 's answer question in quote text , punctuate by slightly bruise camera flash . devine every great century that produce art be , so far , a artificial century , and the work that seem the most natural and simple of its time be always the result of the most self - conscious effort . micki , dress like Marilyn Monroe as Marie antoinette . micki ( do he best Marilyn ) I be not really myself except in the midst of elegant crowd , at the heart of rich district , or amid the sumptuous ornamentation of palace hotel , a army of servant and a plush carpet underfoot ... Mandy , luminous in platinum curl , puff from a long cigarette holder . mandy what be true about music be true about life : that beauty reveal everything because it express nothing . freddi the first duty in life be to assume a post . what the second duty be no one have yet find out . a sudden fanfare and dimming of light reveal the project backdrop of a stylize big top . a spotlight flash on Brian , who catch a whip and top hat throw to he from the wing . fast zoom out reveal angel in the foreground , read from a large placard on a stand . angel ( dress quite like Columbia from Rocky horror , she theatrically recite ) the aesthete give characteristically cynical evidence , replete with point epigram and startle paradox , while explain his view on morality in Art . swish pan to the klatch of Reporters , now perch in the rafter , shouting out they question to Brian . he answer in the style of a circus mc . reporter 1 Brian ! maxwell demon be the story of a space creature who become a rock and roll messiah , only to be destroy by he own success . be you say this be you destiny ? be you maxwell demon ? brian man be least himself when he talk in he own person ! give he a mask and he will tell you the truth ! we see Shannon hold up cue card for Brian . swish pan to reporter 2 , shouting out : reporter 2 be it you belief that all dandy be homosexual ? tilt down to Cooper , hold up cue card for the press . brian ha ! nothing make one so vain as be tell on be a sinner ! the stadium roar with laughter and applause . curt ( off-screen ) come through ! come through ! a spotlight spin around , illuminate . curt , squeezing through a throng of fan / reporter , balance two glass of champagne on a tray . reporter 3 tell we , Brian ! be the rumour true that you and curt Wild have some sort of plan up you sleeve ? brian oh , yes . quite soon actually we plan to take over the world . hilarious laughter from the crowd - low angle . close on Brian : he be not joke . but to the rescue . curt arrive , miraculously unspill . curt Excuse I , fella , while I raise my glass to the loveliest man in Europe ! the crowd ' ahhh 's and curt and Brian smile broadly , link arm for a toast , camera flash . brian and they tell you it 's not natural ! violent laughter from the crowd quickly darken and distort . light dim as a shimmer of music rise . fast dissolve to : curt and Brian , eyelash close . curt ( a whisper ) the world be change because you be make of ivory and gold . the curve of you lip rewrite history . curt kiss Brian hotly on the mouth . for several second all sound stop . then : bang as camera flash ignite the screen . fast dissolve to : black and white photo - 1973 curt kissing Brian - under the first slam of ' baby 's on fire’ / Brian eno ~ sung by Jonathan rhy meyer . CUT to : int . concert hall - london - night - 1973 Brian sing on -stage , in Ziggy stardust - esque space age outfit . close : Brian turn as curt Wild bound on to stage in a rush of energy . he be jump up and down in true iggy pop style he be dress in tight silver pants and a black top . he hook up he guitar and get ready to play . the song continue through the brief montage . int . magazine PRESS - day - 1973 we see edition of the ' kiss photo 's be print , cut and bound on machine . we see magazine box and load into truck . ext . newsstand - day - 1973 box be open by vendor and put on display . money be hand to vendor and magazine be hand back in exchange . fast dissolve to : arthur 's bedroom - suburban manchester - night - 1973 track out from the ' kiss photo 's in teenage Arthur 's melody Maker magazine . close on Arthur , lip moist , entrance . dissolve to : int . HOTEL suite - new york - 1973 a man 's hand take that of a woman 's lead she past flow curtain to a moonlit . track out to reveal Shannon be lead by devine . she stop . the dark , richly decorate suite be fill with body . devine smile faintly , persuade she in . CUT back to : int . arthur 's bedroom - suburban manchester - night - 1973 Arthur turn the page . fast CUT to : int . concert hall - london - 1973 curt pour over a particularly wrenching guitar solo . he half - smile when he see : Brian , slinking down on he haunch , approach . when he arrive , he drop to he knee and ' go down 's on curt 's guitar , grab on to he ass as he play the instrument with he tooth .. the audience go wild , as do the photographer . dissolve to : int . arthur 's bedroom - night - 1973 Arthur 's face , breath close , stare at the photo of the precede stage stunt , softly grind . very close on he open hand , circle slowly over stretch underwear . int . stuart live room - suburban manchester - night - 1973 Mr Stuart look up angrily from the tv toward the pound music from Arthur 's room . he glare at Mrs Stuart sit beside he . he throw down the newspaper and start up the stair . int . HOTEL suite - new york - night - 1973 two glam Girls be lead curt to a corner couch , bring we to trevor and harley , who stand opposite each other shirtless . angel be go down on trevor while a girl groupie caress harley . a Boy groupie sit beside she watch as trevor and harley stare at one another 's body , stone drunk . Mandy be lie in a through of skinny boy , she tongue down Cooper 's throat . a nude woman with large breast pull she away . mandy thank God - a woman ! pass over a large red velvet sofa we discover a beautiful asian woman in bright - blue feather undress a man . she be accompany by a nude Black Boy who kiss the man while pull off he tie . the track end on a close up of the man . it 's Brian . all of a sudden he glance up . curt stand near a doorway , he eye on Brian . he have break away from he captor . Brian stare back , freeze . the asian woman try to kiss he . curt just turn , disappear down the hall . Brian stare after . Shannon observe the exchange , stand against a wall with devine 's head in she breast . CUT to : int . stuart live room - manchester - night - 1973 Mrs Stuart stand as Mr Stuart pound on Arthur 's door - off -screen . mr stuart ( off-screen ) could you conceivably turn down that blast .... Arthur ! Arthur , open this door ! we hear he force it open and storming in , shouting . suddenly there 's a crash , follow by the screech of a phonograph needle . Mrs Stuart jolt , hurry upstairs . we follow as she rush down the hall to Arthur 's door where she stop , look in . int . arthur 's bedroom - suburban manchester - night - 1973 slow zoom out from Mrs Stuart stand at the door as we hear Mr Stuart growl in low , threaten tone . mr stuart ( off-screen ) you bring shame to this house . you bring shame to you mother and I . it 's a shameful , filthy thing you be do - ( suddenly at the top of he lung ) do you hear I ?! Mrs Stuart jump . stand up ! Mr Stuart be stand behind Arthur , who slowly stand into frame . zoom end , revealing a reflection in the dresser mirror Arthur be stand before . his nose be bleed . dissolve to : int . HOTEL suite - new york - night - 1973 very close on Brian disengaging from he partner , they eye open , they face look up . pan up with Brian , stand , he eye fix on the hallway . close on Mandy , she eye open , sense something . she spot Brian . Shannon continue stare as devine 's head come up and look over as well . mandy ( voice - over ) it 's funny how beautiful people look - Brian , slightly slow motion , approach the hall . he glance back a beat before slip into the shadow . - when they be walk out the door . fast CUT to : brief silent shot : ext . bus - manchester - day - 1973 . Arthur board the bus to London with a single suitcase . he sit in the back as the bus take off . through the window he see he mother run out and stop diminish as we pass . finally , she raise a hand goodbye . CUT to : int . HOTEL suite - new york - day - 1973 in a corner of the room Mandy console Shannon who be weep . mandy really Shannon , it 's no problem , honestly . I be not fuss about it , I be quite open about it . I be have a fabulous time last night myself . really love , you should not upset you so . Brian be a grow man and fully capable of shagging whatever he fancy and exceedingly partial to the practice . mandy ( voice - over ) now : just because someone see , you know - fast return to : int . dive bar - new york - day - 1984 Arthur , jolted back to the present . mandy ( facetious ) - two naked people asleep in bed together ... it do not necessarily prove sex be involved . fast CUT to : int . bedroom suite - new york - day - 1973 Brian and curt in bed , tangle and naked , dead asleep . Shannon look through a crack in the door . CUT to : int . dive bar - new york - day - 1984 mandy it do , however , make for a very strong case . fast CUT to : int . bedroom suite - new york - day - 1973 Shannon close the door and Brian 's eye open . mandy but you be a sweet , sensitive darling to be so break up about it . Brian would be absolutely chuff to know that you - Shannon suddenly grab Mandy 's arm , glaring . shannon do not you ever dare tell Brian - swear to I you will never say a word - ever . Mandy yank free . she get up , rub she wrist . mandy I swear . Jesus . Mandy walk off , confuse and a little spook . int . HOTEL corridor - new york - day - 1973 Mandy stop outside Brian 's door . she take a breath before quietly turn the knob . int . bedroom suite - new york - afternoon - 1973 close on Mandy peek in . fast zoom out : the room be empty . Mandy see a note leave on the table with she name on it . she open it . mandy ( voice - over , of letter ) ' sudden change in plan . brief holiday , much need . back by hammersmith . - B 's fast CUT to : int . dive club - new york - late day - 1984 mandy that be it . and I know ... my time with Brian , for all practical purpose , as up . look I be sorry . I just wish I could help you more . you seem like a nice guy . I just ahh - the bartender glance up . fast zoom / back out to Mandy in foreground . - do not think I have what you be look for . Arthur smile , look down . arthur see ... I think you do actually . mandy ( a sly smile ) oh yeah ? and what make you think so ? arthur well that smile , for one thing . mandy well . smile lie . arthur exactly . Mandy sigh . mandy listen , once - of course - there be a gorgeous gorgeous time . and we be live we dream . but you see all that go away - all of it - ( quietly ) - with curt . a faint melody rise . Music build to ' my unclean’ / wylde rattz as slow zoom begin on each of they . and not even the real curt . it be the idea of curt more than anything , this - image . which , of course , no one could ever possibly live up to . I mean maxwell demon , curt Wild - they be fiction ! somewhere along the way , Brian seem to get lose in the lie . dissolve to : int . recording studio - london - night - 1974 track out from curt at the mic in the soundproof booth . he start to sing , eye close . in the foreground , Brian be reveal watch through the glass , he back to the camera . when curt do not come in on the next verse , Brian twitches angrily . brian shit ! devine cut it ! mixer should I stop it ? Brian turn around , face devine and the mixer who sit behind he at the board . curt continue sing . Brian watch , bite he thumb . he 's gonna hit the bridge a half - verse early . devine now you be simply waste tape . brian alright . cut it . the music stop . behind Brian , curt look up . he start holler through the glass but we can not hear he . Brian be freeze , he back to the booth . the mixer switch curt on . curt ( on intercom ) what ? Brian turn around to face he . curt what ? what , be there a problem ? inside booth : from curt 's Pov we see Brian . Brian 's response be monitor for curt but barely hear . through the glass we can read he lip - brian because you miss you cue . ( look down , quiet , but now audible ) again . curt what ? what ? control room devine lean into the intercom and chime in , tersely . devine we be sorry , curt , but it appear as if you - curt ( curt glare at he through the glass , point to Brian await a answer from he . ) what ?!! Brian lean in . brian ( smoothly ) curt , we only ask that when you decide to make a change you simply inform we in advance so eton here be properly prepare , otherwise - curt turn violently , thrust he arm as he curse . curt ( on intercom ) what the fuck be you talk about man ? - I do not make any fuck change ! Brain walk up to the glass silently . Brian ? - ( jerk away in frustration , throw he head set to the ground ) Fucking mother fucker ! mother fucker , you be a mother fucker ! fuck you ! fuck you , mother fucker ! fuck you !! devine eton .... eton , please . the mixer switch curt off . we watch he continue to rave in silence as Brian listen to devine . Brian , I be sort to be the one to tell you this , but what start off as a interesting experiment have quite frankly descend into demean wast of you time and mine . I mean you have already spend - forty hour studio time - brian thirty-six . devine whatever ! thirty -six hour - on two , three bloody cut ! Brian , you seem to forget , but you be a very big star now and you time be worth a great deal more than this - Jerry switch on the intercom and curt 's shriek come searing on . curt - fuck space - queen on you fuck high horse ! and all you fuck henchmen ! - fuck you , fuck you ! Brian switch it off and respond quickly and quietly . brian perhaps it 's time for another little break . hey fella ? give we a stretch . ( a want smile ) Jerry ? devine stand , coolly . devine I can not risk extend he contract , Brian . I think it 's quite clear why . I will talk to you tomorrow . he turn and begin filing out with the other . rack to Brian in the foreground , watch curt . he have begin throw chair around the booth . Brian turn away , black in shadow . everyone have go but Mandy , who watch Brian from a dark corner . for a split second he sadness show . then he eye flash up and he see she . she look he in the eye . then she turn and leave the room . we follow . as the door shut behind she , and the sound of curt 's shout resume in the distance , a tender instrumental of the previous song rise . Mandy pass through the shadow , into moonlight . ext . recording studio - night - 1974 Mandy look up . the sky be full of star . then - suddenly - there 's a crash of door . in a massive long shot Mandy watch curt come tear out of a rear door . the third - story window bang open and Brian 's head stick out , shouting after he . brian piss off , then ! go on ! back to you wolf ! you junkie twerps ! you bloody shock treatment ! and fuck you too ! Mandy watch Brian watch curt vanish mandy ( voice - over ) when it all come crash down , I just stand on the sideline and watch , just like everybody else . CUT to : int . brian 's office - day - 1974 curtain part , revealing curt below on the street . he look up and see Brian . ext . bijou office - day - 1974 Brian look through the window then withdraw . curt get into the limo and take off . int . brian 's office - day - 1974 a phone receiver be lift up . close on Brian 's finger dialling a number . int . limo - moment later - day - 1974 the street of London pass from a car . Signs for heathrow Airport approach . curt look out . he squint from the sun . flashback to a time Brian and curt share together , on the beach . perhaps when they go on the ' much need holiday 's and leave Mandy . CUT to : int . brian 's office - day - later - 1974 close on Brian 's tight mouth against a phone receiver . brian out. o-u-t. CUT to : int . bijou office - devine 's office - day - 1974 close on devine 's nose , the phone against he face . speedy zoom out . devine well , Brian . I be afraid that be completely out of the question . you be contractually bound to finish the maxwell demon tour as maxwell demon - Mandy stand at the door of he office hold a stack of papers . close on devine . brian ( off-screen ; faintly through receiver ) Jerry , I be tell you , be just get far too out of hand - I really do not think I will be able to - devine ( look at Mandy ) Brian - Brian - I realize you be under tremendous strain , but you have jut gotta hang on in there and finish ... Mandy slowly turn to go . - the bloody tour . you hang on in there . I will hang on here . CUT to : int . brian 's office - day Brian be in total distress . he be not pay attention to what devine be say . devine ( off screen ) and then you can do what you want , ok ? CUT to : ext . street of kreuzberg - berlin - night - 1974 curt walk through a industrial neighbourhood in West Berlin . he light a cigarette as a elevate train pass in the distance , blink red and green . suddenly he look up , spot something on the street . a individual look remarkably like Brian , dress as maxwell demon , stand with two other flashly dress individual . curt squint at the spectre , take a few vague step in the direction . the figure turn , revealing himself to be a teenage fan . curt , close , spook by the misrecognition . CUT to : Shots of the people : man in trench coat , teenager sit on the stair of Piccadilly fountain , japanese tourist . Arthur see a group of glam Girls stumble into a dark club . he follow . CUT to : int . last resort club - night - 1973 in a cramped London club , malcolm , Ray , Pearl and billy of the flaming creature ( a cross between roxy Music and the New York doll ) perform the current section of ' bittersweet 's with raucous intensity . Arthur watch . he like what he hear . Ray spot he and blow he a trampy kiss . Arthur blushes . CUT to : ext . brian slade protest - london - day - 1974 video newsreels close on grainy shot of a Brian slade poster in flame over the song 's tender finish . we see album be burn and throw into a char pile . other burn songbook , magazine , forty - fives . int . bijou office - day - 1974 Brian 's face , star at the monitor , a ghost of he former self . close on he hand rewind the tape . dissolve to : ext . kreuzberg - berlin - night - 1974 curt have inadvertently join a hustler / cruise strip , full of young specimen on the street corner and pull - over car . as curt walk he notice one car beginning to follow . he smile to himself , think it 's a proposition , and turn the next corner . the car do the same . as curt cross the street , he slow , try to get a look at the driver . tentatively he approach it , spook . close on a car window roll down and revealing Jack Fairy . CUT to : int . last resort club - later - 1973 track through the slowed - down remain of the club , most of the clientele subdued with drink . off-screen , the flaming creature 's late- night banter be hear : malcolm I do not believe that there be much of a future to speak of - pearl we be in a bit of a decadent spiral , be not we ? we pass one half - undress weimar woman , evoke thirty Berlin , spread across the table . billy sinking fast . ray Big brother , baby . all the way . reveal Arthur and the creature sprawle around a table teaming with empty pint . Quick singles on each of they : malcolm which be why we prefer impression to idea - pearl brief flight to sustained one - ray exception to type - billy situation to subject - pearl and yourself ? Arthur look at they a moment . arthur well I be - I be just look for a room at the moment . CUT to : int . recording studio - later that night - 1974 we see Brian 's sing ' bittesweet 's / roxy Music . Brian record he version of the song alone in the darken studio . he return to its tender refrain with eye close , heart clench . in the hallway Mandy move through the shadow toward the studio , draw by the music . Inside a close track curl around Brian , revealing a perfect tear glitter on he cheek . CUT to : int . dive club - new york - late day - 1984 close on Mandy . mandy so for one entire day I actually think Brian 's be shot . that the whole thing be real , all he paranoias prove horribly true - arthur you mean - no one tell you - mandy nope . arthur why ? mandy forget . arthur Jesus . mandy I mean ... I know it be over . I just do not know it be up to I to make it stop . fade to : int . bijou town house entrance - day - 1975 we follow Mandy along the hallway lead to the old office . at the end of the hall way , we reach the main door . Mandy push it open and enter . int . bijou office - day - 1975 Inside , the office 's musical comedy ambience have turn film noir : shadow engulf the cavernous space where desk be pile with box and chair stack , overturn or cover in sheet . she walk through the desert ' cubicle 's , pass shady remnant of the past . against a far wall , the tv monitor be play more silent footage from the slade protest . Mandy look down . there , in the far corner of the room on a large mattress sit Brian . shirtless , he be snort cocaine off the ass of a nude black girl ( Coco ) , who be dead asleep . on a lone coffee table - the only other uncover furniture in sight - a mountain of cocaine have spill over paraphernalia and hundred - dollar bill . brian ( weak ) Mandy . mandy hello , Brian . Brian just stare for a few dumbfounded second before offer she the straw . mandy ( barely maintain ) no , thanks . Mandy stare at he , almost smile . slow track in begin as she shuffles through she belonging . she produce a folder and hold it out to he . she remain freeze , arm outstretch . this be the papers . I believe they be in order . all you need to do be sign . Brian watch as she turn and walk across the room to the coffee table . Mandy stick the folder into the pile of coke . so you will not forget . Brian stare , he face suddenly open like a child 's . brian I already have . Coco squirm in she sleep , tightening she grip around Brian . mandy evidently ! with that , Mandy turn and start out the door . then all at once she stop and turn to face he . fuck you , Brian ! do you ever - for one bloody second in you life want anything more - ( suddenly quiet ) - than this ? brief pause . brian ( suddenly lucid ) no . Mandy look at he , she eye fill , with a sad smile . mandy ( softly ) you problem be : ' you get what you want and do what you will . 's brian ( match she in a sudden game of quotation ) ' world , 's Mandy , ' be build out of suffer . there be suffer at the birth of a child as at the birth of a star . 's mandy ' you live in terror of not be misunderstand . 's brian ' woman defend themselves by attack , just as they attack by sudden and strange surrender . 's close on Mandy , she eye moist . mandy ( more to herself ) ' I lose my girlhood , true . but it be for you . 's suddenly a rear door bang open , startling Mandy and waking Coco . Shannon stand at the doorway , stare at Mandy . now Brian 's personal secretary , Shannon 's force have grow considerably . Coco open she eye and lift she head . shannon ( professionally irate ) what in God 's name be go on up here ? how the fuck do you get up here ? Brian , I be really sorry about that . brian it 's alright , Shannon . Mandy be just leave . shannon Mandy , if you have be so kind as to follow I - Shannon take Mandy firmly in hand and Mandy recoil , furiously . mandy let go of I . I be perfectly capable of make my own - Mandy go to leave through a lock door . shannon I really do not want to have to call someone - Brian giggle . mandy call someone ? I be he wife , for fuck 's sake ! Brian start 's laugh loudly and obnoxiously . Mandy 's eye fill with tear . enrage , she turn and sweep the pile of cocaine into the air . fuck the lot of you ! briefly slow motion : Brian , laugh through the white cloud , divorce papers and money that Mandy have just send sailing through the air . CUT to : ext . chelsea STREET - late afternoon - 1975 High aerial view of Mandy stream from the building and across the street . quiet music hold under . CUT to : int . dive club - new york - late day - 1984 arthur ( off-screen ) be that the last time you see he ? a distant trace of music begin as Arthur look up from he note . a slow track in begin . Mandy stand , pass Arthur on she way to the bar . no , but it be the last time we actually ah ... speak . I see he again - briefly - a few week later . at a concert . arthur he be perform ? trace in behind Mandy as the cigarette machine . mandy no. curt be actually perform . he and Jack Fairy have just finish they Berlin record and curt be in London play some gig . and Brian be there - for a second . I do not think anyone even see he . Music and track coverage as Mandy push the button . her cigarettes drop . close on Arthur . arthur which concert ? Mandy turn to he sudden CUT to : int . rainbow theatre - london - night - 1975 a ominous crash of organ announce the majesty of the old hall ; red velvet curtain curling up beneath its opulent proscenium , frame the stage like a golden crown . int . dive club - new york - late day - 1984 mandy it be like a tribute - sort of a farewell concert to glam rock . int . rainbow theatre - night - 1975 on-stage , through the final projection of glam icon , the silhouette of a loom coffin be reveal against deep purple light with its lid slowly open . a beam of golden light rise from the coffin , illuminate a slow cascade of glitter . the scrim be lift just as a cape figure emerge , waling into opal light . it 's Jack Fairy , look as tall and radiant as ever . Jack resume begin narration over a rouse applause . jack to save you wild , wild life to not ’er you fan embitter to cease you sad demise tonight we toast - swooping in on Arthur , he face amid the sea of spectator . there 's a panic in he eye . fast return : int . rainbow theatre - on stage - night - 9175 Music peak as a enormous banner unfurl like a flame . its gild script read : the death of glitter show ! a rockin’ flaming creature 's song ( ' 20th century Boy 's / T - rex ) begin . int . creature 's flat - night - 1975 teenage Arthur , close in the mirror , be make himself up as maxwell demon . the table be strewn with a mess of make - up and magic mushroom . the room be fill with pre concert excitement and banter as they all get ready . arthur be this work ? cos I want it blue-er . I do not think you should bother I think I should go on stage tonight , instead of you . flaming creature ( hand stick in the end of he jacket , can not get it out ) Arthur , come give we a hand with this . another band member be try to help , they fall on the bed . arthur stop move about ... I be do I eyeliner . CUT to : int . wing - rainbow theatre - later - 1975 fast zoom out from Arthur , dance wildly in the wing . in the wing a roadie put he hand on Arthur 's shoulder to settle he down . Arthur turn , embarrassed . he catch sight of : Three people approach from backstage : a musician , a hip woman with a clipboard - and curt Wild . zoom in . Arthur stare in disbelief . we hear : adult arthur ( voice - over ) yeah , I be try to reach curt Wild . I be a journalist from the Herald . swirl music over . CUT to : ext . new york alley - telephone booth - day - 1984 track around Arthur in a payphone . arthur yeah - hi , yeah , I be ... my name 's Arthur Stuart from the Herald . umm , I be , I be give this number , I be tell I could reach curt Wild , ah , here . int . office - new york - late day - 1984 match track around the back of curt 's head , on the phone to Arthur . he sit at the desk of a small , ratty office . curt listen ... ( mutter in background to someone else ) arthur yeah ? ... hello ? hello !? curt listen , I do not know who the hell give you this number - but curt Wild be not available and not interested in granting you or anyone else a interview on this subject - you get it ? arthur I be sorry - I be tell - curt slam down the phone . he look over to two suit with government insignia sit opposite on a tatter couch . ' Dead fink do not talk’ / Brian eno begin . CUT to : int . arthur 's apartment - new york - late afternoon - 1984 close up Arthur , stand and look in the mirror of he apartment . for a few beat he be still . then , suddenly , we hear the clatter of electronics . Arthur turn . zoom in to he desk where he be receive a telex ( fax ) . high angle : Arthur walk across the room to he desk . his apartment be a crooked , loom container , twice as tall as it be wide . its few bunker - style window be strangely high . extreme close -up : telex it read : ' name change search : brian slade - request denied 's Arthur pull out the chair to he desk . CUT to : later Computer screen . word flash by : ' file request for name change search : slade , brian 's Arthur 's face as he search , blue in the glow of he computer . the tv blare in the background . on computer screen : Brian slade 's real name and birthplace appear : brian slade , bear : Thomas Brian stoningham slade , 2 January 1948 , in Birmingham , great Britain . name change : 16 March 1971 [ Brian slade ] , 23 January 1979 [ access denied ]. Arthur glance up from he computer . tv screen Shannon , brittle for she age , speak into a mike . beside she sit Tommy Stone . shannon ( on tv ) ... due to the overwhelming demand , additional show be be add whenever and wherever possible . track in to Arthur who be stick , watch . suddenly he race back to he computer . on computer screen , close up across slade 's birth - name : thomas brian patrice stonignham slade . track into the name ' thomas ... stoningham 's Arthur stare at the screen . he look back at the tv set . fast pan / zoom into tv screen . shannon ( on tv ) regrettably , Mr Stone only have time for a few brief question this morning as he be schedule to catch a plane to Zurich - reporter ( on tv ) Tommy ! Tommy ! Tommy ! track into screen , as music flare . Tommy Stone bear a mark resemblance to Brian slade . CUT to : ext . new york street - sunset - 1984 Music continue as Arthur run through the rush hour crowd of New York . int . news room corridor - night - 1984 Arthur race down the shadow hallway to Lou 's office . he knock . arthur Lou ? Lou ? he open the door . it 's dark inside . he hear a sound and look back to the elevator . the door be open and Lou be get in . Lou ! Arthur go run down the hall . Lou ! lou ! lou I be sorry , Arthur . I be late . arthur Lou ! I think I be on to something . Lou press a button and the door open . lou what ? arthur something quite big . I think I know who Brian slade be . lou that story 's be drop . arthur what ? why ? the elevator door be close . lou I need you on the Stone show . arthur but that 's it - the door close . arthur what do they say to you ? Lou ! a slow build of music begin . return to : ext . new york STREET - late day - 1984 Arthur stare at a poster of Tommy Stone on a bus stop . close on Arthur , stare sadly . cheerless music begin rise ' gimme danger 's / iggy and the stooge . Music build as we follow Arthur in close up , fight back memory . finally , he shut he eye . dissolve to : int . rainbow theatre - on stage - night - 1975 Dark , golden glimpsis of a sinewy body , move to the music . the music hear be curt perform he last song to Brian , a mournful plea for submission . he be dress only in tight fitting , silver pants and throughout the song he cower and crawl : close track in to Arthur , watch from the wing , surround by the creature . curt sing with tender , ominous restraint , let loose only at the end . Mandy , also watch , by herself , from the wing . on-stage curt sing with seethe intensity . when the song finally erupt into a swarm of guitar , curt break into desperate thrashes across the stage . in the wing Arthur sneak another glance at : Mandy , watch curt with a furrow brow . suddenly she turn and look out to the rear of the auditorium . Arthur follow she gaze . from the back of the house a figure step into view , silhouett against the light of a exit door . Arthur squint to make it out . close , we see that it 's Brian . on-stage curt 's thrashing continue . curt claw at himself and thrashes with desperate emotion , feel and re-living he pain . the song reach a peak as the deep blue light slowly fade to black . finally he huddle / collapse face down on stage . there be a split second of silence before the crowd explode . close on Brian , who slip away . CUT : int . rainbow theatre - backstage - moment later - 1975 in relative darkness , the roadie be clear a path for the band to exit the stage , cornere Arthur . Dark , wet body crash past . as curt come darting by , Mandy suddenly bolt past the roadie and grab he . close on Arthur , cornere by they hug . he hear : mandy that be really beautiful curt yeah ? thanks . houselight come up and Mandy and curt disengage , speak quietly to one another . Arthur look down , try to listen inconspicuously . ( quietly ) do you ...? mandy ( also quietly ) no I do not see he . then she turn , catch sight of Arthur . curt look up as well . Arthur stand catch , a doe -ey maxwell demon . for a moment , curt be take aback by Arthur 's youthful homage . arthur ( voice - over ) it 's only now , look back , that I see - dissolve to : int . rainbow theatre - lobby - night - 1975 slow motion track in to curt , surround by colourful figure and paint face at a pack , post - show reception . everyone be laugh , drink and grab one another , but the colour have fade , the glitter wear , and a dark , berlin-style decadence have set in . track end as curt look up , spot someone from across the room . match track in to Arthur , squeeze into the corner of the lobby , trap by curt 's glance . arthur ( voice -over ) - how you patch through my wall and enter my life ... in wave . Arthur look down shyly and back up again . curt 's eye be fix . fast dissolve to : ext . rainbow theatre roof - 4 a.m. - 1975 close back - track with Arthur as he walk across the dark rooftop . shadows pass over he face like a ghost . the music yield to curt 's deep , internal whisper . curt ( voice - over ; slow , thoughtful ) come closer . do not be frighten . what 's you name ? you favourite colour ? song. Movie . do not be nervous . be you high ? Arthur whisper he response aloud , half to himself : arthur I be on a button . fast dissolve to earlier : ext . rainbow theatre - roof - earlier - 1975 Wide track in on curt , who sit at the far end of the roof watch we approach ( Arthur 's Pov during he previous walk ) . a voice return but it 's adult Arthur we hear : adult arthur ( voice - over ) he be wait for I . I have follow he signal and slip away and now - suddenly - fast dissolve to : ext . rainbow theatre - rooftop - later - 1975 curt burst up laugh , open a can of beer that spray all over himself . he sit with Arthur at the far corner of the roof , blush with giggle . close on Arthur 's face , speckle with beer . curt look up . curt hey - Arthur follow , just catch sight of : a fall star . zoom in on curt : make a wish . CUT to : ext . rainbow theatre - roof - later - 1975 Music continue as we follow curt 's hand as it travel to Arthur and land tenderly on he cheek . Arthur be pull off he shirt , stand over curt who be also shirtless . fast dissolve : ext . rainbow theatre - roof - later - 1975 extreme close - up of curt 's hand on Arthur 's bare back , he cool white skin fill the screen . we follow it down . fast CUT to : ext . rainbow theatre - roof - morning - 1975 curt laugh as someone ( Arthur ) watch he pee . fast return to : ext . rainbow theatre - roof - night - 1975 in sweaty close - up , curt see something in the sky . curt hey - Arthur 's eye dart up . he see : a luminous spacecraft , like the one that pass over Old Dublin . it swirl over London with a thunderous boom - and vanish . all that remain be a sky full of glitterdust . close on curt 's lip , whisper through the cascade . a wide shot of the roof , now awash in stardust , as the white body of curt and Arthur be see through the sparkles ; curt behind Arthur , gently fuck . a long , slow crane out begin , as music and voice peak . and see yourself , on-stage , inside - out . a tangle of garland in you hair . of course you be pleasantly surprised . teen arthur ( voice - over ) softly , he say ... all three voice ( whisper - curt , Teen / adult Arthur ) I will mangle you mind . we withdraw as the body of curt and Arthur be engulf and the artificiality of the set intensify , warping perspective in the style of caligari . int . stage - grand ballroom set - night the track continue , revealing the bomb - out remain of a grand ballroom , and Brian , turn to the camera , dress as a bejewel maxwell demon . he begin to sing ( ' tumble Dow not / Steve harley cockney rebel ) , slowly descend a gnarled staircase as we pull out . he stop at a half - blow landing just as a tatter chandelier be raise into frame . he mount the shimmer beast , and find a wreath of flower around its cable . as he ascend , he throw flower out to the ' audience 's below . maxwell demon , be go . fast CUT to : int . stadium show - new york - night - 1984 close on Arthur 's close eye , imagine the previous maxwell demon show . Arthur be in the audience of a Tommy Stone concert , applaud , come out of he reverie . briefly : int . stadium show - on -stage _ night - 1984 we see the actual show : Tommy Stone in glitzy white garb , arm open , receive applause and bouquet of flower . CUT to : ext . madison square garden - night - 1984 Arthur walk out of the theatre to ' Dead fink do not talk’ / Brian eno . fan be rush past . up ahead , a small crowd have gather around the stage door . there be cheer as Tommy Stone appear . a huge spotlight be turn on to the door . Arthur stop and watch . reporter Tommy ! Tommy ! where do you get the idea for such a spectacular stadium show ? tommy tell you the truth - it 's a bloody pain in the ass ! the whole thing take six full size rig or three charter plane to transport . what can I say ? I think big ! Arthur approach the crowd . reporter Tommy ! what 's you opinion on the work of President reynold have be do - tommy excellent . excellent . I think he 's do brilliant work . he 's a - tremendous leader , a tremendous spokesperson for the need of the nation today - suddenly Arthur yell out over the other : arthur Tommy ! what be you response to the recent allegation connect you to bisexual pop singer Brian slade , who stage he own assassination ten year ago this week in London ? Tommy be white . Reporters swarm as Arthur watch . Tommy , devoure by Security Men , whisk away . Shannon be suddenly at the mike . shannon I be sorry , lady and gentleman , that 's all the question Mr Stone have time for this evening . thank you very much - Arthur , still behind the chaos of Reporters . CUT to : int . tommy 's dressing room - new york - night - 1984 Music as we follow Shannon and various assistant escort Tommy back to he dress room . in the background tv news be hear : tv tonight , the tri-state Area pull out all the stop in welcoming pop superstar Tommy Stone to madison Square Garden . Stone be promote he grammy -win release , ' people Rockin 's people 's , to sell - out arena worldwide ... Tommy be silent then in the midst of a cool panic . shannon ( to everyone in the room , but Brian ) get out ! now ! shut the door ! close on Shannon , eye shut , as people clear . when the door close we hear a squeal like Little Richard 's come from the tv . Tommy look over . tv screen the news broadcast of the Tommy Stone concert cut to a clip . suddenly Tommy Stone in white tuxedo turn to camera : the young ' Brian slade 's dress as stone turn back , glaring almost sinisterly , taunting he through the airwave . match track into Tommy , look precisely as if he 's see a ghost . rising music suddenly end : CUT to : int . midtown bar - new york - night - 1984 the door shut behind Arthur in a dark mid-town bar . everyone look up . there be a strange between -song silence . Arthur proceed , self consciously . a Tommy Stone song being on the jukebox . ( ' people Rockin 's people 's / shudder to think ) but people in the bar continue stare at Arthur . he approach the bar . arthur beer , please . Arthur notice a group of mostly black teenager , deck out in Tommy Stone gear . they whisper to each other . one teenage girl start walk over . the bartender hand Arthur he beer , stare all the while at Arthur 's jacket . Arthur realize he 's still wear he press pass and start take it off . teenage girl Excuse I , sir . be you with the Tommy Stone Tour ? arthur no . I be just a journalist . perhaps you have like my press pass as a souvenir ? her eye widen . Arthur hand she the pass . teenage girl thanks , mister . she squeal and run back to show she friend as Arthur turn and walk deeper into the long , narrow bar . he pass the jukebox , and discover a second bar in the back : smaller and moodier . a man in a leather jacket be drink along . Arthur stop . he can not believe he eye . it 's curt Wild , fold a Tommy Stone guest pass into origami . Arthur smile and start advance before even decide to . curt look up . he just glare . arthur you be curt Wild . curt ( irritable ) yeah ? who the hell be you ? brief silence . arthur I be a journalist . from the Herald . you be at the concert ? curt just stare at he . it 's just funny because ... well , I be just try to contact you actually . for a story I be do - curt have now turn away . - about a old friend of yours ? Brian slade ? curt look up for a moment , hide he interest . be try to find out ... what actually happen to he . curt look - arthur I mean , before he become - curt stop . tight on Arthur , peek up at he . -such a mystery . curt snort out a sudden guffaw . curt look , man , I do not know who you have be talk to or what you be after here , but ... ( trail off ) arthur what ? curt look away again .. what ? curt listen - a real artist create beautiful thing and ... put nothing of he win life into they . okay ? arthur be that what you do ? curt no. ( brief silence ) we set out to change the world and end up ... just change ourselves . arthur what 's wrong with that ? curt nothing . ( silence ) if you do not look at the world . quiet music under slow pan past kid gather at the jukebox , clique of Tommy Stone fan , conservative , bored . one gay latino Boy sit braid a girl hair . end on a huge Tommy Stone poster . ( off-screen ) well , I guess in the end he get what he want . curt stand in though another beat before slip on he jacket and down he beer . close on Arthur look up at he with a distant smile . arthur that 's quite a - pin you get there . close on curt 's jacket : the antique emerald pin sparkles green . curt oh yeah . arthur be it old ? curt ( examine it ) possibly . it belong to oscar wilde . or so I be tell by the person who give it to I . Arthur 's eye flash up . the shimmer swell . this friend of mine who kinda ... disappear ... some year back . extreme close - up of curt . ( very far - away ) I forget where we be . on a trip . but he say to I , ' curt ... flash to : ext . beach - day - 1973 a bleach - out image of Brian and curt on some beach . from a great distance , Brian be pin something on curt 's shirt . curt ( voice-over ) ... a man 's life be he image . 's CUT to : brief silent shot : ext . rainbow theatre - roof - morning - 1975 urine stream in a puddle . close on teenage Arthur watch curt from behind . the remain of he maxwell demon make - up sully he face . curt , stand pee , turn . back to : int . mid - town bar - new york - night - 1984 the emerald pin , roll loose in the palm of curt 's hand . curt here . why do not you hang on to it ? flash up to Arthur 's face . arthur I ? curt why not ? I have have it too long anyway . go ahead . curt put it in Arthur 's hand . Arthur look down at it , speechless . ( tenderly ) for you image . curt stand up , get ready to go . Arthur look up at he , shaking he head . briefly : coin be push through slot , jukebox button press . arthur really . I could not . but thanks . Arthur return the pin with a polite smile . briefly : a jukebox forty - five drop into place . curt take the pin , pocket it . the introduction to ' 2 hb 's / roxy Music begin on the jukebox . back to Arthur , close , who turn toward the jukebox . the gay latino Boy Teen recognize the song . latino boy oh God , I love this song . do you know this song ? girl I do not think so . Arthur turn back to curt . curt anyway . arthur yeah . curt see ya around . arthur cheer . curt nod with a strange smile and turn . Arthur watch he go . he reach for he beer and finish it off - and nearly gag . he spit something out in he hand . close on the palm of he hand : the emerald pin lie cover in beer spittle . Arthur smile , look up in curt 's direction . extreme close - up of Arthur . arthur ( voice - over ) he call it freedom . briefly : Silent shot . ext . rainbow theatre - roof - morning - 1975 curt , turn to camera while take a piss ( as before ) Arthur , stretch out on the mattress , laugh . return to : int . mid - town bar - new york - night - 1984 slow extreme close up around Arthur 's face , star into the past . arthur ( voice - over ) a freedom you can allow yourself . Arthur glance into the main bar . or not . the first verse begin ( sung by Jack Fairy ) , as Arthur close the pin in he hand . jack ( sing ) oh , I be move by a screen dream ... dissolve to : int . rainbow theatre - night - 1975 Jack Fairy perform the glam-rock anthem with regal pathos , at the death of glitter show . Jack stand at the edge of the stage under a single spot . Arthur stand crush in a corner , sway to the music with Ray , Pearl and billy . slow track in on Mandy , watch from the wing . we ascend , rise up from the stage , as a mist of glitter begin to fall . we pass the face of glitter legend , project onstage : maxwell , Brian , curt , Jack , polly . we continue , rise into the darkness . dissolve to : ext . rainbow theatre - roof - dawn - 1975 we pass through to the roof where it be dawn and snow . curt and Arthur be there , hang out after sex . they turn in we direction but we continue we ascent . dissolve through : a series of shot : ext . london street - day - 1974 Shots of busy londoner on they way to work . montage of face ( from beginning ) the three Young punk , sing along to the chorus . two London Girls , arm in arm , sing . the face of New York Street kid , look up , some sadly , some angrily . Boy with Crew cut , eye close sing a hold note to the sky london pub - night - 1974 the song 's chorus continue through a small transistor radio from which we track , revealing a candle - light pub during the 1974 miner 's strike . track past the warm , flicker face of patron , pint in hand , gaze solemnly toward the music . hard CUT to black : ' make I smile 's / Steve harley cockney rebel over close credit . back to moulin goldmine ! * if you enjoy read this , please sign the guestbaok and let we know !* geovisit ( ) ;