alfred hitchcock's vertigo screenplay by alec coppel and Samuel Taylor ho ' i. ext . san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) - close shot ne i we see a close view of a roof parapet and the curve not ! rail of a fire escape . in the b.g. , be large sky - acraper with all they window fully light in the ! late winter afternoon , this background be use for the credit title of the picture , after the last card have fade out , we hold on to the empty parapet , when suddenly a man 's hand reach and grip the top of the rail . it be - follow by another hand and , after a beat , we see the face of a man in he early } 30' , he be a italian type , with rough feature . i , he turn quickly and look below he and then turn - : ing back , spring up over the empty parapet and be lose from view , we stay on the empty scene for a second or two as we hear the scraping of boot on the iron ladder , someone else be come up . pre - ~ sently , two more hand and the head of a uniform policeman with cap and badge start to climb over the parapet . the camera pull back so that by the time he have complete he climb , he be in full figure . he dash out of the picture draw he gun , immediately follow he over the parapet , a detective in plain clothes climb over , this be 's JOHN ferguson , know as scottie , he too pull a gun and dash out of the picture . 2 . ext . san francisco roof top ~ ( dusk ) - long shot a vast panorama of the San Francisco skyline . nearer to we be three tiny figure run and jumping over the roof top . the man on the run , whom we first see climb over the parapet , be dress in a white shirt and light tan linen slack , and wear sneaker , the uniform man be shoot at he . scottie be dress in medium gray clothes . the camera slowly pan the group across the roof top . 3 . ext . san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) - mo . shot we now see a short gap between rooftop , with a drop below , the pursue man make the leap successfully tollow by the uniform : policeman , scottie make the same leap , but almost trip in take off and be throw off balance , he try to recover , land awkwardly on the opposite roof , and fall forward , prone , with a heavy impact that burt and drive the i breath from he . body , he try to rise but raise 9-12-57 's ( continue ) | a ae ( 5 ph ' ' } t i | '' i 1 { i : ! 9 . sei from among the dead 2 . 3 . ( cont 'a ) he head with a look of pain ~ one leg be double up under the other . the tile give way , and he slide backwards , and he leg go over the edge of the roof , then he body . in he daze he grasp at the loose tile , and as he go over the edge he clutches on to the gutter , which give way , and he swing off into space , look down . ext . san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) - close shot scottie look down , , " ext , san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) + long shot from scottie 's viewpoint , the gap beneath the building - and the ground below . it seem to treble its depth . ' ext . san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) - clos eup scottie look down with horror , his eye close as @ wave of nausea overcome he . ext . san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) + medium shot in the distance the flee criminal , the policeman , see what have happen to scottie , return to the slope of the roof and strain to reach down to scottie . policeman ~ give I you hand ! ext . san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) - close up scottie' head . his hand grip the edge of the gutter . the tip of the finger of policeman strain to reach scottie , be at the top of screen . ' scottie begin to open he grip but stare down , he quickly resume he grip look up hopelessly towards the help hand . he look down again . from scottie' viewpoint ~- the hada below still a long way away . . ext . san francisco roof top — ( dusk ) - medium shot the policeman 's hand in foreground , he face beyond . ( cont inue ) rere memento ep en tere una ig apm py rtbu ad vert ie from among the dead 3 . 210 . ( cont would ) 13 . 3 . 16 , 9/12/57 poli cman what 's the matter with you ? give I you hand ! policeman endeavor to stretch out he hand further . ext . san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) eee the tile beneath the policeman 's heel begin to give . the policeman start to slide . 's he claw desperately at the surface of the roof . — ext , san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) - closeup ee scottie , he eye close . he open they as he hear a wild cry . : ext . san francisco roof top ~ ( dusk ) - long shot the '' policeman fall through space . ' ext . san francisco roof top + ( dusk ) . - closeup scottie stare down in horror . _ ext . san francisco roof top - ( dusk ) - long shot the body of the policeman sprawle on the ground pelow . people be run into the alleyway ; they stare at the body , look up to where scottie be hang - ing . . we see the light on they upturn face . and now we hedr a police whistle blow shrilly , again and again . . vo up to this moment the background music have have a . excitement to match the scene , and now it cut off abruptly , leave only the echo of the police whistle as the dissolve begin . then , in the dissolve , we hear the gentle insistence of scarlatti play by a chamber orchestra . dissolve to : ~ int , a apartment on russian hill - ( late afternoon ) it is°fresh , light , and simple , and crowded with book , phonograph record , picture . the most strike feature of the apartment 1s the view : ( continue ) aw from among the dead he 16 . ( cont would ) 9-12-57 the rise hill of San Francisco frame by a large picture window . to. one side of the window be the owner of the apartment , majorie wood , call midge , at a commercial draw table concentrate with professional intensity on a. draw of a slim , elongate woman with few feature and fewer clothes . brassiere sit on a table at midge 's elbow , and she study it as she draw . midge Wood 4s about thirty - seven , attractive , straightforward , well - but-simply -dress ; she wear glass but do . not whip they on and off as they do in the movie . the music come from a gramophone . the other oc - eupant of the room be scottie . he sit in a big chair , with he foot stretch out on a ottoman and he head far back . there be a drink on a table nearby . he rouse himself to reach for it , and in do so imock over he walk stick that have be propped against the chair . he reach out to catch it , and in the quickness of try to keep it from fall , he wrench he body around . scottie owl ! midge ( pay little attention ) I think you say no more aches and pain ? . scottie it 's this darn corset . it bind . he retrieve the stick . no 's threé - way stretch ? how very un -chic . . - " " " . gcormmq ige -° - well , you kmow that police de - partment doctor : no sense of style : co ) * ( sigh tefull ah , tomo " . 7 . . . '' rp what 's tomorrow ? " scorrre tomorrow ... the corset come off . and this thing go out the window . ( he wave the stick ) I shall bé a free man . I shall wiggle my behind ... free and unconfine . ( continue ) of > a www wu ry 16 . 9-12-57 from among the dead 5 . ( cont would ) he raise . he eyebrow with a surprised and gratify smile . midge look over at he with a grimace . scottie midge , do you suppose many man wear corset ? - midge more than you think . scottis ( interested ) how do you know ? personal experience ? midge please ! ( then , impersonally ) and what happen after tomorrow ? scottie what do you mean ? . midge . what be you go to do ? now that you have quit the police force ? scottie . ( gently ) . you sound so disapprove , midge . . midge : . no , it 's you life , but you be the bright young lawyer who de - cide he be go to be chief of police some day . . scottie : ( gently ) I have to quit , midge . midge Way ? scottie I wake up at night see he fall from the roof .... , and try to reach out for he , midge it be not you fault . scottis iimow . everybody telis I . ( continue ) 'w from among the dead 6 16 . ( cont * a ) . midge jonnay , the doctor explain --- scottie wv tt know . I have acrophobia . what a ~w " @dsease , a fear of height . and what a moment to find out I have it . midge well , you have get it . and there 's no lose it . and there 's no one to blame . so why quit ? - scotiie and sit behind a desk ? ghairborne ? . midge it 's where . you belong . . scot tie ( with a grin} . not with my acrophobia , midge . if I drop a pencil on the floor and bent down to pick it up , it could be disastrous ! _ midge ( laugh ) ah , johnny - 0....06 she consider he for a moment , then go back to she work . by now he be up and wander about with the help of the stick , midge ( finally , as she work ) well ?.... what will you do ? scottize nothing for a while . you forget , I be a man. of independent mean . or fairly independent . midge be do not you go away for a wntie ? scottree ( grin ) to forget ? do not be so motherly , midge . I be not go to crack up . midge have you have any dizzy spell thia . week ? be s7 : ( continue ) my from among the dead Te CO 16 .. ( cont would ) ( ~ oo scottie : 5 I be have one now . | { | } she look up sharply with quick apprehension . scottie from that music . > . , midge . : oh ! she go and turn off the gramophone . scottie have wander over to the draw table . ‘oo u scottie what 's this do-hickey here ? he turn the brassiere over with he stick . . midge | of o . it 's a brassiere , you know about | : this thing . you be a big boy , j now . - | _ scottie : I | a . I have never run across one like of D that . | Le . i midge it 's brand new . Revolutionary uplift , no shoulder strap , no back strap , but do everything a ? . a brassiere should do . it work " on the principle of the cantilever bridge . ° scottie . oo , ( impress ) ae ) uhehuh ! & : midge a aircraft engineer down the peninsula design it . he wark it out in he spare time . scottige - . what a pleasant hobby . he wander back to the chair and watch she work for a long moment . then : 6 vo scottiz - how 's you love life , midge ? qual 2 - 57 ' ( continue ) of j 9u12=57 , ( cont taj '' from among the dead 8 midge that 's follow a train of think . , . scottie well ? : midge normal . scottie be not you ever go to get marry ? . " - midge ( lightly ) you kmow there 's only cme man _ dm the world for I , jchnny - 0 . scottie : yeah , I be a brute . we be engage . once though , be not we ? . . midge Three whole week . scottie ah , sweet college day . but youtre the one who blow it . I be still available . avaiiable - Ferguson . say , midge , do you remember a guy at college name gavin elster ? gevin ? gavin El yout a & ster ? ou. think I would , no. - : - scottie '' y I get a call from he today . funny . he drop out of sight during the war , end I would hear he would go bast . I guess he 's back . , ( he fish out . - a slip of peper ) it 's a Mission number . ° winge that 's skid row , be not it ? to scorrre = could be . : ( continue ) ws 16 . 9-12-57 ( cont would ) from among the dead % ss | midge he 's probably on the bum and | want to touch you for the price of a drink . | scottie well , itm on the bum ; I will buy he a couple of drink and tell he my trouble . but not tonight . if you will not drink with I , I ! | drink alone , tonight . . ) ( he rise to go ) scottie midge , what do you mean , there 's no lose it ? midge - midge sorry , old man . work . . | what . scottie my ...... the acrophobia . midge I ask my doctor , he say only another emotional shock could do 4t , and probably would not . and you be not go to go diving off smother rooftop to find out . scor Tre I think I can lick it . widge how ? , scottie ' itve get a theory , look . if I cen get use to height just a little at a time .... progressively , see ? he have be look about eagerly , see a low footstool , drag it to the center of the room as he speak . scottie ( contime ) here , I will show you what I mean . wetil start with this . thatio7s ( continue ) be from among the dead 10 . 16 . ( contd ) : what do you want I to start with - the Golden Gate Bridge ? he have step up . on the footstool . and stand there proudly look up and down . . oo . scottie now . I look up , it look down . I look up , I look down . see ? nothing to it . . | | scottie eran : verlapp s32 stop kid , Walt a minute . she dash to the. kitchen , return quickly with a small aluminum household ladder . . scottie D2 4 b , that 's my girl ! here ? he step on the '' first step . : C apeR ~ step mmber two . - scorrtr oxay . oy ' he get up om the second step and go through the. routine . scottie I look up , I look down . - I look up , I look down . I be go to fe right out and buy I a nice , tall stepladder . here. we Zoe & : he get on the top step . . midge basy , now . 2 ° _ scottie > this be a cinch . I look up , I lock down . I lock up -- ; and at this moment . he make the mistake of tume and look out through the picture window , of . 17 . from scottie' viewpoint - cu we see the depth down to the street below the window . the whole picture begin to weave . ‘nl 2057 xy : I ) ) cy 18.. lo > . : " 19 . lo , ' 20 . ' ' o 3 co . cc : C ow 2 . «ee 2 22. ry ~ C C '' ~ 9n12-57 . eighties . from among the'de! D . 00 . 0 - 1 he int . midge's apartment - ( lat afternoon ) .- closeup ) ef scottie - expression of nausea . . ) from scotite's vieveoint - long shot | the weaving view change to the original scene wher the ground recede in a rush and the body of the | policeman fall into space , 1 ' } ' , hts midge's apartment - ( late afternoon ~ medium shot . : 5 a scottie 's face distort with agony - he eye close 1 @nd he begin to slump . camsra pull back slightly as '' midge now come into shot , put up she hand to he to hold he , and he weight be . on she and he head : be slump , and the joke be over , . johnny } . . oo '' + - gconrre . { muttering , .bis face '' ight , bis eye shut ) oh , dam it ! dam it , damn it -- dissolve : oo - _ bet , a shipyard = ( day ) -- long shot boat up on way , man swarm over , crane move . at the gate , scottie have pause to speak to the gateman , the gateman indicate a building in the distance , . scottie nod , go past he , start .acrass the. shipyard toward the building , ' dissolve to : int , gavin elster's office - ( day ) a well - appoint office with a large window look out upon a busy shipyard . there be a couple of model of modern freighter . in glass casa , but more important , on the wall be many frame print and poster and map relate to early California history ; some from the mexican day , many from the gold rush day , many of San Francisco in the seventy and behind the desk sit gavin elster , a man about scottie 's age , huskily build , slightly bald , with cool , watchful eye . ee be beautifully tailore , and give . the sense of a man who relish money and know how to use it , he sit quietly watch scottie , who stand stare out . the window at the activity of the shipyard , after a long =oment : ( continue ) u a from among the dead 12 . ( cont would ) scottie . how would ' you get into the ship . pbuild business , gavin ? elster I marry into it . scottie shoot he a small surprised smile of approval at he franimess , then look out the window again . scottr interesting business . elster no , to be honest , I find it dull . scottie you do not have to do it for a live . - elster no . but one assume obligation . my wife 's family be all go ; someone - have to look after she in ~ terest , her father 's partner run the company yard in the East -- Baltimore - so I decide as long as I have to work at it , I would come back here , I have always like it here . scottie how long have you be back ? elster almost a year . : scottie and you like it . elster San Francisco 's change . the thing that spell San Francisco to. I be disappear fast . scottie smile at the old print on the wall . scottie like all this . elster ( nodding ) I would like to have live here then . the color and excitement ... the power ... the freedom , ( continue ) getand7 ! so from among the dead = 13 . ( cont to ) though he do not stress the word , the way he linger softly on the word " freedom " make scottie look over ohay again . elster look . up and smile companione ably . elster - shouldntt you be sit down ? . ~ * scottie no , itm all right , iwas sorry to read about that thing in the papers , " ( no answer and you have quit the force . ( scottie nod ) a permanent physical disability ? - scottie no , acrophobia.is not a crippling . thing . it just mean I can not climb steep stair or go to high place , <- zie the bar at the top-of-the - Mark . uc . ( shrug ana smile ) we~ - there be plenty of street - level bar in this town . elster consider the top of he desk for a moment , then look up . would you like a drink now ? . '' + scottie no ... no , thanks , a bit early in the day for spirit , . ( pause ) well , . I guess that about cover everything , do not 1t7 I never marry ; I do not see much of the fold college gang " ; I be a retire detective - and you be in the shipe building business , - ( pause ) what 's on you mind , gavin ? a 's moment , '' then elster rise from the desk casually , wander across the room , look out the window , get out a handkerchief and blow he nose prosaically , finally turn and regards seottie coolly and directly for a long moment ... ( continue ) we 2 ' £ ‘9012u57 '' from among the dead uy. ( conta ) elster I ask you to come up here , scottie , - larowing that you have quit detective work , but I wonder whether you would go back on the job = as a special favor to I . scottie look at he questioningly . blster : I want you to follow my wife . scottie do not change expression , and yet one can sense the feel of anti-climax within he , and the almost imperceptible small cynical smile deep behind ‘his eye . elster not what you think . we be very happily marry . - : 7 scorrig then ? ce > grgrer | Im afraid some harm may come . , to she , 7 scottie from whom ? Lee : " rester someone dead . '' seottie wait . ~ elster . scottie '' do you believe that someone out of the past , someone dead , can enter and take possession of a live be ? - " scorn no . . '' if I tell you I believe that have bappen to my . wife , what would you say ? : scorris I would sey you would better take she to the nearest psychiatrist , psychologist , ( continue ) 22 . > a a g-t2-57 '' 7 where would she go ? . from among the dead 15 . ( cont to ) 7 scottie ( cont ! ) nevrologist , psychoanalyst , or plein family doctor , and have he check you both . elster | ( defeat ) then you be of . no use to I . I be sorry I waste you time , thank you for come . in , scottie . scottie rise to go , awkwardly , puzzle , a bit apologetic , scottie I do not mean to be that rough , ~ ° ' elster no , it sound idiotic , I imow , | and you be still the hard - head i Scot , be not you ? always be . i do you think I be make it up ? scottia : no. i elster . / itm not make it up . I would not ' mow how . shetll be talk to - I about something , nothing at all , '' | and suddenly the word fade into silence and a cloud come into she eye and they go blank .... and she be somewhere else , away from my ... some= one I do not mow . I call to she and she do not hear , and then with a long sigh . she be back , and look at I brightly , and do not know she 's be away .... can not tell I where ... or why.ee - - scotftre how often do . this happen ? . elster . more and more in the past few week , and she wander , God know where she wander , I follow she one day . scottie ( continue ) o 22 . ( cont would ) 2 co 9-12-57 wv " well ? elster almost . ignore the question as he look back x to the day . elster watched she come out of the apartment , someone I do not know ... walk in a different way ... hold she head in a way I do not know ; and get into she car , and drive out to ... ( he smile grimly ) Golden Gate Park . five mile . she sit on a bench at the edge of the lake and stare across the water to the old pillar that stand on the far shore , the portal of the past . Sat there a long time , not move ... and I have to leave , to get to ' the office . that evening , when I come home , I ask what she would do all day . she say she would drive to . Golden Gate Park and sat.by the lake . that 's all . scoptie elster the speedometer of she car show she have drive 9 mile that day . where do she go ? ( pause ) T have to know , scottie . where she go and what she do , before - I get involved with doctor . , - scottie have you talk to the doctor at - elster yes , but carefully . I would want to ' mow more before commit she to that kind of care . {anztous1y ) scottie -- '' scottie ( quickly ) I can get you . a firm of private eye to follow she for you . they be dependable , good boy -- : ( continue ) from among the dead 16 . | _ : 22. 4a qo 23 . G ~ qe12-57 ~ erom among the dead 17 . ( cont would ) elster ( break in ) I want you . scoftie it 's not my line . elster scottie , I need a friend ! someone I 'can trust ! I be in a panic about _. , shist : : Long pause . . scottie how can I see she , to imow she ? - blster we be go to a open 's at the . gpera tonight . '' we will dinevat emida 's first . ' : which be easier ? . scoftie Ernie 's . all right . ~~ ( pause ) you will not lmow what to ' look for at first , scottie . even I , who know she so well , can not tell , sometimes , when the change have begin . she look so lovely and normal ... the last part of this speech carry through the dissolve . dissolve to : int . ernie' restaurant - ( night ) we be in the upstairs room that , in mood and decor , take we back to Bonanza day . this be the way San Francisco be . scottie be at the bar , turn a little so that he face into the dining room , and as . he drink he eye search the room slowly , carefully . the camera search with he , pass over the many well - dress woman , until it come to rest on a table - for two against the far wall . gavin elster be seat there , dining with he wife . scottie can not get a ' elear look at she . she be turn slightly away from he , and when she do turn she head in he direction there always seem to be a waiter pass to block the view . and during all of this we hear elster 's voice , continue from the previous scene . ( continue ) vw 5 236 3 9«12=57 from among tee dead 18 . ' ( cont would ) elster's voice ( continue ) i but I realize now that the deep i change begin on the first day I : bring she to San Francisco , you kmow what San Francisco do to people who have never see it before . i all of it happen to madeleine , but | with such a intensity as to be : i almost frightening . she be like a child come home , everything about the city excited she : she have to walk all the hill , explore the edge of the ocean , see all the old house and wander the old street ; and when she come upon something unchange , something that be as it have be , she delight be so strong so fiercely possessive } this thing be hers , and yet she have never be here before , she have be bear and raise in the East , I like : it nat first , of course , I love this : place ; I want my bride to love it . but then it begin to make I uneasy . her delight wastoo strong ; she excite - ment be too intense , it . never fade ; she laugh be too loud , she eye sparkle too brightly ; there be some - thing feverish about the way she embrace the city . she possess it . and then one day she change again ... and a great sigh settle on she , and the cloud come into she eye .... now gavin elster have sign the check , and he and bis wife rise and start for the door , scottie still can not get a unobstructed view of she face , but we can see in flash that she be young , in she twenty , with a mobile , attractive face and gentle eye that have warmth and intelligence and humor . scottie be intent on she , at the doorway to . the bar , only two foot from he , she stop end wait as she hueband peuse behind she to speak to the headwaiter and he and tip he . she look about calmly , with sure , distant repose , her eye come to rest on scottie for a moment , then move on with the small smile . during all of the above , elster 's voice have go on , without pause , and he narration end as the girl , madeleine , come to a stop near scottie and wait . ( continue ) - im from among the dead 19 . oq 236 ( cont would ) 3 I do not kmow what happen that day : where she go , what she see , ) what she do , but on that day , the search be end , she have find what she be look for , she have come home , and something in the '' city possess she , as scottie stare at she , they eye meet for a moment , and he turn to reach for he drink , when he turn back , she be go . he look abcut , slightly startle , then catch a glinmse of she oo as : she " turn the '' sorner of the upstairs lobby . '' his 2 : aye grow . thoughtful , and glow with the memory of she ‘ace . dissolve to : . | { elster's voice ( cont would ) 2h . ext , brocklebank apartment - ( day ) + semi -clcseup scottie , seat in he car , a light gray sedan , be | pead the morning paper . the car radio be go and we hear conventional disc jockey music . ee glance out through he windshield , 25 . exd , brogrimbank apt . ~ ( day ) - long shot from hts Pov . we see a large block of apartment with a stone pillare entrance and a small car park inside , Beyond it . be the door into the apartment building itself , there be no activity , but for one businessman who emerge on foot and make he way out . ik ao 26 , int . automobile ~ ( day ) - closeup scottie _ 2 he resume he read but do not concentrate , his ch : eye . go back to the apartment house , 27 . . ext . brocklebane apt . - ( day ) . semi - long sect > a ‘slightly nearer view but still outside the stone '' entrance of the apartment . house , we see the main ~ entrance beyond , for some time , there 1s no estivity at all ~ perhaps for a quarter of a minute or so , suddenly , we see gavin 's wife , madeleine , appear . she be dress in a smart light gray tailore suit . she stand for a moment look about she , 9-12-57 ww vw G ss 28 , 30 . 31 . 32 . 33 . 356 from among the dead 206 int . automobile - ( day ) - semi -closeup scottie thrust the paper aside and turn off the radio , he start he car . . ext . brocklebank apt . - ( day ) - semi - long shot - '' frch eis viewpoin ? =~ we see madeleine crossing the small courtyard to a pale green jaguar . she stand for a moment , open she handbag and take out she car key . she get in the car , ext , brocklebank apt . - ( day ) - medium shot scottie begin to turn he car away gently from th curbstone . : ext , brocklebank apt . - ( day ) = semi - long shot - from he viewpoint madeleine 's car pull out end turn down the side street . int . scottie' car - semi-closeup '' we ' see he pull away , look intently ahead , ext . STREET , san francesco - ( day ) - semi - long shot through the windshield over the hood of he car , we see the pale green jaguar move ahead of he , but the speed be quite casual and not too fast . int . scottie' car - ( day ) - semi -closeup scottie watch ahe ad , exd . STREET , san francisco = ( day ) - semi -closeup . through the windshield we see the green jaguar turn 36 . 9-12-57 the corner and go down another street . int , scottie' car - ( day ) = semi -closeup scottie take the same corner as we see he turn the wheel , '' lap dissolve to : 376 38 . 39 ho . 43 . 9-12-57 from among the dead a. omitted int . scottie' car - ( day ) - semi -closeup scottie anxiously look ahead , fear he might miss she , ext . STREET , san francisco - ( day ) - semi - long the green car slow up and begin to make a leave - hand turn ( or righthand ) , the two car in front of scottie 's be able to pull out and pass the green car . we see the green car turn up a alleyway . int . scottie' car - semi-closeup scottie 's expression change a little , surprised at the sudden turn - off , ext , STREET , san francisco - ( day ) + semi - long shot in the leave f.g. , we see a large flower shop and beyond , at the corner of the side alleyway , another store . we see the gray sedan turn in . . ext , STREET , san francisco - ( day ) - semi - long shot shoot doun the atlevway : the gray sedan come into the f.g. on the right , while further down the street , we see the green jaguar come to a stop outside a dingy doorway .. int . scottie' car - semi -closeup we see scottie look out of he window , look down the street . ext . alleyway ~ semi - long shot = from he view pout we see madeleine get out of the jaguar and pass through a rather decrepit-look door , es wr. 48 . '' ws . 50 . 2 , 9-12-57 from among the dead 224 ext , alleyway - ( day ) - semi - long shot scottie alight from he car and we see he make he way down the alley towards the jaguar . ext , alleyway - medium shot the camera pan scottie past the jaguar as he cautiously enter the doorway . : int . dare passage ~ ( day ) - medium shot | we see scottie make he way down this passage . he reach a door at the end , int , dark passage - ( day ) + semi - closeup - shoot oven scottin' shoulder he gently push open the door . we see beyond he the bright light and back part of the flower shop . int , flower shop - ( day ) - closeup scottle 's surprised expression , as he peer through the partially open door . suddenly , he catch sight of : ind . flower shop - ( day ) - medium shot madeleine be talk to one of the assistant , some inouiry . ' the assistant , who seem to ilmow she , nod with a smile and go off to the side of the stcre . madeleine wait and begin to turn , look around the store . she approach camera until she be again in profile - just as she be in Ernie 's Restaurant when '' seottie first see she , int . flower shop - closeup ~.scottie cautiously narrow the open of the decor . int . flower shop .- ( day ) - medium shot the female assistant return . she be carry a small . nosegay of flower . madeleine nod she approval and , as the assistant return , we see madeleine indicate she will take it as it 1s . madeleine begin to open she purse as thé assistant start to write out the bill . '' B " prom among the dead 23 . | 53 . int . flower shop ~ ( day ) - closeup scottie | cautiously , close the door . : sy . int. passage - ( day ) - semi - long shot we see scottie retreate from the door and hasten down the passage towards the camera . he go out leave and as he open the door into the alleyway , the day - ' light stream in for a moment . 55 . ext . alleyway - ( day ) - medium shot scottie emerge from the doorway , pass the green jaguar . we be far enough away to see the sign over the doorway , which tell we that it be the rear entrance to the flower shop , for customer ! parking . 56 . ext . alleyway - ( day ) - long shot scottie come from the jaguar across the alleyway to where he own car be stand . he get in . after a moment or two , we see madeleine emerge in the distance and get into the jaguar , carry the nosegay . there _ 4s a sound of the starter , and immediately , she be on she way . in the f.g. , the gray sedan move off at a eautious distance behind . lap dissolve : 57 . int . scoppie' gar - ( day ) - medium shot we see scottie drive , look ahead . 58 . exe . dolore avenue - ( day ) ~ long shot the green jaguar drive : ahead down thé wide dolore - Avenue . it presently come to a stop outside . the hission . we see madeleine quickly get out . scottie 's ear enter the picture and begin to slow up . - 59 . int . scottie' car - ( dar ) - semi -closeup as he watch ahead , he slowly bring he car * to a stop . 60 . ext , dolore avenue - ( day ) - medium shot . in the f.g. , 4s the gray sedan . scottie emerge and , slamm he car door shut , make he way to the door - way opposite which the green jaguar be park . 9-12-57 63 . : scottie half - turn as though to retrace he step , then 67 . 68 . 69 . 9-12-57 from among the dead ah exd , dolore mission - ( day ) - long shot : we now see for the first time the facade of the old Mission dolore . scottie enter the picture from the '' vight and make he way to the small dark , open doorway . ext . mission dolore - ( day ) - medium shot oo , scottie pass through the small doorway . on the wall nearby , we get a quick glimpse of the plaque announce ' the date of the establishment of the Mission . ind . mission dolore - ( day ) - medium shot we see scottie come through the door and towards the camera . he. come to a stop in closeup . ' dwt , mission dolore - ( day ) - long shot from he viewpoint , we see the center aisle and , in the distence , the altar of the old Mission . it be very dark except for the strong light around the altar . the church be completely empty . int . mission dolore - ( day ) - semi-closeup he look back again and lean to one side slightly . ind . mission dolore - ( day ) - long shot shoot on a slightly different angle , we see there be a small door at the far end at the righthand side of the alter . it be slowly close . int . misston dolore - ( day ) - closhup scottie immediately come forward and exit the picture . | dme . mission dolore - ( day ) -- long shot ) scottie enter the f.g. , and we see he hasten up the aisle towards the altar . int . mission dolore ~ ( day ) - semi - long shot . we be much nearer to the altar . scottie enter the ' ( continue ) aw 69 . ( cont would ) 70 . 72 . 73+ the 3. 1. tt . 9012-57 from among the dead 25 . picture on the right and make he way quickly to - . ward the little side door . as he open it , a shaft ' of bright sunlight come into the church . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - closeup - ; we see scottie emerge from the church , come towards ! the camera , which dolly back with he . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - medium shot from he viewpoint , the camera turn the corner and I make its way toward a small gateway in a wall . the camera start to go through . ext , graveyard - ( day ) - closeup scottie come through the gateway . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - long shot the camera move across the graveyard , and in the distance , we see madeleine gaze down at a head - stone , the posy still clutch in she hand . - ext , graveyard - ( day ) - closeup scottie look towards madeleine with a expression of slight surprise . he start off out of the picture to the right . . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - long shot we see scottie make he way down the side of the veyard , with the Mission Church behind he . the pan he 'all the way round to a position to - ward madeleine . he disappear from view . . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - semi - long shot the camera pan scottie past madeleine and he take up a position behind a grotto where he can observe she . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - semi -closeup scottie watch madeleine . aw 78. 79 80 . x61 . 82. 83. 85 . 86 . from among the dead 26 . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - semi - long shot through the foliage , from he viewpoint , we see the ' ' back ctew of madeleine , she head bent down , still look at the grave . she start to - turn . ext . graveyard - { day ) - semi -ccloseup scottie cautiously step back a little . - ' ext. graveyard - ( day ) - medium shot the camera watch the corner of the grotto fora moment . nothing happen , then we hear a few step and madeleine come into view still carry the posy of flower . she be walk very slowly . she come to a stop opposite scottie - until she be in full profile . she open she purse and take out a small handkerchief , then she move on around the path towards the exit . - ext . graveyard - ( day ) - semi -closeup scottie be watch she depart . exe . graveyard - ( day ) <- semi - long shot madeleine approach a small ' door at the side of the Mission Church . she go in . ext . graveyard - ( day ) = medium shot we sée scottie ' hasten '' round from he hide - place back ‘to the headstone , where madeleine have be stand . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - medium shot scottie 's quickly takesan envelope froin he pocket and also take out a pencil . he start to write down something as he look at the headstone . ext . graveyard - ( day ) - closeup . insert = the name 'on the headstone read : ' carlotta Valdes " . bear December 3 , 1831 . die March 5 , 1857 .! exd . graveyard - ( day ) - medium shot we see scottie hurry fron the grave towards the 9-12-57 ( continue ) aw from among the dead : 27 . 86 . ( cont ! ) 87 . 88. 89 . 90 . | 92 . 9-12-57 exit door , the camera pan with he . dissolve to : int . scottie' car ~ ( day ) - semi -closeup once more he eye be on the road ahead , as he fol - low madeleine . ext , market STREET - ( day ) : we see the green jaguar come out of 16th Street and cross market Street and start to ascend the hill . ext . san francisco STREET - ( day ) we see both car , one behind the other , move uphill . lap dissolve to : 1 ext . entrance to lincoln park - ( day ) the two car move alorig the road through the entrance , between the tree , and the jaguar draw up before the Palace of the legion of honor . scottie continue past as madeleine get out of she car and walk through the courtyard to the entrance to the art gallery . scottie park he car farther along , and follow she in . lap dissolve to : int . art gallery - ( afternoon ) - long shot shoot through the foreground column , we see the gallery , soft light fram the top , completely empty , save for one person . it be madeleine . she be seat on the small wooden bench at the far end . her head be tilt in the upward direction , gaze at a large portrait . slowly we see scottie come to the leave f.g . he - watch she for a moment and then with a carefully quiet step , move ' into the gallery and start to examine the - picture . . int . gallery - ( afternoon ) - semi-closeup the. camera shoot on the back of scottie , travel with . he as he pretend to look at the picture on the wall . he barely stop at each one . now and again he half fur - tively glance over he : shoulder . finally the camera come to a stop . scottie cautiously turn around and look across the room . oo oo 936 se 96 . Te 98. 996 9-12-57 from among the dead , 28 . int , gallery - ( afternoon ) semi - long shot from he viewpoint , we get a complete picture of what he see , the back view of madeleine , seat on the polished wooden bench , she right hand be hold the nosegay , and beyond she a three - quarter length por - trait of a beautiful blonde woman , dress in 19th century costume . she seem to be look down with a enigmatic smile . : int , gallery - ( afternoon ) = closeup scottie 's eye catch sight of : int . gallery - ( afternoon ) - closeup the nosegay rest in madeleine 's hand on the polished wood seat , the camera slowly pan up and move in to a part of the picture . it come to rest on a nosegay hold in the woman 's hand . int . gallery = ( afternoon ) ~ closeup scottie 's expression do not change . his eye move to some thing else . int . gallery - ( afternoon ) - semi-closeup shoot on the back of madeleine , we see she head and shoulder only , the camera move in until she bun of blonde hair fill the screen , the camera . pan up until we see the head and shoulder of the woman in the portrait . she be wear a distinctive diamond . pen - dant.necklace .. theti the- camera slowly move iw and concen - trates its attention at a bun of hair rest on the nape of she neck . int . gallery - ( afternoon ) = closeup secottie 's eye turn thoughtfully at the memory of he conversation with gavin . he look up again . int , gallery - ( afternoon ) = semi-closeup again , the enigmatic look of the woman wear the diamond . pendant . necklace , it seem as though she be almost . look at scottie . . 100 . 102 . 102 , from among the dead 296 int . gallery - ( afternoon ) .- semi -closeup . scottie turn and make he way carefully back down the gallery . int . gallery - ( afternoon ) - semi - long shot ! the camera be now back in its original position , beyond the column of the entrance to the room , we see scottie come down toward the camera . as he come to we in closer shot , we see he beckon to somebody off screen . int , gallery - ( apternoon ) - medium shot " a male attendant be come over towards the camera . 103 . 10h . 9012-57 he go out of the picture . int , gallery - ( afternoon ) - medium shot he come to where scottie await he . scottie ask in a low voice : scottie ( nodding in the -direction of the gallery ) wha be the woman in the portrait ? the attendant turn he head . scottie ( cont would ) the one where the lady be sit . attendant oh , - that 's carlotta , sir . ( at scottie 's reaction ) you will find it in the catalogue : '' portrait of carlotta . '' scottie nod he thanks as the attendant hand he a catalogue . scottie then turn back and look into the room . the camera move in past he , so that once more we be leave alone with madeleine seat , still look at the portrait . . lap dissolve : ext . art gallery - ( afternoon ) - medium shot in the f.g. , scottie be seat in he gray sedan . we ( continue ) ao 42 i ) 10k . 105 . 106 . 107 . 108 , 109 . 9212-57 from among the dead 30 . ( cont would ) see beyond he in the distance , the green jaguar and . the backelit column of the gallery courtyard . present= ly , the small figure of madeleine appear . shs get into she car and start to drive off . scottie start up he engine , his car . move across the - ~screen , . dissolve to : I ext . a san francisco STREET - ( day ) ~ , . the two car move along through a poorer section of San Francisco . we see that the house - many large - be all of wood , shabby , run -down , some almost derelict . the occasional front yard be uncare for ; the few people on the street be cheeply dress . there be a meanness of atmosphere . ext , mceit trick . HOTEL - ( day ) - long shot the green jaguar come to a stop outside a large house , which have see grander day . obviously a old San Francisco residence , it 1s now become a apartment hotel , a long flight of step from the street , lead to the front door , which have a semi-circular canopy support by acolunmn . madeleine get out and ascend the stair toward the hotel entrance ; she be still carry the posy of flower . : ext. mckittrick HOTEL - ( day ) = semi - long shot scottie 's car pull into the curb . he get out end stand on the sidewalk and look ahead of he . he walk forward out of the picture . exd . mckittrick HOTEL - ( day ) ~ semi - long shot we see scottie walk along the sidewalk casually . the green car be at the curb at the leave of the stair to the hotel , he stroll up until he reach the green _ car . ext , mckittrick HOTEL - ( dar ) - medium shot shoot over the green car , we see scottie hover around the bottom of the step . there be no sign of madeleine , she have obviously go in by this time . scottie turn and examine the facade of the hotel ( continue ) bo y om cc 109 . 110 . 112 . 113. 115 . 9-12-57 from among the dead 31 . ( cont would ) and over he shoulder , the camera pan up over the building where we see the name , in wear black lettering under the top cornice . ext , mckittrick HOTEL - ( day ) = closeup scottie turn away from the hotel and glance in the direction of the car , he then turn and ponder what he next move should be , he look back at the hotel . suddenly , he eye catch sight of something . he hasten over to conceal himself by the entrance wall , the camera panning he . his eye go up again . exd . mckittrick HOTEL ~ ( day ) - long shot from he viewpoint , we see madeleine appear in the corner second storey window , she be glance out easually , as she take off the jacket of she suit . she turn into the room again , exd , mckittrick HOTEL ~ ( day ) = closeup scottie be really puzzle by this appearance , he think for a while and then , make up he mind , start to go up the step , the camera panning he , . we sée he reach the top step and make for the front ot exd , mckittrick HOTEL - ( day ) - medium shot scottie wait 4 slight moment , and then , brace himself , open the door and pass through . int . mckittrick HOTEL lobby - ( day ) ~ semi -closeup scottie come through the door close it behind he , he look around . int , mckittrick HOTEL lobby - ( day ) from scottie 's viewpoint , we see most of the lobby , there be a small reception desk with a key rack to one side , but the strongest and most immediate impact be one of greenery , of foliage . scatter about the lobby ' in profusion - be : tallestand pot rubber plant and philodendron . scottie stand and stare , there be no one to be see , no sign of life . then we see a leaf of a rubber plant ( continue ) be 15 cy ° lo . ) '' 2 ; ) | of - > , po rarr ov , a7 > '' et 9012-57 from among the dead 32 . ( cont to ) move '' ' and move again , and a hand appear , seemingly ! caress it , and then we hear a woman 's voice . manageress '' yes ? . ; scottie look in that direction , and the woman '' move out from behind the plant . she be a small , gentle , elderly lady with white hair , motherly and t amile , with bright , eager eye . manageress be there something I can do 4 for you ? '' - scorrm : yes .... you run this ‘hotel . ~* - : manageress oh , yess scottie would you tell I , who have the voom on the second floor in the corner , that corner ? . manageress ( brightly ) oh , I be afraid we could not give out information of that sort , we client be entitle to they privacy , you imow . and ido believe itt against the law } of course , I donit think of they - would mind , really , but still rt would have to know who you be , and ask - — == by now scottie have get out he wallet and have show he badge , and the sight of it make she stop abruptly , and for a moment she face harden and be not a bit motherly . but then she recover she innocent bright - ness . . manageress on , dear ] have she do something wrong ? - '. seorrre - please answer my question . manageress I can not imagine that sweet girl with that dear face -~- ( continue ) be . from among the dead . 33 | 115 . ( cont to ) | , scottie | ( urgently ) : : what be she name ? . i manageress '' Valdes , miss Valdes . i ( pause . then , . i - brightly ) : : itts Spanish , you know . . scottie * ( slowly ) carlotta Valdes ? manageress yes , thatts it , sweet name , be not it ?. foreign . but sweet . '' " + * scorrre ( holding in ) long have she have the room ? ° manageress ' oh , it must be two week . yes , the rent 's due tomorrow . - scortis . do she sleep here ? ever ? : , '' manageress no ... she only come to sit . two or three time a week , and I never ask question , you mow . as long as they be well behave , I mst say that I have wonder --- = ' scottie ( cut she off ) when she come down , do not say that I have be here . - and he turn away to go , wonder . '' " manageress ( brightly ) oh , but she have not be here today — - scottie whirl back on she . scorriz Z see she come in five minute agol . ~ 9-12-57 , ( continue ) S ( > vu aw from among the dead . 3h. 125 . ( cont would ) 117 . : 9-12-57 int . HOTEL bedroom - ( day ) manageress oh , no ! she have not be here at all ! I would have see she , you mow . I have be right here all the time , put olive oil on my rubber plant leave ! scottie stare at she smile , innocent face . she look over at the key rack . . * manageress and there ! there you see ? her key be on the rack ! - scottie ( heavily ) ~ would you please ... go. and look ? manageress in she room ? well , yes , of course if youask . , but it do seem silly ... she put down the can of olive oil and the sponge , and get out she passkey . she go up the stair . ' scottie watch she go , then stare down at the ean of olive oil , stare at the rubber plant , and wait , and look up the stair . manageress ( her Voice ) ( brightly ) — oh , Mr. detective ! would you like to come and look ? scottie start up the stair on the run . int . landing of second floor - " ( day ) the manageress stand near the open door . scottie brushes past she and stand on the threshold . . we be look at the room over the shoulder of scottie and the woman . it be empty . scottie cross to . the window and look down . from he viewpoint we see the empty space at the street curb where stand madeleine ag jaguar . ( continue ) 129 . from among the dead . 38 . 127 . ( cont would ) scottie her car be go . manageress what car ? : he turn to look at she sweet , smile face , then turn back to stare down out of the window in bewilderment . dissolve to : ex® . brocklebank apartment - ( day ) '' sedttiet sedan pull up in the foreground , the buila - ing in the distance . he look across . there , half conceal around the corner of the small car park , be the green jaguar . scottie stroll over , inspect the car , then look inside . on the seat 1s the small posegsy buy at podesta 's and carry to the ceme - ery . . : . . ' dissolve to : NZ . midge's apartment - ( day ) midge be at work on a nightgown ad . the phonograph be play softly : probably bach , probably harpsi - chord , probably landowska . scottie walk in , and midge lock up , startle . . scottie : . midge , who do you mow that 's a _ , authority on San Francisco history ? he walk over and turn the phonograph off , either here or a bit later . : midge now , that 's the kind of greeting a girl like . none of this " hello you look wonderful " stuff . just a good straight " who.do you imow '' -- se , open os be : well , who ? come on , you lmow everybody .. Professor saunder , over in Berkeley . ( continue ) with 119 . ( cont would ) start from among the dead scottie not that kind of history . the small stuff ! about people you never hear of ! midge oh ! you msan Gay Old bohemian day of Gay Old San Francisco ! the juicy storey ? like who shot who in the embarcadéro in August , . 1879 ? socttie yeah . pop leibel . oo scoltie who ? midge pop leibel . own the argosy Book - shop . what do you want to know ? : scottie who shot who in the embarcadéro in _ August , 1879 . for the door fast . ' midge wait a minute ! you be not a detective any more . what 's go on ? scottie ( pause ) do you mow he well ? midge pep. leibe1 ? sure . ' scoptte all : right , come on . introduce I . where 's you hat ? ee look about for it . 12-57 '' midge ( speed to the door ) I do not need a hat . johnny , what 's it about ? - 36 . ( continue ) ww ue 119 . 120 . | from among the dead 37 . ( conttd ) she speed right on through the open door . , scottie I will tell you later , wait a minute ee race out after she . ' dissolve to : int . argosy book shop - ( dusk ) it be old , it be msty , it be fill with old book , but the important thing to note be that it be . fill with memorabilia.of California pioneer day : on the wall be not only the familiar old map and print but also , and more strike , such thing as frame old mining claim , poster describe outlaw want by the law , Wells fargo pony Express poster ; and on the shelf , old whiskey bottle , gold - mining pan , and such , the proprietor , pop leibel , be stare with a nodd smile at the piece of paper scottie have hand he , and scottis watch he keenly . in the bebe , midge wander about the shop , inspect the print on the wall , but always listen . 's pop leibel yes .... the beautiful carlotta ... the sad carlotéa .... scorrtie what do a big old wooden house on the corner of eddy and gough Street have to do with she ? pop letbel it be hers , it be build for she , many year ago . : . scottie by whom ? pop leibel by ... no ... the name I do not er , a rich man , a powerful man , it be not a unusual story . she come from somewhere small , to the south of the city ... some say from a mission settlement ... young , yes ; very young . and she be find . sing and dance in a cabaret by the man ... wait ... wait .... ive ! his'name be ivesj ] yes . and he take 9-12-57 . ( continue ) im 120 . from among the dead 38 , ( cont would ) , pop letbel ( cont would ) she and build for she the great house in the western Addition ... and there be achild , yes , this be it , the child , : scottie hang on he word . pop look up at he and smile . . pop leibel , ' and now , fragment , you understand . I can not tell you how mech time 1 pass , or how much happiness there be . but then he throw she away . he have no other child ; he wife have no child , he keep the child and throw she away . Men could do that in that day . they have the power ... and the freedom . and she become the sad carlotta , alone in . the great house .... walk the street -. alone , she clothes become old and patch and dirty .... the mad carlotta - eee stop people in the street to ask , " where be my child ?.... have you '' see my child ? " .... : fhe store have darken considerably and all the figure be practically . silhouettes . the camera pick up a ' close shot of midge , listen intently , she head turn - 9~12-57 ed away from the wall toward the old man . and on the wall near she head be a print of Mission San Juan bautista as it be in the old day . the poor thing .... scottie and she die .... + op letbel she die . : ' scottie how ? : pop leibel by she own hand , ( pause . smile sadly ) there be many such storey . scottie thank you , Mr. leibel . thank you very much , ( continue ) from among the dead 39 . od 120 . ( cont would ) of forgetting midge , he turn and walk out of the store cc. fast , deep in think . midge hey , wait a minute ! so long , pop ! thanks a lot ! ~ 121 . ext . sidewalk outside argosy book shop - ( dusk ) midge catch up with scottie and stop he by grab - bing he arm . on : midge ' / : 2 of : now then , johnny - 0 ; pay I . ; scottie for what ? midge oo for bring you here . come '' . on , tell ! : scotrtis nothing to tell . | she dash ' out after scottie . | | co midge orm . you will tell , or you will be back . in that corset ! come on ! scottie I will take you home . . he start off with long stride , and midge hurry a? after hin , . . dissolve to : 1214 , exd , STREET ouzside midge's apartment = ( early evening ) ww & - seottie 's car drawa up and come to a stop . 122 , int . scoptie' car - ( early evening ) - medium two shot scottie and midge be look straight ahead , wu '' * * * scottie here you be , midge you have not tell I everything . : - * scottie eo '' I have tell you enough , ) , midge wseabiscet} who 's the guy , who 's the wife ? . ; ( continue ) we L ~™ 8 1 I wo . from among the dead ho . | om . ! cu 122 , ( conttd ) | |e i scoptie ~ . out . itve get thing to doe . midge I kmow . ' the ome who phone . you old college chum , elstere scottie out midge and the idea be that the beautiful mad carlotta have come back fran the dead , to take possession of elster !s wite ? ah , johnnyi come onj ! scottie - . . | ( angrily ) , ! itm not tell you whet I think . tin tell you what he think 's . _ midee well , what do you thinker - scottie ia troubled , lose in think . pause . midge be she pretty ? scoptie | carlotta ? . midge ( evenly ) no , not carlotta , elster 's wife . scotptie . Mam , yeah , I gn sece midge look up at he from the corner of she eye midge ' ( wickedly ) I think I will go take a look at that portrait . '' " ( with a bright smile ) bes she open the car door quickly and jump out . scottie - ( outrage ) midge 4 ‘9x1 2257 , . ( continue a ) ) wo od 122 . ) o | 1228 . oo - | 123 . o° : ee ow 4 & es 5 ' 9212057 from among the dead ( cont 4 ) , ? midge bye-bye ! she slam the car door and run into the house . scottie glare after she for a momént , then he face relax , and he be lose in think . he reach '' nto the glove compartment of the car and draw out tke : catalogue of the permanent collection of the Palace of the legion of honor . he open it to a page and stare down , = '' so - ' insert - the reproduction of '' the portrait of cartotta . dissolve to : a int . gavin elster's club ~ ( night ) elster and scottie be seat in the lounge of a San Francisco Club - there be one or two member read newspaper , etc. , while a waiter move by in the background serve drink . elster be study the reproduction of the portrait of carlotta in the catalogue that scottie procure from the gallery . . the waiter lean in end place two drink before they . scottie watch elster , wait for he to speak . finally : els ter ( with a want smile ) youtve do well , scottie . youtre good at you job . scortiz that 's carlotta Valdes . , elster yes . scoftie there be thing you do not tell mar . I do not kmow where she be . go to lead you . scotris but you kmaw about this . elster oh , yes . you notice the way she do she hair , ( contime ) of wo from among the dead . 42 . I 123 . ( cont would ) '' : - he place a finger on the reproduction of the. portrait to indicate the bun at the back of the neck . scottie nod . : elster . oo . something else . my wife , madeleine , have several piece of jewelry that belong to carlotta . she inherite t they . never wear they , they be too old - fashioned ... until now . now , . when she be alone , she get they out be and look at they ... handle they o54 gently , curiously ... put they on . and stare at herself in the mirror .. and go into that other world ... : be someone else again . : scottie , qos oo - carlotta Valdes be what : you wife 's . grendmother ? a . elster . greategrendmother . the child +. who be take from she - whose . ( loss drive carlotta mad and to ock . she death - be madeleine 's grand - mother . scoptie ( confidently ) well , that explain it . anyone could develop a obsession for 2b past , with a background like the . , elster ~ but she do not know ... about she 3 ° background , . ( as scottie stare , narrowly ) she never hear of carlotta Valdes , ko scottie ow nothing of . a grave out at - Mission dolore , or a old house on eddy Street , or a portrait at the Palace of the legion of honor ? elster ww nothing . , scottie ( 3 . and when she go to that place ..e ? 9e12-57 ( continue ) 3 0 '' vo my ©) co ) 123 . 2 oom 12h . > 125 . y qj ) 9-12-57 from among the dead 43 . ( cont would ) elster she be not my wife . the two man stare at each other directly , honestly . ' . sccottie 's how do you imow all this thing she do not know ? elster her mother tell I most of they before she die , I dig out the rest for myself , here . scottie why do she never tell she daughter ? elster Natural fear , her grandmother go insane and take she own life , and the blood be in madeleine . ( pause ) . scottie , I ask you to watch she : closely , scottie raise he glass and drink slowly , think - fully . : . dissolve to : . ext . palace of the legion of honor - ( late afternoon ) the column of the courtyard be back light by the sun , there be no sign of life , near the step , stand alone and empty , be the green jaguar . . lap dissolve to : int . the art gallery - ( late afternoon ) shoot through the column in the foreground , we view of the room be obscure momentarily by a elderly couple move toward the door . they go by to reveal scottie stand by a rodin sculpture , look into the room , and far beyond he , at the end of the room , ' madeleine seat on the bench before the portrait stare at it . in she hand , rest at she side on the bench , be once again the nosegay . now she rise and approach the portrait and stand before it , the nosegay clasped in she two hand before she , and ( continue ) e ws wv wu 1 ) a t 125 . 126 , from among the dead dh . ( cont would ) stare up : almost as though in votive offer or in prayer , finally she turn and start toward the entrance . scottie slip away out of sight . madeleine walk slowly toward the camera , lap dissolve to : ext . palace of the legion of honor - ( late afternoon ) madeleine approach the green jaguar , get in , and the car start away . scottie 's car move into the scene , follow . 's dissolve to : 128 , 130 . 131 . 9-12-57 . ext . sea cliff drive - ( late afternoon ) we see the green jaguar proceeding , the gray sedan at a careful distance behind , Beyond , look north - east , we see the Golden Gate Bridge in the late after - noon sun , and Richmond and Berkeley in the distance . dissolve to : int . scottie' car - ( sunset ) scottie carefully look ahead . ext . presidio drive - ( sunset ) madeleine 's car approach along the drive to the gate of the presidio , and pass through the gate and be swallow by the tree . scottie 's car follow , and it , : too , disappear . : . dissolve to : ext . presidio - ( sunset ) / the two car drive along the wood road . int . scottie' car - ( sunset ) scottie look ahead . dissolve 70 : my from among the dead 45 . , . CO 132 . ext . fort point ~ ( sunset ) > scottie 's car be travel down the slope toward the jutting point of old Fort winfield Scott , it come to a stop in the level clear , the green jaguar stand there , empty . '' y 133 . ext . bridge - ( sunset ) - medium shot scottie get out of he car and look off out of picture , ho > : 13h . ext . bridge ... ( sunset ) = long shot madeleine walk away round the . dockside , the vast bridge tower above she , she carry the nosegay . scottie move into the f.g. , and make off in the same direction , madeleine disappear round the corner oo ) of the old fort wall . now she be out of sight , we see scottie quicken he pace as he approach the corner of the fort wall . t - 135 . ext . bridge ~ ( sunset ) - medium shot ow : shoot back , we see scottie approach the wall and peer cautiously around . : 136 . ext . bridge - ( sunset ) + semi - long shot . from he viewpoint , we , see madeleine stand at the ' water ! edge . she be mechanically tear off the lace - edge paper from the nosegay . 5 137 .. ext . bridge - ( sunset ) - closeup scottie watch she curiously . 138 . '' ext . bridge - ( sunset ) - semi -closeup . a : madeleine let the paper aritt away down to the water , oo : she proceed to unwind the wire around the flower . and begin to scatter they on the water . 139 . " close shot of flowers floating on the water 5 1,0 , ext , bridge = ( sunset ) - closeup 's scottie watch madeleine . 9012-57 uy7. 9-12-57 ext . dockside - ( sunset ) ~ medium shot 's ext . dockside - ( sunset ) - closeup madeleine from among the dead 4é. ext . dockside - ( sunset ) - semi - long shot fhe full figure of madeleine , scatter the rest of the flower . then she raise she head and stare ! up at the sky . a moment in which she body seem | poise , and then she be go , lose to view in the water . ext . dockside - ( sunset ) - long shot scottie dash around the wall and the . camera pan he to the water 's edge . he be throw he coat off . ext . dockside - ( sunset ) - semi - long shot shoot down into the water , we see madeleine 's upturn face as she float away . she disappear now and again . scottie , rume down the few stone step towards the water . when the water be up to he kmee , he swim out towards she , . her eye stare , sink beneath the water . she be '' surround by the scattered flower . scottie swim ain and grab she . ext , dockside - ( sunset ) - closeup as he hold she , the two head dre press together . he turn and start to swim back with she . the screen be fill with they two head , madeleine 's stare eye begin to close as she be move away .. lap dissolve : ext , dockside - ( sunset ) - medium shot | ; we see scottie come up some sténé step . he be staggering with the weight of madeleine 's water - — soak body and clothes . he carry she over towards the green jaguar . oo. ae . 150 . 151 . gi 6 19 . from among the dead 47 . ext . dockside - ( sunset ) - medium shot resting she for a moment , he throw open the door on the passenger 's side . ext . dockside - ( sunset ) scottiet head be close to hers . she be now breathe heavily . sae scottie ( whisper ) be you all right ? eer eye open slowly . scottie ( Calling softly ) : 2 . madeleine ... . her eye show no sign of recognition of or response ; - they move past he face and stare out . the camera slowly move in util she head fill the screen . she stare out as though in a trance . dissolve to : ext , scottie' apartment - ( dusk ) the empty green jaguar be draw up at the curb before the red door of a small , well - keep house . dissolve to : int , scottie' apartment - ( night ) we be in the live room of a comfortable bachelor apartment . there be a picture window that look up ‘to colt Tower on telegraph Hill . thé room be softly light . a fire be light in the fireplace ; the log be blaze well , scottie , in a pair of gray trousers and a old sweater , be wander about the room , try to think thing out . through a open door we can see into a small kitchen where madeleine 's clothes - all of they - hang on a cord over the electric stove , drying . and through another open door we can see into the bedroom where madeleine lie , in the larger - than - single bed , wuder the cover , asleep . she sigh and turn restlessly , and scottie glance at she from the live - room as he wander , and then she turn - again , and the sigh become word , speak in sleep , and he stop , and listen . 9-12-57 , ( continue ) with ~ = aw from among the dead 4s . 151 . ( cont would ) 9-12-57 madeleine ( faintly , distantly ) please ... thank you .... eee please .... scottie wait , taut , but there be no more . he start to turn away and suddenly , still distant , but more clearly : madeleine ( appealingly ) where be my child ?.... have you see my child ....? scottie stiffen with the shock of recognition and he eye go wide with apprehension stare at the . lose , eye-close , troubled woman in the bed . and at that moment the telephone on the bedside table ring sharply . he make a dash for it , the ring - ing bring the woman to with a sharp start , and she instinctively clutches the bedclothes to she chin and raise up a little and stare with wide - eye fright .at the man run towards she . scottie take the phone . . scottie yes ?... no , it 's all right ; I will call you back . yes . yes ! he hang up , and try to smile down at madeleine , who have not move , but have follow he every move with fright and apprehension . - scottie . aps you all right ? no answer , only the eye stare at he . and then he realize , with some embarrassment , that she cannot move , that she be naked under the bedclothes , and he reach across to the dress gown he have laid out for she on the bed , and move it closer to . she . scottie ° . oh .... youtll want this .... . os he give she a reassure nod and smile , straighten up and go to the door , and go into the live room , close the bedroom door behind he , and she stare after he as he go . . in the live room , he move to the fireplace , put another log on , and watch it catch . the bedroom door behind he open , and he turn to face madeleine . ( continue d ) i} wu aw from among the dead / 49 . 151 . ( cont would ) 9-12-57 she have the dress gown belt tightly around the middie and hold it together with one hand at she breast . and she stand there stare at he nervously , frighten , not want to admit that she do not dmow how she come there , but want very much to kmow . and she can not help herself : know she own fear , she. have to ask , : . madeleine why be I here ? what happen ? scottie you ... . : . ( then , not like the '' " " *. gound of the truth ) esee fall into the Bay . she put a hand slowly to she hair , understanding now why it be wet . : scottie I dry you hair as well as icould , but you would better come here by the fire . and now , kmow that he dry she hair , she realize that he must have take she clothes off , too , and she look down at she body with deep awareness of she nakedness , and draw the dress gown more close - ly to she , and look back at he with frighten they - barrassment . and she head begin to move quickly , the eye darting about the apartment as though seek a way of é6scape , and : she see the clothes hang in the kitchen . and she look back to scottie appealingly . oo scottie '' . they be almost dry . here . why do not you come over here ? he ' pull a low stool over before the fire . madeleine cross slowly , keep she eye always on he , and stake down on the stool , he smile at she companion - ably . - scottie would you like some coffee ? she shake she head . . scottie you would better have some . or would you rather have a drink ? ( continue ) wu vv for '' ( quickly ) aw from among the dead 50 . , ' 151 . ( cont would ) / she shake she head again . he pour a cup of coffee and place it on the floor next to she , along with a bowl of sugar cube . . madeleine . ( wonderingly ) . ' eve fall into the bay .... : she look up at he . he nod . eeee and you fished I out ... : he nod . she give he a small grateful smile . . madeleine thank you . : scottie be watch she intently . scottie ' you do not remember . : madeleine nosees scottie . do you remember where you be ? madeleine * ‘( childishly surprised ) oh , of course I remember that ! but then I must have have a dizzy spell , and faint ! scottie ' where be you ? abe eee . for that one slight , imperéeptible moment , it my seem that she be catch , but then she go on . 's * madeleine ( triumphantly ) eoee Old Port Point ! out at the '' presidio ! of course I remember ! I often go there ! 9=12-57 ( continue ) ws wv N , aw 151 . ( cont would ) . from among the dead sl . scottie why ? madeleine { almost naively ) because I love it so . it 's beautiful there . especially at sunset . ( she lean she head back sensually to ' the warmth ) . ab ... thank you for the fire . scorriz where have you be before ? madeleine when ? scottie this afternoon . i madeleine oh .... wander about . scottie where ? where have you be aust before ? there be a quick moment of blanimess in she eye that she try to hide , and then : 's ( positively ) _ downtown , shopping . and scottie sigh imvardiy , fave prove something . '' * " '' scoortie ~ . please drink you coffee . '' ( smiaane ) iwill . ' you be terribly direct . in you question . . * scottie I be sorry . I do not mean to be rude . '' madeleine you be not '' merely direct . what be you do there ? at 01d Fort 1b ? ( continue ) oo 2 be 151 . '' > '' N i Tom cw 1:7 ps ) > oo 4 ee¢ L ) get 2057 oc from among the dead 52 . ( cont to ) scorfrie wandering about . madeleine you like it , too . he nod . she smile at he happily , enjoy the warmth and the coffee , enjoy he presence , seem - ingly almost to have forget she nearness to death . and scottie be fascinate by this thing curl up before he fire . " madeleine ( then with a - wick smile ) and mene have you be . «ee just before ? & momerit , as scottie take a deep breath , and then he decide to chance it and see the reaction . '' . scottie the Palace of the legion of honor . the Art Gallery . . madeleine ( enthusiastically ) oh , that 's a lovely spot , be not it ? '' I have never be inside . - but it ' look so lovely , drive past . at the word , " itve never be inside , '' scottie be startle . he stare at she , and she look at he with naive , . happy inquisitiveness , ani and they look be join . finally she drop she eye and smile timidly . : ( sortiy} lucky . for I . you be wander about . thank you again . I have be a-terrible bother to you . . . scottie no. tee shs reach up to feel she hair , ~ madeleine when you .... . { and suddenly conscious .of she nakedness again , and embarrassed ) there be pin in my hair .... ( cont sue ) ? be from among the dead 53 . | CO 151 . ( cont would ) , | / - . co ! scottie | ny ohl yes ! hered he cross the room swiftly , pick up a ash tray '' | ' in which he have deposit she nairpin , take she | handbag from a chair , and bring they to she . thank you . ° : | ~ : she proceed to do \up she hair . he watch she , hold by the movement of she beady under the dress : gown as she raise she arm ani deftly set about ox put she hair in order . at one point , as she ° - work , she look up and flash he a direct smile . : madeleine | : you should not have bring I here , you know . : 'w ) CO : scottie . | : i..e - do not know where you : live , - 's * '' madeleine | N ( smiling ) ow you could have look in my car . ; oh , but you do not know ay car , : do you ? - ' . scoottis yes , I kmaw which one it be . . , 2 it 's ont there , now . but I / do not think you would want to be bring home that way . no , you be right . a '' " ( pause , as she woris ) i I ™m glad you do not take I home ... I would not have mown you , to thank you ... ' " ( suddenly appal } . of oh , but I do not imow youl and 2 you do not know I ! my name be i - madeleine elster , - scottie my name be John Ferguson . '' c- : : that 's a good , strong name . do your-friend call you Jean ? or Jack , : : '' gal2=57 ( continue ) ms from among tre dead she o - 191 , ( cont would ) . sscorfriz : , - John , Old friend . acquaintance : 1 4 : call I scottie . . . : madeleine . '' ' ( smiling ) . .. I shall call you Mr. Ferguson . } : . scortie : ' . . ( grinning ) no , I would not like that . and i . after what happen today I should oo : think you could call I scottie . , 2 or even John . . madeleine _i prefer John . there , that 's do . - '' ( the hair be in order ) can . and what do you do , John ? ' scottie wander about . & ; madeleine ow . : 's that 's a good occupation , and : live-here ... alone ? : he nod , a cloud come over she eye . she look - . away . ero ' ' madeleine : ' { sertiy ) one should not live alone . * scortte some people prefer it . = 4 madeleine : no ...it 's wrong . : . then she look up with a small amile , and the cloud : be go from she eye , and she speak completely > . matter -of-factly . ( simply ) itm marry , you kmow . G : scottie nod almost imperceptibly with he eye , oo (- he look at she for a long moment . then : pelesb7 | . ms : from among the dead 55 . } cy 151 . ( cont to ) . | : : | of scottie wl1l you tell I something ? : : have this ever happen to you | before ? | madeleine cc ( startle ) 3 what ? lo | _ scottie | 7 pling +. into San | . prane sco Bay ? she laugh with relief , for it seem to she , for ' * quick , moment , that he be go to say " fall m love 's . madeleine : no , never before . I have fall dy . into lake , out of rowboat , when iwe a little girl , and I fall into a river , once , try to leap : from one stone to another . but . ° _- I have never fall into San Francisco '' Bay . have you ? ever before ? . scottie ( grinning ) no , ... this be the first tim for I , too . : ow and they laugh together , with genuine warmth and friendliness in they eye , and it be obvious they be very much take with each other , and as they laugh , simltaneously , she reach for the cup of coffee , to take another sip , and he reach for it , meaning to take it and refill it . Ed . scottie : . : here , let I give you a light -- and he hand fall on she outstretch arm and stay . there , and with the contact make , the laughter die 5 suddenly , and he be look down at she intently , oo and they eye have meet , and hers be anxious and ° : wonder . and at that moment , the telephone ring sharply . scottie race into the bedroom , close the door behind he , and get to the phone . yj scottie | & hello . < 2 cl ww ce ms from among the dead 56 , cc ) 12 . ( cont 1a ) , : of a | blster' voice scottie , what happen ? she 's not home , yet . | scorrr . no , she 's all right . she 's still od . here , but I will get she home soon , elster's voice what happen ? | | . .. scottie : pp , : | she ... go into the Bay . '' >: there be a long silence . ' scottie - hello ? o23 a - elster's voice ( dally ) ' do she hurt herself ? scottie < no . she 's in fine shape . : ow . nothing to worry about . but she do not know . you under= a stand that . she do not know what she do . : another * long silence . elster's voice scottie ... madeleine be twenty -six , carlotta Valdes commit suicide when she / be twenty - six . : ceo . and now it be scottie 's turn to be silent . he hang up slowly and move across the room to the oor . 3 152 . int . the live room - ( reer ) ' the room be empty . the clothes be go from the line in the kitchen .. oo '' ~ 153 . ' ext , STREET outside scottis' apartment - ( night ) — a car be move down the Bill on the opposite side 9- 12-57 scottie enter from the bedroom , and '' stop , ' surprised . , \o om q q from among the dead 57 . 153 . ( cont 'a ) 153a . 15h . 155 . 156 .. 157 . 158 , 9-12-57 of the street . it begin to turn in toward the side - walk and then come to a sudden stop . ext . scottie' apartment - ( night ) - closeup midge be behind the wheel . she be stare out of the side of the window and we see what have make she come to a sudden stop . ext . scottie' apartment - ( night ) from midge 's point of view ; madeleine , outside scottie 's door , hurry to the green jaguar . int , midge's car - ( night ) midge watch madeleine almost wistfully , and there be a small look of hurt in she eye , but even to herself she have to cover , and she smile ironically . ext , scottie' apartment . ( night ) the jaguar pull away and pass out of view . int . midge!s car - ( night ) midge be still stare across at scottie 's house , and the soft smile on she lip cover the hurt well . but there be still a shadow of it in she eye . 's ( softly ) feat oom sont aaa las ita st ?... and be te lun ? .. cee poece then she suddenly change expression . midge oops . she take she foot off the brake , and turn hard on the wheel , straighten the car up and drive on . exd , scottie' apartment - ( night ) the door to scottie 's apartment have open , and scottie stand in the doorway look up and down ( continue ) '' > from among the dead 58 . 158 , ( cont would ) 159 . the street for the jaguar , he tall frame silhouett in the light stream from the room . dissolve to : ext . brocklebank apt . - ( day ) - long shot the camera be shoot through the stone gateway across the small courtyard toward the front door of the apartment . we see madeleine emerge . she be dress completely different from the night before . she make she way down to the jaguar in the f.g . she get in , start up and swing the car round toward the camera . she pass out of the picture . 160 , 161 . 162. 163. exd , brocklebank apt . - ( day ) - long shot across the street , we see scottie 's sedan pull out and also approach the camera . it - too , pass out of the picture . int , scottie' car - ( day ) - closeup scottie sit at the wheel drive ahead , his eye ' be satisfied . they hold madeleine 's car in view . : : exd . san francisco STREET - ( day ) - long sho ? we see the jaguar ahead , it turn leave down another street . it go for a block and turn right . then it turm leave again , then it turn right , then it turn leave again . int , scottie' car - ( day ) - closeup scottie look a little dizzy with the constant turn - _ ing . we stay with he a little while and we can see 164 . 9-12-57 from the scene behind he , that we be still turn : leave and right . exd , san francisco . STREET - ( day ) - long shot the jaguar speed up . it 's go down a street , not turn any more . a few block -off , we can see the coit Tower come into view . 165 . 166 . 167 . - 268 , 169 . from among the dead 59 . int . scottie' car - ( day ) - closeup scottie seem a little mystify now , as the direc - tion in which she be go . ext . san francisco STREET - ( day ) - long shot the jaguar turn right into a narrow curving street and finally come to a sudden stop ahead . int . scottie' car - ( day ) - closeup scottie now wear & look of great astonishment , as he pull up hurriedly in the middle of the street . ext . san francisco STREET - ( day ) - semi - long shot from he viewpoint , we see the reason for he aston - ishment . madeleine have alighted and be approach , of all place , toward he own red front door . ext ; san francisco STREET - ( day ) - medium shot scottie pulis he car over to the curb and get out . the c. pan he down . he stop short just before he reach madeleine , to see she take a letter from she handbag and put it into he letter box . he move up to she . scorfris be that for I ? madeleine turn quickly , startle , and then see who it be , and smile , madeleine ohi yes . hello . - scorrig good mo : . I worried about you , last night . you should not have ron like that . mad ! ( embarrass ) I .... suddenly feel such a fool . '' scottie I want to drive you home . be you all right ? 9u12-57 ( continue ) wz 169 . '' > ao om , a? az > '' C from among the dead 60 . ( Contra ) . | madeleine ( flash a smile ) ' oh , yes . fin . no after effect . ( then , ruefully ) but as I remember now , that water be cold , be not it ? ( he nod .- she - leok away ) what a terrible thing to dose . and you be so kind .. see . ( with a gesture ) it 's a formal thank - you letter . and a great big apology . : scottie you have nothing to apologize for . , madeleine oh , yes ! ' the whole thing must have peen so-embarrassing for youl scottie not at ali , I enjoy ---- and he stop short , now truly embarrassed , and she look at he with wide eye , wait for he to go on . . scortir wear talice to you .s.... madeleine ( with small , contain amusement ) I enjoy talk to you . a awkward pause . scottie turn abruptly to the door get cut he key . v a . scottie itll get my mail .. ee he epen the door and bend down to pick . up the letter . as he be reach for it , he turn he head and speak almost without think . scottie — would you like some coffee ? bus ( quickly ) noi no , thank you ! ' ( contimea ) co 169 . of q oo ( L , sad ' qal2—57 erom song tee oasd . él. ( cont would ) she say it so impulsively , and with such young vehemence , that they both start to laugh . he straighten up and open the letter . madeleine I could not mail it ; I do not ' mow you address . but I have @ landmark . I remember coit Tower and it lead I straight to yous . : * scortie the first time itve be grateful for coit Tower , - he read the letter as she watch he . he look up . scottie I i hope we will , too . madeleine what ? " scorr1e meet again , sometime . madeleine we have . ' they smile at one another , and there be a nice moment of silent rapport . then : madeleine goodby . . . scottie Goodbye . she turn and go to she car as he stand watch she , and get in behind the wheel . sudde : alcing mere St pt ) " and he rece to the cat and lean in the window . she theat hin , open-mouthed , as he eross the sidewalk . not madeleine I do not know , ( continue ) will erom among the dead 62 . ( cont would ) scottie Shopping ? madeleine no . . scoftie well ..... anywhere in particular ? : madeleine no , I just think I would wander . scottie ah . . ( then ) that 's what I be go to do . . madeleine oh , yes , I forget : it 's you occupation , be not it ? . and she wait , with a small smile . scottie do not you think it 's sort of a waste for the two of we toe madeleine wender separately ? ah , but only one be a wanderer . two , together , - be always go somewhere . . scortis : no ..... no , I do not think that 's necessarily true . - : and now he wait , hopefully . madeleine ( with a smile nod ) you leave you door open . he turn he head , startle and annoyed , then make a dash for the door . as he go , he turm he head to call back to she . scottie do not move and he hurry on to the door , she watch he go , and we be close on she face to see she ( continue ) 169 . 170 . i722. 172 . 173. from among the dead 63 . ( cont would ) : gemuine amusement , and the the laughter fade é little , and a troubled look come into she eye , a touch of concern . dissolve to : ext . along skyline drive - ( day ) - long shot the green jaguar move south . : int . the jaguar - ( day ) madeleine be at the wheel , she eye intent on the road , a soft , happy smile on she lip . scottie be at she side , relaxed . he keep look at she as often as he can without . seem obvious . ( finally ) : do you know where youtre go ? : madeleine '' of course not ! I be a wanderer ! ( pause . . then brightly ) itd like to go somewhere tive never be ! scottie how can you be sure ? madeleine if I have be there ? that 's silly ! either you have be to a place or - you have not . . she flash a quick smile of innocencé at he , then return she eye to the road . he look at she : profile , wonder . + exd . skyline drive - ( day ) - high shot ~ the car turn a bend and approach '' dark wood ~~ and move into the blacimess and be swallow up . dissolve t0 : ext . big basin redwood state fark - ( day ) the empty jaguar in the foreground . the camera move toa long view of the grove of redwood . 9-12257 ( continue ) oo a om , '' . from among the dead _ 6h ( cont would ) in the distance we see the figure '' of madeleine and scottie wander among the tower tree . dissolve to : ex ?. the redwood - ( day ) . madeleine and scottie near the massive trunk of atree , Beyond they , the small stream , bridge by a wide flatten redwood log . madeleine how o1d ? scottie . oh ... some , two thousand year , y om more . . madeleine the oldest live thing ? scottie nod and watch she , wonder , as she look about thoughtfully . . ' scotrtrze . you have never be here before . ' she shake she head , lose in think as she let she gaze wander among the tree . . _ scottie . what be you think ? madeleine ( search ) of all the people who have be bear .... and have die .... while the tree go on live . '' scottie greeiag ) 7 they true name id sequota semperviren : always green , ever-live . : ( riatay ) : . it do not like . they . . scottte way ? . oe ( continue ) '' 9x12-57 jb 17h . ( cont would ) go12-57 from among the dead 65 . madeline _ ( simply ) know I have to die ..... she look up at he with a shy , embarrassed smile . then , see the wonder look in he eye , she brighten quickly . but I like the stream ! it 's a lovely stream ! : . she leave he and move quickly out onto the bridge and lean on the railing to watch the water rippling helow . and then , as he approach : she , she turn and look at he , wide - eye . , madeleine but it make no sound ! listen ! she listen intensely for a long moment , and look at he anxiously . . madeleine do you hear anything ? scottie ( shake he head ) only silence . it 's always like se : madeleine ( wonder ing ) and no bird sing . : scottie no bird live here . no . . a eee oe we . she turn away with gentle , somber , self - contain wonder , and they cross back to the path in silence , and wander on along the path in silence . we watch they move away in the distance , disappear behind a tree , then come into view again , and now there neome into view the cross-section of a redwood tree that be on exhibit , with certain of its ring mark to show what it have live through , and they approach it . ( continue ) " y from among the dead 66 . ( cont to ) , scottie would you like a drink of water ? madeleine no , thank you . scottie move to the small upright drink fountain as madeleine approach the tree section and stand pefore it and study it . scottie get a drink of water , then come up behind madeleine and stand , and she be seemingly unaware of he presence . they back be to the camera . insert of ring on the tree , mark with date , beginning near the center with the date 909 a.d. and end with 1930 - trée cut -down . be ext . red wood - ( day ) - close shot . we see the two profile : madeleine stare at the tree , scottie stare at madeleine . she raise one glove hand and almost idly begin to trace a finger up along the white line that be mark : 1776 declaration of independence . and as the hand - move 'a little to the leave , madeleine begin to _ speak , almost vacantly , oblivious of all but this piece of tree , and herself , a ' madeleine somewhere in here I be bear .... seeee and here I die ..... and it be only a moment for yousee . eccesse fou take no notice ... scorris '' " ( almost sharply ) madeleine ] . - she turn she head to he , only now aware of he presence , and stare at he without expression . then slowly she turn and walk away , and the camera , panning her slightly , bring the head and shoulder of scottie into the foreground , and he watch she , wonder anxiously , try to put thing together in he mind . madeleine walk on until . she disappear behind one of the distant redwood . '' be ( > 177 . ql , 178 , '' a | ) 179 . '' > 180 , 0 ° . 182 , & om ! 182 , 1 } 2 183 . 2 = . 18h . 5 | gue : from among the dead 67 . ext . red wood - ( day ) - medium shot scottie move over , watch she . ext , red wood - ( day ) - long shot . the camera move over as though it be scottie look . it move far enough to reveal that madeleine be no longer there . she seem to have disappear . ext . red.wood ~ ( day ) - medium shot scottie come forward , the camera panning he , to get a better view of where madeleine go . ext , red wood - ( day ) - semi - Lone shot fhe camera in scottie 's position , move around , show that there be no sign of madeleine whatsoever . ext . red wood = ( day ) - medium shot the camera dolly scottie down toward the tree . ~ exe . red wood - ( day ) - semi - long shot camera be now among the tree where madeleine be last see , as it vel across they , it finally bring she into view . she 's lean against a tree with she head bent back , ext , red wood - ( day ) - closeup scottie '' come to a stop as he see she . exd . red wood ~ ( day ) - semi-closeup madeleine lean against the tree . her eye be close and she be breathe heavily . in the background we see scottie approach she . as he come up to she , the camera ease back and move around until it face she and scottie . scottie ( gently ) madeleine ..... ( continue ) ~ y wv vp from among the dead 68. 18h . ( cont would ) sue open she eye slowly , and look at he , recognize he , and yet not quite , as though she be slightly hypnotize . scottie speak gently . scottie where be you now ? . ine . ( sottay aistant1y ) ' here with you . i scottie where ? madeleine the tall tree .... of scottie have you be here before ? madeleine : yes .... scootrtie _ when ? she shake she héad . sccottis when weré you bear ? . madeleine Long ago .... scortis where ? she shake she head , _ scottie when ? , her head continue to move back and forth , gently deny . his voice be more positive , now , more urgently demand . scottie ell I . the head move more rapidly , now , as though deny some inner complusion . a 9012-57 oo 18h . vw " 9212-57 from among the dead 69 ( cont would ) ' scottie madeleine ! tell I ! the rapidly move head stop short , and she eye open wide , and she cry out : - madeleine nolecccoee hod scottie ( low and urgent ) tell I what it be . where do you go ? what take you away ? madeleine no , do not ask I } they be both speak quickly , now , the word eascade without pause . , , scottie when you jump in the bay , you do not kmow where you be . you . guess but you do not lmow , she be madeleine : z do not jump , t fall ! you tell I I fell} " scoptie why do you jump ? : madeleine nol : , scottie what be it inside that bold you to jomp ? fight it strongly , yet pathetically . madeleine no , I can not tell youl - . scottie what ? $ : ( strongly ) . no} please ! please , please , please , please , do not ask mee aw . from among the dead 70 . 18 k. ( cont would ) and she head drop , and she sag , and scottie stand quietly watch she , know he can push it no fur - the . madeleine : ( softly , tired ) a take I away from here ...? qo . scottie Home ? esse somewhere in the light . os ~ he take she arm . she look up at he with a tired smile . . . : , madeleine . vo and promise you will not ask I again . please promise I that . ug . he look down at she somberly , promise and be - | fusing nothing . they start walk , hold to - . gether , and the two figure become small in the | os : distance , move away through the tall tree . | y ow dissolve to : 185 . ext . cypress point or point lobos - ( day ) same day . below ' the point of land , the sea pound against ths a? rock , madeleine stand alone , silhouett against : : the sky . scottie 's sit in the car , watch she . she do not move . then slowly she start to wik toward the sea , and as he watch he sense , with - out be sure , that she pace be increase , and suddenly he open the car door and jump out and . ib slam the door and begin to run . but then 's he see aa . something , and slow . down quickly and wall , for madéleine have stop and turn and be wait for bim . " there be a gentle , apologetic smile in she - eye she wait , and he come to a stop before pe '' . madeleine ' why do you run ? he look down at she searchingly . ms _ scottie '' ' — ( finally , quietly ) I be responsible for you now , you '' ' 9e12=57 ( continue ) > aw / from among the dead mn . a 185 . ( cont would ) cd scottie ic mow . the chinese say that once > you have save someone 's life , you be responsible for it forever . and so I 'm. commit . and I have to lmow . . of o. madeleine - and you will go on save I ? again and again ? he wait , she look down . . : madeleine 2 9 . there be so little I mow . it be as though I be walk down a long corridor that once be mirrore , and fragment of mirror still hang there , dark and shadowy , reflect a dark image of I .... and yet not I .... someone else , in other clothes , of another time , do thing I have never do .... but still I .... and I can not stop to ask why , I must keep on walk . at the end of the corridor there be nothing but darimess , dnd I lmow when I walk into the darkness , I will es ( pause ; she look up ) but I have never come to the end ; I have @lway come back , before then . ex - t 2 cept once . * scottie yesterday . - she nod . a & ? wee scottie - Aid 's you do not know . you do not know what happen . until you . , find yourself there with I . she shake she head . ' scottre . you do not know where you be . _ she shake she pad , c . scottie wu but the small scene , the fragment ~ in the mirror : you remember they . = 9012-57 ( continue ) a aw 185 . ( cont 'a ) + 9212-57 from among the dead 72 . madeleine vaguely .... scottie what . do you remember ? madeleine ( search ) a room .... there be a room , and I sit there alon .... always alone .... scottie would you know the room ? madeleine no .... it 's in shadow . scottie what else ? madeleine a grave ... scottie . where ? madeleine I do not know . a open grave . ' i. stand by the gravestone look down into it . and it 's my grave . : scorttis how do you know ? . madeleine i. know . scortrtiz there 's a name on the gravestone . 7 maperetne no . it 's new and clean , and wait . scottie " ( beginning to feel 1ost ) what else ? madeleine ( search ) - . . this part be '' deeam , I think , there be a tower ... and a bell .... and - a@ garden below ... but it seem to be in Spain .... a village in Spain . '' and then it click off , and be go . ( continue ) wo oo 185 . ( 2 ) cc 2 '' 5 ' d5 om 4 es ? 4 ax i , _ 9=12=57 ' from among the dead ( cont ? a ) . . scot ? Ie a portrait ? do you ever see a portrait ? . madeleine no . scottie of the woman in the mirror . you kmow she if you see she ? would madeleine : but iim the woman in the mirror ! scottie ( desperately ) not she look up at he , rebuffe , desperately lose , and she eye well with tear . scottie be look away , lose in think . scottie ( to himself ) if I could find the keysee . e find the beginning .... put it together ...e. madeleine ( quietly , lose ) and so explain it away ? but there be a way to explain it , see . if I be mad ? that would explain it , would not it ? scottie look at she , and she eye be big with fright and despair and a plea for denial , and suddenly she break , and the tear flow , and she turn she head sway 's sharply and turm and run toward the edge of the ° . : scottie . madeleine ! he race after she and catch she and hold she '' and she be against he , cling tightly , deep in he embrace , end sobbi.ag fiercely . , madeleine ( muffled , against nay breast ) it not mad . I be not mad . and I - do not want to -die , but there 's ( continue ) 186 , u o — 185 , ( cont would ) from among the dead 7h. 's madeleine ( cont would ) ; someone inside I , there 's some - body else , and she say I mst gle ..... scottis , do not let I gol scottie I be here , I have get you ..... : madeleine itm so afraid ..ec. : ' : ( she look . up ) . eeco you will not let it happen .... her face be . close to he and they be cling tightly together . he shake he head , and then suddenly he mouth be on hers , and they be deep in a kiss , they lip part , but remain close together . : madeleine ( whisper ) do not leave I .... stay with I ... : scottiz all the time , . they kiss again , passionately . and the wind blow , and the wave dash against the rock , throw up a curtain of spray . dissolve to : int . midge's apartment - ( night ) _ - outside the terrace darkness be fall , and the light of the city have come on . in midge 's ~ apartment the light be on and soft music : come from the radio ( possibly '' progressive jazz " of the gentle George shear kind ) . midge be painting at a stand easel ; she hes a palette ; obviously she be painting in oll . we cannot see what she be painting ; the canvas on stretcher have its back to we . its size be about by forty inch . whatever it be , it seem to please hert she pause in she work , pick up a highball from a table nearby , drink and stare at the painting and giggle a little to herself , then apply a few more daub . now ahe hear the out - side gate slam . she put down the brush and the drink , move the easel a bit so that the canvas cannot be see from the front door , pick up a ( continue } oo from among the dead 75 . ( cont would ) water tumbler that contain a small nosegay , and hurry out to the kitchen with it . the door to the apartment slam . scor ( call ) midge ? midge hurry out of the kitchen . midge hl , jobnny ! do you get my message ? : ~e she immediately go to the small sideboard or table on which be bottle , glass , and ice , and mix he a highball . scottie be at ease . he drop he hat on a chair near the door and wander into the room . - I do sinse shen do * ce when you go about slip note under man 's door ? midge since I stop be able to get they on the phone . for a man who have nothing to do , you be certainly a busy little bee . where do you go , this day ? scottie just. wander . : midge where ? ' scorrre around . . midge oh ? she hand he the drink . he take a do pull at it as she watch hin . scomttiize mm. better . midge do you need it ? ( continue ) ° 3b _.. from among the dead 76 . 186 . ( cont would ) _ '' os _ scottie co : yeah . midge j oh ? she cross the room to get she own 1 drink , give D a flick of a glance at the canvas as she go . 2 . scottie watch she , slightly amused , lmow - that she curiosity be work like mad . scottie : what be this desperate urge to see net midge . all I say in the note be : nhere - be you ? " that do not sound desperate to I . - o° scottie well , I detect a undercurrent . midge I just think if I give you a drink and feed you some dinner , you would be so grateful youtd take I to a movie . scottie Fair enough . what will we talk ' about at dinner ? a midge . oh .... this and that . scottie '' what I have be do ? a , '' * ' midge _ if you go toe naturally , we : will not talk about anything you do n!t want to talk about . . : * scottie : . naturally . : oo ? ) pause / midge '' ( innocently ) : what have you be do ? 912-57 ) : ( continue ) oo 6 v G ws u 7 { cont to ) ' gule ? from among the dead tt . scottie . '' ( with a small grin ) wandering . he take ariother long pull and . wander over . and '' sweeten the drink , midge move a little to block he view of the easel and canvas . 77 " '' scortr what have you be do ? he wander back into the room . on , '' '' I be have a wonderful time ] . I have go back to my first love , .. painting . a '' scottie '' good , ' I have always aid you be waste . you time in the undere wear department , well , itt a.live . but itm excited about this . : oo _ 7 . '' scorrre what be it , a still life ? midge '' ( brightly ) . _ no , not exactly . want to. see ? sasttte move toward the easel and midge back away , so that as he come around to face the canvas she be beyond bim , in back .of he , ds he move toward the easel : : as a matter of fact , I think I might give it to you . 7 ( sm not , sur ris id ) ling , . surprise oo obe . and now '' he come around to face the easel and stop to look , Beyond he midge 's face have a great smile of anticipation , and now we see what he see . the camera rest on the lower half of the canvas and we see the fold of the blue and gold gown , and the two hand , one hold the nosegay . ( continue ) oa , ' a c and i ) G G 186 , 187 . 9n12 057 ! from among tee dead 78 . ( gent ' 4 ) the gamera pan up to reveal that it be a hasty but quite creditable copy of the " portrait of carlotta " , half size . but there be one difference , the face be midga 's face , . ind . midge's apartment - ( night ) scottia stare at the portrait . Beyond he , midge smmlle - with anticipation . scottie 's face ia drain ' and expressionless , and a deep look - of sadness and regret come into he sye . pause , ‘> scottie : ( softiy ) |. not funny , midge . . midget smile fade . she be puzzle and L surpeise , scottie put down he drink gently and without looke ing at she , start for the door , - midge johnny } scottie take he hat from the chair and ' move on to the door , midge , completely take aback , start for midge — _ bat johany , i.thought you would «= she ' break off as he turn he head to look at she , het not at all angry , but disturb inside and sorry it happen , ' scottie ( nicely ) we 'llimake that movie some _. other night , buh ? and he 's go out the door and close it behind he , '' ( De vatel loge it : ) jesperately apologetic but sobuny ...$ ! 3 '' and she '' stare at the door with a " well - i!11 - be - demn " expression , and now , abruptly , she get angry at herself . . midge ah , molt : ( continue ) 3 MK from among the dead 196 187 . ( cont would ) oe she turn away and move toward the canvas . midge oh! marjorie Wood !! you fool !! she stop before the canvas and stare at she face in the portrait . and all she anger at herself come *n out in one great blast of scorn . '' midge ' ' { at the portrait ) | : . : ohs332 ! : of F . and she pick up a ' brash and with three vicious danb B > . paint a moustache and a beard on she image . then : she throw the brush out the window , ' dissolve to : i ) 188 , ext , unton square - ( night ) tt be about 3 a.m . the Square be desert -- perhaps a odd taxi or car drive by . we see scottie , a solitary a figure , walk . by he attitude , head down , hand oe thrust into he pocket , we see that he be lose in soo . think -- wrestle with he problem . dissolve to : 189 . '' int . scottie' apartment - ( early dawn ) 4 - seottie be in the easy chair face the fire asleep . his tie be loosen , he shirt be open at the neck . it be clear that he fall asleep while sit there think of madeleine , and . sleep through the night . the fire be almost out . through the window we can 3 : barely distinguish coit Tower in the beginning of qo @ gray . dawn . amt the doorbell begin to ring insistently . there be @ kmock on the door . scottie awaken sharply , gather himself together , hurry to the door and 3 open it ... madeleine stand . there , look shake ) . * and white and frighten . she be wear a black : suede jacket and black slack . behind she , finger of mist swirl in the lighten day . she stand there stare at he pleadingly . y scottis c . what 's the matter ?... what time / be 1t ?.. , madeleine , what 's ay happen ? . vod 9- 12-57 ( continue ) from among the dead 80 . ( conta ) he draw she in and close the door and lead she into the room . ( barely ) I should have phone .... bat ? I want to see you ... be with you ... scotrtie why ? what 's happen ? madeleine ' I have the dream . the dream come back again .... she be tremble , and he hold she closely . scottie _ itts all right , you be all right . I will get you some brandy . he break away to a small cupboard nearby . madeleine ( sharply ) - no , do not go away ! scottie only this far . he get out a bottle of brandy and . a small glass and uncork the bottle and pour the brandy as he come back to she , '' scoteie here , straight down , it 's medicine . she take a sip and put the glass away . scottie . | where ! gs you husband ? --vadeletne 7 vo I do not wake hin , I do not want he to - know wecesee - she be still shaking . scottie here , now , it 's go to be all right . here . 61287 so - ( continue ) '' ft 1 'o , ww 9-12-57 from among the dead 61 . ( cont would ) he gently push she down in the easy chair , turn swiftly and kick up the fire and throw some wood on . he pull the low . stool up before she , sit on it , and take she hand , scotris it be a dream , you be awake , ' you be all right , now . can you tell I ? madeleine it be the tower again ... and the bell , and the old Spanish village ..... scottie yesq < -- madeleine but clear .... so very clear ... for the first time ... all of it .... scottie tell I . madeleine . there be a village square , a green with tree ... , and a old whitewash Spanish church with a cloister . across '' the green : a big , grey , wooden house with a porch and shutter and a balcony above .... a small garden , and next to it , a livery stable .... with old carriage line up inside . scottie have be listen intently with grow . awareness , and now as she mention the livery stable , he eye glow with the excitement of recognition , scottie go on . madeleine at the end of the green there be a whitewash stone house with a lovely pepper tree at the corner -- =- scottie ( finish it ) . w2 - and a old wooden hotel of the old California day , and a saloon .... dark ... low -ceiling .... with hang oil lamp . ( continue ) oo. oo ly a we my 189 . 9212-57 from among the dead 82 . ( cont would ) madeleine yes ? $ but --- scottie ( gently ) it 's all there . it 's no dream . pause , as she stare at he , puzzle , anxious . scottie you have be there before , you have see it . : madeleine no , never ! scottie madeleine , a hundred mile south of San Francisco there 's a old Spanish Mission , Mission San Juan bautista . it 's be preserve exactly as it be a hundred year ago , as a museum . now , think hard , darling . you have be there before . you have see it ! ( frightened ) no , never ! I have never be there } scottie , what be it ? I have never . be there } Long pause as they stare at seach other , he desperately try to think it through , she move and frighten . he rise and move away , anxious and shake . scottie ( to himself ) carlotta ... he shake he head angrily , fight the idea . madeleine watch he anxiously . scottie what be it he say ?.... " she come from somewhere south of : the city .... some say a mission _ bettlement ..... " ' he turn on madeleine almost desperately . scottie madeleine , think hard ! } ( continue ) of o og __. , from among the dead 83 . ( cont to ) '' she shake she head frantically , hopelessly , close to tear . pause . scottie ( quietly ) . . go on. with you dream . what be it that frighten you ? madeleine - ( remember ) I stand alone on the green , search for something , and I start to walk to the church . but then the darkmess close in , I be alone in the dark , be ed into darimess , and it fight to wake up .... she '' look at he , frighten again ' the memory . ee go to she reassuringly . 7 sccottie you be go to be all right now , madeleine . I have get something to ' work on now . - I be go to take you ' there - to the Mission - this after - noon . and when you see it , you will remember when you see it before , and that will finish you dream and destroy it . I promise . youtll be free . she look up at he end try +o smile . scoptie all right ? ' she nod . itll take on hen you home . if you hmsband be awake , say you could not +. sleep and go out for some air . and come back to I about noon . vay come along . he " reise she to she foot . she smile up at he gratefully . '' madeleine wee ke b98 , minute go alone . itm all right . they stend there for a moment , look at each other . dissolve to : be u 191 . 192 . . 193 - be , 195 . ‘pel2~57 from among the dead bl . ext , a highway south of san francisco - ( day ) tall tree line the road on both side and arch across to meet high above , form a long , eerie , shadowy tunnel shot through with streamer of sunlight . we be as though in the front seat of acar , travel fast , look up and ahead to the distant end of the tunnel , and the tree flash bye ext , the highway - ( day ) another angle to show the green jaguar travel along the road through the tunnel of tree . int , the jaguar -. ( day ) madeleine and scottie ; he be at the wheel , stare straight ahead , lose in think . madeleine , now smartly - dress in she grey suit , be stare up at the tummel of tree . '' scottie glance at she . she emile at he timidly . ext . thr highway - ( day ) shoot 's down the road toward the end of the tunnel of tree , and the jaguar move away fast .. it get clear of the tree and into daylight . dissolve to : ext , the righway : a road junction = ( day ) - side angle shot of the jaguar es it turn of= the ~ highway onto a side road . the camera pan the car , then lose it as it go out of the shot , and hold on a road sign that read : . '' mission san juan bautista 3 mile exd . mission san juan bautista ~ ( day ) we ‘are look along the cloister , down the long corridar of arch . in the foreground a small sign on a standard read : . EL camino real mission san juan bautista . founded JUNE 2h , 1797 ( contimue ) '' | : wo ~ oc ) 195 . oa of 5 ) | | ds d> 02 =e ot seat 196 . 5 a 197 . 3 198 . qo ) 9212-57 , from among the dead be ( cont ! d ) 's the music of the Mission theme , mingle with car - . ' lottat theme , begin to drift in , a evocation of the past ; a sighing that grow and seem to have behind it the echo of lose voice call . the | camera move and ease around a bit to look through | the arch across the green toward the open side and the valley and the hill beyond . a lone mun be crossing the green to the church , a clock strike the.half hour , the camera pan to look at the large wooden two -story house 'on the far side of the green , then the little garden , . then the Plaza livery stable , and the road alongside . the jaguar stand there empty . the camera continue to pan along the white - wash stone castro House , see the pepper tree , move along the Plaza Hotel , and come to rest shoot at the saloon thet form the far corner of the hotel . Three tourist exit from the main entrance . of the hotel , get into they car . the car move . toward the camera , and go past , and out - of the shot . fhe camera dolly in to the front door of the saloon . over the door be a sign : plaza HOTEL bar room . on either side of the door be poster proclaim reward for . the apprehension of bandit who have hold up Wells fargo Express wagon . the camera shoot through the open door . '' . int . plaza HOTEL bar room - ( day ) empty , silent ; old pool table in the foreground , the bar in the background . as the camera scan the room : dissclve to : int , plaza HOTEL front parlor - ( day ) it too be silent and desert . in the far wall , a fireplace , with a old clock on the mantel . in one corner , a@ small old organ , with a hymeal open onthe rack ; in the other ’comer , a victorian sofa . the flower rug be fade , the furniture be shabby . dissolve to : ext , plaza HOTEL - ( day ) look toward the lovely pepper tree and the whitewash stone castro House , and the tall eucalyptus tree beyond . the camera pan slowly ( continue ) I from among the dead , 86 . a 198 . ( cont would ) co . past the empty jaguar and come to rest on ' the dark cc open of the livery stable and move slowly toward it . dissolve to : 198a . int , livery stable - ( day ) oo x the dark interior of the livery stable . the figure . of scottie and madeleine be see a little way in . madeleine be seat in a surrey , while scottie stand by she , . 199 . int . livery stable - ( day ) madeleine 's eye be close . scottie , lean against the surrey , look up at she intently . after a moment he call to she softly . 's scottie . - madeleine .....? she open she eye and look down at he . : scottie : . wher . be you now ? oe sha smile at he gently . 's madeleine ( softly ) . . here. with you . '' 7 " 7 scottie fa 2 and..it 's all real , madeleine yes . scorftie > : . ( firmly ) 43 not merely as it be a hundred year ago . as it be a year : ago , or six month ago , whenever you be here to see it . . , ( press ) > madeleine , think of when you be here } she look down nat he with a worried , regretful smile , wishing she could help he . then she look away into the distance , and speak almost irrelevantly . ( a , madeleine & : + ( dreamily ) on there be not so many carriage , ( 2 ws then , and there be horse in 9 - 12 - 57 ( continue ) g=12-57 from among the dead '' 87 . ye ; ( cont ! a ) madeleine ( cont would ) the stall ; a bay , two black , and agrey . it be we favorite place , but we be forbidden to play here , and sister Teresa would scold we ..... scottie look up at she in desperation , then look | about the stable for help . his look scan the carriage and wagon line ageinst the wall , go . past the old fire truck on which there be a placard ' | proclaim the world 's championship of 188 ) , and finally stop at a small buggy ~ a bike wagon = to which be hitched a full - size model of a handsome gray horse . scottie | well , now , here ! he race to the horse . on it hang a sign : " Greyhound World 's greatest trotter . " . : scottie eere 's you grey horse ! course he would . heave a tough time get in . and out of a stall without be push , but stil ...... you see ?. there 's a answer for everything ! . - he look across to madeleine eagerly . she be stare ahsad , lose in '' the past . : scottie madeleine ! try ! no answer , the misic be more insistent , now , a wind , and the faint voice call more clearly . madeleine slowly rise to she foot as though sense the call . scottie move back to she and stand there , lock up . he raise he arm , she put she hand on he shoulder and slip to the ground with he kelp , and he be hold she . they head be close together . | : : scortie madeleine , try .... for I ... mith a small movement , they lip come together , ' and they kiss ; not impulsively , as before , but with deep , sure love and himger for each other . they lip part ; but he still hold she tightly , bis head press down against hers , and she be look - ing past he , she eye wide with anxiety . and a clock strike the three - quarter hour . ( continue ) 'w 199 . oo > oo 3 oo > ow 5 200 . {: : 200a . 2 , 9/12/57 from among tee dead 88 . ( cont would ) . scottie my love ... because I love you .... madeleine ( whisper ) I love you , too .... too late eeee too late ... > sscorriree no .... we be together .... madeleine too late ... there 's something I must dow ... he hold she gently , now ; brushes he lip along she hair , to she eye , down to she mouth . nothing you mist do ... mo one possess you .... you be safe with I ... my love .... and 's they kiss again . as they part : madeleine too late ... she look up at he with deep regret and wonder in she eye , then suddenly break from he and run out the door , he stand still , startle fora moment , then run after she . ext . livery stable - ( day ) madeleine be rumning across the grass toward the church . scottie catch up with she . ext . livery stable - ( day ) + reverse angle scottie swing she around to face he . scottie ( firmly ) there be thing I have to tell you , about how we meet , and why we be to - gether , but they can wait . the only important thing now be that I love you and I be go to keep you safe , . madele ( tremble ) you can not . ( continue ) my 200a . os a> | | oo 5 a ow ; 3 4 > 5 2008 . ~ . & 5 201 . '' will ofs sd 9a12-57 from among the dead 89 , ( cont would ) scottie why ? madeleine let I go . scottie where ? madeleine to the church , I must go there . . scottis madeleine --- madeleine please let I go . she pull away and turn and walk swiftly toward the church , she head bow . camera dolly with she . she be frighten , and close to tear , scottie follow she a haifestep behind . the livery stable _ drop away out of the shot , and the two head fill the sersen with only the sky as background . scottie - madeleine , do not fight I off , do not put I away . you have be fight alone , and you be lose , but no more . hold on to I . be sure of I , always , and whatever . it be , we will lick it . I promise . ' no answer , they keep walk , and then suddenly with head bow , she begin to run again , and run out of the shot . a moment , then he run after she , ext . the mission and cloister - ( day ) + semi long shot we see madeleine run toward the cloister , scottie after she . finally he stop she once again , ext . the cloister - ( day ) - medium shot scottie grab she by the arm , - : madeleine ( head low , brokenly ) it 's not . fair , it 's too late . it.was not suppose to happen this way , it should not have happen ....! : ( continue . aw from among the dead 90 . 201 .. ( cont would ) 4 ! scottie ; it have to . we be in love . that 's all that count . madeleine --- madeleine ( frantic , struggle ) | let I gol .... let I go !! . ( B aing her} harply ) : - ( hol she ; sharply . madeleine !! ° the struggle cease . she remain limp in he grasp for a long moment , then slowly raise she : ' head to look at he . her sye study he face | : searchingly . you believe that I love you ? of D ? - scottie : : yes. madeleine : and if you lose I , you will know C ' that I love you ' and want to rt = : go on loving you . scottie _ I will not lose you . 5 pause . : a madeleine , let I go into the church alone . a scottie " : why ? madeleine please . because I love you . he stare at she , see the plead look in ’her eye , and let go . she turn and walk away toward the church , slowly , she head bow . ' he watch she 'go and start to move after she . then slowly , as she go , she head begin to go up until finally , as she walk , she be stare high above she . and then , suddenly , she break into a break run . . aw " do2. 203. 2th , 208. 206 . 207 . 208. from among the dead 921 . ext . cloister - ( day ) scottie jerk he head up to see what she be lock at . ext . " cloister = ( day ) ~ from scottie 's viewpoint : the high church tower . ext . cloister - ( day ) = - scottie , immediately alarmed , bring he eye down ' and look toward the church entrance . ext . cloister - ( day ) from scottie 's viewpoint : madeleine run through the open front door of the church , and vanish . ext . cloister - ( day ) ' scottie start to run toward the cimrch . scottie madeleine !!! he run to the éhurch door and run in . int . church , san juan bautista - ( day ) scottie run in 's and look around frantically . the church be empty . a moment , then he hear the sound of footstep run up wooden step . he turn in the direction cf the sound , see a door ' stand open at the side of the church , and through the door the beginning of a flight of step . he run to the open door and go through . int . church tower - ( day ) - scottie run in , stop at the foot of the’ step , hear the be footstep , and look up . from he viewpoint we see madeleine rum . up the open stairway that spiral up along the wall of the . , , '' bigh tower . she 1s already well on she way . 9- 12-57 , ( continue ) ws a u 5 2 208 , 209 . 210 . 21. 9012-57 from among the dead 92 . ( cont would ) scottie be immediately stricken by vertigo , and the tall tower seem to slide away from he . he make a attempt to start up the stair , flatten himself against the wall and struggle up . he claw he way up , cross over to the handerail and use it to he body up the step , one by one , struggle ‘om breath , unable to call , though he try . and madeleine keep run . . madeleine reach the top , go through a small wooden door , we see it slam , hear it lock . scottie , struggle up , reach a landing next to a small open arch that look out on the back garden , and have to stop to fight he nausea . there be a scream from above , through the arch he see a body fall . he call " madeleine "t , and look down through the arch , ext , roof - ( day ) = long shot figure of the dead madeleine , her body be lie on the roof of the cloister , int . church tower = ( day ) the vertigo hit scottie again and the body and the ‘roof of the cloister move and fall away into space , ' and this dissolves through to : the body of the policeman fall from the recftop , tumble through space to the street below . scottie have to look away in desperate horror , he hear voice , look through the arch again , and see two nung hurry across the garden from the dormitory at the beck , look up at the roof of the cloister . he turn and gaze down the great height he now have to descend , flatten himself against the wall , and with trancelike desperation try to start move . fade out : fade in : ext , mission san juan bautista - ( daz ) once again we see the whole of the square , but ( continue ) vp ~ 2il. ( cont would ) , rno 212 . . 9-12-57 from among the dead 93 . now , in . sharp contrast , it 1s fill with car + park 4 along the roadway that encircle the green . ext . mission san juan bautista - ( day ) - long shot before Plaza Hall , the large grey wooden building ! next to the . livery stable , and on its front porch , group of citizen be gather , talk . some people ; glance up to the second floor , where the window be 'o i open , and from which a dron voica can faintly be hear . on ) the camera zoom up to the open window , and as it do , the voice of the speaker become louder and the word more intelligible . . int . plaza hall room , san juan bautista - ( day ) the coroner 's inquest be in session . the jury of twelve local people be at one side . among the people assemble we see : the two nun , escort by a priest ; gavin elster with he attorney ; some State patrolmen ; and , of course , scottie , next to he be a burly man ' in he fifty in civilian clothes , almost obviously a detective and obviously scottie 's one friend there . he be detective Captain Fred hansen 's of the San Fran - cisco Police . at the front of the room be the official who be speak - ing , a rather testy old man . behind he on the wall be a old , crudely hand - make american flag from the last century , and a California bear flag . ( note : the first paragraph of the following speech cover the rise and entrance of the camera and become intelligisle only at its end . ) official Mr. ' elster , suspect that all be not well with bis wife 's nental state , take the preliminary pre caution of have she watch b by Mr. Ferguson lest any harm befall she , and you have hear that Mr. elster be prepare to take he wife to a institution where she mental health would have be in the hand . of qualified specialist . dnd Mr. Ferguson , be a ex-detec - tive , would have seem the proper choice for the role of watchdog ( continue ) = from among the . dead . oh. 4 ) 212 . ( cont would ) official ( cont would ) and protector , as you have learn , it be a unfortunate choice . however , I think you will agree that ' no blame can be attach to the husband . his delay in put he wife under medical care be due only to the need for 's information as to she behavior that he expect : to get from Mr , Ferguson . he have take very precaution to protect . . he wife . he could not have antici - > : pate that Mr. Ferguson 's " weakness " he '' fear of height " , call " acrophobia " , would make he power - less when he be most need , i - as to Mr , Ferguson : you have hear > . he former superior , detective Captain hansen , from that great city to the north , testify as to he character and ability . Captain . hansen be most enthusiastic , the so . fact that Mr. Ferguson once before , ow : under similar circumstance , allow U t * vu & police colieague to fall to he death , Captain hansen dismiss as a " unfortunate incident . " Captain hansen 's eye narrow and he face redden . scottie stare - .at the floor dully , oblivious to what be be say . official of course Mr. Ferguson be to be congratulate for have once 3 - bave the woman 's life when , in 4 previous fit of . aberration , she throw herseif into the Bay . it be a pity that know she suicidal tendency he do not make a great : effort the second time . but we be 5 not here to pass judgement on Mr , : perguson 's lack of initiative . he do nothin , gat sec law have little say on subject of thing leave undone . vu + , : ' nor do he strange behaviour after 7 he see the body fall have any bear = on you verdict , he do not remain at _ — the scene of the death . he run away . we . he claim he suffer a mental blackout so 912-57 : ( continue ) my 212. 9e12-57 ; from among the dead 95 . ( cont would ) official ( cont would ) and kmaw nothing more until he find himself back in he own apartment in San Francisco several hour later , you may accept that or not . or , you may believe that , have once again allow someone to die , he could not face the tragic result of he own wealmess , and run away . that have nothing to do with you verdict . it be a matter between he and he conscience , now . from the evidence of the mind of madeleine elster prior to she death , from the manner of she death , and from the post- mortem examination of the body show the actual cause of she death , you should have no difficulty in reach - ing you verdict . gentlemen , you may retire , t the Foreman of the jury lean across to he colleague , and they go into a huddle , after a short whisper consultation there be a general nodd of head , then the Foreman stand . foreman we have reach the verdict . official 's and what be you verdict . foreman we find that madeleine ester commit suicide while be out ofem -- while be of un - sound mind . official you verdict will be so record . dismiss , people start to rise . there be a general exodus toward the doorway and the stair lead down to the. ground floor . scottie remain impassive , sti11 stare at the floor , people stare at he curiously as they move past he and away . detective hansen prise , take he by the arm , and help he to ‘his foot . hansen let 's go , scottie , ( continue ) _ B from among the dead 9 . a 212 . ( cont would ) ST co ! eansen ( cont would ) my ( glare over at the official grimly ) the son of a --- : . he purse he lip and start scottie toward the door . gavin elster move toward they , and they meet , and . have os. the :stop . hansen look at elster impassively . . elster do you mind if I speak to he for a minute ? ay receiving no answer , he take scottie by the elbow , '' | elster . : scottie ----- . he lead scottie away toward the window . they stop. o> ~ . elster : scottie , I be sorry . that be . . rough . : . a ' scottie finally look up at he . CW . : elster he have no right to say that . it be my responsibility . you do not know she . I should not have get you involved . { * scottie : ( struggle ) ieee - inne , elster : : . no , there 's nothing you have to _? say to I . I be get out , scottie . good . I can not stay here . I be wind up she affair , - and mine . I be go to .get as far '' . away as I can . probably Europe . and I will probably never come back . 2 : ( extends he hand ) .— ao Goodbye , scottie . if there 's any - . thing I can do for you before I bowsese . . ' scottie look at the outstretch hand , then look > up at the man 's face , want very much to tell {- he how he feel about the dead woman . but the word a 9- 12-57 ( continue ) vp from among the dead 97 . oo 212 . ( cont would ) ae will not come . elster drop he hand with a sympathetic cc half -smile , and touch scottie comfortingly on the arm . ° elster there be . no way for they to understand . but you and I know who kill madeleine . yy he and scottie look et each other for a moment . then . elster nod somberly and turn away and go down the stair with he attorney . the room be empty , now , but for hansen and scottie . hansen , wait near the door - way , look across to scottie stand alone by the window . Beyond scottie , through the windew , we can oy see the cloister across the green . | dissolve to : 213 . ext. a cemetery south of san francisco - ( day ) it be grey and desert . in the distance a figure come into view , walk slowly , approach a grave . it be scottie . . oo. 2134 . exit , a cemetery south of san francisco - ( dax ) - a closer view bring he to a stop before the grave , and he stare down at it impassively . the gravestone tell we it ts madeleine 's grave . : dissolve to : 24 . ext , san francisco - ( night ) a foggy night , the city hide in mist . the flash of beacon ; finger of fog ; the spasmodic growl and eries of fog horn . 215 . int , scottie' bedroom - ( niget ) scottie in bed , sleep restlessly . his head fill the screen , roll from side to side . in a slow oo dissolve , while he head remain on the screen , there wv come into focus and be superimpose as it get closer the head and shoulder of the portrait of carlotta . the camera pan down until it reveal the nosegay , the portrait be clear from the screen , aid a new image be superimpose ; the final scene at the in - quest between scottie and gavin elster , fut this 9-12-57 . ( continue ) from among the dead . 98 . 215 . ( cont would ) time , though it be not distinct , a woman 's head can be discern on elster 's shoulder . elster turn to the woman and say : " tell he he 's not to blame ; tell he . '' the woman turn she head to smile at scottie . it be carlotta Valdes again , dress as in the portrait , with the necklace at she throat , and she be alive . the picture fade away . scottie 's restless head be alone on th screen again . - : another scene dissolves onto the screen : the grar - yard at Mission dolore . the camera be approaching the grave of carlotta Valdes . now we see scottie reverse . epproach the grave . now the camera 216 . 9~12-57 > moving . closer to the grdve . it be open ; there be @ great black abyss , with the headstone to mark it . a closeup of scottie come to a stop as he stare down . the black depth of the grave fill the screen , and now , suddenly we start to fall . a bic head closeup of scottie , he hair windswept , stare down in horror as he fall . reverse angle : he be still fall , but now from the tower of the Mission at San Juan onto the roof where madeleine fall , ara at the moment of impact the picture clear , and scottie 1s sit up in bed , stare ahead in horror , awaken by the SOUND of he own scream . the scream be echoed by a fog horn in the distance . dissolve to : int , sanitarium bedroom - ( day ) we see a portable phonograph with a record on , anc we hear mozart at he gayest , most incisive , most ~ sperkle . and then we find midge stand nearby , smile across at scottie , who be seat in a whe=l - chair wear a dress gown over pajamas , his face be gaunt and expressionless . we be in a '' light and pleasant bed-sitting room . through the window we can see a lavely garden , and . a few - patient accompany >y nurse strolling along the path . midge ( brightly ) it 's mozart . wolfgang amadeus . I have @ long talk with the lady in . musical therapy , and she say mozart 's the boy for you , johnny . the broom that sweep the cobweb away . that 's what the lady say . you lmow , it 's wonderful how they have ( continue ) Le 3 216 . from among the dead - 99 . ( cont would ) : midge ( cont would ) get 1t all tape now , John . they have get music for melancholiac , and music for dipsomaniacs , and music for nymphomaniacs ..... I wonder what would happen if somebody mix up they file ? there be no reaction on scottie 's face , and midge make a grimace of dissatisfaction at the wealmess of she joke . she look across at he uncertainly . midge but I bring you a lot of other thing . you can see what you like . and the thing shut off automatically . she cross to he swiftly and imeel beside he , midge . ah , johnny , please try . johnny , $ you be not lose . mother 's ere . : no reaction . Long pause . then we hear the door open . scottie do not seem to hear , but midge turn she head . a nurse be look in , with a significant look at midge . time ? okay . the nurse go out . midge rise , midge I will be in again , John , do you want I to shut that off ? it shut off automatically . her eye crinkle with anxiety , she nod and go to the phonograph and shut it off , she come back to he slowly , and stand behind he , and put she hand on he shoulder . ( softly ) . ah , johany - 0.... you do not know I be here , do you ? she lean down and kiss he lightly on the top of the head , and smile gently . 9-12-57 ( continue ) from among the dead 100 . 216 . ( cont would ) 217 . 9-12-57 midge but . I be here . she move to the door , go : out of the shot , and we hear the door open and close . scottie have not move , he face do not change expression . his head bend down , and he gaze be fix on the floor . int , corridor outside scottie' room - ( day ) midge , walk down the corridor , meet the nurse near the open door of a office . midge could I see the doctor for . 8 moment ? thé ‘nurse back ‘op a step and look in the open door - way . se nurse _ dector ...? the Doctor look ‘ep and see midge in the doorway . . " doctor , _. , ohe | yos , miss Wood ? the nurse continue on up the corridor . midge remain din the doorway . De ; 5 octor , how tose be it go | to take you to pull he out of this ? 7 ~ doctor ° tt be hard to say . six month , at least . perhaps a year . it depend to a certain extent on midge he will not talk . doctor no . we have way of digging out knowledge . but it take longer . he be suffer from acute melancholia , together with a guilt complex . he blame he - _ self for what happen to the ' woman . and we know little of the background . ( continue ) we bn from among the dead 101 , - | a ub 217 . ( cont ! 4 ) ) I can give you one thing : he be : ; in love with she , . | . : doctor ah ? that complicate the problem . | mapge ° . - I 'll give you another complication : | he still be . : ! the Doctor study she carefully . : } ) midge ! and you know something , Doctor ? I do not think mozart 's go to help at all . she attempt a bright , gay smile but it come out 2 wrong . she turn and walk away down the corridor . fade over . - fade in : os 218 . '' scottie' apartment = ( night ) ~ once again a foggy night . the street light ringed in the mist , and coit Tower barely dis - cernible in the distance , the fog horn sound , dissolve to : 3 . 219 , int . scottie' apartment - ( night ) the live room be mostly in shadow . one light in a far corner be light , there be a fire in ' the fire - > place , but it be almost burnt out , and cast only & faint glow , a easy chair have be draw up ' before the fire , and next to it be a small table on which be a bottle of whiskey , the remain of a highball , and a ashtrey full of cigarette butt . there be no sign of life in the apartment . the > telephone ring in the bedroom . it continue to ring . dissolve to : & 220 . int . ernie' restaurant , upstair room - ( night ) C seottie be seat at the bar , exactly as he be '' the first time he see madeleine . the dining room 9 - 12- 57 ( continue ) I : ' " from among the dead 102 . a 220 , ( cont would ) ; = , . '' a . be crowded , scottie 's glance wander about the room '' oo . as he drink , but he - do not seem to be so mich ' > search as wait , and then he stiffen , from somewhere across the room a man and a woman be make they way among the table toward the exit , and they relative position as they move recall exactly the way madéleine and gavin elster move toward he on of . that night . and as the woman move toward he , > difficult to see clearly because of the movement of ' the waiter crossing she path , he could swear that it be madeleine , and so could we , although she do ' pot wear a evening dress , scottie stare , fear and hope as the woman get closer and closer . and 2 then she be there , and pause near he to wait for 2 . the man , exactly as madeleine do = but it be not - madeleine , dissolve to : os 221 , ext , brocklebank apartment - ( day ) scottie in 's the foreground , and across the street the : : apartment building from which madeleine use to _ emerg , with the forecourt for car , a long moment , ak then a man emerge and cross the street and walk po . . toward the fairmont Hotel , another wait , and then a ° woman come .out of the apertment house , she have madeleine 's figure and madeleine 's style , scottis freeze , . the woman cross the forécourt toward a car out of we sight , scottie move to follow the gotirse of the woman , and we move with he , and now 40 : the car come into sight , it be the green jaguar . . the woman open the car door , scottie race across the street and into the forecourt , by the time he get to the jaguar , the woman be in behind the wheel and have the motor start . scottie race up to she , then stop short , the woman be not like madeleine in feature , and be . a good deal older , she look up startle as scottie come to a. stop by the open car low . . scottie : where do you get this car ?! the woman ( startle by he - vehemence ) zi beg you pardon ? . ° scottie 4 a. : this cateee it .. a gal2=57 , ( continue ) ce ' gc } vv ws 222 , 223. ( ) 221 , ( cont would ) from among the dead 103 . - the woman oh} why ... I buy it froma man who use to live here , in this apartment building , mister gavin elster , I buy it from _bim when he move away . as scottie stare at she , she grasp the connection , - . '' the woman . oy you kmaw he ! and bis wife ? the poor thing , I do not know she , tell I = be it true that she really believe -- . but by this time scottie have turn and walk away , 's and she stare after he , a bit take aback , dissolve 10 : ext , palace of the legion of honor - ( day ) SE frame in 's the column of the forecourt , scottie wander up the front walk and pass through the @oor into the Art Gallery . . dn , palace of the legion of honor - ( day ) scottie wander to the entrance of the room in which hang the portrait of carlotta , and stop and look ' toward the far corner , some people pass before he , but then as the vista clear he see walk toward -him from carlotta 's corner a woman who mst surely be madeleine , he.atares , rigid , as she come closer , arid then she pass out of view as she head for the exit , scottie turn to keep she in sight , and as she - pass through the door to go cut to the courtyard she turn just a bit so that she be silhouett slightly in profile against the outer light , and once again surely it be madeleine , scottie head for the ' door fast , push through the courtyard , he break into a run and catch up with she and put out he hand to take she arm , and as he do she turn , startle by he sudden appearance . at she side - and they both stop and stare at each other , it be not madeleine , a moment , as the woman stare at he , frighten , . scottie itm sorry . '' ~ ~ " ( continue ) 223 . ( cont would ) from among the dead 10k . he turn away . the woman walk on . dissolve to : . omit . ext . podesta , baldocchi ~ ( late afternoon ) scottie stand before the window lookingat the : 1 floral display . in the foreground be agroup of madeup nosegay and one of they be exactly like ' the nosegay madeleine carry to the grave , to '' ' the portrait , to the moment she throw herself into the Bay . a porter close the shop door and lock 1 it . a moment , then scottie turn away to move down grant Avenue . he stop short . come up grant Avenue , head for sutter Street , be a group of shopgirl who have ' just come out of work , and among they be one who = again - must surely be madeleine . scottie watch they come closer , try toget a clear view through the crowd of passersby , catch sight of the girl only in glimpsis , and as the girl come abreast of . he ' they stop to make they farewell . the one nearest to scottie , see in profile , might have the same feature as madeleine . he can not be sure , this girl 's hair be dark , where madeleine 's be light ; she feature on closer inspection seem heavier , and she wear much more makeup . and yet there be something about the way she carry herself . the other girl cross the strest while the one nearest to scottie go on alone . he instinctively turn and follow , dissolve to : ext . sutter STREET wear leavenworth - ( late afternoon ) a trolley coach pass , head west . the girl start - ph 2 '' > 22h . of o. 225 , > ©» 5 o° of 8 of . 4.2 D ° zai - 0 3 '' ( ~ to '' 9- 12-57 to cross the street in the middle of the block , wait for another trolley coach to pass , continue to the opposite side , and go into the Empire Hotel , one of the typical inexpensive residential hotel of that neighborhood . scottie remain on the opposite side of the street , watch , wonder what to do next . he . wait , and then , in mch the same way it happen to he longagoat the mckittrick Hotel , he attention be attract to .a window on the second floor . ( continue ) vv ph from among the dead 105 . 226 . ( cont 'a ) : CO ° ' the girl appear and open the window about eight | . 227 . 9219-57 inch , then pull down the blind . scottie stare at the window , calculate in he mind the geographical position of the room , then start across the street . dissolve to : int . - upstair hall , judy' HOTEL - ( dusk ) scottie move down the hall count door and come to a stop . he knock . the door open , and the girl atand and look at he , and wait . scottie stare at she , search for a sign of recognition , but there be none . judy well ? what be it ? her voice be flat and slightly nasal , in sharp con - trast to madeleine 's low , husky voice . scottie wince slightly at . the sound of it . he keep stare at she for a moment . then : . scottie could I ask you a couple of question ? : judy what for ? who be you ? sccottie my name be John Ferguson , and -- , sudy be this some kind of Gallup poll , or something ? k scottie lo , there be just afew thing I want to ask you , and <= . judy do you live here in the hotel ? ' scottie no , I ha happen to see you come in , and I think --- ( continue ) a ph from among the dead 106 . 227 . ( cont would ) judy | oh , I think so ! a pick -up ! well , you have get a nerve , follow I right into the . ! hotel and up to my room ! you beat it ! go on ! beat it ! and she start to close the door on he hard . scottie hold it open against she . scottie no , please ! I just want to talk the you ! judy ( push on the door ) listen , I be go to yell ina minute ) . " scorrre - I be not go to hurt you ! I promise ! please ! : she hesitates , impressed by the urgency in he voice . _ _scottie . just let mar talk to you . judy ( hesitate ) what about ? . sccottie you. : gudy way ? . she be still hold on to the door , ready to slam it . scorrie . , because you remind ms of someone . . she laugh a short , ironic , skeptical laugh . judy , I have hear that one befor , too . i:remind you of someone you use to be madly in love with , but she ditch you for another guy , and 9-12-57 : ( continue ) 5 ph from among the dead , 107 . a 227 . ( cont would ) ' judy ( cont would ) a ? : you have be carry the torch ; ever since , and then you see I 2 and something click . ( scornfully ) | huh ! . | scortis CO ( with a rueful smile ) | oy you be not far wrong . '' . a . . t judy : well , it 's not go to work . so you would better go . g4 . scottie let I come in . her mouth drop open with shock at he effrontery . sccottie oy 's you can leave the door open . please . I want to talk to you . a moment , then she back into the room 4 & little , and he follow . 's - judy I warn you , I can yell awfully ~ es loud . scottie you will not have to . : judy — ~ ( deubtfully ) well .... you do not look very much like jack. the ripper ... e 5 but still she move wtil she be next to the phone , 2 she hand almost touch it . she eye he carefully . ae uw judy what do you want to kmow ? a ? * scottte '' you name . and --- . judy Judy Barton .. ae scottie we --- who you be --- 3 9-12-57 ( continue ) + ph 227 . ( cont 'a ) ws k3 from among the dead 108 . + judy just a girl , I work at magnin' , --- scottie --- and how you happen to the live here . judt it 's a place to live , that 's all . " scoptie , '' but you have not live here long . about three year . ~ scortir no , a year ago ! where do you live a year ago ?!3?. . judy . ( puzzle ) Z tell you ! right here ! 8 ( strongly ) but before ! where do you live . before lot ?! : judy selina »y Kansas ! 5 and that stop he dead , and he staresat she , deny . judy listen , what be this ? what do you want ? scottie t want to kmow who you be . ios yypy I tbld you ! my name 's Judy Barton ! i come from salina , Kansas ! I work at magnin 's !. I live here !- m ; sh , do I have - the prove it ? : 7 gosh she move swiftly to the dresser ' and rummages in she bag . 2 ' 9-12-57 vw judy you have get to prove you be alive this day ! all right , mister . ( continue ) of with 2 a q . from among the dead 109 . ( cont would ) jody ( cont would ) my Kansas driver 's license . Judy barton. number 229679 ) . four= twenty - five maple Avenue , salina , ase she pull ont another card : a California license . she hand it to he . . jude there ] see the address on this one ? this place here} California license issue May 25 , 19541 want to check my thumb print ? satisfied . ~~ ( pull the card away ) 7 . an@ whether you be satisfied or not , _.. , you can just beat it ! a ' lorig '' mément as he stand before she , sagging a little , ' defeat , she become remorseful . and sympathetic . ( cantly ) : gee , you have get . it bad , have not 7 _ you ? do I really look like she ? he stefe at she with a intensity that make she crinkle she eye in embarrassment . ' + judy _ , shet dead , be not she . a almost imperceptible nod . judy . it ™m sorry . and itm sorry I yell at you . he turn away slowly toward the docr , his eye fall on some frame photograph on the dresser and he pause , ' than move closer to see they clearly . one be of a girl about sixteen stand with a woman in she late thirty ; _they have they arm about each other ; they both have - dark hair , scottie stare at it , then glance at Judy . _ . yes , that 's ms , with my mother . scottie 's eye move to another photograph , of a man in he early forty stand before a store , above the store a sign say : a.m. barton , hardware , " ( continue ) to es with 227 . from among the od ) ‘( cont ! d ) jody '' , that 's my father . het dead . my mother get marry again ..ce I do not like the guy . * ( smile , wistfully ) sos ... I decide to see what it be like in sunny California . ( pause ) . I have be here three year . ( she grin ) . honest ! scottie : will you have dinner with net wudt ( mmeatatery e27 , smile ading why ? . scottie . well , I feel I owe you something for all this .... - + 7 ) gopx . no , you do not owe I anything . '' " * $ cottre then will you for I ? ( warsaz ) immer .... and what else ? - scottie just 's dinner . - . judy because I remind you of she ? scottre . because I would like to have dinner with fou . - _ and regards he thoughtfully . 9-12-57 s0 dy * ( slowly ) well ..... I have béen on blind date pefore ....... matter of fact , to be honest , I have be pick up before . iio . he smile back at she , like she directness . she smile , pleased with ths gallantry of he answer , ( continue ) ws from among the dead i. ( cont would ) judy ( cont would ) ( grin ) scottie I will get my car and be back in ' half a hour . . judy oh , no ! give I time to change and get fix up ! oo scoptie a hour ? . todyy rm . . scottie _ okay . he flash she a smile and go , close the door . she stare after he for a long moment , then move slowly and sit down on the edge of the bed . she stare straight ahead , think , she face a impas - sive mask . the camera move in until she head fill the screen , and she eye be deep with dark memory . we dissolve through to what she see : the moment in the tower of the mission . madeleine be running up the stair - of the tower : scottie struggling desperately . after ber . she reach the top , open the door , dart into the bell tower , slam the door behind her and lock . it . she turn . gavin elster stand near the OPEN . arch , holding he wife fast ; she be dressed in a grey suit exactly like the one madeleine wear . her body be limp . she be obviously dead already . elster look .at . madeleine , then push he wife out through the arch . madeleine make a futile gesture to stop he , and scream . elster come to her quickly , put eis hand across her mouth , and draw her back into — er shadow beetnd a masonry abutment . they be lost dissolve through to Judy , seat on the edge of she ped , stare with the memory of the horror of the moment . she sit very still . then slowly she rise and move to the window . she look out , watch scottie go down the street . she turn away and go to the closet and open the door . she push some clothes along the rack . we see the grey suit . she reach into the closet and bring out a suitcase , ( continue ) i 227a . lele be vureny pee snt = from among the dead 1223-57 12a . . add - int . bell tower - medium close shot ~ ( day ) gavin elster look down through open , watch bis wife fall to the Mission roof . madeleine run into scene and scream . elster quickly put he hand over she mouth , the camera pan with they ag be crew she into hide behind a masonry a ent . with 227 . ( cont would ) from among tee dead let it lie there , just outside the closet , and stare down . at it .. then she turn back , go to the write desk , sit down , and take a sheet of paper . she pick up a ball point pen , click out the point , stare ahead for a moment , then begin to write . she write , we hear she voice . . judy' voice dearest scottie .... and so you have find I . this be the moment I dread and hope for , - wonder what I would say and do if ever I - ssaw you again . I want so to see you again . just once . now I will go and you can give up you search . I want you to have peace of mind . you have nothing to blame yourself for . you be the victim . I be the tool , you be the victim of a man 's plan to murder he wife . he choose I to play the part be - cause I look like she ; he dress I up like she . he be quite safe because she live in the country and rarely come to town . he choose you to be the witness . the carlotta story be part real , part invent to make you testify that madeleine want to kill herself . he kmaw of you illness ; he kmaw you would never get up the stair of the tower .. he plan it so well ; he make no mistake . I make the mistake . I fall in love . that be not part of the plan . I be still in love with you , and I want ' you so to love I . if I have . the nerve , I would stay and .lie , hope that I could make you love I again , as I be , for myself ... and so forget the other and forget the past . but I have not the nerve to try ... she pause and look up and think , and wonder , and try to see into the future , and as she do , the fear in she eye dissolve into amcious hope , and then resolve . she put the pen down , rise as slowly , take up the letter and tear it into small piece and drop the piece into the wastebasket . she turn to the closet , push the suitcase back in with the toe of she foot , push the grey suit far back into darlmess , and close the closet door . she walk to the dresser , and stare at herself in the mirror . 9-12-57 she open a candy box in which we ( contime ) as , aw from among the dead 113 . 227 . ( cont would ) 228. 229 . see trinket and piece of junk jewelry , and take out two plain hoop earring . she put they on and look to see how much change they make . she take up a eyebrow pencil and slightly exaggerate the arch of she brow . she stare at herself impassive - ly for a long time . dissolve to : , int . ernie' restaurant , upstair room - ( night ) the room be fill with diner ; waiter come and go . there be a sound of chatter anda slight clatter of dish at a side table . we be look from the bar , and at a table against the far wall we see Judy and scottie , dining . they be talk amiably ; scottie be be genial and companionable , but there ts no particular sense of intimacy . Judy look about quite a bit , obviously admire the room , and the food and the clothes of the people about she . she be dress neatly , but more simply and more cheaply than be the other woman in the room , and she be conscious of it , and keep fiddling with the shoulder of she dress . oo i during this , a party of diner enter , be greet ‘by the captain , and be lead across the room toward a empty table near Judy and scottie . we go with they wind among the table . as we get very close to scottie , he look up and become rigid , and stare . a waman have just go by he to take a@ seat xat the neighbor table . her hair be blonde , and be do exactly as be madeleine 's ; from the rear she could easily be madeleine . but then she turn and sit down , glance at scottie as she do , and we see that it be not madeleine . a moment , then scottie look away . Judy be stare at he anxiously . it be she first defeat , and she first victory : defeat , in 'that although he be with she he be 'still search ; victory , in that she be sure , now , that he dose not think she be madeleine . dissolve to : ext . judy' HOTEL - ( night ) scottie 's car drive up and come to a stop . he get out , come around and open the other door and help Judy out . they stand there for a moment , then start for the front door . dissolwe to : aw oy 230 . o35 a? 2 ? c oo > 4 > 3 _— _ 9212657 from among the dead 114 . int . judy' HOTEL , upstair corridor - ( night ) Judy open she door , flick the light switch , and turn to scottie in the doorway . judy " . thank you again . goodnight . scottrie can I see you tomorrow ? jude tomorrow night ? well ~-- : scottie tomorrow morning , . . . ou dy : tomorrow mne -- but I have to go to work , I have get a job . soottie do not gor a ( smiling ) and whet will I live on ? '' my oll well in Texas ? scorrtie it will take care of you . 's : ( flatiy ) oh. well , ' thanks very musk . sut no , thanks , . ' scottie no , dudy , you do not understand . ok , I understand , all right . I have be understanding since iwas — seventeen . and the next step be , @s long as you be go to see I tomorrow morning , way do n'+ you stay the night . '' scottie no , - judy no ? then what ? ( continue ) : aw 9-12-57 et from among the dead we . 230 . ( cont would ) 2 - , | scorr tig I just want to see you as much as I cani ) judy as friend ? we would just see a lot } of each other as friend , and you would " take care of I " ? . scottie yes . judy why ? ( no answer ) because I remind you of someone ? ( no answer ) that 's not very complimentary . ( pause ) and nothing would ... happen ...- scottie Ho . judy that 's not very complimentary , either . she turn away and wander into the room toward the window . she sit down in ths chair to think it over , qook straight ahead , in profile to scottie and to the window . scottie stare at she , then suddenly reach out and snap off the light . : judy ( frig hten ) listen , what would you do that for ?!7 ! she start to rise . scottie ( quickly ) not Judy , I be not go to movel please} stay in the chair ! . sudy why ?t scottie please ! and do not look at I . ( continue ) hn from among the dead 116 . | ~ 230 . ( cont would ) / oo of she subside in the chair , and obey , look . d straight ahead again , hold very still , | . . apprehensive . the only light in the room be from the street lamp outside , and it silhouettes . dudy in profile , robbing she of hair -color , robbing she of makeup , and scottie stare across at she , wmsure , wishing he sould persuad himself . ! : scottie . . : | : ( softly ) will you , Judy ? ' judy o > : ( slowly , anxiously ) . I suppose I could phone the store in the morning , and say I be sick . another pause . b> , ' scorere ( gently ) good night , Judy . . . he go out , close the door . Judy sit still , ( stare straight ahead . she raise a hand slowly * and rub the side of she face . dissolve . to : 232 . exd . golden gate park = ( day ) it. be a bright , sumny day . on a lovely green slope , young couple be stretch out make love . we see a pretty young girl sit , and she young man lie on the grass at right angle with he head on she lap . she be play with - he hair . she bend down and kiss he , the a 5 camera move on , search for scottie and Judy , = and come upon another couple in a close embrace . . the camera move on and discover scottie and jady strolling along the path at the foot of the slope . dudy be look at the loving couple with wistful envy . scottie be admire the scenery . in the other direction . he hold a bag of popcorn . fi Judy look up at he with gentle long . he glance down at she and smile companionably , and offer she the popcorn . she take some and smile . back as well as she can . dissolve to : ( no 9-12-57 6 a 232 . be 2nd Change from among the dead 10-30-57 117 . int . dance floor , fairmont HOTEL - ( night ) the lighting in the room be low , the orchestra be play " be not it romantic " , there be many couple on the floor , dance romantically . itts all romantic as hell . we find scottie and Judy dance , nicely , but rather sedately . Judy look up at he once in a while , wishing she could get a bit closer , although he be not by any mean keep she at a distance , dissolve to : ex2 . post STREET , outside gump = ( day ) there be a flower stand = know to all San franciscan - at the curb opposite the main entrance to gump , and scottie and Judy have stop there to pick a flower for she to wear . it be a bright , fresh morning . ' there be a display of corsage , make up , ready to wear . the vendor stand beside they as they . piek and choose . ' they seem quite happy . . judy - I like that .one . - scottie . Ho , there . ' there 's a good one . doéo - you like that ? , judy lesqen -= Le ~ . the one scottie have . point out be remarkably like the nosegay in the portrait , though smaller and not a exact copy . we will take that one . so weypor - mo , very mouse . and fresh , I just _made 1 % up . : he pin the nosegay on Judy . = '' the vendor thattll be a dollar four . scottie pay he . ' it 's beautiful . not ( continue ) 5 - . they 2nd Change from among the dead 10-30-57 117a . a 233 . ( gontta ) 3 of okay . '' now wetre . go to buy . you some clothes . . honest ? _ . . '' yo he have start she across the middle of the’ '' street : in the midst of traffic , and they have to rune ( continue ) oo . . b93 t . ow , a? ga ? . 2 oi . co ot ew from among thr dead 128 , 233 . ( contd ) '' ae . 23h . ‘9212-57 scottie there 's ransohofft . nothing but the best . come on . '' * ( happy 's and breathless ) bat scottie , you do not have tol * scottie '* _ T want to} come on ! — they go dodging across the street . dissolve to : int , ransohoff' - ( day ) : a' spaciotis room én the setond floor . Judy and scottie be béing wait on by a middle - age sale - womati , '' a' girl Assistant stand nearby , draped about ' ow neighbor chair be several suit . scottie look " tense , his jaw be set . Judy look at he win - deringly . " a model enter wear a grey tweed suit , and parade before they . : scottie no , that 's not it . nothing like it . but you say grey , sir . '' sccottie not tweed -- it 's a smoother - material , with a larger collar and belt . . _ ( indicate with hand ) he put he hand to he waist . judy but I like that one , scottie . * '' scoottre : no , it 's not right . salesw ( cheerfully ) the gentleman seem to know what he want . ( of the model ) all right . well , we will find it . ( continue ) 23h . ( cont would ) 9-12-57 from among the dead 119 . she go and whisper to the Assistant , during the { follow , and the Assistant follow the model out . ! judy . ( slightly apprehensive ) i scottie , what be you do ? ~ " * * scottre I be try to buy you a sult . judy - bat 's I love the gécond one she wear , and this one - -- ( ste ' touch a suit '' '' scottie 's : they be mo of they right . judy pat , why ? the saleswoman have a sudden think . ' ~ '' saleswoman '' '' ~ " . day 's I think I kiow the suit you fiéean ! l " " we have it --- oh , it mist be sometime ago ! '' let mé go 'see . we . _may still have the model . bid dhé '' hurrié away inté - the back room . Judy look at scottie with wonder , understanding eye . too ggpy - y6u be look for the suit she wear ! for I ?s? sesttie look at she anxiously , not want a argument . '' 77 sud '' ( hépell ) — — you want I to dress like she ? ** " scotite '' gaudy , I just want you to look nice . '' and I imow what kind of suit would look well on you . ( contin ) oe a4 23h . ( cont would ) 9-12-57 from among the dead 120 . judy | ah , nott ! TI do not want to be | dress like someone dead } — scottie tudyo - — — | '' judy | it 's a horrible idea ! be that | what I be here for ? to make you | } ' feel that you be with someone that 's dead ? she ad ' pisexi " from she chair , appal , and close to tear . the saleswoman enter briskly . saleswoman she will be out in a moment . " _ '' * scottie rou ! " silay , it be not anything to get ~--- see judy no , I will not do itt ! she walk away . scottie follow she . : scottie dudy it ths sdleswoman watch the altercation with interest . ths two " be out of earshot , now , but what they be say seém pretty-evident . scottie be be trgently persuasive , Judy be stare at the floor , shake she head , fight the tear ; the follow be distent and blurred . '' ove '' '' scottie Judy , lt can not make that much difference to you . I just want to see how you would lock . and I kmow it will not be the same , but --- '' judy no , I do not want any clothes ! I do not want anything ! I want to get out of here } scottie ( strongly ) . Judy , you have get the do this for I ! please ! ( continue ) aw from among the dead 121 . ry 23h . ( cont would ) she look up at he , frighten , and at that moment he see the model enter , wear the grey suit , : scottie ' yes} that 's it ! saleswoman I think so ! . '' judy I do not like it ! | '' scottie wetll take it ! will it fit ? ©5 saleswoman . oe wis} it may need some slight lteration , but it be madam 's size . ( to the 's model ) wetll have it for you to try ina moment . . scottie ow how soon can it be alter ? vote saleswoman well ... '' scottie ~~ oo can we have it by tonight ? rs ~ oe saleswoman 7 well , if it 's absolutely n necessaty eee oo ! tren '' scottie resi '' at ' be . '' now , I 'want to look of at '' an’ evertieng | dress , a dinner J bress , ~black -- short -- long I tht ves -~ with a neck cat like 3 oe 7 ies '' tnateates square neck ) eee and thé skirt out . D ( indicate full skirt ~ with he hand ) ui ( appeal ) scottienw --— & '' 9- 12-57 ( contime ) aw + + 7 23h . ( cont 'a ) cd lo | ' } : lo . of 5 | oo. a 235 . o> ~ ow a2° wa ? 236 . & > '' ae ge12-57 '' bigh-hsel brown shoe . from among the dead 122 . he whirl on she with blaze eye and stare at she commandingly , and Judy shrink a little . saleswoman . * ( laugh , embarrassed ) I my , you certainly do imow what '' you want , sir . itll see what we have . : jed '' out '' into ! the back room . Judy and scottie } remain as they be , they eye fix on each other , but Judy be cow . ) dissolve to : _ te , ransohoff' , shoe salon - ( day ) opén ora shot of Judy 's leg , stand in new , on the floor around she be other shoe and shoe box scattered haphazardly . lt " + scotttet voice walk . ' sz tart '' to walk , and the’ scene open up as jady walk away from the camera , and we find séottie seat , watch , and a shoe salesman in attendance . Judy sway a bit on the high heel ip 's a’way that could 's be reminiscent of madeleine . she stop and turn , and stand stare at scottie , without expression . sce agen , set tis ‘it . do you have tiem to ' black , too ? . ”* salesman tes , '' we have . om scorme all right . he look at Judy and meet she gaze steadfastly . | dissolve to : int . scottie' apartment ~ ( night ) I 'o thé live room . there be a fire in the fire - place . Judy be seat on the floor before the fire , bent forward with she head and arm bury in the ( continue ) os ws ws o u aw from among tee dead : 123. 236 . ( cont would ) i seat of the easy chair , she 's be cry . scottie | éenter from the kitchen carry a bottle of cognac and two glass , he look down at Judy , then pour cognac into the two glass and set the bottle down . vt '- scottie ' hére , Judy . take it straight . : _ sown . it 's medicine . jady raise she tear-streaked face . '' ( plead ) ° why be you so this ? what _ good will it do she take the glass from he outstretch hand , '' ow " '' scottie '' " ° i°do not know . '' no good , I guess . but I do not know , shs " taky 's a '' lari sip of cognac , make a face , and put the glass away , as she do : + ~~~ tude eee | ( teartullyy I wish you would leave I alone . I want to go away . | . - - scottie you can . no , 3 you would not let I . then , almost to hérself 's ) vote _ and I do not want to go .... scottie come down to she and put he hand on she arm and hold she and look into she eye intently . oa ~~ scottie fiay , I 'want to tell you : this past few day have be the first happy day I have have ina year . . jude " ( sadly ) " tikmow . because I remind you of do , ' the one 's that 's dead . not even that , very mich , 9-12-57 : ( continue ) 6 ( rarr ual U wv aw from among the dead 12h . 236 . ( cont would ) | , scorn | * ( meaning it no ... it 's you too , Judy . some - thing in you . ) she look at he with ea new spark of hope , and she | eye be . almost willing he to kiss she , but then ' he drop he hand from she arm , and the glow fade from she eye , and she look away . '' + ( duly ) ; you do not even want to touch : ' I . - ~ scottie : * ( grimly ) . _ , yes . yes , I do . he - yise and walk away toward the window . she look after he , then rise and almost run to he , could not yoti like I , just I , the 's way iam ?! '' when we first start out it be so 's good ! we bad " fin ! '' and then you start on the clothes ! I will wear the darnéd clothes if you want I tot if you will just like meet they be 'face to face , and scottie be study she sombérly . '' Beyond they , through the window , we can see that magnificent symbol , the coit Tower , i - ( study the color of you hair .... ° judy ah , not '' oe scottte . Judy , please ! it can not matter to you ... she shrink a little , and be defeat . . cme eee yupy the trouble be , I be go , now . for you , and I can not do be about it . I want you to love I . 9-12-57 a ( contime ) ie ) 3 aw from among the dead 125 . 236 . ( cont would ) ~) judy ( cont would ) . : if I let you reasge I , will that 45 do it ? if I do what you tell I , ° will you love I ? scottie yes . a judy . austen , ' then I will do it . '' beéause I do not care about I anymore , I just want you to love I . : ~ long pause . ' ( gently ) itll take you home . 5 dissolve to : 2376 int . elizabeth arden salon - _ ( day ) for the ' first impact be of SOUND , of the buzz of hair " N dtyer and the shrill cacophony of female voice CO talk and laugh . scottie be lean at the : doorway lead into the inner salon , the camera pan away from he through another door and come t6 rest on a big head of Judy , cover with soap std , bent over a basin . 's one of the beauty Operators look out toward scottie , then walk out to he , > '' * " operator Im afraid it 's go to be sévétal hour , the young lady thotight : perhaps you would like to # 6 home , and she will come there i} os soon as she 's finish . '' ~ ~ " " * '' SCorrTis on , ' well ... no ; tell she I will @6 to she ’hotel , and wait for ber there , 5 will she start to turn away . scottie stop she . ~ vt : scormrg | oh} you be sure about the color of the hair , ( ~ 9 - 12-57 ( contimue ) 237 . 238. 239 . 2h0 . from among the dead 126 . , ( cont would ) operator . oh , yes . it 's a easy color . scottie and the rest of --- he wave a hand over he face . operator : ; yes , sir . we kmow what you y want . scottie all right . thanks , he turn away after a last glance toward Judy . the last we see of the salon be Judy 's head , as she turn to try to see through soap . sud to where scottie. have be stand . dissolve to : ' int . judy' bedroom , the HOTEL - ( day ) scottie be wander impatiently , smoking . some of the ransohoff box be pile in a corner , then , abruptly he stride to the window . he look , and become tense , ext . the STREET = ( day ) from scottie 's viewpoint , Judy be walk up the street , she -wear the gray suit from ransohoff 's the high-heele black shoe , and she hair be now blonde , but it hang about she face in the usual way . she do not look up . she turn into the entrance of the hotel , int . bedroom = ( day ) scottie watch she until he lose sight of she directly below as she go in the front door , he turn and look toward the bedroom door and wait . then , impatiently , he stride to the door and go out into the corridor , int . HOTEL corridor ~ ( day ) scottie look along the corridor . ig '' oc my a he. y 243 . 5 abe 26 . > not a ] 5 dy ae 9-12-57 from among the dead 127 . from he viewpoint | the corridor be empty . . } scottie | tensely wait . from he viewpoint : Judy turn the corner , move towards he . | as scottie watch critically ' Judy come up to he , he back .. thto the room , Judy follow . : : int . HOTEL bedroom = ( day ) as Judy come into the room , scottie close the deor without take he eye from she . she look at he gravely - and hold out she hand , as though hope for praise for the transformation . her eyebrow have be pluck , she makeup lighten , she lip - stick change and she now bear much more of a re= semblance to madeleine . judy we11 ? scottie it should be back from you face - with a bun at the neck , i.told they . I tell you . judy we try it . it do not ' suit I . . scottie abruptly go to she , take she hang hair , with with both hand pull it to the back so that she ear show , Judy look at he , half - angry , half - scared . scottie , see the look in she eye , take he hand away . the hair fall forward again , scottie I be sorry . ( continue ) ~ tw 2 k6 . on or ah. o> c xn ow 248 . 4 io 249 . '' . 9412-57 from among the dead ( cont would ) . they look at one another for a moment . then scottie ask , almost humbly : scottie Judy -- please --< Judy do not answer for a moment , then she draw a deep breath , and turn resignedly away . she cross to the mirror over a chest of drawer . scottie watch as she pick up a couple of pin from a glass tray , and scoops up a handful of hair . scottie stand watch in silence . his eye follow every move . we hear the tinkle of pin of the glass pay from scottie' viewpoint Judy slowly turn from the mirror to face he . she look exactly like madeleine - she hair pull back and do in a bun at the back of the neck . she stand there look at he . scottie look at she in wonder , he eye shine . judy take a step towards he , reward by he expression , scottie move over and take Judy in he arm , big bead of the two of they , together , around the big head . scottie hold she tighter and tighter . he look past she shoulder and we see that he eye be close , because at last he hold madeleine in he arm once more . he open he eye = the camera swim around the room , the camera move we_are now in the livery stable at san juan bautista with scottie hold madeleine tight in he arm , kissing she . we see this for oniy the briefest moment before it dissolves away to : ~ 'w from among the dead 129 . a 250 . back in the HOTEL room scottie kiss she as he do in the livery stable . ~ as he kiss she , and she turn he kiss , the - camera pull back slowly and they two figure be '' eld in the center of the room , ) dissolve to : lo + 5 251 . int , judy' bedroom = ( early evening ) 1 } : the window shade be draw , the light in the room j have be light , scottie be sit , relaxed , thumbing } through a magazine idly . the jacket of he suit be oo : hang over the back of a chair . the bathroom door be > open . there be a full length mirror on the back of the bathroom door , and we catch occasional glimpsis of Judy as she move about inside . scottie look up as she call to he . her voice be light and happy . judy of 7 , 0 where shall we go for dinner ? '' . : scotti wherever you would like . : ( : Ernie 's ? oo os sraie 's ? scottie you have get a thing about Ernie 's , have not you ? 3 suby q _ well , after all , it 's " we place . " she come out of the bathroom , happy and . content , she wear . the black cocktail dress , she blonde hair be do up in the madeleine way . she stop to pose a . and show off the dress , and smile across at he q . lovingly . jody hello , my love , like I ? . > be : regards she admiringly with a small , content £ ) grin . scottie Mom , oan soupy a € be that the best you can do ? oa 9 a 2257 ( continue ) a ? '' from among the dead 130 . a 251 . ( cont would ) she turn to . the mirror over the dresser . . scottie come here . judy , oh , no . you will muss ms . 3 . scottie that 's what I have in mind , | . gudy too late , itve get my face on , she have open the candy box , rummages around in the jewelry , come up with some earring , hold one up to she ear to see what it look like , decide against it , find some other earring , small and neat , and put they on , during this : judy I be suddenly hungry . would you rather go somewhere else ? scorrie no , Ernie 's be fine . of - '' yoox itm go to have one of that big , beautiful steak , and ... wet 's see .... to start ..... ( 3 during this she have take a necklace out of the box , . and be try to fasten it around she neck , but the clasp will not work . ° jody oh} help I with this , will you ? 1b ' she back u ; a step , still hold the necklace in place , and scottie rise from he chair and come up = back of she , he take the end of the necklace rom she , . ww . scottie itve get it . by ° - he.bends dow and bite the back of she neck . judy . ow ! you be suppose to fasten it ! wes 9 - 12 - 57 : , ( continue ) on > aw 251 . ( go would ) | from among the dead 131 . scottie all in good time . he bite she again , scottie ! scottie how do it work ? can not you see ?. '' ' scottie — .0b , yeah . there. _ - as " reis fasten it he glancé into the mirror and see the necklace clearly for the first time . his : sy " be immediately startle with the shock of : recogmition , and he stare , wonder why . the camera zoom in to x'a '' closeup of the necklace in the mirror ; then , with a click , ' the closeup change to a closeup of the nécklace paint on canvas . the camera draw back ' to '' °show the necklace around the neck of . carlotta in the portrait , the same . necklace , now the camera draw back to show the Art Gallery , with the portrait of carlotta on the far wall . the 'scene click - change toe big head of scottie , stare , and during this we hear Judy chatter away . ' judy' voice thank you , darling . now I be just about ready ; I just have to find my lipstick , where do I put it ? I have it a minute ago . 2 . ( her voice fade ) . do I leave it in here ? oh , yes , here it 'ist — . se ~ " '' ( her voice fade in ) all right , I be ready . his " eye 's mov é ii thé direction of the voice , and now we see she , stand a few foot from he , smile at he , she walk to he with '' loving smile . but first .... muss I a little . : she puta she arm around he and press against he , and lay she head against he chest with a happy sigh . ( continue ) . aw from among the dead '' 132 . 251 . ( cont would ) . ) : judy ah , scottie .... I do have you , noW..e. he raise he arm as though to embrace she , move he j harid to she shoulder , and one sense for a moment that he be go to press she too hard , or that he ' way move he hand to she throat . but then he lay | wiis hand gently on she back , and close he eye ! oo. wearily , and rest he head on the top of hers , scottte : ) } : . : '' ( softly ) j ! how would you like to go some - i where out of town for dinner ? ! o35 .. ... dpive down the peninsula , somewhere ? she move she head , and he raise he and open he eye , and she smile up at he , . . * judy d> __ ._ all right , if you would like , she " reach up and kiss he briefly on the mouth . he smile a small , enigmatic smile . C . dissolve T : 252 . ex ?. highway lol ~- ( night ) - long shot scottie 's car head south , in brilliant moonlight . oe ? 253 . int , scottte's car - ( moonlight ) séottie at the wisel , Judy alongside . she glance at he , wonder , ° e > we be go awfully far . oo l7 scottte - . lk 6 ° yo , it 's all right , / dissolve to : , . 9212-57 cf oo 3 vp ist 25h . 2oha . 255 . 2554 . 2558. 255c . 256 . & 257 . 258. Change '' from among the dead 10-29-57 133 . ext , highway 101 - ( night ) scottie 's car enter the avenue of tall tree we see once before along this road . they look sinister in the moonlight . int . scottie' car - ( moonlight ) shoot forward , we be as though in the front seat of scottie 's car , travel fast , look up and ahead to the distant end of the tunnel , and the tall tree flash by . int . scottie' car - ( moonlight ) scottie be stare straight ahead , concentrate on he drive . Judy be stare up at the tall tree , wonder , she brow furrow . her memory be stir , but she can not . think why . int . scottie be ' car - ( moonlight ) shoot forward and up through the windshield . the top of the tall tree flash past . Judy 's face , highlight from the dash light below , faintly reflect . int . scottie' car - ( moonlight ) - close shot Judy turn she gaze from the flash tree top and look off at scottie . int . scottie' car - ( moonlight ) - close shot scottie , still concentrate on he drive , and 's look straight ahead . omitted . int . scottie' car - ( moonlight ) Judy look at scottie , puzzle and slightly appre - hensive . . judy where be you go ?. ( continue ) vp ist Change from among the dead 10-27-57 1334 . oo. , - 258 . ( cont would ) a ] scottie 3 ( wryly ) to complete my cure . he glance at she and smile nicely . io scottiis > one final thing I have to do , and then I will be rid of the past , - forever , : he look ahead thoughtfully . b 2 5 dissolve to : ° | I o32 for ab ? 12 > - 2 oo ooo '' of cad ce 2 > vy ph 259 . 260 . 261. 9 -12 - 57 from among the dead 13h . ext . mission san juan bautista - ( night ) - long high shot quiet , empty , sinister , bath in moonlight . Far below we see scottie 's car crawl into the square and pass along the road around the green and come to a stop near the entrance tothe church . distant church clock chime the half -hour . '' int , scottie' car - ( moonlight ) - close shot Judy 's face , rigid , frighten , she eye fill with - apprehension . then , with a effort , she compose herself and glance at scottie with calm question . but he be turn away from she , open he door to get out . ext , san juan bautista ~ ( night ) scottie come around the car and open Judy 's door . : judy : '' scottie , why be we here ? marry scottie I tell . you . I have to go back into the past . once more . for the : last time . . judy but why ? why here ? ' scortie . '' _ . , madeleine die here . pause . he hold out he hand . she shrink , frighten . : judy : no , I do not want to go . I want to stay here . . scottie I need you . . : goby why ? scottie I can not do it alone . I need you , = to be madeleine for a while . qhen , when it 's do , we will both be ree . : ( continue ph 1 261 . ( cont would ) 262. ge12-57 from among tee dead 1356 — he draw she out of the car . judy I be scared . scottie so be I , but it have to be do . I have to tell you about madeleine , i now . : | | he close the car door and lead she . slightly away , and they stop and look across the green toward the livery stable . scottie theresesee he point to the livery stable , bath in moonlight . scortiie . +: + ees we stand there and I kiss she , for the last time . and she say , " if you lose I , you will imow that I love you -< -= - ( pleadine ) , scottie - -- ' scoorrie ( go right on ) errand want to go on loving soe you . " and I say , '' I will not : . lose . " - - gause ) but I do . he turn slowly , and Judy with he , and he dock , up . her eye follow he . from there angle the high church tower in the moonlight . scottie' voice she turn and run .... into the church ..... vv x J ke 26h . 265 . 266 . 267 . 136 . from among the dead scottie and judy , ' he put he arm around she protectively but firmly , and begin to impel she gently to the church . ext . church , san juan bautista ~ ( moonlight ) shoot from the door . scottie impel Judy to the door , scottie eoo and when I follow she , it be too late ..... the camera pull around as he free hand go to try the door . . ° judy ( frightened ) st I do not want to go in there ! scottie push the door open . , scottie cove foo lateccece he push she into the church with gentle firmess , . int . church , san juan bautista - ( night ) the darkness be relieved by shaft of moonlight . scottie impel Judy toward the foot of the tower . scottie I could not find she . then I hear she footstep on the stair . she be run up the tower . int . church tower ~ ( night ) it 4s light by shaft of moonlight through the slit window . scottie come into the area hold Judy . he look up . from scottie' angle : the open stairway spiralling upward . - s$ cottie' voice she run up that stair ... and through the door at the top of ' the tower , and lock it behind she . then she jump . 268. + 2 5 2 from among the dead 137 . back to scottie and judy he be still stare up . Judy be rigid with fright and the memory of that moment . scottie and I could not follow she . ( he close he eye in the agony of remember ) God imow I try . ( he glance down ) ' one do not often get a second chance , I want to stop be haunt . you be my second chance , Judy . - : : jody _ ( a frighten whisper ) take I away ... . scottie you look like madeleine , now , go up the stair , judy no} scottie go up the stair , Judy . ( she to the step ) I will follow . she start up slowly , unwillingly . scottie follow behind she , fight to keep the impending vertigo under control , try to keep he eye fix on she back to avoid look up into space , they move up in silence , and in shadow , they face occasionally light by shaft of moonlight that stream through the open arch of the tower , Judy 's eye be wide and stare ; she face and body be stiff with the struggle to keep from break under the strain of remember the last . time she go up this stair . and scottie fight he way up behind she . Judy slow down and come to a halt at the landing that scottie barely reach the last time , at the moment of death , she lean she back against the wall for support . scottie struggle up and come to a halt near she , pause , as he gather himself ' for the last assault . co & 9a12657 '' y J { continue ) 2 my from among the dead " 138 . 268 , ( cont would ) cn . ee scottie CC ( quietly ) > this be as faras I could get . but you ... go on . remember ? , she stiffen , and stare at he . lo ' scottre > the necklace , madeleine , that be the slip . I remember the necklace . a moment , then suddenly she duck and try to run st he down the stair , he grab she wrist and nld on . 's : scottie we be go up the tower , madeleine . , sudy ' hot let I gol o93 scottie we be go up the tower . judy . you can not , you be afraid ) ot * scorer ' itm go to . it 's my second ces - : he start to drag she up the. stair and she fight it , > close to hysteria , judy scottie , please ...! scotrtie > but you know , that day , that > . I would not be able to follow you , do not ' you . who be at the top when you get there ? elster ! _ with he - wite ? : . judy 2 . yess . scottie and she be the one who die . not you . the real wife . you be the copy , you be the counterfeit , be she dead or alive when you get there ? 9-12-57 . ' ' ( continue ) 'w . from among the dead 139 . xd 268 , ( cont would ) c > : Dead . hota break she neck , scottie take no chance , do he ? and when you get there , he push she off : the tower , be that it ? but you oo > be the one who scream , do you scream ? . : judy . I want to stop it , I run up to stop it '' < < ( eine ) overlap why ? since you would trick I so well up to then ?!!] you play he wife so well , - Judy ! he make D >. you over , do not he ? just as ° vo . I have do . but better ! not : : jast the hair and the clothes } < - the look ! the manner ! the word ! that beautiful phony trances ! . : : : . that jump into the Bay ! iti. ~ . : bet you be really a strong . tt : . oo : vr , be not you ! be not youl ) ' the blind , frantic nodd of she head as she struggle against he be he affirmation . 5 0 : scottie 4 4.7 : . do he train you ? rehearse you ? . teach you what to say and what to do ? _ judy . yes} . 2 soe '' + '' scorer u and you be such a apt pupil ! what fun you two mst have have , ' ying game with I } why I ? '' aid he pick on I ? 1}3 : > . jody '' 2 you accident ... scottie ah , yes ! iwasa set-up . I be the make - to-order witness . where ( be he now ? 9~12-57 ( continue ) a _ aw from among the dead iho . 268 . ( cont would ) oo I do not kmow , ... Switzerland ?.... , 2 scottie | wetll find . he , they have reach the door to the tower and he stop , q with a grim , almost triumphant smile . ! ? . iv + scorrre . I make it . '' * " " jopy . '' " " cappréhensive ) ho > what be you go to do ? " 7 '' '' scottre : ' look at the scene of the crime , smee om ee . | . | o > . he push the door open . she shrink back . | , tome scotrre | . . & ont - - ~ - : ; ee push she through @ and follow she in . '' , od wes . | 269 . int , bell tower - ( night ) . the ' black shadow be cut 's by shaft of mocnlight . heavy beam support ' the great bell hangin= at the ~ cénter , . thére be additional temporary scpport beam . ! 7 jady " back up against the stonework as sccttie look about . * scottie . you both hide behind there , mm ?... . tI everything be clear ... then 's 4 sneak down and drive back to the b city . : ( gtances : at she ) and ' then ? 's you be he girl . . what 3 happen to you ? 3 .. she stare at he , wide - eye with apprehension . oo - ~ '' scottie . pia t he ditch you ? an’ almost imperceptible nod from she . scottie almost jet . , , bangh . * 9~12 '' 37 ( continue ) aw from among the dead , 1p. 269 . ( cont would ) cotite on , Judy ! 3 '' then he have all she money , and the freedom and the i power , , .he ditch you ? what a i shamé } ' but he know he be safe . : you could not talk , do not he i - give you enything ? , ~ ( peiatly ) some. money ..e '' " " " sgotttr - . kid ' the nécitlace . '' carlotta 's neck - > late . '' that be you mistake , Judy . one ' shéuld not keep souvenir of a killing . '' you should not have be | _ baat sentimental . hr tioment , as he stare at she , then he advance on she slowly . ' : -- judy | 7 '' not aappreiensive ) | | : what be you go to do ? oo ~ scottie ' : '' - {sortry ) . - I love you , madeleine . '' " " " jody / : '' " ( désperately ) ' ~ or > twas ! safe 'when you find ms , there # as nothing you could prove ! but when I see you again I could not pun away , I love you 'so ! I walk j into danger and let you change I | &@ain because I love you and 2 want you ! '' oo '' mo ( shé throw 's herself int . " : . scottie , pléase ! you love I now ! _ove I } keep I safe ! a shé be in he arm , press tightly against he +) in desperation , and he hold she tight , and they = kiss , déeply , passionately . the kiss end but they remain together , hold together , and scottie 's eye be tight with pain and the emotion of hat she and hat himself for loving she . '' cg . 9-12-57 . ( continue ) > i t i '' L 4 J aw 269 . 270 . 271 . 272. 273. 27h . from among the dead uz . ( cont would ) judy ( softly , plead ) Love I ... keep I safe ... scottie ( whispe ) too late ... too late ... there 's no _ bring she back ... | saddénly Judy 's eye , look past hin , go wide with | horror , from judy' point of view ths figure of a woman drape in ’black stand motion - less in the shadow by the door . judy , in scottte's arm , transftxed from judy' point of view ths Black figure move torvard , seem to merge with the shadow and become part of they . jody pull out of scottie 's arm and back away , terrify . '' '' tuntaper ) _nossaocr . ' shi be 's " padiie 's pertiousty @ glose to the edge of the drop bélow . '' scottie stare at she for a moment , then swing aroend to see what she be look abe from scottie' point op view the 's black 's figure advance into a shaft of moonlight . it be a nun . the nun . ( sdmply ) I neard tolse .. , _ . there be a. terrible scream . 9- 12-57 , ‘( continue ) + 2 aw from among the dead 143 . 2th . ( cont would ) 275.6 scottie swing around again , step quickly to the édge and look down . he back away , he face tight wien horror , and hold the stonework for support . the nuh come into the shot . she steel herself to look below . she cross herself . the nun __ , God have mercy ... she reach out for the bell cord . : | 2 , the bell tower - ( night ) ths ghurch bell be tolling it swing 's in and out of ' the picture . through the archway we can see the mis - sfon garden below . figure be hurry across to - - ward the church . . | dissolve to : int , midge's apartment - ( niget ) ' miage " be '' hnddt in 'a chair , listen to the radio . Beyond she , San Francisco at night . a -- " " mee radio o= wis idst-heard of live switzerlend , but be now think to be reside somewhere in the south of fratice . Captain hansen state that he anticipate no trouble in have elster extradite once he be find , other news ‘on the local front : in Berkeley , three University of California sophomore find them= sélve in a rather embarrassing position tonight when they be aigcover by Police Officer William . -. fogarty lead a cow up the step of -~ by tow midge have hear '' the noise outside , have un - soile from the chair and shut off the radio . she listéiis again for a moment , then move quiczly to the table on which be bottle , glass and ice . she sstart to mix a strong highbali and dee not turn as she hear the front door open , sccttie enter and close the door behind he , his face _ 18 a mask . he move slowly across the room ( continue ) i. 'w from among the dead uh. ss 276 , ( cont would ) and stand by the window , with the view of San Fran - coo cisco beyond he , and look straight ahead , think , y midge pick up the highball , glance over at he , pick up the bottle and pour in another slug . then she move across the room and hold out the drink . scottie take it . midge move away , pick up she own drink , sit down and look across the room . scottie stand quietly , immobile , then raise the to x ~ glass and take a long pull at the drink , he stare . out at the city . fade out . oo > the end