" very bad thing " by Peter berg September 2 , 1997 fade in : title sequence the dead of night pitch black . Dead quiet . dim faint light appear in the distance , approach , grow larger . as the light near , we recognize car headlight . closer and closer until the car be bear down upon we with great force ... int . car two man in the front seat , fisher and moore . Fisher drive . all seem quite normal until we take a closer look , sweat matt hair , dirt stain on white tuxedo shirt hand be blister and bloody . they seem almost entrance . moore that ought to be about the end of that . fisher yup . silence . push in on Fisher ... announcer ( v.o . ) " the oakland raider have take a 7 - 6 lead in a , tough , football game and this crowd be stand ... " fisher be vision - grainy - out of the past three river stadium - december 23rd , 1972 playoff game between the oakland raider and the Pittsburgh steeler . scoreboard read : 22 second , 4th down , 10 yard to go , 4th quarter . announcer ( v.o. ) " hang on to you hat , here come the steeler out of the huddle ... " int . car - fisher transfix ... announcer ( v.o . ) " it come down to one big play , 4th down , ten yard to go . Terry bradshaw at the control ... " bradshaw throw . announcer ( v.o. ) " and bradshaw , back and look ... again , bradshaw run out of the pocket ... look for someone to throw to ... " bradshaw throw . announcer ( v.o. ) ... bradshaw fire it down the field and there 's a collision !... " the ball bounce off the helmet of a raider player and be catch low by the steeler ' franco harris . announcer ( v.o. ) " ... and it 's catch out of the air ! the ball be pull in by franco Harris ! " fisher - drive announcer ( v.o. ) franco Harris run for the end zone , all but home ... " oncome headlight illuminate Fisher 's face ... end title . fade to black : fade in on : int . los angele CITY hall - MARRIAGE license dept . - day slowly tracking down a long line of couple . some with kid , some old , some young , all wait to pay they $ 55 and pick up they marriage license . we hold on a young couple , late 20' , keith fisher and he fiancee , liz garrety . Fisher have a blondish quality to he , unassume , pleasant , attentive , a bit more reactive than he could be . Liz be quite attractive , but somewhat tense , and not at all happy about have to stand in this very slow move line . liz this be ridiculous . fisher government cutback . liz why can not we do it through the mail ? fisher ( patient ) we miss the deadline . liz can not we do it on the phone ? fisher I do not think so . in front of they a middle - age mexican couple make - out intensely while they chubby little three year old stare at Liz . liz why be this kid stare at I ? fisher I be not sure . Liz pull a note-pad out of she daypack . liz ( read from she note ) do you send in all of the deposit check ? fisher I think so . liz ( pause ) what do you mean , you think so ? fisher I send a lot of check , I be not sure what all of they be . liz the wedding cake check ? fisher send it . liz photographer ? fisher send it . liz florist ? fisher yup . liz caterer ? fisher yes . liz Hotel for my parent , the tent , the band , the judge ... fisher ( beat ) I think I forget the tent . liz ( somewhat alarmed ) you forget the tent ? fisher I think so . liz why ? fisher why what ? liz why do you forget the tent check ? fisher I do not mean to Liz . I be sorry . liz you can not play around with this tent people . fisher I be not play around . I forget . liz what else have you forget ? fisher how could I know what else I forget ? liz I be work my ass off here . I have take care of absolutely everything keith . fisher because you want to . you want this to be you wedding not you parent 's . liz do not you dare . fisher what ? liz do not you put this on I . do not do it , do not do it , do not do it , do not ... a young teenage couple behind they stare at Liz , a bit confuse . fisher ( try to calm she ) stop it . I be sorry . liz ( try to control herself ) you know how important this be to my mother . you know that . fisher I be sorry . I be sorry I forget the tent . I do not think I forget anything else . liz ( not bitchy ) I bet you do not forget the bachelor party check . fisher be we go to do this again ? liz I be just say I bet that check all find the mailbox . fisher I would not know . liz it amaze I how organize you and you little fun bunch can be when it come time to mobilize to Vegas . fisher ( patient ) they organize this , not I . I have nothing to do with it . liz well it 's bad timing . fisher how do you figure ? liz right before the wedding ? fisher it 's a bachelor party . you sort of have to do it before the wedding . liz I suppose boyd be the creative force behind all this . fisher he be . liz he 's a moron . fisher he 's my friend . he 's not a moron . liz David boyd be a big sack of hot gas . ext . santa monica tight on a " Fred Sands " realty sign be pound into the ground . picture on the sign , as " offer by , " be realtor david boyd , 30 - ish , short hair , smile with bizarre sincerity . wider to reveal , David boyd in the flesh , suit jacket off , pound away , sink the sign into the front yard of a cute little house . his cell phone ring . boyd , get the phone from he jacket . boyd ( into phone ) David boyd . Tina . great . okay . here 's the deal , we be talk five guy . hard rock . Nice guy Tina . my friend . yeah . I be call you directly so you do not have to go through the agency ... ( suddenly , over he shoulder ) hey ! do not enter the house ! ( back into phone ) that 's correct . Cash straight to you . yes . twelve hundred ? I do not think so . it 's just stripping . just a show . hold on . ( o.c. ) could you please wait off the property ? angle on a young couple , obviously here to see the house . man we be just try to sneak a peak . boyd just stay off the property until I be off the phone . man why ? boyd Cause that 's the way they do it . bewildere and somewhat intimidate , they back off . boyd ( back into phone ) so it 's five guy , hard rock casino . nine hundred buck and you do the thing with the rubber hose . be you in ? Tina , be you in ? good . boyd hang up , put on he jacket and turn with the same bizarre insincere smile in he photo . Hand extend ... boyd David boyd , nice to meet you . fisher and liz in line liz why do you feel the need to explore this side of you personality ? fisher what be you talk about ? liz I be talk about the kind of people you hang out with ... about grow up , assume responsibility of yourself . fisher I ask you to marry I . I be ready for marriage . that 's responsibility . that 's growth . liz I just think that at some point you be go to have to re-evaluate some of you friendship ... fisher who else ? liz Charles Moore for instant . fisher you do not like Moore ? since when ? liz it 's not that I do not like he . but the wedding have really get I think and ... I just keep myself open up . grown . and I want you keep up with I here . fisher what do Moore have to do with you grow ? liz I just do not see he in the big picture . fisher I have know he since cub scout . liz he 's weird . fisher he 's quiet . liz he 's weird . tight on - charle moore late twenty , a chef in a very upscale , very busy kitchen . his name , " Moore , " be embroider on he white chef 's jacket . food order fly all around as Moore work with a mesmerize focus , a poetic sense of purpose , fifteen thing go on at once ; he chop , saute , braise , etc... , in a perfect mute silence . fisher and liz still in line fisher he just do not talk a lot . liz why ? what 's he problem ? fisher he 's a great chef . liz he 's weird . and I expect more from you . fisher you expect more what ? liz you be go to be hungover for three day . like that guy on " Oprah " that get drunk and have disgusting sex with prostitute and then say they vow with the stench of cheap hotel whore sex all over they . fisher time out . liz it 's vile ! people be stare . fisher that 's absurd . liz I have see it on television . fisher I be not go to marry you with the smell of prostitute on my body . liz ( start to cry ) I be not common keith . I be not common . I be a creature like no other and I will not be common ! be that to much to ask ? ( scream ) be that to much to ask !?! fisher you will not be common !!! finally , at the head of the line , Liz step up to the clerk . liz Marriage license please . ext . government build Fisher and Liz emerge , start for the parking lot . Liz stop to look at Fisher , she eye well with tear , vulnerable and apologetic . liz do you love I ? fisher of course . liz how much ? fisher with all my heart . liz ( vulnerable ) kiss I ...? fisher take she into he arm , pull she to he , kiss she hard , for all it 's worth . int . a large money management firm desk after desk after desk of identical man , seemingly repeat the same task . we find Fisher at one of the desk , number crunching . at the desk across from Fisher sit ... michael brenn , short , compact , with a severe personality disorder , masquerade as semi-appropriate behavior . michael that 's just insecurity . fisher I do not know . she 's really be stress out . michael just insecurity . nut crunching gut splinter . fisher what do that mean ? michael it mean she 's insecure . fisher about what ? Michael 's phone ring . michael ( pick up ) Mike brenn . yes. yes. 14.3 at 7.5 for 6 . at 29.83 at 9 . ( hang up ) I be amaze the window do not blow out of they fuck socket with all the repress , ass - pucker rage in this soul - less lizard . fisher ( beat ) I just want she to be happy . michael same alarm clock every morning , same two pop on the same snooze button ... ( phone ring ; pick up ) Michael brenn . yes ... yes ... ( look through stack of stat ) hold you horse . okay . get it . 6.321 at 17.28 for 6.6 at 9.256 out at 3432.343 . ( hang up ) same shower , towel , toothbrush , razor , hair gel . it 's a fuck epidemic Fisher and you better start address it . you be get marry and I be not go to candy - coat it . it just get worse . it 's a eighteen wheel cement mixer that will crush every bone in you body . Fisher look pale . fisher I be not breathe right . michael you be not breathe right ? fisher lately I will just start get lighthead , dizzy , and I realize I have not breathe in like two minute . adam brenn , Michael 's older brother , mid -30' , a bit soft in the belly , approach , more or less in charge . adam ( to Michael ) we be leave from my house in three hour . if you want to come , get you number in order by then . michael first of all ... adam ( cut he off ) no first of all . I be not in a game mood . michael you be interrupt a personal conversation . adam ( to Fisher ) sorry Fish . fisher we will be ready Adam . adam I know you will be . ( to Michael ) Three hour . Adam go . michael I do not care for he . fisher he 's you brother . michael so ? Fisher 's phone ring . fisher ( pick 's up ) keith Fisher . int . kitchen Liz sit at the kitchen table , in a mild panic . liz ( into phone ) we have get problem here . fisher problem ? intercut Liz and Fisher . liz seating problem . fisher okay . liz keith do not trivialize this . fisher I be not . what 's the problem ? liz we be suppose to have gold - trim padded seat , now they be tell I that there be a mistake and we can not have padded . fisher what kind of seat can we have ? liz not padded one . fisher so what do we do ? liz you go down there . fisher go down where ? liz go down to the seat place and straighten this out . fisher honey I do not have the time ... liz I need you help . fisher we be leave in three hour . liz ( start to cry ) I need you help . fisher I will call they from the road . liz do you love I ? fisher more than I ever imagine be able to love anyone ever . liz take care of that chair . fisher we be leave from Adam 's . come send I off . liz maybe . ext . adam' house - santa monica boyd , moore , fisher in the middle , michael and he older brother , adam , all in suit pose in front of Adam 's brand new , state of the art , chevy minivan while Adam 's very aggressive wife , lois , mire in domestic resentment , focus she camera . lois notice how clean and well - behave they all appear , respectable member of modern society . timmy , Adam Jr. , take a good look at this ... Adam 's and lois ' kid , timmy , 8 , and Adam Jr. , 10 , watch with Liz . ( Adam Jr. , in leg brace and crutch , suffer from muscular dystrophy ) lois ... we will compare this before photo with whatever form of degeneration present to we in 24 hour , no matter how low , how vile ... liz ... embarrassing , shameful ... lois ... regression of modern man to he most primitive , ape-like state ... liz the stone age . lois the post - Vegas man . liz a mutant species . lois okay boy , smile ! lois click off photo of the man . lois all right . as you be . the guy break . Fisher go to Liz . liz will you please call the chair people ? fisher I will . liz do you love I ? fisher of course . liz just call and let I know that you okay . fisher I love you . liz have a nice bachelor party . Adam kiss lois and the kid goodbye . Adam Jr. nearly loose he balance in the excitement , Adam catch he . boyd start to get in the driver seat . adam not on you life . boyd slide over shotgun , crank the music . Fisher 's the last one in . he slide the big minivan door shut and they be off . Adam look in the rearview mirror , lois , Liz , timmy wave goodbye . Adam Jr. wave one of he crutch . ext . hwy - series of shot - day the minivan cruise east : from Santa monica ; through downtown Los Angeles ; and the City of Industry . at the turn off , a freeway sign read ; " Las Vegas 385 mile . " int . minivan - later boyd you be a fuck moron . michael it 's my fuck opinion . adam it 's really a stupid opinion . you have develop a annoying habit of talk for what seem to be no other reason than to hear yourself speak . michael because my opinion threaten yours , it 's poorly develop ? adam no , because you opinion be idiotic and have nothing to do with what any give conversation be about , which make 85 % of you eagerly injected think process highly offensive to I . michael boyd bring up divorce statistic . boyd the hell I do ! michael the hell you do not ! boyd the hell I do ! michael you say one in two marriage end in divorce . boyd I never hear that . fisher you say that boyd . boyd well , I do not mean it . michael you be a asshole Adam . adam you be a asshole . michael oh , and why be I a asshole ? adam multiple reason . michael name one . adam I do not have to ... fisher shut up ! dead silence . as they ride through the lifeless desert , Fisher dial he cell phone . fisher ( into phone ) be this pico Party rent ? can I speak to whomever be in charge of chair ? chair . boyd check he watch . boyd four hour and fifteen minute . I can make Vegas in 3 and change . adam I be not get a ticket . fisher ( on cell phone ) tony ? this be keith Fisher . you be do my wedding and I be call about the chair situation . yeah , I will hold . boyd who 's up for make some real money ? adam do not even start . boyd you want to hear I out ? michael nope . boyd Moore ? moore no I do not . boyd Fish ? fisher not really . ( into phone ) yes , the Fisher wedding chair ... boyd prison communication system . ( no response ) a acquaintance friend of mine be professionally involved with a communication outfit in Denver that I just happen to know for a fact be about to be reward a very large , exclusive contract to rewire every state prison in Colorado . yes sir . nobody give a fuck . fisher ( into phone ) no , I be hold for tony . in chair . keith Fisher . okay . boyd that would translate to government guarantee contract in excess of 35 million dollar . fisher ( into phone ) we need padded chair . boyd or a stock kick of approximately 125 % on share which be currently sit around $ 4.38 , or , in plain English ... adam shut up ! michael no ! boyd what be wrong with you people ? I be a helper here . moore you investment idea never work out . boyd that 's the whole point . they rarely work out . but on occasion they do . and when they do , they do big . michael you idea never work out . boyd oh really ? Starbucks ? adam that 's one idea . fisher ( into phone ) no ... we want padded chair ... okay ? boyd one idea that if you have fuck listen to , you would each be worth approximately 15 million dollar . adam you can not keep bring up Starbucks . that be you only real hit in like 75 try . boyd I set up Fisher with the broker that find he house . take care of that one , do not I ? ( beat ) prison Communications . moore I do not think so boyd . boyd Fine . do not come cry to boyd . no sir . he turn away from the guy and stare out the window . fisher ( o.s. ) yes , I be hold for tony in chair . I have a chair problem . no , I be not tony , I need to speak to tony . ext . desert the minivan cruise through death Valley in route to Vegas . ext . red rock nat 'l park - canyon - magic hour North of Vegas . the minivan be park high on a cliff overlook the city . a couple of tequila bottle on ice , a case of Heineken . the boy be arming up . adam all the bullshit aside Fish , we have be come up here for what , eight year ? boyd , carve a branch with he boy scout knife ... boyd more . adam over eight year of some of the hardest raging experience of my life . moore good time . michael drum bang real time . fisher Real time . adam they have all be real time . and as you prepare to enter into a new phase of life , as you prepare for new role ; father , husband , teacher , you will , as I have , come to except the let go of of old way . soon , the mellow will begin ... boyd but not tonight . moore not tonight . adam tonight we return once again to the cave . tonight we let the monster out . we fill ourselves with the spirit of genghis kahn , Joe namath , JFK , paton , lombardi , hemingway ... michael ( scream ) franco mother -fuck Harris ! moore keith Richards , Dean Martin ... boyd Jack kerouback , herman melville , Henry Miller and Hunter S. Thompson . I dedicate this evening to fear and to major loathing . so from sun set to sun rise , let I be hear ... boyd hold the bottle above he head as the guy raise they glass in a toast . all he who act the beast , rid himself of the pain of be a man ! the guy smash the bottle together in a explosion of glass and the golden tequila . int . casino - gambling montage improvise dialogue . card fly . cash and chip play fisher on cell phone call about the chair again . tequila pour . shot after shot after shot after shot . michael throw back a shot , fall off he stool . casino phone booth Fisher sneak a call to liz . liz ( v.o. ) hello . fisher hi. int . den - liz' and fisher' apartment Liz be make place card , " I Love Lucy " be on the tv . liz hi. ( teasing ) be you call from jail ? fisher ( v.o. ) not yet . liz well , the night be young . do you straighten out the chair situation ? fisher ( v.o. ) I be work on it , I have make three call . ( beat ) I can not stop think about how much I love you . liz that 's sweet . fisher ( v.o. ) well I do . liz well you should . fisher ( v.o. ) what be you do ? liz just a bit of organize . fisher ( v.o. ) nest ? liz yeah . nest . fisher ( v.o. ) I be mad at you . liz go have fun . not too much . fisher ( v.o. ) I will see you tomorrow ... casino Fisher hang up , a " crazy about the girl " smile on he face . int . fisher' split - level HOTEL suite - night the music be loud . the boy be super drunk in the swank bachelor party suite . moore stagger - dance on a table . boyd and michael stand at the wet-bar . boyd I do not hate woman . michael you hate woman . boyd false . michael true . boyd not true . michael you have a King fantasy . boyd I be a lover . in Africa , you can stay king as long as you can service you woman every night . michael and what happen when you can not ? boyd ( swig whiskey ; look up ) New king . ext . balcony Adam and Fisher . adam no. no. no . it 's what my father say to I . he say it and he mean it ... he say to I ... he say , Adam , he say ... he tell I and I hear he ... he say ... ( struggle to remember ) Hell he say so many goddamn thing I can not remember everything he say for christsake . fisher right ! that 's exactly what I be say . my father say , first of all , I be you father not you friend . I be you father . adam be you solid with that ? fisher no . I think it 's fuck . adam then fuck what you father say , cause I be gonna tell you right now ... you will know what it 's all about , why you get marry and why you love she when you wake up at three in the morning , and the streetlight 's come through the window and it 's just catch a corner of she face , like a sleep angel . and she hair smell sweet and she 's you 's . she 's all you 's . do you see where I be go here ? michael and boyd at the bar speed hit cocaine . boyd if I be the king of Israel , I say to myself , King , I say to myself , King ... take a good look around . what do I see ? michael Israel do not have a King . boyd then what do they have ? michael they have a president . a Benjamin Yahoo something . boyd I say to myself , look at the map . look what 's all around you . people who wish bad bad thing for you and you people . for thousand of year the Jews be fight everybody . it use to be they would throw rock , then the iron revolution and they would attack with spear . then the gunpowder revolution . now they be shoot fire power back and forth , all day bullet fly , baby get shot . michael what 's you point ? boyd now if I be the King of Israel and all this sand nigger be armed to the gill and you know it 's just a matter of time ... right ? be I right ? michael the Israelis can protect themselves . they get the mossad thing happen . mossad 's for real , man . they scalp baby . boyd there 's my point exactly . michael what ? what 's you point ? boyd take Mexico . michael what ? boyd look up the chicken , dig up the holy dirt , pack up the wail cry wall thing they bang they head on all day long , stick it all on a big fuck tug boat . the whole country pick up and take Mexico . angle on moore craze with the rhythm of the " Chemical Brothers , " jump up and down on the table . on balcony Fisher and Adam power shoot tequila . fisher the buck gonna stop right here . ( pound he chest ) if my son do not know the six New England state , if he have trouble with geography , I will not stick it in he face . I will help the little guy . I will put he in the car and take he out there . I will take he to Maine for a big lobster dinner , go ski in vermont , hot dog at yankee Stadium ... I will not stare he down . adam do not ever stare he down . fisher I will not do it . adam do not eyeball you kid . moore on the coffee table , dance the beasty dance . the bar boyd the mexican would love it . they be die for a little order down there . they need direction . michael they need leadership . boyd that 's what I be say . let the Israelis straighten it up . they get plenty of room down there , number one . plus , and this be just a plus , they kind of look alike -- the Jews and the mexican . so I think on a whole you average Joe mexican be gonna have less of a problem get he head around the whole assimilation thing . be I right ? the door bell ring . balcony adam I tell mine that they be little man . I tell they they be strong . they make I feel joy . I let them know . so they really know that I need they just as much . you know . just as much man . and you know , you be they godfather ... fisher I know and I be honore ... adam if anything ever happen to I ... fisher I know ... adam y'see ? that 's the real point here . that 's what I be drive for , when the big storm come and knock down all the forest and the rock fall down and the leave 's be bare . what 's leave ? the little tree , the little fella that the storm do not see . the tiny little ... Moore be on the balcony . moore the stripper 's here . adam ( bomb ) excellent . he and Fisher stagger aside . HOTEL suite boyd introduce tina , a devastatingly sexy asian girl , to all the boy . boyd gentlemen , this be Tina . the guy , waste , attempt to greet Tina . tina who 's the lucky groom ? the guy point at Fisher , roaring . Tina press she lip to Fisher 's ear . tina hi Fisher . boyd dim the light , crank up the music as the guy stumble for position on and around the couch . Tina start to move , very sexy . Michael toke a joint . michael God , I love woman . tina's dance montage series of shot : tina dance , slowly peel off she clothes . the guy be into it . Michael seem especially turn - on . Tina move in on Fisher , start a very nasty lap dance ... somehow incorporate a rubber hose . the guy hoop and holler ... Michael be mesmerize ... Tina grind on Fisher 's lap , touch she nipple ... Michael 's go crazy ... he try to touch she , she slap he hand away ... Fisher can not take it anymore ... Tina relent ... move on ... Michael reach for she leg like a dog in heat . she pass over he , teasing , torment he , and settles onto Adam 's lap . the guy roar in approval ... Michael glower ... Adam turn bright red as Tina arouse and ride he ... Michael start to burn ... the guy egg Tina on , she get off on Adam 's shyness , rub she breast in he face ... the guy be howling ... Tina suck one of Adam 's finger into she mouth ... Michael look like he 's go to explode ... Adam 's overwhelm , he politely bail out ... boyd ( whisper to Fish ) she 's all you 's Fish . anything you want . happy bachelor party . fisher I can not . michael ( jump up ) I will take a ride . fisher go for it . michael ( to Tina ) come on . tina ( to boyd ) you say just dance . boyd ( be : money ) I will take good care of you . tina ( dead flat ; be : Michael ) with he . ( beat ) lucky I . Michael move in on Tina . hesitantly , she lead he into the master bedroom . moore she 's fuck hot ! adam I need a drink . boyd tequila ... boyd reach for the bottle as the beat go on . HOTEL suit - montage distorted , a bit crooked . music and dialogue constantly change level . we be not sure who 's say what . we be not sure of physical geography . the one thing we be sure of be that michael be fuck the hell out of Tina in the bathroom . series of shot : master bathroom : Michael work Tina from behind . suite : moore bounce off the furniture . fisher and adam , wildly high . boyd spray beer on Adam , who return fire . drunk they start wrestle , throw each other around the room , knock over furniture . bathroom : Michael , tightly , tie Tina 's hand behind she back with she rubber hose . tina oh come on . michael I want to play . tina it 's gonna cost extra . michael I will pay . suite : Fisher spraying beer all over Adam and boyd as they knock a table over and end up tangle and brawling on the floor . bathroom : Michael screwing the hell out of Tina . tina easy baby , easy . slow motion intercut : suite : Moore wildly leap from the couch to the chair , to another chair , back to the couch ... bathroom : Michael plow like a monster into Tina , hand tie behind she back ... close on she stiletto heel , digging into the marble floor ... one of she heel break ... she start to slip ... suite : Moore jump , miss the chair , fall down on the glass coffee table , glass explode ... bathroom : Tina fall , Michael reach too late , she can not break she fall with she hand tie behind she ... she 's go down ... suite : Moore fall through the shattered glass , to the floor ... bathroom : Tina hit she head hard on the porcelain toilet ... suite : Fisher , Adam , and boyd stop brawling , stare down at Moore cover in glass . moore ( beat ) cool . Moore be fine , not even a scratch . the guy break into roaring laughter , completely hysterical ; shaking , roaring , release . tight shot of each howling until ... one by one ... they sober up ... look o.c . tight on fisher as he smile slowly fade to confusion , he stare o.c. at ... michael stand in the door , face ghost white , blood drip from he finger ... michael I really fuck up . int . bathroom the guy rush in . stop dead in they track . tina on the floor , leg twisted underneath she , lie grow in a grow puddle of dark blood . silence as the guy stare , try to comprehend . moore Jesus . adam do not touch she . call 911 . michael ( in shock ) I be just play ... we be play just play around . adam ( examine Tina ) she 's dead . fisher no ... no . moore how do you know she 's dead . adam she 's get no fuck pulse . boyd you do not know what you be do . boyd push Adam out of the way . start feel she pulse . boyd ( not get anything ) where do you look ? what side of the neck ? moore Left side . adam either side you idiot . I be call 911 . fisher ( semi-gone ) what happen ? oh my God ... michael we be play ... she slip ... she hit she head . adam ( incredulous ) play ? suite Adam move into the live room , head for the phone . boyd intercept he . they wrestle for the phone . boyd wait ! adam what ? boyd what be you do ? adam ( hysterical ) what be you talk about ? boyd what do you think you be do ? adam I be call the ambulance . boyd just wait a second . wait one second . okay . what be you do ? adam Calling the ambulance . boyd why ? ( beat ) why ? she 's dead . why be you call a ambulance ? a reasonable point . beat . adam we have to call the ambulance . boyd why ? Fisher enter , freak ... fisher oh , Jesus ... call the police . boyd no . fisher she 's dead . call somebody ! boyd shut up . fisher call 911 . boyd shut up . michael she slip . adam ( attack Michael ) what do you do ? michael ( defensive ) you never hear of accident ?! get off I ! Adam slap Michael . Moore try to break it up . boyd everybody shut up . listen to I ! silence . boyd listen to I . please . everybody just calm down a bit here . okay ... first ... be we sure she 's dead ? adam her head 's bashed in and she heart be not beat . moore she 's dead . michael it be a accident ! boyd be you sure this be a accident ? adam you be a lie deviant . what do you do ?! michael the floor be wet . she slip ! adam why be the floor wet ? michael I do not know why the floor be wet ! adam why ?! Fisher wander back to the bathroom door where Moore be ; they stare down at Tina as the conversation rage in the b.g. boyd stop it ! listen to I . let 's just take a second here and take hold of the situation , ok ? let 's just review we option here . adam we have a dead woman bleed all over the bathroom . what option ? call the police . boyd call the police . okay , that 's one option . adam that be not a " option . " there be no multiple choice here . boyd yes sir , there sure be a option here . there be always option . on Fisher and Moore . moore I have never see a dead person . as Moore move in , transfix , to take a closer look ... fisher ( enraged ) fuck ! fuck you fuck guy ! boyd well we can definitely call the police . that 's a easy call . if we call the police ... what happen ? ( silence ) they find a dead prostitute in the bathroom ... they ask we ... what happen ? we say , ah ... we friend , Michael ... ( to Adam ) you brother ... get a little out of control ... they be make love ... and he get a little excited ... and he , ah , sort of beat she head into the side of a toilet , while he choke she to death with a rubber hose ... adam stop it ! boyd there 's more . adam just stop . boyd just give the fact . adam I be call the police . boyd what be we do officer ? why do not we help she ? well ... we be all a bit high , you know , bachelor party , that kind of thing . Fisher here be get marry in three day ... beautiful wife ... he do not have anything at all to do with it ... it be all Michael here ... just Michael ... adam you do not play game with homicide police . there be no option here . there be not the luxury of worry about how the fallout will settle . boyd I have know he for while maybe twenty year kind of a close friend but hey what the heck officer , take he away , go on it 's for he own good . fisher ( outrage ) what be you talk about ? Adam 's right . we do not have a choice here boyd ... I mean what be you talk about ? what option ??? boyd ( calm ) bury she out in the desert . adam ( sarcastic ) sure , why not . moore he 's right . boyd we can take she out to Red rock . find some quiet place ... and put she in the ground . adam you do not just casually walk out of a Vegas casino with a dead woman . boyd we can do this . we can get she out of here . adam have you completely lose you mind ? so you get she out of here . so you get she out into the desert somehow , without anybody see , so what , you do not think at some point somebody might notice that she 's go ? boyd nobody know she 's here . I call she personally . nobody know . fisher oh for christsake boyd . somebody must know she 's here . boyd nobody know . pause , as the guy digest this point . adam her blood be all over the bathroom . I would say that 's a bit of a DNA problem . boyd it 's a marble floor , we can clean it up . fisher oh God . this be insane . boyd what 's insane be the fact that Michael here put a fuck girl 's head through a toilet . that 's insane . moore they will get we on accessory to murder . adam bullshit it 's not accessory . I do not do shit . you call the cop , you explain it be a accident ... boyd her fuck head be cave in . adam so ! I do not fuck do it ! boyd she 's get bondage burn on she wrist . there 's blow all over the room , Moore look like he go at it with a mountain lion . this room look like the Manson family stay here a month . Michael go down , we all go down . moore I be not go to ruin my life over a dead whore . adam that 's a horrible ugly comment . " Dead whore ? " she 's a person ! fisher ( fall away ) I be get marry ... michael I be sorry ... I be sorry ... I be sorry ... adam I have get a wife and two boy . Fisher shuffles to a corner , collapse , head in hand . silence . boyd ( unflappably calm ) let take a vote . a simple vote . two choice ; we clean up the mess . right now . bury it in the desert , go home , and never look back . or , we can call the police ... open that door , roll the dice and hope that it 's only Michael who fall . let 's take a vote . Desert ... or police ? boyd look around . beat . raise he hand . boyd Desert . he look at moore . moore ( beat ) Fucking desert . michael michael ( to Fisher ) Fish , I be really sorry . I just ... I owe you man . ( put up he hand ) Desert . all eye on fisher , no response . boyd nobody know she 's here . fisher good God ... good God ... all eye on adam . he take a while ... finally , adam how do we get she out of here ? a reasonable question . boyd think . beat . boyd wrap she up in blanket . bring the car around to the back of the hotel , throw she off the balcony , put she in the car ... done . adam ( beat ) you do not think someone will have a problem with a body be throw off a balcony ? boyd we check out the area and wait for a time when it 's clear . adam what about the blood ? boyd someone go to Walmart , get some bucket , brushes , mop , spic and span , the work . adam have you ever do this before ? boyd the reality be , you take away the horror of this situation , take away the tragedy of the death , take away the moral and ethical implication of all the crap you have have condition , beat , into you head since grade one . what be we leave with ? what ? a 115 lb. problem . 115 lbs. that must be move from point a to point B. now , a straight line in the shortest distance but we be deny the luxury of a visible straight line . but that line exist and I see it . I see that line . trust I . Adam . trust I ... I can take care of this . knock knock the five man stop breathe . somebody 's at the door . knock knock stun silence . the guy stare at each other in horror . ralph ( o.s. ) hello ? be anyone in there ? boyd race to the door , eye the peephole . boyd be Pov , through the peephole , outside in the hall , a man . ralph , early 30' , fairly unassume . boyd ( call out ) what be it ? ralph ( o.s. ) ah , yeah , hi . be Tina there ? Adam throw he head in he hand . boyd ( through door ) what ? ralph ( o.s. ) I be with Tina . be she there ? boyd indicate to the guy to be cool . boyd she 's not here . ralph ( o.s. ) where be she ? boyd she 's here . she 's just ... hold on a second . boyd turn as the guy freak . craze bit of panicked conversation -- gibberish . knock knock . ralph ( o.s. ) could you open the door please . boyd move back to the door , slowly , open it . Ralph step in . take a good look around . ralph's Pov of the fairly destroy hotel room and five severely traumatize man . ralph okay . hi. silence . ralph so who 's the lucky guy ? pause . boyd who ? ralph the groom ? fisher me. ralph cool ... ( beat ) you all dude from l.a .? boyd yup . ralph do the bachelor party thing ? boyd that 's right . ralph Sin City . Devil 's playground . the Black bitch . all day every day . ( beat ) where 's Tina ? boyd she 's in the bathroom ... she 's still work . ralph she 's still work ? boyd that 's right . ralph sweet deal . silence . Ralph check the rest of the guy . some strange eye contact . extremely uncomfortable . ralph be everything okay ? boyd great . fine. perfect . more silence . ralph ( indicate bathroom ) I be gonna just tell she I be wait . he start for the bathroom . boyd she 's in there ! ralph I be just gonna let she know I be here . and Ralph be on he way to the bathroom . and the guy be freaking as Ralph move through the bedroom up towards the bathroom . Hand on door -- open door -- step in -- and Ralph see Tina . ralph , in shock , stare , back -peddle ... ralph my God ! as Ralph start to turn -- fisher ( o.s. ) no! noooo !!! on boyd -- he Boy scout knife raise above he head -- drive it into Ralph 's neck ! major arterial spray as Ralph 's jugular be severe . Ralph struggle . boyd wrestle he back toward the bathroom . boyd help I ! do not let he bleed on the carpet ! and moore be there . helping boyd wrestle the scream thrashing Ralph into the bathroom . Ralph fight like a gill marlin . they shove he into the bathroom . boyd slam the door shut . hold it tight as Ralph try to force it back open . boyd he will bleed out ! he will bleed dry . help I hold the door . and help they do . Michael , Moore and Adam all hold the door shut as Ralph continue to fight for he life . slowly the force of he pounding ease . we hear Ralph slow down ... the thrashing slow ... softer ... the moan quiet ... softer ... just a slight gurgle ... Ralph be go ... go ... Ralph be go . at the door eight hand slowly peel off the bathroom door . devastate silence as the guy attempt to process this , the latest of development ... with Fisher stare , blotto . int . the bathroom the door slowly open . boyd first -- then the rest of the guy 's head slowly appear in the doorway . moore oh God . and Moore be out the door , racing for a garbage can to relieve himself . the guy ' Pov a absolute blood bath . the wall be cover with Ralph 's arterial spray . Tina lie , still dead on she side . Ralph have somehow " assume the position " dead , head in the bathtub . a bizarre and gruesome sight . boyd survey the carnage , take charge . boyd ( with military precision ) all right people . New plan . not even a new plan so much as a modification of the old plan . fisher ( beyond shock ) I be call the police . boyd so help I God you touch that phone and I bury you with they . ( beat ) surrender be no longer a option . I repeat -- it be not a option . be there anyone who do not understand that ? Fisher 's response be to join Moore , as he search for a garbage can to puke in . Michael just stare . boyd a little gut check time fella . a time for some serious self - exploration . how do I function ? for real ? no more bullshit . can I keep my cool when they bounce my bananas ? when they will not play my fuck song ? etc , etc . do you get I ? do you get I ? michael not really . no . boyd not a problem . understand not my word , but follow my order . follow my order int . walmart - night the boy move down the isle of the massive 24 hour everything store , boyd push a cart , grab ; clean supplies , tarp , tape , giant pruning shear , etc ... boyd ( v.o. ) we will organize , we will mobilize , we will maximize and prioritize . Moore grab a plastic garbage can off a shelf and puke in it for all he 's worth . int . hard rock casino the boy attempt to look natural as they stroll through the casino with they supplies . late night gambler pay they little notice . int . HOTEL suite boyd turn up the music . boyd let 's do it people . music over series of shot : Moore and Fisher scrub blood from the carpet . Fisher keep forget to breath . Michael and boyd put Tina and Ralph in the bath tub . Adam sit in shock on the floor . Fisher and Moore try to fix a break chair . boyd start to dismember Ralph with the pruning shear , like cut the joint of a roast chicken . Adam stare at the wall . Michael wrap one of Ralph 's foot in plastic , put it in a suitcase . boyd saw . Michael wrap . Fisher and Moore clean . Adam slowly straighten up a lamp , begin to help . until -- the last of the body part , Tina 's head , be wrap in plastic , pack in a suitcase . the bathroom have be remarkably clean up . just a bit of blood leave in the tub . boyd look pleased . boyd all right . look good people . ext . red rock canyon road the minivan bump along a desert road at a snail 's pace . int . minivan Adam drive , cring with every bump and bang . everyone be tense . boyd eye the clock . it 's 4 a.m . boyd Sun rise at 5:52 . adam I be not wreck the transmission ! ext . desert series of shot : the guy off - load the suitcase . Fisher and boyd digging hole . they start put the suitcase in the hole . adam wait . wait a minute . boyd what ? adam we can not do this . boyd we have already do this . adam no , I mean the suitcase . we can not bury they in suitcase . michael why ? adam it 's sacrilegious . boyd how do you figure ? adam accord to jewish law , the blood and limb be consider to be part of the human be . they must be bury together or they soul will not rest in peace . boyd so that 's what we be do . adam no we be not . the body be all mix up . we can not do this to they . boyd she 's asian . they do not have Jews in Asia . adam that be absolutely not true . boyd ( beat ) well what the fuck be we suppose to do ? adam ( as if reasonable ) open the suitcase , unpack the body part and reunite the limb . fisher no way . adam it have to be do . boyd we have to get go . adam I be not flexible on this . pause . boyd alright . let 's do it . the guy start break down the body part , rip open case ... boyd I get she arm . moore here 's he head . as the guy put limb with body ... CUT to : dirt be throw on top of the reunite body until they be all completely bury . ext . grave site as the last of the dirt be pack down by boyd . the guy stare down at the grave site . boyd now I be the last to say that we have do here be a good thing . it 's not . it 's not a good thing . but it be , give the circumstance , the smart play . we do what have to be do . and ... well ... I be proud of we . I be proud of each and every one of we . we perform . under the most complex and nerve shatter of situation , we stand fast and we deliver . I feel proud . silence . adam we be all go straight to hell . either hell or prison , whichever come first . boyd wrong . that be flat out wrong . hell be for coward , for hypocrite who fear to live by the strength of they own conviction . this be war . give the circumstance and give the fact that we be alive and they be not , we have choose life over death . two wrong do not make a right . so we conviction and execution would only mean more death here , not less . moore boyd ... I do not know man ... it just seem to I that ever since you take tony robbin self - help thing ... you be all fuck - up in the head . fisher I get to agree with that . boyd that be a load of shit . personal power have nothing to do with any of this . tony robbin have help I to unlock energy and see my option more clearly , yes , but to give he credit for this , for all of this ... well that 's just more than the man deserve . fisher I think we should say some word over the grave . boyd what kind of word ? fisher I be talk about prayer . boyd go ahead . Fisher step to the grave , look down . fisher dear God ... I do not know how to pray . michael just go ahead and say what 's on you mind . boyd speak from the heart my brother . Adam turn in disgust . adam this be pathetic . michael you be pathetic . adam ( turn on Michael ) what do you say ? michael ( point ) you be not a team player . adam do not point at I . michael you never be a team player . that 's why you never have any friend . adam I have plenty of friend . michael the hell you do . adam the hell I do not . michael you have acquaintance -- business friend and superficial golf buddy . you have always be a fringe player . you have some serious male on male intimacy problem . adam what be you fuck talk about ? Michael look at boyd . fisher Michael , now be probably not the best time for this . boyd no , this be the perfect time . this be real time . Adam . you brother and I , as well as several other present , have always suspect that you ... ( point to Adam ) ... be a fully repress , live in major denial , lock down , fly - boy butt-fucker . dead silence . Adam stare stupefy at boyd , then Michael . finally , Fisher say he prayer . fisher dear God , please forgive we for what we have do here tonight . we have lose we way . speak for myself , let I say ... dissolve to : int . minivan - drive Fisher 's prayer over the guy drive home . each lose in he own thought . fisher ( v.o. ) ... I be deeply in love with the woman I be about to marry and I look very much forward to raise a family and be a positive member of society . we promise , if you forgive we , we will never forget this tragedy and will try with all we power to use it as a daily reminder that we be here on earth to do good not evil . let we go from this day forward with new purpose and spirit . you have give we a second chance and let we take that second chance and use it as fuel to feed we fire of productivity so that the spirit of the two we now bury live on forever in the good deed and positive achievement we from this moment on shall make we life 's work ... continue as the minivan disappear down the freeway , head back to Los Angeles . a freeway sign read , " Los Angeles , 358 mile . " fisher ( v.o. ) thank you lord , and again , we ask for you forgiveness and guidance ... amen . ext . car wash - day Adam watch he mini-van move through the wash and rinse cycle , stare , paranoid at the mexican towel Boy clean the interior . michael try to open a child proof bottle of excedrin . boyd play " Mrs. pac-man " in the corner . men' room Moore dry heave for all he 's worth . pay phone Fisher finish dial , wait ... finally ... liz ( v.o. ) hello . fisher hey . it 's I . liz ( v.o. ) where be you ? fisher we be on we way home . I just ... we be run a little late . liz ( v.o. ) how late ? fisher no . just like a hour or so . liz ( v.o. ) what about the chair ? fisher okay . liz ( v.o. ) what okay ? fisher what ! liz ( v.o. ) the chair . fisher I leave a message . I think it 's go to be okay . liz ( v.o. ) you sound funny . do you do cocaine ? fisher no . no . I will see you in about four hour . as he hang up the phone ... liz ( v.o. ) ( distant ; unheard ) do you love I ? click . Fisher , in a daze , turn and walk into right into Adam who have be stand there listen . Adam do not look so good . adam I want you to hear I out . fisher what . adam you and I have do nothing . you especially . we be innocent . fisher I do not think so . adam we be . we go to the police . we tell they the truth . now . before they find out . now . we save ourselves . the hispanic car wash worker beep the horn , Adam jump . the van be ready . boyd let 's go ! Adam stare dagger into Fisher . adam we save ourselves . it 's we only chance . Adam head back to the car , leave Fisher alone . fade to black : ext . adam' house - day the shiny clean minivan cruise to a stop in front of the house . Adam Jr. , " Little Adam , " and timmy play in the fence yard along with a couple of other kid . int . minivan Adam stop the car . the guy sit in silence as the kid assault the truck , climb all over it . Little Adam wave he crutch wildly . adam jr. ( scream ) daddy 's home ! daddy 's home ! boyd address the fella . boyd the past be the past . today be the beginning of the rest of we life . moore today be the best day of the rest of we life . fisher ( disgust ) the first day . moore what ? as lois , with camera , and Liz , come out the front door . fisher ( disgust &amp ; depressed ) it go ; " today be the first day of the rest of we life . " boyd however it go , the point be , nobody say anything to anyone ever . right ?... right ? michael right . moore that 's right . as the little kid put they lip up to the window , make funny face , boyd you be goddamn right . Adam ? Adam be silent , watch the beautiful chaos that be he family . adam ( reluctant ) right . ext . suburban as the guy get out and be maul by the hyper kid and lois and Liz . lois ( with camera ) Group shot . here we go boy ! yes sir , compare and contrast time ! she start herding the boy into a group pose . lois feeling a little hungover be we ? do you kid take note ? ( take picture ) see how pathetic daddy and he jackass friend look ?! Fisher make eye contact with Liz . liz what 's the word on the chair ? fisher I be work on it . liz then you would better work on it in the car . we gotta go see the judge . int . judge's office on judge laurel tower . judge tower we do not say " love , honor and obey " anymore . and we do not say " till death do we part . " today we say , " respect , honor and cherish , as long as you both do love . " how do that sound ? liz I kind of like " till death do we part . " I mean , this be forever . in sickness and in health , through good time and bad . honey , what do you think ? Liz look at Fisher who be a nuclear wreck , barely coherent . fisher yea ... it 's great ... seem like ... I do not know you have get all the important stuff in there . judge tower all right then . it 's refresh to see two young people not afraid of real commitment . will you have friend or family say word -- sing or anything ? fisher ( beat ) be we suppose to ? judge tower it 's not a question of suppose to , it 's a entirely personal decision ... some do some do not . liz we do not think so . I mean , we just want the sing when I come out . judge tower okay great . what will that be ? liz we be just go to have the leader of the band sing alone with he guitar . acoustic . judge tower what song ? liz " you send I . " judge tower oh I know that . how do it go ... liz you know , ( talk it ) darling you ... you send I ... darling you ... you mend I . ( to Fisher ) honey , sing it for judge Tower . in lieu of a anxiety attack , Fisher ... fisher ( sing ) " darli ... ing you , ewe ewe ewe , send I , darli ... ing you , ewe ewe ewe , mend I . liz " at first I think it be infatuation ... but oh it 's last so long ... " fisher &amp ; liz " now I find myself want to marry you , marry you and take you home ... " judge Tower join in and the three squeak out the chorus and it 's pretty pathetic . music over : int . tuxedo rental store the guy be be fitte for they wedding tux . lois take picture of the five groomsman . Liz closely watch as the tailor make adjustment to Fisher 's tux . Adam look sick . ext . santa monica pier - sunset Fisher and he dad walk along the pier eat hot dog . a father and son moment . mr. fisher I want to just take this final opportunity to visit with you . you know , just to be with you , father and son , before you run off and do you own husband , daddy thing . ( start to choke - up ) I be just so goddamn proud of you ... God know I do not always play it right with you ... fisher you do all right dad . mr. fisher I could have do it better . I be a fuck ball - buster I be . fisher you never walk away dad . you could have walk away . mr. fisher I be just so scared of that song . that fuck , " my son just arrive the other day ... he say thanks for the ball , come on let 's play . I get lot of bill come again next day . he 's grow up just like I ... my boy be just like I . " Gordon fuck lightfoot , cat Stevens , whoever , that song just fuck kill I . fisher Harry chaplin . " cat in the cradle . " mr. fisher just kill I ... fisher I love you dad . mr. fisher I love you so much it hurt . I and you mother marvel at what you have become . you be go to have a wonderful journey with this girl . I feel it deep inside . a wonderful , magical journey . ( cry again ) and I be , like I say , just so proud of how you turn out . ( hug Fisher ) you go out and knock them dead keith . knock them dead ! off Fisher we ... CUT to : int . adam' office tight on a Vegas newspaper Metro section slam down on a desk -- a small article on Tina , the now miss prostitute . fisher where do you get that ? michael at the newsstand on 3rd . adam ( fall apart ) Fucking boyd . that fuck idiot . they be on to we . michael they be not on to we . I be gonna call boyd . Michael pick up the phone . ext . somebody's yard tight on boyd talk into cell phone . boyd oh that 's just nothing . that 's just a miss person thing , that 's all . intercut phone call michael you say nobody would miss she . boyd no . I say nobody know she be come to the hotel . adam ( grab phone ) boyd you idiot , the shit 's come down ! boyd what do that mean ? adam you get we into this mess . boyd oh I do ? I think it be you little rat fuck brother who decide to play hamburger helper with the hooker 's head . adam ( freak ) would you , shush ?! this phone be not secure ! boyd lighten up Adam . show some character . adam do not talk to I about character . boyd watch the tone fella . Fisher realize he 's not breathe . adam fuck you boyd ! boyd any time fat boy ! boyd hang up the phone , look at he picture on the realty sign he just pound into someone 's yard . behind the bizarre sincere smile we now see the eye of a maniac . boyd pick up the sledge hammer and swing wildly , destroy he sign , splintering it into kindling . int . bakery Fisher and Liz taste different sample of cake and compare different cake design with a baker . int . florist surrounded by hundred of different floral arrangement , Liz show a zombie Fisher the flower she 's pick for the wedding . int . liz and fisher' new home a beautiful country style beach house in Santa monica . Liz , Fisher and the realtor , maggie , walk into the charming kitchen . Fisher seem stress by the price tag . liz I love it . I just love , love , love , love it . maggie be you guy gonna fill this place with kid ? you sure get room for they . liz we be in no hurry . I think we will take some time to enjoy each other , enjoy we freedom before we surrender ourselves to kid . maggie take you time . I wish I have . liz ( hug Fisher ) we will . maggie so where to on the honeymoon ? fisher this be we honeymoon . liz after the wedding , which we be pay for ourselves , and this house ... maggie smart . smart . smart . think big picture , take you time . I wish I have . liz that 's we plan . maggie well , I just need you signature on this contract and a deposit check so I can get the ball roll . Liz look at Fisher . she really want the house . he take out he checkbook . Liz throw she arm around Fisher , kiss he . fisher how much ? maggie five percent should be fine for now , which be , let 's see , twenty thousand dollar . of course I will be split my commission with you friend . ( beat ) he be a very sweet man . Liz stare at Fisher . his hand shake as he write the check . ext . gas station mini -mart Adam , lois and the kid pull into the mini-mart , up to the gas pump . int . adam' mini - van Adam , ghost white , fumble for a credit card as the kid go nut in the back seat . kide ( sing ) " do you ball hang low , do they wobble to and for , can you tie them in a knot , can you tie them in a bow ? " adam ( snap ) knock it off ! lois do not snap at they ! adam they be drive I nut ! lois they be sing . a black sedan , look like a unmark police car , pull up nose - to - nose with they at the pump . two men in dark suit in the front look like cop . Adam can not help but notice . adam ( get out ) it 's a disgusting song . ext . car Adam slide he card through at the pump and start fill he tank as one of the " suit " get out of the black sedan and do the same . Adam and the " suit " make eye-contact . suit how ya do ? adam ( nervous mumble ) what ? suit what 's that ? adam what do you say ? suit I say how 's it go ? adam I do not hear you . suit well that 's what I say . Adam nod , eyeing he gas pump , willing it to pump faster . his heart start to pound , he look away , see ... a lapd police car pull into the station , stop in front of the mini-mart . two cop inside . on adam , eye-balling the cop car . he slowly turn to steal a glance at the " suit . " suit how do you like that mini-van ? Adam 's tank be almost fill . he want nothing more than to get out of there ... lois roll down the window . lois honey , go in there and get some starbursts . adam what ? lois they be scream for starbursts . adam later . lois they be scream like monster and it 's give I a headache . go get some fuck starbursts . Adam look from the suit to the cop car ... adam Fine . track with Adam as he walk from the pump across the parking lot , past the cop car , he heart pounding ... int . mini -mart Adam quickly search the candy section for starburst . he look out the window ... adam' Pov the " suit " have finish with the gas but he 's not leave ... he 's take a close look at Adam 's van . he seem to be check the license plate ... adam oh my God . Adam be block the aisle . he do not notice a young uniformed cop try to get past . cop ( o.s. ) Excuse I . Adam turn , panic , stumble back , into the candy display and topple to the ground . adam lie flat on he back in a monster mess of candy . cop you okay ? Adam scramble to he foot , try frantically to fix the major mess -- only make it worse . the iranian store clerk approach , piss . clerk just leave it ! adam ( determine ) it 's okay . clerk leave it ! startle by he tone , Adam stagger back , into a gatorade display , slip and topple to the ground . clerk get out ! adam ( on he back ) I be sorry . they young cop give Adam a hand up . Adam stare at the cop . adam ( tear in he eye ) I be sorry . clerk get out ! Adam scurries out of the mini-mart , the cop watch in confusion . ext . mini -mart as Adam race back to he car , the " suit " move in on he . suit the wife 's begging I for one . how 's the mileage . Adam jump in the van , quickly start it up . lois where 's the candy ? adam there be no candy ! lois what do you mean ? it 's it 's a goddamn mini-mart ?! kide dad ?! Adam , in a cold sweat , haul out of the Gas Station , pull into traffic , nearly get hit , slam on the brake , lois rocket face -forward into the dashboard . fisher &amp ; liz' rehearsal dinner - cocktail reception series of shot : Fisher and Liz greet they guest . Moore smoke alone at the bar . boyd and Michael charm a group of old lady . Adam arrive with he family , Adam Jr. , timmy and ... lois sport a nose cast and two very black eye . boyd and Adam check each other out ; hostile and suspicious . Adam take Fisher aside . adam have you think about what I say ? fisher Jesus Adam , can we not get into this now please ? adam I get a migraine like a little monkey kick in the side of my skull , Mike tyson with a fuck sledge hammer try to crack ... fisher ( cut he off ) I get you . adam ( daze ) where 's the bathroom ? int . rehearsal dinner - night a large dining room in a westside restaurant have be take over by the wedding party . seventy - five guest , dress up , be into the dessert . the toast be about halfway over . mr. fisher stand in the middle of the room with the large blow - up picture of keith at different stage of he life . mr. fisher ( hold picture of keith , age 4 , on a mule ) and this be keith at age four and he best friend " bunker the mule . " evidently , when they be in camp , keith and boyd get into some serious argument over exactly who be keith 's best friend -- boyd or the mule . Mr. Fisher hold up a photo of a young Fisher and young boyd , both scrappy and bloody from a fist fight . boyd sit with Moore at a table . boyd Fisher have a less than normal relationship with that donkey . fisher ( seat next to Liz ) you always be a jealous man . Mr. Fisher hold up a picture of keith , boyd , Moore and Michael all in a peewee football uniform . mr. fisher after camp come football , and for that of you not follow the sport page back in 1977 , you might not remember the peewee powerhouse Oklahoma , who , under the brilliant leadership of you 's truly , roll to a auspicious league record of 0 - 12 scoring exactly zero touchdown . tight on Adam , look extremely uncomfortable , surround by he family . michael the problem be coach . poor leadership . as the room laugh , Adam become visibly upset . not keep it together . boyd the problem be we quarterback have trouble remember he right from leave ... fisher no , the problem , as I recall , be the lack of block ... as the guy debate , in front of the room , who 's fault Oklahoma 's 0 - 12 season really be . tight on Adam . he 's have enough , excuse himself from the table . tight on Fisher , see Adam , he quietly excuse himself . ext . beach restaurant - night Adam stand by he car try to compose himself . Fisher approach . fisher you all right ? adam I can not fuck breathe . I be sorry . boyd , follow by Michael exit the restaurant . boyd ( approach ) ok . definitely not cool ! definitely inappropriate behavior here . fisher shut up boyd . boyd negative . this be not what we have work out in term of present behavior . fisher he 's have a problem here . michael what 's the problem Adam ? Moore join the group . moore what 's the problem ? all eye on Adam , who 's eye be start to tear up . boyd what be you problem ? adam I can not do this . pause . moore can not do what ? adam we be gonna get catch . I know we be gonna get catch . they be eyeball my car . boyd what ? adam at the seven-eleven . boyd who ? what be you talk about ? adam they be on I . they be smoking I out ! boyd ( shout ) nobody 's smoking anybody out . fisher shut up . moore quiet . Liz be at the door of the restaurant . liz keith ? be everything okay , honey ? Fisher bolt over to Liz . fisher yeah baby . everything 's great . liz well , can you come back inside ? fisher ( not move ) yeah . sure . liz now ? fisher yeah . look honey , I will be right in . I just ... we be just take care of some groomsman last minute business . Mr. Fisher approach . mr. fisher everything okay ? fisher yeah , dad . it 's great . mr. fisher well , I be in the middle of my goddamn toast here . fisher ok , ok . you guy just go back in . dad , keep go with the toast , we will be right in . go on . Fisher usher he father and Liz back inside , then turn , to quickly head back to the parking lot where thing be escalate . parking lot boyd ( on Adam ) you get some mighty fuck fine bad timing Adam . we get a rehearsal situation here . adam I do not give a damn . michael about anybody but yourself . you never have . adam and you be a little fuck reject . michael eat my ass ! michael kick adam' minivan adam hey ! Michael kick it again , harder . Adam shove he . adam if you ever touch my minivan again , I will make you sorry . Real sorry . michael you be a loser . adam you be the loser ! a big black hole suck up everything you touch ! you murdered that girl ! murderer ! murderer ! michael you be the loser ! you think you shit 's so fuck righteous ! fuck you ! you be there with we , boy ! right there ! side by fucking side !!! fisher shut up ! boyd shut you fuck mouth !!! boyd and Fisher separate the brother . adam ( freaking ) I do not do anything ! I will turn you pathetic ass in ! boyd Adam ! calm down . adam I will not calm down . I can not do this . we can not do this . it will not work . it will not work . boyd it have work . adam I be talk about DNA sample , fiber optic , search party , they get infrared scanner , FBI scientist . they figure this shit out . they always figure it out . boyd they will not figure it out . adam I get child . I have get a life . michael you get a retarded kid and a fat pig wife . adam you fuck bastard ! Adam attack Michael , slashing , bite , maul , the brother 's go down hard , slugging it out on the ground . ext restaurant Liz be back at the restaurant door . liz keith ?! Fisher bolt over to Liz . fisher everything 's ok . just some more preparation . liz be they fight ? fisher no baby . we will all be right in . Fisher push she inside and charge back to the ... parking lot Fisher help break the fight . Adam and Michael try to contain they rage . boyd this be go to stop right now . right now ! michael ( seethe ) you will not screw this up . adam do not you threaten I you little rat fuck . michael do not you fuck threaten I -- I will fuck kill you . adam go home ! michael you go home ! boyd pull Michael to he car . boyd why do not you just cool out . go home and go to sleep . boyd open Michael 's car door , put he in . boyd just go home , chill the fuck out . okay ? Michael start he car . boyd shut the car door . boyd just go home . michael , eyeball Adam . Adam eyeball he right back . Michael hit the gas and screech away . boyd all right . let 's all go back in . Adam ? you be cool right ? adam no. I be not boyd . I be not cool at all . reluctantly , they start back in . a hundred or so foot away , Michael 's car come to a abrupt stop . they all turn . Michael turn he car around , idle for a moment . int . michael' car Michael in a trance , stare at the guy watch he . michael Mr. Fucking minivan ... he hit the gas . ext parking lot wheel spin , rubber burn . the guy watch as Michael speed full throttle , like a batter ram , right at Adam 's beloved minivan . adam noooo !!!! Adam jump between the minivan and Michael 's car . int . michael' car Michael 's expression turn to horror . he slam on the brake , but it 's too late . ext . parking lot Michael 's car crush Adam like a sandwich meat between he car and the minivan . Metal , flesh , severe limb , Adam explode like a gnat . CUT to : the horrified expression of boyd , moore and fisher int . ucla emergency - waiting room Chaos . the room be fill with people from the rehearsal dinner . Black -ey , nose break , lois sob , surround by she kid and Liz . boyd and Fisher talk to the police . boyd it be just a crazy freak accident . he think the car be in reverse ... he do not realize . the cop take note . michael sit in a corner by himself . ghost white . tremble . cop be there some sort of a argument ? fisher no. nothing like that . cop we hear there be some argue go on . some loud talk . boyd no. no . we be just all outside just talk . cop what be you talk about ? boyd the wedding . we be talk bout how it be go to be one of the last time for we to all be together with Fisher not be marry ... cop a lot of people seem to think there be some hostility out there . boyd ( get righteous ) well I can not really comment on what " a lot of people " think . I can only tell you that we have a horrible accident here and be all feel extremely traumatize and you question be a bit poorly time . we be in full on grieve mode right now thank you very much Officer ... randone . fisher easy boyd . boyd no easy boyd ! I get a best friend in there in piece . how about a little sensitivity ? boyd storm off , go and sit with Michael . Fisher stay with the cop . cop that 's all I want to know . a doctor appear in the doorway . doctor his situation be critical . he 's ask to speak to he wife . shot of the guy eyeing each other nervously as lois slowly get up and follow the Doctor into a treatment room . the guy move to the door , where they can see lois , lean over the hospital bed , talk to Adam . Pov guy Adam hook up to dozen of wire , etc ... lois lean over to kiss he . Adam appear to be whisper something to she . on the guy watch Adam speak to lois ... nervous . Pov guy lois have she ear to Adam 's mouth . he be clearly speak to she . lois be sobbing when ... alarm go off in adam' room . a medical team rush into the room . Adam be a v-tach -- heart 's not beat . the team inject medicine , defribulate . lois watch in horror as she husband die in front of she ... finally a doctor call time of death . lois collapse on the floor . waiting room the guy have witness Adam 's death . Michael turn in horror . boyd , Fisher and Moore stare . Liz rush to Fisher , throw she arm around he , overcome with grief . int . denny' - late night Fisher , boyd , Moore and Michael eat egg . boyd the need to know be clear . what do Adam tell lois ? that 's the name of the game . what do Adam tell lois ? what do lois know ? michael Ball park sausage . boyd you want some breakfast meat , Michael . be that what you want ? michael ( clearly start to crack ) franco Harris have a flare for the dramatic . the former Pittsburgh steeler run back , beat know for " the immaculate reception , " he improbable sixty yard ricochet reception . I say ricochet reception have make a bold move on corporate America . ( inappropriately loud ) Harris have lead a group of investor in the purchase of the Park sausage company . by take on the challenge of resurrecting Park 's , Harris be engage in the equivalent of a sudden death overtime . boyd easy Michael . michael ( on a roll ) he must take a open-field run to profitability through excessive debt large competitor and dwindling market share . before the clock run out . customer be start to pay notice . moore shut up Michael . michael ( scream ) I kill my brother ! all eye on Michael . boyd be immediately up try to get Michael out of the booth . casually , sweetly ... boyd okay . time to fly . Fisher help boyd lift Michael , who be become more and more frenzied . michael I run down my brother in cold blood . shame on I ! shame ! shame ! shame ! waitress , cook and late night dinners stare , confuse as the howling Michael be carry to the door . michael ( struggle ) time to pay the man . " for if we confess we sin he be faithful and just , to forgive we we sin , and to cleanse we from all unrighteousness . " Fisher and boyd struggle with Michael . fisher ( tipping waitress ) thank you . she watch they haul Michael outside . Pov waitress Michael thrashes wildly in the parking lot . ext parking lot michael " kill one man and you be a murderer ! kill million and you be a conqueror -- kill all and you be a God ! " Michael break free , start run away . boyd , Moore and Fisher give chase . Moore dive on Michael 's back . Fisher help Moore hold Michael down while boyd get the car . michael ( calming down ) " the memory of the just be bless but the name of the wick shall rot . " boyd be there with the car . they load Michael into the back seat , climb in and disappear into the night . int . car - drive boyd drive , Fisher ride shotgun , Moore 's in the back try to contain Michael . boyd you will get yourself together here mister . be you hearing I ? Michael , now catatonic , stare out the window . fisher he 's crack up . boyd he be not crack up . fisher boyd ... what have we do ? boyd what do you ask I ? fisher what ? boyd what be the question you ask I ? fisher I say , what have we do ? boyd yes , you do . now that be the question ! that be exactly the question we should be ask ourselves . you tell I Fisher . what have we do ? fisher I do not know ! I just want to get marry . boyd say it again . fisher what ? boyd what you just say . say it again . fisher I just want to get marry . boyd exactly ! exactly my point . moore what 's you fuck point ? boyd I be not talk to you ? fisher what 's you point ? boyd you want to know what you be do here ?! you be love pump . you be protect all that be sacred and beautiful and in sync with poetry and sunset and little newborn baby . you be walk the walk . this be it Fisher , the real stuff . you love this woman . Love be second to nothing . I love you . I love Moore . I love Michael . this car be full of love , and nothing -- absolutely nothing -- supersede love , man . nothing . we will do what it take . whatever it take . boyd take Fisher 's head in he hand and kiss he deeply on the mouth . boyd Love do not lose . tight on Fisher , speechless . fade out : fade in on : adam' funeral - grave site a jewish ceremony . a hundred or so guest . a rabbi conduct the service . lois sit in shock flanke by she boy . Michael , Fisher , boyd and Moore stand in position of honor up front . they be all eyeing each other . Michael start emit deep , uncontrollable , highly inappropriate moan . boyd easy Michael . Michael can not control himself as he body start to seize and tremble . Moore and boy attempt to stabilize Michael who break away , charge over to lois and bury he head in she lap sobbing deeply . everyone be stunne but the rabbi continue . int . kitchen - night Liz and Fisher . liz ( hysterical ) cancel ?! cancel ?! be you out of you fuck mind ?! fisher nobody 's say cancel . I be talk about modify . liz no way . fisher can we just talk this out ? liz talk what out ? we be lock and load here . we be non-refundable . I have get relative on the airport right now ! I have get ... the phone ring . Fisher freeze . liz answer it ! Fisher pick up the phone . fisher hello ? int . lois ' house lois on the phone , near hysteria . lois keith . it 's lois . I just find a note up in Adam 's study . it 's some kind of crazy confession about kill a stripper and cut up body and ... int . canter coffee shop tight on fisher fisher ( explain ) ... bury they outside of Vegas , about boyd be the ring leader ... she want to know what the hell be go on and I be start to freak out here . boyd , Moore and Michael , look particularly traumatize , be seat at a booth with Fisher . michael we be goose . boyd we be not goose . moore what 's goose ? boyd what be she disposition ? fisher regard what ? boyd do she sound piss , scared , hostile ? do she mention the police ? fisher no , but she 's definitely piss and hostile . and she 's clearly start to think that 's something 's not right . Michael start sobbing uncontrollably . michael we be goose ! goose by God ! boyd Michael get a grip . ( to Fisher ) what do you tell she ? fisher I tell she that I have no idea what Adam be talk about in that letter . moore do she believe you ? fisher I have no idea . moore you can tell when people believe you . it 's obvious . fisher well I do not have that skill and if I have to guess I would say that in no way do she believe I . michael ( scream ) goose ! boyd stop it ! michael goose ! people be stare . boyd stop . michael goose ! boyd ( to Moore ) give I the valium . moore he just have two . boyd give I two more . Moore count out two valium , hand they to boyd as michael continue to freak . boyd ( to Michael ) open sesame . Michael comply like a puppy . fisher Jesus boyd you be go to o.d. he . boyd suck my ass . int . lois ' kitchen tight on lois , bust nose , eye black . lois I never like you boyd . you be a snaky little fuck . always have be . wide on the guy , seat around a little breakfast table . Michael 's in a valium stupor . boyd what be you talk about ? lois do not sweet lip I . boyd I do not understand where this personal attack be come from ... lois you be a liar . I want to know what happen in Vegas . boyd nothing happen in Vegas . lois I do not want to hear it from the liar . stick a plug in it boyd . Fisher ? what happen in Vegas ? fisher ( beat ) nothing happen in Vegas . lois ( not buy it ) Moore ? moore ( sheepish ) nothing happen . Michael start back in with the power sobbing . all eye be on he . guilty , uncomfortable silence . Michael 's come unglue . lois Michael ? do you have something to tell I ? boyd Michael . tell lois that nothing ... lois shut up boyd ! Michael ? all eye on Michael . michael ( quiet ) goose . Fisher struggle to breathe . boyd tense up . lois what ? michael lois we be bad , we be very , very bad . boyd he 's upset about Adam . we be all upset . lois I will call the police right now if I do not start get some answer . boyd lois please . she head for the phone . lois fuck you boyd . the guy be freaking as she pick up the phone . boyd look at the kitchen knife . Fisher see he , intervene quickly ... fisher okay . lois ... here 's the deal . ( beat ) Adam be with a prostitute in Las Vegas . lois freeze , put down the phone . boyd and Moore look stunne at Fisher -- good lie . lois what ? fisher I be sorry he be unfaithful to you . boyd and it be not the first time ... he have a thing about prostitute . Fisher give boyd a look . lois start to choke up . lois ( crush ) my Adam ? lois crumble before they eye . boyd we be sorry . lois start sobbing . Michael join in . Adam Jr. and timmy appear in the door , in they pajamas , awaken by the noise . see they mother in tear , they start to sob . the room be fill with anguish tear . boyd give lois a glass of water and a valium . ext . lois ' house Fisher and Moore load Michael into the car . boyd lean into the back window . Adam Jr. and timmy be in the backseat , still in they p.j. 's . boyd mommy just need a little time out . everything 's gonna be okay . okay ? ( the boy do not answer ) okay . Fisher start to get in the car , boyd pull he aside , very wound up . boyd after you drop the kid off , take Michael home . put a few drink in he so he will sleep . fisher I do not think that 's such a good idea . boyd just do it . fisher what be you go to do ? boyd take care of business . fisher ( accuse ) what do that mean ? boyd and what do that mean ? ( off no response ) be you insane ?! ( whisper ) you think I would hurt lois ?! she 's the mother of that kid ! what be wrong with you ? fisher I do not know ... boyd you get a nasty side to you think process . time CUT to : int . fisher and liz' house tight on Fisher . fisher I be sorry . honey ... it 's just for tonight . Liz be in she robe , none too pleased . Adam Jr. and timmy sit in the b.g. at the kitchen table eat cookie and milk . fisher lois be a mess and Michael 's really upset . everyone 's upset . liz we be not cancel . fisher I know . liz I will not even discuss it . fisher no one 's discuss it . I be just gonna run Michael home . I will be right back . liz I need you to pick up the cake tomorrow . fisher do not we already have someone to do that for we ? liz yeah . you . fisher okay . okay . Fisher kiss Liz and go . int . bar Dark , smoky , music . Michael , Fisher and Moore sit in a corner booth . michael ( finger in he ear ) do you hear buzzing fish ? fisher buzz ? michael yeah . I get some kind of buzzing . like a zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz thing just chipping away in the back of my skull . fisher I do not hear it . michael yeah , well , it 's a nasty problem . fisher have another drink . int . adam and lois ' house - night tracking shot down hallway into bedroom where lois sleep peacefully . int . bar - night Fisher and Michael . Moore , drink , just listen . michael dad use to bring home this sparkler to I and Adam . out back we would light them up . the three of we . we would hold them up to the sky and watch the explosion of light . spark . and dad would be all ... " get ready " ... " watch for it " ... " here it come , " here come the " wahoo " fisher the wahoo ? michael the sparkler would burn hot , then hotter , then even hotter ... and there would be one moment of pure burn when that little fucker would cook just perfect . perfect . it would only last a second , but that second be it . it be it . that 's what dad have we look for ... you get I ? fisher the wahoo moment ? michael that 's my point ! you see man ... burn at he absolute . to see all the force just come together , just right , you know , just in perfect harmony . that 's what I be drive at . you get I ? fisher I think so . michael I have be look for that flash and I look and I look and I can not find it . and what if I already have it ? you know . my moment ? what if it 's go ? and I never see it ? ( finish drink ) you be get marry , man . that 's a fuck beautiful thing . just a beautiful thing . I just can not stop break beautiful thing . int . lois ' house - night lois ' bedroom . as lois sleep , boyd softly enter the room . move in on the sleep lois , another couple of step , he loom over she , reach he hand to she throat when , suddenly , lois ' eye snap open . boyd be startle . lois grab mace from she night stand and spray boyd in the face . he moan , stumble back . lois leap on he like a shark slamm a side of beef . they go down hard on the floor and start fight like wild animal . lois you pick the wrong woman mother - fucker ! as lois sink she tooth into boyd 's ball . back at the bar michael you see for I it 's over . over baby . I be gonna turn myself in . after the wedding of course . after the wedding . out of respect . moore I do not think that 's a good idea . michael I say out of respect . respect for you Fisher . for you and you wedding and you beautiful bride . there will be no more rain . you see where I be here ? fisher I appreciate it . I do , but ... maybe you ought to just ease up on yourself a bit . michael no. no. no . this be my do . you see I be gonna have my wahoo spark for my own . for lois and the kid , for my brother , for franco . I be gonna turn myself in . I be all that . I be gonna do it for sweet lois . lois ' bedroom boyd and lois be choke the live shit out of each other . boyd pull back , swing with a leave , lois duck , she swing , a right cross to boyd eye . he go down . she jump on he . choke he like a mad dog . as boyd struggle for air ... the bar Fisher check he watch as Michael fumble with he eighth shot of yukon Jack . michael if I be to think ... if I be to think ... no I mean I have thinke it over ... I have . and without put a lot of pressure on you I just ... well I just ... fisher what be it ? michael ( drunk -slow ) well if you do think about name ... Michael 's a pretty good one ... it 's do I all right . Michael 's eye bore into Fisher , like he know something Fisher do not . Fisher 's cell phone ring . fisher ( answer ) yeah . int . lois ' bedroom tight on boyd , eye swell , scratch mark , hair a crazy mess . boyd ( into the phone ) okay . here 's the deal and it 's a good one . lois be cool . it 's a pacify situation . intercut boyd and fisher fisher what do that mean ? Michael stare at Fisher . boyd I be talk about lois have relaxed she anxiety . only deal be ... you still get Michael there ? fisher yeah . boyd good deal . lois just want to hear it from Michael . fisher hear what ? boyd that it be all a accident . she want to here it from Michael 's mouth . fisher now ? Michael drunkenly nod he head as if can hear the conversation . boyd that 's right . fisher be not it a little late ? boyd hold on a sec. ( turn ) lois , you sure you would not rather do this in the morning ? pan over to see lois , half hang off the bed , strangle to death . boyd win . boyd ( back into phone ) she say now 's the time . ( quietly ) I get a peace treaty thing happen over here ... let 's get this over with . ext . lois ' house Fisher 's car pull up . boyd be wait outside . he open the back door . Michael be drunk in the back . Fisher and Moore be up front . boyd okay Michael , let 's go . ( help he out ) upsy daisy big guy . michael ( hammer ) how about my fatburger ? boyd come on tough guy . listen to I . ( take michael face in he hand ) you be go to tell lois that it be all a accident . okay cowboy ? you get I ? michael I love you . moore he 's too drunk . boyd he 's fine . okay mikey , let 's go . ( to Fisher and Moore ) you guy stay here . boyd lead Michael into the house . int . car Fisher and Moore wait in silence ... moore ( beat ) I be think about maybe make a move . fisher a move ? moore greenpeace . fisher greenpeace ? moore maybe go up to the North pole , the Arctic . tag polar bear with dart gun . I have always have a pretty good aim ... a " pop " resound from within the house . Moore and Fisher lock eye , freeze . boyd come jogging out the front door , hop in the back seat . Fisher and Moore turn , eye wide . boyd Michael be have a affair with lois . that 's what Michael and Adam be argue about in the parking lot . Michael kill Adam in a jealous rage . lois break it off with Michael , he strangle she to death and then shot himself in the head . ( beat ) happens all the time . boyd touch the painful scratch on he face . boyd that lois fight like a fuck comanche . on Fisher and Moore in stunne horror ... int . law firm tight on barry morris , mid - 40' , attorney . barry morris I do not see how this could have be keep from you . the fact be quite simple ; last month Adam and lois change they will . they request that you two , as a marry couple , be the custodian of record for they estate include all property , cash holding , security holding and ... child . you be legal custodian of the brenn trust . angle on Liz and Fisher , flanke by Adam Jr. and timmy , eye wide , they sit across from the attorney , totally bazooka would . they stare in horror at Morris . liz my god . barry morris there 's more . fisher more ? barry morris Adam and lois be not terribly prudent in term of provide for the possibility of the unforeseen . fisher what be you talk about ? barry morris I be talk about life insurance . I be talk about money . liz money ? barry morris yes money . Adam have a five hundred thousand dollar term life insurance policy . pause . liz what do that mean ? fisher that mean we get five hundred thousand to help raise the kid . liz ( amaze ) no. fisher yes . barry morris actually , no . Adam be switch to a Whole life policy , but re-schedule he medical exam ... and fail to make he last payment ... so he term life lapse . so it 's value be null and void . ( off Liz 's horror ) now he do have a pension account , worth another 150 thousand . liz ( relieved ) well , oh ... barry morris and a house . value at 350 thousand . liz so where 's that leave we ? fisher 150 plus 350 ... we still get 500 thousand . barry morris ( beat ) no . not even close . with property value down , the house be worth 100,000 less than 450 he pay for it . with three credit card , the minivan payment , and other outstanding debt ... plus the income and estate tax assess on he ira ... ( punch he calculator ) you will get , oh ... in the neighborhood of , ah ... 14,223 dollar . Adam Jr. suddenly slip off he chair , land flat on he back , start struggle to get up . Fisher try to help Little Adam up . little adam get away from I ! fisher I be just try to help ... little adam I do not want you help ! fisher stop kick . stop kick ! Fisher manage to get Adam Jr. back up in he chair . Liz look rather horrify . barry morris ( break the tension ) so . when be the wedding . liz tomorrow ( at Fisher ) we be get marry tomorrow . int . car Fisher drive , Liz up front , Adam jr. and timmy in the back . everyone be shocked in silence . Fisher look deathly ill , like he 's about to vomit . he pull the car over and get out . ext . fisher' car Fisher lean on the trunk , puke . Liz get out to help he , he start cry . Liz be gentle and loving . liz it 's okay ... it 's okay baby . Cry for mama . Cry for mama . fisher no it 's not okay . it 's not . the kid watch from the rear view window but can not hear . liz Cry for boom boom . it 's okay . fisher ( sobbing ) Liz we have get to cancel , we have to put it off . liz ( ice ) do not even . fisher do you love I ? liz what ? fisher do you love I ? liz what kind of stupid question be that ? fisher ( break down ) oh god. we. liz. we. we. kill a woman . we ... liz what be you talk about ? fisher ( completely hysterical ) oh liz. we. God . we , in Vegas . Michael crush she skull . she be dead . there be nothing else to do . it be a accident . liz who 's dead ? fisher the prostitute . liz you fuck a prostitute ? fisher no Michael do . it be a accident . liz you kill a prostitute . fisher Michael , by accident . liz call the police . fisher it 's too late . liz my God . you have get to call the police , tell they it be a accident . where be she ? fisher she 's in the desert . she 's out in the desert . liz you leave a dead prostitute out in the desert ? alone ? fisher she 's not alone ... she 's ... boyd ... oh God ... he 's go nut ... he kill lois and Michael ... it 's all ... liz stop ! you stop right here . I do not want to know anymore . I tell you not to do this bachelor Party thing . you be warn . fisher but ... liz no but . I tell you you friend be jackass . fisher but ... liz no but . I have wait twenty - seven year , twenty - seven year I have focus and prepare to walk down that aisle . I will not be derail ! I will not be embarrassed ! I will not be deny ! I be walk down that aisle tomorrow come hell or high fuck water ! Liz march back to the car , get in and slam the door . Fisher just stare in shock . ext . / int . church - fisher and liz' wedding it 's pour rain outside . Shots of guest dash from they car to the church . Fisher 's parent with Adam Jr. and timmy , look overwhelm . upstair : Liz and she bridesmaid help Liz get dress . everyone look depressed . int . church basement Fisher and Moore in tuxedo . boyd enter , shut the door . Fisher look ill . boyd okay , we be about two minute out . Moore , better take you position . Moore look at Fisher . boyd chop chop . Moore go . a long tense beat between Fisher and boyd . boyd this be a situation that defy judgement . we have act and show courage that be not of a kind know by most . fisher I be get really tired of you bullshit . boyd my what ? fisher you have get a warpe think process . you brain do not function properly . boyd you care to add a little specification to that slanderous accusation ? fisher ( snap ) I be talk about some bad , bad , very bad thing . bad thing ! that be bad fuck thing ! boyd okay fine . fisher Fine ? Fine what ? boyd whatever you say kojak . fisher I be serious . boyd I be serious . I be the serious one here . I be the one make the play . I be the indian runner . and I want my money . int . church the organ be play . the guest be seat . Liz and she father be wait in the front hall . liz I tell boyd two fuck minute ! int . church basement - cont 'd fisher what money ? boyd blood money . insurance dollar that you have thus fuck far decide not to tell I about at all . in no way have you mention that money . and I find that to be very very offensive . fisher you be sick . boyd ( vein pulsing ) and if you think you can fuck I , do not . Cause I be fuck insulate Fisher . protected . back up on floppy . do you get I ? I want my fuck money ! fisher not a prayer . boyd I be a lifesaver . a lighthouse . up all night in the rain , in stormy gale force wind , tornado and fuck earthquake . I stay light for you . I stay light . I do not go dark . I never go dark ! fisher you need help . Fisher turn away . boyd combust . he leap on Fisher with a wild cry . boyd I want that money ! boyd and fisher fight like animal ; choke , pound , maul , a fight to the death . Fisher be lose , boyd be choke the life out of he , kill he . Fisher be go down , eye roll back , he 's die , until ... crash . boyd 's head be cave in from behind . reveal Liz wield a big , heavy crucifix . boyd slump to the ground . Fisher gasp for air . boyd stir . Liz beat he repeatedly with the crucifix until he 's dead as a door knob . Fisher be stunne . Liz toss the cross . miraculously , only one perfect droplet of blood have get on she wedding dress . she flick it off with she finger . liz ( compose herself ) here come the bride . Liz gather up she train and march out . Fisher look at boyd , a bloody dead mess . the wedding Fisher join Moore at the alter . judge tower smile warmly at Fisher . moore where 's boyd ? fisher ( whisper ) downstair in the closet . before Moore can ask , the organ begin play the wedding MARCH . Liz start down the aisle , escort by she father , she smile radiantly . Liz 's father kiss she and give she to Fisher . they stand before the judge who start talk . tight on Fisher . his head pound . he hear none of what the judge say until ... judge tower May we have the ring please ? fisher what ? judge tower the ring ? Fisher look at Moore . int . church basement Moore open the closet . boyd fall out . int . church everyone wait patiently . Fisher be sweat . he look at Liz who stare straight ahead . int . church basement Moore roll boyd over , check every pocket , try not to get blood on himself . int . church Moore return . moore get them . he hand the ring to the judge , at which time , he , she , Fisher and Liz all see blood on he white shirt cuff . the judge look at Moore . he pull he jacket sleeve down . judge tower ( continue ) this ring represent the commitment Fisher and Liz make to each other on the day . Fisher do you take Liz to be you beloved wife , to respect , honor and cherish till death do you part ? fisher I do . Liz slide the ring on Fisher 's finger . judge tower Liz do you take Fisher to be you beloved husband , to respect , honor and cherish he till death do you part ? liz I do . Fisher slide the ring on Liz 's finger . judge tower I now pronounce you husband and wife . Fisher kiss Liz . they turn to face they guest who applaud . Liz cry tear of joy . wedding reception - tent next to church Liz drink champagne and talk with she guest . ext . church - rear Fisher and Moore load boyd 's body in the trunk of Fisher 's car . moore he come to I early today , be talk about money , insurance money . Said he be gonna get what be he . fisher my God ... moore he say he be the Brain trust . Said he be smarter than all of we . he start read " atlas shrugge , " stare at himself in the mirror . fisher do he try to kiss you ? moore all week long . Fisher slam the trunk close . wedding reception - much later only a few guest remain . Fisher 's parent watch the boy . the caterer be clean up . Fisher and Liz sit alone . fisher he keep say he be protect . liz what do that mean ? fisher like if something happen to he , he could still get we . liz like how ? fisher I do not know . he could have tell someone . he could have , like in the event of he death , somehow let someone know where that body be bury . liz the only proof be that body . fisher so what do we do ? liz move the body . fisher move the body ? old man ( o.s. ) Excuse we ? Fisher and Liz look up at a sweet old couple , who talk at the same time , oblivious to each other . old man we just want to say congratulation and wish you great happiness . mazeltov . I just do . I say malzeltov . you never listen to I . old woman we be you uncle Henry 's parent . opal and Earl . tell they from both of we . malzeltov . wish they luck . the secret to a good marriage be to listen . liz ( cheerleader smile ) thank you . thank you . we will . bye bye . the Old couple shuffles away . Fisher watch they go , he suddenly break down , cry ... fisher I ... Liz ... all I ever want , be for you to be happy . I just want to give you the wedding , the life you always dream of ... ( sob ) ... I just love you so much ... so much ... liz ( beat ; unmove ) you and Moore move the body and bury boyd with they . in fact , put Moore in the ground too . fisher what ? liz if you do not tie up all the lose end it will never be over . fisher ( horrify ) no ... liz you put he down or do not bother come back . fisher but ... liz do you love I ? do you love I ?! off Fisher ... ext . highway - night Fisher 's car blast past a road sign read , " Las Vegas , 358 mile . " int . fisher' car Fisher drive , Moore 's in the passenger seat . they be still in they tuxedo . extreme silence . Fisher , almost in a trance . moore you alright ? fisher yeah . I be think about Michael 's franco Harris fixation . you know how Michael be always harping " immaculate reception ? " I have see that play . a lot of time ... and I have to say this ... franco be lucky . flat out , right place , right time . that 's it . he be where the ball bounce . you get I ? moore I guess . fisher I be say it 's luck . all luck . you work you entire life , all the training , focus , all the dedication , all irrelevant . where do the ball bounce ? my father spend he whole life try to start a company , practice every day , work like a dog , finally get enough money . he 's pay the due , he 's ready , do all the market research , pick he shot -- " pup corn . " moore pup corn ? fisher that 's right , " pup corn . " doggie treat . Little snack for dog . he 's figure it out . there be a hole in the market and he 's go to fill it . spend all out money , work himself into not two but three heart attack get this shit up . after fifteen month , the big day arrive , the first box of " pup corn " pop off the belt . he come run home with that box , pull we out of school . we all pile into the live room , must be fifty of we , and in come " shelmer , " we 8 year old mutt . " here shelmer , " my dad cry . he 's get that little fuck pup corn in he hand , " here girl . " this dog will eat anything , she eat rock , anything . she walk 's up to my dad 's hand , look down at the little pellet , lick it once , turn around , walk out of the room . shelmer reject the " pup corn . " Fifteen month of my dad 's life , right there . not one dog eat pup corn . not one . Three month later , " pup corn " shut down . chapter eleven . my father never get over it . never . silence hang again . ext . desert - later Fisher and Moore search for the grave of Tina and Ralph with flashlight and shovel . fisher I think it be over here . they move into a new area and start poke around . nothing . moore it be over by that rock . again they search , prodding into earth with they shovel . nothing . Fisher stop digging , tired , he pause , shine he light around until ... fisher there . moore where ? Fisher move to a new spot . fisher there . this rock be where I stand when I say the prayer . he start digging in front of the rock . the earth be soft . fisher bingo . Moore and Fisher quickly start to dig , until , finally , Moore 's shovel make contact . moore get it . and they dig some more . dissolve : moore in the hole , pass the suitcase up to Fisher . dissolve : fisher load the case into the car . ext . new burial site the suitcase be unload . Fisher and Moore dig a new grave . Moore 's back be to Fisher as he dig . moore I have be think about what you say that day . the prayer . about use this whole mess to bring out the good in I ... Fisher be directly above Moore , hold the shovel , look down at the back of Moore 's head . fisher yeah ? moore I think there 's a lot of truth in that . I be gonna pursue some option . I want to join that Big brother thing . fisher ( slowly raise the shovel over he head ) that 's a good one . moore I want a black one . a little black brother . that 's a big problem it seem to I . lack of racial integration . that 's a big one . you think ? Moore look up to ... fisher , tear run down he face , the shovel high above he head , ready to bring it down hard onto Moore 's skull . moore confuse and then realization ... CUT between Fisher above , poise to strike , Moore below , still and vulnerable . they eye lock for several beat . finally ... moore what do you think ? slowly , Fisher lower he shovel . fisher I think you would make a excellent Big brother . moore ( back to work ) that 's what I be think . dissolve : the grave - later the case be in the hole with boyd 's body . as Fisher and Moore re-fill the grave with dirt we ... slowly dissolve to : int . fisher be car - highway - night Fisher drive , Moore ride shotgun , both mean be dirty , sweaty and tired . moore well that ought to be about the end of that . fisher yup . tight on Fisher , stare deep into the road , a faint smile creep on to he face ... dissolve to : the immaculate reception the distort but definitely recognizable image of franco Harris run for he life . announcer ( v.o. ) and it 's franco Harris run for ... franco make it into the raider end zone . announcer ( v.o. ) a touchdown for pittsburgh ! unbelievable ! CUT back to : fisher lose in he reverie , wake up in a hair pin turn . the speedometer read 80 . they run out of road . the car skid on the shoulder , Fisher crank the wheel , jump the divider , into oncoming headlight . Fisher and Moore light up bright ... highway Fisher 's car smashes head - on into another car . in slow motion Fisher and Moore be launch through the windshield in a implosion of glass and steel , flesh and blood . CUT to black : we hear the sound of scrubbing . slow fade up : int . fisher house - bathroom - day tight on Liz , on she hand and knee , scrubbing around the toilet of what be clearly a filthy kid bathroom ; soile jockey short , tonka truck , mess everywhere . o.s. we hear voice outside . Liz get up off she knee , brushes a piece of hair from she sweaty face and peer out the bathroom window . tight on fisher ext . back yard fisher okay let 's try it again . Adam Jr. and timmy , in ill-fitted cub scout uniform , recite the " scout law . " timmy a scout be thrifty , save for the future . a scout be clean , he keep he body ... adam JR . a scout be brave . a scout can face danger , even if he 's afraid ... fisher let 's see the salute ! timmy snap out a fine salute . Adam balance on one crutch to salute but loose balance and fall flat on he face . he start scream . reveal Fisher , in a wheelchair , both leg amputate above the knee . he lean over , try to help Adam Jr. up and he wheel chair tip over . Fisher fall on top of Adam Jr. who scream even louder , flail arm and leg like a turtle on its back . reveal Moore , in a electric wheel chair he operate with a mouthpiece . as he be paralyze from the neck down , he 's no help at all . timmy suddenly snap . timmy ( to Adam Jr. ) shut up ! shut the fuck up ! fisher it 's okay , it 's okay . the bathroom window Liz watch the pathetic chaos that be she life with the dull lifeless eye of a concentration camp prisoner . fisher ( o.s. ) timmy shut up ! help you brother ! adam ! let he help you ! tight on Liz as she mouth slowly open in a anguish silent scream . out the window - down in the back yard Adam Jr. get back on he foot , with the begrudge help of timmy . as Fisher struggle to hoist himself up , back in he wheelchair ... fisher remember a scout be helpful ! a scout do not scream in the face of adversity . suddenly , o.s. from the bathroom , Liz wail . Fisher look up at the window ... long beat ... fisher ( to the boy ) okay , let 's skip to the scout 's oath ... adam jr. &amp ; timmy on my honor , I will do my best ... the boy recite the " scout 's oath " as Liz 's deep , heaving , wail sob grow in intensity o.c. adam jr. &amp ; timmy ...to do my duty to God and my country ... to obey the scout Law , to help other people at all time ... slowly pull off Fisher , Moore and the kid ... adam jr. &amp ; timmy to keep myself physically strong , mentally awake , and morally straight . crane up , past Liz at the window , out of the yard , over the house , wider to reveal the surround track - like home , housing track - like family , with track - like nightmare as Liz 's plaintiff wail echo the communal despair of the human village . CUT to black : the end