vicky cristina barcelona by Woody Allen Iris out to : ext . barcelona airport - day fs - the wall of the airport be a brightly color mosaic . camera pan and dolly off the wall , to reveal cristina and vicky , two young american woman , who pull they bag away from the front of the airport . vicky be a thoughtful brunette and cristina be a beautiful free-spirite blonde . cristina and vicky walk to a taxi driver stand beside a taxi . cristina hi. they stop as the taxi driver prepare to put they bag in the trunk . int . taxi - day fs - through the windshield as the taxi move down a highway to the city . camera tilt up on a road sign , which read : '' barcelona '' narrator ( v.0o . ) vicky and cristina decide to spend the summer in Barcelona . mcs - vicky sit in the rear passenger seat , look out the window at the pass countryside . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) vicky be complete she master 's in catalan identity , which she have become interested in through she great affection for the architecture of gaudi . dissolve to : mcs - cristina sit in the rear driver 's seat narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) cristina , who spend the last six month write , direct and act in a twelve- minute film , which she then hate , have just break up with yet another boyfriend , and long for a change of scenery . she look down thoughtfully . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) everything fall into place when a distant relative of vicky 's family , who live in Barcelona , offer to put both girl up for July and August . mcs - vicky look out the window at the countryside . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) the two best friend have be close ... a split screen slide in and show cristina sit on the other side of the taxi . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ... since college and share the same taste and opinion on most matter . yet , when it come to the subject of love , it would be hard to find two more dissimilar viewpoint . vicky take she cell phone out of she purse and dial a number . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) vicky have no tolerance for pain and no lust for combat . she be ground and realistic . her requirement in a man be seriousness and stability . vicky ( overlapping ) ( into cell phone ) hi. int . doug 's S apartment - new york - night doug , vicky 's businessman fiancée , lie under the cover of he bed and talk into a cordless phone . int . taxi narrator ( v.0 . ) she have become engage to Doug because he be decent and successful ... doug ( overlapping ) ( into telephone ) -- wake I up. ( chuckle ) - barcelona - day vicky talk into she cell phone . cristina , wistfully . narrator ( v.0 . ) ... and understand the beauty of commitment . vicky ( overlapping ) ( into cell phone ) oh , well , I be sorry , I know I wake you . yeah , I be -- I miss you , too . tug at the end of she hair , look down narrator ( v.0 . ) cristina , on the other hand , expect something very different out of love . she have reluctantly accept suffer as a inevitable component of deep passion , and be resign to put she feeling at risk . if you ask she what it be she be gambling she emotion on to win , she would not have be able to say . and that be exactly what vicky value above all else . ext . nash house - day the taxi turn through a gate toward a large house . int . nash house / live room - day cristina follow vicky into the live room . judy nash walk down the stair . vicky hello. ( chuckle ) hi. judy oh , hello . hi. vicky hi. judy ( chuckle ) you be vicky . vicky yes , yes . vicky . Judy stop at the bottom of the stair and shake hand with vicky . judy ( chuckle ) you be so grow up . vicky ( chuckle ) well , it 's be a while . Judy kiss vicky 's cheek . vicky ( cont have ) it 's so great to see you . judy well , welcome to Barcelona . cristina stop beside Judy , who look at she . cristina hi. cristina . Judy shake hand with cristina . judy oh , cristina , I be Judy . cristina hi . int . nash house / bedroom - day Judy lead vicky and cristina into a bedroom . judy this be you room . vicky oh , perfect , this be gorgeous . cristina wow , this house be so huge . judy I put you together . ext . nash house - day vicky stand on the balcony outside the bedroom as cristina turn and gesture at Judy . cristina Judy , thank you so much for have I here ... vicky step to the railing and look at the beautiful view of the city . cristina ( cont would ) ... because I know , you know , it 's so last - minute and you do not know I at all and ... judy no , I ... cristina ...to include I be just so sweet of you . judy but , I - i- I have to tell you , ah , eh , it 's , it 's so nice to have a little action around here . it 's be so quiet since Arthur go off to college , so it 's ... vicky awww . ext . nash house - later a maid , hold a tray , walk out of the house onto the terrace to a table . Judy and MARK , she businessman husband , sit on one side of the table and cristina and vicky sit on the other side of the table . they be eat lunch . narrator ( v.0 . ) after the girl unpack and Judy 's husband , Mark , get home from the golf course , lunch be serve on the terrace . judy we have a beautiful home , and , yes ... MARK yeah , well , we have really come to love it . it 's pretty nice here . the may stop at the end of the table and put down the tray . judy well , he make friend with anybody and he speak the language , so he be like , '' whee ! '' vicky and cristina chuckle . MARK . well , you learn just fine . the may walk back toward the house . MARK ( cont have ) so what do you do , cristina ? cristina lean back in she seat and look at Mark . cristina I be currently at liberty . judy hm. vicky oh , come on . she , she make a film . MARK mm. judy ( gasp ) how exciting . vicky yeah . cristina it be twelve minute . MARK what be it about ? vicky look hesitantly at Mark . cristina about ? it be , uh , it be about why love be so hard to define . Mark smile at cristina . MARK ( chuckle ) wow , that 's a mighty big subject to handle in twelve minute . cristina chuckle . vicky stare at Mark . judy vicky ... you be , you be get you master 's in something within - - vicky yeah , my master 's in , uh , catalan identity . judy ah , well . MARK what do you plan on do with that ? vicky oh ... vicky shrug at Mark . vicky ( cont have ) .. God , I do not know , uh , maybe teach , maybe curate . judy well ... you do not have to do something , you know . Judy glance at Mark . judy ( cont would ) but she 's marrying this wonderful man in the fall and all of she conflict will be resolve when he make she pregnant . Judy , cristina and Mark laugh . vicky ( chuckle ) oh , well ... MARK well , now that Judy 's decide you future ... Judy hold up she glass of wine . judy to , uh , you summer in Barcelona . welcome . MARK salud . vicky and cristina reach across the table and toast with Judy she and Mark . cristina cheer . vicky salud . salud . ext . barcelona street - day vicky and cristina look up at the spire on the top of a church narrator ( v.0 . ) in the day that follow ... ... vicky and cristina drank in the artistic treasure of the city . int . museum - day fs - low angle - look up at the ceiling as camera dolly in . narrator ( v.0 . ) they particularly enjoy the work of gaudi and miro . ext . museum - day Judy , vicky and cristina walk around a sculpture on a terrace . cristina use a digital camera to snap a photograph of the sculpture . ext . museum - day Judy , cristina and vicky , who stand on a staircase . tourist walk around the roof of the museum , which have sculpture all around it . Judy , cristina and vicky look up at one of the sculpture . ext . mediterranean sea - day a sailboat move across the water narrator ( v.0 . ) once , Mark and Judy invite vicky and cristina to go sailing with they ... ext . boat - day a crewman sail the boat across the water . vicky sit against a railing and Judy be sit on a deck chair . narrator ( v.0 . ) ...on Mark 's boat . charle , a handsome young businessman , and cristina hold glass of wine and sit against a railing . 10 . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) with cristina in mind , Mark and Judy ask along the son of one of he business partner , a eligible young man Mark think she might like . charle my dad 's Mark 's partner . I work for dad . it 's basically investment management . believe I , it 's not too exciting . my dream be to accumulate enough wealth and sail off to a island somewhere and spend the rest of my day snorkeling . ( chuckle lightly ) I be actually a snorkeling nut . cristina nod politely and raise she glass toward she mouth . charle ( cont have ) have you ever snorkel before ? cristina shake she head . ext . mediterranean sea - day the sailboat sail across the water . narrator ( v.0 . ) unfortunately , Charles and cristina be not a match make in heaven . int . restaurant - day a chef lead vicky and gesture around the kitchen . kitchen worker be work around the kitchen . narrator ( v.0 . ) vicky , meanwhile , research every aspect of catalan life , even get a tour of the market ... vicky make note in a notebook as the chef lecture . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ... and a local restaurant , to delve into catalan cooking . 11 . ext . restaurant terrace - day people sit at table as a guitar player , sit bg , plays he guitar . vicky and cristina sit at a table and look at the guitar player . narrator ( v.0 . ) on balmy summer night , the girl would sometimes go to hear Spanish guitar music , which never fail to move vicky in some magical way . camera dolly in on vicky , who look raptly at the guitar player . ext . art gallery - night a crowd of people who stand around the gallery and look at the exhibition . vicky , cristina and Judy stand by a wall of painting . narrator ( v.0 . ) one evening , Mark and Judy take they to the open of a friend 's art gallery . many local artist and a number of collector attend . judy do you like they ? vicky I do . thank you so much for take we . judy well , you know , we buy from this gallery . Mark have commission this , this artist to do this series of picture ... vicky mm-hm . cristina look at someone 0.s. judy ... for he office wall . um ... yeah , I think they 's 1l1 be beautiful . 12 . cristina be that the artist over there ? Judy turn and look 0.s. judy where ? cristina in the red ? judy uh , no . no-no-no-no . that 's not .... no. cristina mm. judy uh , Alfred be , um .... oh , no , he 's the gentleman in that , the linen coat right there . vicky look at the man 0.s. cristina oh . judy that 's he . um ...i , I do not know who that be . Judy turn to Mark , who stand behind they look at a painting . judy ( cont have ) ah , Mark ? Mark turn toward Judy . MARK yeah . judy who be that gentleman in the red shirt right over there ? who be that ? MARK who ? Mark look at the 0.s. man. 13. judy the , the gentleman in the red shirt . who be it ? MARK oh . judy right there , who be it ? MARK he 's a painter . remember ? Diego tell we about he ? he have that fiery relationship with that beautiful woman who be nut ? judy oh , my God . MARK with the violent fight and ... cristina glance at Mark and Judy . judy oh , yes , yes , yes , yes . MARK . yeah , he have the , the messy divorce . judy oh , my God , oh , my god. cristina look at 0.s. Juan Antonio . MARK . it be in all the newspaper . ( whisper ) yeah , that 's he . judy oh , it be . Judy return to vicky and cristina and Mark turn to talk to some people . judy ( cont have ) oh , my God . um , he name be , uh , Juan Antonio gonzalo and he , uh , he have this hot divorce and she try to kill he . or he try to kill she . 14 . cristina look at Judy with amazement . cristina what ? judy I , it be this , like really big thing in the art world . I can not remember the detail ... cristina look at 0.s. Juan Antonio . judy ( cont have ) ... but he , you know , it , eh , well , you know , we do not move in that bohemian ... circle , so I do not know . mfs - juan ANTONIO gonzalo , a handsome painter in a red shirt , stand amidst the crowd and drink from a glass of champagne . ext . barcelona street - night some people shoot off sparkler in the street vicky and cristina walk down the street past a church . narrator ( v.0 . ) vicky and cristina leave the art gallery and decide to go for dinner . they stroll past the church in the wonderful summer night air , while people celebrate ... vicky and cristina walk out of frame . int . restaurant - night vicky and cristina sit at a table at the restaurant . there be plate of food in front of they . narrator ( v.0 . ) ... finally wind up around midnight at a little restaurant . cristina ... well , it 's just nice to be able to not have to worry about if some place be gonna stay open or ... 15 . cristina take a pin out of she hair and let it fall down around she shoulder . vicky yeah , but you -- we probably should be worry about we , y’know , dream . cristina glance over she shoulder at someone 0o.s. vicky look in the same direction , then look at cristina . vicky ( cont have ) what be you -- who -- who be you look at ? cristina be not that the , uh ... be not that the painter that we just see at the gallery ? ms - Juan Antonio sit at a table with some people . vicky oh , yeah , right . he 's the uh , the painter with the bad divorce . Mark tell we . it be , I be half listen . cristina , drink from a glass of wine , look at vicky . cristina he keep look over here . vicky well , that 's because you keep provoking contact . cristina shake she head . cristina I be not provoking contact . vicky you be , you have be throw little look at he all night . cristina I be just drink my wine . vicky nod at cristina . 16 . vicky mm-hm . yeah , of course you be . vicky glance at 0.s. Juan Antonio . vicky ( cont have ) well , you , you must be do something because uh , he 's ... Juan Antonio stand up and walk across the restaurant . vicky ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) ... come over . Juan Antonio stop at vicky and cristina 's table and look at the woman . juan ANTONIO american ? cristina I be cristina and this be my friend , vicky . Juan Antonio look at cristina . juan ANTONIO what color be you eye ? cristina smile at he . vicky look across the table at she with disbelief . cristina uh ... they be blue . juan ANTONIO I would like to invite you both to come with I to oviedo . vicky to come where ? juan ANTONIO to oviedo . for the weekend . we leave in one hour . cristina what , where be oviedo ? juan ANTONIO a very short flight . 17 . vicky by plane ? juan ANTONIO mm-hm . cristina what 's in oviedo ? juan ANTONIO I go to see a sculpture that be very inspiring to I . a very beautiful sculpture . Juan Antonio nod at vicky . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) you x11 love it . vicky gesture with disbelief . cristina oh . vicky oh , right , y-y - y - you be ask we to fly to oviedo and back ? juan ANTONIO mm...no , we will spend the weekend . I mean , I ’1l1 show you around the city and ... we 'il eat well , we 'il drink good wine , we ’1ll make love . vicky stare at Juan Antonio as cristina smile . vicky yeah ... who - who exactly be go to , eh , make love ? juan ANTONIO hopefully , the three of we . cristina sigh . vicky oh , my God . juan ANTONIO I 'il get you bill . 18 . vicky Jesus , this guy , he do not beat around the bush . look , senor , maybe in a different life . juan ANTONIO mm-hm ? why not ? life be short . life be dull . life be full of pain . and this be a chance for something special . vicky right , well , who - who exactly be you ? juan ANTONIO I be Juan Antonio . and you be ... ( to vicky ) ... vicky ... ( to cristina ) ... and you be cristina . right ? or be it the other way around ? cristina yeah , that 's right . vicky yeah , I mean , eh , you know , it could be the other way around because , frankly , it do not matter because either of we will do to keep the bed warm . you know , I , I get it . juan ANTONIO well , you be both so lovely and beautiful . vicky yeah , thank you , but we do not fly off to make love with whoever invite we to charming little Spanish town . juan ANTONIO ( to cristina ) do she always analyze every inspiration until each grain of charm be ...uh... como se dice , eh squeeze out of it . 19 . cristina I guess I have to say that , um ... my eye be green , actually . vicky oh , God , look , I would not call we reluctance to leap at you sexual offer be over - analytical . if you would care to join we for some recognize form of social interaction , like a drink , then we would be fine , but otherwise , I think you should try , you know , offer to some other table . juan ANTONIO mm-hm . what offended you about the offer ? surely not that I find you both beautiful and desirable . vicky offended I , no . it 's very amusing , galling , to be honest , but , uh , the - vicky look at cristina , then check she wristwatch . vicky ( cont have ) ( to cristina ) be it my imagination or be it get a little late ? shall we go ? cristina smile at Juan Antonio . cristina I would love to go to oviedo . vicky look at cristina with disbelief . vicky what ? be you kid ? can we discuss this ? cristina shake she head at vicky . cristina I think it would be so much fun . I think we should go . ( to Juan Antonio ) I would love to go . vicky cristina , can we discuss this some other time when --? 20 . juan ANTONIO ( to cristina ) you know , when I see you across the room at the art gallery , I notice you have beautiful lip . very full , very sensual . cristina thank you . vicky okay , okay , look . I be sure ... you know , if you wanna go -- cristina ( to Juan Antonio ) well , I can not guarantee the lovemake because I happen to very moody . Juan Antonio shake he head . juan ANTONIO let 's not negotiate like a contract . I come over here with no subterfuge and present my best offer . now I hope you will discuss it and give I the pleasure to take you with I to oviedo . I have the good fortune to borrow my friend 's plane . it 's just big enough for the three of we and I be a very good pilot . vicky right . oh , it sound very safe . juan ANTONIO think it over . Juan Antonio walk away from the table , leave vicky and cristina to discuss he proposition . vicky I hope you be joke about go . cristina oh my God , this guy be so interesting . vicky interesting ? be you kid ? what 's so interesting ? 21 . vicky ( cont would ) he want to get we both into bed . you know , but he 'il settle for either . in this case , you . vicky sigh . cristina vicky , I be a big girl , okay ? if I want to sleep with he , I will . if not , I will not . vicky cristina , he 's a total stranger this be impulsive , even for you and , if I hear right , he -he be violent with he wife . cristina well at least he 's not one of that factory - make zomby , you know ? I mean , this would be a great way to get to know he . vicky no it 's not . I be not go to oviedo with this charmingly candid wife beater , you know ? you find he aggressiveness attractive , but I do not . and he 's certainly not handsome . cristina well I think he 's very handsome . he 's get a great look . I mean he 's , you know , he 's really sexy . vicky mm-hm . well , you would , because you be , you know , you be a neurotic . cristina look , you get to admire he no - bullshit approach . vicky what be you talk about ? it 's all bullshit . I be not go to oviedo . first off , I have never hear of oviedo . I do not find he win . third , even if I be not engage and be free to have some kind of dalliance with a Spaniard , I would not pick this one . 22 . vicky 's cell phone ring . vicky pull it out of she purse and answer it . vicky ( cont have ) ( into cell phone ) hello ? hi . oh , hi , I can not talk right now , I be try to save cristina from make a potentially fatal mistake . what ? no , the usual . yeah , I 'il call you back . I love you , too . cristina if we go back to the house now , we can just throw some thing in a bag and then we will meet he there . look , I take a instant like to this guy . I mean , you know , he 's not one of that cookie-cutter mold , you know ? he 's creative and artistic . vicky cookie-cutter mold ? what , what be you -- be that what you think of Doug ? cristina Doug ? who say anything about Doug ? vicky it 's ridiculous . you like the way it sound to pick up and fly off in a airplane . cristina I know . I do not know why I be so scared unless I be scared of myself . vicky it 's a mistake , cristina . ext . sky - night a small plane fly through a stormy sky with lightning flashing around it . int . plane - night Juan Antonio fly the plane and cristina sit in the passenger seat beside he . 23 . juan ANTONIO they predict a little storm out of town , out of oviedo , but it 's nothing serious . do not you worry . really . as you can see here ... there , it 's just , it 's just a little bumpy , right ? cristina look over she shoulder and the camera pan slightly to reveal vicky , who sit in the back of the plane . she look around nervously . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ( to cristina ) would you like to fly it ? cristina um , no thank you ! juan ANTONIO it 's easy . it 's even easier than a car . try it . ext . oviedo HOTEL - day a taxi turn toward the front of a elegant hotel . narrator ( v.0 . ) by early morning , they have reach they destination and proceed to a hotel that Juan Antonio have select for they . int . oviedo HOTEL / lobby - day Juan Antonio , cristina and vicky walk across a balcony with two bellmen . narrator ( v.0 . ) vicky make sure she and cristina have they own room and Juan Antonio have he . if he be disappointed , he hide it well . vicky and cristina walk down a corridor toward they room as Juan Antonio walk toward he room . ext . julian do los prados - day a church be in the background . 24 . narrator ( v.0 . ) after freshen up , he take they ... int . julian do los prados - day cristina , Juan Antonio and vicky look up at a sculpture of Christ on the cross . narrator ( v.0 . ) ... to see the sculpture that be so meaningful to he . cristina be you very religious ? juan ANTONIO no , no - no . no - no , I be not . the trick be to enjoy life , accept that it have no meaning whatsoever . cristina look at Juan Antonio with disbelief . cristina no meaning ? vicky shake she head and chuckle . vicky right . cristina you do not even think that authentic love give life meaning . juan ANTONIO yes , but love be ... so transient . be not it ? I be in love with the most incredible woman ... and ... and in the end ... Juan Antonio shake he head and chuckle lightly . vicky yes ? juan ANTONIO ( grunt sigh ) . she put a knife into I . cristina my God , that 's terrible ! 25 . vicky well , maybe you do something to deserve it . vicky look back up at the cross . ext . outdoor cafe - day cristina , vicky and Juan Antonio sit at a table and eat lunch . narrator ( v.0 . ) Juan Antonio take he guest for lunch . they discuss art and romance . he be full of storey about Maria Elena , he ex-wife , whom he both criticize and idolize . ext . oviedo street - day Juan Antonio talk to vicky as cristina take photograph of the building . narrator ( v.0 . ) he prove to be a good host , and in the afternoon , he take they to see the local sight , where they enjoy hearing about the city and take photo . cristina point she digital camera at vicky and Juan Antonio . vicky wave she hand at cristina with annoyance , indicate she do not want cristina to take a photograph . cristina get vicky and Juan Antonio to pose as she take a picture of they . int . sweet shop - day cristina eat a homemade cake as Juan Antonio pick up a box of they . narrator ( v.0 . ) later , they buy candy and cake at a charming sweet shop , which be homemade and delicious . Juan Antonio offer vicky a cake from the box and hand she a napkin . 26 . ext . oviedo street - day cristina , stand beside Juan Antonio , take the digital camera off from around she neck and hand it to vicky . narrator ( v.0 . ) they continue to document they trip , and while vicky remain skeptical , cristina have a wonderful time . vicky walk backward to take the picture as cristina and Juan Antonio pose against a wall . Juan Antonio put he arm around cristina as they pose for another photograph . int . oviedo HOTEL / lobby - night Juan Antonio walk across the lobby with two glass of wine . narrator ( v.0 . ) the question of sleep together do not come up until that night ... Juan Antonio put the glass of wine down on a coffee table in front of vicky and cristina , who sit on a sofa . juan ANTONIO here you be . narrator ( v.0 . ) ... and Juan Antonio be a little drunk . cristina thank you . juan ANTONIO you be very welcome . all right . Juan Antonio sit down . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) well , now that the day be almost over , be it reasonable of I to ask you ... if you would both join I in my room ? vicky oh , come on . I think we have settle that . 27 . cristina vicky 's just try to say that she 's engage to be marry that 's all . vicky uh-huh . juan ANTONIO great . then this be she last day of freedom . vicky no. look , I be not free . I be commit . you know what my theory be ? and when I drink , I get brutally frank . I ... I think that you be still hurt from the failure of you marriage to Maria Elena , and you be try to lose yourself in empty sex . juan ANTONIO empty sex ? do you have such a low opinion of yourself ? cristina she 's just say that it have to have meaning for she , that 's all . juan ANTONIO I mean , the city be romantic . the night be warm and balmy . we be alive . be not that meaning enough ? vicky hey , look , I just come along to keep cristina company . I be engage to be marry . I have a handsome , lovely fiance who I make love with , and also hold a very real place in my heart , and to be perfectly frank , Juan Antonio , if I be the type of person that play around .... I do not think it 's in the card for we . vicky slap she hand together and pick up she jacket . vicky ( cont have ) so , I be tired . I have not sleep in twenty - four hour and that be exactly what I be go to do . 28 . vicky stand up and walk away . Juan Antonio nod he head , then look at cristina . juan ANTONIO and you ? cristina I 'il go to you room , but ... you have to seduce I . int . oviedo HOTEL / juan ANTONIO 's room - night Juan Antonio , hold a glass of wine , open the door to reveal cristina , who stand in the hallway . cristina hello . juan ANTONIO hello . cristina walk haltingly into the room as Juan Antonio close the door . cristina I be just here to have a quick drink to say thank you and then I be gonna go back to my room . juan ANTONIO mm-hm . all right . do you act in the small film you make ? cristina do I act ? juan ANTONIO mm-hm . cristina yeah , I act . why ? juan ANTONIO well , I hope you be more convincing than you be when you pretend to have come here for one quick drink . cristina chuckle softly . 29 . cristina I be here to go to bed with you . you be right . juan ANTONIO mm-hm . cristina so you be pretty much home free . unless you blow it . juan ANTONIO blow it ? cristina yeah . juan ANTONIO blow it . you mean ruin the moment cristina yeah . juan ANTONIO huh . and how would I do that ? cristina um ... I do not know . it could be anything from some inane comment to ... wear the wrong kind of short . juan ANTONIO uh-huh . cristina although , somehow , by look at you , I think you be wear the right kind of short . Juan Antonio pour another glass of wine . juan ANTONIO you be very hard to please . cristina yeah , well ... I be famous for my intolerance . Juan Antonio hand she a glass of wine . juan ANTONIO here. 30 . cristina walk through the bedroom doorway . she sit down on the end of the bed . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) and what do you want in life besides a man with the right short ? cristina drink from she glass of wine and shrug at Juan Antonio . cristina I do not know . I know I be not gonna settle till I ... find what I be look for . juan ANTONIO hm . which be what ? Juan Antonio sit down on the bed beside cristina . cristina um ...something ... else . I want something different . something more . Juan Antonio reach toward cristina and gently caress she chin with he finger . cristina ( cont would ) some sort of , um ... counter - intuitive love . juan ANTONIO meaning ? cristina meaning , um ... cristina smile at Juan Antonio , then shake she head . he continue to caress she chin and lip . cristina ( cont would ) ( chuckle lightly ) I do not know . I do not know what I want . I only know what I do not want . if you do not start undress I soon , this be gonna turn into a panel discussion . Juan Antonio and cristina lean toward one another and kiss . cristina suddenly lean back and look down with distress . 31 . juan ANTONIO what ha -- be you , be you okay ? cristina shake she head . cristina yeah , I be fine , I be fine . it 's something I eat . juan ANTONIO what 's wrong ? can I , can I get you anything ? cristina wave she hand at he . cristina um...no , I ... I should not be drink . I -- cristina hand she glass of wine to Juan Antonio . juan ANTONIO what happen ? cristina I be gonna be sick . cristina stand up and hurry to the bathroom . int . oviedo HOTEL / vicky & cristina 's room - day cristina sleep in bed as a doctor close he medical bag . vicky stand beside she and Juan Antonio sit in the background . doctor it 's she ulcer and perhaps a little food poisoning . maybe both . vicky mm. God , both . doctor she must just '' ret . '' vicky okay , '' rest ? '' doctor not eat . yeah , rest , rest . ext . 32 . vicky right . oviedo HOTEL - day vicky walk out of the hotel talk on she cell phone . Juan ext . int . Juan narrator ( v.0 . ) with cristina stick in bed , vicky be anxious to get back to Barcelona , and in no mood to sightsee . vicky ( into she cell phone ) hi , be Doug there ? uh , oh , okay , well , when he get out of he meeting , can you get he to call I on my cell ? yeah , I be still stick in oviedo . walk out of the hotel and stop behind vicky . santa maria del naranco church - day narrator ( v.0 . ) but sightsee be what they do . santa maria del naranco church - day take a cigarette out of he pack . juan ANTONIO I feel very sorry about cristina . vicky oh , come on . do not pretend concern . I be sure that you keep encourage she to drink , as you do to both of we throughout dinner . but I can hold my liquor . juan ANTONIO she never mention she ulcer . vicky no . no , because ... she 's a mental adolescent , and be romantic , she have a , a death wish . 33 . vicky ( cont would ) so for a , a brief moment of passion , she , she completely abandon all responsibility . ext . lighthouse - day a boat move across the water near the lighthouse . vicky and cristina walk down a walkway together . narrator ( v.0 . ) after lunch , Juan Antonio take vicky to see the old lighthouse at avilé , which she find very beautiful . ext . lighthouse - later Juan Antonio and vicky sit on a wall overlook the sea . juan ANTONIO um , I be bear near here and , ah it would be a sin if I come out here without pay a visit to my father . would that be boring to you ? vicky bore ? uh , no . no . I think that would be the first genuinely interesting proposition you have make I . I would , uh , I would love to see you father and he house . ext . father 's house - day Juan Antonio 's car pull up in front of the house . vicky and Juan Antonio get out of the car . Juan Antonio 's father come out to greet they . father hola , hijo . juan ANTONIO hola , ¢gcdémo esta ? father muy bien . juan ANTONIO Te veo muy bien . Tan guapo . 34 . Juan Antonio 's father laugh . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) mira . eh , mis amiga . vicky . vicky hold out she hand and the father shake it . vicky Buenos dias . father Buenos dias . juan ANTONIO ( to vicky ) my father , julio . vicky and the father kiss on the cheek . vicky julio . vicky gesture at the house . vicky ( cont have ) Buenos dias . qué casa tan bonita . juan ANTONIO well . father considera que es tuya . vicky ( chuckle ) oh , you know , if we carry on , I do not think it 's gonna -- juan ANTONIO that 's fine , that be great . uh , he speak no English . ( to he father ) entiende un poquito de espafiol ella . father ah , porque no I importa . pasad , pasad . adelante . the father walk toward the house . vicky and Juan Antonio follow he . 35 . vicky I be sure my Spanish be gonna go . int . father 's house / live room - day the father walk into the house and vicky and Juan Antonio follow he . juan ANTONIO he refuse to speak any other language , and that 's a important point with my father , actually . vicky oh , really ? it be ? why ? juan ANTONIO because he 's a poet and he write the most beautiful sentence in the Spanish language , but he -- I do not know -- he do not believe that a poet should pollute he word by any other tongue which be quite a -- vicky right , right . no , it make sense . I understand , ' cause of the translation and the thing you might lose . I mean I , I take some Spanish . of course , I have no flair for language . I read it much better than I speak it . juan ANTONIO mm-hm . vicky maybe I could read you father . juan ANTONIO no , but he do not publish . that 's the point . the father pick up two liquor glass . father ¢écofiac ? vicky ( to Juan Antonio ) oh , no ? 36 . juan ANTONIO nope . the father hand the glass to Juan Antonio and leave the room . vicky well , why not ? juan ANTONIO be - , eh , I 'il explain later . do you want some cofiac ? vicky uh , eh , yes , thank you , just a very , very , very little . the father return with a bottle of cognac . juan ANTONIO Si . un poquito . the father laugh and pour cognac into the glass . vicky but -- thank you . juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish to he father ) you look good - you look Te veo bien . tiene cara de healthy , papa . salud , papa . Juan Antonio take one of the glass of cognac and hand the other glass to vicky . juan ANTONIO ( to vicky ) here . vicky thank you . father subtitles ( in Spanish to Juan yes , and you too look well . Antonio ) what do you hear of Maria Si , tu también , the ves Elena ? saludable . g qué sabe de Maria Elena ? juan ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) ceh , Maria Elena ? '' Maria Elena ? pue que vive todavia con el arquitecto en Madrid . vicky look around at the book father ( in Spanish ) esa mujer era la mejor . aun tengo suefios erdtico con ella , a mis edad . the father laugh . Juan Antonio and back . juan ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) también the queria mucho a it , papa . father ( in Spanish ) qué pena , qué pena ... con ese don de dios . Juan Antonio snort . ext . father 's house - day Juan Antonio 's father sit at a drink out of he cup . Juan Antonio and vicky stand in 37 . subtitles she 's still live with the architect in Madrid . on the wall . subtitles that woman be the best . I still have erotic dream about she , at my age . rub he father on the chest subtitles she also love you very much , papa . subtitles what a shame - with that gift of God ... table on the terrace and the yard near a well . juan ANTONIO this be my favorite place to come and read when I be young . and , yes , uh ... I want to be a writer not a painter . Painting come later . and I want to play music , too . I mean , of -- all I know be that I be full I do not know -- real emotion and I have to find a way to express it. 38 . vicky oh , cristina say the same thing . juan ANTONIO cristina 's a very interesting girl . Juan Antonio gesture at a low wall around a tree . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) wanna sit ? vicky yeah . Juan Antonio and vicky sit down on the wall . vicky ( cont have ) so , uh , tell I , why will not you father publish he poem ? juan ANTONIO well , because he hate the world , and that 's he way of get back at they -- to create beautiful work and then ... to deny they to the public , which I think , it 's ... vicky my God . well , what make he so ... angry toward the human race ? juan ANTONIO mm , because after thousand of year of civilization ... they still have not learn to love . int . oviedo HOTEL / vicky & cristina 's room - day vicky hand a bowl of soup to cristina , who lie in bed . narrator ( v.0 . ) they return to the hotel . cristina be feel better , but far too shaky and need more rest . cristina do you guy have a good day ? vicky you know what ? yeah , it be , it be very nice . 39 . int . restaurant - night Juan Antonio and vicky sit at a table eat dinner . narrator ( v.0 . ) vicky and Juan Antonio dine together at a lovely little restaurant . she be more relaxed than at lunch , and have just finish a great deal of wine . this time she be enjoy the conversation . juan ANTONIO I mean , it 's really like no place on Earth . my father use to bring I here . vicky 's cell phone ring . vicky oh . oh no . vicky take the cell phone out of she purse and answer it . vicky ( cont have ) ( into cell phone ) hello . int . doug 's apartment - new york - day Doug sit on the edge of he bed talk into he cell phone . doug ( into cell phone ) hey . do I get you at a bad time , babe ? int . restaurant - same vicky ( into cell phone ) oh , hi . no , I be , I be just about to eat . can I , uh , can I call you back ? 40 . int . doug 's apartment - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) okay , let just say one thing . Paul and maryanne say they find a house up where they be that they like even better than the one in bedford Hills . int . restaurant - same vicky ( into cell phone ) oh , yeah ? well , I uh , uh , you be break up a little . int . doug 's apartment - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) how --? Babe ? Babe do not -- I 'il -- call I later , but this house have a pool and a tennis court . okay ? we could both take lesson from Paul 's instructor . int . restaurant - same vicky ( into cell phone ) okay . I ’1l1 , I x11 call you back . i- I can not hear you . int . doug 's apartment - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) I love you . int . restaurant - same vicky hello ? vicky sigh and hang up she cell phone . 41. vicky ( cont have ) oh , god. connection 's terrible . she put the cell phone back into she purse . juan ANTONIO all right , then . Juan Antonio pick up a bottle of wine and pour more wine into vicky 's glass . vicky oh , thank you . what be this wine ? it 's delicious . juan ANTONIO it 's great . be that you fiance ? vicky nod hesitantly at he . vicky uh , yes . yes . juan ANTONIO why be you so nervous speak to he ? vicky w- be I nervous ? juan ANTONIO ( chuckle ) yes , you turn red . vicky eh , well , I -- well , I be sure it 's , I be sure it 's the wine . juan ANTONIO would he be upset if he know we be dining together ? vicky no , not at all ! be you kid ? I mean , I , I do not think he have love the basic concept of I sit with a man drink wine over candlelight , but he have , he have quickly realize there have be nothing to worry about , so , uh ... vicky pick up she glass of wine . 42 . vicky ( cont would ) would you ever withhold you work from the public out of rage ? juan ANTONIO no-no - no . I be not like my father . oh , no I tell you , I ... affirm life despite everything . vicky right , right . well ... I have be , uh , I have be curious to see you work . juan ANTONIO really ? why ? you be so -- I mean you be so disapprove of I . vicky well , I have get to know you better and ... you know , it have be interesting and after all , you be a catalan painter , and that 's my subject . juan ANTONIO mm-hm . what give you such a interest in catalan culture ? vicky well , uh ... I , uh , fall in love with gaudi 's church when I be fourteen and ... one thing lead to another . juan ANTONIO hm. and -and , uh ... you also admire Spanish guitar , I hear vicky yes , yes . juan ANTONIO mm-hm . vicky I love the guitar . juan ANTONIO would you like to go to hear some wonderful guitar tonight ? vicky drink from she glass and look at he nervously . 43 . vicky tonight ? juan ANTONIO mm-hm . vicky well , it 's , it 's a little late and , you know , I be , I be a little wobbly from the wine . juan ANTONIO no-no-no-no-no . you say you could hold you alcohol . besides , we leave tomorrow . vicky nod she head . vicky okay , sure . juan ANTONIO great . Juan Antonio toast with vicky . ext . park - night a guitar player sit on a chair and plays the guitar . some people sit on bench and the ground to listen to he . Juan Antonio and vicky sit amidst the group . vicky listen intently to the music . vicky turn and look emotionally at Juan Antonio . she then look back at the guitar player . ext . park - later Juan Antonio and vicky walk across the park after the performance . they be alone as they cross the grass . vicky that be , uh , that be unbelievable . thank you , thank you . juan ANTONIO I be look at you face and you look very move . vicky nod she head . vicky yes , yes . 44 . juan ANTONIO a few time , I see a look like that . vicky right . on , on Maria Elena , I be sure . juan ANTONIO oh , well , yes , maybe on Maria Elena . I mean , if she see or hear something that move she , yes . vicky you be still in love with she . juan ANTONIO no , I be not , I be not . vicky and Juan Antonio stop and turn toward one another . vicky mm , that confirm it . Juan Antonio shake he head . juan ANTONIO no , she will always be a part of I and ... she 's a important person in my life , but for the two of we something be ... not work . vicky well ... what element ? juan ANTONIO we never find out . vicky nod she head . vicky mm. vicky look away from Juan Antonio , then look emotionally at he . vicky ( cont have ) you , um ... you say you be look at my face . Juan Antonio smile at she . 45 . vicky ( cont have ) why ? juan ANTONIO why be you look at mine ? vicky be I ? juan ANTONIO you probably see my tear . vicky nod she head . vicky yes . you ... yeah , um , mm , I ’ma little out of control . juan ANTONIO I be look at you face ... because I find it very beautiful . vicky you do ? juan ANTONIO of course I do . of course I do , and you know I do . Juan Antonio lean toward vicky and kiss she . they kiss passionately . they slide down out of frame . int . plane - day vicky sit in the backseat look down as Juan Antonio fly the plane and cristina sit in the passenger seat beside he . narrator ( v.0 . ) on the trip home , vicky , who have mention nothing to cristina , be silent . cristina , on the other hand , talk nervously . cristina I must apologize to both of you for , for ruin the whole weekend ! I be completely mortify ! I be ... humiliate . I , I do not know whether it be the wine . 46 . cristina ( cont would ) it could have be the shellfish because of , you know , I have this ulcer , and I , I just thank God you know enough sight to keep vicky occupy . you know , I have this horrible nightmare that you two would be like oil and water , hat every minute of be together . i- I just could not move . int . libarary - day vicky enter the library and walk along the stack . narrator ( v.0 . ) vicky bury herself in work at the library . she put foolish idea out of she head and concentrate on she thesis . but she find she thought frequently return to oviedo . ext . barcelona street - day cristina carry she digital camera around she neck and walk down a sidewalk . narrator ( v.0 . ) cristina , search for a mean of self - expression , wander the street of Barcelona , experiment with she latest passion photography , and believe that she have make a fool of herself exactly at the moment of truth with Juan Antonio . cristina walk down a alleyway . she stop and raise she digital camera to take a picture . ext . nash house - day vicky , sit at a table , work on she laptop computer on the balcony outside they room . narrator ( v.0 . ) and then , forty - eight hour later cristina come to vicky with a announcement . cristina ( 0.s. ) vicky , he call ! 47 . vicky hm ? what ? who ? vicky stand up and look down to see cristina stand on the terrace below the balcony . cristina Juan Antonio . he call I just now . vicky Juan Antonio call you ? cristina yeah , he want to see I and take I to some vineyard , some wine taste or something . I say , '' absolutely . '' vicky a wine taste . but what about you ulcer ? cristina oh , no , no , it 's fine . a little wine 's not gonna hurt I . I mean the point be that he want to see I . be not that great ? vicky yeah . yeah . cristina I can not believe it . I never think he be gonna call . vicky mm , that 's great . I be happy for you . int . nash house / kitchen - night cristina sit at a cooking island and write in a notebook . narrator ( v.0 . ) that night , the two woman have trouble fall asleep . cristina sit in the kitchen drink coffee and work on she poetry . 48 . int . nash house / bedroom - night vicky lie awake in bed . narrator ( v.0 . ) vicky , too , be lose in memory of a night that now seem more and more unreal . vicky 's cell phone ring on the night stand . she turn on the lamp , then pick up the cell phone . vicky ( into cell phone ) hello ? ext . dock - new york - day Doug , stand on a dock beside a small channel of water and hold a cup of coffee , talk into he cell phone . boat be moor along the dock . doug ( into cell phone ) hey , babe . do I wake you ? int . nash house / bedroom - same vicky sit up in bed . vicky ( into cell phone ) no , no , no , no . I be just go to sleep . ext . dock - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) I be sorry I call so late . I have to get out of the office . get some air , get some coffee , and I have this great idea . check this out . dad have contact in the american embassy in Spain . right ? I think I could come early , work from there on my computer , and the two of we could get marry in Barcelona . you say it be a romantic spot . int . ext . int . nash dock nash 49 . doug ( cont would ) you know , we will just do a quick city hall - type thing . course we ’1ll do it all over again in New York and -- you know -- and have a huge blowout for we family and friend , but I think it have be fun . what do you think ? house / bedroom - same vicky ( into cell phone ) what ? to get marry here ? - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) yeah , why not ? it have be great to tell we kid we marry in Spain , and I be tellin’ ya , dad 's friend would make it real easy for we . house / bedroom - same vicky look uncomfortable . ext . int . dock nash vicky ( into cell phone ) oh , I , mm , I do not know what to say . I ... - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) you do not sound bowl over . house / bedroom - same vicky ( into cell phone ) no , it 's , uh ... it 's just a surprise . 50 . ext . dock - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) so w- , eh , look , we be gonna marry in the fall anyway , and we be gonna do that , too . I promise . int . nash house / bedroom - same vicky ( into cell phone ) yeah , so what 's the point ? ext . dock - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) the point be , it 's different , it 's exciting . I tell the idea to Ken and Alice . I call they earlier and they say they wish they have do it . I mean , you know , in London in they case , but they be , they be excited . int . nash house / bedroom - same vicky shake she head . vicky ( into cell phone ) well , I , I , uh ... ext . dock - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) you sound , uh , you sound a bit reluctant . Doug drink from he cup of coffee . 51 . int . nash house / bedroom - same vicky ( into cell phone ) me? no . why , why would I , why would I be ? no. I ...1I ... I think it 's a fine idea . I think it 's great , it 's a great idea . ext . dock - new york - same doug ( into cell phone ) yeah , yeah , no , I think , I think it 's gonna be good . listen , I be gonna call you tomorrow . I know that I wake you up . I will give you more detail tomorrow . i- I love you so much . int . nash house / bedroom - same vicky hold the cell phone with a conflict expression . vicky ( whisper into cell phone ) yeah . vicky look at the cell phone then turn it off . ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - day Juan Antonio drive a red convertible down a street on the outskirt of town . cristina sit in the passenger seat . Juan Antonio stop the car in front of a gate to he house . he open the passenger door for cristina , then get out of the car . juan ANTONIO okay . Juan Antonio open the gate and they walk into the house . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / studio - day Juan Antonio lead cristina across he studio . half -finish canvase lean against the wall . 52 . narrator ( v.0 . ) Juan Antonio take cristina to a wine taste . after , he take she back to he house , a lovely place he have purchase from another painter year ago , and which serve as he home and he studio . he show she he work , which delighted she . cristina oh , my God , this be incredible . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / live room - day Juan Antonio lead cristina across the live room . narrator ( v.0 . ) she love the color and the wild , emotional way he apply the paint to the canvase . from there , it be only one floor up to he bedroom . he tell she of he marriage to Maria Elena , and they deep love , and they terrible fight . he tell cristina he have not want to make love with anyone else in the bedroom they share ... till now . this time , cristina keep she food down . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / bedroom - day Juan Antonio lie atop cristina on the bed as they kiss passionately and make love . cristina roll on top of Juan Antonio as they continue to kiss . ext . sculpture garden - day Juan Antonio and cristina walk around a large sculpture as they examine it . narrator ( v.0 . ) Juan Antonio take cristina out several more time . they go to see a new sculpture by a friend of he . 53. ext . barcelona street - day Juan Antonio stand behind cristina as she take a photograph . narrator ( v.0 . ) he show she some of he favorite part of the city , where she take photograph . they smile and walk down the sidewalk . cristina aim she digital camera at some prostitute who stand against a wall on the far side of the street . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) Juan Antonio be friendly with all the whore and think they would make wonderful subject . Juan Antonio and cristina walk . cristina stop to take a photograph . Juan Antonio wrap he arm around she . Juan Antonio laugh . the prostitute pose and cristina take a picture of they . Juan Antonio hold cristina 's hand as they walk . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) he encourage cristina 's work , although she be always too shy to allow he to see it . Juan Antonio playfully wrap he arm around she int . bar - day cristina and Juan Antonio sit at the table with a group of friend . narrator ( v.0o . ) he take she to lunch with he friend who be poet and artist and musician . cristina hold she own quite well . juan ANTONIO the art be , the art be always related to the context ... 54 . ext . park guell - day narrator ( v.0 . ) meanwhile , one day , go to study yet again the Park guell , which gaudi have design and which figure quite prominently in she thesis , vicky have a chance encounter . vicky enter the park from a staircase . Juan Antonio , carry a sketchbook , walk down another staircase . he walk off the stair and look up at vicky with surprise . vicky oh . juan ANTONIO vicky . vicky uh , hello , my -- juan ANTONIO how be you ? vicky my goodness , what be you do here ? vicky and Juan Antonio kiss on the cheek . vicky gesture at Juan Antonio 's sketchbook juan ANTONIO uh , nothing , just do some , some sketches . vicky nod nervously at he . vicky oh , right . well , I , uh , I do not mean to disturb you , so .... juan ANTONIO disturb I , no . how could you disturb I ? I ...we never have a chance to say a proper good - bye . vicky oh. well , y- you could have call I . 55 . juan ANTONIO I ... yeah , I , I debate it . but I do not think there be much point vicky yeah , but y-you , you never phone . not to say anything . I mean " thank you , it be fun . " vicky rub she forehead nervously . vicky ( cont have ) I mean , y-you do not make love to someone and then never call they ... unless you be greatly disappointed . juan ANTONIO quite the opposite . but ... you have plan to marry and I think it best to stop anything before it lead to a bad situation for everyone . vicky yeah , well , I be only say that we make love , and , and you seem to drop off the face of the earth . I mean , I realize this thing do not mean much to you . juan ANTONIO I mean , to pursue matter would have only cause you anxiety , and for I , a disappointment . vicky shake she head at he . vicky I have the ability to hurt you after one night ? juan ANTONIO Maria Elena use to say that ... only unfulfilled love can be romantic . vicky right . okay . well , the truth be , you be , you be much more suite to cristina . 56 . juan ANTONIO I have grow very fond of cristina . so , I be very happy for you and you husband - to - be . vicky nod haltingly at Juan Antonio . vicky and I ... for you and cristina . vicky smile at he and inhale deeply . juan ANTONIO right . bye . vicky bye . they kiss on the cheek again . vicky and Juan Antonio walk away from each other . int . barcelona airport - day Doug , hold two bag , ride up a escalator . narrator ( v.0 . ) and so the morning come when vicky 's husband - to - be arrive from New York . Doug walk off the escalator and meet vicky . doug you look beautiful . vicky open she arm to he . Doug put down a bag and kiss she . they embrace . ext . nash house - day a taxi stop in front of the house . narrator ( v.0 . ) Juan Antonio , like certain creative man , need always to live with a woman , and have invite cristina to move in with he , which she accept . Doug and vicky get out of the taxi and walk toward the house . 57 . doug beautiful ! oh , my God . Doug turn and look at the cabbie . doug ( cont have ) how much do I owe you ? Judy walk out of the house . judy hello ! hi , hi . doug hello , how be you ? Mark walk down the step with Judy . judy I be fine . MARK . you make good time . doug hi. judy I be Judy . Judy shake hand with Mark . doug Judy , Doug . judy hello , doug. welcome . Judy and Doug kiss on the cheek . doug Nice to meet you , I have hear so much about you . judy same here . Mark step toward Doug and shake hand with he . MARK doug. 58 . doug oh , Mark , Doug , how be you ? MARK good to meet you . doug good to meet you . MARK the bag be a bit heavy . doug oh . uh , the bag . MARK just leave that . yeah . doug great . vicky , Judy , Mark and Doug walk toward the house . MARK so you be with Global enterprise ? doug yes ! MARK you know , Tom sutter 's a old friend of mine . doug oh , you know Tom sutter ? MARK yeah . doug we play golf ! MARK you do ? doug yeah . MARK well , I get some storey . you know , Tom have never beat I . 59 . doug oh , well , he 's not the great player in the world . MARK he be not ? ext . museum - day vicky and Doug stand amidst people in front of the museum . doug ... no , I do not know that . all right . vicky smile at doug. vicky come on . int . nash house / bedroom - day Doug lean back against the headboard in the bed after have sex . vicky lie under the cover of the bed . doug ( sigh ) my God . Doug shake he head . doug ( cont have ) you be a whole different person here . vicky yeah ? what do that mean ? doug you be so into it . vicky well , be I not usually ? doug uh , yeah , no , of course you be . yeah , y -- I be give you a compliment . maybe it 's the Barcelona air . 60 . vicky come here , hold I . hold I . vicky slide against Doug . he put he arm around she . doug you okay ? vicky yeah . yeah . doug how 's cristina doin ' ? vicky oh , you know , she 's , she 's already move in with some guy . doug that be quick . do not tell I he 's a bullfighter . vicky ( chuckle ) no. doug writer ? composer ? torture pseudo - intellectual and self - destructive ? vicky mm , yeah , I know . sometimes she get on my nerve with she crackpot love affair . Doug shake he head . doug yeah , look , I love she because ... she 's you friend , but I have often warn you about she . she 's a unhappy person . Doug pick up a glass of water off the night stand and drink from it . vicky look thoughtfully at he . doug ( cont have ) she can not part with that self - image she have of the oh-so-special woman , the artist try to find herself . I find she contempt for normal value pretentious . it 's a boring cliché . 61 . vicky yeah , well , man like she . doug well , she 's pretty . and not exactly difficult to maneuver into the sack . Doug run he hand along she arm . doug ( cont have ) now you , on the other hand ... take a little effort to get to bed . vicky chuckle softly . doug ( cont have ) hey . Doug gently lift she chin to make she look at he . doug ( cont have ) but it be worth the struggle . vicky smile and nod at he . vicky yeah ? doug yeah . Doug and vicky kiss . ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - day Juan Antonio paint on a canvas in the backyard as cristina talk into she cell phone . cristina ( into cell phone ) so Juan Antonio want to take I to this old amusement park that he say that I would love , and I think that we could just get lunch , um , all of we , and then we could all see it together . 62 . ext . nash house - day Doug sit on the step with a newspaper as vicky talk into she cell phone . vicky ( into cell phone ) what , tomorrow for lunch ? Doug look up and gesture at she . doug we , we can not . we have plan . vicky oh , no , no , no . I , eh , no , we can always go boat with Mark and Judy . i- I would like to go with cristina and Juan Antonio . doug I , I really want to go boat . vicky ( into cell phone ) yeah , that would , that would be great . tomorrow . doug okay . vicky ( into cell phone ) okay . ext . cafe - day vicky and cristina and Doug and Juan Antonio sit at a table at a outdoor cafe . narrator ( v.0 . ) the two couple meet for lunch and during the course of conversation , a awkward moment occur . Juan Antonio look at cristina , who sit diagonally across the table from he . under the table , Juan Antonio raise he leg toward Christina . instead , he brushes he leg against vicky 's leg . 63 . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) Juan Antonio , have warm thought about cristina , try to brush he foot against hers , under the table , and accidentally brush vicky 's . vicky look up at Juan Antonio . ext . amusement park - day vicky , cristina and Doug pose for a picture as Juan Antonio point a digital camera at they . a roller coaster be in the background . narrator ( v.0 . ) the amusement park be everything Juan Antonio lead they to believe . it be antique and charming , and overlook all of Barcelona . ext . amusement park - later a vendor make a swirl of cotton candy . cristina and Juan Antonio stand in front of the booth . the vendor hand the cotton candy to Juan Antonio . cristina laugh . ext . amusement park - later vicky and Doug spin around as they ride a merry - go-round . Doug smile as vicky look around distractedly . ext . amusement park - later cristina stand beside Doug as he turn the crank on a gumball machine . Juan Antonio and vicky walk on a walkway overlook the city . juan ANTONIO I see why you love you fiancé . he 's , he 's very charming . vicky yes , yes , he 's lovely . juan ANTONIO and very well suite to you . 64 . vicky glance at Juan Antonio , then shake she head . vicky I do not think I like the way you say that . juan ANTONIO no , I , I , I only mean that you make a comfortable couple , in the best sense , vicky . vicky look , you do not understand . I can not do anything about it now . I 'mn - , I be not say the think have not cross my mind , but I , eh -- Juan Antonio tap vicky on the shoulder juan ANTONIO vicky , please , please , vicky ... Juan Antonio and vicky stop . vicky turn toward he . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ... we must not get into this conversation again , all right ? vicky sigh . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) thing have move on and I have develop real feeling for cristina . vicky I ko -- then what be you -- w-w - why do you rub you foot against mine under the table ? Juan Antonio shake he head . juan ANTONIO I do not . vicky yes . juan ANTONIO I do not . vicky yes , when I look over at you . 65 . juan ANTONIO oh , no . if I do , it be a mistake . I , I mean , my intention be to touch cristina . vicky shake she head . vicky oh. okay , I , I , I be , I be sorry . I apologize for my mistake . vicky fold she arm and shake she head . juan ANTONIO I be sorry , it be my mistake , but listen , look . vicky I be -- forget it . no , I be -- juan ANTONIO listen , listen , you be all set to enter , to enter a completely different life . vicky wave she hand at Juan Antonio . vicky please . mm-hm . juan ANTONIO a life you always want with the man you love . vicky yes , yes , goddamn it , and then , I know , and then I meet you ... and we have this ridiculously irrational weekend together and now I ...1 I do not , I do not know where I be . juan ANTONIO please . vicky sigh . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) I be with cristina and you be go to get marry in two week , vicky . vicky yeah , I know . 66 . juan ANTONIO okay ? vicky I know , you be right . cristina love you . I would never -- juan ANTONIO yes , yes , and cristina and I area good fit . vicky yes . juan ANTONIO I mean , we , she speak my language . you and I -- I do not know -- we would be at each other 's throat ina month . he clasp she shoulder . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) all right ? vicky yeah . juan ANTONIO look , maybe we path will cross again someday under different circumstance and ... vicky yeah . juan ANTONIO ... who know about life ? vicky yeah , you be right . you be right I be a idiot . I do not know what I expect to happen . vicky and Juan Antonio look away from one another . int . government office - day vicky and Doug sit in front of a table . a official stand behind the table and read from a official document . cristina , Judy and Mark sit nearby . 67 . narrator ( v.0 . ) and so the wedding day come and vicky marry doug. cristina be there . she do not bring Juan Antonio , who make a excuse . ext . nash house - day vicky and Doug carry they bag out of the house to a taxi . narrator ( v.0 . ) follow the ceremony , the bride and groom leave for a mini-honeymoon in Seville . Judy and Mark stand on a balcony and wave to vicky and Doug . Iris out to : ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - day Juan Antonio stand in the backyard and paint on a canvas , which be laid out flat on the ground . cristina stand beside the house and look thoughtfully at Juan Antonio . narrator ( v.0 . ) meanwhile , cristina begin to sense the possibility of the kind of relationship she have always seek but in the past have elude she . she be the lover of a exciting man ... a artist whose work she believe in . ext . country road - day cristina and Juan Antonio ride bicycle down a country road in the wood . narrator ( v.0 . ) she be already think of herself as a kind of expatriate ... not smother by what she believe to be America 's puritanical and materialistic culture , which she have little patience for . 68 . narrator ( cont would ) she see herself more a european soul , in tune with the thinker and artist she feel express she tragic , romantic , freethink view of life . int . bar - night cristina walk through the bar carry a bottle of beer toa table where Juan Antonio sit with he friend . narrator with Juan Antonio 's circle of friend , she hobnob with creative people of all sort . cristina reach the table and kiss Juan Antonio . she sit down at the table . narrator ( cont would ) she love they company and continue to experiment with write and take picture . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / kitchen - day a pot of food boil over on the stove while Juan Antonio and cristina lie on the kitchen floor and make love . int . nash house / foyer - day Doug , Judy , vicky and Mark stand on the front step while a taxi driver unload the taxi . judy you have a good time ? MARK come on in . Doug and vicky walk into the house . Judy and Mark follow they . vicky yeah , I , I -- Seville be breathtaking . judy mm-hm .. 69 . doug we run into some friend from New York , get a chance to spend some time with they , which be great . vicky uh , yeah , a little too much time . the group walk into the live room . doug oh , you be just angry because they beat we brain out at bridge . vicky well , I do not like bridge . judy I do not , either . MARK look at this . Mark point to a table with some present on it . vicky what , what be this ? judy oh , well -- MARK uh , swag -- you attention , please . judy oh. vicky oh. Mark hold up one of Juan Antonio 's painting . it be a modernistic painting of thick black shape on a white canvas . MARK cristina and Juan Antonio send you this wedding gift . vicky oh. 70 . judy when I find out that she be seriously dating Juan Antonio , I , I could not believe it . MARK . what do you think ? doug just what we need : a Rorschach blot . MARK whoa . vicky shake she head . vicky yeah , I , you know , I - I do not think I like it . MARK we will buy you one of alejandro 's . doug no ... Judy pick up a gift bag and hold it toward vicky . judy this you will . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / bedroom Juan Antonio and cristina sleep under the cover of the bed . the telephone ring . cristina roll over in she sleep as Juan Antonio awaken . Juan Antonio turn on the lamp beside the bed , accidentally knocking some object off the night stand . the sound awaken cristina as Juan Antonio pick up the cordless phone . juan ANTONIO ( into telephone ) é si? si. Juan Antonio sit up . cristina sit up and look at he . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ( into telephone ) y...gc6 mo esta ? vale , si , vale . cen...en qué hospital esta ? vale . Si , gracias , gracias . 71 . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) cen qué planta esta ? vale , gracias , gracias . cristina what ? Juan Antonio hang up the phone and shake he head . juan ANTONIO Maria Elena be , eh , se ha intent - she try to kill herself . cristina what ? juan ANTONIO my God . cristina be she okay ? juan ANTONIO uh...yes . I , I do not -- yes , I think so . I do not know . I have to go . Juan Antonio stand up and start to get dress . cristina where be you go ? juan ANTONIO uh ... I be go to the hospital . cristina well , should I come with you ? juan ANTONIO eh , no ... no , I do not think that would be a good idea for she . she 's a mess . cristina well , all right , well , call I if you want I to come . juan ANTONIO okay , of course . cristina okay ? juan ANTONIO of course . 72 . ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - night Juan Antonio open the gate and hurry to he convertible . narrator ( v.0 . ) Juan Antonio hurried out in the dead of night . Juan Antonio open the convertible and sit down in it . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / bedroom - night cristina sit up in bed and try to read . narrator ( v.0 . ) cristina try to go back to sleep ... but have a uneasy feel . dissolve to : int . juan ANTONIO 's house / bedroom - later cristina roll around uncomfortably in bed . narrator ( v.0 . ) she doze restively , but awoke at the darkest hour . cristina sit up in bed and exit . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / kitchen - night cristina stand at the stove prepare coffee . the sound of the front door open be hear . cristina I be just up here make coffee ! be everything okay ? cristina turn around and see Juan Antonio enter from the staircase with maria elena , he beautiful Spanish ex- wife , who carry she bag over she shoulder . Juan hold hand with Maria Elena , who have be cry . juan ANTONIO okay , uh , cristina , this be Maria Elena . 73 . Maria Elena step away as Juan Antonio let go of she hand . Maria elean sigh . cristina stare at she . cristina oh . Maria Elena look down and shake she head . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) I feel like such a fool . joder . I siento como una tonta . juan ANTONIO eh , eh , here you have to speak English . please . maria elena I be embarrassed . juan ANTONIO okay . cristina walk toward they . cristina oh , no . uh ... please , do not feel embarrassed . can I get you anything at all ? Maria Elena look up at cristina . maria elena vodka . juan ANTONIO a vodka ? cristina look at Juan Antonio and Maria Elena . juan ANTONIO ( cont have ) subtitles ( in Spanish ) you be go to have a vodka ete vas a tomar un vodka now ? with all that pill you ahora ? con todas las take ? be you crazy , or what ? pastillas que the have tomado , éte vas a tomar un vodka ahora ? é tu esta loca , of qué the pasa ? 74 . Maria Elena look down and shake she head . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) I want to take a shower , Juan I quiero duchar , Juan Antonio , can I ? I want to get Antonio . '' puedo ? I quiero rid of this clothes . quitar esto ya de una puta vez . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) in English , in English . Maria Elena , when you be here , you have to speak English , all right ? Juan Antonio point to the guest room . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) you want to take a shower , you go there , in the guest room . maria elena subtile ( in Spanish ) so now I be a guest in my own é qué , estoy de invitada en mis house ? propia casa ? juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) Si . you be a guest . Maria Elena rub she eye and whimper . juan ANTONIO ( cont have ) subtitles ( in Spanish ) go on Maria Elena , please . venga , Maria Elena , por go on ... there . you know where favor . venga , ahi , ya sabe the room be . donde esta el cuarto . Maria Elena walk across the live room . cristina so ... what 's go on ? Juan Antonio walk to cristina . juan ANTONIO nothing . Juan Antonio kiss she . he then walk to the stove . 75 . cristina what ? juan ANTONIO eh , nothing , nothing . cristina be everything okay ? juan ANTONIO I , I think she 's okay , yeah . I mean ...eh ... Juan Antonio pick up a cup of coffee , then turn to cristina . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) thing , thing do not work out for she in Madrid and , and ... she come bas - , she come back on the bus tonight , alone . her whole world look black and all she plan have come to nothing and ... she overdose in the bus terminal . cristina oh , my God , that 's terrible . juan ANTONIO yeah . she have to stay with we . cristina look at Juan Antonio . cristina what ? she 's gonna stay with we ? juan ANTONIO yeah . she have to stay with we . I mean , she have no money . Juan Antonio pull out a chair from the table and sit down . cristina sit down on the table and look at he . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) she have no one capable of caring for she and ... and I , I always ... I be always she connection to the real life and ... cristina uh-huh , I understand , but I mean how can she stay here ? 76 . Juan Antonio shake he head at she . juan ANTONIO uh , you know , I think ... Juan Antonio stand up . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ... I think that she can not be trust to stay alone . that 's the problem , because , I mean , even if ... let I think , even if I ... ifa place could be work out ... cristina well , maybe she need psychiatric help . juan ANTONIO no . Juan Antonio sit back down . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) she 's always have bad experience with doctor . that 's -- cristina I ko -- I understand , but , but where be she gonna stay ? Juan Antonio gesture toward the guest room . juan ANTONIO in there . cristina well , how long be she gonna stay here ? Juan Antonio lean toward cristina and clasp she shoulder juan ANTONIO cristina , I know ... this be not what you have in mind , but she have to stay with we . cristina no , I , I understand , I understand . juan ANTONIO she have , she have no one else . 77 . cristina like , I understand , it 's only for a short time . juan ANTONIO yes , a few month at most . cristina look at he with surprise . cristina she 's stay for a few month ? juan ANTONIO listen , I have be through this with she before . so .. I mean , if ... shit . Juan Antonio stand up and pace across the kitchen . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) puta mierda , cofio . if you have only know she when , when I first meet she , I mean , she beauty ... Juan Antonio sit back down . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ... she beauty take you breath away . cristina yes , I know . juan ANTONIO and she be so talented , she be so brilliant ... she be so sensual , and , I mean ... she choose I ... froma hundred man ready to , ready , ready to kill for she . cristina uh-huh . juan ANTONIO we be both sure that ... we relation be perfect , but there be something miss . you know ? like , love require such a perfect balance . it 's ... like the human body . 78 . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) it may turn that you have all the vitamin and mineral , but if ... there be minus a single , tiny ingredient ... miss , like , like , like , like , ooh , like salt , for example ... one die . cristina Salt ? int . juan ANTONIO 's house / corridor - night Juan Antonio can be see through a window make up the bed in the guest room for Maria Elena . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) who be she ? éy ella quién es ? juan ANTONIO she be the woman I live with and ... you have to speak English around she . please . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) why ? for she sake ? cé por qué ? '' por ella ? juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) yes , exactly , out of courtesy . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / guest room - same Maria Elena sit in a chair wear only a towel after she shower . she shake she head at Juan Antonio as he continue to make the bed . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) I do not trust she , Juan no I fio , Juan Antonio . Los Antonio . her eye be not one ojo , no los tiene de un solo color color . juan ANTONIO you always have paranoid idea about every woman I have ever know . maria elena ( in Spanish ) es guapa , ¢eh ? 79 . subtitles she 's pretty . juan ANTONIO ( cont no ) si. maria elena ( in Spanish ) é tu cree que va a ser suficiente para it ? subtitles do you think she will be enough for you ? juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) well ... she 's , she 's quite intelligent and she isa freethinker , like you . maria elena like I ? juan ANTONIO yes . maria elena ( in Spanish ) siempre buscadndome en todas das mujere . juan ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) no , eso no es verdad , Maria Elena . no. eso no es verdad . subtitles you be still search for I in every woman . subtitles this be not true , Maria Elena . Juan Antonio put a pillowcase on a pillow . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ( in Spanish ) estuve en oviedo hace una semanas con una mujer que era el antitesis de it ... una mujer americana . y tuvimo una cosa ... I paso una cosa preciosa con ella . Asi que no es verdad . subtitles I be in oviedo some week ago with a woman who be the antithesis of you ... a american , and something beautiful happen with she . so you be mistaken . 80 . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) you will always seek to I da igual , I da igual . duplicate what we have . you siempre intentaras duplicar know it . lo que tuviste conmigo y tu lo sabe . Juan Antonio put down the pillow , then turn and gesture angrily at Maria Elena . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) please , keep -- please , here in this house , speak English . that 's all I ask . all right ? maria elena subtitle ( in Spanish ) do not talk to I like that . no I hables asi . Maria Elena shake she head at Juan Antonio . maria elena why be you , why be you get so angry at I ?! juan ANTONIO why in the world -- maria elena why be you get so angry at I ?! juan ANTONIO why --? listen . listen . why be you think about kill yourself ? I mean , what a stupid idea do cross on you mind ! I mean , try to kill yourself , for Christ 's sake ! Maria Elena sigh . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) stay here until you get back on you foot , and then I beg you please , get out of my life ! Juan Antonio exit . 81 . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) we come so close to ay , qué cerquita estuvimos de perfection , you and I la perfeccion , tu y yo . juan ANTONIO ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) you be too damage . maria elena and you love that . Juan Antonio scoff . maria elena ( cont have ) subtitles ( in Spanish ) you have always like my mood si. siempre the han gustado swing . mis ... tu lo sabe . Maria Elena walk to the bed and sit down . maria elena ( cont have ) subtitles ( in Spanish ) but what be miss , Juan cpero qué es lo que nos Antonio ? what be miss ? faltaba , Juan Antonio ? juan ANTONIO speak English ! Maria Elena shake she head with annoyance . maria elena I do not like she for you ! I do not trust she . and you know I always have you best interest . Juan Antonio reenter , sit down on the bed and look at Maria Elena . juan ANTONIO well , eh , not when you try to kill I . Maria Elena wave she hand dismissively at he . maria elena oh , that . 82 . juan ANTONIO y - yeah , that . that small detail . yes . Juan Antonio rub he face with exasperation . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) I mean , I mean , eh , you ... you be suspicious of she because she be now my lover . I mean , it 's so obvious . Maria Elena reach out and tousle he hair , but Juan Antonio pull away from she . maria elena ( in Spanish ) que no , que no . que the veo muy perdido , muy confundido , Juan Antonio , desde que se acabo lo nuestro . para eso tanto hablar de renunciar al amor y a las mujere . para acabar perdiendo la cabeza ... no por una , por dos turistas americana . ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - subtitles no , no . I see you so lose so confuse , since we split up . for all you talk of swear off woman and renounce love to end up lose you head not for one , but two american tourist . Juan Antonio , cristina and Maria Elena sit around a table in the backyard and eat breakfast . Maria Elena smoke a cigarette and stare at cristina . cristina look at Maria Elena and smile politely . juan ANTONIO ( to cristina ) more coffee ? cristina yes , please . Juan Antonio pick up the coffee pot and start to pour coffee into cristina 's cup . some of the coffee splashes out of the cup . juan ANTONIO I be sorry . cristina it 's okay . 83. Maria Elena sneer . juan ANTONIO here 's sugar . cristina oh no , thank you , thank you . juan ANTONIO I think we could go for a ride to the countryside later . Maria Elena rub she fist against the side of she mouth . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) I mean , the ... the weather be beautiful . Maria Elena bite she fingernails . she look up at the sky . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) it 's definitely go to rain yo creo que va a llover mas later . tarde . llueve seguro . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) in English . cristina shake she head . cristina oh , no , it 's fine . maria elena you speak no Spanish ? cristina no , I -I , uh , study chinese . maria elena chinese ? why ? cristina I think it sound pretty . maria elena say something in chinese . cristina me? 84 . maria elena mm-hm . cristina um ... no hao mar ? maria elena you think that sound pretty ? cristina gesture nervously . cristina well , I -- maybe not the way I be pronounce it , of course , but ... Maria Elena look down and rub she forehead . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) if you ask I chinese sound a mis el chino I suena de lo strident . it 's like a drill mas estridente , vamos . Te to the head . taladra el cerebro . cristina look to Juan Antonio , who glare at Maria Elena . juan ANTONIO speak English , Maria Elena . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) you ever hear they in the cadema have visto la cocina kitchen of a chinese de los restaurante ? lo mas restaurant ? it 's so desagradable . unpleasant . juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish ) Maria Elena , enough . Maria Elena , basta . Christina stare at Maria Elena . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) speak English . Maria Elena put out she cigarette . maria elena mierda . I be sorry , I be nervous today . I have bad dream . 85 . Maria Elena walk toward the house . Juan Antonio take a cigarette out of a pack . juan ANTONIO would you like to paint ? cristina ( to Maria Elena ) oh , do you paint , also ? Maria Elena gesture at Juan Antonio with disbelief . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) do I paint , she ask . que si pinto , dice . Maria Elena wag she finger at Juan Antonio . maria elena ask he , ask he . ah , he steal everything from I . his whole style . Juan Antonio rub the back of he head and look at cristina . juan ANTONIO she like to make up this storey . Maria Elena put a cigarette in she mouth . maria elena Juan Antonio , you whole way of see be mine . juan ANTONIO I be not say that you be not influential . maria elena influential ? juan ANTONIO yes . maria elena influential ? juan ANTONIO but -- yes , influential , but I be , but to say I steal you style -- 86 . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) hypocrite , hypocrite , hipocrita , hipdcrita , hypocrite . hipocrita . Maria Elena walk as she light she cigarette . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) to say that I steal you style be too delusional . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) it 's okay . we paint side que no pasa nada . que by side for many year , and pintamos junto durante you adopt my vision as you muchos afios y tu adoptaste mis own . vision como tuya , y punto . juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish ) that 's a tale you invent bueno , esa es una historia and like to spread . but it 's que the inventas tu , que the not true . gusta contar por ahi pero que no es verdad . Juan Antonio gesture at cristina . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ( to cristina ) uh , she always have problem with reality and I be not go to get angry . I be not go to get angry . maria elena okay , what do they say in art school ? they say I be a genius , right ? juan ANTONIO I be always , I always encourage you talent . maria elena not talent , I be not talk about talent . I say genius . genius . juan ANTONIO I come close to kill for you . 87. maria elena yeah , you come close to kill I . with a chair . cristina turn and look at Juan Antonio . juan ANTONIO I be defend myself , and you have a razor , and you be drunk ... with a razor and raging ! maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) that be jealousy - I be que eran celo que eran crazy for you and you celo , Juan Antonio , y tu lo betrayed I - with agustino 's sabe . que yo estaba loca por wife . it y tu I traicionaste . juan ANTONIO ( cont no ) never . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) with you eye ! with you Si , si , si . con la mujer de eye . agustino . con la mirada , con la mirada . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) you want to kill I for look ? maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) I do not want to talk about que no quiero hablar de eso that anymore , okay ? it 's ya , gvale ? se acabo. over . maria elena ( in English ) no , I - I -I , I see you with , with someone else now and I be fine . I be fine , I be civil . what else do you want ? 88 . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / studio - day Maria Elena stand above a canvas and paint on it . there be bucket of paint all around the room . cristina stand on the balcony and look down on she . narrator ( v.0 . ) as the day pass , cristina observe Maria Elena and Juan Antonio , and find the heart more puzzle than ever . cristina turn and walk down a hallway . through a window Juan Antonio can be see painting behind the house . cristina wave at he through the window . he put down a cigarette and walk through a doorway into the house . juan ANTONIO where be you ? be you write ? cristina yeah . juan ANTONIO yes ? cristina I be try to . juan ANTONIO hey . cristina lean toward Juan Antonio . cristina I be so curious . do she really think that you steal from she ? juan ANTONIO ummm . well , um , I - I guess I take ... more from she than I like to admit , yes . that 's why I be always so ... sensitive when she bring it up . cristina ( whisper ) yeah cristina turn and walk down the hall . Juan Antonio follow she . 89 . cristina ( cont would ) I feel kinda sad . juan ANTONIO why ? cristina ' Cause I feel like I be never gonna be able to , um ... cristina and Juan Antonio stop and cristina turn toward he . cristina ( cont would ) ...to influence you or inspire you in any way . juan ANTONIO oh , no , that 's not true . cristina that 's how I feel . juan ANTONIO that 's not true . that 's not true . Juan Antonio shake he head at she . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) I never hear the scriabin , the scriab - , the scriabin - -? cristina yeah . juan ANTONIO -- piano sonata until you play the recording for I and now I can not stop listen to it . cristina no ? Juan Antonio smile at she . juan ANTONIO no . cristina well , that make I happy . cristina lean toward Juan Antonio to kiss he , but he pull away from she . 90 . below , Maria Elena , work on she painting , look up toward the hallway . cristina ( cont no ) what ? juan ANTONIO uh , maybe it 's not a good idea here . cristina what ? juan ANTONIO I mean , she 's be ... better lately , and , uh , I do not want to ... upset she . cristina shake she head . cristina of course , no . okay . Juan Antonio walk away . cristina turn and look toward the studio . int . classroom - day a instructor lecture to some student , vicky among they . BEN , a young man and student , look at vicky . narrator ( v.0 . ) it be at vicky 's afternoon language class , which she take several day a week to improve she Spanish that she meet Ben , a young man who could not stop notice she and start to chat she up each day . int . language school / hallway - day vicky and Ben walk down a staircase . BEN yeah , I can not believe they hire I at the consulate , ' cause my Spanish be less than perfect , to say the least . vicky wave she hand at he . 91 . vicky no , I think it 's , it 's good , it 's good . BEN ah , it 's all right . vicky but be , be you enjoy you time in Barcelona ? vicky and Ben walk out of the building . BEN um ... I would if I have more friend . vicky right . BEN yesterday , I walk from the beach up to Park giiell in search of gaudi . ext . language school / hallyway - continuous vicky and Ben walk across a landing . BEN hey ... vicky and Ben stop , then turn to one another . BEN ( cont would ) ... you wanna see a movie ? vicky um , a movie ? BEN Wednesday ? afternoon ? vicky uh...eh , yeah . int . movie theater - day the movie screen show a black - and - white image of uncle Charlie , who walk down a train corridor . uncle Charlie be a character play by Joseph cotten in the 1943 Alfred hitchcock masterpiece shadow of a doubt . 92 . uncle Charlie grab he niece Charlie ( play by Teresa wright ) by the arm . Charlie try to run away from uncle Charlie . uncle Charlie grab Charlie and prepare to throw she off the train . narrator ( v.0 . ) the movie be a great success , and Ben prove to be very good company for vicky . ext . fruit store - day Ben and vicky , visible through the window , be shopping in the store . narrator ( v.0 . ) one afternoon , they duck into a store to buy some cherries and when the storekeeper take a phone call in the back ... int . fruit store - continuous Ben reach toward vicky and clasp she hand . narrator ( v.0 . ) ... he could not resist take she hand . vicky uh...uh , no . vicky pull she hand away from Ben . vicky ( cont have ) do not . I .... BEN no ? vicky ehhh , no . yyyy - you - you - you do know ... that I be , I be recently marry . BEN yeah , I ... I guess I be under the impression that ... maybe you jump into it too quick , maybe you regret it ...? 93 . vicky regret ? have , have I imply that ? BEN unless I read into it . vicky no , I ... I should not tell you this . I , I , uh ... you know what ? I be always someone who think I know exactly what I want . BEN but you do not . vicky shake she head nervously . vicky well , no , I , I , I meet somebody else and , uh ... I be not gonna get into that story . BEN so , this guy you meet ? vicky the guy be , be live with my best friend . ( sigh ) you know ? ( chuckle ) what be I talk about ? when I ... when I hear myself , it 's just , it 's just crazy . I just marry the guy I want . BEN do you ? vicky I think so . BEN so ? what happen ? vicky shake she head . vicky one goddamn weekend in oviedo . 94 . ext . country road - day Juan Antonio , cristina and Maria Elena ride they bicycle down the road . narrator ( v.0 . ) cristina , Juan Antonio and Maria Elena go riding in the country . Maria Elena have decide they would all cook a big dinner together and she insisted they pick fresh blackberry . Juan Antonio ride ahead . cristina wait for I ! maria elena ... give I vertigo ... ext . wood - day Juan Antonio and cristina lay a blanket down on top of a hill . Maria Elena stand under some tree at the base of a slope . cristina this be the perfect spot . juan ANTONIO here , like that ... like that . cristina okay , wait . can you get some th -- juan ANTONIO okay , here . Juan Antonio , pick up a backpack , suddenly hunch over with pain . juan ANTONIO ( cont no ) ow , ow . cristina what 's wrong , what 's wrong ? juan ANTONIO ( chuckle ) ow. 95 . cristina what , what , what ? juan ANTONIO ay , ay . cristina what happen ? juan ANTONIO I -- cristina step behind Juan Antonio . Maria Elena glance over she shoulder at they . cristina wait , no , sit down . sit-sit-sit - sit-sit-sit-sit , sit-sit-sit . cristina help Juan Antonio down onto he knee . cristina ( cont would ) be it you upper or you lower ? cristina kneel down as Juan Antonio gesture toward he upper back . juan ANTONIO here . cristina here ? juan ANTONIO yeah . cristina start to massage he shoulder and upper back . cristina hold on , wait . juan ANTONIO ah . ow . Juan Antonio hunch down toward the ground . cristina let I -- ooh , ooh , ooh . here , wait , let I .... juan ANTONIO ooh. 96 . cristina here . you want some aspirin ? juan ANTONIO ah , yeah . cristina I have aspirin in my , in my bag . juan ANTONIO all right , all right . cristina okay . you relax , I will be right back . juan ANTONIO all right . Juan Antonio hold he shoulder . cristina stand up and walk to the bicycle . cristina take she purse off she bicycle . she turn and walk back toward Juan Antonio and stop . she look at he in surprise as Maria Elena kneel behind he on the ground and massage he neck . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ahi , ahi . maria elena mucha tension , de pensar . oh , to the world , he 's carefree , nothing matter , life be short and with no purpose kind of thing . but all he fear just go to he head . oye , relajate . juan ANTONIO Si , con esa mano que tiene .... Juan Antonio look at cristina . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ( to cristina ) do you know , she , she play piano ? cristina sit down . cristina no , I , I ... I do not know . be that why you have a piano in the house ? 97 . maria elena well , I could have be a concert pianist . juan ANTONIO yes , you could have . I mean , no one play scarlatti like Maria Elena . and ... she understand scarlatti . be I right ? maria elena do you play music ? cristina look hesitantly at Maria Elena and shake she head . cristina no , I just have to come face to face with the fact that I be not gift , you know ? i- I can appreciate art and I love music , but ... it 's sad , really , because I feel like I have a lot to express and I be not gift . maria elena but you do have talent . cristina no. maria elena yes . cristina I - - what 's my talent ? maria elena you take beautiful photograph . juan ANTONIO that 's true . she always take picture that she hide from I . cristina look nervously at Juan Antonio and Maria Elena . cristina that 's -- no , that 's , that 's because they be nothing . how do you know I take picture ? Maria Elena stop massage Juan Antonio 's neck . 98 . maria elena I find they in you luggage . cristina look at Maria Elena with disbelief . cristina you go through my luggage ? maria elena of course I go through you luggage . first night I be in the house , I do not trust you . I do not believe you be who you say you be . I want to know who be really share the bed of my ex - husband . cristina what ?! maria elena who know what I would find there ? how could I be sure you be not go to hurt I ? after all , I have thought of kill you . Maria Elena start to massage Juan Antonio 's neck again . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / live room - day Juan Antonio and Maria Elena , sit in a chair , look through print of cristina 's photograph . cristina hand they more of she photograph . cristina so , here 's a , uh , few more . cristina hand more photograph to they . Juan Antonio and Maria Elena look excitedly at the photograph . cristina ( cont would ) I , do not say you like them if you do not like ‘em . maria elena ( to Juan Antonio ) look at this . juan ANTONIO no-no . what be you talk about ? they be beautiful . 99 . maria elena they be beautiful ! juan ANTONIO yeah , you see ? maria elena look at this . ext . barcelona street - day cristina and Maria Elena walk past some fountain . cristina hold she digital camera as Maria Elena gesture around she and point a film camera . narrator ( v.0 . ) the next day , Maria Elena go out photograph with cristina . she have a superb eye and know a lot about the art of photography and teach cristina much about the aesthetics and subtlety of picture take . she advise she to get rid of she digital camera and use a old one for more interesting result . she say it be important to have a darkroom and that she would set one up in the basement for cristina and teach she various technique of develop she own picture . cristina and Maria Elena point they camera at a tourist . a man hold a dog on a leash . cristina , stand beside Maria Elena , point she digital camera at he dog . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) they photograph everything , from silly - look dog ... ext . park - later cristina hurry to four child , who be pose for a photograph . narrator ( v.0 . ) ...to grim -face child . but the best subject ... 100 . ext . barcelona street - day cristina gesture at Maria Elena and pose she in front of some graffiti on a wall . narrator ( v.0 . ) ... be Maria Elena herself . cristina yeah , just against the , yeah . Maria Elena pose against the wall . cristina step back and take multiple photograph of she . ext . pedestrian mall - day adam tabachnik , a businessman , and sally walk with some shopping bag . narrator ( v.0 . ) Shopping one afternoon , vicky and Doug run into Adam tabachnick and Sally . Adam and Sally stop and turn to see Doug and vicky , who walk down the mall . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) Adam be in the same business Doug be in , and they be friendly , although in New York , they do not spend a lot of time together . sally do we know you ? doug oh , my -- Sally , oh , my God . Sally laugh . adam how be ya ? doug ( chuckle ) oh , my God , you get to be kid I . Doug step toward Adam and embrace he . Sally smile at vicky . 101 . adam ( chuckle ) Doug . sally hi. vicky hi. sally it 's good to see you . vicky oh . ext . restaurant terrace - night Adam and Doug and Sally and vicky sit at a table . a guitarist sit in a chair and plays a guitar . Adam , ignore the guitarist , gesture at Doug . adam any program on t.v . uh , obviously , anything live , you can play it back on you computer . so I be ona flight to Tokyo . I be forty thousand foot up in the air . doug oh , my God . as Sally , Adam and Doug chat with one another , vicky , ignore they , look raptly at the guitarist . adam and I be watch the Met , live on my laptop . sally ( chuckle ) it 's amazing . you be never out of touch . doug well , we be gonna have the new house wire for everything . I be , I be lookin ' at that new japanese high -definition t.v. screen . 102 . adam yeah , well , you have get to have my guy do you installation . doug yeah . adam he 's just a genius with computer and .... doug I , I get it . I will get he card . sally ( to vicky ) we just do we place in greenwich . you have to see it . vicky turn to Sally . sally ( cont have ) we have , we have this wonderful decorator you should use . he 's , um , he 's creative , but he know when to back off . we do it , uh modern ... with just a splash of antique here and there . I love combine the two , but God , the price . do you have any idea what a good size oriental rug cost ? doug she 's right . she 's right . a- actually , there 's a old joke . " a hundred thousand for a Persian rug ? for fifty thousand , I can get .... Doug 's joke fade away as vicky turn back to the guitarist ext . nash house - day a group of guest be at a party on the terrace of the nash House . narrator ( v.0 . ) life continue predictably for vicky and Doug ... 103 . int . nash house / live room - day vicky , hold a glass of wine , walk through a patio doorway off the terrace . narrator ( v.0 . ) ... until one afternoon , when a unpredictable moment occur . vicky look through a window into a inner courtyard and react with surprise : Judy and jay , Mark 's business partner be kissing passionately . vicky ( whisper ) oh ...my god. Judy step back , then look up at vicky . ext . barcelona HOTEL - day vicky walk across the sidewalk toward the front of the hotel . a sign on the hotel read : HOTEL casa fuster . narrator ( v.0 . ) several day later , Judy ask vicky to meet she privately , away from the house to have coffee . int . barcelona HOTEL / lounge - day Judy and vicky sit on a sofa with a coffee table in front of they . vicky pick up a cup of coffee . judy what happen the other day , I ... ( sigh ) I do not want you to get the wrong idea . vicky oh , no - no - no - no , that 's really none of my business . I have -- judy I , I - I be not have a affair with Mark 's partner . I be not . vicky no , I , I do not think you be . 104 . judy N - , uh ... not that I have not have fantasy of , of someone come along and , and take I out of my situation ... but , uh , the fantasy be not jay Lewis . eh , mm , even though he would , he would like that . he would . vicky by take you out of you situation ...? judy oh. I have not ... I have not be in love with Mark ... for year . I m - , I - I love he , but I be , I be not ... in love with he . vicky I be sorry to hear that . judy I mean , eh , it 's , uh ... it 's funny . I , I just make ... I just make the same speech to my shrink . huh . vicky well , what do you shrink say ? judy uh...he say , um ... that I be , I be too frighten ... to act and that ... that I be look for some kind of magical solution , which , which be unrealistic and that I ... i- - and a affair be , be not the answer . and I , I do not , I be sorry to be lay all of this on you , but I be so humiliate when you see we . vicky oh , no , oh , no , oh , no . look , I - - judy I be just .... vicky look , you , eh , you must not feel that you have to explain yourself to I . I - - 105 . judy I mean ... Mark be great . ( weep softly ) I be sure any ... any dissatisfaction I have be my own problem . vicky no. judy I be just , uh ... I , I , I can not leave he and I know that I never will . vicky well ... why not ? judy I be just , I can not . I be ... too scared . and the mo -- the moment 's pass . ext . father 's house - day Juan Antonio 's father walk to Juan Antonio 's car as he son cristina and Maria Elena get out of the car . Maria Elena run around the car and embrace Juan Antonio 's father joyfully . the father let go of Maria Elena and step toward Juan Antonio . they kiss on the cheek . ext . father 's house - later cristina and Maria Elena walk across the yard . cristina it 's so apparent to I that you and Juan Antonio be still in love when I see you together . maria elena mm. we love ... cristina you know ? maria elena we love will last forever . it 's forever , but it just do not work that 's why it will always be romantic . because it can not be complete . 106 . cristina well , maybe it can not be complete because , you know , I be get in the way or , I do not know . I feel like ... Maria Elena shake she head . maria elena no. before you ... cristina .. if I -- maria elena ... before you , we use to cause each other so much pain , so much suffer . without you , all this would not be possible . you know why ? because you be the miss ingredient . you be like the tint that , add to a palette , make the color beautiful . cristina and Maria Elena stop and sit down on a bench . Maria Elena light a cigarette . cristina you know , be not you and Juan Antonio tempt to make love ? I feel like , I do not know . maria elena no - no . a- at the end of we marriage , we do not . but I have to say , that feeling be come back now ... thanks to you ... in a new and deeper way . cristina well , I would not be upset about it . you know , I would never want to get in the way . it would not , it would not upset I at all . maria elena I know you would not be upset . the same way I get this warm feel when I hear you both lock in passion every night . I listen and I be happy . 107 . ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - day cristina , hold a glass of wine , wander between the tree in the backyard . narrator ( v.0 . ) be cristina okay with it when Maria Elena and Juan Antonio make love one afternoon ? beforehand , she give they both she bless , but then have mix feeling . she be not quite as open-minded as she have always imagine herself , and the think of the two of they in bed , and inevitably full of intensity , cause she some conflict . cristina sit down on a chair . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) in the end , she gradually relaxed and let herself go with the flow of thing , a tolerance she be proud of . ext . barcelona street - day cristina , vicky and Doug walk down a street . cristina at first , it do bother I , but then I start to think about all this standard , accept clich of love , you know , what 's right what 's wrong , what 's appropriate , accord to the " appropriate police . " vicky mm-hm . cristina and , you know , you see how screw up most relationship be , you know what I mean ? doug so what you be say be you be share a man . you be like a mormon wife . 108 . cristina I , I know it sound strange , but actually , we all contribute to the relationship and we be all really nourish by it . doug but if everyone do that , society could not function that way . cristina oh , come on ! vicky shake she head . vicky no , Doug , come on , let 's not get into one of that turgid , categorical imperative argument . cristina you know , Maria Elena believe that there be many truth in life , not just one . vicky whatever work . Doug look at vicky with disbelief . doug whatever work ? vicky yeah . doug I do not know . I mean , babe ... Doug clasp vicky by the arm . doug ( cont would ) ... could you live like that ? vicky well , it , I - I never have cristina 's .... doug what ? cristina 's lack of structure ? 109 . cristina it 's very structure , actually . vicky her courage , I never have she courage . doug her courage ? courage ? Doug , cristina and vicky walk to a table at a sidewalk cafe . doug ( cont have ) next thing , she will be go to bed with Maria Elena and glorify it as some kind of superior alternative lifestyle . Doug sit across from cristina and vicky . cristina look at Doug . cristina oh , I have go to bed with she Doug and vicky look at cristina with surprise . vicky no ! cristina yeah . vicky when ? cristina well , Juan Antonio and Maria Elena have make this darkroom for I , you know . they be both push I to take photograph and , uh , actually , I be get pretty good . believe it or not , I be get much more confident . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / darkroom - day - flashback cristina put a photograph of Maria Elena in a bath of develop fluid . photograph hang on the wall around the room . 110 . cristina ( v.0 . ) and , and we be down there in the darkroom , and , um ... I be just work on some of my photograph , thing that ... you know , I would not have do if she have not inspire I . cristina step to some of the develop bath as Maria Elena pick up a photograph and look at it . Maria look around at the photograph on the line . Maria Elena take some photograph out of the developer and look at they . Maria Elena stop and look at a photograph in the develop solution . cristina hold up several photograph of Maria Elena and look at they . she take one of the photograph of Maria Elena pose against the graffiti and hold up the photograph against another , which be hang on the line . Maria Elena walk up beside cristina . Maria Elena run she hand down cristina 's arm , then cristina run she hand up onto Maria Elena 's shoulder . cristina lower the photograph , then turn to Maria Elena . Maria Elena caress cristina 's face . then they kiss . they lean back and caress one another , then kiss passionately . ext . sidewalk cafe - day cristina smile at vicky . cristina and it happen very naturally for both of we . vicky and Doug stare at cristina . vicky you be not nervous ? cristina no , no , it be very loving and gentle . vicky do you enjoy it ? cristina nod she head . 111. cristina mm-hm . I do . a waitress enter and put down glass and silverware on the table . vicky and ...eh , be , it be just the one time ? cristina yeah , yeah . the waitress leave . cristina ( cont would ) I mean , it just happen , you know ? I be not plan on make a habit out of it , necessarily . Doug gesture hesitantly at cristina . doug but if you ... enjoy it , come on .... cristina I do , I do ... at the time . vicky well , do you tell Juan Antonio ? cristina yeah , of course . there 's nothing to hide . doug would you say , then , you be a bisexual ? cristina no ... I see no reason to label everything . I be I ! you know ? and I have sleep with Juan Antonio since and enjoy that experience very much . vicky shake she head . vicky wow . it 's a great story . vicky chuckle softly . 112. Doug nervously move around the silverware on the table . doug yep . that 's a... great story . Doug open he napkin and put it down on he lap . doug ( cont have ) hey , look , I d -- I do not set myself up as a judge , so .... int . nash house / bedroom - night Doug sit on the bed and type on he laptop computer . he glance at vicky as she brushes she hair thoughtfully in the bathroom . doug what be you think ? vicky hm ? oh , I do not know . how quickly time pass . vicky walk to the bed . vicky ( cont have ) summer 's almost over . we be go home soon . vicky sit down on the edge of the bed . doug I think you be still , uh dwelling about you friend 's little tale of lust in the darkroom . vicky stop brush she hair and look down . Doug put down he laptop and crawl across the bed to she . doug ( cont have ) and speak of darkroom .... Doug kneel behind vicky and kiss she shoulder . doug ( cont have ) come here . Doug lean toward vicky and kiss she around she face . Doug gently pull vicky down on the bed as they continue to kiss . 113 . ext . barcelona street - day cristina walk down the sidewalk in a crowd of pedestrian . cristina stop and take a photograph of some flower ina flower stall . she continue walk and then stop to take another photograph . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / darkroom - day cristina develop photograph as Juan Antonio and Maria Elena watch . narrator ( v.0 . ) over the next week , cristina become more and more sure of herself as a photographer . both Juan Antonio and Maria Elena contribute idea and support when she have doubt . thanks to they encouragement , photography be become a productive interest in she life . Maria Elena rub cristina 's shoulder . cristina smile , then kiss Juan Antonio . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) by now , she and Juan Antonio and Maria Elena have become lover . Maria Elena and cristina caress one another 's cheek , then kiss . ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - day Maria Elena sit beside the pool and gently rock she foot in the water . Juan Antonio paint on a canvas . cristina sit in a chair and hold a book in she hand . narrator ( v.0 . ) everything seem perfectly balanced , perfectly in tune . Maria Elena be calm and relaxed . Juan Antonio be go through a very creative period with he painting . cristina look up thoughtfully . 114 . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) it be only cristina , as the last day of summer expire , who begin to experience a old , familiar stir ... a grow restlessness that she dread , but recognize only too well . ext . beach - day cristina sit on some stone step beside the sea and stare thoughtfully out at the water . narrator ( v.0 . ) suddenly , thought start take precedence over feeling . thought and question about life and love . and , as much as she try to resist this idea , she could not get they from she mind . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / kitchen - day Maria Elena , in the middle of drying dish , look at cristina with shock . Juan Antonio turn and look at cristina . juan ANTONIO you be move out ? narrator ( v.0 . ) finally summoning she resolve , one evening after dinner , she make a announcement that surprised everyone . cristina I mean , I , I , I , I do not want what vicky have . I do not want what my parent have . I do not want what I have before I come here . I mean , I know that . but I , I , I know I can not live like this forever . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) do I tell you or not ? ete lo dije of no the lo dije ? 115 . juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish ) okay . vale , vale . Maria Elena lean against the counter and rub she face agitatedly . juan ANTONIO what do you want , cristina ? cristina I want something different juan ANTONIO what ? cristina I be , I - I - I do not know . not this . juan ANTONIO there be no answer , cristina . there be no , there be no single answer . Maria Elena turn toward Juan Antonio and gesture angrily at he . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) do not you understand , she 's Juan Antonio , que no lo get what she want . she entiende . que ya ha want something else . this conseguido lo que queria . be not enough for she . quiere otra cosa . que esto ya no le basta . es como una enfermedad , que nunca le va a bastar con nada . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) Maria Elena , Maria Elena . cristina please ... do not get so upset . please . and can you speak English ? I can not understand you . juan ANTONIO a ver , habla inglés , por favor . maria elena ( in Spanish ) nunca se va a conformar con nada , esta nifia . juan ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) Maria Elena , habla inglés para que the pueda entender maria elena ( in Spanish to cristina ) sabia que nos la ibas a jugar , sabia que nos la ibas a jugar y nos la have jugado . como lo sabia . 116 . subtitles this girl will never be satisfied with anything . subtitles speak English so she can understand we . subtitles I know you would use we . I know you would use we . and you use we . I know it . Maria Elena slam she hand down on the counter . juan ANTONIO ( cont no ) ya , vale , vale ... maria elena ( in Spanish ) icomo lo sabia , como lo sabia ! subtitles I know it ! TI know it . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ya. Maria Elena . por fav -- speak English , please so she can understand it , all right ? ya. Maria Elena sob . Maria Elena wag she finger at crisina . maria elena ( to cristina ) chronic dissatisfaction . that 's what you have . chronic dissatisfaction . juan ANTONIO ya , ya . maria elena Big sickness . Big sickness . 117 . juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish ) that 's not it , Maria Elena . eh , no es eso , Maria Elena , that 's not it . it 's simply no es eso . es simplemente ... that ... look at I . es simplemente ... mirame . Juan Antonio clasp Maria Elena by the chin . juan ANTONIO it 's simply that ... Maria Elena look at cristina . maria elena ( to cristina ) how can you ...? do you know how much we love you ? cristina yeah . and I love you both . maria elena no , you do not ! cristina yes , I do . maria elena no , you do not ! cristina it have nothing to do with that ! maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) you spoiled little shit nifia de mierda , nifia de spoil little shit . mierda . juan ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) please , please . please . not , that , not , not -- maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) I know it . I know it . I know icomo lo sabia , como lo it sabia , cémo lo sabia ! Juan Antonio hold he hand over Maria Elena 's mouth , kiss she to calm she down . 118. then juan ANTONIO ( cont no ) ( in Spanish ) oye , callate . callate ya , por favor . subtitles shut up now please . Juan Antonio turn Maria Elena away from cristina . Maria Elena slap she hand down angrily on the stove . juan ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) callate ya . es evidente que no ha encontrado a la persona adecuada . El dia que encuentre a la persona adecuada , que no somo no tu , no somo yo ... pue today esta cosa suya , de encontrar la tranquilidad y la fa ... la felicidad , y todo esto , se le pasara . Maria Elena shake she head and she tap she finger against the maria elena ( in Spanish ) que no es eso . Te lo mete en la cabeza . que no es eso , no es eso . juan ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) ya esta , ya esta . Maria Elena . vale . Juan Antonio look at cristina . subtitles shut up now . it 's simply that she have not meet the right person yet . when she do find the right person - not you or I - this whole thing about find peace and happiness will pass . wipe she eye with she hand . side of he head . subtitles that 's not it . subtitles okay , fine . juan ANTONIO where will you go , cristina ? maria elena que no . 119 . cristina I , um , I just get to get out of here for a few week and I be , just get to clear my head . it 's not -- this be all my ... problem . it have nothing to do with you . Juan Antonio step toward cristina . juan ANTONIO come , come here . ay . cristina step toward Juan Antonio . Juan Antonio embrace cristina and kiss she head . Juan Antonio hold he arm around cristina . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) let 's be ... thankful for all the good time that we have spend together . Maria Elena turn she head away from they . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) all right ? Juan Antonio put he hand on Maria Elena 's back . Maria Elena turn toward they and try to control she emotion . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) and , and remember each other with respect . all right ? and love and affection . all right ? Maria Elena step toward cristina and embrace she . ext . beach - day cristina and vicky sit together on the stone step . narrator ( v.0 . ) cristina tell all that have happen to vicky and say she be go to France for a few week to think thing out . she would return to pick she up , so they could go back to New York together . vicky that 's good for the relationship . 120 . cristina yeah . ext . museum nacional do art - day vicky and Judy walk down the step of the museum . banner on the museum read : '' museu D 's art : EL cartel modern . '' judy so it 's be Juan Antonio all this time ? vicky uh , look , I be , I be not gonna do anything . for-forget I say -- I j- , I just need to tell someone and , and we have become close , so .... judy well , why , why do not you act on it ? vicky what , act now ? judy yes . Judy and vicky walk to a railing where they can see a view of the city . vicky what , break up with Doug , who 's really a sweet guy and marry I in good faith , for the ... for what ? for a bohemian Spanish painter with a passionate tie to a ex - wife ... who probably do not even share my feeling , if he ever do ? judy y- yeah . vicky so -- oh , God , who be I kid ? I , but the , the dream be exciting . judy if , if I be you , I would not waste another minute . I would , I would get on it . I would -- 121 . vicky well , get on what ? judy well , you be in love with he . if -- do something or the , the year will pass by and you will be sorry , vicky . vicky shake she head . vicky no , no . what be you say ? I , look , I can not risk everything . if , if Juan Antonio have never exist , I would be fine with Doug . judy just , you would -- just fine ? vicky yeah , as I plan . judy just fine ? ( scoff ) how , how blunt do you want I to be ? I , when I look at Doug , I ... see mark. I .... vicky yeah , well , you be use I to rewrite you own history . ext . nash house - day through window Judy can be see walk through the live room and talk on a cordless phone . judy ( into telephone ) if , if there 's some way ... narrator ( v.0 . ) despite vicky 's protestation , Judy be possess with find a way to bring she and Juan Antonio together ... and prevaile upon she friend , gabriella , who be a figure in the art world , to throw a party , and invite vicky and Juan Antonio . judy ( into telephone ) 122. yeah , I have he number . ext . bar - day Juan Antonio walk angrily out of the bar and down a street Maria Elena hurry out of the bar and after he . narrator ( v.0 . ) meanwhile , as predict , without cristina , the relationship between Juan Antonio and Maria Elena have go back to its old destructiveness . Maria Elena shove Juan Antonio angrily . people on the street turn and stare at they . Juan Antonio walk down the street . Juan Antonio gesture angrily at Maria Elena . juan ANTONIO ( in Spanish ) ... dedicado de mis tiempo a tus fobias , a tus locura , a tus mierda . eso afecta a mis trabajo , gentiend ? maria elena ( in Spanish ) ique yo no tengo la culpa de que tu trabajo se haya ido a la mierda y yo no tengo la culpa de que no the enteras de nada y no crece y no maduras ! subtitles I devote all my time to you - pamper you , nursing you tics and phobias . my work suffer . subtitles it 's not my fault . it 's not my fault that you work have go to shit and that you do not mature . juan ANTONIO no puedo seguir viviendo asi , Maria Elena . maria elena ( in Spanish ) csabe lo triste que es para mis ver que nunca en tu puta vida the vas a dar cuenta del potencial que tiene ? subtitles do you know what it be like for I to see that you will never realize you full potential ? 123. juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish ) leave I alone . leave I déjame en paz . Maria Elena , alone , please ! déjame en paz , déjame en paz . déjame en paz . Maria Elena stop , then turn back and slap Juan Antonio repeatedly . narrator ( v.0 . ) as have happen before ... ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - day Maria Elena carry she bag , open the gate and walk to a taxi . narrator ( v.0 . ) ... by mutual consent , Maria Elena pack she thing and move out of Juan Antonio 's house . Maria Elena get into the taxi and the taxi move down the street . ext . gabriella 's house - day party guest stand around a pool outside the house . Judy talk to Mark and Doug as vicky look away distractedly . judy ... he 's , he 's a real sweet guy . doug yeah . MARK I , I think he 's sweet . doug yeah . MARK . I mean , he just , he own he .... he get in very close . judy no , he do , he 's not , he 's not a s- he 's not , no , no - no- no . 124 . doug he 's , he 's a , I tell you , he 's a close talker . he 's a close talker . MARK yes . doug yeah , yeah . MARK that 's probably why he 's so successful . judy but he 's , yes . MARK . ' Cause everything just -- doug I be tell she in the car ride over here that I be , I be , I be actually very exci -- I mean , I think he 's gonna be a great contact for I , do not you think ? judy he 's , he 's a wonderful man . vicky step toward the group and gesture at they . vicky I be gonna go check out the food . do anyone want anything ? judy I mean .... doug no. MARK no , I be fine , I guess . judy no , thank you , thank you . Doug kiss Judy . vicky walk toward the house . 125 . judy ( cont have ) no , thank you . MARK come up . doug but he get in you face . judy no - no - no , I mean , he will get a little close , but not that close . but he ... vicky walk toward a buffet table . Juan Antonio be stand near the table . juan ANTONIO hello . vicky turn and look at Juan Antonio with surprise . vicky oh. hello . juan ANTONIO I be surprised to see you . vicky as be I to see you . I do not think you like party . juan ANTONIO yeah , well , gabriella insisted that I come and she 's a old friend . you know , of course , that cristina and I be no longer together , right ? vicky yes . so now you be just with you ex-wife ? juan ANTONIO no , Maria Elena be go as well . vicky oh. for now . Juan Antonio nod , then shake he head . 126. juan ANTONIO eh , uh , it 's funny . um , Maria Elena and I ...we be mean for each other and not mean for each other . it 's ... it 's a contradiction . I mean , in order to understand it , you need a poet , like my father ( chuckle softly ) because I do not . vicky well . juan ANTONIO how about you ? all go well with you husband , I be sure ? vicky oh , yes , yes , he 's wonderful . he 's terrific . I be , I be quite ... delighted with the way thing turn out . juan ANTONIO why do not I believe you ? vicky uh...do not become flirtatious . you know , I realize you , you bed be empty now and you always have a little yen for I , but ... we be prepare to leave by the weekend , so I - - juan ANTONIO meet I for lunch . vicky I be too scared . int . nash house / bedroom - night vicky look at a mirror and rub cream under she eye . Doug stand in the bathroom talk into a cell phone . they be both dress in they underwear . doug ( into cell phone ) no. what ? I , you be , you be break up , Tom . that you be break up . where be you ? 127 . vicky look down wistfully . doug ( cont have ) ( into cell phone ) okay . that 's better . that 's better . yeah , just try to stand still . can you hear I ? ext . market - day Doug and vicky look at a bird in a cage hang from one of the stall in the market . doug we have to get a bird for ... vicky ( chuckle ) uh , no ... doug ... Mark and Judy . vicky ... we can not get ‘em a bird . doug why not ? vicky it 's ridiculous . doug God , they be beautiful . I always , I always want a bird . you know , we should actually , when we get home , I would love to get , like , a bird for the new house . vicky yeah ? doug yeah . I , and you know , I be , I be lean towards bedford Hills . vicky chuckle . doug ( cont have ) what do you think ? vicky 's cell phone ring . 128. vicky yeah , I , yeah . oh , I -- hold on . vicky take she cell phone out of she purse and look at it Doug look back at the bird . vicky answer the cell phone . vicky ( cont have ) hello ? int . juan ANTONIO 's house / studio - day Juan Antonio stand in front of a canvas talk into he cell phone . juan ANTONIO ( into cell phone ) spend tomorrow afternoon with I . ext . market - same Doug lean down toward the bird in the cage as vicky walk and talk into the cell phone . doug ( to bird ) hey , buddy . vicky ( into cell phone ) oh , no , it 's not possible . doug ( to bird ) hey , buddy . vicky ( into cell phone ) we be , we be prepare to leave by the weekend . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / studio - same juan ANTONIO ( into cell phone ) be on the corner of Calle tile , tile in pedralbes , and I will drive by , and I will pick you up at noon . 129 . ext . market - same vicky ( into cell phone ) uh , no , I , uh , you be waste you time , I can not talk now . int . juan ANTONIO 's house / studio - same juan ANTONIO ( into cell phone ) look , look , I be not the kind of man who would try to come between a husband and wife . I be not . I be not . but Judy nash call I and she tell I that you be not happy , that you be actually more in love with I than the man you marry . ext . market - same vicky ( into cell phone ) I can not talk . vicky hang up the phone and put it into she purse . vicky walk back to Doug , who 's stand by the bird cage . he hold up a souvenir make of straw . doug this be nice . a STREET vendor approach doug. doug ( cont have ) yeah , really nice , yeah . STREET vendor she be nice . vicky embrace doug. vicky hey , what 's that ? doug hey , babe . what do you think ? Doug look at the price tag on the souvenir . 130 . doug ( cont have ) who be that ? vicky hm ? doug on the phone . vicky oh , it be , uh , it be my , uh , language teacher . doug yeah ? vicky he want I to have a good - bye lunch with he tomorrow at , at noon . Doug put the souvenir back on the rack . doug oh , that 's perfect . I be gonna play golf with Mark in the morning . int . nash house / bedroom - day vicky walk nervously out of the bathroom . she turn and look at she reflection on a dress table mirror . vicky try on various outfit until she finally settles on a white shirt . ext . avenue pedralbes - day vicky stand on the sidewalk . Juan Antonio arrive in he convertible . Juan Antonio open the door for she . vicky get into the car and Juan Antonio drive down the street ext . juan ANTONIO 's house - day Juan Antonio and vicky sit at a table with dish of food in front of they . Juan Antonio clasp vicky 's arm as he talk to she . vicky and Juan Antonio walk toward the house . juan ANTONIO uh ... if you would like to . uh .... 131 . vicky sure . vicky and Juan Antonio walk into the studio , where there be a number of Juan Antonio 's painting pile up against the wall . juan ANTONIO uh , well , this be ...uh , no , yeah I have be work on this one lately . and ...uh , yeah . vicky oh , they be very overwhelming . juan ANTONIO this be .... vicky oh , my God . juan ANTONIO yeah . I mean , it 's , it 's very hard to explain a painting , right ? Juan Antonio pick up one of he painting . vicky no , you do not have to . it 's , it 's fascinating . it 's fascinating . juan ANTONIO this one , actually , should be ... the other way around , but .... uh ... vicky no , I , I like it very much . can , can I , uh ...can I be frank about something ? juan ANTONIO yeah . vicky gesture at a painting , which be fill with violent swirl of black and white . vicky this one -- it 's , uh ... it 's , uh , there 's something very frightening about ...it. 132 . juan ANTONIO uh... well , that one be Maria Elena 's . Juan Antonio rub up against vicky 's back as she gesture at the painting . vicky right , well , that explain it . it 's very chaotic and ... er-erratic al-almost . but , uh .... Juan Antonio step up behind vicky and embrace she tightly . vicky ( cont have ) oh , God , what be I do here ? I do not know what I expect to happen . juan ANTONIO it 's be , it 's be ... a long time since we make love that night in oviedo . vicky turn toward Juan Antonio and nod . vicky y- yes , I - - juan ANTONIO and I have think about it many , many time . vicky yeah , well , I be sure you be not think about it when you be make love to cristina or , or Maria Elena . Juan Antonio caress she hair . juan ANTONIO well , I , I never lie to you . I , I mean , I tell you from the first moment I be attract to both you and cristina . vicky yeah , I -I , look , I be .... vicky step away and clasp she hand to she face . 133. vicky ( cont have ) I , I can not just go to bed with you . I be ... I be not good at this . juan ANTONIO but you be not nervous that night . vicky I be not marry . juan ANTONIO you be about to be . vicky yeah . you be right . it 's what I want . vicky shake she head a Juan Antonio . vicky ( cont have ) but I -- what , what be I suppose to do ? m- make love with you and then and then go on with my marriage like , like nothing happen ? or , or just terminate it ? juan ANTONIO Judy nash say you be head a unhappy life . vicky yeah , well , I , eh , she 's talk about herself . Juan Antonio shake he head at vicky , then run he finger along she neck . juan ANTONIO but ... maybe you will understand more about you own feeling once we have make love . vicky yeah , or less . uh , look , I , I , I be not say I be not tempt ... vicky lean toward Juan Antonio . 134 . vicky ( cont have ) ... but it would require such a upheaval , emotionally , and , and from a practical point of view , you , you be not exactly the kind of man to plan a , a ... vicky and Juan Antonio kiss passionately . vicky ( cont have ) ... future with . a gunshot be hear . Juan Antonio and vicky turn toward the noise and see Maria Elena hold a pistol . Maria Elena shoot the pistol again at Juan Antonio and vicky . juan ANTONIO iMaria Elena , deja eso ! vicky oh , my God ! oh my God , no ! juan ANTONIO no , no ! Juan Antonio step in front of vicky and wave he hand at Maria Elena . Maria Elena lower the pistol and cock it . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) Maria Elena ! vicky fearfully whimper . Juan Antonio dash toward Maria Elena . vicky what be you do ?! do not juan ANTONIO iMaria Elena , suelta eso ! Juan Antonio grab Maria Elena and struggle with she for the pistol . maria elena ( shriek ) ...la mierda ! j que no ! 135 . juan ANTONIO jsuelta eso , por favor ! Maria Elena . Maria Elena . jsuelta ! iMaria Elena , suelta eso ! j mdtame ! j déjame , que the mato ! j que the mato ! j déjame , que the mato ! the pistol fire and hit a vase . vicky cower and hold she hand over she head . Juan Antonio take the pistol away from Maria Elena . juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish ) you be go to kill Maria Elena , suelta . ddamela , yourself ! ddmela , damela . ya. ya . ya . j Te vas a matar ! maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) I do not want to live ! I do not ique no quiero vivir asi ! want to live , damn it ! ique no quiero ! vicky walk hesitantly forward . maria elena ique no quiero ! juan ANTONIO subtitle ( in Spanish ) let it go . now , now , now . ya , ya , ya . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) do not you understand that I '' cuadndo comprenderas que no do not want to live , that I quiero vivir ? que no se puede can not live like this . vivir asi . juan ANTONIO Maria Elena -- maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) my head be go to explode . i que I va a explotar la I can not take this anymore . I cabeza ! j que no lo aguanto , can not take it anymore . que no aguanto mas ! 136 . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) Maria Elena . Maria Elena . Maria Elena gesture at the pistol in Juan Antonio 's hand . maria elena subtitles ( in Spanish ) give I the gun . give I the Dame la pistola . damela. gun . damn it ! que I des la pistola . que I des la pistola . Maria Elena slam she fist down on a table and sob uncontrollably . juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish ) Maria Elena ? listen to I escuichame , mis amor . mi amor , please , my love . my love , escuchame . listen to I . Juan Antonio reach he hand toward Maria Elena . juan ANTONIO ( cont have ) subtitles ( in Spanish ) come . give I you hand . ven , dame la mano . ven , ya. come . it 's okay . Maria Elena reach out and clasp he arm . juan ANTONIO subtitles ( in Spanish ) it 's okay , my love . it 's ya , ya , mis amor , ya. okay . the pistol in Juan Antonio 's hand suddenly accidentally discharge . Maria Elena and vicky shriek . Juan Antonio drop the pistol to the floor . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ij dios ! vicky hold she hand : the bullet have hit she in the hand . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) oh , my God , be , be you okay ? 137 . vicky oh , my God , oh , my God , oh , my God , my hand ! maria elena oh , my God , I be so sorry ! que I have quitado la pistola . blood spread across vicky 's hand . Juan Antonio go to vicky 's side . vicky gesture at Juan Antonio and Maria Elena . vicky oh , my God , you be both crazy ! you be both complete -- juan ANTONIO be you okay ? let I help you . vicky both of you be completely insane ! juan ANTONIO I be sorry , I be sorry . vicky how the hell be I gonna explain this to my husband ?! juan ANTONIO I be sorry . vicky I , I can not live like this ! juan ANTONIO let I see , let I see . vicky this be not my life ! juan ANTONIO let I see it . Juan Antonio turn toward Maria Elena and gesture angrily at she . juan ANTONIO ( cont would ) ( to Maria Elena ) Maria Elena , Maria Elena . mira lo que have hecho . no puede traer una pistola a casa . mi amor , no puede traer una pistola a casa . 138 . vicky you be d -- I just can not do it ! maria elena I be sorry , I be sorry , I be sorry , I be so sorry . I have bad dream - - vicky I be so .... oh , my -- int . nash house / live room - day Doug and vicky be see through the window walk across the terrace . doug ... understand what you language teacher be do with a gun . vicky ...he , he collect this antique firearm and he be show I he favorite one and it , it just go off . Doug slap he hand together angrily . doug oh , my God ! we should sue he ! that be so damn irresponsible ! vicky and Doug stop on the terrace . vicky turn toward he . vicky no , no , it 's not , it 's not that bad , honestly . doug Jesus . vicky once the bandage come off , it will be , it will be a scratch . doug what would happen if something happen to you ? vicky what ? what be you say ? Doug step toward vicky and clasp she face . 139 . doug hey ... I love you so much . he kiss she . narrator ( v.0 . ) Doug never find out the real story . Doug embrace vicky . vicky oh. okay . ext . dock - day Judy and Mark and vicky and Doug walk past some sailboat on a dock . narrator ( v.0 . ) Judy know the secret and , of course , be relieved vicky have not be hurt worse , or kill . with vicky leave to go back to New York , Judy 's plan to rescue vicky from she own fate be put on terminal hold . ext . sidewalk restaurant - day cristina and vicky sit at a table at a sidewalk restaurant . narrator ( v.0 . ) when cristina return from antibe , vicky tell she the whole tale , and cristina think it be sad how much vicky have want Juan Antonio and be unable to say or do anything about it . cristina ... but I would have step aside . vicky no , no , look ... I , I know you have feeling for Juan Antonio from the moment you see he . 140 . cristina but if I know what have happen , I never would have go ahead with it . vicky well , look , it be ... it be a... a pass thing . now it 's over . cristina look thoughtfully at vicky . vicky look uncertainly at cristina . int . barcelona airport - day Doug and vicky carry they bag to the escalator . cristina walk with they . they get on the escalator and ride down on it . narrator ( v.0o . ) vicky go home to have she grand wedding to Doug ... Doug get off the escalator and walk out of frame . cristina and vicky walk off the escalator and across the main floor . narrator ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) ...to the house they both finally settle on , and to lead the life she have envision for herself before the summer in Barcelona . cristina continue search , certain only of what she do not want . fade to black .