frankenstein by Max landis inspire by ( the american pop-culture Zeitgeist 's interpretation of ) frankenstein by Mary shelley second draft 5.23.11 her body be perfect . the trapeze be eighty foot above the ground . lorelei , 22 , beautiful , arc through the air , she finger catch the bar , swinging down , arcing out . from where he be , he can see everything . the hunchback be happy . kent , england - 1851 ext . the fairground it 's a cool , gray morning . the circus be set up ; animal be lead here and there , dancer stretch , clown practice ... the hunchback , 20 , sit outside , look through a rip in the tent , watch lorelei practice on the trapeze inside . he be dirty ; pathologically so . he wear old clown clothes , the color wear and fade . his slouched posture and messy , overlo hair be offset by bright , intelligent eye . the hunchback notice that one of the rope attach to the trapeze be wear thin . he grimace , think .. we watch the hunchback go about he day : he work around the grounds , help to set up the circus , as well as tend to the minor aches and pain of the circus crew ; they treat he like garbage , but seem to trust he judgment . we witness he steal a bottle of ink , and , in between the grunt labor , he very carefully begin to draw out a intricate diagram . in a pup tent the hunchback be examine nathaniel , 20 , a huge circus strongman . he 's investigate a bruise on he wrist . hunchback well , it 's not break - nathaniel feel break . hunchback it 's not - nathaniel can I lift or not . hunchback master Nathaniel , it 's not that simple - nathaniel it 's that simple . the hunchback take a beat , then bring out he diagram . hunchback I have make you a diagram , of a wrist support I could construct if - Nathaniel grab the diagram and rip it to shred . nathaniel I do not care for any bloody diagram . if it 's break , I can not lift , if it 's not , I can . the hunchback stare at the shred diagram . night , at the kitchen trailer the whole staff of the circus be line up for food . the hunchback be several time jostle out of line , force to the back , before finally get he dinner . he go and sit alone at the edge of the fairground . lorelei speak , startling he . lorelei ( 0.s. ) we have be spend so much time in city I feel like I forget what the star look like . hunchback you ought to spend more dinner sit and eat in mud alone , give one perspective I think . lorelei you really could come eat with we . hunchback that have not work out so well in the past , have it ? lorelei there 's always - hunchback I think I be good here for now . thank you for come to see I , you be much easier to talk to than the ... fly . lorelei I actually have a gift . when I go into town today , I see that it be be throw out ... she hand he a book , stain and tear : '' percy 's muscle of the body . '' his face light up in a way that do not seem possible as he trudge through he miserable day . hunchback what really , really you do , oh this be , this be splendid , thank you ! thank you lorelei , just splendid , and it 's only - it 's only three year out of date ! this be , oh this be the top , this be - the fanfare of the circus start up in the distance , and lorelei perk up . lorelei well , that 's my cue to go get ready . I would not want to upset dear Lord barnaby . hunchback I do not know how to thank you for this , I do not - lorelei I know how you like you book - hunchback wait , master lorelei ! lorelei -.- yes ? hunchback I see , when you be practice ... lorelei -.- yes ? hunchback I see maybe something be wrong , with the rigging . on the trapeze . lorelei ( beat ) thank you , sir . i’1l take it up with Mr. plough . the hunchback give a uncertain smile . lorelei head off , and he stare at he new book . int . the hunchback 's rail -— car it 's a large car for haul equipment , but the back the hunchback have carve out a little de for himself . across from it be another makeshift live space , in which sit rafferty , 20 , a dwarf , a person so ratlike the term '' human '' seem generous . the hunchback hurry in , change out of he stain , dirty work shirt and into he stain , dirty clown costume . rafferty oi lookadis , into the make - up then . I seem to have eat all you cheese , have not I ? the hunchback stop apply he make - up , hurt . hunchback rafferty , I ask you not to , I be save it - rafferty oi , right , but I have , and now you be bein a bit cruel . and here I be , force to sleep in a storage compartment with the like of you , and you be go to act like a selfish ponce and horde you cheese ? it go to show poverty do not make you humble , I think . the hunchback continue apply he make - up , annoyed . rafferty ( cont ’d ) I do not touch you bookie-doo , if that 's what you be worried about . the hunchback finish he make - up , and hurriedly open a trunk : in it be he library , dozen of beat up , wear out medical glossary and study text , lovingly take care of . rafferty ( cont 'd ) you know , suspicion be a sign of weakness . the hunchback carefully place he new book in with the rest , grab he juggling pin , and hurry out . rafferty ( cont 'd ) do not bother with goodby ! manners apparently another casualty of you ailment ! int . the circus the circus be go full swing . the hunchback head out with several other clown , do pratfall , slapstick ; he 's not bad , though it 's clear the exertion hurt he tender back . 5 . he settles into a juggling routine , and then be distract by lorelei start she routine high above he . barnaby ( 0.s. ) if you have all direct you eye skyward , you will see the work of we amazing aerialist as - barnaby 's voice fade as the hunchback focus in : he see that a rag have be affix to the fray bit of rope to reenforce it . the fray rope stretch , swing , stretch — barnaby ( cont 'd ) get! get ! barnaby elliot , 40s , unpleasant and red-face in he ringmaster 's uniform , shove the hunchback , startling he . the hunchback realize all the other clown have go off , and rush self - consciously out of the limelight . ext . the hunchback 's rail - car - later the hunchback lay on the roof of the railcar , the train stretch out to either side . he begin quietly whistling . the slat beneath he drop out , and the hunchback fall ten foot to the dirt . he start to stand , and barnaby slap he in the face . barnaby you stay out of the center ring with the rest of the clown . barnaby storm off , leave the hunchback alone in the mud . int . the hunchback 's rail - car - day the train be in motion , rattling loudly up the track through the countryside . the hunchback lay on he cot , read through he new percy 's muscle of the body , cross - — reference it to another book . this one , green with leather bind , be mark '' thompson 's anatomy - for doctor and surgeon - fifth edition . '' the hunchback mumble something under he breath , and then scratch out a sentence in percy 's with a piece of charcoal . rafferty what 's all that grunt , there ? hunchback I find a error in percy 's . it 's get a lot of new information , but Thompson 's refute this bit - — rafferty very , uh - inter-lectual . and what make you think that it 's not Thompson that 's get it all wrong ? hunchback Thompson 's be the absolute best , with contribution from the great doctor the world over , rafferty hunchback no mistake a ulna for a no mistake a ulna for a radius in Thompson 's , I know , radius in - I know . rafferty my god you really think you be smart , do not you ? what a embarrassment that must be . the hunchback sigh , complacent , but then notice something out of a slat in the side of the train . he hurriedly close he book and rush to a ladder go up to the roof . rafferty ( cont 'd ) hey ! what 's all this - ext . the hunchback 's rail - car - roof the hunchback burst out onto the top of the rail car , struggle against the wind for a moment . the train stretch out like a great steel centipede , and beyond it , on the horizon ... London . the city , still barely visible , sit in a puddle of smog , dense and brown -black . rafferty come out of nowhere , shove the hunchback aside . hunchback be that - rafferty London .... beautiful , innit ? ext . the thame the river Thames flow blue-black through the center of London , a city find its foot as the first true metropolis . we watch as the hunchback help unpack the train , and a vacant lot be transformed into a fairground . as the hunchback help to raise the big - top tent , thunder boom in the distant sky . later ... the big- top be up . the circus be just start to get go full-swing . people mill around outside , funnel in . 7. a young man move through the mass , uncomfortable in the crowd . the rain be worse . for a moment we see he face , in a flash of lightning . this be victor . int . the circus - moment later the stand be absolutely pack , and the crowd be rabid with excitement . the hunchback look out at the crowd from backstage , nervous , and then he get the cue and rush out with the rest of the clown . the clown go through they act , and then lorelei start hers . the hunchback retreat to backstage quickly , and watch from there . high above the crowd ... she arc through the air , she finger catch the bar , swinging down , arcing out . back and forth she go , flip and somersault . the hastily mend rope support she stretch , swing , stretch - — snap . lorelei 's body drop out into a free-fall ; midway down she strike the support rigging cable of the trapeze act , twist and ricochete among they before be spat out -— thud . the audience gasp . lorelei 's body lay still , one of she arm flop out at crazy angle . hunchback lorelei- her body heave and roll over , and he take off run . the hunchback slide on he knee to kneel next to lorelei . she choke and cough , spitting blood . hunchback ( cont 'd ) lorelei , I be here , it 's go to be - it 's go to be alright . the hunchback hold open she mouth , look inside , then feel she rib , then gingerly reach around and feel she spine . hunchback ( cont 'd ) you can not breathe , you can not breathe - he check she neck , find nothing . hunchback ( cont 'd ) I do not know what to do , I do not know what to - suddenly , someone slide up in the dirt next to he . the hunchback look up and see victor , 24 , good -look in a strange way , clean cut and tidy . for now . his word come out in a staccato flow , dry and fast , inexplicably easy to listen to . victor what 's happen - hunchback victor do not you see - I be read . hunchback uh , she fall about thirty foot , shoulder dislocate but no break that I can find , the airway be clear but she can not breathe , she can not - Victor be do almost the exact same pat-down check that the hunchback do . victor any previous injury - — hunchback Broken arm a year or so ago , break she collar bone some time before that I think but I do not - Victor immediately begin tear at lorelei 's unitard . hunchback ( cont 'd ) what be you - victor do this now or she die . the hunchback quickly and deftly tear apart lorelei 's top ; she breast be just barely cover by the edge of the fabric . a huge purply - brown bruise be form on she clavicle . hunchback my god - victor collar bone 's rebroken , it 's pressure she lung - hunchback what do we - victor we can not do anything , we need tool to reset the bone , we need a - hunchback be she pectoralis muscle still in place ? lorelei 's eye roll back into she head . victor yes but - hunchback do you have a a pocket watch ? victor yes but - hunchback give it to I . Victor look confuse . hunchback ( cont 'd ) do this now or she die . Victor fumble out he watch , and the hunchback grab it , press it deeply under she collarbone with he finger . he slap the back of it , hard ; lorelei wheeze in agony . victor wait ! the angle of the sternum , due to that dislocation - hunchback oh ! yes , of course ! Victor take hold of she dislocate right arm . victor ready , steady , go . Victor wrench the arm , and the hunchback slap the pocket watch - popcrunch . lorelei 's shoulder and collarbone both snap back into place . lorelei gasp in air . the hunchback laugh in joy and shock , but Victor seem totally nonpluss . victor ( cont 'd ) that 's - that be brilliant . ( beat ) why be you wear that make -up ? hunchback I be a clown . lorelei , can you hear I - 10 . victor you be a clown ? no you be not , you be a physician , you just perform a dry surgery with less than a minute to prepare - hunchback I be a- clown physician - victor what ? a group from the circus surround they , clumsily heaving lorelei up to lift she onto a stretcher ; she squeal in pain . victor ( cont 'd ) easy damn it - here , clown , help I . Victor and the hunchback lift lorelei onto the stretcher . victor ( cont 'd ) listen , you be be waste here . I be at a student at the Royal College of Medicine , I have a flat in the West end , I have be honore to have you as a guest - hunchback well - I , sir - I do not know that I could leave the circus , they need they hunchback - victor you be not a hunchback . hunchback ..- what - barnaby bluster up , push the hunchback backwards and separate he from Victor . barnaby who be - you be doctor then ? victor yes , indeed - barnaby will she live ? victor yes , but she need the care of a hospital ; chisick Cross be just up the road , I can lead you man there . hunchback ( quietly ) chisick Cross . 11 . the man pick up the stretcher , and Victor start to lead they out , the hunchback stare after he . victor stay well , my friend , I shall return for you tomorrow ! hunchback fr- friend ? ( snap out of it ) you name , friend ! you name ! please ! my friend ! you name ! Victor turn back from the crowd to shout to the hunchback . slam to title : frankenstein . the title lurch forward , crackle with electricity as it emerge from the center of a violent lightning storm . slam to : int . the hunchback 's rail -— car the hunchback come crashing through the door , shove down by barnaby , who enter raging . rafferty perk up immediately . barnaby what did I tell you ? hunchback I be try to help - barnaby abruptly kick the still down hunchback . barnaby idiot ! barnaby follow the hunchback 's gaze to the library trunk . barnaby ( cont 'd ) Nathaniel ! get in here ! the strong man enter . barnaby ( cont 'd ) get the trunk . Nathaniel nod , and pick up the whole trunk under he arm . barnaby ( cont 'd ) come on . the hunchback stand , momentarily block the doorway . barnaby ( cont 'd ) get out of the way . 12 . the hunchback stand resolute . barnaby ( cont 'd ) get out of the way . the hunchback back down . hunchback please , please do not do anything to my book , master barnaby , I be just try to help - barnaby and Nathaniel exit , the hunchback follow . ext . the thame fairground - continuous rain be drizzle down from the night sky . out come barnaby and Nathaniel , the hunchback in pursuit . barnaby dump they out . Nathaniel dump out the book into the mud . hunchback no , please just , I understand , I do , just leave the book alone - barnaby turn , go to pick up a kerosene lantern . the hunchback take the opportunity to snatch up he copy of Thompson 's anatomy from the muddy pile . barnaby return , and dump burn kerosene on the pile of book . hunchback ( cont 'd ) no , oh no , no ! no ! the hunchback , scream in real agony , prostrate himself at barnaby 's foot . hunchback ( cont 'd ) please , put they out , put they out , you be ruin they ! barnaby shove the hunchback down , and notice the save copy of Thompson 's . barnaby what 's this ? sneaky little rat ! hunchback no no - Nathaniel snatch it away . barnaby look it over . barnaby Fancy . 13. hunchback please - it 's my favorite thing , please master barnaby - Nathaniel rip the book in half , and throw the shred into the fire . the hunchback slump , jaw soundlessly . barnaby let that be a lesson to you . barnaby stalk off , leave the hunchback slump in the mud . rafferty Chin up , freak . what good 's a dream if you can not wake up from it ? int . the hunchback carriage - later rafferty 's asleep . the hunchback lay stalk -still , eye straight ahead . morning on the fairground . we follow the hunchback once more as he go through he morning , help to clean the circus up , reloading thing onto the train , do manual labor . he repeatedly check the edge of the city . no sign of Victor . the sun set lower and lower in the sky . finally , the hunchback give up . he flop down in the dirt next to the damp pile of ash that be he collection . victor ( 0.s. ) pardon my tardiness . the hunchback scramble to stand in the mud , slip and fall . Victor be right there , next to he . hunchback master frankenstein- I - hello ! victor have you collect you thing ? let 's depart this place immediately . hunchback I - I have no thing , all my thing be — the hunchback glance at the pile of muddy ash . victor ah , I see . then , shall we ? hunchback I - I be under contract to the circus - 14 . victor very well . could you direct I to the circus manager , then ? hunchback well master barnaby be in the red trailer , but - Victor turn and immediately head off . hunchback ( cont 'd ) wait ! wait ! int . barnaby 's trailer - moment later barnaby 's trailer be a cluttere mess of papers and equipment ; barnaby sit behind a desk , with a sexy young gymnast crawl all over he . Victor enter and sit down on a chair opposite the desk . both the slutty gymnast and barnaby be baffle . victor take you time . ext . barnaby 's trailer - second later the hunchback be slowly approach the trailer , when the slutty gymnast burst out , storming off . the hunchback retreat , then , do he best attempt at stealth , he creep up to the window , look in . Victor 's curt , speedy style of speech clash harshly with barnaby 's uneasy huckster sleaze . barnaby - course he can not leave . he 's get no money , no possession - victor as I say he would come to stay with I . barnaby yes but - no , but - he 's not a bonify person , you know ? he 's just a- victor not a person , yes , by that do you mean '' not human - '' barnaby no , well - do not be clever , awright ? I just mean there 's nothing there to salvage , he do not - I mean he do not even have a name . 15 . victor seem a bit of a oversight . barnaby he 's travel with the circus since he be a boy - victor and he 's be you doctor this whole time - barnaby well he 's not a real doctor , after all - victor and yet you have just say that he have be effective in heal the sick and injure , both animal and human - barnaby that be just he trick , he 's under contract as a clown - victor how exactly do one have a contract without a name I wonder . barnaby he owe the circus everything . we feed he , put clothes on he back - the doctor bollock be just a fantasy for he , one that I dispell last night , I think - victor yes , I notice a pile of burnt book on my way in - barnaby aye , but that be just a bit of a row , I get my frustration out 'ot whatnot - — victor when you be frustrated you burn book , fascinating , fascinating , listen , you be a bit of a bastard , be not you ? barnaby ' scuse I ? 16 . victor ignorant selfish cruel bastard , yes , I rather think you do not know what kind of genius you have on hand and though you have be content to abuse he freely for a good long time you will have to accept that that 's come to a end , and acquaint yourself - barnaby listen you posh ass - victor - with the reality of the hunchback 's departure - barnaby stand , slamm he hand on he desk . barnaby you shut you mouth - victor - and find yourself a new doctor willing to work for free and tolerate random wanton violence - barnaby go around the desk and grab Victor by the collar , yanking he to he foot . barnaby shut up ! victor Sir , unhand I immediately . ( beat ) be you deaf . I say unhand I IM - ext . barnaby 's trailer - second later Victor be hurled out of the trailer , landing hard in the mud . barnaby ( red -face , spitting ) listen you impudent rich twat , you be not get the bloody hunchback , and if you show you face here again , if I so much as sniff you , we will slit you bloody throat and feed you to the bloody horse ! victor what compelling imagery . barnaby stare at Victor , who seem completely unafraid . this creep barnaby out , rightly so , and he slam the door . 17 . the hunchback watch as Victor , not bother to straighten himself at all , stalk off the fairground . the hunchback try to call out , but he 's suddenly grab by barnaby . ext . the animal cage - moment later the hunchback be roughly toss into a cage by barnaby , the door slam behind he . barnaby you be go nowhere . enjoy you new quarter . the hunchback turn and see he new roommate ; a mangy , moth - eat Bengal tiger . the hunchback press himself against the bar , scared . night fall ... the circus be almost entirely clean up . the hunchback be sit in he cage when rafferty walk by . hunchback rafferty ! rafferty ! rafferty what 's this , a talk tiger , impossible ! hunchback do you know what 's happen to lorelei ? rafferty aw , romanticisicizing be we ? she 's probably dead , mate , you know that . this city doctor and they dirty hospital and whatnot . rafferty pick up a rock and chuck it at the tiger ; it immediately stand , bristle and snarling , and the hunchback pull back , terrify . rafferty ( cont ’d ) pleasant dream . rafferty head off , and the hunchback try to stay perfectly still , press hard against the door . it 's no good . the tiger , enraged , have begin slowly creep towards he , hunkere down in a attack position , growl , eye fill with bloodlust . tension build as the tiger creep closer and closer ... there 's a series of click , and the door behind the hunchback open , send the hunchback toppling down to the dirt . he look up , startle and confuse , to see Victor slam the cage shut . 18 . hunchback what be you - how do you - Victor clack together two piece of metal in he hand . victor magnet . come on , no time to lose . Victor head off . the hunchback stand flummox . hunchback wait ! victor what be it now ? hunchback I can not just - I can not leave I - victor you want to collect you thing ? hunchback well - yes - victor what thing ? the hunchback be at a loss . victor ( cont 'd ) surely you do not want to keep you pathetic clown costume - hunchback no , but - victor what do you have here ? Friends ? I do not believe it . future ? a early grave , dream ? burnt ina pile in the mud . do not waste either of we time with further deliberation . it hit the hunchback like a ton of brick . hunchback +.. you be right . victor what ? hunchback you be right . victor well of course I be right . barnaby oi. 19 . barnaby be stand not far off . barnaby ( cont 'd ) what in the hell do you think you 's be - victor run . Victor dart off immediately . the hunchback hesitates , and barnaby charge ; the hunchback hit the gas just in time , and barnaby slip in the mud , crash into the cage . the tiger snarl and slashes he across the face , knock he down . barnaby agh ! bloody hell , stop - stop he ! stop they ! four tumbler , still in they festive circus outfit , approach . tumbler what 's happen - barnaby the hunchback ! he 's attack I and take the bank of the circus ! get he ! the tumbler take off after Victor and the hunchback , but barnaby grab one of they . barnaby ( cont 'd ) get Nathaniel . between the cage ... Victor and the hunchback race through the maze of animal cage , with Victor immediately hit a dead end . the hunchback grab he and yank he through a space between the cage , lead he to - the back of the big top tent the tumbler intercept they , and the two young man be force to rapidly duck and dodge the man . the tent be in the process of be take down , the support be pull out , the canvas rippling and fall - victor come on . 20 . hunchback no wait - inside the collapsing tent the rippling canvas world come crash down around they , with the hunchback and Victor sprinting through , dodging fall support , several time nearly be crush before burst out into - a area cluttered with equipment there be performer practice they trade all over the place , and Victor and the hunchback dodge and weave through juggler , a lion tamer and some practice contortionist . tumbler ( lag behind ) they have steal the take , that 's all we pay ! a firebreather turn and blow out a huge jet of burn kerosene in they path ; Victor and the hunchback skid to avoid , but then must frantically scramble and flail to avoid knife hurl at they by a knife thrower . the hunchback catch one of the knife and fling it back at the fire-breather ; it shatter he bottle of kerosene , which splashes onto the fire already burn , cause a huge burst of flame . this new inferno separate Victor and the hunchback from they pursuer ; they get back up , sprinting towards the edge of the fairground , the city , and freedom , when , as they be pass a pile of weight - bam ! nathaniel the strong man tackle the hunchback ! Victor , slide in the mud , turn , and throw a run punch into Nathaniel 's face . it do nothing . the hunchback twit Nathaniel 's injure wrist , and he scream in pain , release he . Nathaniel stand and attack Victor , throw wild punch - victor stop stop stop stop Victor grab a thirty pound weight and heave it up into Nathaniel 's rib . there 's a crunch , and Nathaniel collapse . Victor turn to run , but the hunchback go to Nathaniel . hunchback what have you do , you break he rib - victor well I tell he to stop . 21 . the tumbler reappear , run full tilt , block they easy exit to the city . Victor take off run again , and after a moment 's panicked deliberation , the hunchback follow , run alongside the train Victor duck through a break in the train , and the hunchback follow , and again they find themselves in a narrow alleyway cluttere with circus equipment . the tumbler follow , but where the hunchback and Victor have to clumsily navigate around obstacle , the tumbler simply flip and cartwheel over they , rapidly gain . rafferty , sit in the hunchback 's rail car , notice the oncoming chase . he laugh gleefully , and run out ahead . alongside the thame the hunchback and Victor exit the fairground , the tumbler nearly on top of they , run up a series of gantry 's onto a big bridge high over the river Thames , mostly empty at night . -..only to find that rafferty 's beat they there , draw a knife as he step to block they way - rafferty where be you go in such a hurry , love ? the hunchback turn and dive off the bridge . Victor , startle , take a moment to pinch he nose and then follow , plummete the thirty foot down into the water . the tumbler stop , out of breath . rafferty ( cont 'd ) well do not just stand there ye idiot , after he ! the tumbler be '' no . '' rafferty ( cont ’d ) bloody ' ell ! I x11 do it m’self ! rafferty turn and dive off the bridge - - but do not look before he leap , not see a trade boat come out from under the bridge - -wham ! thirty feet headfirst into the deck . it be not pretty . further up the thame ... 22. dy be be pour out into the river , turn a portion of it orange , blue and green . on a rocky shore , the hunchback emerge , cough up water . Victor pull himself up as well . both young man be cover in green dye . hunchback I be not in the circus . victor ( cough ) what ? hunchback I be not in the circus . I ... I have never be out of the circus . ( beat ) I be free . I be free , I ’m free , I ’m a free man - victor yes , very good , you be a very free , very green man . the hunchback let 's out a crazy hoot of glee and start splash around in the water . Victor watch , indifferent . ext . victor be flat - later Victor 's flat in the West end be on a street crowded with building . it 's entirely empty at night ; one bobby stroll up the street , but as soon as he 's go ... Victor and the hunchback come racing out of a alleyway , to the door of Victor 's flat . int . victor be flat - continuous Victor and the hunchback burst in . though Victor frankenstein appear tidy and fastidious , he apartment be a window into he mind . though it be very big , the place be a mess . Victor must have some kind of hoard disorder , as nearly every surface be cover with medical equipment , schematics , trinket and other assort junk . the hunchback look around in wonder as Victor draw out a long syringe behind he . hunchback this be incredible . victor next order of business . Victor slam he body - weight into the hunchback 's body , drive he up against a wall . 23 . hunchback what be you do , what be - victor this will hurt . Victor plunge the needle deep into the hunchback 's back , and he gasp in pain . he begin to pull back the plunger , and we see that the syringe be fill with murky yellow fluid . victor ( cont 'd ) I tell you before you be not a hunchback , not a proper one anyway . you have a fluid pocket , probably cause by a abscess , here , beside the tenth vertebrae - hunchback it hurt it hurt - victor yes . it 's go untreated nearly eighteen year , but I be convinced that if we can just drain it , and - Victor pull out the needle , let the hunchback go , but then hurl himself shoulder first into the hunchback 's spine , drive he hard back into the wall ! there 's a nasty wet crack sound , and the hunchback be suddenly fully upright , scream in pain and then - the scream stop . the hunchback stir against the wall , trigger a series of sickly pop and snap . he 's stand up straight . awkwardly , but straight . hunchback I - I - I - Victor straighten himself , pick up something off the floor ; it 's a very sleek , simple construction out of wire - frame , jointed in several place . victor now you musculature and bone will be struggle to reset themselves - hunchback I be stand up . the hunchback 's eye be wide and blank . victor ( beat ) listen , I do not ... I do not over - estimate you intelligence , do I , because - hunchback no , no , it 's just - I be not in the circus , and I be stand up . 24 . victor .-.. yes , well , you musculature and bone will be struggle to reset themselves , so for the foreseeable future you will have to wear this . I spend the day building it ; it be the reason for my tardiness , I again apologize for that . he hand the hunchback the back -brace . victor ( cont 'd ) now I shall go to work in the basement , as I have school in the morning . Library , study and kitchen back there , you bedroom be upstairs on the right , mine on the leave . there 's a water heater in the bathroom , get that green off you , and for heaven sake do something about you ... Hair . Victor go to the door to the basement , and start to go in , but then turn , and speak somewhat slowly , carefully ... victor ( cont 'd ) listen , I have - have a roommate , igor straussman . he 's a morphine addict , a liar and a general waste of space , who luckily be almost never home . so , should anyone question you presence here , just say that you be igor . yes ? the hunchback , a hunchback no longer , nod he head . igor I be igor . victor perfect . Victor slam the door close , leave igor stand in numb shock . igor I have a name . I have a... library . we intercut between 1 . igor explore the library , run he hand over the book , take back stack to he room ... 2 . igor sit in the tub , wash off year of cake on grime . 3 . igor cut he hair , and shave off he disgusting , gnarly beard . 25 . finally , igor look at he new self in the steam - up bathroom mirror . he have the appropriate response . igor ( cont 'd ) oh ...wow . swish to : igor , in he room , carefully click on he back brace . swish to : igor open he closet , find ton of clothes . swish to : igor , now dress , look spectacular , be try he new name out in the mirror . we time lapse cut between he experimentation . igor ( cont 'd ) igor. igor. yeegor. eyegor . ( cut ) hello , my name be yaygor - no that 's bloody awful - ( cut ) oh hello , duchess , my name be igor . a actor ? ha , duchess you flatter I , as a matter of fact , I ’ma doctor - he do a flourishing gesture and accidentally knock a bunch of shit off the dresser . igor ( cont 'd ) bloody hell - SNAP to : igor , in bed , fast asleep , surround by book . close on : finger , fidget with a crucifix , turn it around and around , end over end . turpin a doctor you say . int . barnaby’s trailer barnaby sit on he desk , nursing he bandage face , watch through the window as doctor move Nathaniel into a carriage on a stretcher . stand nearby , fidget with a little metal crucifix , be Inspector roderick turpin , 40 , respectable and distinguished , but with a strange , harry manner ; he 's fray around the edge , and there be bag under he eye . 26 . barnaby a hokum doctor , ay . always do thing you know , with the animal , es'periment and what have you - turpin and what again be the exact amount of money you say be miss ? barnaby two hundred twenty quid . turpin aha , would that be you whole London take ? barnaby it would - the door open and alistair oberon , 36 , with a immaculately keep mustache , lean in . alistair Inspector turpin , a word outside ? ext . barnaby 's trailer —- continuous it 's near dawn . alistair and turpin pow - wow , turpin close the door in barnaby 's face . turpin well , he 's lie about the money . alistair how do you figure ? turpin when would the hunchback have take it ? the footprint from the cage only go one way , the hunchback and its accomplice have no agenda here in the circus ; they want to get to the city . mister barnaby 's just try to swindle the insurance . alistair indeed . what I come to tell you be , they have get the body clean up off the boat , and we have get conflict report . two of the tumbler be say the hunchback throw he off the bridge , two be say he jump by himself . turpin oh he throw he , most definitely . the difference in story can be explain by delusion , heat of the moment . ( more ) 27 . turpin ( cont 'd ) there 's something rather strange about all this though , do not you think ? sinister . alistair how do you figure ? turpin the cage show no sign of tamper , yet the lock have open . the wound to the face of the manager come from a claw , the injury to the strongman show a super-human strength , not to mention there 's talk of the hunchback do '' science '' as its primary pastime ... you do not find it somewhat ghoulish ? alistair ( beat , awkwardly ) Inspector , I have be meaning to say ... I , that be to say , all of we at the yard - what happen with Claudia be a tragedy , sir . turpin ... beg pardon - alistair you wife , Claudia ; she pass be - turpin I be sorry , what relevance do Claudia have to this ? alistair well , none but - turpin Claudia be in Heaven . we separation be merely temporary . what be you implication about my state of mind ? alistair I do not mean - turpin do not you ? turpin smile , seem to realize how he be come off . turpin ( cont 'd ) I have my daughter , my home , my job . this too shall pass , constable . alistair yes sir . of course sir . 28 . turpin ( back to business ) there be a accident with a high wire girl last night . the hunchback be involved , as I understand it . have we man question everyone in this place , see if we can find out which hospital she be take to . alistair yes sir . turpin have the artist walsh make up picture , and then have print make : one hundred of the hunchback , fifty of he accomplice , and then have they post everywhere from westminister to bethnal Green . alistair yes sir . turpin there be a murderous hunchback loose in London . this will not stand . slam to : igor curl up in he bed , morning light flooding in through the window . he stir . moment later : igor discover a note on he door . '' i- at school till 6 . ten £ in the tin by the door , with you key . buy dinner . - F . '' igor discover the tin , along with the money and he key . igor ( quietly ) chisick Cross . moment later : igor sit at a table consulting a big map of London ; we can tell by the way he mumble to himself , he eye darting all over , that he 's absorb the data , easily and quickly commit it to memory . ext . london - morning igor step out , but the hustle and bustle of the busy street in daytime scare the shit out of he , and he jump back inside . a moment later he reemerges . 29 . we follow igor as he walk up the street , in awe at everyone and everything . in a market igor investigate every fruit , every meat , every spice . he 's have the time of he life . to entertain a few child , he juggle some apple . they be wow . back on the street igor walk up the street , bag of grocery under he arm . he have a slightly more confident gait , now ; he know where he 's go and why . int . chisick cross hospital - moment later the hospital be dank and dirty , really just one large warehouse style room fill with the sick and die . igor cautiously head in , nervous , look remarkably clean cut and pristine amongst all the filth . he start to walk in , when he 's call out by a gruff male nurse , dirty and frightening . scary nurse oi ! what be you do here ? igor nearly cower , like a scared animal . igor I - oh , I be sorry , I will - I 'il go - scary nurse you here from the medical school about buy body ? we have get a few of ’em pretty near to pass , I be wagering , but - igor notice he reflection in a pool of dank water . igor I - no , I be just look for a friend . she be a aerialist , at the circus . scary nurse friend . hah . end of the line , behind the curtain . igor smile cautiously , still scared of the nurse , and then hurry down the row of bed , get more and more excited as he approach the curtain off area at the end - - the curtain pull back , revealing lorelei , nearly unconscious in she sickbe - igor lorelei - 30 . -inspector turpin and constable alistair . igor freeze , confuse . igor ( cont 'd ) I be sorry - I do not mean to - be you doctor - — turpin it 's quite all right . what bring you here ? igor I just - I just - turpin you know this girl ? igor I - yes - no - I - turpin you know where to find she , be you with the circus ? igor I - no , I be - just a friend - turpin look to lorelei , who clearly be in no shape to answer question , much less recognize igor . turpin take a step forward , back igor out of the curtain area . turpin hold still a beat . igor I - what be you - turpin have draw out a artist 's depiction of Victor , and be consulting it against igor 's feature . turpin interesting . this girl be be question in connection with the rampage of the Blue meringue hunchback last night on the Thames . igor ( horrify ) the- the what - turpin what do you say you name be ? igor I do not - ig - I be igor - turpin igor what . igor I - I be sorry , I have to go - 31 . turpin what 's the hurry ? igor I have to go - I have to go - igor turn , nearly walk into a patient , rush frantically out of the hospital . constable alistair poke he head out . alistair strange lad . probably go to the circus and find himself love - strike , be what I take it . hunted she down look to be a benefactor , happen all the time with woman like this . turpin maybe . maybe . '' igor . '' hm . outside ... igor come crash out into the street , run blindly , panicked . he try to orient himself , and come face to face with one of the wanted : hunchback poster . horrify , he stumble and trip into the street , spilling he grocery everywhere . he scramble to pick they up , and be nearly run down by a carriage , knock he into the mud . ext . victor be flat - evening Victor walk up the street , mumble angrily . he stop in front of he door , compose himself , and then go in . int . victor be flat - continuous victor igor , I be - Victor stop dead . there 's a trail of mud on the floor , which he follow to find igor sit in he muddy clothes by the fire , hunch over in a caveman-like squat unbecome of he new appearance . victor ( cont 'd ) back to the mud so soon ? igor look up at he , eye wide . victor ( cont 'd ) I take it you have see the poster then . terrible depiction of I , have my hair all wrong . I be new to this '' criminal '' life , but I never suspect they have attack my vanity . 32 . igor ... they think I be a murderer - victor well you be not . and they be not look for you , be they ? igor 's confusion be obvious . victor ( cont 'd ) they be look for a piteous , nameless hunchback . a creature who no longer exist . I have see to that , have not I ? igor hesitantly smile ; Victor have a way with word . victor ( cont 'd ) dinner ? dine room - later . Victor and igor be share a roast duck . victor ( cont 'd ) of course I never put much faith in the professor . Father say most of they get they job through crony - ism as be ; many of they I fear be drunk , idiot , or worse , close - minded people . I find I have a terrible fear of the close minded and ignorant as they seem to do the most damage to society as a whole . igor ( happy about the duck ) mhm . victor of course the curriculum be pathetically easy , laughably so ; I could even laugh about it now , but to do so would expend more effort than I be ask to expend of my study , literally the act of say '' haha '' would be more difficult than - igor so you like school then ? victor ... I suppose I do . igor what bring you to the circus ? 33 . victor ( beat ) the animal . igor oh , you like the animal trick ? they be always my favorite too - victor live animal be a bore . it 's the dead one I be after . igor beg pardon ? victor for part . ( in response to igor 's confusion ) I believe a explanation be in order . my interest in you do not stem from charity . ( beat ) I think it 's time you meet my monster . int . victor be flat - the study Victor lead in igor , turn on the light . this room be cluttere , but more purposefully than the other ; there 's a table in the center with several larger object on it , cover by a sheet . victor before I meet you , I be hope to approach Mr. barnaby about sell I some of he decease animal . igor to what end ? Study ? victor no . not study . ( beat ) I be of the strong belief that death can be make a temporary condition . igor but that 's im - victor improbable , yes , impossible , do not be stupid . very little be actually impossible . life be temporary , why should death be any different ? igor ... what 's under the sheet ? 34 . victor ... life , I have find , be a energy . the fool would call it a spirit or a soul , but it 's a energy , a identifiable , quantifiable , reproducible energy . I have spend every hour of my life in pursuit of this energy , and then , last year , a break through . I ama genius , and I create something that will change the world . igor .-.- righto . what 's under the sheet ? Victor yank away the sheet , revealing a small electrical generator ... and a set of human eye , a with a interlace optical nervous system , suspend in fluid in a fish tank . ah - igor ( cont 'd ) ha . victor the eye be over three month old , and the fluid be electrically conductive jelly . serve a double function to preserve they , and - well , look , here .... igor , initially repulse , go up and get a better look as Victor search through pile of equipment . igor you have do a shoddy job on the nerve here - victor well , I be not the surgeon , it 's you with the gift hand - there ! Victor draw inch long , over it . at wringht iron out a gizmo from the pile . it 's about eight shape like a wishbone , with wiring run all the end of each point of the wishbone be two bolt . Victor immediately begin affixing it to wire extend from the electrical generator . for the first time , Victor seem nervous , unsure ; a child show a new friend they favorite toy , hope they will be impressed . victor ( cont 'd ) it 's all a matter of conversion , you see ; the conversion of pure electrical energy into biological energy , of the same sort that flow through the body of the live . thus my creation of this device , the lazarus fork . you see , by run the electrical current through a specially blend variety of metal and sulfate , I have - 35 . igor you have master the conversion . victor well - I - yes . igor show I . victor I - uh , yes , I shall - Victor plunge the lazarus fork into the jelly , and begin turn the crank on the generator ; it kick in , and the electricity begin to flow with a loud rattle and hum . igor lean down to the eye . Victor , excited , go around and stand next to he . igor when do it do ... something - victor it have ! it be ! it - here , look ! Victor draw out a match , and strike it on the table . the effect be immediate : the eye turn and focus on the flame . Victor move it back and forth , and the eye move to follow . Victor look to igor , nervous . igor you be a genius . you have create something that will change the world . victor this be only the beginning . int . victor be flat - moment later Victor lead igor out into a open area . victor to what degree would you say you understand the function and construction of nerve in the human body ? igor well I - victor no tolerance for the humble here , igor . igor I have a complete mastery of the nervous and circulatory system . ( more ) 36 . igor ( cont 'd ) I be also well verse in the form and structure of the muscle and bone . I also be quite up to date on the deduction make about the function the different part of the brain serve , although I believe most of the current observation will , in time , prove to be completely wrong . victor I - uh - good . good ! perfect . this will be you workspace . I shall bring you you assignment piecemeal , and you will complete they in a timely manner . I will then apply you project to a larger whole of my own design . I have also decide to allow you to do my homework assignment for I , thus enhance you already formidable knowledge . do you have any question ? igor ...- this larger whole . what be it ? victor that be not you concern - igor but if my work will go towards it , surely I deserve to - victor as I say . this be not charity . you time here will be earn ; what you '' deserve '' be immaterial , agree ? igor ( after a beat ) ...- agreed . I want to help change the world . Victor smile , and extend he hand , which igor tentatively shake . we move into a montage as time pass ... intercutting between two thread ... 1 . turpin 's intensify search for the hunchback . the want poster be get old and wear , new one be be plaster up , the reward for information double ... and 37 . 2 . igor 's work . we watch as time and time again Victor bring he moist newly dead flesh ( much of it of unidentifiable nature ) , along with supplies and diagram of what he want do . igor masterfully stitches together skin and tissue , create artificial nerve and vein with electric wiring and thin rubber tube ... it 's all very gross , but igor , look through goggle , magnify glass and microscope , be so into it we can not help but share he enthusiasm . after each assignment , Victor demonstrate he emphatic approval , before retreate to the basement with the '' finish product '' ( lung that breath , muscle that twitch , nerve that react ) each time slamm the door . slam slam slam slam ... int . victor' flat igor be sit and draw ; a sketch of lorelei , float through the air between two trapeze . the electric light in the room flicker for a moment , and igor look up . there 's a noise at the door , and we see a envelope push through the slot . igor look around , then hesitantly go and pick it up . it 's mark : i.straussman - urgent . igor move to set the i.straussman letter on a pile by the door of other mail for Victor 's absent roommate , but then falter . he hesitates , and listen for Victor ; nothing . igor open the envelope , and scan through the letter inside : payment 2 month overdue . final notice . the door to the basement burst open , startling igor . igor this letter for master straussman , it - Victor be positively glow with happiness . victor we be go out on the town . ext . london - the west end - night Victor and igor head up the street , talk . victor I have a tenure membership in the club through my father . he be a charter member , help to buy the velvet for the seat . igor you make you father out to be a great man . 38 . victor esteem doctor , member of the royal corps of physician , he 's a innovator , he 's brilliant . igor do you think I 'il ever get to meet he ? victor oh I do not - I - I do not know , he 's a very busy man , and he - he schedule , you know . igor you mention he have a library ? victor the biggest personal collection of medical text in Britain , yes , you could say he have a library - igor do you think he have a copy of Thompson 's ? victor Thompson 's anatomy ? well , it 's rare but , I mean , of course - igor do you think we could go there , to he library ? victor what 's this fixation on thompson' ? igor in the circus , I have a copy . it be a great inspiration to I . victor well , I - you know , he do not let I - give I access , I be just a young man - he have be so angry if he find out I have be touch he book - oh , look , here we be ! they have come up on the exeter , a extremely fancy ( and hip , and fun , and crowded ) look club . igor oh ... master Victor , I do not know if I be suite for all this - 39 . victor pishposh . all you need to do be keep you back straight , you word clean , and try you damndest not to embarrass I . smash CUT to : victor ( cont 'd ) baby grown in vat . int . the exeter —- continuous Victor be wasted , sit in a corner booth with igor and a few girl . the club be awesome , and pack ; the girl be pretty damn hot , too , but they be mostly focus on igor , who himself be try not to notice , instead focus on Victor . igor ( laugh ) Victor why do this idea fascinate you ? victor I be just say the act - of fertilization - can take place out side of the woman 's body . the sperm , the sperm can move - ( hiccup ) the sperm can move into the egg , say , in a saucer , some sort of heat basin - sexy society girl and where do the mother figure into this , then ? victor well , you have - after you impregnate the egg , you get a funnel - and then you ... you know - into the woman - sexy society redhead oh , that 's just wretch . victor it 's the future ! igor , tell they , assist I in this , this valuable endeavor . igor do not respond ; he 's stare across the club to the bar ... ..- where lorelei stand . she look stun . go be all the muck and grime of the circus , though she still wear a sling over she injure arm . igor ladiesyoullhavetoexcuseme 40 . both woman groan in disappointment but igor be already up and go , clumsily push he way through the club . he get to the bar ; she 's go ! no , there she be , head up the stair - int . the exeter - upper level - continuous igor catch up to lorelei at the top of the stair ; she turn , sense he presence before he can say anything . they stand there deadlock in silence , stare at each other . she suddenly embrace he ; igor be shocked . she whisper into he ear , she word fraught with emotion . lorelei you save my life . you save my life . igor let 's out a sigh of complete relief . later ... igor and lorelei be hang out , lean on one of the balcony over the club ; they be completely relaxed , talk like old friend , or , more accurately , refugee . igor penham mall ? that 's really fancy , though , be not it ? lorelei oh , you know , just the richest section of London . haha , I be sorry , I be awful . igor you can be awful when you look great , be not that the way people behave ? lorelei High praise from a bloke who 's twice the man he use to be , in height alone . igor well , I , uh - I do not really - um - so do he intend to marry you ? lorelei who , Baron bomine ? I think you misunderstand we relationship - igor do I ? lorelei oh , and now I see a glint of hope in you eye . 4l . igor oh no , I just - um - listen - lorelei I meet he in the hospital ; he be in with a twisted ankle of all thing , and he just sweep I away once he have hear the circus leave without I . at first he do come on awfully romantic , but - honestly I have come to believe that he 's take I in as he consort more for appearance than anything else . igor appearance ? lorelei nod down at baron bomine , who 's on the main floor . he 's the gayest man alive . igor ( cont 'd ) aaaah . oh. igor ( cont ’d ) lorelei Robert the juggler . Robert the juggler . both of they immediately crack up . lorelei I do not know why you be laugh . I think it 's very important for a juggler to have a sincere love of ball - both of they crack up again , and then there 's a ruckus from downstairs ; igor look and see that Victor 's accidentally knock some plate on the floor whilst animatedly gesture . lorelei ( cont 'd ) be not that you chap there ? igor yes , Victor frankenstein . smartest person I have ever meet . he 's the one who help I save you , as well . he get I out of the circus , fix my back ... I owe he everything . victor have you ever see a human brain ? it 's ... gray ! igor ( falter ) he 's quite brilliant , really , just not so much of a ... person for talk to people . victor ( audible over the crowd ) I have see a rat nest in a brain ! 42 . igor look to lorelei , try to hold back a laugh . she do not do as well hold back . the ruckus downstairs continue ; Victor 's piss off some jerk . igor ah , it look like he may need my - lorelei but of course . igor start to go , but then stop . igor listen , we be right in the West end , on verner Street . lorelei forty five penham Lane . igor so we will see each other again . lorelei yes. definitely . igor my name be igor . victor ( 0.s. ) you be a beastly , beastly man there 's a crash downstairs . igor turn and rush off , leave lorelei in a very pleasant state of shock . lorelei '' igor . '' ext . london - alley Victor be puke into a pile of garbage , while igor stand next to he , patting he back . victor people be such animal , you know ... I do not understand they , I admit this , to some degree . I do not know the thing to say to make they like I , or - not like I , I do not care if they like I - igor it 's all right . victor what ? igor it 's all right to care if people like you . I like you . 43 . victor I ... like you , as well . yes. ( beat , straighten up ) igor , tonight be not meaningless frivolity . it be a celebration . igor ... what be we celebrate ? int . victor be flat - the basement the electric light flicker and hum to life , illuminate the most sinister , fascinating place you have ever see . the wall be cover in makeshift electrical equipment , some of it very clearly decade , maybe even century ahead of its time . mix in with this be all manner of medical instrument and tool , as well as chart of human and animal anatomy . perhaps most creepy of all be the fact that large portion of the room be cover in red-brown stain . blood . Victor come rush down the stair , nearly fall . victor come on , come on ! igor hesitates at the top of the stair , then slowly come down . Victor , meanwhile , prime a bunch of electrical generator ... all hook into something on a table , under a sheet , in the center of the room . igor what be that ? victor under this bedsheet be the product of ten year study , laborious hour spend over book and tinkering with electrical machine - igor approach the table and Victor rip off the sheet ... victor ( cont 'd ) I present to you : Gordon ! the ...thing ... call Gordon most closely resemble a chimpanzee , but a glance show it to be something else entirely . this be a patchwork monster , cobble and stitched together from mostly chimp flesh , but with part that be definitely cheetah , as well as other unidentifiable bit and piece . a lot of it appear sloppy ; electrical wiring and tube be visible all over the body , and the whole thing look ready to fall apart . as igor try to process , Victor go back to the machine . 44 , igor you ... you make this - victor no . we make this . igor 's eye go over the creature , pinpoint all of he work ; it 's all go to this monstrosity . Victor prime machine , and they begin to hum and whir loudly . victor ( cont 'd ) the lung , the spine , the heart , the brain , all you work . all impossible without you , as a matter of fact . be you ready ? igor be clearly horrify ; what have he be party to ? igor Victor , I do not - what be this ? you say this be about life , not death - victor stand back . Victor throw a massive switch , and there 's a sharp buzz of electricity ! we see arc and loop of blue energy zap across suspend cable , slamm into connector on the bolt in Gordon 's neck . igor leap back , startle . steam rise off Gordon 's body . the machine wind down . Victor approach slowly . igor ... what - victor look. listen . igor look and listen ... and be amaze . Gordon be alive . only marginally , but yes ... the chest rise and fall . the eye , horrible and monstrous , be open , and blink . igor 's shock and excitement be palpable . he run he hand over its flesh and put he ear to its chest , listen to the slow beat of the heart . he look down at the animal ; there 's a odd peace about it , a innocence . igor it ’s... alive . victor it 's alive . igor ++.-victor - 45 . victor it can not quite move ; the charge only last about a hour , and the body be mostly rudimentary mock up - igor this be - Victor - you have create life from nothing , do not you see how impor - victor tomorrow you shall accompany I to the college . I have announce that I will be make a presentation of my private study - igor I - to the college - as you assistant ? victor assis - igor , do not be a idiot . you be my partner . igor be completely overwhelm . smash CUT to : ext . the royal college of medicine - morning the main building of the college be on a big , beautiful campus . Victor and igor be unload the big gurney off the top of a coach , the bedsheet tie down tightly . Victor hand igor down the heavy dynamo equipment , and igor look up at the college . it 's everything he have ever dream . flash to : igor and Victor be roll the gurney up one of the school 's hallway . victor ( loudly ) presentation ! Big presentation in hall h! the school be mostly empty . the student who be there seem at best disinterested , at worst disgust . igor notice , but stay quiet . int . hall h Victor and igor stand at the front of the big lecture hall . the Gordon - gurney and the dynamo be all set up . Victor be address the audience . 46 . igor be clearly uncomfortable , and concerned about he friend . Victor 's voice have a new element to it : a nervous tremor that we have not hear before . victor since the beginning of modern medicine , there have be a assumption regard the nature of mortality , that be - that be that death be a unavoidable event whose inevitability should be take for grant . I aim to show that life be not some heavenly grace give to we by a all - powerful god - but no - no instead that it be something natural - finnegan ( 0.s. ) get on with it ! we pan to reveal that the hall be nearly empty ; of two hundred seat , only seven be fill . they all look disinterested and bored . in the back be Michael finnegan , 21 , dress in only the finest clothes , refine , handsome and posh , a child of wealth with a accent so upper-crust he make Victor and igor sound like they be from Michigan . his outburst draw some laugh from the crowd . victor ah - uh , yes - indeed , I will - igor , start up the dynamo . igor yes , master . victor I present to you ! I present to all of you here , the brave few who come - finnegan the brave few , poppycock ! it 's the beginning of Christmas recess , of course there 's no one here frankenstein ! I have a coach wait ! who else be keep they coach wait ? there be some murmur of agreement from the other . igor prime the dynamo . victor I present to you , life by my own creation ! Victor yank the bedsheet down . the reveal of Gordon ( dead and lifeless ) have a definite effect on the crowd : negative ; murmur of disgust , and two student get up and leave . 47 . victor ( cont 'd ) ( hurriedly ) I build this homunculus out of part primarily take by from the London Zoo , which have have much difficulty in care of they exotic animal . he be primarily - primarily chimpanzee , but with help from my partner igor , we have interlace multiple individual , multiple species - igor be it ready , good - if you will all come closer , please . the remain four student come down , grudgingly , mumble . finnegan stay right where he be . victor ( cont 'd ) and now , through the miracle of electricity : life ! igor fire the dynamo . the effect be immediate , and unexpected . dozen of fly explode out from all over Gordon ! the four student swear and shout they disgust , head out . victor ( cont 'd ) no no - wait , do not - igor , shock he again , harder . igor shock Gordon again . everyone 's leave except finnegan , who begin applaud . finnegan frankenstein , you have live up to you father 's reputation , to you own expansive mythos of strangeness and perversion ! delightful ! spectacular , just - a exquisite show of deprave lunacy - victor again , harder ! igor shock Gordon again , nothing , and Victor shove he out of the way , amp the dynamo all the way , shock he again ... nothing . finnegan oh , so the show be not over ? I must say though , you will be hard press to beat the fly , a really inspire moment of grotesque revulsion - Victor shock Gordon again , still nothing . the generator sputter and die , spitting out acrid black smoke . 48 . finnegan ( cont ’d ) what do you have plan next , perhaps a midget be hide inside you rotting meat sculpture 's stomach , ready to pop out with a bouquet of ro - Gordon groan . finnegan ( cont 'd ) ro - ...rosis ... Gordon ... blink . victor ha ! you see it 's - Gordon 's right arm rip free of the restraint , smashing victor and sending he flailing backward into a blackboard , which crack in half on he impact . igor viic - the other arm tear loose , grab igor and fling he into the generator . he collapse , daze . oh shit . finnegan stand , watch as Gordon finish rip itself free from the gurney . finnegan I say . finnegan , fearless with the entitle bravado of the truly wealthy , rush down to Gordon as it get up . Gordon turn on he , leaping up onto the podium ahead of he and block he path - he stand perfectly still . Gordon roar , a unnatural , painful sound , and finnegan fall on he ass , before the creature turn and gracefully springboard off the wall , crash out through a window to the roof . finnegan ( cont ’d ) by jove . brilliant . igor , frantic , race to the shattered window , look out after Gordon , then go to Victor , who 's groggily get up . igor the creature - — victor do you see ? incredible ! Victor can not stand , he 's too woozy from the hit . 49 , victor ( cont 'd ) better than I possibly could have hope for - igor but it 's free ! it 's - dangerous ! victor yes , marvellous - igor Victor , we have to stop it - igor turn and Victor grab he roughly by the sleeve . victor no . you must not let any harm come to it . it 's my creation , it 's more important than any the life of any of the idiot at this school . there 's a moment of very intense eye contact , and then igor yank he arm away , and Victor fall . victor ( cont 'd ) damn it igor ! igor rush out onto the roof . and we follow he out onto the perilous , sloping shingle tile of the school 's roof . Gordon , a creature never mean for full mobility , have start leak . badly . he 's leave a trail of blood that igor hurry to follow , nearly slip a few time on the tile turn a corner and find Gordon perch on a chimney , look down at a courtyard full of student with they bag , wait to go home for winter break . it have a bloodlust in its eye , the craze violence of a insane animal never mean to exist ; it start to head down towards the courtyard , growl ... igor , have the epiphany that he have no idea how to stop this thing , skid to a halt in the soot of the chimney . igor h - ... hello , I - Gordon turn abruptly , and scream , charge down the roof , rip up roof tile and fling they at igor , who turn , scramble away , but Gordon quickly overtake he , tackle he and send they both tumble violently down towards the ledge . the fall have a bizarre , unsettle effect on Gordon ; the creature 's patchwork body , not intend for this , have start to come apart ! 50 . igor and Gordon fall over the edge , but igor catch himself , dangle by one hand over a fifteen foot drop to the roof of the school 's greenhouse . Gordon come out of nowhere , swinging at he easily and gracefully , slashing wildly . the blow knock igor 's grip loose , and tear he shirt , expose the backbrace beneath ; dangle this way igor be defenseless , and he have to take the hit as they come , until - gordon leap entirely onto igor , cause they both to plummet down onto the greenhouse - shatter a large portion of it . igor be leave lay daze across the rickety framework . he slowly push himself to he foot , force to go back to he circus training ; on this thin steel beam , it 's practically a tightrope . igor ( cont 'd ) all right ...... where would you go ... where have you - Gordon burst up through a panel to he right , take a wild swing , and igor be force to hurry he treacherous progress , try to make it to a nearby roof . meanwhile , Gordon be easily monkey around upside - down on the interior ceiling of the greenhouse , smash through panel to take wild swing at igor . igor make the leap to the roof , and Gordon come smash into he from behind ; the impact be enough to literally knock one of igor 's shoe off , but he training as a clown help he to roll with the impact . Gordon roar again , and charge once more ; a chase begin over the roof of the college , which we the audience along with igor realize be actually many building , build only a few foot apart . igor , jump this gap with this monstrosity mere second behind he and gain , realize what he have to do . jumping past a wind -vein , igor rip it free , and at the next gap , turn and bash gordon across the face . Gordon be disorient mid-jump , and begin to fall into the gap between the building , but grab igor , pulling he down too - between the building the space be incredibly claustrophobic , they fall slowed by impact against both wall - for a terrifying moment igor be trap against the monster 's bosom , but he fight free - 51 . brace himself against the wall , igor try to make it to the edge as the still - fall monster grab at he - again igor brace himself but he knee be at he chest , and the monster pull he down further , it finally hit the ground - igor try to move over it ; it hit he , hard , dazing he but push he to the edge - Gordon yank itself towards he , not caring about the flesh be shear away , he 's doom , it - the daze igor be yank out into a patch of dirt by the stable igor lay there daze , watch helplessly as Gordon begin to pull itself free , snarling and roaring in rage , one arm grab igor 's leg - wham . a shovel come down Gordon 's wrist , and he jerk back he arm , take a swing instead at victor frankenstein , wield a shovel . again we see the easy , serpentine way Victor can dodge ; he ghost around three huge swing from the monster 's free arm , and then bring the shovel crash down on its head - - and again - - and again and again and again and again and again - igor ( cont 'd ) Victor ! it 's dead , it 's dead ! Victor , cover in the creature 's blood , he hair hang in sweaty strand , hunch over and breathe hard , look at igor . he drop the shovel . igor ( cont 'd ) you kill it . you ... you kill it - victor of course . ( beat ) I could not let it hurt you , could I ? igor and Victor stare at each other , realize with equal part fear and enthusiasm how little each of they know about the true nature of the other . finnegan clean that damn thing up . finnegan run up , possibly the most exercise he 's ever have , follow by he huge , fancy coach . 52 . finnegan ( cont ’d ) I have have my man collect you equipment from the hall , now clean that thing up and get it into the carriage , quick . victor what ? why ? finnegan just do it ! Victor stare at he , look completely insane , and finnegan be correctly intimidate . finnegan ( cont 'd ) because you be two mad bloody geniuse , and it would be a tremendous waste to see you haul off to Scotland yard . Victor look to igor . igor look to Victor . Victor offer igor he hand , and igor take it . Victor pull he to he foot . close on : finger , fidget with a crucifix , turn it around and around , end over end . int . greenhouse - sunset Inspector turpin be here with alistair , amongst all the break glass , as they talk to a elderly groundskeeper . turpin 's red-ey , anemic condition appear slightly worse ; he 's distract , not really pay attention to the groundskeeper , instead look up at the shattered roof , osmose the scene , fidget with he cross . groundskeeper we do not expect to have a real Inspector from the yard out , you see , we just think there would be a few bobby to make a report of the damage . alistair Inspector turpin and I be here because he believe - we believe there might be a connection to a ongoing investigation . turpin notice something on the wall , and get up onto a table , try to get a better look at the roof . he reach up and touch something on the shattered window . 53 . groundskeeper oh , I nary think it 's anything so serious , probably just some hooligan out for a laugh before christma - turpin raise he hand , which be cover in blood . turpin hooligan . groundskeeper good christ - turpin constable , give I a lift would you ? moment later , on the roof ... turpin have pull himself up out onto the shattered roof , constable alistair clumsily follow . turpin begin make he way further up the roof . alistair Inspector , I do not think it 's safe that we should - turpin oh come now , I be make easy work of it , and I have not sleep in day . alistair ...- you have not be sleep ? turpin a slip of the tongue . it 's just be a difficult time . not enough money in this job ; a christly occupation , to be certain , but I can not afford a sitter to watch my Rebecca , and it 's ... taxing , on the mind . I have be have nightmare , as well . alistair well , the case have go mostly cold . Sir , if you need a break , I be sure myself or Inspector Walton could take over - turpin hoist himself up onto the next level of the roof , notice igor 's shoe and pick it up as he go . turpin do not be silly , Ali ; what do you think the nightmare be ... about ... alistair Inspector ? something wrong ? 54 . alistair hurriedly pull himself up onto the roof after turpin , and see turpin , still clutching the shoe , stare at the glaringly obvious trail of blood and destruction , bizarre and horrifying in the darken daylight . alistair ( cont 'd ) dear god . turpin ..+- mostly cold indeed . int . victor' flat Victor and igor be argue ; it 's the first time this have ever happen . igor it be bloody homicidal ! victor there be no way I could have know - igor but Victor you could have help , you could have do something - victor I do do something , I save you life ! what be I mean to do , spring up like a jack - in- the - box after it pummele I into a wall , say how - ya - do and take it down with a crisp uppercut ? what do you want — igor you say you do not care about the people at the school ! the other student - — victor stop go on about '' people '' be '' in danger '' and you be '' throw off a building , '' igor , we make real progress today ! finnegan emerge from the attic door . igor start a rebuttal , but Victor raise a hand , and igor 's subservient instinct guide he to silence . they look to finnegan . finnegan be I to understand you ... build all that ? victor that 's correct . 55 . finnegan and you ... Mr. straussman , you be responsible for conglomerate the organic tissue of the creature I see today ? igor I - ( look to Victor ) yes , that 's right . finnegan 's next word be measure to the millimeter . finnegan i... apologize , Victor . I have ... misjudge you . you flaw , though they be glaring and massive be ... merely social , not intellectual . I find you work astonish , innovative , and ... to be perfectly frank ... brilliant beyond my own ability to comprehend . there 's a beat , and finnegan take a deep breath . finnegan ( cont ’d ) as you know , I come from the third richest family in England . could you create another one , like Gordon ? igor like Gordon ? finnegan well , no . aman . something capable of follow order . igor no , that 's ridicu - victor we will do it . we can do it . finnegan be there a hesitation , igor ? igor this technology be not mean for - victor there be no hesitation . finnegan give igor a short glance , chuckle . finnegan I have the mean to back you in you experiment on much larger scale . ( more ) 56 . finnegan ( cont 'd ) all of they , igor , this artificial man would just be a start point . you be certain you be - victor he 's certain . finnegan hah , very well . I x11 want another demonstration , more control . I want to know that you can follow direction . take order , so to speak . be this a problem ? victor no. finnegan excellent . expect to hear from I soon . finnegan leave , and igor stare angrily at Victor . Victor turn on he abruptly , and before igor can speak he 's immediately catch in a paralyzingly crisp stream of word . victor you do not create this technology , yet you presume to tell I how to use it ? know you place . I will not let you own ignorance of the world at large stand in the way of the progress of my experiment . igor but Victor , surely - victor have you already forget what I do for you at the circus ? igor fall silent . victor ( cont 'd ) this be my destiny , this be you destiny , finnegan be we only ally and we will build he a whole damn zoo of homunculi if it mean further we research , be I understand ? igor +.. yes mast - yes Victor . int . victor be flat - basement lab igor slowly come down the stair . Victor , wear a lab - coat , be work in near total darkness , light by spark . 57 . he 's stand over the operate table , which have a new sheet over it ; something under the sheet writhes and twist bizarrely . victor so glad you could be here . I want to show you my newest creation . igor move forward ; there 's strange , mute growl from beneath the sheet . igor look to Victor , who grab the sheet and yank it off , revealing ... the hunchback , dirty in he tatter clown uniform , writhe in he restraint on the table ! the hunchback turn to igor and let 's out Gordon 's hideous , mechanical scream ! smash to : int . victor be flat - igor 's room igor snap awake in bed , breathe hard . he calm himself down , and then look out the window , at dawn over London . ext . baron bomine 's residence - morning the huge house be beautiful , lead into by a long driveway . igor stand at the edge of this drive , clearly nervous , fidget . a butler come walk up the drive to get the mail , and igor , frantic , jump into a bush to try to hide . the butler reach the end of the drive , pick up the mail , and then casually turn to igor in the bush . butler can I help you , sir ? igor I ...uh ... I be here to see lorelei . butler master igor , I presume . igor falter , surprised , and then smile . ext . the thame - riverside igor and lorelei , look positively scorching hot , walk together up a walkway on the side of the Thames . lorelei well why do not you just tell he you will not do it ? victor it 's not - I owe he everything , I can not just - 58 . lorelei why not ? you say he identify you as he partner . igor ( quietly ) yes ... lorelei I do not know , if you ask I the whole business sound sinister . cut up corpse ? bring people back from the grave ? I be not a scientist nor a priest , but do not it seem wrong to you ? against nature ? igor no , no ... it 's about life , not death . igor and lorelei be come up a bridge to cross it , and igor realize privately that it 's the same bridge he jump off in he circus escape . they stop , look out over the dy . igor ( cont 'd ) Victor dream of a world fill with hope , instead of fear . a world where a mother who die during childbirth can live to see she son , where a murder man can personally identify he murderer . where a paralyze soldier with shrapnel embed in he spine can be kill , heal , and then be bring back to life to walk again . the possibility be endless ... lorelei yes but igor ... what do you want ? what be you place in this dream ? igor ...- enough about I . what 's next for you ? lorelei give he a look , but then laugh . lorelei honestly ? I be think of start to give lesson ... maybe even start a school . igor trapeze ? lorelei no , very few high society girl enjoy ... trapeze , more dance . ( more ) 59 . lorelei ( cont 'd ) gymnastics and dance , all the thing I know best - I could never go back to a circus , to that life - lorelei stop , seem to gather herself . lorelei ( cont 'd ) I must - I must - you be my close friend , for three year I know you as '' the hunchback - '' igor that 's over now - lorelei but the thing I see and - igor can you ever forgive I , I be so sorry - igor you should not apologize - lorelei no , I should . I should I should ( be overcome ) I see the way they treat you , sleep in that rail car and - igor lorelei- lorelei the beating , you have come around cover in bruise , I do nothing oh I do nothing , because I be too afraid and , and selfish - igor lorelei it 's all right - lorelei but that 's you nature to say '' it 's all right , '' you be too forgive - igor what be you go to do ? take it up with management ? who be there to tell ? who be there to turn to ? if you have come to my aid Nathaniel , rafferty and the rest ... I never blame you . not once . ever . igor let 's this sink in . they look down over bridge , to where the dy be pour into the water , coloring it purple , blue , red , green ... igor ( cont 'd ) besides , we be here now , be not we ? we be here and we be beautiful . 60 . lorelei ( collect herself ) what I be say be you must not allow anyone to bully you , ever again . if you think Victor be on the wrong road , you must make a stand . do not let yourself be anyone 's footstool , ever again . promise I . igor blink ; he 's somewhat in shock . igor I ... I promise . there 's a beat . they be stare into each other 's eye . there should be a kiss here . there be not . ext . victor be flat - shortly thereafter igor be confidently approach the door ; he reach out to open it , but then take a beat . igor ( mutter under he breath ) Victor ... truly respect I as a scientist ... something you can not control ... someone loudly clear they throat behind he , startling igor into a little yelp . there stand Doctor Claus von frankenstein , late 5as early 60 , lean and gray , with a demeanor so cold he breath have a wind chill factor . frankenstein igor . you look ... slimmer . I see you have finally organize you hair . ( beat ) you know you parent be worried sick about you , I assume . Tina have be in regular correspondence . igor .«.- I be sorry , I do not - frankenstein be Victor here . igor yes , i- frankenstein very well . 61 . int . victor be flat - continuous Victor sit at he desk ; he 's engross in draw something , a blueprint . he 's fully absorb in it , and do not look up when igor enter . victor where have you be ? do you really think it 's wise that you go gallivant about on the town when there 's a manhunt - frankenstein Victor . victor I be busy - father !? Victor jump up in such boyish haste he nearly knock over he work table . frankenstein hello . victor you - you come for Christmas - frankenstein no , Victor . sit down . victor I - yes , of course , please . frankenstein ( to igor ) leave . igor look to Victor ; shit , there go he chance to confront he . he go up the stair , but then stop at the top , surreptitiously eavesdropp as Victor and he father sit by the fire . victor Father , I be so excited to tell you , I have have great breakthroughs with my experiment — frankenstein talk into the fire , never once address Victor ; throughout they discussion Victor lean further and further forward in he chair , try to force himself into he father 's eye-line . frankenstein I do not care . victor my theory - listen father , my theory , they be all correct - 62 . frankenstein I do not care about you disastrous experiment or you poorly research theory - victor haha , yes , but that 's what I be - frankenstein Victor , silence . Victor fall quiet , the smile drip off of he face . frankenstein ( cont ’d ) when you be smaller I always have a great anxiety about you . you mother and myself always see that you have a capacity to ruin thing . do you remember all the thing you ruin . victor I - frankenstein do you recall what I say about you experiment . victor yes - frankenstein I say you experiment be of ill repute . I tell you not to become a doctor . the modern doctor be a wasteful man , I say , many time . he cannot accept that death be the inevitable , inescapable conclusion of life . he try to '' beat the reaper . '' this be futile . I have tell you this many thousand of time throughout you childhood , as it be a lesson , as you know , that cost I a great deal . victor but - you see that 's what I want to tell you , I have do it - I mean I can show you , I have finally ... Claus stare at Victor . Victor freeze in the gaze of the one person he clearly most want to impress ... frankenstein yesterday I receive a telegram , inform I that you be to be call before the board of director of the college . they say you neglect schoolwork . they say you behave strangely . they intend to expel you . do you know this ? 63 . victor I - expel I , they can not - frankenstein can not they ? victor ... Father ... if you just listen to I , I ...i ... frankenstein you what ? victor I - frankenstein luckily you be of age where I no longer need to take responsibility for you fault and failing . if the board ask I to speak in you hearing , I will tell they you never should have be admit in the first place . Victor sit stare at he father . victor I ... I be so sorry father . frankenstein apology . are. meaningless . how many time must I tell you . frankenstein stand up and leave , just like that , leave Victor sit , silent . igor , upstairs , clearly do not know what to do next . int . scotland yard - turpin 's office turpin 's office be messy , clearly the de of a hardwork man . he 's sit at the desk alongside he daughter rebecca , 9 year old . she 's adorable , currently play with turpin 's magnify glass . he lean to and make a face at she through it . she laugh , delighted . alistair enter , hold a sheet of paper . alistair result on the shoe be back , Inspector - oh , hello miss Rebecca - rebecca ( peer at he through the magnifier ) hello mister alistair . 64 . turpin I could not find a sitter . busy night . let I see . turpin grab the list , go over it . alistair custom job , like you think . tailor make by Red Crescent cobbler , only six make in that size in the last two year - turpin ha . well would you look at that . ( flip the list over ) '' igor . '' int . victor be flat - victor be room - later the sun be set . Victor be stare at it through he window . he 's a million mile away , lose in the labyrinth of he own brain , mumble to himself . igor so what 's this then ? Victor 's startle ; he turn to see igor hold the blueprint he be work on . victor finnegan 's project . a artificial man , a modern prometheus - ... it 's stupid . the research be pointless . igor look at Victor ; he 's pathetic , sit there like a child . his father 's word split he down the middle . igor seem to steel himself ... ..- but then stop , he own kindheartedness win out . igor it 's also not big enough . victor ..- what - igor oh nothing , never mind - victor no , I - what do you mean ? igor turn the blueprint around ; it 's a human body , or rather , instruction for building one . igor Gordon be fast , sure ... but he could not muster much strength at all . seem to be have a hard time breathe - Victor perk up just a tiny bit . victor embolism , in the lung , of course ! with that much raw energy coursing through the body the organ overtaxe themselves , would have be dead in ten minute shovel or no ! igor but if we be go to build something that we want to live and stay alive , we be go to need more energy . ton more energy . victor yes . but what could possibly generate - igor victor lightn ? lightn ! Victor sit up scramble through he messy desk . victor ( cont 'd ) I have just the thing - one of my earliest design for the lazarus suck energy out of the air , surely a larger version could , create a static burst similar to lightning , or , in theory - 65 . he find the blueprint he be look for ; a menace spikey mad science rig label '' the cloud hook . '' victor ( cont 'd ) how would it handle the energy - I mean we can not simply make bigger organ - — igor two set of lung . victor ha ! aha ! yes , brilliant ! not just lung , either , two heart , as well , keep the blood flow through that bigger body ! igor shall I get some whiskey - victor yes ! do that ! in the live room , later ... Victor have pull a chalkboard into the live room . the two of they be drink , laugh , diagramm they creation . 66 . igor he ’1ll need a broad head - maybe a elephant skull - victor yes , to house all the electrical stabilize equipment - maybe we could just make we own skull - igor make we own - later ... drunker . igor ( cont 'd ) the bone will have to be reenforce ; we can shape elk , maybe- victor and we can give he a great ... great flat head - igor yes , and then , install , a chess board across the top of he head - victor yes so that I shall beat you at chess whilst riding on the shoulder of my glorious behemoth - later ... drunkest . igor hold himself up on the board , Victor perch awkwardly in the chair , both of they unable to talk or breathe through laughter . igor great - giant bosom - all over - victor yes and we shall - shall install saddle to ride on the - breast - giant breast and people will say '' here come igor and Victor and they masterpiece of tit '' - slam to : igor , fast asleep on the floor of he bedroom . there 's noise from downstairs . igor , shoeless and bedraggle , check the clock : 3:46 am . int . victor be flat - continuous igor cautiously make he way down the stair , see Victor , fully dress , head out the door . 67 . igor where be you go ? victor oh , you be awake . I do not want to disturb you . finnegan 's call we in for we second test . igor what ? now ? victor yes , apparently it 's quite urgent . igor well let I - victor igor , there 's no time . Victor turn and start to head out the door . igor but I do not even - wait ! Victor ! smash to : igor , still shoeless , in a carriage next to Victor as it go through the street . he look understandably pensive . int . dettweiler 's lab it 's a big warehouse space ; all the light be out , except for a few at the back , which faintly illuminate move figure . igor and Victor enter at the darken side , and bright white electrical bulb flicker to life , revealing a pristinely clean , high tech laboratory and machine shop . over at the far end , we can see finnegan , stand around a table with a bunch of well - appoint man in labcoat . finnegan excellent ! you make it . this way , right this way . finnegan beckon they , and Victor start quickly move through the lab , igor behind he , amaze by all the different equipment . they approach the crowd of scientist , and finnegan smile ; they be gather around a little dirty bundle on the table . finnegan ( cont ’d ) so glad you could make it . this be fritz dettweiler , the man I tell you about , Victor . fritz , this be Victor frankenstein , igor straussman . 68 . igor awkwardly extend a hand to fritz dettweiler , late 40s , a gaunt , wispy german man with the countenance of a skeleton . he glance at igor 's outstretch hand , disinterested . dettweiler I do not normally work with a partner , much less two . Young finnegan reach I through he father 's company . he have tell I you young man can do thing , wondrous thing with flesh . perhaps too wondrous to be believe . finnegan dettweiler 's a engineer . dettweiler the foremost engineer in Europe . victor that seem a bit of a reach . dettweiler as do the ability to reanimate the dead . Victor just smile . dettweiler sigh . finnegan here , you will see , you will see ... finnegan go around the table to the bundle , and unwrap it , igor and Victor lean in . it 's ...he be a dead infant , not even a year old . its little body be cold and gray , but not gruesome . finnegan ( cont ’d ) Dead not even six hour . igor pull back in revulsion , whilst Victor merely look to finnegan . victor where do you get this ? finnegan one of my work -study . I very charitably decide to work Christmas Eve , and lo and behold , the baby winthrop pass on . victor the parent ? finnegan lower class people ; the Winthrop , of devonshire road . I have tell they I have take the baby to the mortuary . 69 . dettweiler raise a marble . dettweiler this be find in the infant 's throat . they should have watch they child with more care . dettweiler smile at igor , who cringe . finnegan we have get a private room in there set up with all the equipment from the blueprint you give I . igor you give he you plan ? Victor , ignore igor , nod in agreement . dettweiler so . can you do it ? victor absolutely . int . dettweiler 's lab - pre - op Victor and igor be wash up . igor tell I it will work . tell I the baby will be all right . victor of course it will work . the bio - electric energy from the fork should heal any of the cell lose from the subject 's period of death -- igor Victor , we do not know if - victor I do . ( beat ) I have resurrected rat before , and they come out ... you know , mostly alright , and that be before I have you gift hand . you can save a life or let it disappear . we enter a melancholy , solemn sequence Victor and igor , in a private room cramped with sleeker , more high tech version of Victor 's equipment , lay the baby winthrop on the table , and begin the process of prepping it . 70 . we watch as they give it various injection , stretch the body to hold off rigor mortis , as igor use he deat skill as a surgeon to insert electrode all over the body . igor attaches the lazarus fork bolt into the baby 's neck . finnegan , dettweiler and he scientist surround the table . igor stand back , nervous . Victor prime the machine , and without ceremony , fire the dynamo . nothing happen , and then the electrical wiring all over the baby light on fire . this get laugh from the scientist . victor ( cont 'd ) igor , help , quickly - igor and Victor tear away all the equipment , put out the fire ... ...to reveal the baby winthrop , uninjured and very much alive . finnegan look to dettweiler , enormously pleased with himself ; the scientist quietly lose they shit . dettweiler mein gott . incredible . igor look to Victor , who raise a eyebrow : '' told you so . '' finnegan gentlemen , if you have excuse we . the scientist move out into the lab . finnegan ( cont ’d ) well alright then , which one of you be go to be a sport and kill it ? victor I will . igor I - you - what !? victor - finnegan what 's this tizzy ? what do you want I to do ? bring it back ? ( tinkling laugh ) of course we have to kill the infant . I be afraid this be not negotiable ; I have really be much more comfortable know the thing be properly dispose off . victor it 's just a experiment , igor . we must make sacrifice - igor I will not let you - I will not stand by - 71 . victor you will . you will stand by . you will get out of the way - finnegan my word , for the money I be now go to put behind you , you can resurrect a dozen baby - igor I - I - I - you bastard , you bloody monstrous bastard - victor get out of here . now . igor look at the baby one last time , but he natural meekness overpower he , and he storm out . int . dettweiler 's lab - MAIN room - continuous igor push through the scientist , make a beeline for the door . ext . dettweiler 's lab - continuous igor storm out into the empty , snowy street , cry , raging , he stomp back and forth . no ! he won ’t stand for this ! int . dettweiler 's lab - MAIN room - continuous igor charge back in , finnegan step in front of he - igor shove he aside , go towards the surggery door , which burst open . Victor hold the dingy little bundle . victor make yourself useful and dispose of this . Victor slam the bundle to igor 's chest . igor stare at he in horror . Victor be emotionless , cold ... the world seem to fall away for igor . everything go silent . begin song : '' fix you " , by coldplay . clutch the bundle to he chest , he turn and walk out the door . 72 . ext . dettweiler 's lab - continuous igor slam the door behind he , breathe hard , tear stream down he face . he stare out into the predawn fog , he mind racing ... the baby winthrop coo . igor look down : the baby , though unconscious , be alive . he blink in shock . a scrap of paper be tuck in with the baby . scribble in familiar handwrite : '' I - how little you think of I . - F . '' igor let 's out a little gasp laugh , and then look around in disbelief . ext . london - dawn the snow fall lightly , the crowd bustles , and igor emerge , carry the baby . he walk across half the city , purposeful , not pause ; Christmas morning be peaceful , but we watch as the street slowly crowd with people . we see he ask several stranger for direction , find he way , crossing bridge , go down alley , finally reach ... ext . winthrop residence igor stop outside the house , and look down at the baby . he go up to the door of the rickety little brownstone house , knock , no reply . and then mr . winthrop answer the door ; the man be a wreck , pale , red -ey , bereaved . he see igor ; he speak . igor do not respond . instead , he simply hold out the baby . winthrop stare at it , and then call out , and again , and again . igor hand the baby to he and he nearly faint . mrs . winthrop appear in the doorway . she see the baby , and simply stare in shock . Mrs. winthrop clutches onto both she child and she husband as igor slowly back away from the door . the reunite family collapse in a sobbing heap in they door frame . they begin to call after igor , but igor , take one last long look at they ... vanish into the crowd . ext . the thame igor stand stare out over the water , cry , breathe hard , laugh and talk to himself . he seem to realize something , and then take off run . 73 . ext . the street of london igor run , and run , and run , a man on fire . he stop , wind , to loosen he back brace . ext . baron bomine 's residence - moment later igor run up from the street , through the garden , up to the front door , knock frantically , wait , knock again , wait , the butler answer , igor speak frantically , the butler go away , igor wait , try to fix he dishevel appearance , make it worse , lorelei appear in the doorway - igor grab she and kiss she . after a startle moment , she kiss he back . they stand in the doorway , laugh and hold each other . ext . victor be flat - later igor approach , divinely happy , drive , head towards the door , when someone grab he sleeve ... ..- it 's turpin . CuT '' fix you '' abruptly . turpin hello again , igor . int . victor' flat igor be bring out tea , he hand shaking . turpin be settling down opposite Victor by the fire , constable alistair over by the window . Victor now sit in the chair he father sit in , with turpin in the smaller seat . turpin pleasant Christmas ? victor indeed . we go carol . we be both very tired - turpin whose coach be that I see drop you off , Victor ? victor my father 's . he take I for lunch . turpin smile . 74 . turpin igor , would you mind show I you shoe ? victor not just yet , Inspector . what 's all this about ? alistair it 's in relation to the Blue meringue Circus hunchback murder . victor what 's he shoe get to do with it ? turpin interesting you say '' shoe '' rather than '' shoe . '' ( beat ) something wrong , Mr. straussman ? victor oh ! that 's right ! I do recall read about it : the hunchback what throw the dwarf off the bridge . ( beat ) be not there talk of ... witchcraft ? alistair well , we do not give credence to occult speculation - turpin not officially . victor oh , but unofficially ? you believe in ... witch , Inspector ? goblin ? turpin oh , no , nothing so extreme . but I do believe there be punishment for deal with the devil . just as there be punishment for lie to police officer . Victor and turpin seem to lock in on each other . victor ah , yes , but police officer actually exist , you see . turpin funny , Victor . but , in the end , thing have a way of catch up , even with the funny people . now let I see he shoe . 75 . victor to see he shoe I be afraid I be go to have to see a proper search warrant . turpin what be you play at Victor ? what do you have to hide ? victor you have twice mention punishment without specify who would be meting it out . turpin I infer we Lord . victor oh yes , '' God , '' hm , well , I be sure if god exist I would be in far deeper trouble than I be now - turpin I be not here to convert you , Victor - victor no , indeed , go ahead , it 's a cause without a champion . tell I more about this '' god '' fellow who apparently have some vendetta against I - turpin I do not come to debate religion with a child scientist - victor what be the insult there , '' child '' or '' scientist - " turpin I know you bloody type , frankenstein , all sure of they theory and analysis , you listen , my wife Claudia , bless she soul , she trust in that poppycock and what would it get she , dead , say it be appendicitis well look how far it get she know the name , how much money we spend on the medicine , my daughter cry all night , all the treatment and she 's still dead be not she , she 's still dead because God be punish I be not he , for my folly , and she for parlay with the gypsy come up from White Chapel , and you think you be so smart , well you be not so smart and I be onto you and I 'il - victor my god . you be mad . 76 . turpin stop dead at this , trail off and seem to take Victor 's accusation under very serious consideration . alistair roderick , do not - victor easy constable . do not agitate the loony - turpin flip the tea-tray , startling igor , but Victor do not flinch . he stand there breathe hard for a moment . turpin I ’1ll be back here with a warrant . victor I look forward to that . will you be bring the apostle along as muscle ? turpin we will see . we will see who 's so bloody smart . turpin go to leave , but stop for a moment , take a hard look at igor , who 's freeze in terror . turpin shake he head , mutter something , and storm out , alistair follow . victor well . that be exciting . the two of we both quite mad , shouting at each other . stuff of legend . ext . victor be flat - continuous turpin rage out into the street , alistair in tow . turpin I want a damn warrant , call I mad - alistair inspector , I can not vouch for you , we see no sign of any foul play and the shoe alone be not enough - turpin do you see how they froze up when we mention the shoe , they be hide something - alistair I agree that they behavior be suspicious , but - turpin sus - suspicious !? he arrive in a finnegan industry coach , and then lie ! they lied to my face . to we face . ( more ) 77 . turpin ( cont 'd ) and couple with Victor 's combativeness , he aggression ... and the basement door , open , straussman stare at it in fear the whole time . a warrant be not good enough , we need a raid . will you back I if we go to Chief Inspector ? alistair -.- yes . I will . there 's a strange beat , turpin try to collect himself . turpin listen , alistair , I get excited in there but ... ( beat ) I be not mad . it come out sounding more like a question than a statement . int . victor be flat - victor 's room Victor be go through he closet , get dress , while a concerned igor be nearby . igor do you have to needle he like that ? victor the man be a unstable sideshow , of no threat to we - igor we have a say back in the circus , '' never feed a lion when it 's hungry . '' victor enough . Victor pull on he coat . victor ( cont 'd ) we be already late for my hearing . apparently they can not expel I quickly enough . Victor seem to choke on this last sentiment . victor ( cont 'd ) listen , would you ... come with I . igor to the hearing ? 78 . victor yes . I intend to give they a piece of my mind and I would rather - I would rather not do it alone . smash to : Victor , silent and meek , on a raise platform . int . administration room it 's beautiful but very sparse , Victor stand alone ina sea of negative space , with the board of director across the room from he behind a desk . his father sit nearby , stare out a window . igor stand off to the side , in a corner . dr . clive , the head of the board , old and dignify , be read from a list . dr . clive - student find Victor to be in turn rude , obnoxious , sinister , unpleasant , a loudmouth , a braggart , a false intellectual and a liar . for every essay Victor be assign he return spurious hokum regard raise the dead , or ranting and blueprint regard he apocryphal electrical creation . when remind that this be not a engineering college , Victor be quote as say '' the body be merely a machine . if you do not understand this you be a ignorant nincompoop who be better off spend he day in a barn , perfect the art of milk a male horse . '' at this , there 's some hubbub at the board desk . victor D - ... d- Doctor clive , Doctor cush , Doctor brannaugh , I j- dr . price Dr. frankenstein , have you anything to say ? frankenstein think . victor f- Father - frankenstein only that I be shocked that he be able to attend this long . 79 . dr . price very well . Victor frankenstein , for the afore state grievance , I hereby state that you be expell from the Royal College of medic - igor you leave he alone damn it ! victor igor , do not - igor have this reputable institution have no eye for real intelligence , real innovation , real revolution ? surely a real medical school would have this man perform he experiment in its hallow hall , rather than in the dingy confines of a basement . time will prove all of you fool , fool , and show this man to be a genius ! Victor look to be in a state of shock . igor 's flustered , breathe hard . the medical board exchange glance . dr . price I be sorry but ... who be you , exactly ? int . coach - ten minute later Victor and igor sit in the coach as it rattles up the street . Victor have he head press against the window , stare out . igor be clearly nervous he 's screw up . Victor speak without look up , clearly lose in he own thought . victor he be not always like that you know . ( beat ) I have a brother . Henry . he be older than I by three year , but he never , he never bully I the way the boy at school be bully by they brother , he be ... kind . he be intelligent , more than kind he be intelligent , my parent have such great hope for he . one night , I go out in the snow , to watch a storm , I - I do not understand the danger , but Henry do . he come out look for I , and Kent do get cold , it do get so cold at night . ( shiver , upset ) ( more ) 80 . victor ( cont 'd ) I find my way home , but they find Henry the next morning .... not Dead yet , but , die . my father rush to town to get medicine , but by the time he get back it be too late . Henry have ... die . only moment before my father return . he be fourteen . ( beat ) it change my father . break he . he lose hope in everything , become ... you have see he . you have see what he become . and I suppose it change I , too . I could no longer , like so many do , live in fear of death , in fear of life , this mystical thing . no . I have to see they make tangible . Henry deserve a second chance . my father deserve a second chance , everyone deserve a second chance . and now I have build something that can finally ... Victor trail off , stare out the window . victor ( cont 'd ) what you do back in the college . no one have ever . no one have ever . I have only ever have one friend . I be happy that it be you . igor nod . then , after a hesitant beat ... igor listen , Victor ... I have faith in you . I have faith in you idea , and I understand you think finnegan be the only way to continue we work , but I ask you to reconsider . his motive be unclear , he lack of morality frighten I , and the fact that you have already give he most of you design , we design , scare I most of all . so if I truly be you partner ... if I truly be you friend ... Victor seem to osmose this for a moment , take it in . victor it 's all so dire now . all so dire . int . victor be flat - night igor be nervously sketching out a design for a lightweight , collapsible wheelchair . he hear a sound from upstairs and wait , look ; it 's clear Victor have go into he room and not come out for some time . there 's a knock at the door . 81. igor ( whisper - yell ) Victor ! Victor ! nothing . no response . igor try to look out the window , and can not see anything . tension build . he go and pick up a fireplace poker , then move slowly to the door ; the knock come again , startling he . igor ( cont 'd ) ( one last try ) Victor ! no response . igor swing open the door and see - lorelei ! igor yelp , drop the poker behind the door , and then try clumsily to camoflage he spazz - out by straighten he hair . one of Baron bomine 's carriage be park in the street behind she . lorelei ( laugh ) do I scare you ? igor yes , very much - lorelei I think since you be so bold in the morning , I should be bold tonight ... ( beat ) will you come with I to Baron bomine 's Christmas ball ? igor look hesitant ; he glance back at Victor 's lock door at the top of the stair , then at lorelei , then back at the door , then lorelei ... int . baron bomine 's residence - banquet room igor and lorelei be at a long table , fill with rich and swanky look high society type . Baron bomine be seat nearby . a nobleman be talk animatedly he friend , igor quietly listen and drink . nobleman Hospitals in general to I seem a indecent idea ; pile the sick together like that , just seem against common logic . people go in with a break leg , and come out dead from pneumonia . igor s' not the hospital . 82 . nobleman beg pardon ? igor look to lorelei , horrify at have speak up , but she urge he on . igor a good modern hospital should never have this problem . it 's just that in a city of this size , many of the hospital be unclean or poorly keep ; the notion of a hospital be a positive one , it 's the execution , the lack of public support , the acceptance of under - qualified doctor and nurse that allow the sort of infective cross pollination you be describe . nobleman mm. probably quite right , I suppose ; this day we seem to have wealth of medical student , and a dearth of real physician . be you a doctor ? igor I ... I uh - lorelei yes , he be train but never get a degree . nobleman I say , be you look for a job ? I run a company up north ; it would be a real boon to have someone on staff who know a bit about medicine , especially a respectable man like yourself . igor I ... uh , I would - nobleman no need to give I a answer right away . I x11 look into it . what do you say you name be ? igor blank out for a moment , shocked at the opportunity . lorelei igor . igor smile excitedly at lorelei , who squeeze he hand . later ... 83. igor be be introduce to various high society people ; at first , he look nervous , but by the third intro , he 's laugh , smile , crack joke ... later ... they be dance ; it 's all strict ballroom , but igor and lorelei be add goofy little circus flourish that be draw positive attention . Baron bomine , watch on , look pleased . igor grunt , suddenly pain . lorelei ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? igor yes , I just need a minute . int . baron bomine 's residence - igor and lorelei 's room a frustrated igor wrestle off he jacket and shirt . he tug on the back -brace , finally fully take it off . he realize with a start that he 's fine without it ; he 's outgrown it . ponder this , fold up the brace into a pocket - size ball , and stare at , roll it around in he hand . it be Victor . lorelei enter , shutting the door behind she . igor show she the fold back -brace . lorelei turn and lock the door , then rush igor , tackle he ; they fall onto the bed , giggle and make out ... it slowly turn more sexy ... int . bomine carriage —- morning the carriage rumble up the road , igor happy in the backseat clearly deep in think . they turn onto Victor 's street , and igor look up to see - ext . victor be flat - continuous the place be swarming with cop . bobby be everywhere , pound a batter ram against the front door , pry at the grate over the window . turpin 's among they . igor go , go , up there . the carriage pull around the corner , and igor hop out , ducking immediately behind a fruit cart . the crowd be distract by the bobby , and igor sneak around , ducking through the crowd , try to move towards a alley to the right of the house . turpin 's head snap up , pinpoint igor 's quick movement in the crowd . 84 . turpin ( mumble ) there you be . turpin take off run after igor , alistair stay behind with the bobby . he run hard , around the corner , around the building to the back alley where he nearly catch igor . the alley be cluttere with garbage , crate and water piping . igor manage to snake through , vault over , or smash aside the obstruction ; turpin can barely keep up . without the back -brace , this clown can move . igor round the corner , kick a box of garbage into turpin 's way , and then down a short , hide set of stair to Victor 's back door ; igor rush through , slamm it in Victor 's face . he scream in anger , kick it and try to get it open ... int . victor be flat - basement lab - continuous igor have himself frantically press against the door , turn to see Victor who 's rush from machine to machine , prime they to overload . igor Victor , we - victor where be you ? turpin ( 0.s. ) OPEN this door , now ! there 's no way out ! victor the bolt - get the bolt - igor frantically bolt the door . there 's a crash upstairs ; the bobby have breach the flat . victor ( cont 'd ) I have already send one of finnegan 's man for a carriage - igor Victor , stop , we have to get out of here ! victor and let they have my bloody machine , not likely ! we can hear bobby in the flat upstairs . 85 . victor ( cont 'd ) get a lazarus fork . as igor frantically search for a fork , Victor turn , pull up a panel from the floor , revealing a manhole cover . he begin use a wrench to unscrew the bolt on the cover . upstair , the bobby start pound on the door , hit it with the batter ram . igor find a lazarus fork . alistair ( 0.s. ) open the door ! Scotland yard ! turpin ( 0.s. ) you be do run , heathen ! the road end here ! victor not enough time - we need a distraction ! turpin have begin boot the alley door ; it 's shaking on its hinge badly , now . Victor toss the wrench to igor , and take the lazarus fork from he . igor what be you - victor get it open ! igor start work on the manhole cover , while Victor turn and rip open another hide compartment , some form of refrigerator ; there 's a huge burst of cold air ... -.- and a corpse fall out of it , into Victor 's arm . igor stop dead . victor ( cont 'd ) keep working you damn fool ! igor keep work , distract , panicked . Victor drag the corpse onto the table ; it be a young man , but now it 's emaciate and old and missing its eye . igor who - ... what - victor igor hunchback , meet igor straussman . igor ++.- you - you - victor I find he dead month ago , overdose . 86 . igor stand stare at Victor , pale and shocked . Victor quickly begin lock in the lazarus fork . the door upstairs start to give . victor ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for !? finish that cover ! you want to go back to the circus ? you want to go to prison or be execute by that maniac , work damn it ! Victor continue prime igor straussman 's corpse for resurrection , and igor numbly go back to unscrew the cover ; he 's nearly do . victor ( cont 'd ) the brain be undoubtedly too deteriorate - but he still ought to - the door upstairs give , and alistair lead the bobby in a charge down the stair , as Victor fire the dynamos . the overload machine spark and light on FIRE , fill the basement with fiery chaos - the charge , way too much , blast into straussman 's corpse , resurrecting it and lighting it ablaze . the scream , flail , flame zombie lurch off the table , and Victor casually shove into the onrushing police . brawl , burn chaos ensue . the door behind Victor be kick in by turpin , knock he down . turpin burst in , gun draw . he take a shot at Victor , who dive for cover , and then turpin turn , smack igor . turpin where 's the hunchback !? show he to I ! igor stagger back , but find himself block by the anarchy of straussman and the bobby . turpin grab he , slamm he against one of the machine . igor no - no - I be sorry , I be sorry - turpin stare at igor 's face , the realization hit he . turpin my god . it 's you . Victor grab turpin 's hand , and shove it into the spinning wheel of one of the burning dynamos . turpin scream in agony as he right hand be crush , which in turn jam the dynamo , send a spray of SPARKS directly into he face . the machine explode into flame , and igor go to try to help turpin as he burn , but Victor grab he , kick off the manhole cover , and drag they both down into the sewer hole . 87 . int . the sewer - continuous igor and Victor fall down into the muck , and Victor yank igor to he foot , both of they run , splash through the grime . there 's a splash from behind they , and igor look back into the darkness ; he can not see anything . Victor lead igor through the darkness , finally burst out through a drainage ditch onto the STREET they be a block away from the house , crawl up onto the street . a finnegan coach , mark as such , be park nearby . victor come on , come on ! igor falter , pull away from Victor , but then see someone come up from the drainage ditch . at this , he jump onto the alongside Victor , and it speed off up the street . as the carriage round the corner , turpin , bloody , burnt and shaking , one of he eye milk over and blind , pull himself up out of the ditch ; he get a momentary look at the carriage , before he fall backwards , into the ditch . turpin ( barely conscious ) f... finnegan . int . finnegan family home - office finnegan be at the far end of the luxurious home office , play dart . he 's focus , intense - Victor burst in , follow by igor , who 's clearly still deep in think . finnegan frankenstein , igor , what a unexpected surprise - my god what be you cover in - victor sewage . finnegan - delightful - victor the police have raid my home in search of igor . we manage to evade capture , but in the process we gravely injure several police officer . 88 . finnegan ..- ah . why - why exactly do the police - you know on second think , it do not really matter . I suppose now you 'il have no choice but to leave London , post haste . at the very least , get you sewage cover body out of my father 's office . victor yes , very good . finnegan snap . finnegan my family have a estate , the Castle erskine , in Belgium . quite rural and secluded , ideally suite to both you need as a scientist and a , well - fugitive . we could set up a new lab , with help from dettweiler , and - victor yes yes , good , we will leave immediately . finnegan oh will you ? ha , right , I ’1ll go prepare a coach . finnegan head out of the room . Victor sigh . victor this be you fault , I hope you know that . parade about town with the acrobat . still , all be forgiven ; perhaps this change of scenery will - igor I be not go anywhere with you . victor what ? for the first time in we story , igor be visibly angry . igor you amoral psychotic piece of shit - scratch that , furious . victor igor - igor how could you do that ? to keep from I for month that you have kill a man and give I he name - victor I do not kill he - you be overreact ! igor no , Victor , enough be enough - victor you have a chance here to be part of - igor of what ? be lie to , chase by monster and hunt by police - victor oh , do not focus on the dark side - igor no ! you be - you be a- a bad friend . Victor be startle by the simpleness of the accusation , and maybe even hurt . victor after all I do for you - igor you care for no one but Victor frankenstein - victor I tell you I do not kill straussman - igor and why should I believe you !? in my time with you I have see you put life in danger in pursuit of you dream , you experiment - — victor straussman be a waste of space , this fanfare from you be more of a funeral than he own family would have give he - igor so he deserve to be toy with like a puppet to help you escape , to have he eye tear out of he head , where be he second chance - victor I have not invent the fork yet , I could not - why be you say this thing , can not you see - finnegan reenter . 90 . finnegan all right , time be of the essence . gentlemen , you coach be ready - igor no Victor I see clearly . you be blind , and you have no capacity to see what 's happen , what you have do - finnegan - also , if I could ask you to turn down the volume , my parent be home after all - Victor look from finnegan , to igor and back . igor you can go to you ruin . but I be stay here . victor oh ? and go where , exactly ? back to the Blue meringue to resume you illustrious - — igor it 's none of you concern . victor none of my - oh , just brilliant ! what ? to lorelei ? where will you go ? igor be silent , stare at Victor ; Victor can feel himself be judge , slowly realize that igor be completely out of he control . his expression change . victor ( cont 'd ) you fool . I create you . clown ! Circus freak ! you think because I put you in a back - brace and cut you hair you can turn you back on I , go ahead , see how far you get in the real world with you '' acrobat '' and you new life ! you stand in the way of the future , you be a embarrassment to everything I have hope to accomplish ! Fine ! Fine ! I be rid of you , rid of you , rid of you ! Victor stand there , breathe hard , wait for igor to respond . he do not . Victor fidget , seem about to speak again , then turn and storm out . igor look after he in shocked disappointment . moment later ... 91 . igor stand on the balcony , watch Victor below as he get into a coach , stolid , emotionless . finnegan appear next to he , and look down at the depart coach , then at igor . he smile . finnegan so what 's next for you , then ? igor ... I do not know . finnegan that 's sad to hear , old boy . sad to hear . seem you and Victor have have a bit of a fall out . igor I say what I mean to say . finnegan very well , very well , good for you . ( beat ) you know , I know igor straussman . igor blink . finnegan ( cont ’d ) a real bore , nouveau riche , drug addict . nothing like ... this . igor I - finnegan ah-ah - ah . so who be you then ? that 's the question . do not matter , really . Victor 's be very forthcoming with he design , but I still need he for now . you , on the other hand - igor finnegan - finnegan so let 's see : you benefactor have depart , you home have be ransacke by police , you identity reveal as a fraud ... do you understand what I be say ? ( beat ) what I be get at , old sport , be that you will not be miss . igor be jabbe in the neck with a syringe , and one of finnegan 's goons yank a burlap sack over igor 's head from behind . smash to black . 92 . we can hear the sound of a carriage rattling up the street ; we be in igor 's Pov . finnegan speak ; igor 's drugge , and through the burlap sack finnegan 's face distort in nightmarish way . finnegan ( 0.c ) ( cont ’d ) you know you and Victor be not the only one with vision . you be not the only one try to change the world . I too have a dream of the future . a dream where the british empire extend not just to India and Africa , but over the entire globe . a world where dead enemy soldier be reassemble into new british troops . I see a unkillable army of you monster , one million strong , march across Paris , Moscow , Washington DC ... ( beat ) oh , you do not approve . I have imagine you and Victor would not like that much . luckily , the architect will not have to live in the house they build . Goodbye '' igor . '' there 's the sound of a door open . smash to : a watery impact - splash ! igor , the bag over he head , he ankle bound together and he hand tie behind he back , rapidly sink down into the water . he struggle frantically , but can not get free . igor 's nearly at the bottom now ; it 's get dark . he manage to shake off the bag , but still can not get he hand free of the bind . he 's run out of air ; he stare up at the light come down through the water high above he . he 's out of time . igor bend violently forward , crack he back ! he scream in pain , but the new position allow he to slip he hand under he foot , which let he rip off the binding around he ankle . ext . the thame - shore - continuous igor , return to he hunchback state , drag himself up through the mud onto the shore of the Thames . he vomit out water , cough , and howl in pain , tear off he wrist binding and clutching he back . he look up notice a group of little boy who be play by the river . 93 . igor help ... help I - the little boy , horrify of this muddy river monster , turn and run . igor lay there , sobbing and cough . ext . baron bomine 's residence - later lorelei be sit at a tea table in the garden , sip tea and read a book . there 's a crash from nearby , and lorelei stand up , go around the side of the house , where she see ... igor , filthy and pathetic , the hunchback , cower behind some garbage bin . he stare up at she , helpless and ashamed . she go to he . fade to black . fade in ... it 's be at least a week . igor , wear out , be in a bed , sick .... he try to get up , but then collapse onto the ground ; lorelei rush to help he . igor Victor ... Victor ... igor pass out . fade to black . abrupt CUT to : a crucifix , dangle limply . there 's a scratch sound in the background . int . scotland yard - chief inspector 's office roderick turpin sit alone in the police chief 's officer at the desk . he 's grind the heavy brass hook that use to be he right hand back and forth on the arm of he chair . time have past , and he injury be heal : he leave eye be go , cover by a leather patch . his skin be pock - mark with electrical burn , still cover by bandage . he be stare straight ahead at the chief 's empty seat . he do not move at all , except for the grind hook . the chief inspector enter , flanke by alistair , who go and stand by turpin . the Chief sit . he and turpin stare at each other . turpin straussman be not straussman . 94 . chief inspector beg pardon ? turpin the body , the burn creature , that be straussman . the young man who say he be straussman be in fact the hunchback , transformed by frankenstein - chief inspector Inspector , this be not - turpin they escape by way of a finnegan family coach ; finnegan also attend Royal College of Medicine , make sense , he 's in on it too , maybe funding they - chief inspector Inspector turpin , stop - turpin I would guess that frankenstein have fle the country , more than likely alongside finnegan , who a little digging show spend he summer at Castle erskine in Belgium - chief inspector roderick - turpin which be where we will find they , the hunchback on the other hand - well you see we never find the girl , the aerialist , and I have wager - chief inspector stop it roddy . damn it . turpin listen . we can catch they - chief inspector we can . and we will . turpin ...- be I to understand - alistair you be be remove from the case . chief inspector the whole force , in fact . constable alistair will be take you place . you be on a medical and mental reprieve . 95 . turpin do not do this . please . chief inspector Belgium , roderick ? High society hunchback , undead monster , conspiracy involve one of the richest family in England ? you have lose you grip , roddy , you have lose you whole hand ! you eye ! take a break , please ! turpin you bastard . chief inspector I be do this for you . spend some time with you daughter , rest , good god man . you be the best detective we have , and you have not - you have not slowed down since Claudia die - turpin do not you mention she name . do not you ever say she name . turpin seem to think for a moment , then pick up he chair and hurl it into the wall , shatter it . he stand there , uncomfortable , and then look to alistair . turpin ( cont 'd ) justice will be do . alistair just look a afraid . turpin calmly walk out , slamm the door behind he . int . baron bomine 's residence - bathroom igor be on the floor , brace against the side of the bathtub and the edge of the sink . he twist he body ; there be terrible crack and pop sound , and he gasp in pain , then wrench himself to the left - crack . swish to : igor click the backbrace back on . he look out the window , determine . ext . baron bomine 's residence - night igor exit the house , head down the step , walk with a purpose . moment afterwards , lorelei burst out . igor go back to sleep - lorelei igor , do not do this , do not go - igor I be sorry lorelei . lorelei you can stay here , with I , and forget all this - igor I can not forget . lorelei this be a man who have already attempt to murder you once and very nearly succeed , please - igor you have never even leave London , it be not - 96 . igor stop , turn , yell in anger for the first time . igor I must ! do not you see that ? I can not let Victor die , and I can not see this horror create in he name , it 's - this be my responsibility . I have to go , lorelei , I have to stop it . he stand there , breathe hard , more human than we have ever see he , and touch he back in pain . lorelei , see he as though for the first time , pause , think , and then .... lorelei igor ... you once tell I of a world you and Victor want to create . a world fill with hope instead of fear . it be a beautiful , beautiful dream . ( beat ) do not let they turn it into a nightmare . igor nod . ext . dock out on the dock on the English Channel , igor ticket information for he passport . he get board a tramp steamer , give the ticket to a he get halfway up the ramp before the sailor sailor oi ! we need a first and last name . be fill in up and go to sailor . shout at he . igor take the paper back , stare at it . igor ... 97 . he take the pencil , and fill in surname : frankenstein . slam to : igor stand out on the deck of the ship as it sail across the choppy Atlantic Ocean . we see : brief shot of igor travel . we know where we be go and why , and we do not know what we will find there . ext . erskine village - dusk a carriage for hire rattles up the road towards a little picturesque village set at the base of roll hill . halfway up one of the hill sit a very tall windmill , attach to a old farmhouse . and at the top of that same hill , surround by thick wood , be Castle erksine ... a ancient stone castle , gray against the dimming sky , surround by a dry moat . a storm be brewing on the horizon , lightning crackle inside black cloud . rain have start to trickle down . igor lean out , stare at the castle . we see : igor arrive at the town 's tavern . the coach rattles off , leave he alone . the street seem oddly empty . int . erskine tavern — almost continuous igor come in , shaking off the rain . he head quickly to the bar , where he greet a pleasant belgian bar maid . igor good evening . listen , I be just here on business . I be wonder if you would not mind give I some direction up to the castle - the door burst open , and a belgian councilman along with a town heavy . heavy - this be the will of god - you have see what they do up there , you have see the rob grave - Inspector , tell he - turpin ( !!! ) enter , soaking wet from the rain ; igor fling himself around behind the bar . he crouch there , panicked . 98 . turpin what you be deal with here be criminal , councilman , you must remember that : every second you allow they to continue they business up they you be effectively harbor they . this can not stand . igor look up at the bar-maid ; he give she a win smile , and the '' sssshhhh '' gesture . she giggle and nod . he start crawl towards a back -door . councilman but surely , not tonight - the storm , the rain - turpin you think that 's a bloody coincidence !? they be cause the goddamn storm - you say you see all the electrical equipment bring in , all the animal corpse too , it 's - they use technology , yeah ? the recent storm and flooding have be a product of they folly , they be to blame for the bad crop . heavy I have talk to the whole town about it , thirty strong man ready to go up there and get that irish bastard out of here - igor make it to the back -door . turpin do not be a coward , councilman . we must take thing into we own hand , do not you see that ? the rumor around you town ; grave - robbing , black magic , witchcraft , I be here from Scotland yard , confirm they . this man be in allegiance with Satan , and must be stop . they - igor slip out silently , but turpin still turn instantly . turpin ( cont 'd ) ... must be stop . slam to : igor , run frantically up hill , through the wood , breathe hard , totally freaking out . the rain have really start pour down , the wind get stronger , and the darkness of night settling in . 99 . igor 's fancy clothes be tear and dirtied , but he do not stop run until - suddenly - pain . the exertion be strain he back ; it 's heal , but still weak . he trip and fall , hold he back , onto a rocky ledge . down below he can see people come into town from the harvest riding a plow , hold pitchfork , lighting they way by torchlight . they be mobilize . lightn flash in the cloud . the rain pour down . ext . castle erskine - shortly thereafter igor , exhaust , he back aching , make it to the bridge over the dry out moat . he stumble and nearly fall , out of breath , filthy and soaking wet . he creep around the side of the castle , look for a way in . finally , he come to the base of huge , gnarly , overgrown tree . igor climb up and through the branch , finally at the top , he 's able to plan a jump across to the castle 's top wall walkway . one of finnegan 's guard walk past , and igor nearly fall out of the tree in he effort to conceal himself . the guard pass , and igor pull himself up and fling himself across . ext . castle erskine - courtyard - continuous igor sneak along the upper wall , finally come to a break in the wall where he can see down into the courtyard , where Victor 's laboratory be set up . it be incredible . giant-size version of all he laboratory machinery have be set up , abuzz with power , and a huge scaffold system have be set up around a raise platform next to one of the tower ; the scaffold go up fifty foot into the air , and atop it sit Victor 's hypothetical lightning magnet , the cloud hook . on the platform stand Victor and dettweiler ; Victor wear a completely awesome look buttone up labcoat , with huge , gnarly look goggle on he forehead . dettweiler wear a black version of much the same . between they be a massive gurney , but igor can not get a good look at what 's on it ... to igor , who see all this when it be just a pipe-dream , it 's breathtaking . there be several other scientist / technician in lab-wear work the machine , supervise by finnegan , who look excited . 100 . he stealthily move to the lower level , and quietly sneak through the lab , move towards Victor and dettweiler on the platform . and as the gurney tilt up , there it be : the prometheus be just over ten foot tall , stitched together for over two dozen different donor . its body be gargantuan and misshapen ; its head be oddly shape , the face wide and bizarre , a mess of feature stretch and jigsaw together to create a simulation of humanity . igor watch as Victor go under one of the big machine , into the inner-workings . -.-under the machine ... Victor , goggle down , be fiddling with dial and wire ; the machinery around he have begin to spark and glow with energy . it 's power up . igor Victor . Victor turn wto see igor , have snuck in from the other side , light by the flash of electricity give the cramped space a ethereal light . he do not seem to have any kind of reaction . victor how - igor you have to stop the experiment . dettweiler ( 0.s. ) almost do down there ? victor you come all this way - igor turpin 's in the town . victor what ? igor he 's in the town , he 's come here - victor but that 's absurd , he have no jurisdiction - igor I really do not think that matter to he anymore . victor -.- you be lie , you be just try to drag I down again , do my father send you - 101 . igor it 's a soldier , Victor . Victor stop dead . igor ( cont 'd ) he 's use you . victor «+ - no - igor you have create the prototype for a weapon , Victor , a live weapon - victor absurd - I will not - I do not believe it - igor have you know I to lie ? once ? ever ? the machine spark , and Victor flinch . igor ( cont 'd ) finnegan try to have I kill , Victor . I have come here to save you , as I believe he intend to kill you too when you have outlive you usefulness and give he what he want . we can still get out of this , Victor , but you must stop the experiment . finnegan ( 0.s. ) Victor , what on earth be you do down there - Victor stare at igor . finnegan peer down at they , then jerk back . finnegan ( cont ’d ) Guards ! Guards ! intruder ! igor dart out from under the machine and make mad dash across the laboratory , but he 's tackle and drag down by two of finnegan 's goons . igor no- Victor , help I ! Victor , come out from under the machine , seem a million mile away ; he expression be unreadable . finnegan break and enter , really ? High drama ! intrigue ! ( more ) 102 . finnegan ( cont 'd ) take he away , we will deal with he after the exp - igor do not do this , Victor , do not let it happen - one of the guard punch igor in the face , shutting he up . Victor flinch . dettweiler the machine be ready . Mr. frankenstein , if you please . Victor take one last look at igor , then step up onto the platform . finnegan hop on alongside he , and nod to a lab tech nearby , who throw a massive switch ; with a great creak , and rattling roar , the platform begin to rise up through the gantry , towards the swirl storm high above . finnegan do not let that parasite distract you , Victor . he 's just try to steal you moment . he have he chance to be a part of this , and he give it up . Victor 's silent , watch igor scream up to he , mute by the roar of the machine . dettweiler everything be run at one hundred percent efficiency . you design be flawless . prime the cloud hook now . dettweiler flip a switch , and above they , at the top of the elevator machinery , the '' cloud hook '' glow to life with a rumble ; they be easily thirty foot in the air now . Victor look over he prometheus , massive and menace . victor be it a soldier ? finnegan falter , look to dettweiler , who 's as expressionless as ever . down in the courtyard igor 's be drag inside by the two heavies . igor no , this be not - this be not - outside ... 103 . turpin and he mob of village have arrive , in a fervor . they be use the plow to ram the main gate , again and again . ...- inside the thug be momentarily distract by the sound at the front gate . igor wrench he body , snap the back - brace shut on one of he captor 's hand . the man scream in agony , and igor kick 's out the other man 's knee , effortlessly circus roll out of he grasp . he take off run , shove past the lab technician and jump over equipment before jump up onto the bottom of the scaffold , rapidly climb up towards the still ascend platform . up on the platform victor be it a soldier ? answer I . dettweiler yes . it be . finnegan dettweiler , really - victor my ...my central pursuit have be the preservation of life , and you have - you have deceive I into building a kill machine . the platform grind to a halt , now suspend fifty foot up , atop the gantry way , the cloud hook crackle with energy next to they . down below , the machinery 's grind cause igor to slip , nearly plummete off the scaffold . finnegan deceive you , really ? be that what I do ? do you ever even think to ask ? of course not , because for all you genius , all you invention , you be still a small mind , frankenstein . you deserve to be use , you require it , because you can only see the little picture , sight , but no vision ! ( straighten himself ) Victor , now be not the time nor the place for a philosophical debate . activate the cloud hook . Victor just stare at he . 104 . finnegan ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for , activate the - victor you try to kill igor . finnegan I - damn it - do it now , frankenstein - victor I have pervert everything I hope to achieve . I ’ma fool . finnegan activate the hook , you have get no choice - victor I beg to differ . Victor begin violently yanking electrode and wire out of the prometheus , ignore finnegan . finnegan what be - no , damn it , dettweiler , stop he ! dettweiler draw a pistol . Victor stop , stare at it . dettweiler I have want to tell you , Victor : you be a child . you know nothing of the world . now stop this foolish tantrum or I will take action to ensure that this experiment be a a success . Victor stare at he for a moment , chuckle , and go right back to yanking out the electrode . dettweiler raise the gun . dettweiler ( cont 'd ) pathetic . I tell you , I never work with a partner . Victor 's eye flit to the right of dettweiler and then back . victor funny . I do . dettweiler be grabbed from behind by igor , pulling himself up over the railing . dettweiler 's shot go wild , hit the cloud hook . it spark , insanely bright for a moment , and dettweiler shove igor backwards , nearly off the edge , raise he gun - 105 . the cloud-hook explode to life , dozen of lightning bolt striking at once , a deluge of pure ENERGY crashing in from all point of the cloud above in a blinding , deafening barrage of light heat and SOUND . the damage cloud hook come off its hinge , smash dettweiler off the platform ; he plummet down into a electrical console , bam ! Dead . the hook 's restraint snap , and it swing free , now spraying lightning into the lab , a indoor electrical STORM of incredible intensity , fry finnegan 's goons and scientist , overload the machine and cause they to burst into blue flame ! victor ( cont 'd ) unexpect - finnegan no! no! no ! what have you do , you idiot - the entire platform framework , blast by the lightning , destabilize , blow apart , cause the platform to drop herky - jerky down through the center of the structure , igor , Victor and finnegan struggle to hold on . the cloud hook , overcharge with energy , explode ! victor be sent flipping ten feet horizontally into the massive electrical coil —- they collapse apart in a shower of SPARKS and blazing electricity - igor Victor ! the platform flip as it completely come free of the elevator machinery , and igor go crash to the - slam to black . fade in : the air be choke with smoke . fire burn all around , contain but unbearably hot . igor lay face down on the ground , half conscious . the plow again crash into the gate ; it 's splintering now , start to crack . soon , they will be inside . finnegan ( 0.s. ) ( somewhere in the smoke ) igor ! be that you down there ? igor blink , confuse , and then there 's a gunshot ! finnegan 's try to freaking shoot he ! igor hurry away , move blindly through the smoke ; he can hear but not see finnegan . he trip for a moment over something ; it 's the gurney . 106 . it 's empty . igor can hear the breathe behind he . he turn , slowly . and there it be ... the prometheus tower over he , stare down at igor with a face that convey absolutely no emotion , a completely vacant , blank slate . there 's another crash ! at the front gate . the monster glance at the gate , then back at igor . igor all right ... easy ...easy ... another crash at the gate . the prometheus 's face remain entirely blank . igor ( cont 'd ) just - the prometheus grunt , and then swat igor into the AIR ; he bounce hard off some equipment , damaging it , and land on the ground bent double in pain ; he try to stand , but find he can not ... .-- the damn back - brace be break , trapping he into he old , hunchback position . he can barely move , much less stand . ext . castle erskine - continuous the villager be about to drive the plow into the door again when the prometheus crash through the castle gate from the inside ! it flip the plow onto the villager , and begin tearing its way through they , punch , swatting and smash its way across the bridge . turpin be knock down , and stare in horror at the monster . turpin a...a demon , a demon from Hell ... the prometheus continue brawling through the townspeople , but turpin stand , staggering inside : bigger fish to fry . int . castle erskine - courtyard laboratory - continuous turpin stumble in , still look over he shoulder , and then turn to see the lab . the smoke be thick in the courtyard , now ; you can barely see in some area . finnegan prowl through the smoke , gun draw , twitchy . igor , on nearly the other side of the courtyard , struggle with he back -brace , see finnegan search for he . he crawl , desperate . 107 . turpin move amongst the anarchy , in awe of all the burn , sparking , explode equipment . he see igor crawl , and move towards he like a bullet . igor Inspector turpin - please listen - you do not know , you do not know what 's happen here , you be not - turpin be not hearing it ; he grab igor , yanking he up ; igor can barely move . turpin 's get a look of insane exhilaration on he face ; this be it , the moment he 's wait for ! turpin I have get you . I have finally get you . igor please - you be in danger - finnegan , up on a bank of equipment , see movement through the smoke , raise he gun and fire . turpin blink , release igor . turpin I - I do not - he collapse forward , igor catch he as they fall to the ground . igor rip open turpin 's shirt , try to put pressure on the bloody gunshot wound in he chest . igor no - no no - turpin , in shock , cough up blood , look up at igor , watch as igor tear off he own sleeve , try to stop the bleed . turpin why be you - try to save I ? igor I be a doctor . it 's what I do . turpin , through the shock , be look around at all the technology ; he do not understand , he know that now . by god , he think he know , but he have no idea . turpin I - ... I have make a terrible mistake . as igor work frantically , turpin 's cloud eye drift up to the lightning storm raging in the cloud above he ; bright and celestial . it all hit he at once , sanity flooding back in . 108 . turpin ( cont 'd ) my daughter ... what have I do , who will take care of my daughter - I leave she with my sister , she can not support - she can not - my daughter , who will ... igor , horrify , watch as the light fade from turpin 's eye , and the body go limp in he arm . outside ... the prometheus 's rampage continue . inside ... finnegan who the bloody hell be that ? finnegan be climb down one of the fall tesla coil , gun in hand . igor look up , cover in turpin 's blood and he own , shaking . finnegan ( cont ’d ) ha. ahaha . look at this mess , look at this mess you have make . finnegan 's upper-class demeanor be crack as he approach igor , reloading he gun . the fall from the platform tore he clothes and muss he hair ; he look dangerous , sharklike . igor gently set down turpin , try to force himself to he foot , find some way to defend himself , but the back - brace make it impossible . outside ... outside , the monster begin to violently retreat down the hill , the remain mob give chase . inside ... finnegan finish reloading he gun , and seem to think ; look at all the destruction have '' flustered '' he . finnegan ( cont ’d ) why be this good ? be this what you want ? to stand in the way of the science ? who give you the right ? igor , tremble , stare at finnegan ; there 's a tremendous hate in he eye , and finnegan , feel it , step back , intimidate despite he position of total control . igor you be a monster . finnegan no . no I be not . I think you 'il find I be quite human . 109 . finnegan raise he gun . igor just stare at he evenly , unafraid . finnegan steady he aim . victor finnegan ! finnegan look up slowly , turn to see victor frankenstein , hunch in pain , he hair wild , cover in ash and more than a little burnt , but still very much alive . he hold two end of a huge severe electrical cord . finnegan Victor ! you be ... alive , fascinating - — victor you want I to create death . finnegan laugh , and then realize the cord Victor hold go down into the base of the massive collapse tesla coil directly to he leave . finnegan try to raise he gun - but Victor join the severe cord - a blast of electricity blows finnegan across the room . victor ( cont 'd ) there . I have create death . Victor toss down the cord in disgust . igor struggle a moment , fall . he lay there next to turpin 's corpse , listen to the sound of battle fade outside , collect himself , and then push as hard as he can - - and break free of the back -brace . he stare at it lay twisted on the floor and shove himself to he foot , wiping the blood off he face : he be messed up . he look around , and see Victor futilely try to put out the fire on the equipment . igor you save my life again . victor help I put out this damn fire - igor the fire ? but Victor - victor with finnegan dead we will never get this quality of equipment again ! electron coil , particle transducer — igor Victor - 110 . victor help I , damn it , it will - igor no victor . you be go to come with I , and you be go to help I kill the prometheus - victor kill it !? why on earth - it come out of igor with the force of a hurricane : igor damn it , enough ! enough ! I have see you do wondrous thing Victor , some terrible but wondrous thing . you be the great mind of you generation , but you blindness have already cost too much ! ( summon up courage ) I have see the way you father treat you ! this will never be good enough for he ! nothing you ever do will be good enough for he , you could resurrect all of England and he would scoff and call you a disappointment ! you can not bring you brother back ! at this , Victor stop try to put out the fire . he stare into the flame ; the lab continue to explode around they , but he 's motionless . igor ( cont 'd ) you be the one who give I the strength I need to become the man I want to be . now trust I , please . stop pretend not to care about anyone or anything , and Victor , damn it , grow up and help I stop this thing before it hurt anyone else . be a man and take responsibility for you creation ! electricity crackle . the fire burn . in the distance we can hear pandemonium ; yell and scream , people afraid . Victor turn to igor , very quickly wiping away tear . victor I do not suppose you have ... a very , very large shovel ? igor smile . 111. ext . the windmill Victor and igor , bruise , batter and bloody , approach the massive dutch windmill on the side of the hill ; the villager be gather around it . at first it appear they have the prometheus trap in the house portion , but then the prometheus tromp out and take a few people down , before go back in . approaching the crowd Victor and igor try to get through the crowd , and can not ; Victor draw and fire finnegan 's gun . the crowd part like the red sea , and igor and Victor move through , with the gun still raise . victor please remain calm . we be unlicense medical professional . int . the windmill - farmhouse Victor kick in the door ; igor come in through a massive hole in the wall next to the door . they exchange a look . the farmhouse be sparse , and the inside be completely destroy , break furniture everywhere . little girl ( dutch ) help I , please help I . Victor and igor turn to see a adorable blonde girl stand nearby , petrify in fear . igor it 's alright , we be here to - the monster smashes out of a room to there right , flooring igor . Victor open fire wildly as the creature cross the room ; he mostly miss , and the bullet that do hit have almost no effect . the creature grab the girl in one of its massive hand , roar at Victor and crash through a wall into the inside of the windmill . int . the windmill - continuous the interior of the windmill stretch out above they , the inside light by torch . there be a series of flimsy wooden platform build around the central windmill machinery , connect by diagonal ladder , lead up to the top . the monster stand at the bottom , above a big well full of water , dunking the terrify little girl . 112 . Victor hurriedly pick up one of the long , sharp steel post they use as bolt on the well , as igor strafe around the monster . victor hey . wanker . the monster take notice of Victor . victor ( cont 'd ) I be you creator . I be the one that bring you back to life , do you understand ? the monster stare at he , that blank face again ... then roar and fling one of the torch on the wall . Victor dodge , and the torch hit a table full of unlit lantern which explode into flame . victor ( cont 'd ) bloody hell - the prometheus charge , still hold the girl , and Victor be force into a frantic , pulse pound chase up the interior of the windmill , complicated in four way : number 1 : the monster 's weight be too much for the ladder and the platform , which crumple mere moment after it climb onto they . number 2 : the monster , still clutching the little girl , be swinging wildly at Victor , repeatedly smash the windmill 's machinery , thusly destabilize the entire structure . number 3 : the fire start at the base be rapidly spread up the old , papery structure , engulf everything , and start to fill the interior with thick black smoke . number 4 : igor be in hot pursuit , but he 's be force to run , jump and climb up the platform as they collapse . Victor , reach the uppermost platform , abruptly turn , ducking around the central windmill milling - engine . this outsmart and surprise the prometheus , and Victor drive the steel rod through its heart . the prometheus falter , teeter over what 's now a straight drop nearly sixty foot down . it look down at the rod stick out of its chest , and drop the little girl - Victor dive and catch she hand , swinging she to igor on the collapse platform below they . igor catch the girl and roll , put she out through the one window , onto the pass fan of the windmill . we see outside 113. the girl be safely carry down to the ground , and then the windmill 's fan crack and fall , burning , scatter the crowd - back on the top level ... the monster seem ready to topple into the abyss , when suddenly it yank the steel rod out of its chest and fling if at victor . it impale he through the shoulder and send he fly backwards , embed in the wall , pin Victor there like a bug . igor scream ; he best friend be mortally wounded . he pull himself up onto the last platform as the one beneath it collapse . the prometheus take a few huge swing at he , but igor duck and roll , clown - style , the final , top platform begin to fracture and come apart ; they 'il all be plunge into the fire - igor , think quickly , grab a handful of burn ember from the edge of the platform and fling they into the monster 's face ; blind it turn , and igor push up , off the wall , kick himself forward and - throws he weight on the monster 's back , causing it to fall forward onto the sharp steel rod , impaling it through its second heart . the prometheus give one last tremendous scream of rage , right into Victor 's face ... and die . its slumping dead weight further buckle the platform . victor ( cont 'd ) I do not mean it - igor what ? victor ( frantic ) that thing I say back in England , you have to know I do not mean any of it . I be just upset , I respect you - more than any other person , you must know - igor I be so sorry - igor go and try to wrench the pole out of the wall . it 's no good ; it 's in there deep . Victor scream in pain . victor ( cont 'd ) you have to get out of here , you have to go - igor I be not go to leave you here - 114 . igor begin push on the monster ; it sloooowly slide up the shiskabob , far too slowly with the windmill collapse at this rate . Victor grab igor with he good arm . victor igor this be what I have earn . I do this to myself . igor stare at he : maybe he 's right ? the windmill continue to collapse . victor ( cont 'd ) the well , igor . if you jump you can make it , I know you can - igor look down at the well , far below they . maybe he could . he ready himself , measure the distance . victor ( cont 'd ) ( gasp he word through agony ) listen , igor , listen to I . I do not kill straussman . I find he in the live room , I think he be asleep but then I see the needle ... and then the pragmatist in I just take over , as he always do , and he be not a man anymore just piece , just new equipment . I swear to you though I do not ki - igor I believe you . victor good , now I can - I can stay here - igor , you must go , it 's - igor oh , you have seal my fate . there 's no way I be go to leave you now . victor what ? why !? igor because you do not kill igor straussman . igor throw all he weight into one more push , and , miraculously , the prometheus drop , fall through the center level of the windmill , plummete down into the fire . igor glance down again at the well , now also surround by fire and jag rubble . igor ( cont 'd ) give I you hand . Victor nod , and take igor 's hand ; igor begin to agonizingly pull he up the steel rod - 115 . ext . the windmill - continuous the top level of the windmill drop in , collapse , and then , with a series of ember fill explosion , the rest of the windmill collapse down with it in a huge heap of wreckage . the villager step back , in shock . wide shot : the rubble of the windmill burn . fade to black . hold on black . Zzt. Zzzt. Electrical crackle . Little spot of light fill the screen and then zap smash to : turpin sit up , gasp in air , the lazarus fork on he neck sparking wildly ! ext . belgian cottage - sunrise the sun be rise over a mountain range . the little cottage have clearly be abandon for some time ; Castle erskine be in the distance , still leak smoke up into the brighten sky . from here we have a beautiful view of a rustic lake . turpin , he chest bandage , sit stare out over the water , at the sunset ; he 's clearly deep in think . igor slowly approach he . turpin speak without look at he . turpin my entire life I have strive in the pursuit of my belief . belief in God , in the law ... in a world with rule , rule to preserve what matter in a world fill with anarchy , greed , and evil . I suppose I need they , the rule . need they so much I let they control my choice , my decision , I ... turpin glance at igor . turpin ( cont 'd ) I do not know you , hunchback . do not know Victor . maybe I think I do ... ( beat ) in that last moment , I be not think about the law , or right and wrong , or even ... even god. ( more ) 116 . turpin ( cont ’d ) all I want , all that matter , be that I would see my daughter again . and you have give I that . ( beat ) I do not imagine that I have much credence leave at the yard , but ... should you return to England , I can see to it you will not be troubled any further . igor give it a beat , and then smile . the two of they sit stare out at the water . ext . belgian cottage - round back Victor , heavily bandage and clearly a bit weary from he wound and considerably rough night , be readying two horse , pack he remain equipment into the saddlebags . igor stand nearby . victor well , brilliant , good for he , but we be certainly not go back to England . igor ... we be not ? victor no , I be through with great Britain ; nothing leave for I there . I think perhaps you be quite right about my father , for now , and I have be expell from school , hunt by the law , and betrayed by a power- hungry nobleman , thoroughly electrocute and finally impale by a monster of my own idiotic creation and nearly burnt to death in a belgian windmill . ( laugh ) I think it 's time I start fresh , yes ? igor but Victor - victor America ! now there 's a place that be not afraid of progress ; I be confident we will be able to flourish and thrive out in the colony . you and I , back to work together with no interloper , I now have a much better understanding of the technology as well as the proper way to treat my fellow man- igor Victor , I ... 117 . victor yes ? igor fidget , nervous , unsure how to say what 's in he heart . Victor wait , look oblivious . igor I can not go with you . ( quickly ) I would , I - I can not . lorelei be wait for I back in London . I love she , Victor , and there be - opportunity for I - I can have a life of my own , Victor . a real life . Victor stare at he . igor drop he eye , terrify ; he know what 's come . victor well ... then . I suppose that 's perfectly reasonable . igor ... what ? victor ( haltingly ) you have make incredible sacrifice in the purpose of we cause , show shocking amount of tenacity , bravery and loyalty to I as a friend and collaborator , it would be wrong of I to ask you to give up the opportunity to be with the woman you love and - igor Victor ! igor rush to and embrace Victor , who grunt in pain and generally look uncomfortable . igor hold on anyway , cry , overcome with joy . igor ( cont 'd ) you be a good man , Victor frankenstein . I know you be a good man . at this , Victor allow himself a small , warm smile , unseen by igor . later ... turpin be readying a horse , whilst Victor be astride one , trot away down the road from igor . igor ( cont 'd ) Goodbye Victor ! 118. victor Goodbye to you too , my dearest friend . igor look sad , watch Victor get further away , and then Victor turn , touch he painful injure soldier , yell back to igor . victor ( cont 'd ) you know it be not over , igor . when the time come , you 's 1ll come back ; you be not fated to be some country doctor , you be a genius , and you will help to change the world . it 's you destiny . igor be about to reply , but then realize he can not formulate a response . Victor smile . victor ( cont 'd ) ha ! yah ! Victor kick he horse , and it speed up , off down the hill . igor watch he go . we move into a montage as time pass ... igor be emotionally reunite with lorelei . turpin be reunite with he daughter Rebecca , who tearfully embrace he . we also see turpin make he apology at Scotland yard ; alistair seem happy to have he back . in he office , he quietly tear up one of the '' wanted : hunchback '' poster . we watch igor 's life : we see he give check -up , he doctor job have come through . he watch as lorelei teach a ballet class to a group of young woman . igor and lorelei , out at the circus , watch the high flier and aerialist , have fun . igor watch the clown clean up the center ring ... int . baron bomine 's residence - kitchen igor be cooking with the chef , have a good time . he look great , happy , healthy . the butler enter . butler Delivery for you , master igor . igor look up , confuse , wash he hand . 119 . ext . baron bomine 's residence - continuous igor come out , signing for a parcel be deliver to he . as the messenger boy leave , igor inspect the parcel . it 's small , address simply to '' igor . '' there 's a beat , and igor tear open the brown paper . he stop dead . it 's a mint condition , first edition copy of thompson' anatomy . igor open it , gently , lovingly . in the front cover , the name dr . claus frankenstein have be write ... and cross out . a note in familiar handwrite beneath this read : '' i- monument Valley , Utah . I have do something incredible . - F . '' lorelei , at the front door , stand look out at he ; he 's stare down at the book . she know something 's up . alorelei igor ... what be it ? igor snap the book shut , turn to face she . he smile ; '' wellllll ..... " lorelei sigh , and then laugh , shaking she head ... smash to : monument valley - utah - racing through the desert the insanely surreal and beautiful butte of monument Valley tower over the prairie . atop one of the butte , a storm be raging ; cloud swirl unnaturally , crackle with purple lightning . lightning crash to credit . the end