victoria & abdul Lee hail base on the book victoria & abdul : the true story of the queen 's closest confidant by shrabani basu word appear on screen : agra , 1886 britain have formally rule india for twenty -eight year int . abdul 's room , india a darken room . someone be move in the darkness . then the shutter of the room be throw wide open and the blind light reveal : Abdul , twenty - four , smile into the sun — we hear sound of the muezzin 's call to prayer in the distance . ext . roof top , agra Abdul praying in the glorious sunshine . we see all of Agra below he , the Taj Mahal in the distance . ext . STREET , agra Abdul rush out of a squalid doorway into the bustle of the street . as he hurry through the jamme street he acknowledge people as he go , make he way past the lame and sick , through crowd , spice stall . suddenly he accidentally bump into a white colonial officer : officer idiot ! the officer have already turn away so Abdul hurry on through the dusty street . ext . agra gaol . the same donkey , a dog piss on the wall . Abdul hurry in . int . agra gaol Abdul bow to the guard enthusiastically . the lugubrious guard unlock several lock on the rusting iron gate . the door slam shut . Abdul hurry along the corridor . we see pitiful inmate , all at loom make carpet , watch by bored , unshaven guard . Abdul rush to he high desk and start on the sisyphean task of compile the prison ledger with huge concentration . Abdul look up to see the prison guard . guard Tyler want to see you . now . int . tyler 's office . the same a fade , mildew monochrome of a young Queen Victoria on the wall . Abdul be underneath look nervously at Tyler , the prison Governor . tyler ah , Mr Karim . I want to speak to you about the carpet we send to the exhibition . abdul there be problem , sir ? tyler no . no . the carpet go down very well . in fact the Governor General have receive a letter from the Royal Household thanking he personally . the whole thing 's be such a success he have decide to present the Queen with a mohar as part of the Jubilee . abdul a mohar , sir ? tyler a mohar . apparently it 's a sort of ceremonial coin , rather like a medal . I have be ask to find someone tall to present it . well , you be the tallest person here . abdul Mr Tyler ! when will she be arrive , sir ? 6 tyler not in Agra . in England . abdul England ?! tyler you will present the mohar at a official function . like a equerry . abdul on a horse ? tyler I do not think there will be a horse . abdul a equerry always have a horse , Mr Tyler , sir . tyler well , maybe not like a equerry exactly . they be actually after hindus but I think you have do . what do you say ? abdul be you sure there be not a horse ? int . queen 's bedroom . england another dark room . the curtain be throw , light stream into the room . we see Mrs tuck at the window . in the shadow be a large bed into which a enormous mound appear to be upholster . mrs tuck good morning , you majesty . we cut to : ext . entrance to dock Abdul be now with Tyler , a portly englishman , bigge , and what look like he short , squat indian manservant . tyler this be Mr bigge — extra Groom in wait to the Royal Household who will be in charge . this be Abdul . 7 bigge this be Mohammed . tyler he 's very short . bigge we have to swop he at the last minute . the tall guy have a accident with a elephant . Abdul beam at Mohammed , who be distinctly unhappy . abdul hi ! Mohammed look sourly and do not respond . int . queen 's bedchamber a group of strain footmen roll Queen Victoria over and then manhandle she out of bed . ext . on deck at sea . day Abdul and Mohammed stand in front of bigge , who have a chart on a tripod . bigge at the top there 's the private Secretary , then there be the lady in wait , the Upper servant , the lower Upper servant , the member of the Household , the head of the Household staff — split into three part : the head of the bedchamber , the personal head of staff , the butler in Chief , who be in charge of the Household butler , the kitchen factotum , head of kitchen , the head of wait staff , the ordinary wait staff ( Windsor ) , the table maid , then you . any question ? abdul who will have the mohar , sir ? bigge I be not exactly sure , as yet . I suspect you will both carry it . on a cushion . abdul we both have a cushion ? bigge no , there will only be one cushion . between you . abdul can we have a cushion now , sir ? bigge you will have to mime the cushion . abdul I do not understand , sir . bigge pretend . you will have to pretend the cushion be there . like this . the key to good service be stand still and move backward . the most important thing be you must not look at she . abdul but how will we present the mohar , sir ?! bigge you put out the cushion and avert you gaze , appropriately . her majesty will take the mohar and you will egress retrospectively in a stately manner . mohammed what a arsehole . int . outside the queen 's bedchamber a line of dresser , lady - in - wait , footmen , equerry etc . all parade into the Queen 's bedchamber . int . cabin . at sea Abdul and Mohammed in they tiny cell . Mohammed have a pile of bun . he pass one to Abdul . mohammed have you any idea how cold it be ? we be gonna bloody die there . abdul why on earth do you agree to come ? mohammed have no choice . the tall guy fall off a elephant and I get draft in at the last moment . five thousand mile to present a bloody medal . abdul but it 's a very great honour . mohammed honour ?! my father fight in the mutiny . have you taste English food ? they eat pig 's blood . abdul they do not eat pig 's blood ! mohammed I be tell you they have pig 's blood in sausage . and the brain of sheep . the place be barbaric . abdul not to worry . Abdul show Mohammed a little tin contain a load of spice . a present from my mother . mohammed my advice : eat as much as you can before we hit land . he pass Abdul another bun . let 's give she the medal and get the hell back home . tilbury dock . day the huge exodus . Abdul , Mohammed come down the gangplank with Arthur bigge . 10 bigge civilisation ! the posh English people buffet Abdul and Mohammed in the mad rush to the quayside . finally , they look at the hawker , scrawny porter , the distinctly uncivilise detritus of victorian London . a beggar hold out he hand to Abdul . beggar give uz a farthing . int . queen 's bedchamber . the same the Queen be sit on a stool with she back to we .. a gaggle of dresser stand with the Queen 's garment . mrs tuck arm . the Queen put she arm up . int . gentleman tailor 's , london . day Wood-panelled room . Men in suit . Abdul and Mohammed be dress in strange indian costume . tailor arm . Abdul put he arm up as the tailor fix a sash around he . bigge splendid . tailor we copy they from some drawing in the british Museum . abdul a sash be not traditional , sir . tailor ( to bigge ) the indian drawing do not seem very indian — so we make some innovation . we need it to look authentic . ii bigge it look jolly good to I . int . the queen 's bedchamber a cloud of powder as Mrs tuck apply a vast powder brush to the Queen . fust as she be about to emerge from the cloud we cut to ponsonby , keeper of the privy purse and private Secretary to the sovereign , read the day 's itinerary . ponsonby nine o'clock : breakfast in London . Quarter to ten : trooping of the colour . eleven o'clock : elevense with the Crown Prince Alexander of Norway , the norwegian ambassador , the Chief under - Secretary of State for the Southern norwegian province and the junior under - Secretary ... ext . courtyard , windsor castle . day a carriage rush into the courtyard . Abdul , Mohammed and Arthur bigge alight . Abdul and Mohammed look in amazement at they surroundings . over which we hear ponsonby continue he speech : ponsonby ( voice - over ) midday : luncheon at Buckingham Palace . two o'clock : ceremonial drive down the mall ... int . the same , queen 's bedchamber Mrs tuck place the Queen 's bonnet on . we still have not see she face . ponsonby ( voice - over ) ' two thirty : tea party for thirty thousand child at hyde Park ... 12 int . the same , corridor , windsor castle bigge , Mohammed and Abdul with they suitcase walk down a corridor in full ceremonial garb . ponsonby ( voice - over ) four thirty : royal train to Windsor . six thirty : full supper . include the ceremonial presentation of a mohar . int . state room , windsor castle . day Abdul , Mohammed and bigge arrive in a vast hall . tables be laid for a enormous dinner . a crowd of secretary , official , wait staff and other servant be be instruct by alick yorke , the portly director of ceremony . he stop mid-sentence . everybody look at Abdul and Mohammed in amazement . bigge the hindoos , sir . alick yorke but they be completely different size . bigge there be a incident with a elephant . alick yorke but what on earth be they wear ? bigge it 's ceremonial , sir . alick yorke on arrival her majesty will process to the main door . fanfare . ceremonial entrance . the Royal entourage will sit : her majesty ; the viceroy of India ; the Prince of Wale ; princess beatrice ; Sir Henry ponsonby , private Secretary ; Lord salisbury , the Prime Minister ; princess Louise ; the Emperor of Russia ; Lady churchill ; Lady mallet ; etcetera , etcetera . Grace . Soup : consommé 4 la portugaise with purée de madeleine . Fish course : morue a huitre . fanfare . entrée : quenelle with Regency sauce , ballotine de canard 13 with a cumberland gravy , braise beef a la hussarde , leg of lamb , the pheasant and that potato ribbon thing . dessert : pain d'épinard , profiterole au chocolat and tartelettes a la suisse . the dessert be clear . speech . a fanfare . you — he grab Abdul . alick yorke — will come from the north - west entrance . process together . you — he grab Mohammed . alick yorke — will come to here , and you will stand here — no , a little bit . . . that 's it . present the tray thus — the viceroy will indicate to her majesty ... abdul tray ? everything stop . abdul I think it be a cushion . alick yorke who say anything about a cushion ? you will present the tray ... mohammed what will I do ? alick yorke you will stand perfectly still and move backward when require . her majesty take the mohar . what be a mohar ? a assistant it 's a coin , sir . issue by the moghul Empire . alick yorke why be we present it here ?! whatever you do you must not look at her majesty . you will bow again . then move backwards you will turn to you leave — you will lead — thus — and you will process down the hall to be meet by Mr bate 14 who will walk you back to the north wall where you will stand till the end of the meal . would you like I to run through that again ? a page rush in . page Mr yorke . she 's leave paddington ! alick yorke everybody out . ext . countryside . day the Queen 's train . Children wave flag as it pass . int . antechamber . the same hundred of guest be milling . int . kitchen , windsor castle chef where be the bloody quenelle ? you two . out of it ! Abdul and Mohammed be evict from the kitchen by the chef . then @ voice : voice she 's at the station ! chef Jesus Christ ! she 's at the station ! Abdul and Mohammed be grab by alick yorke . alick yorke for God 's sake just wait where you be tell . open the door ! int . long corridor . day a little pageboy run in shouting : 15 little pageboy open the door ! open the door ! open the door ! int . the hall usher let the wait guest into the main hall , all agog with anticipation . int . side corridor . the same Abdul and Mohammed stand with a huge line of waiter all ready to start the service . ext . gate , windsor castle carriage sweep past . int . the same , corridor a pageboy run at full pelt . pageboy she 's come ! she 's come ! int . the same , hall the guest be by they chair . a fanfare . int . the same , side corridor Abdul and Mohammad peer out behind alick yorke , who look at he pocket watch and shout : alick yorke the soup ! 16 int . the same , corridor the pageboy run . pageboy Soup ! Soup ! int . kitchen chef Soup ! int . the hall a fanfare . the main door fly open . the fanfare reach its climax . enter the Queen . we see she properly for the very first time . she be a tiny , almost spherical figure , old , frail , glum and dreadfully tired . ponsonby lead she to she seat . the entourage follow : the Prince of Wale , laugh coarsely with Lady churchill , Dr reid , various dignitary . all completely casual . everyone else in the hall be frigidly agog , craning to see the little old lady at the centre . she sit , then utter a audible sigh of relief . her bowl of soup be place in front of she . she attack it greedily make a disgusting slurping noise as she eat . everybody start to eat . int . corridor . the same Abdul and Mohammed try to have a gander but be push out of the way by alick yorke . int . hall . the same the Queen have soup all around she mouth and be scraping the bowl to get the last bit . then she be finish in record time . she plonk she spoon on the bowl and clean she chin with the napkin . Quick as a flash a waiter remove the bowl . further down the table , as guest be amiably enjoy the conversation around they , suddenly waiter snatch the bowl — still full of soup . Dr reid address a startle diner : 17 dr reid I be afraid you have to be quick . they take it off you as soon as she 's do . int . the same , corridor score and score of waiter rush past Abdul and Mohammed carry soup bowl . alick yorke one down . six to go . bigge appear with the mohar on a tray . bigge ihave the mohar . alick yorke be that it ?! head waiter Sir , the fish course . alick yorke ( shouting instruction ) the fish course ! int . hall the babble of excited chatter . everyone around the Queen be animated . the Queen ignore it all and be shovel quenelle into she mouth , cut to she polish off the boeuf braisé , then tear apart a pheasant . we see Lady churchill laugh . Lady phipp , a skinny , terrify - look Lady in wait be eat salad primly . back to the Queen : she plate be clean and she be nodd off . ponsonby profiterole , you majesty . a profiterole be present and the Queen immediately come to life . 18 int . the same , corridor Abdul wait anxiously as stream of waiter bring back the plate from dessert . alick yorke the profiterole have go . gentlemen . . . alick yorke make a final adjustment to the mohar . alick yorke now . process . turn. bow. present . and absolutely no sodd eye contact what - so-ever ! Abdul take a huge breath , look nervously at Mohammed . a trumpet sound and they walk up the hall . everybody turn to see the two Indians process with the mohar . the Queen be now talk to the viceroy and be take no notice at all of the ceremony . Abdul and Mohammed can see she from the corner of they eye . they reach the head of the table and stop . they turn . bow . the Queen be still talk and pay they no attention . ponsonby explain : ponsonby a gift from the colony of India . a mohar , you majesty . the Queen turn and look at the mohar , incredulous . ponsonby a coin from the mughal Empire . in honour of you service to the sub-continent . Abdul present the tray bow he head low . the Queen take the coin , utterly bemuse . another servant put a cushion on the table for it to rest on . Abdul do not quite know what to do . ponsonby angrily indicate for they to leave . Abdul take the hint . they back away as train . queen victoria be we do ? ponsonby we still have coffee , you majesty . Queen Victoria raise she eye to heaven . then suddenly look across at Abdul . he stop , freeze . he smile at she . she look at he . the title appear on screen : 19 victoria and abdul we hear Mr bigge sharply chide Abdul . bigge eye ! his smile fall and he drop he head . int . darkened room . the following day , morning as before : a dark room , a curtain be draw by Mrs tuck . the room fill with sunlight and we see we be in the Queen 's bedchamber . mrs tuck good morning , you majesty . again we see the Queen seemingly upholster into she bed . the group of servant approach to extract she . int . dressing room . the same regal music . the Queen immobile in the centre of the room , as before . mrs tuck arm . the Queen lift she arm . this time we witness the whole unedify affair . the dresser arrive with a dress and have some trouble get it over she head . finally she head be prise out of the garment . the Queen make no expression . a gaggle of lady in wait and maidservant hand jewel , brooches and various piece of the Queen 's garb to Mrs tuck who expertly put this on . over all of this we hear ponsonby outline the day activity .. ponsonby ( voice - over ) Breakfast with the Royal prince of Belgium . a audience with the sultan of Dubai where you will be present with the diamond of ooojay . the garden party where you will receive the right honourable marharani of cooch behar , huran Singh , the maharajah of karpurthala . . . 20 int . the same , the queen 's breakfast room the Queen be eat a goose egg with a silver spoon . Dr reid and a phalanx of silent flunkey be in attendance . ponsonby be finish he itinerary for the day : ponsonby ... and the Crown princess lili’uokalani . queen victoria who on earth be she ? ponsonby monarch and only Queen regnant of the Kingdom of Hawaii , you majesty . she have compose a song for you on the ukelele — but we have manage to put she off . then the afternoon audience with Prime Minister salisbury . dr reid and you movement , you highness ? queen victoria none to speak of . dr reid not even during the day ? queen victoria ' we last move on Sunday evening . dr reid I fear the celebratory dinner be take they toll . May I suggest some benger 's mixture , you majesty ? queen victoria I refuse to eat benger 's . it 's baby food . dr reid but it be imperative , you majesty , that the royal colon receive a little roughage . queen victoria be there anything else ? ponsonby ' be you highness pleased with the mohar ? 21 queen victoria the what ? ponsonby the mohar . the ceremonial coin present yesterday by the indian servant . queen victoria I think the tall one be terribly handsome . int . the same , corridor Arthur bigge run at a surprising lick . int . spiral staircase , arse end of windsor castle bigge run up to a door at the top . he throw it open . we see two small empty bed be crush together . ext . courtyard . the same Abdul and Mohammed with they tiny suitcase be about to board a carriage . Arthur bigge come run breathlessly into the courtyard . bigge stop ! he be almost double up with exhaustion . he catch he breath . slight change of plan . Mohammed be horrify . ext . garden party . afternoon Abdul and Mohammed in costume . bigge be in a food tent , guest mill around outside . they be near a table laden with pudding as they receive instruction . bigge you must not talk to any guest . nod or bow but please do not interact with anybody other than the serve staff . I will 22 come to you when the Queen be seat and you will present the pudding , as request . Abdul look at the jelly on the table . abdul Excuse I , but what be it ? bigge that be a jelly . a pudding make from the liquor of fruit . Abdul and Mohammed survey it with great curiosity . abdul how do they get it so stiff ? bigge gelatin : a by-product of cow bone . they look at the wobble mass in horror . mohammed barbarian ! int . queen 's marquee . windsor castle . day the Queen be sit at a table with Lord salisbury . lord salisbury there 's another famine in India , more trouble in Ireland , I be afraid . Suez be a perennial nightmare and I be afraid the boer be at it again . queen victoria be there any good news , Prime Minister ? lord salisbury we have decide to annex Zululand , you majesty . queen victoria whatever for ? lord salisbury to prevent the transvaal have access to the sea . 23 queen victoria be that absolutely necessary ? lord salisbury we really have to box in the boer if we possibly can , you majesty . queen victoria Prime Minister , you really be terribly depress . food start to arrive . ah , luncheon ! ext . the same , table at the garden party a wobble jelly . we pull up to see Abdul carefully carry it , follow by Mohammed who have he own . Queen Victoria be at the table , look dour and fearsome . Abdul start to panic as the jelly start wobble perilously on the plate . the more he near the Queen the more errant the giant jelly become . with a great deal of sweat and consternation Abdul navigate the jelly to her majesty . abdul jelly , you majesty . Abdul put the jelly in front of the Queen , she eye light up . Abdul bow ostentatiously , then drop to he knee . the entire table of guest crane round to see what he be do . bigge and ponsonby look on in horror . the Queen look down curiously . the whole Royal Household seem to hold they breath . Abdul suddenly lunge down — everyone gasp . kneel down , he kiss she foot , rise , bow again and retreat backwards . everyone be astonished . the Queen be startle then she face break into a smile . queen victoria I feel a great deal better . she pick up she golden spoon and look at the jelly . ext . the same , behind the food tent a extremely red-face bigge have Abdul by the collar . 24 bigge what the hell be you think ?! abdul you say present the jelly . bigge I do not say kiss the foot of the Empress of India . abdul I think it would cheer she up . ponsonby what on earth 's go on here ?! her majesty have request Mr Karim and Mr baksh to be she personal footmen for the rest of the Jubilee . int . staircase . windsor castle . day Abdul and Mohammed follow bigge up a staircase : mohammed you stupid bloody idiot . all you have to do be give she jelly . int . outside the queen 's writing room . day they have reach ponsonby . ponsonby gentlemen . ( jo Abdul . ) she want you to stand by the write desk . ( Zo bigge . ) he can stand by the door . int . writing room . the same Abdul stand to attention . the Queen be lead in with ceremony . she sit down . her pen be present by a flunkey . the flunkey bow and go off to stand by the door . Abdul be stand to attention right by she side , try not to show he unease . queen victoria do not worry . I be not go to eat you . 25 the Queen take a piece of head notepaper and start write . to Doctor reid .. . a very successful movement . . . this morning at eight a.m ... . int . corridor , outside the writing room bigge , various lady in wait and the two flunkey . they be try to look through the keyhole . bigge what 's he do ? int . writing room . the same the Queen be deeply absorb in she letter write . she sign the letter with a flourish . then suddenly she be surprised by Abdul who appear at she shoulder with a blotter . he blot she write and smile at she . queen victoria thank you , Mr ... abdul Abdul . Abdul Karim . I be always write . in India . be write all the day , every day . queen victoria really . so in India you be not a servant . abdul no . in India I be write in my very big book . queen victoria you be write a book ! abdul oh yes . I be write every name , who they be , what they will be . this be my life . every day I be write . from the morning to the night . queen victoria and this be fiction ? 26 abdul no , this be true . everything I write be the very truth . queen victoria I do not understand , if you be a author why you be here , present the . . . thing , the ... abdul the mohar . it be my humble privilege to serve her majesty . I be the one who choose you carpet . queen victoria the carpet ? abdul for the exhibition . the viceroy ask Mr Tyler but actually it be I . you have to have very good eye for the carpet . this be a very nice one . for example . they look at the carpet beneath they . abdul very tight knot . this be the sign of a very nice carpet . the art of carpet come to India with the great Emperor akbar . the skill of a great carpet be to bring all the different thread together and we weave something we can stand on . queen victoria you seem to know a awful lot about it . abdul my family be carpet maker . but now I write in the book . life be like the carpet . we weave in and out to make a pattern . queen victoria how very true . that be a very beautiful image . abdul it be a very beautiful carpet . look at this — here be a bird of freedom catch forever in the design . queen victoria so in India you be a poet ? 27 abdul no . I just make a ledger of the prisoner . queen victoria indeed we be all prisoner . abdul indeed we be , you majesty . int . the same , anteroom Lady phipp be listen at the door . lady phipp apparently he 's a poet ! bigge a poet ?! suddenly the door burst open , out come the Queen follow by Abdul . Mohammed hiss in Hindi : mohammed what the hell be you play at ? int . abdul and mohammed 's cell . night a tiny room with two bed squash together . Mohammed be shiver . abdul I be just try to be friendly . Abdul be breathe out , fascinate by he breath freezing . mohammed stop be friendly . abdul she 's a very nice person . mohammed she be the tyrannical oppressor of we entire country . and if we do not get out of here we will die of bloody cold . 28 Mohammed wrap himself in he blanket and turn away . Abdul carry on blow out freeze exhalation . mohammed will you stop do that ! ext . garden . windsor castle . day ponsonby with Dr reid and Lady churchill be hide behind some tree so they can spy on the Queen and Abdul . ponsonby look through binocular . ponsonby you realise this be the third day in a row . ext . canopied writing station . windsor castle . day the Queen finish write . Abdul blot she copy . she close the book . he go back to ' stand sentry 's . then the Queen turn she attention directly to he . queen victoria so Mr Abdul . May I ask you which part of India be you from ? abdul I be from Agra . the Taj Mahal . you have be to the Taj Mahal ? queen victoria no . abdul oh , it be the most marvellous building in the entire world . the Crown of palace . it be build by shah jahan , the grandson of the great akbar , to remember he dead wife , mumtaz Mahal , who die in childhood with they fourteenth child . queen victoria goodness . 29 abdul he be so upset with grief . he bring the great architect from persia and Afghanistan to build the Taj Mahal . queen victoria it certainly sound like a handsome building . I would very much like to see it . abdul oh , it be beautiful , you majesty . all white marble . and mumtaz laid inside . all of that beauty for the dead Queen . queen victoria how romantic . abdul oh yes . and he write a poem : ' the sight of this building bring I sad sigh ; ' the sun and the moon have tear in they eye . 's but it make everyone so happy . Agra be very beautiful . shah jahan build the Red Fort , the garden of shalimar , and the peacock throne . queen victoria the peacock throne ? abdul oh , it be the most beautiful throne in all the world . a throne of gold with peacock on it . and in the throne be the koh-i-noor . he would look at the Taj Mahal through the diamond . queen victoria but I have the koh-i-noor . I have it as a brooch . abdul do you ?! queen victoria it be give to I by the East India company . it be not very shiny so Albert have it recut . so what happen to the peacock throne ? 30 abdul I do not know , they smashed it up . queen victoria how awful . abdul oh , they be always smash thing up . all the british soldier have take the jewel from the Taj Mahal . queen victoria british soldier ?! abdul oh yes , after the mutiny . queen victoria but this be terrible . abdul at least you have the diamond . ext . garden . windsor castle . day Dr reid look through the binocular . dr reid what can they be talk about ? a indian and a servant to boot . Lady churchill grab the binocular . ponsonby what on earth do she see in he ? we see Abdul from Lady churchill 's point of view . lady churchill well , he be rather handsome . ext . the same , avenue of tree Queen Victoria continue talk to Abdul as they walk . 31 queen victoria but what happen to shah jahan ? abdul he be overthrown by he son and die in Agra Fort . queen victoria the wickedness of child . abdul they bury he in the Taj Mahal next to he wife . they put a inscription : ' here lie shah jahan who leave this world to the banquet Hall of eternity 's queen victoria the banquet Hall of eternity . abdul oh yes , it be a banquet when we leave here . queen victoria I rather like that idea . you seem very well inform , Mr Abdul . abdul oh , this be famous storey in uttar pradesh . you should go there . queen victoria oh , I can never go there . I be forbidden . abdul forbidden ? queen victoria they fear I would be assassinate . abdul but you be the Empress of India . queen victoria exactly . ( proudly . ) you know I have be shot at four time . and someone come for I with a knife ! 32 abdul goodness . so you have never see a India street , or a stall of spice . queen victoria no . abdul oh , the spice . cardamom , turmeric , cumin , coriander . garam masala . queen victoria what be garam masala ? abdul it 's what you put into the sauce . you have never taste indian food ? a dahl ? a rogan josh ? oh they be the great dish in the world ! biryani with mango chutney ? queen victoria mango chutney ? abdul oh yes , a chutney make of mango . queen victoria a mango ? abdul oh , the mango be the Queen of fruit . queen victoria what do it taste like ? abdul a mango be the most delicious fruit in all the world . like a orange and a peach . int . corridor . the same ponsonby and the lady in wait be accompany Queen Victoria down the corridor . Abdul and Mohammed in tow . 33 queen victoria ponsonby . I would like a mango . ponsonby a mango ? queen victoria yes , I would like to taste a mango . ponsonby it 's impossible . they only grow in India , you majesty . queen victoria iam the Empress of India , so have one send . I hope you will like Scotland , Abdul . ext . top of the moor . scotland . day Scottish mist . the vast landscape of Scotland . a train of flunky come into shot carry table , chair , carpet . ponsonby , Lady churchill , miss phipp and reid struggle up with they . Queen Victoria come into view close to the camera . she point a finger . queen victoria here ! ext . wild promontory . day Queen Victoria be sit at she ' tea 's table , formally set up and replete with every unnecessary accoutrement . it overlook spectacular scenery , but Queen Victoria behave as if she be in she back garden . Abdul and Mohammed stand to attention in the background . Mohammed sneeze . butler and maid serve the tea . Queen Victoria be very well wrap up . she gorge herself on a sponge cake . everyone else be cold and miserable . ponsonby whisper to Dr reid : ponsonby it 's alright for she . she 's upholster . the hand of the serve man shake as he pour the tea . queen victoria how do you like you new Scottish costume ? 34 abdul they be very scratchy , you majesty . queen victoria everything in Scotland be scratchy . ( jo ponsonby . ) when do bertie come ? ponsonby tomorrow , you majesty . he be on he way from monte Carlo . the Queen take a slurp of the tea then put the cup on the table . suddenly there 's a splish in the teacup . then a pitter - pat as rain hit the table cloth . ext . vicinity of the wild promontory . scotland . day torrential rain . Queen Victoria be be lead along by a river by a ghillie with a umbrella . behind she , Abdul and Mohammed , ponsonby and reid be all get soak . dr reid thate Scotland . int . the same , balmoral a piper play very close to Dr reid and ponsonby who both blow they nose and wince at the infernal racket . it seem everyone now have a cold . the Household be sit round in misery . the Queen be seat at the centre and be tapping she foot delicately as one of the ghilly be do a dance in front of she . there be force merriment from the staff . Mohammed and Abdul be stand at the side , watch the proceedings . ghillie ( in incomprehensible Scots ) ye must be the hindoos . very nice to meet ye . incomprehension from Abdul and Mohammed . ghillie ye must be the hindoos . ye. must. be. the. hin. doos . 35 the piping stop . queen victoria more ! more ! ghillie I wish she have bloody well go to bed . the ghillie wearily knock back a dram from he hip flask . the piping start again . Lady phipp yawn . the unfortunate dance ghillie wearily raise he arm for another reel . int . staff corridor . night Abdul and Mohammed walk to bed . ahead of they be a butler , with a tray , career from wall to wall . they pass a open door and inside see the kitchen staff with bottle of whisky open and someone play the fiddle . suddenly the music stop . they all look at Abdul and Mohammed look in at they . the door close . Abdul and Mohammed look at the close door . the strathspey start up again . int . queen 's study . day the Queen be sit at she desk , Abdul by she side . a servant come in and put down the box . ponsonby blow he nose and take she through it . ponsonby you box . queen victoria thank you . ponsonby and the blank journal you request . ponsonby put on he glass and take a pen out of he pocket ready to get down to work . queen victoria ' you may go . ponsonby wait . he be confuse . 36 queen victoria iam perfectly capable of work through the box . Abdul be very helpful with he blotter . ponsonby but this be parliamentary papers , you majesty . queen victoria iam aware of that . ponsonby but Abdul be a servant . he can not assist with the box . queen victoria iam the Queen of England . I will have whatever help with my box that I require . ponsonby be completely banjax by the turn of event . int . the same , outside the queen 's room ponsonby emerge wiping he brow . Mohammed be stand outside the room , as be Lady churchill . they look to ponsonby to discover the royal news . ponsonby he 's help she with the box . int . the same , queen 's study now the Queen and Abdul be alone she turn to he . queen victoria I want you to teach I indian . abdul indian ? queen victoria hindu . whatever it be you speak . abdul be you sure ? 37 queen victoria of course I be sure . abdul but why would you want to speak Hindi ? queen victoria iam Empress of India . look . I have order a book . I want you to give I private lesson . abdul I can not teach you Hindi . queen victoria why ever not ? abdul you be the Empress of India . you must learn urdu . the language of the mughal . oh there be a thousand language in India but urdu be the most noble . the difference be when you write it down . in urdu you write like this . he demonstrate it . this be Persian script . just like Arabic . and for Hindi you write like this — in devanagari : he demonstrate . the Persian script be most superior . queen victoria isee . abdul iam the Queen . mairn raini hoom . queen victoria er donny hoo . abdul mairn raini hoom . queen victoria hey donnneee whoo . 38 abdul whoom — queen victoria hoowm . int . corridor . the same the gaggle of lady in wait and member of the Household have get bigger and they be listen outside , full of consternation . lady phipp he 's teach she Hindi ! mohammed urdu , actually : the Muslim version . they be aghast . int . queen 's study abdul mairn raini hoom . queen victoria mer ranee whoo . abdul that 's it ! that 's it ! you be the Queen . he write it down . you see . now you ... int . corridor now Dr reid have join the group . he be look through the keyhole . reid she 's write in the journal . and she 's speak in hindustani . ponsonby urdu , actually . the Muslim version . Mohammed raise a eyebrow . 39 int . queen 's study the Queen be laugh as she try to repeat Abdul 's phrase . queen victoria apanni trishnup kili ap abdu Tel new ad . abdul nearly . again . queen victoria apanni trishnup kili ap abdu Tel new ad . abdul apni . ni. Abdul slap he knee . queen victoria knee . knee . abdul apani utkrsta sabaka kelie apa abdula dhan yavada . thank you , Abdul , for you excellent lesson . queen victoria apani utkrsta sabaka kelie apa abdula dhan yavada ! abdul that 's it . you do it . now write it down . int . corridor , outside the writing room a new fat arse be on show as its owner bend in to look through the keyhole . the door fly open . the arse stand up straight . queen victoria bertie ! bertie mother ! queen victoria be you spying on I ? 40 bertie be you learn urdu ?! queen victoria yes , I be , as a matter of fact . bertie do you think that 's entirely appropriate ? queen victoria iam the Empress of India . what could be more appropriate than learn urdu ? bertie but in front of the entire Household — queen victoria you be absolutely right . I can not have all of this distraction . ponsonby , I wish to go to glassalt shiel . bertie glassalt shiel ?! everybody be surprised . she look at bertie . queen victoria alone . bertie but I have only just get here . ext . lochside , day drone shot of stun scenery of the lochside . a tiny boat in the loch move towards a white cottage set against the lowering mountain beyond . ext . the little house , glassalt shiel . day Queen and Abdul on the promontory . queen victoria oh , to be by oneself and live a simple rudimentary existence . 4I she turn to Abdul . queen victoria they do not understand anything , that stupid aristocratic fool . toadying around . jockey for position . I have have this my whole life . they could not bear I bring dear John Brown here . yet I have be happier here than anywhere in the entire world . oh , I miss he , Abdul . and Albert . it 's be thirty year and I think about he every day . I be so lonely , Abdul . everyone I really love have die . and I just go on and on and on . she weep . abdul oh , you majesty . Abdul kneel and wipe she eye . queen victoria it 's a impossible position . no one really know what it be like to be Queen . I be hate by million of people — all over the world . I have have nine child , all vain and jealous , and completely at loggerhead with each other . bertie be a complete embarrassment . I have thirty - four grandchild , my offspring will rule most of Europe — but look at I : a fat , lame , impotent , silly old woman . what be the point , Abdul ? abdul the point , you majesty ? queen victoria of life ? abdul service . queen victoria service ?! abdul I think we be not here to worry about ourselves . we be here to serve a great purpose . 42 Queen Victoria think about this . abdul in the Koran it say : we be here for the good of other . queen victoria the Koran ? Abdul be try to cheer up her majesty with he enthusiasm . abdul oh yes , I be a hafiz . I know the Koran by heart . queen victoria by heart . be not it very long ? abdul there be 114 surah contain 6,236 verse . queen victoria and you know every word ? abdul many Muslim people know the Koran . queen victoria I think you be a hindu . abdul iam a Muslim , you majesty . I learn the Koran from my father . and he teach I all the great poet : kabir , rumi . he be my munshi . queen victoria munshi ? abdul yes , munshi . my teacher . queen victoria then we would like you to be the Queen 's munshi . abdul but I be a servant . a servant cannot be a munshi ? 43 queen victoria well , you be a servant no longer . you be my teacher . you shall teach I urdu and the Koran and anything else you think of . int . hall . balmoral . night a dozen local guest be wait for the dinner . Mohammed be stand with a tray of sherry . across the room ponsonby , bertie , miss phipp , Lady churchill and Dr reid be gather in a huddle . bertie what the hell be a munshi ? ponsonby apparently it 's some sort of ' spiritual teacher 's , you Royal highness . bertie have she completely lose she mind ?! she 's the head of the Church of England , for God 's sake ! what 's the archbishop of canterbury go to say ? dr reid it 's utter lunacy . lady churchill I say he 's ' brown 's John Brown . dr reid and what 's more she 's give he my room ! miss phipp but where have they put you , Dr reid ? dr reid ( with a hateful look to ponsonby ) in the tower ! bertie suddenly see the Queen arrive with Abdul in tow in he magnificent munshi garb . bertie oh my God . 44 bertie look horrify as the Queen approach he . queen victoria good evening , bertie . bertie mother ?! aside Mohammed whisper to Abdul . mohammed what the hell be you wear ? before bertie can question Queen Victoria about this turn of event the head waiter announce : head waiter dinner be serve . int . the same , staircase bertie with Queen Victoria . bertie Lady churchill be absolutely scandalise . a servant . and a hindoo to boot ! queen victoria the munshi be a Muslim scholar . he know the Koran off by heart and for you information be no longer a servant . he be to be give a staff of he own . bertie this be absurd . letter . invitation to supper . you be treat he like family . queen victoria no , I like Abdul . Lady churchill have better get use to the fact — as the munshi be come on holiday with we as a fully equal member of the Household . bertie you can not take a Muslim to Florence ! 45 queen victoria that will be all . the Queen walk off upstairs . int . railway carriage . day the train be trundle along . Mohammed blow he nose into he handkerchief . mohammed a spiritual advisor !? you have not a idea in you head . you promise to get we out of here . and now we be go to bloody Florence . abdul but do not you see what a privilege it be to see the glorey of Italy with all this wonderful people ? mohammed you complete bloody idiot . do you really think they be go to stand there and let she promote a wog ? I do not come here to carry you bloody case . abdul what you be complain about ? we have we own carriage . with a bathroom . they have a very nice bed for you on the floor . Mohammed blow he nose . mohammed I be die here . I want to go home . I be tell you this whole thing be a disaster wait to happen . abdul iam get sick of you negative attitude . life be a big adventure . you just need to open up and enjoy it . we be on holiday . what on earth could possibly go wrong ? Abdul see a rope above he — he grab hold of it and read the little sign beside it . abdul ' do not pull 's 46 int . queen 's carriage . train . later the baroque splendour of the Queen 's carriage . the Queen be in bed . Abdul be there . abdul I just want to apologise about the emergency brake , you majesty . I hope you be not too badly injure . queen victoria it be nothing at all , Abdul . anyway , it 's a completely understandable mistake . I be just so glad you be with we . what a treat to show you Florence for the first time . bertie emerge from the royal bathroom in he pyjamas to see Abdul . bertie what 's he do here ? queen victoria Abdul be just explain what happen earlier . bertie I really do not see why I have to share you bathroom . queen victoria I share a bed with my mother until I become Queen . bertie mother , I be fifty - seven year old . the munshi 's get he own bathroom . abdul oh yes , it be a very fine bathroom indeed , you majesty . bertie Excuse I . he have to push he way past Abdul . bertie goodnight , ma-mah . abdul goodnight , Mr bertie . 47 queen victoria bertie . make sure you shut that door . bertie push past Abdul unhappily and leave . the Queen grab Abdul 's hand queen victoria Abdul , I have something for you . to celebrate you first trip to Florence . and become my munshi . it be a locket . with a picture of I . she give he a locket . abdul oh you majesty ! how can I ever thank you . queen victoria keep I safe . abdul for ever , you majesty . queen victoria oh Abdul . you will love Florence . such wonderful view . int . garden , villa palmieri . day Abdul and Queen Victoria be walk in the italianate garden below the terrace of the villa palmieri , Mohammed stand sentry in the background . queen victoria be not it glorious . Albert love it here . the brunelleschi dome . the uffizi Gallery . he spend all of he money on Old Masters . we collect so much I have to give most of it to the National Gallery . he so admire the medicis . that they would commission the great artist of the day . so they could leave something astonish behind . abdul in India we also commision great artist . each mughal Emperor would bring the great craftsman to make great glorey for they durbar room . 48 queen victoria a durbar room ? abdul oh , yes , every Emperor have a durbar room . full of the finest thing know to man . queen victoria well , iam the Empress of India . I should have a durbar room . abdul a brilliant idea , you majesty . but where would you put it ? queen victoria the Isle of wight . obviously . ponsonby arrive . ponsonby signor puccini have arrive , you majesty . int . grand room . night we be in the middle of the recital . the Royal Household be listen to a fat man sing ' donna non vidi mai’ at the piano . Abdul be listen intently next to the Queen , bertie next to Lady churchill . ponsonby say something to Dr reid . the munshi turn : abdul ssshhhh ! the fat man at the piano finish he song . Abdul applaud enthusiastically . queen victoria and where do you say it be from , Mr puccini ? puccini it 's from my new opera manon lescaut . it 's about two lover separate by the class divide who run away together . queen victoria it sound marvellous . 49 puccini but she be imprison for she love , you majesty . queen victoria oh . puccini but they escape . queen victoria bravo . puccini but finally she die , leave he utterly bereft . queen victoria I be not sure we do like the sound of it . we prefer comic opera . do you know any Gilbert and Sullivan ? abdul perhaps you majesty will sing we a song ? queen victoria oh no . I could not possibly . the Household on cue : lady churchill but please , you majesty . bertie ( aside ) God save we ! queen victoria well , just one . from pinafore . bertie . bertie do I have to ? bertie , reluctantly , go to the piano . queen victoria ' Little buttercup 's . in c. bertie sit at the piano with immense reluctance . Queen Victoria sing 50 ' Little buttercup 's poorly . she dry , be about to continue , but ponsonby prompt the applause . abdul bravo ! more ! more ! but to everyone 's relief puccini produce a glass of champagne and hand it to the Queen . puccini bellissimo , you majesty . queen victoria I be teach by mendelssohn , you know . puccini raise he glass . puccini to the Queen . queen victoria to I . she knock back the champagne . ext . terrace , florence . night the Queen be tipsy . she hold on to Abdul 's arm as they walk along the terrace in the warm evening air , Florence twinkle below . bertie and Lady churchill look on aghast . the Queen be sing the melody of the Gilbert and Sullivan song : queen victoria La , la , la , la , la , la . she lift she arm as she walk , half dance . we should not have drunk all that champagne . she giggle . abdul May I ? Abdul take the Queen 's other hand and they waltz they way along the terrace , la-la - ing 's a accompaniment . we be close up on they 51 almost childish pleasure . finally the Queen and Abdul stumble and come to a stop . Abdul smile at the Queen . still hold she . queen victoria Abdul , I have not be so happy for year . abdul when I come to England , I be terrify of you . but you be a very kind lady . you be a very unique lady to I . queen victoria and you be very , very ' unique 's to I , Abdul . abdul I know that you be very much older than I . and you be the Queen of England and Empress of India and I be just a humble munshi . but I think you be the most special person in my whole life . his eye be alight . they look at each other intimately . abdul even more special than my wife . queen victoria ( shocked ) wife ?! abdul yes . the Queen be computing this information , she face severe . queen victoria you be marry ?! abdul of course . queen victoria but where be you wife ? abdul in India . queen victoria why do not you tell I you be marry ? 52 abdul I do not think it matter . queen victoria ( severely ) of course , this change everything . you will have to return to India immediately . Abdul look concerned . and bring she back at once ! ext . osborne house . isle of wight . day a shot of osborne House . huge music as a carriage approach . int . the same , queen 's bedchamber the Queen be sit with she journal practise she urdu . queen victoria aaj kal Agra ka msusam kesa hay ? [ how be the weather in Agra this day ? ] Mrs tuck run in . mrs tuck he 's come ! int . queen 's dressing room / bedchamber . day the Queen pass a mirror , check she appearance , then dash out of the room . ext . osborne house . day a carriage race down the drive and into the circle in front of osborne House . int . top of the stair , osborne house . day Queen Victoria rush past maid who jump to attention as she go round a corner and dash past ponsonby and Dr reid , who watch she whizz by in amazement . 53 ext . osborne house . day the music of triumphant return continue as the carriage come to a stand still . Mohammed be wait by the door . he blow he nose . mohammed bloody hell . and rush towards the carriage to open the door . int . glaze terrace , osborne house . day the Queen be now look out from the terrace with great anticipation . queen victoria how terribly exciting ! ext . osborne house . day Mohammed run , ignominiously , over the gravel to open the door of the carriage . we cut back to osborne House . there be expectant face at every window . the terrace be crowded with Household member . Mohammed open the carriage door . Abdul emerge from the carriage . he step down resplendent in he ceremonial outfit , double -sashed , replete with sword and pistol , and the Star of India . he look like a cross between a maharajah and a pirate King and rather fatter than before . Mohammed be unimpress . mohammed ( under he breath ) for God 's sake ! int . first floor terrace , osborne house . day bertie , Lady churchill , miss phipp be gather with alick yorke , all look down at Abdul 's arrival . lady churchill look at the size of he . bertie and he 's get a sword . 54 miss phipp and a pistol ! ext . osborne house . the same Abdul hold out he hand and Mrs Karim emerge from the carriage ~ in full burga . int . first floor terrace , osborne house . day there be a audible gasp from miss phipp . bertie what the devil be she wear ? miss phipp you can not even see she face ! ext . osborne house . day a skinny serve boy , Ahmed , get out of the carriage . he look around amaze at he surroundings . int . first -floor terrace , osborne house . day now Dr reid and ponsonby be out on the terrace — further down from bertie and the lady in wait . dr reid who the hell be that ? ext . osborne house . day Abdul cuff Ahmed on the ear , bring he ' to 's . abdul the bag . the bag ! Ahmed run to help Mohammed with Mrs Karim 's bag . Mrs Karim stand resplendent . 55 int . glaze terrace . osborne house . day the Queen look on delighted . queen victoria I think she look rather splendid . mrs tuck but you can not actually see she , you majesty . queen victoria I think it 's rather dignify . ext . osborne house . day Abdul turn and help another fully burga have lady from the carriage . int . first floor terrace , osborne house . day another scandalise gasp from the company . lady churchill oh my God . another one ! how many have he get in there ? bertie the ruddy sod 's a bigamist ! miss phipp ( delighted ) this be a absolute scandal ! ext . osborne house . day Abdul stand with he two burqua have lady while Mohammed and Ahmed get bag from the carriage . int . glaze terrace . osborne house . day the Queen look on . queen victoria I do hope they like they little cottage . 56 int . abdul 's cottage . day a knock at the door . Abdul open the door to find the Queen . queen victoria I hope it 's not inconvenient . I just think we have pop round for tea . ext . ottage . day a chocolate - box cottage on the osborne estate . we see the Queen be accompany by a vast entourage of people . int . tiny live room , abdul 's cottage . day a ' tableau 's of Queen Victoria , ponsonby , Lady churchill , the Queen of Greece ( 1870 - 1932 ) , the Grand duchess Sophie of saxe-weimar - eisenach ( 1824 - 97 ) , princess helena of schleswig-holstein - sonderburg-augustenburg ( 1848 -1923 ) , and they entourage , Mohammed , Abdul , Ahmed , Mrs Karim and the mother - in - law along with the usual entourage , plus the retinue of the royal visitor , all squash tightly in Abdul 's tiny live room . bertie and Dr reid be perch on travel case because of the lack of chair . queen victoria this be my granddaughter , Sophia , the Queen of Greece , this be the Grand duchess Sophie of saxe-weimar - eisenach , and my daughter , princess helena augusta viktoria of schleswig-holstein-sonderburg -augustenburg . abdul a pleasure to meet you . this be my wife Mrs Karim , and this be my mother - in-law . queen victoria how very nice to meet you . how be you enjoy England , Mrs Karim ? Abdul translate this — at great length — to he missus . she whisper something to he — also at great length , then ... abdul she say : ' very well . thank you , you majesty . 's 57 the munshi 's wife then whisper to he again for a interminably long time . everyone wait politely . finally he turn and smile . abdul ' apart from the cold 's they laugh gently . bertie ( aside ) God help I . abdul you majesty , Sophia — the Queen of Greece , Grand duchess Sophie of saxe-weimar - eisenach , princess helena augusta viktoria of schleswig-holstein - sonderburg - augustenburg , I would like to take this opportunity on behalf of myself , my wife and my wife 's mother to thank her majesty Victoria Regina of the United Kingdom of great Britain and Ireland , defender of the faith , Empress of India , for accommodate we in this beautiful cottage . we be extremely grateful for she infinite kindness and interior decoration . the gift of hospitality and friendship to stranger be of very high importance in we culture and we be honoure to repay it in we very small way . what be ours be yours . bertie ( under he breath ) quite literally . abdul and this be how the world should be . here we be , representative of the great nation of the world , all snuggle together , have a nice cup of indian tea . thanks be to Allah . Queen Victoria lead the polite applause . queen victoria my dear munshi , Mrs Karim and Mrs Karim 's mother — it 's so good to have you back , my child . we have miss you enormously . 58 ext . abdul 's cottage . day a groom and pony-driven carriage wait for the Queen . the royal visitor be leave . bertie march up the path , ponsonby anxiously follow close behind : bertie Children ?! Dr reid be on ponsonby 's heel . dr reid ( aside , to ponsonby ) if they be go to live here can I get my room back ? the Queen be the last to leave . she take he hand : queen victoria oh Abdul , I be so glad you be back — it really have be dreadfully dull without you . and I be so glad to meet Mrs Karim . there 's just one thing I have be curious about this whole afternoon . what do Mrs Karim look like behind she veil ? abdul behind she veil ? you must see she . queen victoria be that allow ? abdul of course it be allow . you be a lady . and the Empress of India . queen victoria really ?! you think she have let I take a glimpse ? abdul she would be honoure , you majesty . ponsonby and bertie at the end of the garden path . bertie where the hell be she go now ? 59 int . tiny live room , abdul 's cottage . day Queen Victoria be sit on a chair . Mrs Karim take off she burga . we glimpse the gorgeous costume underneath , full of colour . then we see she face . her nose be pierce with a gold chain link to she ear . she giggle like a schoolgirl . Victoria be transfix . queen victoria oh , you really be beautiful . Mrs Karim giggle again , not understanding a word . the Queen stand and take both of she hand : queen victoria tum bahut sundar ho . [ you be very beautiful . ] Mrs Karim beam . her mother watch inscrutably from she burqa . Abdul look on at the whole scene , proud as punch . queen victoria Main tum yahaan hai bahut khush hoon . [ I be so happy to have you here . ] ext . osborne house . day a carriage arrive . ponsonby be wait for Lord salisbury , who get out . lord salisbury what on earth be a durbar room ? int . osborne , corridor approaching durbar room . day the Prime Minister , Lord salisbury , be march up a corridor , follow by he private secretary and deputy private secretary , with a face fill with fury . bertie and ponsonby be run alongside . ponsonby it be a celebration of all thing indian inspire by the mughal emperor , Prime Minister . lord salisbury but I do not understand . who give she permission to build this in the first place ? 60 bertie do not blame I . I be in monte Carlo . ponsonby I be afraid she be a law unto herself , Prime Minister . lord salisbury for God 's sake . she will be wear a burga next . I be hold you entirely responsible , ponsonby . they have arrive at the Queen , who be wait with Dr reid , Lady churchill , miss phipp and the usual entourage . queen victoria Prime Minister , you be late . lord salisbury I be terribly sorry , you majesty . queen victoria let we begin . int . indian corridor . day the Queen lead salisbury , ponsonby , bertie , etc. down the indian corridor . queen victoria this , as you can see , be the indian corridor . the durbar room be design by Mr bhai Ram Singh . they pass a smile Mr bhai Ram Singh . bertie ( in salisbury 's ear ) the place be crawl with they . queen victoria and we commission a series of portrait . of eminent Indians . this be princess gurmma . Lord salisbury try to feign interest as he look at the painting . queen victoria this , of course . . . be the munshi . 61 salisbury look horrify at the portrait of Abdul . then he eye fall upon the real Abdul who be in full munshi uniform , a flow smock . Abdul beam at the Prime Minister . abdul a honour to meet you , Mr Prime Minister , sir . queen victoria a very good likeness . do not you think ? abdul ( whisper to Lord salisbury ) I ask he to take a few pound off . this be my wife , Mr Prime Minister , sir , and this be my mother - in-law . the two lady be by he side in they identical burgas . at least I think that 's the right way round . Abdul chuckle at he own joke . and this be my servant , Mohammed . Mohammed blow he nose . Ahmed be there . lord salisbury ( aside to ponsonby ) what the hell be go on here , ponsonby ? queen victoria and this , Prime Minister , be the durbar room . int . durbar room , continuous salisbury follow the Queen into the durbar room in all its splendour . it be a state room decorate in a over - the- top higgledy - piggle of mughal and hindu motif . indian musician play from the balcony . the Queen walk through the room point out the carving : queen victoria the carving be all from uttar pradesh . and the carpet : the carpet be woven in a gaol in Agra . perfect , of course , for the tableaux . 62 at the end of the room be the peacock throne . queen victoria and the piéce de résistance . the peacock throne . the Queen sit on the throne . a exact copy of the one in Agra . and , of course , the koh-i-noor ! she be wear the koh-i-noor brooch . queen victoria now I really do feel like the Empress of India . she be like a little child , swinging she foot joyously . salisbury and the household deputation look on at she : bertie ( aside to Dr reid ) I think she be suppose to be die . lord salisbury it really be a remarkable addition to the house , you majesty . queen victoria we have Abdul to thank for the whole idea . abdul ( who be now stand next to the Queen ) oh , really — it be nothing . ponsonby step forward , very formally . ponsonby to celebrate the completion of the durbar room . a little surprise , you majesty . Mohammed appear bear a ornately inlaid box . the Queen open the box and look inside . pull a confuse face : queen victoria what be it ? ponsonby a mango , you majesty . 63 a general gasp . Abdul peer inside . abdul it 's ' off 's . a look of horror on everyone 's face . queen victoria ponsonby . this mango be off . ponsonby 's chagrin . int . lady 's dressing room , osborne house . night Lady churchill , miss phipp , and various other lady from the entourage in petticoat get undress . helped by Mrs tuck . lady churchill a line have definitively be cross . int . men 's dressing room . osborne house . night Abdul be get change into he sultan of persia outfit . Mohammed wipe he brow and sit down , shaking with a fever . mohammed this be a complete and utter disaster . abdul I do not understand . mohammed they have be wait for this . abdul who have ? mohammed ponsonby , reid . the whole damn lot of they . do not you see , she 's be rub they nose in it but now it 's go public . I be tell you they be not go to stand for it — they will rise up and chop you bloody ball off . you have upset the order of everything . you think they be go to lie back and take it ? 64 abdul but I have not do anything . mohammed you stupid , bloody uncle Tom . do not you see you have upset the order of everything . I be tell you this whole thing be a complete catastrophe . Abdul look worried . alick yorke everything alright in here ? int . durbar room . night now the durbar room have be transformed . a large stage with a plush velvet curtain have be erect at one end and dominate the room . the room be cramme with people ready to see the tableaux . bigge , reid , ponsonby , all the staff in the rear row crane to see the arrival of Mrs Karim and Mrs Karim 's mother . the Queen raise she hand and wave at Mrs Karim . queen victoria Mrs munshi ! please , sit here . bertie . bertie , much put out , be force to move . salisbury watch the whole thing in horror . int . lady 's dressing room . night Lady churchill put on she a yashmak and look in the mirror . lady churchill I have never be so humiliate in my entire life . int . durbar room . night the light in the hall have dimme . Music . the Queen squeeze Mrs Karim 's hand . alick yorke appear from between the curtain on stage . alick yorke a scene in ancient persia . 65 he withdraw . ponsonby pop a pill . the Queen be agog with delighted anticipation . the curtain open to reveal paint flat . a scene from ancient persia . Lady churchill , miss phipp and Mrs tuck come on dress in Persian costume . they pose as a harem of supplicant . enter Abdul , dress as the sultan of persia with Ahmed as he servant . Mohammed be at the back sick with fever . abdul iam the sultan of persia , King of all king . you be now under my power . lady churchill you highness . we bestow all the rich of the orient upon you . the lady proffer paste jewel . Abdul try he best to look triumphantly regal . they all look out uneasily at the audience try to maintain a matey rictus as the orchestra swell and they hold the tableau . Ahmed be in the way — Abdul surreptitiously cuff he to clear he sightline . we notice Mohammed sway , clearly ill , and just as the curtain descend as everyone else be fix in the tableau , Mohammed sneeze . Lord salisbury be open-mouthed . ponsonby hold he forehead in despair . the Queen be unabash with she approval . queen victoria bravo ! bravo the munshi! bertie ( aside to Dr reid ) now she think he 's Henry Irving . as the curtain open for the ' call 's , the Queen leap to she foot . the entire household follow suit , applaud politely . only Mrs Karim and she mother remain seat . Abdul gesture he respects to her majesty and bow egregiously . she clap enthusiastically . the curtain close again . salisbury be not happy . int . hallway , osborne house . night Lord salisbury bollock ponsonby . lord salisbury what the hell be this , ponsonby ? munshi-mania ? I be try 66 to keep a empire together and it look like they be run the place . I want this whole sodd mess knock on the head or you be finish . understood ? Lord salisbury turn and leave leave ponsonby chagrine . int . post - tableau room , osborne house . night the post - tableau soirée . Victoria be sit amongst the prominent member of the household , drink sherry . ponsonby , battle -torn , come in to join they . queen victoria ah , ponsonby . tell we , what exactly do the Prime Minister say about the tableau ? ponsonby to be entirely frank , you majesty , he seem to be a little perturb . queen victoria whatever for ? he must have like the munshi . ponsonby I think the munshi be the problem , you majesty . queen victoria really ? I think he be rather good . ponsonby I think he mean he position , you majesty . I think he be rather alarmed he have such a prominent role in the Household . queen victoria of course Abdul have a prominent role in the household . he be my munshi . ponsonby but he 's a indian , you majesty . queen victoria iam aware of it . 67 ponsonby but give current sensitivity in the sub-continent , you majesty . the Prime Minister be concerned it might be ' send the wrong message 's . queen victoria I should have think it be a jolly good message . ponsonby but he 's a Muslim , you majesty . queen victoria precisely . we owe they so much , do we not ? for they role in the mutiny , for example . the hubbub drop to a deathly silence . ponsonby the mutiny , you majesty ? queen victoria yes . for all the help they give we with the hindus . dr reid but the mutiny be a Muslim -led revolt , you majesty . queen victoria be you sure ? dr reid of course . the Muslim soldier revolt when it be rumoure they rifle be grease with pork fat . queen victoria really ? ponsonby the Grand mufti , himself , put out a fatwa against you personally . and Muslim soldier kill over two thousand british personnel . bertie who have you be talk to , mother ? 68 suddenly Abdul arrive with a flourish in he smartest munshi garb . abdul ta-da ! the Queen glare at he . everyone else be stare . he realise something be wrong . int . sculpture corridor . osborne house . night the Queen be stand next to Abdul in the corridor , give he a furious dress down . queen victoria ihave open my heart to you . I have bring you family from India , promote you in the tooth of very considerable opposition and disquiet from the Household . I even turn a blind eye when you fail to tell I you be marry , which come , as you know , as quite a surprise . how could you let I humiliate myself in front of the entire Household ? abdul iam deeply sorry , you majesty . queen victoria you say the hindus be behind the mutiny ! abdul I do not say it be only the hindus , you majesty . queen victoria you tell I categorically that the Muslims be my friend . abdul but we be you friend , you majesty . queen victoria Abdul , there be a fatwa against I . it be Muslims who start the whole thing ! this be completely unacceptable . Abdul , I think you be outstanding as the sultan of persia , but I be afraid you will have to go home . 69 int . further along the corridor . night bertie , Lady churchill and Dr reid have gather and be spying on the conversation . unable to repress he delight : dr reid hallelujah ! int . osborne house . sculpture corridor Abdul be knock for six . queen victoria you have hurt my feeling very much indeed , Abdul . do not you see what a position I have be put in ? thank you for everything you have do for I . she start to leave . she turn and face Abdul . we can see Mohammed look on behind she . I will miss you a very great deal . she turn and walk down the corridor . Queen Victoria march along the corridor pass bertie , Dr reid and Lady churchill , who dutifully follow she , smirk like cat that have get the cream . Abdul be stand devastate . we see Mohammed have be watch . mohammed so we be go home . he start to cough . int . sculpture corridor . night Victoria walk along the corridor follow by the smirk bertie , Dr reid and Lady churchill . the Queen stop at the end stair , meet by Mrs tuck . Victoria turn to face bertie , reid and churchill . they suddenly adopt a appropriately solemn demeanour . bertie goodnight , mother . 7o queen victoria goodnight . the Queen eye they suspiciously — she know she 's be have . they try to keep straight face . int . stair . the same the Queen turn and struggle up the stair . reid 's face break into a smile . int . queen 's bedchamber . osborne house . night the Queen on she dress stool , unnerve . she look up at the photo of Abdul on she wall : Abdul stand proudly as she sit at she desk . she think . queen victoria Mrs tuck ! int . abdul 's cottage . night pour rain . it be Mrs tuck under a umbrella . Abdul be amaze . ext . lane outside . night Victoria be in she pony and trap . Abdul be stand by the trap under a umbrella hold by Mrs tuck . queen victoria Abdul , you have be a utter fool and I be absolutely furious with you . it be unconscionable that as my munshi you should have lie to I in any way . but also it would be completely churlish not to recognise the considerable kindness and devotion you have show . and after all , I be sure you think in some way you be protect I . but as the monarch , I do realise nothing can really protect I . and in that light I have decide , even though I be very disappointed , I would like you to stay . Abdul be astonished . 71 queen victoria but it must never happen again . abdul oh you gracious majesty . how can I ever thank you ? queen victoria well , there be something we really must sort out , Abdul . Abdul have no idea what she could mean . iam deeply concerned about Mrs Karim . int . queen 's bedroom . osborne house . day the Queen be have breakfast in bed attend by Dr reid , ponsonby and Mrs tuck . queen victoria I want you to examine Mrs Karim . dr reid examine Mrs Karim ?! queen victoria just make sure everything 's work . ponsonby but I think the munshi and he family be leave we , you majesty . queen victoria whatever give you that impression ? astonishment from all and sundry . the munshi and he family be a integral part of the Royal Household . and I would be very grateful if you give she a thorough examination . she blithely go back to work on she egg . Dr reid look at ponsonby . int . osborne house . top of stair . day bertie , ponsonby and reid descend the stair . 72 bertie as far as I be concerned this be war . we be go to dig up every last piece of shit the blaggard 's ever do . I want someone in India rake through the family coal . be not you son out there , ponsonby ? ponsonby I could not possibly be involved in subterfuge , you majesty . bertie look . I be go to be the one in charge very soon . you will do as you be bloody well tell . I want no stone unturned . we be go to make a dossier . have it all down in black and white ; and put a end to this for good . bertie leave . ponsonby look at Dr reid . dr reid well , I better go and examine Mrs munshi . int . cottage . day Dr reid be sit awkwardly on a chair , a stethoscope round he neck , clearly very unhappy . the munshi 's wife be in full burga with a veil , sit on the side of the bed . her mother , also in full burga , sit beside she hold she hand . Dr reid look at Mrs Karim awkwardly , then turn to Abdul who be wait anxiously by the doctor 's side . reid I need to see she tongue . abdul oh , it be not possible to uncover a lady 's mouth , Doctor . reid but how can I tell anything if I can not see she tongue ? Abdul speak to the mother - in- law in Hindi , the mother - in - law speak to Mrs Karim . then she daintily lift she yashmak a fraction and stick out she tongue . the doctor look at it gingerly then it disappear back behind the veil as quickly as it appear . abdul well ? 73 reid I think she 's fine . int . outside mohammed 's room . day ponsonby and bertie be in the servant 's corridor . ponsonby knock on a door . int . mohammed 's room . day bertie and ponsonby be in Mohammed 's room . Mohammed have decline since we last see he . ponsonby Mr Mohammed . we have come here because we be not unaware of you predicament . that you arrive in the first place almost by accident and find yourself stick here through a bizarre set of circumstance — none of you own make . it be not beneath we notice that the inclement English weather , especially on the solent , have be the cause of a precipitous decline in you general health and what 's more you continue to suffer the vast indignity of be a servant to someone who be in many way you inferior , who seem to discharge he role with increase abuse and disregard . but it have occur to we that we might be able to offer you some help . mohammed help ? ponsonby Travel home , medical care , perhaps a modest pension . in return , of course , for a little information . mohammed what sort of information ? ponsonby look , I be not go to beat about the bush . you have borne the brunt of Abdul 's appall behaviour and that be of a great deal of interest to a lot of people . 74 mohammed you want I to dish the dirty ? ponsonby in a manner of speak . Mohammed cough into he handkerchief . mohammed what would you like I to say ? bertie anything really . ponsonby we need detail . what he say , what he do . Mohammed think about this . mohammed Abdul do what everybody else do . look for preferment . ' curry 's favour . crawl up the stinking greasy pole of the shitty british Empire . make fool of you all because he be a servant — a indian , Muslim servant — and you be all quaking in you boot because he 's beat you at you own game . bertie no one be quaking in they boot . we be the most powerful nation on Earth at the height of we influence . mohammed in that case the only way be down . so stick you stupid british Empire up you stinky royal bottom-hole , Mr bertie Prince , sir . I hope he make the whole damn thing come tumble down . he cough into he handkerchief . there be blood . Mohammed be shocked . ponsonby look on in pity . bertie T will see that you die here . 75 int . osborne house . council corridor . day bertie and ponsonby in a cabal with Dr reid . dr reid what do you mean , he would not say anything ? ponsonby well ... bertie the man 's a complete shit . queen victoria ( out of shot ) Dr reid ! the Queen come round the corner , suddenly ponsonby et al. swing round to see she with Lady churchill , miss phipp et al . queen victoria iam not a fool . I know there be some skulduggery afoot . something be go on here and I be not go to stand for it . ponsonby et al. look terrify . queen victoria Dr reid , I ask you to get to the bottom of Mrs Karim 's fertility issue and it seem nothing have be do . dr reid well , actually , you majesty , it be impossible to make a conclusive judgement for religious reason . queen victoria well , do you examine the munshi ? dr reid no , you majesty . queen victoria well , examine the munshi . the Queen head off . Lady churchill and bertie hold back . 76 queen victoria bertie . bertie sheepishly follow . Dr reid turn to ponsonby . dr reid I do not do seven year at Edinburgh University to look at indian dick . ext . osborne house . day Dr reid stomp , unhappily , carry he doctor 's bag towards Abdul 's house . int . abdul 's cottage . day Dr reid with he stethoscope , as before . Abdul stand . dr reid trousers . ext . osborne house . day Dr reid run at full pelt in the opposite direction . ext . courtyard . osborne house . day Dr reid run across the courtyard . int . corridor . osborne house Dr reid run . he skid round a corner . int . ponsonby office . osborne house . day reid burst in . dr reid Eureka ! ponsonby look up . he 's riddled with the clap ! 77 int . corridor . osborne house . day ponsonby and reid knock on a bedroom door . a voice from inside . bertie of ) go away ! ponsonby you Royal highness . we come with important news about the munshi ! int . bertie 's bedroom . osborne house . day bertie be now in bed with a post-coital cigar . Lady churchill be also in the bed . ponsonby and Dr reid have just explain the news . bertie the clap ! lady churchill but we can not possibly tell she . it would kill she stone dead . bertie maybe it 's not such a bad idea . ponsonby there 's more . it appear the father , far from be a indian eminent , be in fact a prison apothecary . bertie be you sure ? ponsonby I receive a telegram only this afternoon from Agra . my son visit the gaol himself . they be absolute nobody . bertie take a puff while he think about this . bertie well , it sound pretty conclusive to I . int . queen 's study . osborne house . day bertie knock on the door and go in . 78 bertie mother , we have to see you ... the Queen be sit behind a small desk , Abdul intimately by she side . ponsonby and Dr reid stand nervously before she . bertie ( look at Abdul ) alone . queen victoria iam in the middle of my urdu lesson . bertie mother , we come with very important news of a highly personal matter . queen victoria I have nothing to hide from Abdul . ponsonby iam afraid , you majesty , we have news concern the munshi . proof , beyond any doubt , that Abdul Karim be a low - bear imposter , you majesty . queen victoria but the munshi be from a noble family and a long line of teacher . ponsonby the munshi be a mere clerk in a common gaol . she be silent . my own son have send word from India and have actually speak to the man in question . dr reid his family be completely uneducate . his father be a lowly apothecary . bertie the munshi do not even go to school , mother . the man 's a complete fraud . there he be , oversee the box . I be next in line and I can not get anywhere near they . 79 ponsonby it be true , you majesty . you have be hideously dupe and ignominously misus , you majesty . the munshi be a blackguard and a arch deceiver . I be afraid Abdul and he father be completely common . the Queen look horrify at the proceedings . we have prepare a dossier . ponsonby flourish the dossier and slam it on the Queen 's table . she seem flabbergasted . she look at the dossier . the case seem conclusive . they stare at she with bate breath . queen victoria you despicable toad . racialist ! spy ?! dossier ?! pick on a poor defenceless indian . of course they do not have qualification . it 's completely different out there . bertie but do not you see , mother , he 's use he position for he own gain . queen victoria and how do that make he any different to any one of you ? how dare you look down on Abdul . how dare you defame he poor father . bertie , I be ashamed that you be part of this . Abdul be a loyal , wise , sympathetic human be who have rise on he own merit . not by endless backstabbing or family connection . I will not have this . now . repeat after I . I will be courteous to the munshi . she stare at ponsonby . he look at Abdul , then reluctantly : ponsonby I will be courteous to the munshi . queen victoria you . dr reid I will be courteous to the munshi . queen victoria bertie . all of you . ' I will be courteous to the munshi . 's 80 everyone I will be courteous to the munshi . queen victoria it have become apparent that to get any respect in the Household one need to be formally recognise . in which case , Abdul , I intend to give you a knighthood in the next honour list . ponsonby almost collapse . dr reid enough ! this be absurd . we can not protect you from this any further . the Queen stare in astonishment . the man be riddled with gonorrhoea . stun silence . queen victoria gonorrhoea !? ponsonby yes , you majesty . queen victoria well , you be a doctor . why do not you treat he ?! now get out of my sight . all of you . int . outside the queen 's study . osborne house . day Abdul , bertie , ponsonby and reid come out of the room . suddenly Dr reid lose it and pin Abdul up against the wall . reid you be kill she , you pox-ridden indian shit . reid be strangling Abdul . abdul Doctor R — Abdul turn puce as reid throttles he . ponsonby try to wrest Abdul from Dr reid 's clutches . 81 ponsonby Dr reid ! be courteous ! reid come to he sense and let go . Abdul be shake . int . ponsonby office . osborne house . night the council be completely full with score of staff and member of the Royal Household . lady churchill knighted ?! bigge surely there be some law against it ? lady churchill the man 's a common indian , for God 's sake . miss phipp and a Muslim . alick yorke she can not just do what she like . dr reid that 's right . we be the one who make this palace work and we be be ignore and exploit . we have to stand up to this wanton bully . bigge exactly . this be a usurpation of the basic tenet of leadership . alick yorke there be moral standard at stake . what be this ? the Year of the munshi ? they all laugh . lady churchill I propose we should rise up as a household and demand that she retract . 82 miss phipp but she 's the Queen . lady churchill she be we sovereign . her position be entirely base on the implicit contract she make with we . who manage the estate ? who be up at the crack of dawn prepare she breakfast ? toadying to foreign diplomat ? eat that interminable meal ? listen to the infernal drivel ? lord and lady , the time have come to say no . we must stand together and show she who really run this ship . ponsonby but this be a palace coup . lady churchill it be a assertion of we inalienable rights as the aristocracy of this country . the monarchy be not there by divine right . ponsonby I think it be , actually . lady churchill oh shut up . bigge I agree . we must resist this foreign intruder , for the sake of England , the Empire and St George . lady churchill I say : either she drop this preposterous insult or we will all leave . general assent hear , hear ! miss phipp but be not this treason ? lady churchill this be politics . the bloody union do it . I do not see why we should not have a go . all hooray ! alick yorke the nabob have meet he match . yes ! yes ! bigge let 's show they what we be make of . more approval ! that we be prepare to stand up to tyranny : for justice , for right and for England ! huge cheer . lady churchill be you with I ? unanimous assent . be you with I ? unanimous assent and self - congratulation apart from : alick yorke so what should we do ? nobody be sure . dr reid somebody have to tell she . they all suddenly look nervous . bigge we should make a deputation . alick yorke wo not that look like a cabal ? lady churchill I think you should go . you be the head of Household . ponsonby I could not possibly go , it would bring the position into disrepute . 84 alick yorke you know she quite well , Mrs tuck . mrs tuck I be just a dresser . what about miss phipp ? everyone 's attention be draw to the skinny , mild - mannered , nervous Lady in wait . lady churchill brilliant . you be the may of honour . exactly the person to break the news . miss phipp look terrify . int . council corridor . osborne house . night Mrs tuck fuss over miss phipp , make she look just so . ponsonby , Dr reid and Lady churchill be there . ponsonby off you go — and do not take no for a answer . the poor woman be terrify . she timidly make she way up the stair . she stop and look back . Lady churchill give she a look of stern admonishment . phipp nervously carry on . then stop again . it 's grandma 's footstep . churchill usher she on again . int . outside the council room . night a terrify miss phipp knock meekly on the double door . int . queen 's study . night miss phipp walk nervously across the vast room to the little table where Queen Victoria be sit alone at she letter . the Queen look up , clearly displease to be interrupt . miss phipp be shaking . the Queen stare at she full of indignant expectation . miss phipp erm ... queen victoria speak up . 85 miss phipp try to gather herself and stop herself collapse . miss phipp you majesty ... queen victoria out with it , girl , we be very busy . miss phipp there be something I must say that .. . she look at the Queen , terrify . queen victoria what be the meaning of this ? stop shaking . miss phipp I have come to ask you to reconsider the elevation of . . . of Mr Karim . the Queen can not quite believe she ear . queen victoria what do you say ? miss phipp ihave come to ask you not to give Mr Karim a knighthood , you majesty . queen victoria why the devil not ? miss phipp the member of the Household demand that you abandon you plan , you majesty . queen victoria demand ?! miss phipp we believe that it degrade the very concept of knighthood . he come from a very low family , you majesty . and he be coloured . queen victoria get out of my sight . 86 miss phipp look like she 's beginning to crack . queen victoria do you not hear I ? miss phipp you majesty , I must inform you that if you refuse — the entire Household will resign . the Queen can not believe she ear . she pause for a moment . then let out a earth -shatter scream of rage : queen victoria treason ! treason ! she sweep the table in anger , evict she fabergé egg . int . kitchen , the same miss phipp be give whisky . int . outside the queen 's study , the same ponsonby , bertie and reid approach the Queen 's study . int . queen 's study . day bertie , ponsonby and reid march into the room . the Queen be sit with Abdul . Abdul stand up and move out of the way . bertie mummy . enough be enough . you be bring the monarchy into crisis . and you be humiliate yourself for no good reason . you will drop this munshi business forthwith . do you hear I ? she stare at he . the munshi be a servant . he be a ignorant , pox-ridden , indian peasant . do you really think the Household would countenance such a insult ? queen victoria I will not be disobey . 87 bertie no , I have put up with you for over fifty year . you will drop this forthwith or ... queen victoria or ?... or ?... bertie we will have you certified insane . and remove from office immediately . here be the papers . sign by Dr reid . the Queen be stunne . she look at Dr reid , who appear terrify of the whole situation . queen victoria iam eighty - one year of age . I have have nine child , forty - two grandchild , and almost a billion citizen . I have rheumatism , a collapse uterus , be morbidly obese , deaf in one ear . I have know eleven prime minister , pass 2,347 piece of legislation . I have be in office for sixty - two year , 234 day — thus I be the longest - serve monarch in world history . I be responsible for five household and a staff of more than three thousand . I be cantankerous , boring , greedy , ill - tempere , at time selfish and myopic , metaphorically and literally . I be , perhaps , disagreeably attach to power and should not have smashed the Emperor of Russia 's egg . but I be anything but insane . if the Household wish to disobey I , so be it — let they do it face to face . I will see everyone in the durbar room . at once ! she march out past Abdul : where on earth do you get gonorrhoea ? int . osborne house . durbar room . day the durbar room be full . the chief member of the Royal Household be there : ponsonby , reid , phipp , Lady churchill , but so be the page , footmen and the maid . the Queen march in to face they . 88 queen victoria I understand there be some concern over my desire on preferment . I understand that feeling have run high and I understand that you have decide to resign rather than withstand my decision . if any one of you would like to tender they resignation it will be accept without any unfortunate consequence — but at least have the decency to do it to my face . if anyone wish to resign , please step forward . she stare at they , absolutely formidable . nervousness . people look at one another . small feint , but no one move . Abdul be watch from the doorway . queen victoria I would like to inform you that I have decide against award any knighthood at this moment . relief all round that she 's come to she sense . queen victoria instead , you will be delighted to know I have decide to make the munshi a Commander of the Royal victorian order as a special token of my personal esteem for he service to the Empire . that will be all . ponsonby be so overcome he have to sit down . the Queen be shaking . she walk through the middle of the crowd who part to observe they customary obsequy . she walk out into the corridor . int . indian corridor . osborne house . day the Queen walk out into the corridor alone . but we see she be falter . Abdul see she and run the whole length of the corridor and catch she in he arm . Dr reid and Mrs tuck arrive . reid push Abdul out of the way to get to the Queen . dr reid satisfied ? reid push Abdul away from the Queen . then suddenly a shake Ahmed arrive . 89 ahmed Dr reid ! Dr reid ! it 's Mr Mohammed ! ext . graveyard . day a devastate Abdul be at mohammea 's funeral . the Queen be with Abdul , Mrs Karim , the mother - in - law and Ahmed . Dr reid and ponsonby stand nearby out of duty to her majesty . reid turn to ponsonby . dr reid one down . Abdul stand by the grave as the other leave . abdul iam sorry , my friend . then Abdul help lead the Queen away . queen victoria we need to talk . ext . carriage . ground of osborne house . day after the funeral . the Queen and Abdul sit in the open carriage . the Queen be wrap up against the cold weather but look very frail . she take Abdul 's hand . queen victoria I think it 's time that you go home , Abdul . abdul this be my home . queen victoria I have be short - sighted and selfish . you be a young man , Abdul . you whole life ahead of you . abdul but , you majesty — queen victoria I can not protect you if I be not here . you must go , Abdul — go with you wife . the vulture be already circle . I do not even think I will see this year out . all this stupid ceremony . what be the point in they , Abdul ? they will kill I . abdul you will live for many more year , you majesty . queen victoria no . Abdul , I be sick and weary . I can hardly see , barely hear . the Empress of half the world and I can not get in and out of my own carriage . abdul I can not leave you . I be you munshi . queen victoria ' you must protect yourself . how could we have be so blind ? forget I , Abdul . you have be a very good friend . abdul they can do what they like , but every day I will come and be at you side as long as I shall live . queen victoria you be a silly fool , Abdul . but I adore you . snow fall all around they . Abdul hold the Queen 's hand . int . corridor . osborne house . day the Queen , now ill , be wheeled along the corridor . int . the same , queen 's bedchamber the Queen be now in bed unconscious , surround by the Household . int . corridor outside queen 's bedchamber . night Abdul be wait outside the door . ponsonby and reid come out look grave . dr reid I think you should inform the kaiser . 91 ext . osborne house . night Wide shot of the house at night . a light shine from a upstairs room . int . the same , corridor Abdul be dutifully stand sentry outside the Queen 's room . ext . osborne house . dawn Wide shot of osborne House . carriage arrive . the kaiser get out . int . corridor . the same the kaiser et al. walk past Abdul into the Queen 's room . the door be close . int . queen 's bedchamber . osborne house . dawn the darken room be full . on one side of the bed be the kaiser , on the other be bertie . they look at the Queen , who appear to be asleep . suddenly she stir . there be a gasp in the room . she open she eye . Dr reid take away the oxygen mask . bertie take she hand . queen victoria Abdul ? bertie it 's I , mummy . and you grandson , wilhelm . the kaiser . she take the kaiser 's hand . queen victoria no fight when I be go . promise I . where be my munshi ? bertie hush . hush . everything be fine . queen victoria but I need my munshi . where be the munshi ? bertie , hurt that he be not enough , give in . 92 bertie bring she the munshi . int . corridor outside queen 's bedchamber . day Abdul be resolutely stand by . dr reid do not you dare upset she . int . queen 's bedchamber . osborne house . day the crowd of dignitary part to let Abdul through . he approach she sadly , and hold she hand . queen victoria Abdul ? abdul yes . I be here . queen victoria I want to talk to the munshi alone . dr reid I think you majesty might . . . queen victoria I say : alone ! int . corridor . the same the kaiser , bertie , the Household et al . all troop into the corridor . int . the queen 's bedchamber . the same the Queen have be propped up with pillow . Abdul kneel by she bedside . Dr reid be discreetly at the back of the room , in the shadow . the Queen take some oxygen then turn to Abdul . queen victoria when I be young I use to long for death . and now when 93 there be nothing to live for I cling on to life with every breath . I be scared , Abdul . abdul do not be scared . Abdul quote a poem in Hindi . then translate it : queen victoria ' listen , little drop , give up yourself without regret and in exchange you will gain the ocean . give yourself away and in the arm of the great Sea be secure . 's the great poet rumi . she squeeze Abdul 's hand . abdul prema puri hai . hama kevala tukare kara rahe haim . ' Love be the whole . we be only piece . 's queen victoria that be very beautiful . you be a teacher , Abdul . abdul everybody know rumi . Allah be the teacher . Love be the whole . prema puri hai . ' we be only piece . hama kevala tukare kara rahe haim . queen victoria ' prema puri hai . hama kevala tukare kara rahe haim , 's alhamdulilah ! I keep think I be fall . abdul fall . everything will be well . you be about to go to a much safer place . queen victoria to the banquet Hall of eternity . 94 abdul yes. Goodbye , my Queen . Abdul be cry . the Queen hold on to Abdul 's hand . queen victoria Goodbye . take care , my sweet son . she start to nod off , Dr reid put he hand on Abdul 's shoulder , clearly move . dr reid let she sleep . int . corridor Abdul emerge still in tear . bertie , the kaiser , the archbishop et al . all look on in pity as Abdul , completely absorb , walk away . they troop back into the Queen 's chamber . int . the queen 's bedchamber everyone have resume they vigil . the junior serve girl yawn at the back . suddenly we realise the Queen 's oxygen bottle stop emit bubbles . bertie have the Queen 's hand . he realise she have die . int . corridor outside queen 's bedchamber Abdul be wait outside . the door open . bertie appear . he look Abdul in the eye with contempt . ext . palace gate . osborne house . day bigge , dress immaculately in black with a top hat , walk to the gate to make a announcement . bigge I grieve to say her majesty pass away at half past six precisely . Long live the King . 95 int . queen 's study . osborne house . day bertie in the darkness of the Queen 's study . he throw open the shutter himself , morning light flood in . he sit at the Queen 's desk — it 's he now . int . queen 's bedchamber . osborne house . day Mrs tuck throw open the curtain as she do at the beginning of the film . the crepuscular room be flood with light . Maids throw off the sheet . the Queen 's body be blanch . int . queen 's study . osborne house . day bertie look down and see on the desk she urdu journal . int . corridor outside queen 's bedchamber Mrs tuck come out of the Queen 's bedchamber . she take Abdul 's hand and lead he into the room . int . queen 's bedchamber the Queen have be transformed into a transcendental vision . we see Abdul transfix by the dead Queen . slowly , with great reverence , he kneel before she . abdul May Allah bless you . he hiss she foot . finally as he raise he head we see he devastate sadness . then he look turn from one of devastate loss to one of ' forebode . int . corridor , osborne house Abdul walk out along the corridor and down the grand staircase . on the sound track we hear the sound of violent bang on a door . voice ( out of shot ) open up in the name of the King ! 96 ext . abdul 's cottage . day Mrs Karim open the front door . suddenly several henchmen appear push she aside as they rush into the house . int . front room , abdul 's cottage . day the henchmen run into the room and start ransake the place . Mrs Karim and she mother in full burga try to prevent they take thing . a henchman go past with a drawer stuff with letter . ext . garden , abdul 's cottage . day the henchmen have make a big pyre of the letter . one henchman pour petrol on and the whole thing go up in flame . bertie look on contentedly , smoking a cigar . Mrs Karim run out . ext . road to abdul 's cottage . day Abdul walk . he look up to see smoke . he hear Mrs Karim scream and he start to run . ext . garden , abdul 's cottage . day a henchman throw on more letter . Mrs Karim , scream , be now be restrain by a henchman . suddenly there be a shout . Abdul come run into the garden . abdul no ! footmen hold back the scream Abdul as the pyre burn . bertie I want you out of here immediately . satisfied , he leave . Mrs Karim take Abdul 's hand . mrs karim they have take everything . 97 she surreptitiously give he something as the pyre burn . he look down . she have give he the locket . he hold it tight . the smoke of the fire obscure everything . int . passenger ferry , solent . misty morning the smoke turn into mist on the solent . we be on a ferry . Abdul and he wife as it pull away from shore . no one recognise Abdul . he open he palm to reveal the Queen 's locket . look back , he disappear into the mist as the boat sail away . int . darkened room , agra . morning as in the beginning of the film , shutter be open on to bright daylight as a muezzin call to prayer . ext . rooftop , agra as before , we see a figure from behind praying . the rooftop of Agra below , the Taj Mahal in the distance . title : abdul return to agra in i9oit ext . street , agra . bright day the bustle of a Agra street . a figure make he way through the chaotic street life as in the open of the film . but this time the figure be slow . we follow he from behind and see he have grey hair . we realise this be Abdul . he make he way determinedly through the city to a park . ext . agra , park Abdul make he way to a statue of Queen Victoria . he kneel . we think he be praying but he kiss the Queen 's foot . abdul good morning , you majesty . 98 Abdul sit on the base of the statue . he look out at the crowd pass by . in he hand we see the locket — the camera slowly crane back . Abdul the faithful retainer have keep he word : he remain loyally with he Queen despite everything . title : he died nine year later we crane above the statue to see the whole vista of Agra . the Taj Mahal glisten in the background . title : india gain independence in 1947 the end . 99