the viking episode 1 written by Michael hirst December 7 , 2011 '' 2011 tm production Limited . all rights reserved . tm production Ltd. ardmore studios bray , co wicklow the viking . episode 1 : rite of passage teaser a young Viking , ragnar lothbrok be engage in a fight to the death with two latvian warrior , distinguishable by they eastern - look clothing . ragnar have be fight a long time . his torso be smear with blood , like he sword , and the body of the dead lie scattered around . the latvian be bigger and heavier but we quickly appreciate ragnar 's weapon skill and speed of think , block the blow of the axe with sword and shield and weaving out of range . we also see that one of the latvian 's be already badly wounded , with blood stream from a wound in he head . ragnar concentrate on he for a moment , thrust , turn he , twist away so the warrior waste he diminish energy slice thin air with he axe and bellow angrily . finally he stumble and ragnar drive he sword into he chest . but at the same moment the second latvian attack from behind , swinging down he axe for a mighty blow . ragnar pivot round , he shield take the full force of the blow , leave the axe-head embed in the wood . aghast , unable to free he weapon , the latvian abandon it and start to run . very calmly , ragnar pull a spear out of the body of one of the dead and hurl it after the run man . spear clean through the back the warrior fall . ragnar , suddenly as weary as death , trudge a few yard up the slope and survey the rest of the battle field . in the gather gloom a eery silence have fall . score of body , hack , mutilate and spear lie on the ground . and everywhere flock of crow and raven flutter down and feast upon the corpse . and there be not one live human thing move over that field of death - except a solitary figure . a tall man with a long cloak and a wide - brimm hat , hold a spear , he move slowly between the body of the Viking dead , seem to note and inspect each one . he be a spectral figure , strange , disturbing , powerful , with raven sometimes perching upon he shoulder ... and ragnar watch he like one transfigure , like one who have come face to face with he god . the tall man pause by one of the Viking dead and point he out with he spear . at that moment the air around appear to shimmer and two or three almost transluscent , almost naked young female valkyries appear and gather the slain warrior into they arm . in great brightness the young woman lift into the liquid air ... and vanish . ragnar watch this miracle in silent awe , then look over again at the tall man . for a brief moment the tall man lift he head , revealing he face beneath the wide - brimm hat . the face be indescribable - except for its single eye , which stare back at ragnar with a pitiless and terrible intensity . and then he be go , as if he have never be , leave ragnar to survey the darken , mysterious scene . end of teaser this word appear on the screen : norway , late 8th century . the wooden and turf house be dark and almost window - less , the room light by tallow candle . from outside come the dull rumble of summer thunder . somewhere in the darkness a woman be breathe heavily and groan . we hear the sound of other women 's voice , low and sibilant , almost chant . a young man - ragnar - fretful and anxious , cross the place where the color war shield be fix to the wall like eye , and look into the chamber where he wife , lagertha , the shield - maiden lie upon they bed give birth , surround by three or four older women , one of they ancient . ancient woman what do you want ? ragnar be not it here yet ? the ancient woman do not bother to respond , spit on the floor and place she hand again on lagertha 's swollen stomach and resume she low , strange chant . one of the other mid - wive speak more kindly . mid -wife not yet , ragnar . go away and do something useful . outside the storm break , the thunder louder and rain hiss on the ground . ragnar move away , into another chamber , and crouch down beside a small wooden statue set in a niche beside the fire , very crudely carve from a piece of wood : a statue of a nude female figure , wear just a necklace , with large breast . ragnar pick it up . ragnar freya , make everything go well today . make sure lagertha life , and be deliver of a healthy child . a beat . the thunder crack again . then ragnar shrug and put the figure down . ragnar ( cont ’d ) I know you can not really change anything . ancient woman v.o . it 's time . ragnar hurry back through . his wife 's leg be spread wide open and something be emerge between they : a head , with a halo of bright hair . the ancient woman continue she sing - song chant and the young woman help with the birth , one of they hold the baby 's head as the rest of its body slither out in a abrupt rush of blood and afterbirth ... and ragnar gasp at the wonder of it . stare at the bloody bundle even as they cut the chord and begin to wash it . ragnar what be it ? lagertha ( with a laugh ) it 's a boy . ragnar how do you know ? lagertha what be you talk about ? do not I promise you a son ? ragnar look at the ancient woman . ragnar be it a boy ? ancient woman look for yourself , ragnar lothbrok . ragnar look . satisfy himself . lagertha give he here . I have enough milk for a herd of boy . the baby be lift to she breast , where it suckle . ext . viking settlement - day ragnar emerge from he house carry the baby , wrap in a blanket . the storm have pass . the wood and turf building be one of several in the small hamlet perch on the edge of a deep fjord . it 's a vision of stillness and utter tranquillity . the thickly wood slope of the fyord drop down sheer to the water , and above they the bare rock be still cap with snow . the whole landscape have a strange , magical luminosity - a heighten , almost unnatural beauty . ragnar take he son to the water 's edge and hold he out in he arm , like a offer . ragnar look odin . look , I have a son . thank you , lord . thank you for my son . we move in close on the baby 's face - then the camera tilt up towards the sky . and suddenly the sky begin to darken ... ext . the heavens darkness - and out of the darkness a noise like no other , of horn and hoof and the shrill cry of bird and the roaring of man and woman . and over the dark field , fringe with fire , high in the darkle sky fly a tumultuous host : thousand of Viking warrior and valkyry pack together and riding plunging horse , armed with spear and sword , and half - naked shield - maiden with bow and shield , sweeping across the heaven in a wild hunt amidst thick flock of wheeling raven . and in the midst of this vast ghostly army the huge figure of odin , the god of dead warrior , lord of valhalla , riding he eight - legge horse sleipnir , carry he spear , two raven perch on he shoulder , he cloak stream out behind he , he single - eye surveying this great , ecstatic , thunder host of the rise dead . int . house - night Winter . the ember of the fire still glow in the centre of the floor . we be close again on the baby 's face ... as he sleep in the crook of ragnar 's arm . ragnar be awake , stare up into the darkness and the play of shadow across the rafter , a look of profound awe upon he face . ext . house - day now everything be in the fierce grip of the deep winter . icy wind blast across the fjord , heaping the water into wild , foam wave , and the mountain above be thick with snow . even at mid-day the sky be almost dark , like a perpetual twilight . but through this dark desolation a solitary figure can be see , a black smudge against the snow , wrap in fur against the icy wind , struggle towards the hamlet . int . house - day lagertha play with she two child . her son bjorn be about ten and daughter gyda about eight year old . ragnar appear , gesture to she . ragnar come . ragnar lead lagertha into the main room . ragnar ( cont ’d ) here be the man I tell you of , lagertha . he indicate the figure stand beside the fire : a tall man of uncertain age , he craggy face heavily line , he hair and beard both long and matte , as if he journey have be long and arduous . lagertha welcome , stranger , to we house . the strange man bow a little . lagertha pour a drink of sweet , strong mead and hand it to he . the stranger empty the cup . lagertha ( cont ’d ) sit by the fire , warm yourself . the stranger nod again , and sit , ragnar and lagertha do likewise . ragnar this man be a wanderer . he have be on a boat that travel to the west . this be clearly a shock to lagertha . she stare at the man . lagertha be it true ? once more the stranger nod , but do not reply . lagertha suddenly realize that he be glance towards he cup , and she quickly re-fill it . and once more he empty it , then belch , and wipe he hand over he mouth . wanderer we sail north up the coast , to the rock formation which look like a skull . and then , when we be out in the open sea , we turn due west . and I be frighten . lagertha what happen to you ? where do you get to ? behind she , we see bjorn and gyda peek into the room , and listen . wanderer after two day and night we see land . someone say it be a land call England , for they have be there before . but I do not know if it 's true . I be only tell that in this land there be great treasure . we go ashore , find a big house there , and take some thing from it . from he bundle of discard fur he retrieve a object : a small but very beautiful ivory crucifix . wanderer ( cont ’d ) in England , they worship a strange god call Jesus Christ . they say he die in a tree . ragnar like odin . only odin come back to life . lagertha examine the glitter prize . ragnar ( cont 'd ) tell we how you cross the open ocean - once you lose sight of land ? how do you know you be sailing west , not north or south ? wanderer we have a board . it belong to a swede . lagertha a board ? what kind of board ...? wanderer a sun-shadow board . here be one . again he reach into the thick pile of animal fur and this time produce a '' solskuggerfol '' board . it be a smallish wooden board with a pin or gnomon in the centre ( which can be adjust up or down ) and with circle draw around the pin . wanderer ( cont ’d ) to show you how it work , I need to float it in a tub of water . ragnar go off to fetch one . once more the wanderer look at he empty cup , and once more lagertha re-fill it . and once more he empty the cup in one gulp . outside the wind blast against the house and make the candle inside flutter and almost gutter . ragnar return with the tub of water and the wanderer place the board in the water , where it float . then he take a candle . wanderer ( cont ’d ) this candle be the sun . he hold the candle over the board . wanderer ( cont ’d ) each day the sun rise , and climb in the sky until noon . ( he arc the candle across the board - the shadow shorten ) see how the shadow shorten . at noon it will be at its shortest as the sun be at its zenith . ragnar but this only tell I how far south I have travel - wanderer now listen . the day before you sail , mark a circle around the pointer on the board at the place where the shadow be shortest at noon . the next day at sea , place the board in water again around noon and watch for the shadow . if it only touch the circle , you course remain true . if the shadow pass outside the circle , like this , you have drift and must steer further south . if the shadow never reach the circle you be to the south and must steer more north . keep the noon shadow on the circle and you course will be true . ragnar and lagertha stare at the board and the shadow as it move across it . lagertha be it really true , wanderer , that you cross the ocean use only this ... this child 's toy ? wanderer yes , I swear to you . I swear on my sacred ring . of course , we also use raven to show how far we might be from land , but the board take we across the open sea . lagertha I can not believe it . ragnar look at she . ragnar but if it 's true , lagertha , just imagine ! in just two day and night we can reach the coast of England . we can find out for ourselves if what people have say be there really be there : rich land , building make of stone , place fill with treasure . do not you want to go and find out ? I do . a long beat . lagertha look at the board , then at the wanderer . then she blow out the candle , plunging the board into darkness . ragnar ( cont 'd ) why do you do that ? lagertha because there be something I want to know . I want to know what happen if there be no sun ? how can the board help you then ? how can you find you way . wanderer you use this . he hold something out in he hand , but they can not see what it be . ragnar bring another candle closer - and it shine upon a piece of semi-transluscent rock ( actually a form of calcite ) . ragnar what 's that ? wanderer a sunstone . lagertha what good be it ? the wanderer smile . wanderer I ' 1l show you . come outside . ragnar lead they outside . 10 . ext . house - day they look up at the sky - even now , around noon , it 's a leaden grey , with no sign of the sun . wanderer watch . he hold up the sunstone . a beat . ( the calcite work by polarize light ) . the sunstone glow faintly , and a equally faint beam seem to bounce back from it and illuminate a spot in the sky , behind the thick cloud . wanderer ( cont ’d ) you see ? there be the sun . it seem like a miracle . neither ragnar nor lagertha can speak as they bear witness to it . ext . settlement - spring - day time have pass . watched by she ten-year old daughter gyda , lagertha draw water from the well . despite she reputation as a shield - maiden , lagertha remain a slim , slight figure , with long braid hair . it 's still cold enough for she breath to steam , but the icy blast of winter be over and the landscape breathes and green . as she carry the bucket back towards the house we see various animal in timbere pen , for this be a work farm . and down by the water , a couple of small wooden boat . two large and hairy hunt dog shamble around the yard . lagertha look over at a neighbor property , where the householder be leave , riding a small , wiry horse up the steep trail behind the house . glance back at she daughter . lagertha gyda , feed the goat . 11 . int . ragnar 's house - day lagertha , carry the bucket inside , find ragnar put a thick woollen coat over the shoulder of he son , bjorn , now twelve year old , and a handsome , strong - look youth . lagertha stop and look at they . lagertha what be you two do ? ragnar I be take bjorn to the thing . lagertha not yet . he 's not old enough . ragnar he 's twelve year old . lagertha take he next year . next year be soon enough . ragnar smile at she . ragnar he 'il need a silk ribbon . int . house - evening bjorn '' spy '' on he mother as lagertha wash she long blonde hair in the tub of water . the water seem to flow in slow motion from the end of she hair like mercury as she kneel over the tub . his eye be full of love for she . bjorn ( quietly ) mother . lagertha look up , flick back she hair so she can see he , and smile tenderly . int . bedchamber - house - night ragnar and lagertha in bed together , cradle close after love - make . she stare into he eye . 12. lagertha do not sleep with too many woman in kattegat . ragnar be you crazy ? I will not sleep with any of they . I do not want to . I can do without it for a few week . lagertha be that another way of say you love I ? she tease he . ragnar I always dream of you . last night I dreamt you be feed I blood pudding . lagertha what do that mean ? ragnar it mean you be give I you heart . and they close in , and kiss passionately . ragnar ( cont 'd ) I love you so much I could feed you the whole sky . ext . yard - house - day Father and son be ready to depart on they small , tough horse , both wear heavy woollen coat , tight leather trousers , cloak and leather boot . lagertha and gyda bring out some food for the journey , put it into they saddle - bag . bjorn kiss gyda . bjorn Goodbye , little sister . gyda Goodbye , big brother . do not get drunk . 13. lagertha wait . I have something for both of you . she take out two thin strip of color ribbon , and tie one around bjorn 's head and the other around she husband 's . lagertha ( cont ’d ) there . now everyone will know you be free man on you way to the thing . ragnar kiss she . ragnar Goodbye my shield - maiden . lagertha look after you son - and when you come back , just tell I the truth . I do not care about anything else . and then she and she daughter watch ragnar and bjorn set off up the rough trail towards the tree , accompany by one of the hunt dog , ragnar armed with a spear , a sword and knife and bjorn with he hunt knife . bjorn look back once , and raise he arm in farewell , and then they be swallow up into the tree . ext . track - day they ride slowly on together through a landscape of forest , scrub and rock . there be no - one else in sight , no farm or dwelling , for the rocky earth here be clearly unfit for agriculture or ploughing . be even too barren for sheep . there be sign of spring everywhere , however , the tree a brighter green , the gorse in flower . bjorn what will happen at the thing ? ragnar Earl haraldson will deal , as usual , with some criminal offence that have happen since the last meeting . and then everyone will discuss the summer raid . bjorn where will you go ? 14 . there 's a long beat . ragnar glance at he son , then away again , with a shrug . ragnar it 's not up to I . Earl haraldson decide . I wish it be not so ... but that be the law . but bjorn can see that the question have affect he father 's mood . they splash through a stream . ragnar ( cont ’d ) all the ice have go . spring be here again , thanks to frey . ext . camp - night they have campe in the open . a fire be burn and they have cook some small animal over it and eat it . the dog gnaw at the bone . bjorn there 's something I want to ask you . ragnar then ask I . bjorn how do you meet mother ? ragnar 's smile . ragnar have not she ever tell you ? bjorn of course . but I want to know if you story be the same as hers . a beat . ragnar well , it occur when a swedish chieftan invade we part of Norway . I go off to fight he and many of the local woman dress up in man 's clothing and join we camp . lagertha be amongst they . ( more ) 15 . ragnar ( cont 'd ) I be impressed by she courage and court she from afar . bjorn how far be that ? ragnar hush . listen . after a while I go to confess my love for she - but when I arrive I be set upon by a bear and a enormous hound who guard she home . I kill the bear with my spear and manage to strangle the hound with my bare hand . ( beat ) and that 's the way I gain she hand in marriage . ( glance at he son ) what do she tell you ? bjorn smile , then lie down , pull the blanket over himself . ragnar ( cont 'd ) do she tell you the same story ? a long beat . bjorn just about . and he close he eye , still smile . ext . kattegat - day they ride into kattegat , a sizeable town and a trading station , set on the bank of a river . it 's a busy place with open cart and cover wagon , horse and boat bring people and goods to the local market , as well as delegate to the thing , wear ribbon around they forehead . at the market place , trader - several of they of Arabic appearance , and dress in totally different costume - be examine the pelt , fur , rope and bear-skin for sale . the arab be also examine the handful of slave for sale , most of slavic appearance , check they tooth , hair and nail , as if they be horse . there be a lot of good - humor banter and loud haggling . all of this bjorn have clearly see before , and be not faze by . 16 . but then a large group of young men , clearly drunk , come swagger through the market place , shouting out insult to the trader and laugh , grab at the pelt and fur , create a disturbance . the trader reclaim they goods and drive they away , angrily . ragnar watch the incident with a heavy heart . bjorn who be they ? ragnar Young man with nothing better to do . this day they regard the old way , of trading and farming , as too tame . they think it 's stupid to acquire by sweat and toil what they can easily win by blood . bjorn blood ? ragnar in battle . ( beat ) it 's a real problem . there seem to be more and more of they every year . and it 's a great waste . that young man be we future . someone should harness they strength and they anger . they move on . then a great bear of a man step out before they horse , grab the bridle and laugh . bear man ragnar lothbrok ! ragnar and bjorn dismount . ragnar embrace he . bear man ( cont ’d ) do my eye deceive I ? be this you son ? how he 's grow ! ragnar bjorn , this be you uncle rollo . we sail in the same boat . bjorn uncle . rollo look he up and down . 17. rollo so you be here for the thing ? you be a real man now . let 's have a drink . int . tavern - evening a long gloomy room , with a fire in the centre and bench arrange on either side . the man drink ale from horn cup . rollo watch bjorn sip from he horn , and laugh . rollo you will not get drunk like that . bjorn smile uneasily , then tip back the horn and drink deeply . rollo ( cont ’d ) be you ready for a woman ? there be some good - look woman in kattegat . and they be free . ragnar of course he be not . he can not even grow a beard . rollo laugh again , empty he horn , and hold it out to be refill by a woman with a jug . he stare at she wolfishly . rollo so - where do you think he 'il send we this year ? ragnar probably to the eastland again - the same as last year . the same as always . rollo that bastard up there be as poor as we be . what do they have leave to give we ? ragnar only themselves . a beat . he glance round , lower he voice . 18 . ragnar ( cont 'd ) we should go west . I have hear such tale , rollo . great town , city and treasure ; horde of gold and silver . and a new god . rollo I have hear that storey too . but what do it mean ? we can not sail across a open ocean . a beat . ragnar glance carefully at bjorn , who have fall asleep on he thigh . lower he voice again , despite the loud , drunken voice around he . ragnar we can . I believe there 's a way . rollo look at he . then ragnar pick up he son . rollo where be you go ? ragnar to sleep . rollo I do not understand you , ragnar lothbrok , everyone else come here to get drunk in the company of good friend and to fuck beautiful woman . ragnar smile . ragnar i’1l see you in the great Hall . he carry he son away . int . ragnar 's house - night outside , a cold wind whip across the water of the fjord . lagertha settles she daughter to sleep , tell she a story . lagertha the giantess open she rotting cavernous mouth and yawn . '' go away ! '' she say . '' I want to sleep again . ( more ) 19 . lagertha ( cont 'd ) I be not do you any more favor . '' she give freya a wither look . '' my noble goddess , '' she say , '' you leap around at night like heidrun cavort with a herd of goat . '' gyda , warm beneath a bear skin , smile sleepily . a beat . gyda go on ! lagertha freya slowly raise she arm - like this ! ( raise she own arm ) '' I will girdle you with flame so you can not leave this place without catch fire . '' hyndla laugh . '' you have go run to od , who always love you ; and many another have worm he way under you apron . '' she pause , check the girl again ... whose eye be now close . she be nearly asleep . lagertha ( cont ’d ) ( more quietly ) there be fire in asgard , dance in the air . a band of flame , a quivering halo , surround the giantess . her limb tightened ; she press she arm against she side . '' flame about I , '' she cry . '' the earth be on fire , and I must pay the full price or forfeit my life . '' she stop , listen for a moment to the sound of she daughter 's easy breathe . then lean down , kiss she forehead , and pull the bear skin up to she neck . lagertha move through to the other chamber . the fire ( in the centre of the room ) be die down . but its flicker flame illuminate the war shield hang from hook on the wall . she stare at they - and then unhook one , and hold it to herself ... as if remember all the time she use it , in the heat of battle . now she stand proud with it , in the empty room , with only the crackle of the log and the moan of the wind . 20 . int . great hall - day a large and impressive chamber with a lattice of high beam and some wall covering . it 's crowded . on a raise dais at one end , sit on a carve chair , be earl haraldson , late forty and still a formidable - look warrior , dress in wide trousers and fur-trimmed coat . the Earl be flanke by some of he housecarls - he private , elite bodyguard - by slave and several ( mostly male ) member of he family . his strike wife wear a sleeveless dress which reach to the ground , and over it a sleeveless cape which be throw back , revealing the whiteness of she arm . she be adorn with necklace and oval brooches . fill the rest of the hall , and oblige to stand , be freemen like ragnar and rollo . in the small space between they a rather pathetic figure be stand , shifting from one foot to the other , he eye downcast . he 's almost a figure of fun and everyone be grin at he . earl haraldson olaf anwend ... olaf yes , sir . earl haraldson you have plead guilty to the charge of steal . tomorrow you will run a gauntlet of stone and turf as punishment . olaf yes , lord . thank you , lord . earl haraldson do not thank I . and let it be know that a fine be to be pay by anyone who fail to throw something . there 's laughter - as olaf be lead away . bjorn try he best to peer through the man block he view of event . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) bring in the next accuse . bjorn actually catch a glimpse of the young man bring into the hall in chain by the housecarl . the young man have a pleasant expression , keep he head high and do not avert he eye . 21 . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) Eric trygvasson , you be accuse of the murder of sigvald strut this January . how do you plead ? trygvasson it be not murder , lord . I kill he in self - defence . it be he who attack I . woman ( shouting ) liar ! the woman be part of the dead man 's family , stand in a group close to the defendant . earl haraldson if it be not murder , why do you not declare you crime to the first person you meet afterwards , as the law oblige ? in fact , you pass by several house before you report it . trygvasson look over at the woman and the dead man 's family . trygvasson I ... I think the relative of the dead man might be live in they . earl haraldson the law allow you to pass two house in such circumstance - but never a third . family member you feel guilty . you go to he house and murder my brother in cold blood . Fresh uproar . bjorn struggle to keep a eye-line on the accuse . ragnar notice , lift he up . trygvasson it 's not true . we argue about some land . he pull out a knife ... woman you be lie ! you want that land for yourself . you be a liar and a coward . 22 . trygvasson who say I be a coward ? I be no coward . more people join in the shouting . the Earl bang he fist on the table . earl haraldson silence ! all of you - show some respect . they fall silent . Earl haraldson look at trygvasson . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) as the normal procedure be not follow , this kill cannot be aton for by compensate the victim 's family . the family shout they approval , raise they fist aggressively towards the defendant . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) murder be a dishonorable act among we people , Eric trygvasson , commit in secret , unacknowledged and very likely to set in train a cycle of revenge killing , which would also involve you own family . he look up at the assembly . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) I ask all of you how you find the accuse . if you think he guilty , raise you arm . you decision must be unanimous . quickly , everyone raise they hand . but the Earl hesitates , for someone have not . ragnar realize who it be and squeeze bjorn 's thigh . bjorn raise he hand . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) Eric trygvasson , you have be find guilty of murder . how would you like to die ? a beat . trygvasson look round the room in that same cool way , as if he be above it all . trygvasson by behead , lord . 23 . earl haraldson grant . you execution will take place tomorrow . and afterwards we shall feast and discuss the summer raid . ext . kattegat - day to jeer and shout , olaf anwend run the gauntlet of stone and turf . he stagger down the line of people , woman as well as man , throw the missile at he . bjorn watch with ragnar , at first enjoy the comic aspect of the scene - then wince slightly as olaf be strike by stone after stone , stagger , and start to bleed . ragnar offer the boy a stone . bjorn look uncertain . ragnar you have to . a beat . ragnar turn and throw the stone himself at anwend , hit he leg . anwend struggle on , everyone still enjoy the comedic aspect . with a laugh rollo throw a large rock at anwend , which hit he head and make he cry out with pain . bjorn grab a handful of turf and throw it , miss easily and deliberately . bleed heavily , but alive , anwend crawl the last few yard to the end of the line , where with renew hilarity a bucket of cold water be pour over he bleed head , and he emerge - grin like a madman . then Earl haraldson and he entourage appear , the housecarl bring Eric trygvasson to he execution . trygvasson 's hand , unlike at the trial , be now unbound , and he walk resolutely up to the wooden block on which he will be decapitate . he smile at the crowd gather around he , and acknowledge the dead man 's family . bjorn why be he smile , father ? ragnar he want to die well , of course , without fear . to atone for he sin . 24 , bjorn look puzzle . rollo cattle die , kinsfolk die , we ourselves must die . but one thing I know will never die - a dead man 's reputation . remember that , young bjorn . trygvasson kneel on the grass and put he head on the stone . a housecarl with a axe approach , first lay the blade of the axe flat on he head , then present the blade for he to kiss . trygvasson kiss the blade eagerly , and almost tenderly . bjorn turn he head away . ragnar you must watch - for he sake . this be he only hope of reach valhalla . bjorn force himself to watch . the axe fall , strike off trygvasson 's head , which roll away into the grass . Earl haraldson pick up the head and contemptuously toss it to the dead man 's family . earl haraldson here . feed it to you pig . I curse he . May he never enter valhalla . ragnar look shocked . he 's not the only one . bjorn why do he do that ? ragnar I do not know . he should not have do . not accord to we law . he must have want that land himself . and he exchange a meaningful glance with rollo . ext . boat - day the oar of a small boat slice cleanly into the water of the fyord . bjorn stare down silently into the water , but the reflection on its surface make it seem like the mountain be in the water . 25 . ragnar row , keep close to the shore , beneath the lee of the overhange cliff and slope of scree which fall sheer to the fyord . bjorn drop a smooth round pebble into the water and watch it drop and drop , deeper and deeper into the clear depth . bjorn watch he father row . bjorn now where be we go , father ? ragnar to visit a friend . bjorn a friend ? what 's he name ? ragnar his name be floki . bjorn stare at the high , snow - cap hill , the great , almost overwhelming beauty of it . bjorn like loki , the god ? ragnar yes , like loki . only ... different . bjorn how be he different ? ragnar well ... ( think ) he 's not a god . bjorn laugh . bjorn why do not he come to the thing ? a long beat . oar slice through the deep still water . one could well imagine that the god be here , among this unnaturally beautiful , silent place . ragnar because he 's ... because he 's shy . CUT to : 26 . ext . BAY - day they have pull the boat onto a narrow beach in a hide bay . there 's no sign of habitation . they walk up a steep path through the tree . when a figure leap out at they , wear a fierce mask , and with a hideous screech . bjorn be shocked ... but still calm enough to draw out he hunt knife . ragnar laugh . ragnar it 's all right . put you knife away . ( beat ) floki , meet my son . bjorn ... this be my dear friend floki . floki rip off he mask , and grin . he have a strange , mischievous , almost ageless face , ugly but animated , with bright , pierce eye . floki hello . how be you ? bjorn well , thank you ... sir. floki stare at he face . floki let I see . you have you father 's eye - unfortunately . ragnar why unfortunately ? floki it mean he will be like you . and therefore he will want to do better than you . and you will hate he for it . ragnar he 's only twelve year old . 27 . bjorn how can you tell that by just look at my face ? floki it 's the same with tree . bjorn with tree ? floki yes . I can tell which tree will make the best plank just by look at they . I can look inside the tree . ragnar floki be a boat-builder . bjorn stare around at the deeply - forest hill they be on . bjorn so - you could tell which of this tree would make the best plank for a ship ? floki grin ... then abruptly walk off the path , and into the tree . they follow he . for they Pov - and from ours - all the tree look the same , virtually identical . but floki stare at they with a strange , bewitch intensity .... touch the trunk of some of they , lay he cheek against the bark , stare up at the uppermost branch . whatever amusement bjorn might derive from see a man stare at tree be quickly confound by the aura of spiritual intensity which surround floki . he 's no ordinary mortal . it 's not possible to laugh at the way he examine the bark of tress , or caress they , or simply just look at they . floki be different . strange but compelling . authentic . floki ( suddenly ) this be one . he indicate a tree - to the other , just like the rest of the tree ... and yet . floki stroke the trunk . 28 . floki ( cont ’d ) Inside this tree be two almost perfect plank . they will bend , then curve , like a woman 's body , from the thigh to the back . when I split the tree I will find they . he mark the tree with a couple of blow from he axe . bjorn laugh . bjorn you can see that ? floki do you think I be joke ? I joke about many thing , son of ragnar , but never about ship-build . we boat be we soul . bjorn look abash - embarrassed . ragnar so - how be we boat ? floki look back at he . and grin . floki ah ... CUT to : int . boat - yard - day a secret , turf - cover shed close by the edge of the water . gloomy - but slightly '' religious '' in the way the space be light by tallow candle . watched by ragnar and bjorn , floki uncover the skeleton of a a new boat . it 's still in a rudimentary shape , its spar naked . even so , ragnar be immediately entrance . floki what do you think , ragnar lothrok ? ragnar it 's bigger ! the hull 's deeper . 29 . floki yes , but it will be lighter and faster than before , and carry a much bigger sail . the construction be different . it 's build with a strong central plank . the two strake above it be nail directly onto the knee of the frame . but the one below - look ! - be cleate and lash onto the frame , not nail , so they can move in relation to each other . this mean the boat will not butt against the wave like a goat , but move over they like a ripple . ragnar continue to study the boat . meanwhile , bjorn study floki 's tool with all the fascination they exert upon a young boy 's mind . plane , spoon - shape bore , small axe and rivet . and then , almost with a shock , he see the small , strange figure hunch in the shadow , wear a conical hat and grin . it 's a wooden statue of the god loki and the grin be not pleasant , but wick and somehow disturbing . bjorn move quickly away . ragnar why have you cut the oarport into the sheerstrake ? floki it make it easier to row , and the port can be close when the boat be at sea . ragnar you think this boat could handle long sea voyage ? floki that 's why I build it . ragnar and it will be strong enough ? floki shrug . floki we will not know that until we try . ragnar look at he . 30 . ragnar when will it be ready ? floki ah , as to that ... ragnar what ? floki we be out of money . we have to pay for the sail ... and then the anchor . you know what that blacksmith be like ! such greedy bastard . a beat . ragnar reluctantly bring out a leather pouch . ragnar this be almost all I have leave from last summer 's raid . floki take the pouch , with a grin . floki do not worry , ragnar lothbrok . we 'il soon be as rich as dwarve ! and he laugh . int . great hall - evening great trestle have be set up and the freemen sit around they , drink and ready to feast . Music be play . Earl haraldson , with he wife and family member , sit at high table . there be much laughter in the hall . then a horn be sound - for silence . earl haraldson before we feast , we have a important ceremony to perform . two young man have join we for the first time and must receive they arm-ring . olaf the son of ingolf and bjorn son of ragnar lothbrok . both of you come up here . bjorn and the other young man approach the high table . the Earl walk round to the front of the dais ... and draw he sword . 31 . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) kneel . they both kneel . a housecarl slip two ornate bracelet of twisted silver , the clasp fashioned as animal head , onto the blade . Earl haraldson hold the blade close to the young man 's face . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) this ring symbolize you come of age - and they also bind you in loyalty to I , you chieftan . any oath you swear upon you ring , you must honor and keep , or else lose you honor . do you understand and do you swear so ? boy yes , lord . earl haraldson and you freely recognize you fealty to I ? boy yes , lord . earl haraldson then take you ring . the boy take they ring from the point of the sword and clasp they around they arm . ragnar look on proudly . then see that haraldson be stare at he . but the moment be lose as the freemen shout out they approval , bang they fist on the table as the boy return , embarrassed but delighted , to they seat . ragnar let I look ! ah - it 's a fine ring . never lose it , my son , or something dreadful will happen to you . bjorn I will not father . earl haraldson now let 's feast . ragnar suddenly stand up . ragnar my lord ... we all want to feast : but we also want to know where we will be raid this summer . earl haraldson can not it wait ? rollo no , tell we . we be anxious to know . we have a right to know . a beat . the hall have fall silent . earl haraldson very well . then we shall go raid to the east again , into the eastland , into rus ... ragnar every year we do the same thing . we raid people who have nothing more than we have . we have a hard life , and they have a hard life - but we take from they even the few thing which they have . but , lord , we have a alternative ... a choice ... another journey ... 32 . there be a groundswell of noise ... of some disagreement . the Earl be alive to it . earl haraldson oh yes , I too have hear the rumor . I hear that if we sail west , across the open , fathomless ocean , we shall somehow come to land far richer and more plentiful . yes , I have hear that storey . but I tell you now that I will not risk my ship or my reputation on wild , speculative and unrealistic vision . ( beat ) I pay for the ship . therefore they go where I tell they to go , and that be the end of the matter . ( beat ) now let 's feast . he clap he hand ... and the feast be bring in . ragnar look at rollo , who shrug . 33 . then a housecarl approach they table . the housecarl have a livid scar which run from the corner of he mouth up he cheek to he eye . housecarl ragnar lothbrok , Earl haraldson want to speak with you in private . ragnar nod , glance reassuringly at bjorn , follow the housecarl behind the dais , into a small chamber . int . chamber - evening haraldson be flanke by several of he heavily - armed housecarls . it 's a intimidating atmosphere . earl haraldson ragnar lothbrok ... ragnar yes , lord . earl haraldson be you hungry ? a beat . ragnar yes , lord . earl haraldson you want to feast in my hall ? you want to sail in my ship ? what else do you want of I ? ragnar Lord , I - haraldson slam he fist onto the table . the housecarl close around he . earl haraldson I know you question my rule . I know you have big idea . but you should keep they to yourself , ragnar lothbrok . what be you ? you be a farmer . remember that . you be just a lowly farmer . and you owe obedience and rent to I . ( beat ) I warn you . ( more ) 34 . earl haraldson ( cont 'd ) if you dare to stick you nose in my face , I will kill you . he stare at ragnar . CUT to : ext . kattegat - night ragnar lead he sleepy son by the hand through the dark settlement . bjorn trip over something , yowl . dog bark . bjorn where be we go now ? ragnar just to a place . just to see someone . bjorn what place ? to see who ? ( beat ) I be so tired . ragnar see a lamp set outside a low door . ragnar here it be . wake up . he find the door open , push he son inside , follow . int . house / hut - night a few low tallow candle , otherwise darkness . the shape of thing . a long beat . bjorn I be frighten . ragnar grasp he wrist . then there 's the sound of a voice , ancient , unsex . voice why do not you come in ? I be wait . ragnar encourage he son to push aside the curtain wall , and go inside . 35 . the ancient seer be sit in the dark . a old man or woman , with withere dug , sightless , white - eye . probably a old woman , it 's actually impossible to tell . but there 's a strange and powerful aura about the figure which make bjorn instinctively recoil . before she be a bowl of dry brown shrivel mushroom . she reach out gnarled finger and chew one . ancient woman what do you want ? ragnar I want to know what the god have in store . ancient woman for you - or for you son ? ragnar I be more interested in myself . the ancient hag chuckle . ancient woman the god desire you to have a great future . I see that . but they can withdraw they goodwill at any time . ragnar to have this great future , must I challenge the law ? this seem to be the nub of it . there 's a pause . the ancient one reach out and touch he face and she sightless eye peer into he . ancient woman it be always possible for a man to shape he own fate . you must convince the god to alter the rune , so they work in you favor . but the law of man be far below the working and shaping of the god . ragnar so I should take the law of man into my own hand ? silence . 36 . ragnar ( cont 'd ) you will not answer I ! ancient woman you already have you answer . ragnar no I do not . I do not have the real answer . ancient woman then go and ask the god themselves . what be you afraid of ? look at she . ragnar ( quietly ) who be not afraid of the god ? the old hag grin . look sightlessly at bjorn . ancient woman I say only this to you : beware of you son . ragnar my son ? I have only one son . ancient woman I see more . ragnar why should I beware of they ? the ancient stare at ragnar again with she white , blind eye - and will not answer . turn instead and stare , sightlessly , at bjorn , who be afraid of she , look away . ancient woman look at I , child . bjorn steel himself to look back at she . after a few moment , she nod . ancient woman ( cont ’d ) I think you son be ready . take he up to the temple . let he also see the god and , if he wish , speak to they . that 's all I can tell you . 37 . ragnar you have not help I at all , old woman . a long beat . ancient woman perhaps you ask the wrong question . in any case , sometimes you should not try to forsee you fate , for it be best not to know it . ext . landscape - day ragnar and bjorn ride they small horse inland , up the side of the mountain . it 's a hard trek . the landscape be harsh and dramatic with huge rock formation and boulder scattered across it . bjorn this look like a place where the giant might live . ragnar smile . ragnar you know very well that the giant dwell in utgard , in the outer place . and between midgard , where we live , and utgard there be a great sea . bjorn not we sea ? ragnar a bigger sea than that . and the midgard serpent encircle it and hold the sea in . bjorn do not the giant ever come here , into we world ? ragnar they try to . they be shapeshifter . they can appear disguise as anything . but the god look after we . ( more ) 38 . ragnar ( cont 'd ) they be forever watch out , in case the giant try to cross the sea and bring they chaos with they . bjorn and the dwarve help too ? ragnar yes , you can not always trust they of course - but they be a help to the god sometimes . they bind fenrir the wolf , so he can not escape and swallow the sun . bjorn if fennir be so big and strong , how do they bind he ...? ragnar with thing you can not see or hear : like the breath of a fish ; the sound a cat make when it 's walk , and the root of a mountain . bjorn nod , satisfied with the explanation . take it in . bjorn I be hungry . ragnar then we must catch something . ext . river - twilight they stand up to they knee in the cold flow water , both with spear raise . they wait , and wait ... and then both plunge they spear into the water . bjorn extract a fish on the point of he spear , still flap . he grin . ext . ragnar 's farm - day lagertha be milk the goat in the milk shed . one of the goat 's be give she trouble . she try to coax it gently . then gyda come rush in , look frighten . 39 . gyda mother . she glance over she shoulder . lagertha understand that something be wrong . lagertha ( to gyda ) stay here . she walk outside . ext . yard - house - day two young men - just like the young man who rain riot through the town , be stand arrogantly in the yard . they be armed . lagertha what do you want ? first young man where 's you husband , woman ? lagertha he 's at the thing - where you should be . you be old enough . second young man do not taunt we , woman . we know you be alone here . all the man be go . lagertha if you be thirsty I will give you a drink . if you be hungry I will feed you . otherwise you must go . first young man we will eat and drink after we have satisfied we other need . let 's go into you house . by way of a threat , he touch the axe head in he belt . a beat . then lagertha nod . lagertha all right . ( look over she shoulder ) stay in the shed , gyda . do as I say . 40 . she lead the way into the house . int . house - day the young man feel frisky , cocky . they laugh , nudge each other . second young man where 's you softest bed ? a beat . lagertha in here . she lead they into the shield room . spring forward , she snatch a shield from the wall . they take the axe from they belt . first young man we do not want to kill you , woman . lagertha you could not kill I if you try for a hundred year . she swoops into a secret place , and pull out a sword . now she be a shield - maiden again . her eye have harden . she be change . for the first time , the two young man be not so sure . second young man before you try anything , think about you daughter . lagertha I be think about my daughter . now you will leave my house or I will gut you like fish and cook you entrail . she attack they with frightening speed . no sooner have the first young man raise he axe than she have shear off the handle with she blade . she slashes at the second young man - once , rip he clothes open , and a second time slashing the side of he face . he scream . his blood splashes on the floor . 41 . lagertha fix she attention on the first , now unarm young man ... who lose he nerve and bolt for it . his companion , bleed copiously , bolt after he . lagertha take a moment to compose herself - then hurry outside . int . shed - day gyda be hide among the goat . lagertha take she into she arm . gyda have they go ? lagertha yes , they have go . gyda what do they want ? lagertha they be traveller . they be thirsty , that 's all . ( beat ) shall we go on milk the goat ? ext . plain above kattegat - day they ride up , through the thinning line of tree , to the edge of the plain . and stop . a majestic but also strange sight greet they . in the distance be the golden dome of the temple . it 's surround on three side by a grove of tree which be remarkable , even at this distance , because there be very few other tree on this high plateau . but dot around there be some large earth mound , clearly man-made ; burial mound , but now cover in grass . and also huge pile of stone . bjorn know what they be and do not have to ask . the whole vista be strange , haunt . ragnar there it be . 42 . ext . tree - day they ride towards the temple , between the tree . there 's a strange atmosphere here . Hidden bell chime very softly , sweetly like a sighing wind . ragnar keep to the path . the grove be sacred . every nine year , here in the temple , the priest sacrifice nine of everything and hang they in the tree . bjorn nine of everything ? nine sheep and nine hen ? ragnar yes . bjorn and nine horse ? ragnar of course . we love we horse . a beat . bjorn and nine of we ? nine human ? ragnar look back at he son , but do not answer . now bjorn become aware of waif - like creature flitting between the tree , dress in pale color robe . bjorn ( cont ’d ) Father , who be they ? ragnar Priests , I expect . or other thing . who can tell in a place like this ? look , here 's the entrance . ext . temple - day they dismount in front of two large wooden door , studd with iron . a priest appear , bow , silently open the door . he be a tall , thin , homosexual young man , dress in a flow robe 43 . and they step inside . int . pagan temple - uppsalla - day the golden glow from the roof generate a strange , almost unearthly light . there 's a water - source somewhere ... for the sound of water run and splash fill the great dome space . the space be dominate by three huge wooden statue , several metre high , make of highly polished wood . but the priest first take they over to the stone altar on which there be a sacred Viking ring , a wooden bowl fill with blood and a twig . ragnar kneel by the altar and bjorn follow he example . the priest dip the twig into the blood of a sacrifice animal and shake it over they , sprinkle they with blood . priest ( sing -song ) hail to the aesir ! hail to the goddess ! hail to the mighty , fecund earth . wit and wisdom may you give we , and heal hand while we live ! they move towards the statue , ragnar once more sink to he knee and make he obeisance . bjorn look confuse and over-aw . but the priest , with a smile , gently guide he closer . priest ( cont 'd ) my son , you have travel a long way , but now at last you be face to face with we god . he draw bjorn gently towards the first statue : of a massive , muscle - bound , bearded , earthy - look figure hold aloft he mighty hammer . priest ( cont ’d ) this be thor . you know he , of course . you hear he in the thunder , when he race across the cloud with he goat . he protect all of we . and when he go forth with he hammer , mjollni , in he hand , he be irresistible . 44 , close on : thor 's sculpt face , he exaggerated feature , peasant - like , wide - mouth , bulbous nose - rather comic-book . the priest draw bjorn towards the second statue : a figure with a disproportionately huge and erect phallus . priest ( cont 'd ) you know who this be ? bjorn ( tentative ) frey ? priest of course it 's frey . who else could it be ? the god of sunshine and rain , of fertility , of child and crop . of harvest . of everything that grow new ... but be cut down again each year . then grow once more . ( beat ) come . he draw bjorn to the last figure . we have see this figure before : a tall , thin figure hold a spear , wear a cloak and a wide - brimm hat , under which he single eye peep out . even carve in wood , there be something magnetic but also something sinister , even terrifying about the image . priest ( cont 'd ) and this ... bjorn ++.is odin . priest odin. god of war , of warrior slain in battle . he life in he great hall at valhalla , with all the reborn warrior , feast and drink ... ragnar suddenly cut in . ragnar odin be not only the god of that slain in battle . he be many other thing . he be we universal father . he be the god of skald ; he govern the mystic ecstacy , the great pathos , the passion of the soul . ( more ) 45 . ragnar ( cont 'd ) he be the god of think ..of curiosity . he want to look into the well of knowledge , guard by the wise , decapitate mimi . they tell he he would have to lose a eye to gain knowledge ... and gladly he do it . you see there , bjorn ? he have but one eye . but with that single - eye he see everything . a beat . he take out two small coin , give they to the priest . ragnar ( cont 'd ) thank you for you time , priest . the priest be clearly offended , and would like to say something sting - but manage to restrain himself . he bow , walk out . a long beat . bjorn be still stare up at the statue of odin , as if mesmerize . ragnar ( cont ’d ) ( softly ) bjorn ... there 's something you should know . we family be direct descendant of odin . odin be once aman . he fight and make a great name for himself , and when he die he become a god . but he be once a man , with a family and a home . and it be write in the rune that we be directly descend from he family . bjorn we be descend from god ? no father . how can it be ? ragnar it be so . which be why I believe I have inherite the god 's curiosity . he love knowledge . he want to find out about thing . and so do I . I want to find out what lie to the west of we ... what city and god be over there . I be not satisfied with stay here , in this small country , where everyone have to scratch out a live , unless you be a earl . odin give he eye to acquire knowledge , but I would give far more . 46 . bjorn stare up again at the giant statue of the one - eye god . ragnar ( cont 'd ) go outside and wait for I . bjorn nod , and leave ragnar alone with he god . ragnar ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) Lord , o High one , I have swear my life to you , and I have come to ask you advice . be it not true that , in the beginning of everything , you lead the revolt of the aesir against the vanir ? be it not you , Lord , who burn the body of the witch gullveig three time ? and do you not sit in you high seat in valhalla sharpen you spear and polish you shield ? and when the god move against each other , be it not you who cast the first spear into the host of the vanir ? ( beat ) so I have come to ask , have I you permission to rise in revolt against my earthly lord ? would you give I you bless , if I cast the first spear ? Lord , o High one , if you would forgive or encourage I , I ask only that you give I a sign . odin stare back at he with he single eye . int . ragnar house - day ragnar and lagertha sit on the bed . lagertha how be it ? ragnar good . Earl haraldson give bjorn he arm-re . then I take he up to the temple . CUT to : 47 . lagertha so many thing at once . my poor son . ragnar he do not complain . then I take he to see the new boat . lagertha how be it ? ragnar we will not know until we sail in she , but she look good . he reach out , touch she cheek . ragnar ( cont ’d ) I miss you . do anything happen while we be away ? lagertha no. ragnar do you miss I ? lagertha I be too busy on the farm to miss you . ragnar be that true ? she smile . lagertha no . I ached with love long . my belly be empty of laughter . ragnar how can I make you laugh now ? lagertha I do not want to laugh now . she push he back on the bed , and get astride he . lagertha ( cont ’d ) I want to ride you , like a bull . like a wild bull . 48 . she rock back and forth , she eye gleam . unclasp she hair and lean down to kiss he , she hair fall all around he . lagertha ( cont ’d ) now bull , now . he start to make love to she . in the other room , by the smoulder fire , bjorn can hear they . his parent make love loudly , shouting , and the bed shake . untrouble , he saunter outside . ext . house - day we be strike , again , by the immense , almost overwhelming beauty of this place . a beauty that seem almost unreal . a small boat be approach , cut through the calm water , dwarf by the distant mountain . it reach the naroow shingle beach and rollo climb out , and fasten it to a post . bjorn hello rollo . rollo ruffle the boy 's hair . rollo hello , young bjorn . rollo ( cont ’d ) where be you parent ? bjorn be matter of fact . bjorn they be fuck . rollo laugh . int . house - evening ragnar , lagertha , bjorn , gyda and rollo eat and drink . rollo drink copiously . look at gyda. 49 . rollo so , gyda , tell I : be you mother teach you how to use a shield ? gyda yes . I know how to use a shield . I know what it 's for . rollo you mother be a famous shield - maiden . lagertha not so much of the '' be '' please , rollo . '' be '' will do . rollo be ...a famous shield - maiden . we fight in the same shieldwall . against the eastlander . she fight like a valkyrie . lagertha I fight to protect my husband , my brother and my father . they , too , be in the shieldwall . I would have die , willingly , for any of they . ragnar look at she . ragnar you nearly do . ( it 's something between they ) she rise . lagertha come on child , to bed . we 'il leave the man . bjorn I be aman . I have a ring . lagertha to bed ! bjorn and gyda good night . ragnar good night , my child . 50 . kiss they . they go off . ragnar pour more mead for they both . rollo tell I you news : what about the boat ? ragnar I have see it . it 's a wonderful thing , rollo . it 's almost half - finish . rollo do you trust floki ? be not he a great joker ? ragnar he 's a great boat builder . I trust he to do that . rollo and the sun board and the sunstone - you believe they can guide you across the sea ? ragnar I do . ( beat ) but I have to ask you this : when the boat be finish , will you sail west with I ? there 's a long beat . rollo drink , wipe he mouth . stare at he . rollo only if we be all equal . I will not go under you command . ragnar slip the ring from he arm . hold it out to rollo . ragnar I swear on my sacred ring , I swear before odin , that everyone in the boat will be equal , and will share equally what we find . ( beat ) will you come ? a beat . then rollo reach out , and also take hold of the ring . 51 . rollo I will come . I swear . ragnar grin , embrace he . but rollo be still stare at he . rollo ( cont ’d ) but we must find a crew . not many man will go against the wish of Earl haraldson . many of they will be afraid , and if we approach they some may even go to he and betray we . ragnar leave that to I . I have a good idea where we will find we crew . rollo look at he quizzically , but do not question he . rollo you be very determine , ragnar lothbrok . how do you know we will be successful ? ragnar I do not know . but what I do know be that we fate be already decide . one way or another , we can not change they . a beat . then lagertha come back in . lagertha they be asleep . she sit down . ragnar rise . ragnar I must go and piss . he walk outside . rollo pour lagertha some mead . lagertha thank you . she smile at he . he try to hold she gaze . rollo I have always want you . always . 52 . lagertha that 's too bad . she smile again , but he take it like a insult - reach out and grab she wrist . she spill she drink . rollo do not insult I , shield - maiden . look at he . lagertha no . I would never insult you . you be too great a warrior . eye tight on each other . then he release he grip . lagertha ( cont ’d ) but not so great a man . ext . house - evening ragnar finish he piss . the landscape be bath in moonlight , which give everything a mysterious look . ragnar 's gaze be somehow draw across to the edge of the wood ... as a wolf emerge . the wolf walk down the meadow a little way , completely unafraid . then stop , and seem to look back at ragnar for a few long moment . and then it turn , move away among the shadow . int . house - evening ragnar come back in . be immediately aware that something have happen between lagertha and rollo - but choose to ignore it . he sit down again . ragnar I see a wolf in the meadow . rollo you must kill it . ragnar look at he . ragnar no . I must not kill it . 53 . rollo why not ? a beat . ragnar because it be not a wolf . int . bedchamber - night bjorn lie in he narrow bed , still awake . he can hear the adult conversation in the next room . his hand still grip the arm-re he 's be give , for he will never let it go . when he close he eye he see the statue of odin . odin be stare at he with he one eye . but the eye be alive . and he gaze be terrible . it bore into you . ext . landscape - day we be in the fjord . Cloud scud across the sky . the mountain soar into the blue air , and fall into the water below . the water be full of reflection - of the sky , of the forest . a waterfall cascade down the side of a mountain , foam over the rock , send up a fine mist of spray . this be nature , raw and elemental . we hear lagertha 's voice . lagertha v.o . a pyre be build around the body of balder and he wife nana , dry faggot that need nothing more than a spark to leap into they own life and consume the lifeless body that lay upon they , release they body to travel on . 54 . int . ragnar 's house - evening lagertha recite the saga to she child , who listen , like freeze thing listen . lagertha balder 's horse , meanwhile , be gallop along the foreshore and work into a stream sweat . then a servant plunge a short dagger into its throat . it give a violent jerk and , without a sound , crumpled among the wrack .. ext . fjord - day ragnar be out fishing with he son , bjorn , in the deep soundless water of the fjord . ragnar v.o. now odin strode through the shallow and grip the gunwale . he climb into the boat and stand over the body of he dead son . for some time he gaze at he ... ragnar gaze at the very alive , very animated face of he son . then he speak aloud : ragnar then odin bent down and put he mouth to balder 's ear . again he gaze at he son ; then he leave the boat . ragnar look over at the shore , and point out something to he son . someone have kindle a fire on the far shore . lagertha v.o . at a sign from odin a servant step forward with a light brand . he set fire to the pyre and at once a steady plume of smoke , twist and spiralling , rise into the calm air . and as father and son stare at the sight on the far shore , this be exactly what they see . 55 . a boat have be set on fire - and the smoke , twist and spiralling , rise into the calm air . int . ragnar 's house - evening ragnar go on with the nighttime saga , as the child hover between wake and sleep . ragnar thor raise he hammer . slowly and solemnly he intone the magic word to hallow the cremation . then a dwarf call lit come run along the water 's edge . he pass right in front of thor , and thor be so enraged that he put out a foot and trip he . the dwarf fly throw the air and land right on the lick and curdle pyre . in this way , he be burn to death beside balder . bjorn burst out laugh at the think of the dwarf fly into the fire . he laugh and laugh . and ragnar smile , and even he daughter be tickle . ext . fjord - day Father and son watch the boat , now completely alight , drift slowly across the water . it 's a fantastic , compelling image , the fire reflect in the water so it seem to spread out right across the fjord . ragnar v.o . the boat drift across the water . Sea wind catch at she and tug she away . first she be more boat than flame , but soon more flame than boat . she be a quivering shape , a farewell on the horizon , move on under a great cloud of she own make . and so it be . and the boat burn on . int . ragnar 's house - dawn the first brightness in the night sky . a little rill of light . 56 . the moon be still in the sky , pale and diminish . the camera travel through the house and its sleep inhabitant . we see the color shield , some weapon . the ash of a fire , a slaughter beast upon a hook . the child asleep , like any other child . but bjorn still clasp he arm-re in a deathless grip . the small statue of freya . a sleep cat . ragnar and lagertha naked and asleep , coiled together . then ragnar open he eye . and the first thing he see be a horrifying mask . and then he hear laughter , and floki rip off the mask as he stand over they bed . ragnar stare up at he , cover he cock . floki it 's ready . ext . boathouse - day the finish boat . it be a thing of such indescribable beauty and latent power that ragnar stroke the burnish plank with he hand and lay he cheek against it , and shiver . freshly oile and paint . sinuous , sleek , graceful the hull rise shapely , like the contour of a body , like a organic , live thing . and the prow stand proud , with its ornately carve dragon - head . floki stare intently at ragnar , watch he reaction . ragnar look at he . ragnar it 's ... floki put a finger over he mouth . floki no need to say . I see it in you eye . ( beat ) let 's put she on the water . 57 . ext . boathouse - day floki , he assistant , ragnar and rollo pull and heave the finish boat , over wooden roller , the short distance to the water . the boat glide into the water and the man climb in . thread oar through the oarport they row the boat out into the deeper water of the fyord , where a strong breeze ripple the surface and send the cloud scudd across the sky . floki be like a man possess , grunt and groan , sighing , swear at , then encourage the boat , listen intently to its creaking , watch for its list . ragnar ship he oar . ragnar now the sail , floki , the sail ! floki she will sink . oh , what have I do ? ragnar no she will not . she will not sink . floki I should not have pretend to build such a boat . it 's beyond my humble capability . I be a fool . he look as if he 's about to cry . ragnar I ’1ll set the sail . ragnar unfurl the large black sail . it fall . the other fasten the rope . nothing happen for a moment . the sail flap rather uselessly . floki I be sorry , ragnar . I have waste all you money . it be all a joke . ragnar shut up , man . a beat . 58 . rollo look ! a breeze catch the sail and it swell out proudly . the boat start to move . as it move faster , the motion stabilize , become less choppy . it glide on smoothly , still pick up speed . and now , suddenly , they be fly ! the boat , still sit low in the water , cut through it so easily that the frame do not shudder on impact with the wave . it seem to ride over the wave . and , after a while , there 's a eruption of joy inside the boat , the man shouting , and hugging , and floki go mad , laugh , leaping about , hugging they , trail he hand in the water . floki ha ! what do I tell you ? now it run on its cool keel . it 's beautiful . why do not you believe I ? then , as they speed on , they calm down . sober up . look at the shoreline racing past . ragnar do not say anything . he do not need to , he expression say it all . he can see the future now . he be sit on the edge of he dream . ext . cliff - day a horseman sit astride he horse , at the edge of the cliff - and watch the black - sail ship carve through the wave . we have see he before . he have a livid scar that join he mouth to he eye . he be one of Earl haraldson 's housecarl . he stare as the boat fly on . end of episode 1