bar room hero by Stephen deleon ( c ) 2009 Stephen deleon www.barroomhero.com int . - restaurant - dine room - night medium close - up of a twenty - something woman excitedly rambling . the woman be chat and look to be genuinely enjoy herself and oblivious to the man 's discomfort . woman # 1 well that 's when I know I have to just leave . I mean Rick be such a tool , you know , I mean he be hot , oh my gawd be he hot . he have the sexiest ab 's , you could totally wash clothes on they , and ... oh my gawd , that 's where that expression come from , wow I just get that , washboard ab 's , be not that funny , I mean they be tight but that 's all he ever do , he go to the gym , I mean he never want to do anything like cultural or fun , you know ? I mean once I totally try to get he to come with I to this thai restaurant and he would not , he say he do not like it and I tell he that he should totally try it , cause japanese people totally make fantastic food , but he do not even --- screen pause on the woman in mid-sentence as mike 's voice over begin . mike ( v.0o . ) I fuck hate blind date . this future baby factory be a prime example of why this thing be never a good idea . she have not say a single fuck sentence without bring up she ex-boyfriend . the movie begin again . woman # 1 --- and Rick always use to tell I that I should --- screen freeze again as voice over begin . mike ( v.0o . ) the best part be that this " Rick " character be probably at home bong beer with he gym " bud " while discuss the finer point ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 2. mike ( v.o. ) ( cont have ) of rape . good God , I bet she watch the E channel . screen unfreeze as she begin talk again . woman # 1 so then I tell Rick that he could have all he cd 's back but oh my gawd , he totally try take my Jack Johnson anthology and I be like no way buster brown that one 's mine and you totally not take it . oh I get he back though , ( she take a deep breath , look around as if check to see if anyone be look and begin to speak ina low whisper ) i totally take all he auto-trader and Men 's health magazine and burn ‘em . ( squeal and return to normal volume ) oh my gawd , be he piss ! woman begin laugh and bounce in she seat . woman # 1 ( cont ’d ) it be so awesome , jeez , [ snort ] well so what about you ? mike what ? , oh , um , um I do not . really uh , um have a story . the screen freeze again and voice over add . mike ( v.0o . ) why in the nine hell 's would i tell my story , if i have one , toa fuck lunatic like you anyways . seriously , look at this --- replay cut of woman laugh and bounce up and down in she chair in slow motion . mike ( v.0o . ) this lady be obviously legally retarded . the fact that she be not wear any sort of cranial protective gear be nothing short of criminal . fuck I man ! screen unfreeze and it 's back to woman # 1 again . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 3. woman # 1 ( laugh ) oh my gawd , this one time Rick take I to this comedy club to go see a comic and he be so lame , we both be just so bored that we start do this shot , I mean I be not even sure what be in ’em . so like , I dunno , twenty minute later or something Rick be so drunk that he jump onstage and start tell joke about --- mike you know , I be start to see why Rick would rather be out tipping cow with deadlift Dan and cardio Chris than watch you pick out shoe at the mall . woman # 1 ( look around as if confuse ) what ? I do not ... know what you --- mike light a cigarette and inhale and exhales very slowly while run he hand through he hair . mike ok look , let 's just skip all the pretense here and get down to the fact . I can sit here all night and shine you with some bullshit charm and share some stupid storey so that you think I be willing to open up to you and share . then I could pay for dinner and tell you how amazing you be and agree with you when you ask if I feel that " something " between we . then we 'il go to you place where I will play the perfect gentleman and keep my hand to myself . then you 'il try to kiss I and I x11 pull away and say that I do not want to rush thing and that will make you want to fuck I even more . so , we ’1ll do the deed , and afterward you 'il never hear from I again and I ’1l1 get to tell my friend how you be ok in bed but nothing special . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 4. mike ( cont ’d ) but that 's not gonna happen , what 's go to happen be that I be go to find the fuck bar in this place and to get so fuck drunk that people be go to think my last name 's baldwin . at some point you be go gonna get piss , you be gonna get so mad that when you get home the first thing you be go to do be call Rick and demand he come over and fuck you like a man . and after he get tired of you , again , you be go to go on many more date that end just like this , and believe I there will be more . this date be go to make you realize how little you have to offer and that Rick be the only one shallow enough to listen to you bullshit . so you 'il run back to Rick and get hitched and pop out a couple of pup , and deep down you be gonna know that this date be in some sick , sad way , responsible for you happiness . but will I get a thank you ? fuck no I will not ! i’1l still be here get belligerently drunk and at some point , despite my lack of physical prowess , I will find myself ina brawl with a man that look like that . mike point to a very large and rather mean look guy sit at the bar , the guy look at mike as he be point and smile devilishly . woman # 1 ( softly ) wow , you , you [ yell ] really need help asshole , fuck you ! you better hope to God that Rick never see 's you on the street ! the woman get up in a huff and stop mike from replying by grab a glass of water and throw it 's content into he face . mike calmly spit out a stream of water and then stick a cigarette into he mouth and speak . mike call I . the screen pause again and the voice over kick in . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 5. mike now that 's some rad shit right there . I wish to God I could tell you that that 's how it go down but ala , I suffer from a rare disease that doctor 's refer to as osteospineusfemaleus , which be a lack of spine in the face of the fairer sex . so it actually go something like this --- scene change to one of mike daydream as a voice off camera be speak to he . waiter Sir , sir , excuse I ? sir ? waiter Sir would you care for anything to drink ? mike oh um sorry , yeah can I have a Miller lite ( slight pause ) and two shot of jameson . waiter very good sir . woman # 1 I do not drink whiskey , you know . mike oh , ok , ( sarcastically ) wow great because I do not order you anything . woman # 1 you be so funny [ laugh ] sherry never tell I that , you should have be at that comedy club , you would of be funnier than that Jim , uh , Jim garafee , grafagain , or whatever it be . speak of , where be I , oh so Rick start yell stuff at he , well one Rick be trash but he deserve it cause he suck and so --- mike exhales visibly and slumping in he chair . screen freeze again . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 6. mike ( v.0o . ) shut the fuck up ! shut up ! you weasel face crone ! who drop a steamer in you gene pool , fuck ! at least it can not get any worse . woman # 1 and I think I totally have that camera with that picture in here somewhere ... the waiter be walk back to the table and mike quickly grab the two shot off of he tray and downs they and then grab he beer and begin to chug it . screen freeze on this image . mike ( v.0 . ) fuck I . cue music and roll beginning credit . photo montage - desktop or digital ( 7 ? ) the movie open with a series of photograph , Polaroid , with mike do a voice over introduction for each . - photo of camelot bowl . mike ( v.0 . ) this be where I grow up , a small town about a hour outside of Chicago , on the Indiana side of course . - photo of mike and friend , drunk and hang out . mike ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) there 's not really much to do here minus drink or various other activity that some would consider uncouth in the eye of the lord . - photo of mike and steve in bed with a " few " woman . switch to photo 's of paint huffing , smoking a bong and they beat they chest with a mysterious white substance on they nostril . - photo of mike smile as he be surround by a group of people . now , I use to love it here , I mean seriously , life be one big party , all my friend be here and I ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 7. mike ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) ( cont have ) really could not imagine live anywhere but here . that all change one day when I meet jule . - photo of mike hugging some random woman . pretty soon though Jules decide that I be not stimulate enough and stop call I . - photo of mike drink two bottle of whiskey at the same time . - photo of mike cry while hold a pair of woman 's underwear . - photo through a partially crack door of mike cry and masturbate with a sock over he dick while smell say underwear . uh , ha ha , um yea , well thing get a little bad , to say the least , so I decide to move . - photo of mike hang out of a car window flick off randomly as he leave . - photo of mike hugging another random girl . so I move and meet someone else and she turn out to be everything I ever want . - photo 's of mike stand in random door way while other dude be nail say girl . mike ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) she also turn out to be everything that a lot of guy 's want . so I do what any immature man-child would do , I pack up and move back home . fade into scene 3 . fade to : int . - steve 's car - day fade in shot on mike and he friend steve riding along ina car . mike be quiet and sullen while steve look mildly amused . [ indistinct country music play on the radio ] " ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 8. steve so then she finish and she fuck put it back in my pants and zipped I up with just she mouth . my GOD , she be like the David blaine of blow - job , that be top five material , of sure . not exactly number one or anything but definitely top five . , mike that 's , um pretty , pretty , uh steve I mean number one still belong to stacy , I mean she get a perfect ten not just for technique but for creativity as well , remember fourth of July four year ago ? mike no. steve oh bullshit ! yes you do , remember stacy put my paste stick in that hot dog bun and top it with ketchup and --- mike dammit dude , I totally forget about that , fuck man , that 's the summer you run around tell everyone you get kobayashi have . thanks for the visual dude . steve do not act like you be not jealous , she be a lady broseph , one of a kind . mike ( incredulous ) dude , you catch the clap from she ! I do not even know how that 's possible , i mean , I do not even now what the fuck the clap be ! and I be pretty sure no one but you guy have have the clap since Vietnam . steve so what ! ton of people get the clap , they get it everyday , one shot and it 's go . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 9. mike you get it four time that summer ! steve what can I say , she be special . mike stun , simply stun . steve do not make fun dick head . besides , we be not talk about I anymore , what about you , I mean do it feel weird be back in town ? mike um , not really um maybe a little but I be not really sure you know , I have not really talk to anyone but you and MARK since I have be ... steve nexcite } dammit dude , there 's so much ass down there , how the fuck can you stand it here ? fuck man , my dick would fall off if I live down there , seriously , it have pop right off . mike {uncomfortable laughter } I do not know man , I guess I be just ... steve 's face , stare at mike dead seriously . steve my dick would fall off , I just do not think you get it . steve slam on the car brake and mike be throw forward in he seat . steve be stare at steve deadpan and be illustrate he point with he hand . mike ( cont ’d ) dude , [ breathe ] what the fuck ! [ breathe ] steve be stare at mike again . steve my dick . steve steer the car back onto the road while mike look at he wildly . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 10 . mike dude where be we go anyway ? steve well I be think we would head over to o’ Shea 's , maybe grab some drink . mike oh no , no fuck way ! turn the car around right now , I be fuck go home . steve dude stop be a little bitch . come on , I do not wanna drive all the way out to hillhurst to go toa bar , why do not you put on you big girl panty and just go . mike [ whining ] dude I have not be there for like three year , and I know I be go to see everyone I do not want to see . I be go to have go through the entire " hi guy , how 's everything go , how 's life , oh look at you baby , oh look at you wife , that 's amazing , yea he 's big , oh wow , nice car , nice house , what I ? oh I be live at home again , what 's that , I , oh no not graduate yet , nope I live in a 11 by 11 room , all of my worldly possession can fit in a van , crazy right , yea we should definitely do this again , man this have be a little slice . " steve be stare at mike with a incredulous look . steve what be wrong with you ? mike [ mumbling ] nothing 's wrong with I what 's wrong with you ?... I be fuck , fan -fuck - tastic . steve you do realize that there 's other people in this car besides you , do not you ? and the last time I ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 11 . steve ( cont have ) check I be the one who be drive . so why do not you drop this whole self - pity , the world hate I routine , and knock down a couple beer with you best friend that you have not see in about six month ? mike Fine , fuck it ! but you be buy the first two round , and you owe I a shot for every time I have to admit that I live at home . steve look extremely happy and victorious as he stomp down on the gas pedal and the car accelerate . steve you have make a smart decision sir consider we be already almost there . it 's like 2 o'clock in the afternoon . anyone in the bar this early be bound to make you feel better about yourself . besides live at home be not you biggest problem , lot 's of people still live at home . if I be you , I have be worried more about the fact that you currently unemployed . mike dude , I have my own business for awhile man , do not forget about that . steve oh yeah , how could I forget , the lemonade stand . mike beverage cart asshole . steve a , you never have a cart , B , all you serve be lemonade and C , you stand be make of cardboard and have no wheel so therefore it be a non-mobile serve center for lemonade - -- aka a lemonade stand . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 12 . mike thanks dick . steve just say man , anyway , whatever happen to that ? CUT to : ext . - lawn outside a house - day flashback to a mike sit behind a cheap cardboard lemonade stand . sign read 's mike 's famous lemonade , $ 1.00 . the camera flash across the street to where a child of 8 be sit behind another lemonade stand and be glaring at mike . mike be sit and look bored when he reach underneath the stand and pull out a vodka bottle . he pour out a little lemonade from one of the cup and take a little sip . he shrug he shoulder and pour out a larger amount and pour in more vodka . he drink it and nod he head . he stare at the cup and then the bottle and shrug again and pour out all the content of the cup and fill it all with the vodka and begin to chug the content . he finish it and replenishes the cup and repeat the chug . cut to the little kid from across the street stare at a pass out mike on the lawn wear nothing but a pair of tightie whitey 's . the kid nudge mike with he foot a few time and mike weakly push he foot away and roll over into a fetal position . the kid take he pants off the ground grab he wallet and take out the bill . he then throw the wallet down and destroy mike 's lemonade stand . back to : int . - steve 's car - day mike Business world politics . I get strong armed outta the business . silence while mike seem to reflect on the memory . mike maybe I could use a drink . 13. ext . - bar - day steve 's car pull into a parking spot . mike and steve exit car and walk towards bar . steve dude do not worry , everything 's gonna be ok . it do not even look like anyone 's here . mike whatever man , let 's just have a few beer and go . steve [ slyly ] oh shit , do I forget to mention that there be this fuck gorgeous bartender work here now , she be fantastic . you have to see she . mike stop and eye steve suspiciously . steve stop and look at mike with a sideways grin . steve what ? camera look at a grim face mike . back to a steve oh what ? come on now , you think , oh Jesus come on man , I be not that big of a tool , you think I drag you here just so I can eye fuck a measly bartender ? grim look mike steve ah dude , you be fuck unbelievable , I can not believe you would assume something as heinous as that , you know you lucky that you have a friend like I who 's look out for you . as steve be talk mike be stride closer to where steve be stand . 14 . int . - bar - day steve walk in rub he arm and complain ... loudly . steve really ? 2 million year of human evolution and you still resorting to punch , that 's so fuck up man , seriously , what the fuck ? Excuse I for give a shit about you dick , I just wanna see you use it man , it 's hang there , just sway from side to side [ hand motion ] blow whichever way the wind do , hang around like a piece of dry jerky . Dick jerky ! that 's what it be ! steve stop and put he hand on mike 's chest to stop he in he track , steve 's face be plead . steve dude ( x5 ) seriously . ok , look you have be in sad bastard mode for like the last three year , you even move away because of she , it 's seriously about time to let go man , let that shit go because if you do not it 's go to eat you up . mike look at steve with surprise and appreciation of he honesty . steve besides dude I be go to tell you something that no one else be go to ... {deep breath} a dick be a terrible thing to waste . over the shoulder of mike look mortify / incredulous . steve what ? mike do not talk about my dick , he do not like you . shot of they walk down the hallway towards the bar steve I be just try to stress the importance of proper dick ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 10 11 www. barroomhero.com 15 . steve ( cont have ) maintenance , I mean you know that 's a scientific fact right , like you have to have sex at least once every a month or else that shit back up into you brain and you start bark like a dog or quacking like a duck and ... mike have stop walk and he jaw be hang slightly open and he be stare at the bartender . this be maggie 's introduction . slow pan up of the bartender stand behind the bar smoking a cigarette , she be attractive and graceful . cut back to mike 's face with a dreamy look on it , then switch to fantasy montage . CUT to : ext . - fantasy montage - dance - alley - day ist fantasy scene - maggie be surround by some street thug enter mike come and dance in and dance fight ala west side story or beat it . ext . - fantasy montage - grassy field ( 7 ? ) - day 2nd fantasy scene - maggie and mike be run towards each other and embrace each other while MARK , josh , kyle , and steve be toss rise petal around they . int . - fantasy montage - psyche ward ( ? ) - day 3rd fantasy - one fly over the cuckoo 's nest . CUT back to : int . - bar - day back to shot on mike and steve . steve dude , dude , what the fuck , be you even listen to I ? hey ... mike [ quietly ] shut -up . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 16 . steve what the fuck ? oh . camera pan to focus on maggie behind the bar . mike she 's fuck gorgeous . steve she 's ok but that 's not who I be talk about . nlook around } I do not even see she . mike if I never see another sunrise again then I can ... steve ok well that 's great mike but I be go to get a beer , you can sit here and recite you bullshit love letter but I need a beer . mike why be I friend with you ? remind I please . steve because it 's my award win personality and this mutha-fuck sexy ass hand ! {shit eat grin present here } mike what ? steve you hear I , this be fuck hand of the god ! mike Jesus --- steve this my pettin’ and jigglin hand , know what I mean ? mike fuck off . steve seriously mike , ask about ’em , I dare you ! ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 17 . the two walk to the bar and have a seat , mike be noticeably uncomfortable and nervous . mike dude we do not have to sit right at the bar , I mean there 's a couple of open chair over there . steve there 's also a open spot on you lap . maybe this little nmotion towards maggie} alley cat can oblige you . mike 's retort be cut short when maggie walk over . maggie what 's up guy ? what can I get for you ? steve can I get a beer please and a answer ? maggie um ok , well the beer 's a go but the answer will probably depend on the question . steve {mock hurt } what exactly be it dependent on ? maggie osigh loudly } really ? well let 's see . I be go to assume that since you be in here together , with a lack of noticeable female accompaniment that this answer you desire more than likely have something to do with a cheap attempt at pick I up . I also notice you friend here stare this way with he mouth hang open a bit and unless I have a big booger hang from my nose , I be assume I be the object of say stare . Rest assure gentleman , the chance of either of you pick I up or engage I with any sort of witty banter that you might construe as flirt be far less likely than the chance of you ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 18 . maggie ( cont have ) guy get a beer . so in the long run , simply order a beer will probably be you best shot . I be just say . anyway now that that 's out of the way what do you want to ask I ? steve um could I have a , um , glass with this please ? maggie sure thing . come right up . maggie return with a glass and walk off to serve another customer . steve what a bitch ! mike really ? why would you do that ? from now on whenever she see 's we we be go to be that guy , that fuck guy who try to pick up the bartender . Jesus ! really ? do not you know about the holy trinity rule ? steve what the fuck be the holy trinity rule ? mike the holy trinity rule state that no matter how much they flirt with you you never , under any circumstance , ever try to pick upa bartender , waitress or a stripper they flirt only because they job dictate they do so in order to make better tip ! Jesus Christ ! what 's wrong with you ? stripper , waitress , bartender ( mike count off on he finger as he name each one ) holy fucking trinity ! now we be gonna always be that asshole who violate the holy trinity rule , no matter what we do , she 's always go to see we as that dude . fuck I . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com steve calm down dude , you the one that be stare at she , besides you do not ever leave you house anyway so why do that even matter ? mike [ embarrassed ] I be not stare at she , I just think maybe I see someone that I know and fuck you . what do you mean I do not leave the house ? I do not even know what I be go to do from day to day so how the fuck do you know what I do . now , if you excuse I , I be off to attempt some sort of damage control with she , before word get out that we break the holy trinity rule . fucker . 19 . mike storm off in the direction of maggie who be now at the end of the bar smoking and clean a glass . mike [ nervous ] hi , um remember I from a second ago , um I be really sorry to bug you but , um I just want to apologize for my friend down there . he can come off kind of strange you know , well you do not know , I guess that 's why I be here explain myself , um but yea I be really sorry . maggie [ laugh ] it 's ok , really , I just like mess with guy sometimes , it make this job a little more manageable at time . do not worry about it , I will not hold it against you . maggie wink at mike at the end of she response . in close and whisper . maggie do not worry , I will not tell anyone he violate the trinity rule . mike smile warmly and blushes . she lean ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 20 . mike oh well thanks , a lot . um , ok well like I say I be really sorry , just it 's , you know , I , I , I be not really stare I just do not recognize you , I guess , um --- mike mumble under he breath and stare at he foot and then blurt out suddenly . mike my name be mike and i use to work here three year ago and I do not recognize you so I be sorry ! maggie [ laugh ] well hello my name be mike and I use to work here , my name 's maggie and I also use to work here but that be about seven year ago . it 's very nice to meet you . maggie ext.end she hand in a hand shake while mike , who be beam , gingerly take it . mike [ quietly ] you gonna break my heart be not you ? maggie what 's that ? mike nothing . um I be go to go sit down , nice meeting you maggie . steve what happen ? she 's a lesbo right ? I fuck know it man , you can just tell by ... mike steve ? steve yea ? shot of mike , smile ear to ear while take a drink off of he bottle . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 12 www. barroomhero.com 21 . mike shut up .... please . int . - bar - at the bar - day begins with a series of shot of mike walk through the door and sit at the bar . the first couple of time he have to ask for a drink and about the third time of the sequence maggie have a beer wait for he . mike hey there maggie . maggie hey mike , how 's my favorite alcohol abuser this evening ? mike I be great , how 's my favorite poison peddler do ? maggie you sure know how to sweet talk a gal mikey my boy . steve come up behind mike and hug he with a glass of beer in he hand . steve well the fuck party can begin . maggie serve we up with some of you finest fire water , you little minx ! maggie ( laugh ) come right up doll . mike ( laugh ) get off I ! steve ( yelling ) tonight we dance ! mike head over to the jukebox and be put in money into the bar jukebox and look through selection as maggie come up behind he and place she hand over he eye . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 22 . maggie guess who ? mike um , let 's see , be it megan Fox ? maggie nope ! cuter . mike uh , Taylor Swift ? maggie ugh ! jeez , you really terrible at this , you know ? mike okay , okay , I know who it be ... Camille Bell ! maggie hit mike in the back of the head with a mock look of disgust on she face . she grab mike ow ! what the heck ? jeez hulk , calm down . maggie well stop be so sucky and I will not have to physically abuse you anymore but remember , I only beat you to show you how much I care . mike 's arm . maggie you tell everyone you get the bruise from when you fall down the stair . the two of they begin laugh , while maggie slip to mike 's side and casually throw she arm around he . mike look both uncomfortable and confuse at she gesture . maggie so what ya play there mister ? Music begin play . mike well if you must know ms . I be look for allison by with honor . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 23 . maggie allison ? really ? Holy shit I love that song !! it 's so pretty . wow mike , that 's surprising of you . mike why ? maggie well I never think you would listen to something like that . mike well , I will have you know --- maggie ssh ! wait , I love this part ( maggie begin lip synching this song to mike ) " allison , would you wait for I , would you consider this my apology --- " maggie begin drift away from mike while dance and sing still . a slight smile begin to form at the corner 's of he mouth . suddenly the music stop and we hear steve . steve veto !!! I tell you tonight ...we .... dance !!! punctate he last remark , loud , dance music begin filter through the bar . mike ( shouting ) turn it off ! steve can not hear you ! mike switch it dick ! steve still can not --- you know , I get this bum ear and I just can not hear that good , so --- mike play that song again ! ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 13 14 15 www. barroomhero.com 24 . steve oh okay . why do not you just say so from the begine , I get ya , you wanna dance ! steve grab mike by the arm and half drag / pull he and start dance on he . mike keep try to shout at he and act angry but eventually start laugh and begin dance back . maggie mean while be laugh profusely and take picture with a camera . steve notice she and grab she as well and start force she to dance with they . the scene fade as the music continue and cut to a different day . int . - bar - at the bar - night scene 2 - mike and maggie be sit on bar stool and be talk . they both be laugh and have a good time . they continue talk and then simultaneously turn they head and look off camera to the right , the camera turn and it reveal steve furiously make out with some girl on the next bar stool . they eventually fall off the stool and on the ground . we see mike and maggie still watch , laugh while off camera from the ground a high heel come fly up into the shot . mike 's face get a disgust look while maggie be still laugh . both they head begin to turn sideways as if they be watch the action . int . - bar - table area - night scene 3 - maggie be sweeping the bar and mike be help she mop it as they be continue to talk and laugh . maggie and mike both stop and together help drag steve , who be pass out drunk on the floor , out of they way and then return to laugh and talk . int . - bar - at the bar - toe job - day scene 4 - scene open with maggie sit on top of the bar with she shoe off while mike be painting she finger nail and blow on they . a customer keep try to interrupt the two and maggie keep blow he off and ignore he . finally she grab he cup and throw it off camera into the background . they resume chat and mike be nodd he head in agreement . steve come up to the bar with a sad expression on he face and maggie stare at he and finally smile slyly as she reach behind the bar and grab he a bottle of beer . steve hi-five she and skip away grin , the music fade they conversation become audible . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 25 . mike then I just stop hearing from she . I mean , she would not return my phone call , she would not respond to myspace message , it pretty much suck . ( awkward laugh ) then she show up at my door step one day and just kinda act like we be best friend you know . it be , uh , definitely bizzare , to say the least . maggie that 's fuck terrible ! I be so sorry mike , really that 's absolutely horrendous . she deserve all the worst thing in life to happen to she . what a bitch ! mike it 's okay , I suppose , I mean I have make my peace with it , I guess . I have spend the last three year of my life come to term with it . maggie well , at least you guy be not marry , you know , thing could of be worse . you could of make my mistake . it be bad , I almost move to Pittsburgh actually , yea that 's right , Pittsburgh . mike why Pittsburgh ? that 's kind of random . maggie the steeler ! duh ! mike really ? maggie why not ? if I be to move away then I would at least move somewhere where I could watch my favorite team play . mike I guess . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 26 . maggie do not you dare judge I Mr. I x11 move away for three year because of some dumb biotch ! mike okay fair enough but , yea , I have be meaning to ask you about that , I mean what happen with you guy ? maggie I guess you could say that we have a failure to communicate . mike be he foreign ? Cause I date this girl from Russia once with this thick accent and it be a major irriation in we relationship . it sound like she be talk with a mouth full of --- steve come in off camera , laugh . steve by dating he mean he once talk to a girl from Russia on skype and by relationship he mean they talk for about 3 hour . mike fuck you , she really open up in that three hour and we totally have a connection ! steve yea , a 56 k connection . hay - o. mike asshole . steve just keep it real , playa ! maggie you guy act like you marry ! mike steve just have the natural ability to instantly make you wanna laugh or punch he in he uterus , either or . steve respond off-camera . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 27 . steve Heard that ! maggie ( laugh ) my situation be a little different , it take much more than a little irration to cause a divorce . mike sorry , I guess it would be . maggie no it 's okay , by failure to communicate I mean more so he think it be okay to bang other girl while I think that be morally apprehensive and disgusting . mike wow ! what a asshole . you deserve better than that douche . maggie well appearantly the universe have other idea for I . I swear to God every single good guy I meet be gay , why be that ? mike really ?! see there be the principle thing wrong with woman today . maggie really Professor mike , well please enlighten I , as to what that may be . mike I be just say that it 's pretty suspect that every woman seem to think that a gay man would be perfect for they as oppose to a straight man . come on really ? you think infidelity and respect be trait only common among we heterosexuals ? that trait cross cultural , gender and sexual orientational line . other foot please . mike put a foot down and pick up the other one . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 28 . mike as I be say , do not you think it 's interesting that you idea of the perfect guy be a gay male . of course it be , it 's a non-threatening male with no ulterior motive of try to sleep with you and more than likely he like to shop . of course you feel safe around he , he 's not go to try and sleep with you . maggie that be a very int . erest theory you have there sir . I may actually meditate on that a bit , maybe I x11 have a rebuttal for you one day . mike you may meditate , pray , look at tea leave or ask a ouija board but it 's a undeniable fact just like the asshole fact . maggie oh yea ? asshole fact ? wait let I guess , um , " woman only go out with guy who be asshole . " ugh , that be such a load of shit , you have no clue . mike it seem to stand the test of time though . I mean look , you marry one and stick around for awhile even after you find he out for what he be . maggie ( laugh ) oh you jerk ! low blow . mike I be just say Ms. I be try to drop that knowledge , you know . maggie ( laugh ) well have you ever stop to consider that maybe we end up with asshole because the good guy be always so quiet and afraid to speak to we ? come on , I have a ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 29 . maggie ( cont have ) vagina not a gun ! it 's not like I be go to shoot someone if they ask I out . at the very worst I have say thanks but no thanks . mike well you alot nicer than most I suspect . maggie oh come on , it 's not like pull tooth . you , for example , I never see you hit on any woman in here , never , and I know you think some of they be hot , I think some of they be hot and I love the cock ! mike well fair enough , but I just do not see the point I guess , I mean I see a attractive woman and I think well , there she be , I can go hit on she and more than likely suffer through a rejection or , through some random act of God she actually accept my overture , I can only picture how in the end we 'il just end up hat each other and then we be leave with bad memory and waste time . it just seem as if the safest avenue be to just skip all that entirely and let let sleep dog lie . maggie be silent for a long time and just stare at mike . mike begin to feel awkward and finally speak . mike what ? stop stare at I like that . maggie sorry it 's just that I be utterly speechless and I be try to decide something . mike decide what ? maggie I be try to decide if you either one of the most brillant people I have ever meet at run game or if ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 16 www. barroomhero.com 30 . maggie ( cont have ) you be truly the most caring slash saddest hopeless romantic I have ever run into . mike ( laugh ) well do not strain anything think , I can tell you I would not know how to run " game " even if i have it , which i do not . I be just honest . maggie I be begine to see that I think . mike okay there you be , all do ! as if they be paint by ralphael himself ! maggie well thank you sir , you be truly a humanitarian ! now you ready to get outta here . mike rock and roll girl ! maggie begin gather up she thing and begin to shut off the light in the bar . ext . - bar - evening scene 5 - mike be wait outside the bar as maggie walk out and lock the door behind she . maggie lock the door and turn to mike . maggie thanks for the conversation and for the pretty toe job . mike my pleasure , as always . maggie mike , um I want you to know something --- i really think you a fantastic guy , you should really realize that . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 17 www. barroomhero.com 31 . maggie lean in and kiss mike on the check and hug he . she then wave and walk back to she car . mike be leave stand there , shock on he face , as a huge smile creep onto he face . mike walk to he car and look around as if he be forget something . cut to steve walk out of the bathroom to a darken room . steve hello ?---- seriously , what the fuck guy , not cool . fuck , come on guy , it 's scary in here . Long pause . steve fuck it ! OPEN bar ! fade to black . int . - steve 's live room - friend convos - night establish shot of steve and mike sit in a live room with three other male . empty and full beer can litter the floor . MARK look fuck that ok , all I be say be that she sound like she 's fuck crazy , I would cut and run if I be you . kyle she 's not crazy asshole , she just like to spend time with I . what 's so wrong with that ? steve she have have to be crazy to willingly want to hang out with you , we suffer you because , well , I do not really know why we do actually . josh [ reach over and pinching kyle on the cheek ] because he 's just a little guy , such a cute little guy . kyle [ slapping away josh 's hand ] cut it out dick , you know I hate that . seriously , look , I really like this girl man and I do not see the big ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 32 . kyle ( cont have ) deal if she want to hang out with I all the time . I actually like it honestly . the room groan have beer can and pillow fly in kyle 's direction . mike get up and head off camera , presumably for a beer . MARK dude , seriously look , I be not be a asshole , I be just try to help you out here . you have only be dating for like 2 week ... kyle actually five month 2 week and 4 day MARK Jesus Christ man ! sorry 2 week or 5 month same shit . I be try to stress the importance of a healthy independent life style apart from the significant other . that 's why there so many divorce in this country , people get marry and then they too far up in each other shit and that get old man . we be creature of the hunt , we need we freedom to roam , we need that wide open space , we be not to be confine or else ... we lose we shit . we be not mean to be attach to woman , we be mean to be alone until that day when we feel a call to deposit some baby juice in some lucky lady , [ turn towards josh ] or a microwave banana , no offense josh , josh yea fuck you prick , that be 5th grade MARK [ turn back to kyle ] seriously attachment breed resentment , ask a Buddhist . kyle you a idiot . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 33 . MARK steve , please help this sad , sad , sad little man . steve I think what MARK be try to say be girl and be not nothing but bitch and ho 's . MARK amen brother josh testify ! High fives ensue around the group . mike emerge from the other room double fisting two beer . mike leave he alone you jackal . he find someone who he care about so why do not you congratulate he instead of riding he ass . MARK well , well , well Mr. sad bastard himself speak up , please enlighten we . mike sad bastard ?! really ? MARK you the saddest one here , you wait and lurk around the bar until some poor girl be drunk enough to make you she most recent mistake . you do not even care about what they look like or how they be . you a sexual seagull , indiscriminate in you carnal conquest . can you even spell love , let alone recognize it ? steve [ pause while chugge ] true story man , remember the Arby 's girl ? the room erupt into laughter and cat call MARK Fair enough however allow I my rebuttal please . take a deep breath and then point to every person in the room while say ] ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com MARK fuck you , you and you and you not too bad although I fuck hate you amazing memory . steve tip a imaginary cap in MARK 's direction at the comment MARK I be a sexual seagull because I prefer to engage in random sexual encounter that will not get muddle with messy emotion and useless promise . I have say I be the smart one here , besides fuck you , you fall in love and look what happen , you fuck move away for three year because of it , sound like I be totally miss out on stuff huh ? and I do not lurk . that 's bullshit , you make I sound like I be on to catch a predator or something . mike I have no regret 's about what have happen in the past . I prefer to look at that as training lesson as oppose to mistake . in the end , I like to imagine that that lesson will prepare I for a meaningful and more fulfil relationship , while you exploit will merely prepare you for a life fill with emptiness , hungry man t.v. dinner and customer of the year award from bigmouthfuls.com and pole catz ! catcall and laughter kyle wait , wait , wait , I never get the whole story from he , what exactly happen ? josh I 'il go head and summarize the story if you do not mind my dear friend ? keep you from waste you breath on the same story again ? mike nod in josh 's direction 34 . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com josh well simply put , we love strike friend here get into he head that he be go to ask Jules to marry he and the day before he plan on do it she just stop call he and return he call . turned up a month later with a new job , new house and new boyfriend . acte like they be best friend and never explain a thing . he freak out and move away for the last three year . kyle [ softly ] fuck I . why do she do it ? josh besides the fact that she 's a whore ? she never say I guess . just show up one day at he apartment and start act like nothing have happen , act like they have be just friend all that time . MARK and instead of do what normal dude would have do like oh I dunno , maybe bang some pink squish or visit a establish not unlike pole catz , he choose instead to move away , to a land far far away and he leave we all here behind . MARK pause and look comically hurt , he then eighty and continue . MARK and speak of pole catz , see there you be do it again , pass judgment on other . i’11 have you know that I be merely do my civic duty by frequenting that strip club , how else be they go to pay they college tuition ? I enjoy give back to the community . josh they also enjoy give back , right ? I mean herpes be the gift that keep on give . 35 . turn a one ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 36 . MARK whirl angrily on josh and yell . MARK that turn out to be jock itch dick ! and besides Savannah say the test be negative . mike anyway , way to be a asshole and bring up Jules , dick head . MARK come on dude , do not get shitty , we be all just fuck around man . mike I be not get shitty , I just think it 's amusing that you would try and throw she and that whole situation in my face . any other time I would have introduce you to Bruce Banner and Benjamin Grimm here . ( mike lift he fist ina box pose ) MARK good lord ! really ?! Bruce Banner and Benjamin Grimm ? good lord , be it like a rule that when you get dumped you have to start read comic book ? I mean it fit , it 's not like you get laid anyways so I guess it can not mess that up . kyle fuck you , there be nothing wrong with comic . mike thank you sir . MARK no , you right . maybe we should go ask that little barmaid of yours if she prefer Ben riley or Peter parker as spider - man . chorus of " oh 's " . steve look away as mike turn and glare at he a kyle speak . kyle that 's a moot point , they be two different character , clone yes ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 37 . the group laugh . kyle ( cont have ) but two different costume character entirely . one be scarlet spider and the other be spider - man - - - mike not help here kyle . ( to steve ) Son of a bitch ! you can not keep you fuck mouth close , can you ? steve ( wince ) you have think you have learn that by now though right ? begin teasing mike all at once . mike fuck you guy , okay . so what maybe I do happen to like this bartender a little , so what ? I deserve to be ... smitten by someone . MARK sure you just not try to " fitten " you cock in she ? mike that literally almost make I puke dude , congratulation sir . josh so ? enough suspense , tell we what 's really important , I have not see this mystery girl yet , be she hot ? steve she 's really cute man . MARK that 's not say much come from you fella . steve really ? the sexual seagull mock my taste ? MARK fuck this ! that name be not stick , I - -- ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 38 . a body come fly off camera to cross body block MARK to the ground . a scuffle of body be in progress on the ground as everyone watch while laugh . josh watch the booze , fucker ! steve good lord , this look like one of that movie kyle hide in the top of he closet . kyle fuck you ! I tell you , I have to doa report on different life style choice in my psych class . josh yea but you could have just as easily do it on be a vegetarian or a straight edger , no instead you choose male homosexuality , come on man , you could of do lesbian for fuck 's sake . steve and why the gay porn ? kyle dude I need to do research . josh why not just int . erview gay man ? kyle hindsight 's 20 / 20 asshole . steve point to the tangle body on the ground . steve kyle 's see this movie before it 's call a few hard Men laugh josh I think it be rawshank redemption laugh ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 39 . kyle it look like the Empire stroke back , or 28 gay later laugh steve you know you also burn yourself right ? kyle still funny . steve Fair enough . josh ha ha throb Hood !! no no touched by a uncle ! steve [ laugh ] the Sixth inch ! more laugh kyle what a twist ! more snicker and laugh mike have get MARK ina headlock and be beginning to give he noggy . mike say it ! say it ! say I be sorry , tell I you really want to be I . MARK stop , dammit this be not cool , really , come on , my hair , fuck dude stop it ! the entire group be laugh and stare still at the nonsense on the floor . MARK seriously , I be gonna do it , I be gonna do it , ok fucker , here we go , remember I warn you . MARK grab mike 's nipple and begin to twist it . mike fuck ! , stop , not fair , dude not fair . time out , time out , come on . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 40 . MARK fuck you time out , I tell you to stop . now I be gonna twist this bitch 's off and hang ‘em from my neck . josh that 's gotta hurt . kyle I dunno , sometimes that feel ... steve I swear if you finish that sentence the way I think you be I be gonna hit you really , really hard . kyle I be just say , that , sometimes , it feel good to have you nipp --- josh hit kyle in the stomach and he hit the floor with a loud thump , like someone dump a sack of potato of the floor . josh sorry kyle , it be for you own good . kyle touche ! mike seriously dude , I think I be bleed cut that shit out MARK tell I that I be the best and I ’1l1 stop bitch . tell I you wish you could be a golden god of fuck , like I . tell I I be you master and commander ! tell I I be the maverick to you goose ! tell I ! mike reach out and with a desperate lunge punch MARK in the ball . MARK ok , ok , you win ... dick ! MARK fall over while still in a stand fetal position . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 41 . mike dude , I think I be really bleed here , ow ! damn , [ towards MARK ] you draw blood asshole . MARK what the fuck , be that about asshole . I do not --- mike I would appreciate it if you would refrain from speak negatively about Ms. maggie sir . MARK [ off camera ] {dry heaving } I hate you so much right now . steve so you do defend you honor Mr. montalban ? can we finally go to the bar now ? mike what 's the day today ? steve [ shaking he head with disgust ] it 's Thursday creep . mike [ smile he dust himself off as he reply ] sound like a fantastic idea sir . steve yea I think you might see it that way . mike [ look at some bloody spot form around he nipple ] I should probably do something about this , huh ? steve yea , I mean to tell about that . josh you little girlfriend the bartender might not appreciate bloody milk nob like we do . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 18 19 www. barroomhero.com 42 . kyle [ softly ] bloody milk knob ? mike she 's not my girlfriend prick . [ towards steve ] you just can not keep you mouth shut can you ? steve like I say , you think you have learn that by now , huh ? mike [ shaking he head ] let 's go . the four guy begin walk outside . ext . - steve 's house - left man behind - evening josh hey we be miss a man . steve hey , MARK stop fuck around man , let go , hurry up . MARK be still on the ground crawl , half in and out of the doorway . MARK [ weakly ] I really , really hate you fuck guy , ow ! fuck I . int . - bar - day shot of maggie rush inside towards the bar . maggie [ out of breath ] I be sorry sus , I do not think I be go to be this late . that fuck asshole jon be make my life a nightmare . susie do not worry about it , you fine , it 's not like we be exactly busy tonight or anything . anna not that you would notice if it be , remind I again , do you even work here ? ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 43 . susie lick I priss . anna sorry , I be not really into herpes . maggie stop you two , please ! I have to argue with jon all the time , so I could really use some free time away from people bitching at each other . anna sorry magg . susie yea I too . maggie thanks . I be just , you know , fuck do , I be ready to get the fuck outta here , just jon and all this bullshit behind . anna what 's he do now sweetie ? maggie I do not know what he fuck deal be honestly , he 's fuck crazy ! if anything I should be the one who 's allow to go crazy . he leave I ! he seem to forget that little piece of information . susie yea , well at least you go through with it , now the fun part start , you get to meet new guy . anna you do understand that not everyone solve they problem by jump into another guy 's bed ? susie you do understand that this be not 1942 and we be not fuck quaker right ? woman 's liberation do sound somewhat familiar right ? --- Jesus , what the fuck be you problem , maggie 's go ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 44 . susie ( cont have ) through a divorce and I think if she want to have a little fun than she can . anna I understand that jezabell , I be just suggest that it might be wiser to hold off on any sort of relationship , for a bit . susie who say anything about a relationship ? you do not need a relationship to get laid ! maggie and susie high five and laugh . maggie jeez sus , I be not try to be a hooker but maybe some fun could not hurt , I mean , I do not know if I be really ready to start actually dating anyone seriously , I think I deserve to have some time to myself after what I have put up with . susie I be not try to make you into a slut magg , I be just say that sometimes a little midnight encounter do not hurt . also baby doll , have sex without be ina relationship do not make I a hooker , it --- anna make you a slut ? Cause hooker get pay at least and --- susie fuck off dorthy , this be not fuck Kansas . look , maggie , you do not need to burden yourself with another serious guy , just go out and date and flirt and ---fuck ! maggie [ laugh ] well , I do not know if I would exactly put it like that but I see what you say ... I think . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 45 . susie you do , I be just say go out and live a little , get out there and have some fun . anna magg do not listen to she , you smarter than that . you need to take some time and deal with yourself first . you gonna have some issue after this divorce , regardless of the outcome . I just wanna see you happy . maggie Anna , I be not a fuck mental case ok , I have and will continue to deal with jon and this divorce , I 'il be fine . anna I know you will sweetie , I just want you to be careful . maggie I know , I will be . susie okay this be get a little too fuck lifetime channel for I . tell I the truth , you like anyone ? anna seriously ! have you not hear a thing the past couple minute , she 's get a whole bunch of other stuff on she mind , the last thing --- maggie that 's kinda ironic actually because I have be think lately , have you guy notice that two guy that come in here all the time ? steve and mike . they kinda bigger guy , kinda young , mike 's get a beard ? susie steve and mike huh ? you do have a little devil inside , two for the price of one 's not bad , you double the chance of you finish , kinda like have a back -up . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 46. anna you be so nasty , magg tell I you not --- maggie God no ! nothing like that , not both of ‘em , I just kind of like the one , you know , I be kinda - -- crush I guess . susie well no shit ! I think you would never notice , mike totally have a thing for you , I mean he 's always here whenever you work , he 's always talk to you , and you guy flirt like forever and a day . I think I be go to have to hit you over the head for you to notice . he seem like a nice enough guy , I be sure he could be fun . anna wow ! I totally agree with susie , first time ever I think but yeah good choice . mike seem like a sweetheart and he totally have the hot for you . maggie well okay weird but no , actually , I be kind of talk about he friend steve . I dunno he 's really cute and well you go to think that this be weird but I think he have really sexy hand . anna that 's , um , yeah that 's actually really weird . very weird in fact . susie I second the weird thing . maggie I fuck tell you , I know I ’ma little weird . anyway , I be not look for he to be my boyfriend or anything , like you say , I be just look for he to be my little slice of ... fun . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 47. susie I agree , actually it 's a fact . my friend Cheryl go out with he a few time last year and she say he be very --- attentive towards she need . so , good call for you first post - marriage , booty call . anna maggie , no ! come on , we just talk about that stuff , do not sell yourself short . maggie Anna , I be not say I be gonna go out and fuck he , I be attract to he that 's all and I have like to hang out with he . anna well , I guess --- maggie and you , it do not mean a booty call , no , not at all . I just want it to be easy breezy , a non-bind agreement between two people who like to have fun . someone I can call to hangout or not call they for awhile . something along that line . susie and what would you call that , excatly ? maggie [ frustrated ] I dunno , maybe um , a - -- fuck it ! Fine a booty call . anna maggie ! maggie maybe I mean a emotional booty call , someone to listen to I complain . susie call it what you want , still a bootie call baby . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 48. maggie well call it that make it sound so ... bad and dirty . I be just tired of be lonely and not have anyone around . on the same hand though I do not really want to get involved in anything super serious . susie embrace you inner slut , you 'il feel better , I promise . anna Fucking nasty bitch ! susie oh my God ! Anna you just cuss , you better drop and do 3 hail mary really quick ! maggie leave she alone sus. jeez , I swear you a dude . susie I wish I be , if I have a cock , I would just ... fuck , I would just fuck and hump everything in sight .... start with you little hot ass . susie begin humping maggie while both girl be laugh . anna how 's that different from what you do now ? I mean minus the whole cock have thing ? susie aww do not feel leave out , I would give you a tumble in the sheet , after a couple of bottle of whiskey you know ? I mean I bet you not half bad when someone get you in the sack . anna that be none of you business and besides um , magg , I think you go to run into a little issue here . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 49 . maggie what have ya mean ? anna okay , well he friend obviously have a thing for you , and guy be pretty weird about that stuff . maggie I do not think that 's true , mike 's a great guy and we do talk but we so do not flirt . he 's like a really cool friend . susie who happen to have a dick . maggie ( mock disgust ) what do that have to do with anything ? susie well it 's scientific proof that any person possess a penis be incapable of be a platonic friend with person possess a vagina , and vice versa . maggie that 's stupid . anna ugh ! this be become a habit but she 's right , come on magg , think about it , you think you go to be able to actually hang out with mike without he or you actually develop some sort of feeling that stretch beyond be platonic ? maggie yes ! of course I can ! not only be I capable of develop say relationship with he , I can also keep it that way . susie oh , sweetie , that 's so cute , be it nice there ? be there good school and ample parking ? ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 50 . maggie ( confuse ) where ? susie in fucking denial !! you dream , there 's no fuck way that 's possible , especially once you tell he that you want to fuck he friend and not he . maggie you ’1l1 see ! next time he come in here , I be gonna ask he to talk to steve for I , see if he can send out some feeler for I and then I be go to ask mike if he want to hang out this weekend . watch ! there be a perfectly acceptable balance here that can be maintain ! anna magg , someone 's gonna hurt , you know that ? susie so what ? you know what , the more I think about i , the more it make sense . who care about mike , if he 's go to be a big pussy about everything then , oh well . maggie I care about mike , he 's my friend and this be a moot point because he do not like I like that . he think the same of I as I do he , okay , we be simply friend . anna well , here 's you chance to prove it . maggie [ look where susie be ] what be you talk about ....oh , oh shit . [ turing towards susie ] do not you say a word , promise ! ( groan ) good God I need to learn to keep my mouth shut . susie do not worry , I 'il give you till they leave for you to say something , ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 51. susie ( cont have ) then I be take matter into my hand . [ pinch maggie on the cheek ] just because I love you sweetie ! anna you better not susie , leave she alone . maggie thanks Anna . susie can not make I . anna oh yes I can , as shift leader I be send you to go wipe off table . susie fuck you ! you can not make I --- anna go now and do not say a word to mike or steve and maybe I x11 keep my mouth shut about you drink on the clock . susie you fuck would not ? anna try I ... sweetie ! susie Fine , okay fine . have it you way . susie walk off grumble . maggie thank you so much Anna , really . anna sssh !! income mike and steve be walk towards the bar while the rest of the guy head over towards the pool table . maggie ( nervous ) what 's up fella ? the usual ? ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 52. steve actually can I get a couple of pitcher and some quarter ? mike I 'il take a bottle and a shot please . maggie come up guy . maggie get they beer for they and take be money over to the register . susie so ? do you say something yet ? do you tell he how you want he sexy hand to play you gina like a naughty fiddle ? maggie that 's disgusting sus , Jesus , come on they just walk in , give I a fuck chance to work . susie do not you dare think about back out bitch , it 's now or never . maggie seriously , I x11 do it ok , just let I operate . [ look back at steve ] I bet he 's a fuck animal play sexy finger though . both girl start laugh while steve and mike stare at they steve so , you go to actually say something to she tonight ? mike I think I be , I mean I be twenty - seven year old dude , I be to old to play game right ? I be just gonna lay it all out there . steve that 's what I be fuck say man , show and tell baby . just whip that bad boy out on the table and see what happen . fuck yea , show and tell work nine time out of ten . ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 53. steve ( cont have ) it 's the element of surprise dude , they do not expect we to do some shit like that , catch they off guard and next thing you know , bam ! , like pavlov 's dog they mouth start water . good think dude , good think . mike seriously , what the fuck be wrong with you ? I be not whipping my dick out , I mean that I be go to lay out the way I feel about she , I be go to use word and phrase and possibly a analogy or two . my penis be stay in my pants ok ? that ok with you ? you a future sex offender dude , you realize this right ? steve whatever dude . go head , do it you way , I be sure million of gay guy get laid talk about they emotion and feeling , and butterfly and rabbit . you right , I be super stoke for you , good luck . mike I seriously do not understand why we be friend , I really do not , we be so each other opposite . I mean I just get behind the whole date rape movement you know ? it 's just , so , I dunno morally apprehensive and legally ... illegal . steve yea it 's a thin line to tread really , I mean kind of like the asshole / prick line you tread so well , oh well anything worth do be worth do well I suppose . mike I get a sack of door knob with you name on it buddy , I be not ... ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 54 . maggie ok guy here you go , two pitcher , two dollar in quarter and a bottle and a shot . steve thanks . [ turn towards mike ] you go to play first game ? mike Nah , I 'il be there in a little bit . go head and start with out I . steve ok , well then , guess I 'il see you in a bit . walk away steve be sing " feeling , nothing more than feeling , try to forget my feeling of love " mike [ shaking he head , obviously uncomfortable ] man , that guy 's crazy , he 's just so funny . so what 's um , new with you magg 's ? maggie um , same old thing really , jon 's be a asshole , my job suck , blah , blah , blah . nothing crazy exciting . mike oh yea , um it 's , it 's pretty nice outside huh ? just beautiful weather . maggie yea , um be you really try to discuss the weather with I ? mike no , I guess , um sorry ? hold ona tic . [ drink the shot ] mike ( cont ’d ) oh , ok , sorry , I be actually go to ask you a question , um , I think maybe , if you be not busy ... ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 55 . old man Excuse I honey , can I get a strohl 's down here ? maggie sorry mike hold on a second [ turn towards the customer ] sure thing , I gotta go get it from the back , I x11 be right with you . maggie walk towards the back of the bar while mike glare at the old man at the end of the bar . steve [ walk up ] dude what happen ? do you ask she ? mike I be just about to when old man wither down there just cock block I , fuck ! old man hey just because I be old do not mean I can not hear asshole . mike [ unnaturally aggressive ] fuck you old man ! I x11 kill you ! steve what the fuck be wrong with you ? first MARK and now you try to fight a old man ? chill the fuck out . old man listen to you girlfriend tubby , you do not want to dance with I . mike I be warning you matlock shut ... steve come on , dude we be go outside , you need some air . [ turn towards the old man ] Sir you be most assuredly not help . steve drag mike towards the door as the old man stare at they leave . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 56 . old man I think it be tea time you bitch 's . maggie come walk back from behind the bar with a bottle of beer . maggie here you go sweetie , put it on you tab ? old man actually that nice young gentleman that be sit down there say he would pick it up . maggie oh ok , that be nice of he . where do he go ? old man [ get up to go ] he say he have be back . 20 ext . - bar - evening cut to mike and steve outside , mike be still fume from the incident inside . mike can you believe that guy , what the fuck ? I hate fuck people , I really do . steve [ grab mike by the shoulder ] stop ! just fucking stop ! you be about to hit a old ass man in there dude , what the fuck be go on ? mike he fuck start it man , I be just about to say something and he purposely cut I off with a order . steve oh no , he fuck order a beer the whole world stop when mike 's about to grow a set of ball and make a move . will you listen to yourself , Jesus Christ ! you sound stupid . mike , all he do be order ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 57 . steve ( cont have ) a beer . I understand you stress about actually say something to this girl but you be a real asshole about this . mike I be the asshole ? you hear that old geezer talk shit ! what now all of a sudden you defend the fuck , the , the fuck land before time in there ? I think you be my friend ? steve I be not defend anyone dude but you just threaten to kill a old man in there , really ? you say the word I " m go to kill you old man ! I be not a lawyer or anything but I be pretty sure that 's illegal . mike no jury in the world would convict I if they meet he . steve do you know you insane ? I mean be crazy people aware that they be crazy ? mike I be not insane dick , I be just ..... I dunno , ok , what do you want I to say huh ? you want I to go and say I be sorry to Professor plum in there ? steve [ silent for a few second ] that be kind of a obscure reference there dude . mike yea I be play clue yesterday . mike be silent a minute and just look at the ground . finally he take a deep breath and continue lunch mike what the fuck be wrong with I ? dude , I can not help it man , I just can not help it , this situation have ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 58 . mike ( cont have ) get I crazy man , I can not think straight . steve look dude just take a deep breath , and relax . go in there , walk straight up to the bar and just ask she out . what 's the worst that happen ? she say no , ok well then at least you will not be kill yourself with all this bullshit anxiety , just go in there and get it out of the way . mike that 's easy for you to say man but I do not operate that way . I can not just say what I wanna say , I be not you . I do not operate on direct and openness , I rely on subterfuge and misdirection . steve look where that have get you . fuck the way you use to be and just fuck go for it already . mike dude she 's really fuck cool though too , what if she get weird ed out and not only do i not get to go out with she but then I lose she as a friend as well . steve she 's a fucking bartender ! I be sure she get hit on all the time . i highly doubt that she 's go to completely write you off because you ask she out . mike you right . you absolutely right , it 's time I grow the fuck up . thanks man , sometimes I be glad you my friend . the two start walk back towards the bar and steve hold the door open for mike . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 21 www. barroomhero.com 59 . int . steve I still say you should just play show and tell , that 's the way to go . mike you sure know how to ruin a moment dude , know that ? steve feeling be for pussy . mike [ softly ] dammit . - bar - evening mike walk in and head towards the bar while steve head back to the bar . maggie everything ok ? mike yeah , no , everything 's fine . actually I be just wonder if um , maybe , I could ask you a question , um maybe , if that be ok , you know ? maggie uh , yea go ahead , because actually afterward I want to ask you something , it 's .... susie actually she want to ask you if steve have a girlfriend ? maggie shut up bitch ! go away ! mike [ confuse ] um , what ? I , uh , no he do not , he 's um single , but I do not ... susie well good then , that 's a plus . I be go to go stock beer now . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 60 . mike she 's a , she 's a special person , she 's always , you know ask weird question huh ? do she like steve ? maggie actually mike , I be wonder if maybe you could help I out a little bit . mike [ excited ] yea , anything you know that . maggie well actually it 's kinda a two fold question . mike sure , fire away . maggie okay , well you have be in here a lot lately and well , you have no idea how much I enjoy the chance we get to talk and well , I do not know how to say this but --- mike magg , I think I know what you try to say here and I agree , I think it 's time we move we relationship to the next level . maggie really ?! you agree then ? mike I have feel it since I first walk in here and I be not too sure if you feel the same way but I mean this be great --- maggie you have no idea what a relief this be , ( laugh ) I always feel so weird admit that I do not really have a lot of friend but now , oh god , I - -- mike ( confuse ) shut up ! what ? ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 61. maggie Excuse I ? mike I be sorry , I do not really understand ... wait what ?... what happen , what just happen ? maggie ( laugh ) you so weird sometimes , jeez but that 's why I like you so much and you have no idea how how much this friendship be go to mean to I , I mean you have a lot of friend already but this be awesome . thanks so very much . I love ya ! maggie come from around the bar and embrace mike while kissing he on the check . mike no need for , uh , um , thanks . yeah , friend , best friend , that 's what we be . a force smile appear on mike 's face which quickly turn into a grimace as maggie kiss he on the cheek . maggie okay so , this weekend I be off Sunday and so wanna come over and watch a movie with I ? I ’1l1 make popcorn ( teasingly ) mike um yeah , that 's 1ll be cool , I guess , we can totally hang out ... and be all friend like and stuff , we can practice we friendship skill together as ... friend and make friendship ..... bracelet , together ....as .... friend ... awesome . maggie I be so excited !! I be a little worried there for a second , man , I be so stupid . mike oh , um what be you worried you about ? ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 62. maggie nothing . you 'il think it be stupid . mike no I will not , really , I mean we be um , friend so what , I mean , you know , we should not keep thing from each other . maggie well , susie get it into she head that you like I like I and that kinda get I worried that you like I like I . stupid huh ? mike yea ... real stupid haha , I mean I like like you be just crazy , that 's just the worst thing that could possibly happen to we huh ? jeez , that , that susie , what a character , a little jokester , jeez , so no , do not worry , I do not like like you , I just like you . I mean whew ! you know disaster avert . ha ...ha . maggie you so awesome , thanks , now I get to rub it in susie 's face that she be wrong , she hate be wrong . mike yeah , she 's pretty wrong , I mean as wrong as you can get , if there be a wrongville she would be the mayor , no the president , no , emperor . ha ha , just as wrong as you can be . you win that one , of sure . you .... definitely win . maggie ( laugh ) you crazy but in a good way . mike thanks , I think . um , so what be the other thing you want to ask ? maggie ok here it go , please do not laugh but well , you know I have be go ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 63. maggie ( cont have ) through this entire divorce and well in reality it 's be over for a really long time , way before I even file for a divorce . the truth be that , I just have not really have a chance to have fun in awhile . I have not be able to really enjoy myself or just ... or just be . it seem like the past three year have be full of nothing but drama and I be ready to cut loose , you know . that 's why I be so excited to have you as my friend , I mean I finally get someone to hang out with . mike yea yea , I understand , totally , you deserve to be able to enjoy yourself . maggie exactly ! so I be wonder if , maybe , you could maybe say something to steve about I , that would be so awesome . I think he 's funny and just so adorably cute , I think we could have so much fun together . I do not want anything serious , you know , just someone I can kind of hang out with every know and then when I need a hand or something , just something easy and free of hassle . mike [ softly ] that be kind of unexpected . [ louder ] um , yeah , I could totally do that for you , no worry . can I have three shot please . maggie really !!? Jesus ! you amazing ! I can not thank you enough ! this shot be on I . mike um thanks , but just so I understand , you want steve to be you um , booty call ? ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 64. maggie [ hurt ] Christ mike , do not say it like that , you make I sound like a whore ! mike no , no , I do not mean anything negative , I be just say , you do not want any attachment or anything and ... maggie I be just fuck with you mike . I do not like that term but I guess in reality that 's pretty fair . maggie ( cont ’d ) so , do you think he 'il be int . erest ? I mean , I ’ma twenty - nine year old divorcee , I do not even know if he 'il want anything to do with I ? mike begin to down all the shot in a one , two , three manner and the astonishment show on maggie 's face . mike um yea , I know he 'il be int . erest , um , in fact I ’1ll go talk to he right now , trust I , he 's a idiot if he 's not into you . maggie no ! you do not have to do it now , I mean it can wait , I do not want you to embarrass he or something in front of all you friend , mike it can wait ! mike wave away she comment as he walk towards the back of the bar . steve dude how have it go ? I see she smile all the way back she , dude , you do it right ?! mike well not quite sure , I think we be bff 's now but um just follow I outside . do not ask question , just come outside . steve follow mike outside quietly . 65 . 22 ext . - bar - patio - evening steve dude , so , um what the fuck ? what happen up there ? you ok ? mike well she like somebody , I mean it 's not exactly what I expect or anything but I do not know man . steve oh shit dude . she 's dating someone be not she ? I fuck know it , I fuck know man . she sit there and flirt with you the whole time and she 's fuck dating some other douche bag , what the fuck , I ... mike no dude , it 's not exactly that , she like ... steve fuck it man , just fuck forget about she man . we 'il grab the guy and go hit the titty bar . you ’1ll forget about she real quick with a nice pair of fat - boy in front of you . we 'il get Russell crowe drunk dude , we will be in - fuck - vincible . trust I , I know what you need right now dude , you do not need that fuck ... mike [ angry ] dude will you shut the fuck up for a second ! I be try to tell you what she say . she like you ! she want you to be she , she fuck booty call ! oh shit , I just gag a little there . steve what ! really , ...me ?... wow ! mike yeah . I know , that 's kinda fuck up huh ? steve dude , I do not know what to say , I be sorry man really . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 66 . mike dude , it 's okay man , really , I think you should go for it , really , you guy deserve it . I mean she do tell I she want I to be she friend . steve the fuck do that mean ? mike my guess be she like I but not physically , so that I do not fill that particular requiem , however she enjoy hang out I , so she want you to do that . I dunno , I do not fuck get it really . steve I be so confuse . mike like superman . lois do not want to fuck Clark , she want to fuck superman but she would go shopping and hang out with Clark . I be fuck Clark Kent . steve so then , I be superman and you Clark ? mike well in a manner of speak , um yeah , I guess and fuck you . steve just joke dude and by the way ... be you fuck nut ! I be not go to do that , what the fuck ? you have totally be obsessed with she , I would not do that to you . mike I appreciate the sentiment , I really do but listen . yes I be totally into she but dude she 's be go through a lot and I mean fuck , whatever she deserve a little bit of happiness . you the same way , I know you think she 's hot , so why would I stand in the way . besides I mean , you know I ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 67 . mike ( cont have ) really do enjoy she company so maybe this be for the better . nine time out of ten I end up not talk to broad after I date they anyways so maybe this be for the better . you know ? steve that 's kind of fuck up though , I can not do that to you man , that 's just , that 's not right . mike if you can tell I you do not think she 's attractive and not be a fuck liar about it then I x11 leave it alone but do not fuck not do this because of I . I be tell you to go ahead and do this , it 's not a issue with I . if I could not have she then at least my best friend can get she . steve dude , I do not know ... what ... mike seriously . this be really okay , i promise . she 's not my property , I do not own she , it 's not like I can pick and choose what she do or who she like . why would I stand in the way of you two because I have some foolish little crush . steve dude she be kinda attractive but .... dude I dunno . mike it 's ok , if you want to do it , then go ahead , go talk to she . trust I it 's ok . I be gonna get out here anyway so no worry . good luck . steve you sure ? mike yeah , totally dude , think about it if you want but I mean , do it , really , I be cool do not worry about man . 23 24 25 26 68 . int . - bar - evening the camera follow mike as he walk back in and head to the bar and speak with maggie for a few minute . maggie look excited and she hug and kiss he again . mike awkwardly hug she back and then move towards the exit door while MARK , josh , and kyle make gesture towards he , which he ignore . the screen split into four as one square show mike walk sadly to a car . the second square show the confuse look of they friend at the table . the third square show a happy look maggie . the fourth show a very confuse look steve . int . - bar - at the bar - day the scene open with a montage of event happen to both mike and steve and maggie . a - show steve and maggie sit at the bar hold hand and laugh . CUT to : int . - another bar - day the scene shift to a drunk mike , hold a bottle of liquor , yell and start random altercation at the back of the bar . CUT to : int . - maggie 's house - night b- steve and maggie be cuddle on a couch awash in the glow from a television . they be both obviously happy and content . CUT to : 27 28 29 30 31 69 . int . - mike 's bedroom - night then a shot of a filthy room with fast food wrapper and other junk littering the floor . mike be sit on the floor with a can of yellow spray paint and a brown paper bag . there be yellow spray paint around he mouth and he be sport a black eye . he spray the paint into the bag and inhale the bag . CUT to : ext . - grassy field - day C - maggie be riding on steve 's back through a grassy meadow , they take a tumble on the ground and roll around with each other laugh and hugging . CUT to : ext . - dirty and dimly lit alley - mike versus bum - night scene switch to mike roll on the ground with another shabbily dress individual , the camera finally reveal that they be struggle with each other for a bottle of liquor . mike come up with the bottle and begin pour it in he mouth while the other " drunk " tackle he from behind and take it . he then get up and give mike a kick or two for good measure . CUT to : int . - maggie 's house - bedroom - night D - steve and maggie twirling in a circle while kissing and go into a bedroom and the door shutting behind they . CUT to : int . - mike 's bathroom - day cut to mike cry in the bathroom while look at the bra section of a sale catalog with a bottle of jergen in he other hand . in a rage of frustration he throw the paper and lotion away and grab the paper bag and spray paint . scene open with mike sit by himself and josh and MARK bust in he door . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 70 . josh where the fuck have you be ? MARK more importantly why do it look like you have be blow big bird ? mike I do not wanna really talk about it . [ look around ] where the fuck be that bottle at ? josh dude , seriously , you need some help man , you smell like my grandpa Ed . MARK I be wonder why it smell so familiar in here . how 's he do by the way ? josh oh not bad , I mean he get a hip replacement a few month ago but other than that he 's not too bad . MARK jeez , I keep meaning to get over there and see he but it seem like every time I plan on go over there something pop up . josh yeah , you should pop in and see he , I know that would make he day . MARK I need to , I know . I be just remember the other day that time when he come over we apartment without any pants on and he ... at this point mike have find he bottle and be take swig from it . mike look , can you guy take the catch - up conversation else where , I be try to wallow in self pity over here and it 's kind of hard with you two lady jibber - jabber . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 71 . josh shit , sorry dude , forget what we be do here . [ clear throat ] um , so anyways , we be here because we be worried about you , I mean we have not see you in like two week then here you be huffing fuck spray - paint and drink cheap ass whiskey . MARK seriously , maybe that shit 's fun when you like 12 but really dude come on ? you better than that . you have not even talk to steve in forever man , he 's really worried . mike fuck that ! steve can go fuck himself and that stupid broad . and how dare you fuck judge I , maybe I happen to enjoy huffing spray paint and drink cheap whiskey , I do not say shit about you guy 's weirdly homo-erotic relationship , do I ? josh fuck you asshole ! that 's what this shit be all about ? huh ? this be all about some girl , you live like a fuck homeless man because steve be dating some girl who , mind you , you tell he to go ahead and date anyways ? MARK do not get shitty with we because we make the mistake of give a shit about you . mike wait ! what do you just say ? MARK yeah I know right , big surprise we actually give a shit about you . mike no dip shit , not you . [ point in josh 's direction ] what do you just say , about steve and maggie . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 72. josh [ look perplex ] what be you ... what that they dating ? mike jesus , mary and fucking joesph ! you gotta be shitting I . Son of a bitch ! mike begin pace around the room and mumble color phrase and random curse . josh lean in close to MARK and begin speak . josh wow ! he 's , um , he 's fuck up . MARK well thanks John fuck madden for the ever so keen observation . josh Excuse I Dr. phil , I never know you be so gift in the area of tell someone they best friend be dating they dream girl . any further retort be int . errupt by the sound of glass shatter . mike be stand over the remain of a shattered lamp . mike this be bullshit , this be total fuck bullshit , he do not even like she ! he want to fuck the other one . [ point at MARK ] this be all my fault . I should of walk into that bar and pull a steve . I should of walk up to she , pull my dick out , slap it against she forehead a little , I dunno , then maybe rubbed it against she ass for good measure . I mean that 's what he would of do , she obviously like that . fuck ! I should of just try to be a asshole , if I would treat she like shit , then I bet she would of want to suck I off right in front of all of you . fuck ! MARK come on dude , steve 's not the asshole here and it 's not you fault . I mean he tell you , he ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 73. MARK ( cont have ) specifically tell you that he be not go to do it . he say he would decline because he know you like she . you say go for it . why the fuck be you sit here and cry over spill milk ? mike run over to MARK and grab the front of he shirt as if he be plead with he . mike they be just supposed to be fuck buddy ! be that understandable ? be my voice trigger the neurotransmitters in you ear ? be you brain correctly int . erprete the various pulse and charge they send to it ? can you understand .... the ..... word ....1I be ..... speak ? MARK fuck you ! what I do not understand be what 's the fuck difference ? they either fuck with or without a relationship ? so what ? they be still f...uu...c...k k...i...n...g! mike you sir , be a idiot . mike run he hand through he hair and light a cigarette . he inhale and then exhales slowly . mike look , if they just have a booty call arrangement then yes , that would be fine . the fact be that they be now in a commit relationship ... and still bump nasty in the process . i figure they would fuck for awhile and then she would get bored and then move to look for a more meaningful relationship . or she would tire of he alpha male , borderline chauvinistic behavior and want a more caring and nurture guy . we all know that I be fuck Mr. meaningful relationship , I be the king of fucking nurture and caring ! the ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 74 . mike ( cont have ) fact that they be ina relationship be a death sentence against we be together . that kill any sort of shot I ever have with she . I mean they change the rule of the game midway through the second quarter . they call a fuck audible . now that they together , they gonna spend more time together , which be natural . then they gonna start have feeling for each other . then someone in they family be gonna die and guess who 's they to comfort they ? oh that 's right they be ! that 's only go to feed they closeness , shortly there after she 's gonna get pregnant and he 's go to tell she to keep it because he love she . that lead to marriage , which then lead to joint . bank account which then lead to mortgage which then turn into college fund which then turn into life insurance which become 20th wedding anniversary which may or may not lead to death or divorce . so I either get to watch they grow old and be happy together or I get to finally have a crack at it when I be 55 and smell like beef jerky and cabbage . either way I be fuck ! josh do you just say you be the king of fuck ? Cause I be pretty sure you do . MARK shut the fuck up josh . ( turn towards mike ) so you imply that the only reason you give steve the green light be because you be count on he to fuck it up ? mike I be not imply anything , I be say that be the reason ! ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 75 . MARK not for nothing dude but that be a really stupid idea , not to mention that 's a kinda shitty thing to do to a friend . besides you be willing to settle for sloppy second ? mike I have no clue that they would actually end up dating . steve never give a shit about woman usually , how the fuck be I suppose to know ? that girl be something special man , I would take the sloppiest of sloppy second if it mean I could be with she . mike begin to pace around the room again and mumble . MARK and josh be just stare at he with a look of uncertaint.y and disdain . finally mike look up and speak . mike this be seriously fuck , dude I be fuck here man . I really do not know what to do . josh in reality , what can you do ? mike I move back here with nothing , with fuck nothing . I have hate this place since day one , and look I be back . there be nothing here for I , nothing ! MARK well gee mike fuck you too ! what , you do not have friend anymore . mike you guy be different , you guy be my friend and I love you but aside from that there be nothing here . my life be not suppose to be like this , I be suppose to be go now , live by the ocean , get up everyday and smell the salt in the air and see the palm tree everyday . instead I wake up everyday smell refine oil and taste the metal in the air . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 76 . josh what do this have to do with maggie ? mike everything ! I hate my life ! I hate be here then I meet here . you know then I meet she and I get to know she . fuck man , she actually make it seem as if this place be not so bad . she give I a reason to stick around . now , what the fuck , I be back to square one . MARK listen , fuck that ! you can not fuck live you life for someone else ! what be gonna happen if you guy break up ? what be you go to run away again ? seriously ? F that . you need to decide what you want , without include someone else into the equation . mike I want she ! that 's what I want ! her ! MARK well that 's not gonna happen man , so it 's time to suck it up and stop this shit ! you fuck better than this , you be , you deserve way more than what you get go on now . think about it . a long silence follow while mike appear to be do just that . mike fuck it man , you know , just fuck it . you right , you both right . I need to get it together . what 's do be do I guess , you know hopefully they make each other happy I guess . I have be act like a douche I guess , fuck it , let 's go to the bar . MARK ( put he arm around mike as they walk out ) Fucking thank you , let 's get outta here . this place look like a scene ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 32 www. barroomhero.com 77 . MARK ( cont have ) from trainspotting and I can not handle a baby walk on the ceiling right now . oh yea , um , you might wanna wash you face off , it seriously look like woodstock give you a money shot . MARK and mike exit the room while josh linger behind look suspicious . josh you guy go head , um , I 'il be out there in a minute , I just gotta , um , use the bathroom . josh begin look around and pick up the can and spray paint gingerly . he spray a little bit in the bag and take a tiny huff . his eye widen and a tiny smile spread on he lip as he spray in a much longer spray . int . - bar - night scene open with MARK and mike sit at a hi top litter with bottle . mike dude , I dunno , I guess I just move back here expect the worst and it be like that for awhile , you know , but then I meet maggie and it just all change , I kind of maybe think that she might make this place a little more tolerable . MARK fuck that , listen , why be you depend on someone else to make you life worth while man . so what ? Big fuck deal , you move away and in the end have to move back . there 's no shame in that , just now you know what to expect when you try again next time . if you unhappy here then no one else be ever go to be able to truly change that . maybe it 'il help you deal for a little bit but in the end you go to find yourself right back where you be now . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 78. mike I guess so . this place just suck the fuck life from you man , I mean look around . this place be a black hole , it suck you in . you bear and raise here , you end up marrying someone from here , next thing you know you have kid and bill , you just can not pack up and leave anymore . next thing you know you work in the fuck mill , just live check to check , try to make end meet while you kid be grow up and fall into the same trap . josh enter the frame behind they yell and generally cause a ruckus . there 's paint smear around he mouth and he have wild eye . josh run josh wooooohooo0000 ! I fuck love this place ! fuck yea ! ( point off camera ) you ! I do not even know you but fuck , I love you , give daddy a hug ! off camera again , leave MARK and mike alone . mike Jesus Christ ! MARK ( laugh ) I fuck love that guy . look seriously , steve 's you best friend you know , I mean do not let this situation ruin it . it 's just a girl , you know ? mike I know dude , I know but , just one time , I have really like thing to go my way for a change , I have like to see thing work out for I . I guess I maybe just see she as be a sort of make - up for have to move back home . it seem like it might have almost be worth it , I guess . the conversation be int . errupt by kyle enter the bar and walk up to the table . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 79 . kyle well , well sir , look who decide to come up for air . you know we have bet on you . mike what kind of bet ? kyle well 3 - 1 say you join the priest hood , um , 2 - 1 say you be join the Zapata rebellion in chiapas the 10 - 1 long shot be that you stick you head in the oven and no one have the notice the smell yet . mike with friend like this , fuck . kyle I take the priesthood spread , fyi . mike retort be cut short by josh 's bellow from off screen . josh ( off camera ) kyle ! hey kyyyylllleee ! check it out man , this fuck thing be pierce !!! come look ! hot damn ! kyle Jesus , lemme go calm he down before he get mace again . kyle start walk away and then stop and turn around . kyle oh hey , steve 's outside and want you to go talk to he . kyle walk away . MARK get up and start to follow with a sly grin on he face . mike you guy set this up do not you ? all of this , to get I to come out . MARK sometimes all we need be a little nudge in the right direction . mike thanks MARK , you a stand up dude , know that . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 33 www. barroomhero.com 80 . MARK well do not spread that around too much , woman prefer asshole . mike get up and start head for the door . as he 's leave you hear MARK 's voice off screen . MARK where 's that can of spray paint josh , let 's fucking do this ! josh in you mutha !!! ext . - bar - parking lot - night mike approach steve who be sit on the car with he head down . mike hey man , what 's , um , what 's be go on steve ( look up with a bit of moisture in he eye ) oh hey , .... nothing really , have not see you in a bit , how 's -- mike look dude , I be really sorry I have be a ass lately and --- steve stop , it 's my fault man , I should not do what I do -- mike I tell you it be okay , I start act like a douche man , I be sorry I have be like this -- steve it 's okay , really , I mean , actually -- mike shut up . look let I say this , I be really sorry , I tell you everything would be okay and well , I be sorry I lie . it be okay , it actually suck , I mean , I should of say ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 81 . mike ( cont have ) something before . the point be that now , I do not care . really this time , I hope you guy make each other happy , I really do . you my best friend , I do not wanna lose that . steve dude , um , we be not together anymore , I break thing off with she tonight , actually . silence as mike stare at he and steve look at the ground again . mike oh thank God . I do not think I could deal with you guy be together . steve ( confuse ) I think you just say that you want we to be happy ? mike fuck . that 's just something you say to a friend because they wanna hear it . it 's like tell a girl she do not look fat in something when she obviously do . you know , when she wear a skin tight shirt think it look good , but she hip look like a unevenly baked muffin top . or how you tell she that yea , cuddle be better than sex . steve ( lightly laugh ) you fuck crazy , you know that ? mike ( laugh ) see , if you guy be together than I could handle it , you my friend , she 's awesome , I have put up with it , it would still suck but I have endure . it just suck cause , she consume so much of my think and all that time go to the bar and talk with she , I just , she just get under my skin you know , she 's get a ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 82. mike ( cont have ) way of make I want to take care of she , I just can not stop , she 's like a pringle to I or heroin , you know , once you pop you can not stop . steve that would be a good slogan for drug dealer , they should co - opt it . mike ( laugh ) right ?... so be you okay ? you look beat up ? steve I be good , just , I be worried about she , she get kinda attach ... emotionally . that 's why I have to end it , i do not feel the same way . it be fine just have a booty call , but I be no good for she if she want a relationship , it have be unfair to she . mike jeez , I be really , honestly sorry man . at least you do the right thing though . you could of drag it on for awhile just for sex . steve I know , I be just worried about she she 's in really bad shape man . I be worried she 's gonna do something stupid . mike she 's really that bad ? steve really . I be not try to be conceit but she 's still get issue with the ex and then now all this stuff with I , I just do not know if she 's gonna be strong enough to handle it all . I be really worried . mike she 's gonna be fine man , trust I . she just need some time to heal up ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 83 . mike ( cont have ) that 's all . do not dwell , she 'il come to understand with time that you do the right thing . steve I guess . another period of silence both character be look around at the empty parking lot . mike um , well , you sure you gonna be okay ? I be plan on head out , I gotta go do some read and shit . i’1l stay if you still wanna chat though . steve nah , do not worry about it . I x11 probably just head in here and have a couple . thanks though . steve get up and start head towards the door of the bar . mike hey ! steve turn around and look at mike mike gimme a call tomorrow , we ’1ll go grab a beer . steve sound good man . steve walk into the bar and mike climb into he car . he start it and start fiddling with radio . as he prepare to leave he cell phone ring . mike hello ? mike hey you . mike no I be actually leave the bar now . what 's up ? ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 34 35 36 www. barroomhero.com 84 . mike yea sure , be everything ok ? mike yea , how do I get there ? mike ok , cool , I 'il be there in a bit . mike hang up the phone and look blankly out the window . mike ( softly ) fuck I . ext . - maggie 's house - mike 's car - walk to door - night mike be sit outside maggie 's house in he car stare ahead blankly . we see the door be open to she house and we can hear soft music float through the air from she house . mike get 's out and slowly make he way to the open front door . int . - maggie 's house - live room - night mike let himself in and survey the dimly light room before call out . Inside the house there be box all over the place and the house be strangely empty . mike hello ? maggie ? magg 's ? where be you ? int . - maggie 's house - kitchen - night the sound of of soft cry carry from the kitchen and mike follow it to the kitchen where he find maggie sit with she knee pull to she chest . she be softly sobbing . mike uh , maggie ? be everything okay ? um , the door be open so I just kinda come in , do not know if that be cool or not , so I hope it be . maggie ( in between sob and sniffles ) mike it 's okay , I think maybe it 's better if you leave though , I be not in good shape you know . I be sorry I ( more ) ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 85 . maggie ( cont have ) call you , I think that be a mistake . mike lower himself to a sit position beside she . mike well it 's true that you have probably have um , better day but you kinda have this whole Nancy Kerrigan cry " why " thing go on and I have always have a thing for she so I think I 'il stick around . maggie ( laugh ) you jerk . fuck mike , what happen ? everything get soo fuck up so fast , I can barely comprehend it myself . I think I be crazy . mike you not , stop that . I be not sure what happen either , I just actually talk to steve right before you call and he kinda explain everything and , um , I be sorry about the way thing happen between you two . maggie really ? what the fuck do he have to say ? mike um , well , nothing really just that you get emotionally attach and he have to uh , um , end it tonight , and he say he be worried about you though , he do make that clear . maggie that piece of shit !! I get emotionally attach !! asshole neglect to tell you that he do too , he do not mention that he say " I love you " first or that he be think about move in here huh ? what a son of a bitch ! mike I guess in the confusion he must , have , um , neglect to mention that --- tid bit . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 86. maggie seriously ?! I be fuck curse , it figure this would happen , I mean - -- ( begin cry ) what the hell be wrong with I mike ? what have I do to deserve all of , all of this , this bullshit ? --- I try so fuck hard , I really do , I mean , I just want thing to actually work for I , you know ? mike stop , please ? this be not you fault , you do not do anything wrong , I swear ! maggie then tell I what 's wrong please ? please mikey , tell I what the fuck be wrong with I ? why be I doom to be leave ? why do everyone always leave I ? it hurt , it hurt so fuck much . mike put he arm around maggie and pull hug she to himself . mike hey , listen to I , listen , you be the problem ! there be nothing wrong with you ! fuck everyone else ! you be so amazing and special , do not you ever forget that . if nobody else can see that then , they loss . maggie be 's just too much sometimes , I feel like , I feel like I be ina fuck chinese finger trap everytime I try to do something to help myself or I try to struggle through my problem , it just get 's tighter . I be fuck no matter what I do . maybe that 's the reality I should face , maybe I should just realize that it 's not go to get any better , maybe I should not expect anything better , maybe it 's time I call it quit , I just ---- I just wanna die . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 87. mike ( angere ) do not fuck talk talk like that , hear I , do not you ever say something stupid like that again . everything may not be better in the morning and it may not be better in a few week , but goddammit , everything will be okay at some point - maggie how do you know ?! how the fuck can you say something like that ? how do you know ! you do not even really know anything about I ! mike I know enough to know that I fuck love you ! I know it break my heart to see you like this . I know that everything be go to be alright because I be go to make sure it be ! maggie ( laugh softly ) what mike , you go to be my Guardian angel ? you go to be my very own , personal Michael landon ? mike maybe ! maybe i’1l be better than Michael landon , maybe I x11 be --- fuck --- Michael landon on ' roid ! maggie mike , I just , I do not know why I call you , there 's nothing you can do really , I mean I just have to work this out on my own . I have to figure out my own crazy . maggie get up off the ground at this point and put she head on the kitchen counter and begin cry again . mike get up off the ground also and begin to lightly rub she back . mike magg 's , you not crazy and you do not have to work it out by yourself , I wanna be here , I wanna help you --- ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 88. maggie whirl around and cut off mike 's word . her face be mixture of anger and bewilderment . maggie help I do what mike ? you wanna help I get better ?! be that what you want to help I do ? you want to play the role of the hero ? you wanna save little ol I from myself and the big bad world ? you gonna keep I safe mikey boy ? mike maggie , I do not , um , I do not mean it like that , I just --- maggie oh , ok , I get it , you really wanna help I huh ? you wanna help I right out of this clothes right ? mike I never fuck say any --- maggie you wanna help I though huh ? well here let I help you help I . do this help ? maggie start remove she shirt and pants and throw they at mike one at a time as she emphsize each " help " . mike please stop , okay , just fuck stop . I do not want any this to happen , not like this . maggie what mike ? you think because you friend fuck I you could come over here and show I a little pity , maybe tell I some sweet thing and then you have be able to slide right in where steve be ?! you think maybe I be like a fuck kmart Blue light special , two for the price of one ?! well fuck you and fuck you , there 's two for the price of one mike , it 's you lucky day ! ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 37 38 39 40 www. barroomhero.com 89 . mike maggie , I be just gonna go head and leave , this be a --- maggie waste of time ? you fuck better believe that " friend " . you be waste you time . telling I you love I and shit , that 's so fuck weak mike , fuck you man , I think we be friend , just get the fuck outta here , I maybe open but I be close for business . mike give maggie a final look goodbye and walk out the door . ext . - maggie 's house - mike 's car - mike lean against he car outside and glance at the house . he lean he head back and inhale deeply . flashback to : flashback montage the scene cut to a brief montage of the time mike and maggie have spend together set to music . ext . - maggie 's house - mike 's car - night we cut back to mike against the car CUT to : he look at the house again and he shrug he shoulder and speak a soft " fuck it " . he march towards the house and we see that he be determine . int . - maggie 's house - stair - night mike walk into the house , up the stair and into the kitchen . leaning on car - night lean on car : fuck it - 90 . 41 int . - maggie 's house - kitchen - night a startle maggie be on the floor cry and hold a bottle of wine and she speak . maggie I think I tell you --- mike first thing 's first , fuck you ! maggie well fuck --- mike now you go to listen ! you call I over here , so now you go to listen to I . do not try and use the time that I be talk to think of another clever remark , use it to think about what I be tell you . I be not here to fuck you ! that 's not the reason I come , I be here because , like I say I give a shit about you ! yes , I know that it sound impossible to you but yes , I care about you and I be not try to fuck you ! guess what ?! life suck , life suck a big one , and one way or another we all get fuck in the end . it 's no surprise , it 's go to happen and sometimes it happen alot ! I be live proof ! maggie be this suppose to --- mike stop ! just listen . I fuck love you ! I fall in love with you the moment I laid eye on you , I have know since day one . I have also know that the chance of someone like you and someone like I happen be nil . fuck ! talk about get fuck over by the world , the one girl who make this fuck pit stop of town seem worthwhile and she go and fall for my best friend ! the last good thing about this town and she like steve ! ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 91. maggie mike , I be sorry , I have no --- mike hold up he hand to stop she and he continue . mike it 's my fault , I never say anything but I tell steve to go ahead and pursue it if he be int .erested . you know why ? because you have put up with so much bullshit lately that I figure well , hey fuck it , if this be what it take to make she happy then , fuck it , she deserve it ! and I get to be she friend at least , so it be win win . you fuck light up my life ! you do that to I . I go to the bar just to see you ! you be the only reason I have on several occassion to keep go ! I look forward to just be around you , that keep I go . so now I be return the favor , I wanna be that person that you lean on when you need help , I be here for you , and I be not try to fuck you , I be here as you friend because at the end of the day , when all the bullshit 's do , that 's who stick around ... you friend . maggie get up off the ground and hug mike and begin cry in earnest . maggie I be so sorry , I have no idea , I be really sorry . mike it 's okay really , just , it 's okay . I promise . maggie lift she head and she nose be touch mike 's nose , they lip be inch apart . maggie mike , why , why do you care ? there be a couple second of silence as maggie and mike never break intense eye contact . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 42 www. barroomhero.com 92 . mike because you someone special , to I . I do not wanna see you hurt , because , I , I fuck --- because , I love you . maggie passionately kiss mike and he return the kiss . int . the bed sun the fade to black : - maggie 's house - bedroom - dawn scene fade to black and reopen with the two of they in together , hold hand and look at each other . the be come in through the curtain . bedroom be sparsely decorate and there be even more box in this room seal up . maggie ( laugh ) I hope you do not think I be some sort of slut or anything . mike never that Ms. maybe a little ... adventurous , especially after ....um the last ... two hour . the two of they start laugh and she lean over and give he a quick kiss . maggie I just want you to know that last night mean alot to I , and the thing you say to I be more than likely the nicest thing anyone have ever say to I , ever ! mike I mean every single word I say . you do not have to thank I , I be scared actually . maggie why ? why would you have be scared ? you should of say that thing earlier maybe thing would of be different . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 93. mike ( laugh ) I be not scared about that , and no , I think this happen at the right time , if I would of say something sooner the timing would not have be right and it just , you know stuff happen when it 's suppose to , not when we want it to but when it 's mean to happen . you know ? maggie stare at mike for a second int . ently and then she smile slightly . they both arm . maggie I like that , I do and it make perfect sense . now answer my question jerk , what be you scared about ? mike it 's stupid but , well , I guess I be scared about just barging in the second time last night , I mean you be so piss that I do not know if you be gonna mace I , hit I with a bat or fuck punch I , you totally hulk out on I last night , I feel like whitney and you be Bobby . start laugh and maggie snuggle into mike 's maggie mike , I want you to know , that , well , I have never meet someone like you before , I really mean that . mike well , thanks --- I think . maggie it 's totally a good thing . trust I . mike I hope so , jeez . maggie God , I wish this could last forever , I wish we could lay here and never have to get up . ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com www. barroomhero.com 94 . mike well we do have all morning and afternoon . maggie yeah . I have a final meeting with my lawyer this morning though . I get to sign my final divorce papers now . so unfortunately I have to get up and get ready . mike oh --- okay , at least that 's go to be one worry off you mind . maggie you be not lie , I may cry again but at least this time it 's 1ll be tear of fuck sweet , swwet pleasure ! mike well , what be you do later ? maybe we can grab a drink or maybe just watch a movie ? I mean if you do not want to that 's totally fine , you know , I understand . maggie um , yea --- we can meet up at the bar , that sound cool . wanna meet I around 9ish ? mike sound like a plan missy ! maggie okay but uh , um , you know , I do not have to be at the lawyer 's office for another hour sooo - -- mike well then , allow I to int . roduce you to a little move I like to call the dibbler ! mike and maggie roll over in the bed together giggle and laugh as the scene fade . fade out : 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 95 . int . - mike 's house - on phone - dusk the scene open with music be play throughout the whole scene and there be no audible dialogue , a split screen of mike talk on he phone ext . - maggie 's house - driveway - dusk and the other screen be maggie walk a box into a wait van outside . int . - mike 's house - shower - dusk mike then move around he house and be in a excited state . eventually , mike make he way into the bathroom with a towel and he be assumingly shower . int . - maggie 's house - write note - kitchen - dusk maggie be look concerned and keep glance at she watch . she walk back into the now empty house and lean against the counter and begin write on a piece of paper . as tear begin to form she continue to write . int . mike 's house - bedroom ? - dusk the screen fill in so that mike 's scene be the only one visible , he be now fully dress and be whistling as he be grab thing off of he dresser like a wallet , key , cigarettes , etc . he spray himself with cologne and walk out of he bedroom and the camera focus on a digital clock which read 8:45 . ext . - mike 's house - driveway ? - dusk the scene cut to a split shot again as mike be walk to he car and int . - bar - maggie 's walk - dusk maggie be walk into the bar . as mike get into he car , maggie 's half of the screen fill the entire screen and it follow she as she walk through the bar and ignore hi 's and hello 's from people inside include steve and all the friend . she walk up to susie and hand she a envelope and say something to she . susie look confuse but nod she head and then maggie wipe away tear and give susie a big ( continued ) www.barroomhero.com 50 51 www. barroomhero.com 96 . hug . the camera follow she on she way out and into she car as she pull away and drive off . the camera stay on she parking spot when second later int . - bar - mike 's walk - dusk mike pull into the same spot . he get out and walk into the bar with camera behind he . he first see 's steve who 's head be in between some lady breast and she be laugh . steve 's head come up as mike grip he shoulder and the give he head a hug . he then move on and be say hello to random people and pass by josh and MARK . MARK be yell at josh about something and josh give a stupid grin and wave at mike . there be still yellow residue around he mouth and MARK be yell at he and gesture to a brown bag in he hand . MARK pause in yell to give mike a hand shake and go back to yell at josh . mike walk by kyle and slap he on the back as kyle be hold hand and stare into the eye of he girlfriend . kyle give a quick introduction and mike shake she hand and give she a quick peck on the cheek and continue towards the bar . mike pass a table and as he pass we see the woman # 1 from the beginning blind date give mike a black look and be sit with a guy , rick , who be wear a " Rick rule " t-shirt and a head band and wrist band . mike walk up to the bar and susie immediately come up to he and say something to he . mike get 's a puzzle look on he face and susie hand he a envelope . mike open the letter and begin read , instantly he face drop and he look destroy . he finish the letter and we notice tear beginning to form in he eye . he close he eye and blink they away and then we see a grin beginning to form on he face , which give way to a full fledge laugh fit . he then tuck the letter in he pocket and take a seat at the bar next to the Old man from the previous scene in which mike almost get into a fight with he . mike put he arm around the guy and give the signal for two beer . the camera then go in reverse , pull out on the same route it do as on the way in , pass all the same people again , the blind date be bored as Rick be dron on and flex he bicep , kyle and he girlfriend be play kissey face , MARK be still yell at josh and shove a spray paint can in he face and steve be still flirt with the same girl . the door close and the scene fade into int . - maggie 's car - drive away - dusk maggie drive with she car full of box . she have be cry recently and / or still be . the camera move to look at she hand and she be hold / rub the watch mike have be wear the whole time . she look at it and wipe she eye , 97 . she kiss it and a small smile creep into she face . the scene fade to black .