viridiana the courtyard and cloister of a convent . a group of little boy , walk two by two in line , be lead across the courtyard by some nun . other nun be come and go in the courtyard or along the cloister , where a priest be also pass . in a corner of the courtyard a group of nun be chat . one of they be viridiana . the mother superior come toward she . the film open to the strain of handel 's " hallelujah chorus , " which accompany the credit . then the music fade as the first picture come on . mother superior sister viridiana . the young nun break away from the group and come toward the mother superior . she bow . viridiana mother ? mother superior I have just have a letter from you uncle . he will not be able to come when you take you vow . viridiana ( indifferent ) all right , mother . the mother superior be astonished at she lack of concern . mother superior you do not seem to mind very much . both have begin to walk along the cloister . viridiana I hardly know he . I see he only once , some year ago . I can not even remember he . mother superior in any case he 's ask you to come and stay with he . viridiana I do not want to leave the convent , mother . mother superior I be afraid that he health be not good . he 's you only relative and you ought to say farewell to he before take you vow . you will certainly never see he again . they stop and face each other . viridiana but why do he want to see I ? he have never bother about I . mother superior he have pay for you study and you maintenance , and he have just send you dowry . do that mean so little to you , viridiana ? viridiana , take aback , seem to reflect . they start walk again . viridiana I have no desire to see the world again , but if you order I to ... mother superior the retreat will start soon . you can leave tomorrow morning . they stop and face each other again ; viridiana look dejectedly at the mother superior . mother superior everything you need for the journey have be put in you cell . go get yourself ready , and try to show he some affection . she smile at she again and leave . viridiana , look worried , watch she go . private park . Close - up of the dirty , skinny leg of little rita , who be jump rope . they come forward and go back , open and shutting like compass . rita jump from one bare foot to the other . nearby , behind she , the leg of a man be see pass . as they recede , the chest , then the face , of don jaime appear . he watch the little girl 's leg . the head of the breathless little girl be tousle , she eye shine and she lip moist . she bite she lower lip . don jaime come toward she . the noise of a horse and carriage stop be hear nearby . rita stop skip and look toward the carriage . don jaime that 's enough for today , rita . do you like that rope I give you ? rita it 's easier to jump with : it 's get handle . don jaime go away now . go and play . rita hand the rope to don jaime , who hang it on a nail fix to the trunk of a big tree which overshadow they . don jaime then turn he attention to the carriage and begin to walk toward it . rita also go toward the carriage . viridiana be get out . the coachman hand down she small bag . rita hello . viridiana hello . ramona welcome , miss . I be ramona , Don Jaime 's servant . viridiana ah ! please to meet you . don jaime arrive now . don jaime viridiana ! the young girl leave the may and move to face she uncle . they look at each other with curiosity . the novice 's expression be what one would expect in such circumstance , but don jaime show a more lively interest . viridiana yes , uncle . how be you ? don jaime I be well ... the bus be late , be not it ? ... what be the journey like ? viridiana excellent . what a charming , peaceful place , uncle . don jaime you will think you be still at the convent . in spite of a total lack of cordiality and warmth on both side , don jaime 's face now register the great interest he niece have arouse in he . the camera frame the leg of viridiana and don jaime , who be move forward side by side . they stop occasionally , as people do when they be walk and talk together . at first we only hear they voice . then the camera show they both completely . the tone of the conversation be normal , except that don jaime voice show evident interest . hers have less expression . don jaime how long be you stay ? viridiana a very short while , uncle . I have be give permission to stay only a few day . don jaime be that difficult to get ? viridiana no. mother Superior tell I to come . don jaime stop . don jaime ( crestfallen ) do you have so little interest in see I ? viridiana ( smile , sincere ) to tell you the truth , not very much . I can not lie . I respect you and I be grateful to you because I owe you everything materially , but otherwise ... don jaime ( sadly ) you have no feeling toward ... viridiana no . they start walk again . he begin to show pleasure , as well as surprise , at the frankness of the young girl . don jaime you be right . be alone have make I self - center . now I be sorry we have not see more of each other . it 's too late , be not it ? she make a gesture of resignation and indifference . viridiana yes . it 's too late . now they be pass under a big tree , the branch and trunk of which overshadow the two storey of the house . in the distance be the field of the estate , lie waste and fallow . viridiana you have be neglect the farm , uncle . don jaime in twenty year the grass have invade everything . there be spider all over the house except on the first floor . I hardly ever go out . rita's voice ( from the thickest part of the tree ) it 's true . when he go out he make I jump rope . astonish , viridiana look up into the branch . the head of the little girl appear among the leave . don jaime come down here , you scamp . viridiana who be she ? don jaime my may ramona 's daughter . she 's a little animal . viridiana come down . the little girl disappear again among the leave . viridiana walk on , draw ahead of she uncle . don jaime how like you aunt you be , even in you walk . viridiana I know , uncle , you have tell I that already . don jaime you see , even the voice . they walk on under the tree of the estate . don jaime' sitting room at night . Close - up of don jaime 's foot slowly work the pedal of a harmonium ; he hand play on the keyboard . he be play a piece of classical music . do¥a elvira' bedroom . viridiana be undress . she take off she dress and then sit on the edge of the bed to take off she black stocking . her leg , white and perfectly shape , appear in full light . the sitting room . don jaime , with a ecstatic faraway look on he face , continue to play the harmonium . the hall . ramona move a few pace and stop . she hesitates for a moment , and then come back toward viridiana 's room . she look through the keyhole . the sound of the harmonium come from the sit room . the sitting room . don jaime be still in he musical ecstasy . ramona come in and go quietly to she master . she stop near he and , for a moment , watch he hand on the key . ramona she have make she bed on the floor , sir ! the old man continue to play without answer . ramona she have something in she suitcase that look like thorns . her nightgown be make of some rough cloth . it really must tear she skin ! ( pause ) such beautiful skin , sir . don jaime , he attention suddenly catch , continue to play . don jaime leave I now . you can go to bed . ramona yes , sir . good night . don jaime go on play . do¥a elvira' bedroom . Close - up of a crucifix of rough wood , surround by replica of the instrument of the crucifixion : the crown of thorns , the hammer , the nail , the sponge . this be all place on a cushion on the ground . viridiana , clad in a nightgown , be crouch in front of this thing praying . interior of a stable , daytime . Close - up of the udder of a cow and the hand of the man who be milk it . it be the servant whom we have already see as the coachman . Little rita be perch on the wooden partition to which the cow be tie . viridiana , carry a basket , join the group . viridiana good morning . the servant answer politely . viridiana good morning , rita . how be we today ? rita today , a good girl . viridiana ( to the servant ) could I trouble you for my glass of milk ? servant certainly , miss . she take a glass out of she basket and hand it to the servant . the man fill the glass straight from the udder . viridiana watch he with curiosity . viridiana be that difficult ? he look at she for a moment as if he do not understand how anybody could ask he such a silly question . servant here , try it yourself . the suggestion amuse viridiana , but she decline . viridiana but I would not know how . he insist . servant I will show you . hold here . he grasp a teat and motion viridiana to take it . hesitate , she finally do so timidly . she sit on the stool that the servant push toward she . she blushes . she begin pull the teat . rita watch she clumsiness with contempt . viridiana obviously find the sensation of the teat in she hand unpleasant . when no milk come the servant insist , guide she hand . servant pull hard like that and squeeze . but viridiana give up the struggle with a gesture of disgust . viridiana I can not . it make I ... the servant look at she without understanding . viridiana it make I feel ... she trail off and go to rita . at the end of the stable the other servant , old moncho , be carry straw . rita I see you in you nightgown ! viridiana look at she angrily . viridiana what ? rita yes , yes , I see you ! moncho do not take she seriously , she 's a liar . the little girl turn to the old man furiously . rita I see she ! I see she ... when she be dress , she pin fall out and she pick they up . viridiana know this be true . she take rita by the arm and speak to she seriously . viridiana how do you see I ? rita from the terrace . viridiana it 's very wick to spy . why do you do it ? moncho shocked , bow he head resignedly . viridiana smile and address the little girl . viridiana I be go to the hen house . be you come with I ? rita no , I do not want to . rita sulkily come down from she perch and go away . viridiana thanks the servant , who hand she the glass of milk which she drink . interior of the henhouse . viridiana take the egg that she find in the nest and put they in she basket . don jaime' voice hello ! there be a pause ; viridiana stop collect the egg . viridiana good morning , uncle . you be very early this morning . don jaime ( off ) so that I can see a little bit more of you . the camera move around the scene . the house be fill with egg crate and pigeon ' nest . the pigeon fly in and out beneath the stone arcade . viridiana I be go to make you a nun 's cake . it will make you mouth water . don jaime you be spoil I too much . I will not know what to do with myself when you have go . viridiana ( deliberately ) only because you want it . don jaime walk up and down . don jaime what do you mean ? viridiana nothing . I do not say anything . a silence . don jaime you do not trust I , do you ? what do you want to know ? she hesitates for a moment . viridiana very well ! I be talk to you like this because I can not keep thing to myself . she go up to he and look he straight in the eye . viridiana be it true that you have a son ? don jaime be leave momentarily speechless . he blushes . don jaime how do you know about that ? viridiana oh , some year ago I hear my mother talk about it . but be it true ? don jaime yes , it be . viridiana do not you ever see he ? don jaime never . viridiana how could anybody behave like that ? don jaime sometimes this thing happen because of inexperience . sometimes it 's because of ... viridiana ( interrupt ) evil . don jaime and what do you know about life ? when all be say and do you could not possibly understand . he walk forward a few step look worried . viridiana I understand perfectly . but even if you be not entirely blameworthy , you should have bring up the child . viridiana 's expression become harder . don jaime begin to pace again nervously . he pass in front of he niece , speak with a certain embarrassment . nearby be a basin of water . while they be speak , don jaime look down into the basin , on the edge of which a bee have settle . don jaime his mother want to keep he . she come from a poor family . I be in love with you aunt . I would like to have acknowledge he but I be afraid of lose she . that 's why I do not say anything . viridiana and this innocent child . don jaime do not worry . he will not be forget . there be silence . viridiana pick up she basket again . don jaime stare obstinately at the basin . the bee be still there . don jaime you must think I be a monster . viridiana no , but what a pity life be like that . the bee fall into the water . it flounder there , beat its leg and wing . don jaime put a bit of bamboo into the water and let the bee climb onto it . don jaime the poor little beast . it be go to drow . interior of the sitting room . it be two o'clock in the morning . the chime dominate the music of the phonograph which play a mute ninth symphony ( fourth movement ) . the clock then strike two . the sit room be light only by the cheerful light of the wood burn in the hearth . Don Jaime 's bedroom , open off the end of the sit room and light by a oil lamp , appear to be empty . the camera pull we into this room . interior of don jaime' room . don jaime be sit in front of a large carve wooden chest which he have just open . he seem to be concentrate but he expression be impassive . he be look at the wedding attire he have keep , and judge from the cut of the clothes , they be the one he dead wife do¤a elvira wear on she wedding day . don jaime gradually take out the different part of the outfit . he gaze at some of they for a moment ; other he hardly look at at all . there be the veil , the bodice , the skirt , the crown of artificial orange blossom , the satin slipper . he look at some of this voluptuously . he throw the crown of orange blossom onto he bed . he take off he shoe and try to put he bare foot into one of the delicate feminine slipper . now he take a satin corset with ribbon out of the chest . the chorus of the ninth symphony be still hear . with difficulty , don jaime get up and , with the corset in he hand , go toward he mirror . he draw on the corset and gaze at he face . don jaime 's head and shoulder be reflect in the glass . his expression be blank . the music continue . the log fire in the fireplace make leaping shadow on the wall . as don jaime be stand in front of the mirror a sudden noise make he start . he rapidly hide the corset which he have wrap around he and go to the door . don jaime ( in a break voice ) who 's there ? he hear the sound of furniture be knock against . he see viridiana pass two step in front of he . she be barefoot . she have throw over she nightgown a large woolen shawl which cover she shoulder . the girl do not seem to notice she uncle watch she and she continue to move toward the door of the sit room . cross he room simultaneously , don jaime go into the sit room by the door which join the two room . the sitting room . viridiana be carry a wicker workbasket . her eye be open but the expression on she face be cold , distant , statuesque . she go directly to one of the armchair near the fireplace and sit down . don jaime come into the sit room . he follow the girl 's movement with a dismay look . he go and stand in front of she . he see that viridiana be sleepwalk . he make every effort to avoid make a noise but never take he eye off of she . as viridiana sit down , she nightgown be disarranged and she leg and the beginning of she thigh be uncover . don jaime stare at the white , finely grain flesh , unable to look away . he be visibly agitate . viridiana take the thing that be in the workbasket -- needle , ball of wool , skein , and so on -- and throw they into the fire . but she eye do not see what she hand be do . the precision of she movement be admirable ; but as she make another movement to draw nearer the fire , more of she thigh be expose . don jaime sadly close he eye . what a torment , to have so near he grasp the young woman he wish to possess and yet dare not take in he arm ! he open he eye again . apparently what he see give he a idea . but for the moment he be worried about what the young novice be do . viridiana , kneel now in front of the fire , take handfuls of ash and sprinkle they into she basket . then she get up and walk slowly toward Don Jaime 's room and go in . after a moment of astonished hesitation , he follow she . as viridiana reach the bed , she empty the ash from she basket , with a slow movement , onto the bedspread beside the orange blossom don jaime throw there . don jaime be startle ; the expression on he face , see in close - up , show horror at the girl 's apparently absurd conduct . viridiana walk back across the room . as she pass don jaime , the basket in she hand brushes against he . her eye , still open , have a dead look in they , and since she be barefoot and walk slowly she seem to glide rather than walk . she leave the room . don jaime go to the bed and look , in a distract and incredulous way , at the ash she have leave there . the hall . viridiana walk toward she room . don jaime stand in the doorway of he bedroom watch he niece until she disappear into do¤a elvira 's room . the door of do¤a elvira 's room close very slowly . a faint click be hear as it be lock from the inside . interior of don jaime' room . through the window which open onto the balcony , the tree of the drive be see stand out against the bright daytime sky . ramona be busy brush a suit . don jaime' voice be she up yet ? ramona she 's be up for some time . she look toward the bed where doubtless she master be and speak , watch to see what he reaction will be . ramona she ask I to get she thing ready . don jaime be show sit on he bed eat breakfast . what the servant have just say make he start . don jaime her last day in this house ! I will never see she again if she leave . at the other end of the room , ramona be now dusting a shelf . ramona why do not you ask she to stay on for a few day ? don jaime ( put out ) I have ask she but she 's ungrateful . sometimes I feel like hit she . when I talk to she about the convent , she turn to stone . he be frown and seem to be think of something important . don jaime ( almost plead ) ramona ! she stop dusting and look intently at she master . he tap the edge of the bed . don jaime come here , ramona . the servant lay down she duster and shyly go over to the bed . don jaime sit down , I be go to need you help . ramona what 's the matter ? she hesitates ; he take she hand , force she to sit down on the edge of the bed . don jaime sit down , woman , sit down . ( look into she eye gently ) you like I , do not you ? ramona I would be really ungrateful , if I do not like you , sir ; you take I and my little girl in when I do not know where to turn . don jaime yes , yes , but there 's no need to bring that up . how far be you prepare to help I ? ramona just say the word , sir , and I will do anything . without a doubt there be something at the back of he mind but he want to feel he way first . don jaime why do not you speak to she , ramona ? woman be good at that sort of thing . think of something that will make she stay a few more day . ( again take she hand and caress it ) you be kind , ramona ! speak to she . I know I do not need to offer you anything , but , if you be successful in this , I will not forget you or you little girl . ramona but sir , what can I say to she ? and why should she pay any attention to what a servant tell she ? don jaime twist he hand anxiously . don jaime you be right , but we must do something . he continue to think thought that he dare not express . ramona you must think what the best thing to do be , and I will help you to my utmost . don jaime look at he servant enigmatically , then speak , without seem to attach much importance to what he say . don jaime look in the cupboard . on the upper shelf , there 's a little blue bottle . there 's no label on it . you will find some white pill inside . while don jaime be speak the cupboard be show in close - up , half -open . among other article there be some bottle on one of the shelf . ramona fully open the cupboard door and take one of the bottle . she turn to don jaime . ramona this one , sir ? don jaime nod in affirmation . don jaime yes , leave it there . go on with what you be do . I will tell you what to do later . ramona go out of the room . don jaime put down he tray on the small breakfast table and get out of bed . he be in pajamas . he put on he slipper and go to the window . he look out at the drive . the park . below don jaime' window , rita be jump rope . viridiana be stand nearby . she stop the little girl . they talk for a moment , then the girl take the rope and they begin to jump together very skillfully . don jaime be watch the scene with the same enigmatic look on he face that he have a moment before and he eye be full of tenderness . the drawing room , daytime . Close - up of a woman 's hand peel fruit . the peel unroll in a long spiral . it be viridiana who be execute this work of art . she put the fruit on a saucer and carry it to don jaime , who be sit beside the fireplace where a good fire be blaze . on the little round table there be the remain of a meal which be just end . don jaime , he back turn three - quarter to the fireplace , be clean he pipe . he abandon they to thank he niece for she kindness . he admire the spiral . don jaime I have never be able to do that . I be too nervous . viridiana , she back to the camera and to she uncle , gaze at the fire , lose for a moment in think . she then turn and go to don jaime and raise she arm in a gesture of incomprehension . viridiana why do not you wake I ? don jaime be eat the fruit . don jaime they say it 's dangerous . viridiana seem to be ashamed of she bout of sleepwalk . she react energetically . she be try to dismiss the matter as unimportant . viridiana I do not believe it . a few year ago -- the last time I walk in my sleep -- they wake I up by slapping my face . and you can see I be still alive . ( she face darken ) what worry I be that I put ash on you bed . don jaime be busy munch a piece of fruit . don jaime why ? it 's no more odd than anything else . people who walk in they sleep do not know what they be do . viridiana , worried , shake she head in disagreement . viridiana no , uncle ; ash mean penance and death . don jaime ( laugh ) then it 's penance for you who be go to be a nun ; and for I , who be old , it 's death ... viridiana sit down . ramona , who have come into the room a second before , serve a cup of coffee to don jaime . don jaime if you like , I will come with you tomorrow to the village when you leave . viridiana thank you , uncle . don jaime examine the pipe which he be fill . don jaime this evening we must do something special by way of a farewell . viridiana whatever you like . don jaime offer a piece of fruit to he niece . she take it . don jaime ( try to appear detach about it ) I should like you to do something for I . it 's a innocent sort of thing but I be very set on it . viridiana today I can refuse you nothing . don jaime , surprised and happy , get up and come over to she . don jaime you will do what I ask , then ? viridiana , not at all alarmed , bite the fruit which she uncle have give she . viridiana whatever you wish . I be at you command . he look at she with gratitude . at the same time he be sincerely modest and shy . don jaime no , wait ... ( he smile awkwardly ) what a silly thing ! it 's quite difficult for I to tell you what it be . he take a mouthful of coffee and relight he pipe . he shake he head as if he be sorry for himself . the park at night . the fa‡ade of the house be light by the moon . the window of the only two room which show light stand out in the darkness . slowly , the light fade in the window of do¤a elvira 's room as if someone be carry the light away . a dog be hear bark . the hall . viridiana , who appear clothed in the wedding dress previously see in Don Jaime 's hand leave do¤a elvira 's room . she be hold a light candelabra in she hand . she advance as if walk to the altar . although the situation be not to she like , she be a little amused by it . ramona help by carry she train . they move toward the sit room . the sitting room . don jaime look toward the door as the radiantly beautiful viridiana enter the room . his hand shake ; he be motionless for a second . then he go toward she , take the candelabra from she , and gaze at she in admiration . ramona let go of the train and go off the frame . don jaime ( very tenderly ) how strange you be ! when I ask you to do this favor for I you refuse . you seem almost offended . and now , here you be , make I so very happy all of a sudden . thank you , my child ! viridiana ( a bit oppress ) I do not like masquerade , but as you see I decide to give in to you whim . don jaime frees the girl 's hand ; he look bitter . don jaime it 's not a masquerade , nor be it a whim . ( silence for a moment ) I be go to tell you something that few people know . he take a few step with he fist clench , stop , and turn to she . don jaime you aunt die of a heart attack , in my arm , on we wedding night , wear that dress , and you look so like she ... as he speak he go to the table , on which he place the candelabra . his word have move the girl . don jaime follow she with he eye . don jaime you must think I be mad . viridiana no , uncle , and now I be pleased to have be able to do this favor , because , although I do not think so at first , you be really a good man . viridiana adjust she veil . don jaime have go to another table near which ramona be hover . he light the spirit lamp under a samovar . don jaime if you only know ... when I be young I be full of idealism . I want to do something on a big scale for other , something to show my great love for humanity . but as soon as I try to do something about it , I become afraid that I would be laugh at and I feel like a fool ... and so I go back into my shell . viridiana be not that cowardice ? don jaime no , it be not that , I can assure you . I would not be afraid in the face of real danger . I have prove that to myself . on the other hand , if a stranger visit I simply to say hello , I would be alarmed . there be silence for a moment . don jaime look at viridiana almost lovingly . don jaime I can not take my eye off you . come , let 's sit down . they sit side by side . viridiana uncle , you must not think that I will not be sad to leave you . don jaime ( eagerly ) it 's up to you entirely . do not leave , then ... viridiana shake she head . viridiana unfortunately ... don jaime ( discourage ) it 's my fault . if I would come to see you more often , if I would invite you here for holiday , maybe everything would be different . viridiana ( smile ) maybe ... don jaime gaze at he niece . his tension be at a peak . his whole future depend on what he be about to say ; he be convinced of that . don jaime there 's one way you could stay . if I ask ... he stop in front of she ; he lower he eye . don jaime I mean .. . if I say to you ... he can not go on . his mouth be dry and he be flushed , he muscle contracting . don jaime no , I can not ... I can not ... viridiana look at he in amazement . ramona come up to they . the servant have follow the conversation with interest and anxiety . she come to she master 's assistance . she quickly intervene to address the girl in a firm tone . ramona what he want , miss , be to marry you . this remark leave the girl stunne . ramona Excuse I , sir , but I only say what you do not dare say yourself . don jaime be ashamed and look at the servant reproachfully . ramona he love you very much and he deserve to be love in return , because he be a very good man . viridiana have not yet get over she surprise . perhaps she be even more upset than he be . but , gradually , she frown and show she irritation . viridiana you be really serious ? don jaime answer in a determine voice but with he eye lower . don jaime yes , I do not want you ever to leave this house . viridiana ( get up ) you must be out of you mind . I have be so happy this last few day -- now you have spoiled it all . a silence . viridiana pull off she veil angrily . viridiana I think it would be better if I go to my room . she move toward the door . don jaime rush forward to restrain she . don jaime wait ! forgive I ! honestly , I really beg you pardon . stay a few more minute ! if you go now , I be afraid you will always resent I . I promise not to say anything that might annoy you . I will put some music on and we will have a cup of coffee . don jaime make a sign to ramona , who have go over to the sideboard where the coffeepot be . viridiana be motionless , she head hang , she refuse to say a word . ramona look at don jaime , who signal to she almost imperceptibly . he go to the phonograph and put on a classical record , as usual . viridiana , head still down , have just sit down in the armchair . ramona fill the coffee cup . the phonograph begin to play . ramona take this , miss , it will do you good . ramona offer a cup of coffee to the girl . gazing in front of she , she drink almost the whole cup in a quick gulp . the servant ' quarter , nighttime . a very simple room on the ground floor of the house . a old sideboard and a rough kitchen table . moncho be sit near the table mend a strap . beside he be a piece of paper with lump of sugar on it . he eat they with enthusiasm , munch noisily . the door open and little rita come in , sobbing and frighten . she be barefoot , dress in a skirt and a old rag blanket which cover the upper part of she body . the old servant look at she disapprovingly . moncho why be you cry ? rita I be afraid . moncho do not invent storey ; go to bed . rita a black bull come . moncho ( laugh mockingly ) a black bull ! rita approach he . her fear be disappear . rita it 's a very big one . moncho very , very ? rita ( with a air of defiance ) yes -- very , very big ! moncho he could not get through the door , then ? rita shake she head vigorously . moncho laugh with a air of " now you have be catch in a bareface lie . " moncho then how do it get in , silly ? the little girl think for a moment . rita ( energetically ) he come in through the cupboard . moncho you little liar ! get out of here ! rita start cry again . rita I be afraid . moncho hold out a piece of sugar to she . moncho here ! and call you mother if you be have nightmare . now go away and do not annoy I . rita accept the gift and linger for a moment . the servant carry on with he work and finally the girl leave , munch she lump of sugar . the sitting room . ramona put down she cup . then don jaime give she he . they look at each other in silence . the music have stop . don jaime go to the phonograph and switch it on again . viridiana be still sit , with she back to the camera , hold the empty cup in she hand . don jaime come up behind she . Close - up of viridiana 's right hand hold the cup and saucer . her finger slacken and she let go of they . don jaime hold he breath . he be just behind she . he stop to watch she reaction . he look at ramona . then he speak . don jaime ( in a shaky voice ) you look very tired . perhaps you would better go to bed . there be no reply . viridiana be head fall on she shoulder . don jaime come toward she slowly until he be stand in front of she . he shake she gently . don jaime viridiana ! viridiana ! ... there be no reply . the hall . the only light come from the sit room . at the end of the hall , the small silhouette of rita appear as she come upstairs . she carefully enter the hall , go in the direction of the sit room , from which muffle voice be hear . don jaime' voice help I ... take she by the leg . ramona's voice lift she a little more , sir ... a pause . there be the sound of a chair be overturn . don jaime' voice do not think too badly of I , ramona ; I only want to have she close to I . the camera reach rita . there be the sound of footstep approach the door and the child run and hide herself behind the staircase , from where , timorously , she watch the scene . don jaime and he servant appear from the sit room , carry viridiana who appear to be dead . they go toward do¤a elvira 's room and enter it . rita come out of she hide place . her curiosity arouse , she would like to see more but she be afraid of be discover . she withdraw gradually and start to go downstairs again . inside do¥a elvira' room . don jaime and ramona have laid viridiana motionless on the bed . ramona light the candle . don jaime' voice that will be all , ramona . she obey in silence . viridiana remain lie on she back motionless . her hair be slightly untidy , as it be a few minute before in the sit room . don jaime , feverishly , with a artist 's meticulousness , begin to perfect he masterpiece . he cross the girl 's arm over she breast , put she foot together , arrange the pleat of she dress . lying thus , viridiana have the look of a lovely figure on a tomb . the scene switch to the big tree which dominate the grounds . we see rita go toward it , look up from time to time at the feebly light window of do¤a elvira 's room . after a moment 's hesitation , the little girl begin to climb the tree . as she ascend , the sound of a dog bark be hear in the night . do¥a elvira' room . don jaime , sit on the edge of the bed , stand up . for a moment he walk up and down in front of the motionless body , without take he eye off it . he stop for a second , then go over and sit on the bed again . he caress viridiana be hair and forehead . he be terribly affect . then he put he arm around the girl 's shoulder and lift she gently into a sit position . he draw he face close to hers and join he lip to hers in a sweet , prolong kiss . the window , through which little rita , who have reach the terrace , look curiously in at the scene . with tremble hand , don jaime unfasten the neck of viridiana be dress . her throat and the top of she breast be expose . the body he have be yearn for , now defenseless , be at he mercy . he be completely beside himself . he lay he cheek against viridiana be breast . he feel the softness of the skin and its warmth . he kiss it once , twice . suddenly , he react . he get up with a start and look , almost with terror , at the body . he see the calm , serene expression on the girl 's face . don jaime now pass from the realm of blind instinct to the realm of conscience . he realize the meanness of he action . basically , he be a good and kindly man . nevertheless he hand reach out to she again . then suddenly , decisively , as if move by fear of himself ; he run to the door , open it , and go out into the hall , take the light candelabra with he on the way . the music have not stop throughout . rita climb down from the branch of the tree and jump to the ground . she see she mother wait for she and run to join she . ramona what be you do ? rita Don Jaime be kissing the lady . ramona , with a somber look , stare at she child . then she see how rita have come to know this . she frown , annoyed . ramona he only kiss she because she 's he niece . do not I kiss you ? you should be in bed . rita a black bull come into my room . ramona be quiet . I be go to put you to bed . she take she by the hand and lead she to the servant ' door . again the bark of a dog be hear . don jaime pass down the hall on he way to he room , walk quickly and nervously . he open the door , enter , and close it with a bang . absolute silence then reign in the house . interior of do¥a elvira' room , the next day . ramona , stand in front of the window , close it . we hear the moan voice of viridiana . viridiana ( off ) I be thirsty . ramona give she a glass of water from a bottle that be on the console . viridiana drink it greedily . ramona how do you feel ? viridiana I have a headache . ramona that will soon pass . it 's nothing . viridiana notice she expose body and cover herself modestly -- ill at ease . viridiana what happen to I ? ramona you faint last night after supper . the master and I carry you here . viridiana have I sleep long ? ramona oh , you sleep well ; do not worry . the sound of footstep be hear approach the bedroom . viridiana cover herself under the bedclothes . the door open and don jaime appear . his face and the untidiness of he clothes show clearly that he must have spend a sleepless night . see he , viridiana want to protest but do not dare . don jaime come in . don jaime leave we alone , ramona . viridiana ( vehemently ) do not go ! don jaime make a sign with he head and the servant obey . she leave the room , close the door behind she . the uncle and niece remain , face one another . viridiana leave I alone , uncle , please . I want to get up . she receive no reply . the old man walk up and down the room , deep in think , obviously not know how to begin . she insist , in a irritate manner . viridiana I have to go ! don jaime sit down on the edge of the bed . he answer very decisively . don jaime no . you can never go away now . there be a sudden look of impatience , almost of real fear , in the girl 's eye . viridiana last night you promise never to speak of that again . I beg you , leave I alone . the old man do not budge . don jaime what could be more unlike than a old man who life alone and a young woman like you , consecrate to god. however ... the girl , exasperate , almost sit up in bed . viridiana ( violently ) be quiet ! I do not want to listen to you ! do not you understand that I want to get dress ? he , lose in think , do not seem to hear she . don jaime I forget everything because of you , even the passion that have keep I go all this year ... everything . he get up and walk around the room . viridiana would like to get up and force he to leave the room , but she state of semi-nudity prevent she . don jaime I must have be mad . I think that you would agree to marry I , but naturally you refuse . and now it 's the day that you must leave . she look at he , wonder how the discussion be go to end . don jaime come to the bed and lean over she . he stare at she . don jaime ( coldly ) I have to force you . ( pause ) that be the only way I could find to have you in my arm . viridiana evidence grow dismay and anxiety . viridiana ( shouting ) you be lie . don jaime no , it 's true . ( speak each word distinctly ) last night when you be sleep , I have you all to myself . she open she eye wide in horror . she can not believe what he 's say . she feel a cold sweat break out on she forehead . don jaime start pace back and forth again in front of she , sometimes stare at she and sometimes obstinately lowering he eye . don jaime now you will not be able to go back to you convent . you be not the same woman who leave it a few day ago . now , you will have to stay with I here forever . he stop come back to the bed , and sit down . there be a plead note in he voice . don jaime everything I have will be yours , and if you do not want to marry I , if you prefer to live as we have up to now , provide you be close to I , I will content myself with ... she visibly take time to understand she uncle 's word . the blow be so hard that she hardly even react . her plight move don jaime to sympathy . don jaime think about it . do not hurry . think it over . viridiana ( with a start , almost shouting ) go away ! leave I alone . she look at he with hate and disgust . don jaime be affect . he hesitates . he start to speak to she again but do not do so . he finally get up and go to the door . he feel viridiana 's eye , blaze with anger , upon he . he leave the room , head hang , shattered . immediately , viridiana leap out of bed , grab she bag , and wildly begin to throw she clothes into it . at the door of don jaime' room . ramona be wait for don jaime , whom we see come from the hall . he pass the servant without notice she . he go into the room . ramona go up to he slowly . ramona what do you say to she , sir ? he look at she . don jaime the way she look at I , ramona ! she hate I now . I think I have make a great mistake . she 's go away , she 's go away and nothing will stop she . ramona ( without conviction ) speak to she again . explain everything to she seriously . don jaime what for ? she will only look at I that way again ... I could not . you go . perhaps she will listen to you . try to convince she . ramona but what can I say to she , sir ? don jaime tell she I lie , that I do not take advantage of she . ramona look at he , stunne , incredulous . he continue with sincerity . don jaime I do mean to do it , ramona . but I realize in time what I be do . I spend the whole night turn my thought over in my mind ... and I lie to she so she would not go back to the convent . ( take ramona by the arm ) go on , explain to she . he almost push she to the door . she go against she will , hesitate . he watch she from the doorway . in do¥a elvira' room . viridiana have dress and be close she bag . ramona come in stealthily through the half - open door . viridiana 's eye be full of tear . in the background , ramona hesitates for a moment , then half turn and go back quickly to don jaime 's room . in don jaime' room . don jaime be lean against the bed . ramona appear in the doorway . ramona Sir , come right away . don jaime straighten himself with a start . he stare at the servant for a second . then he walk quickly to the door and go out . do¥a elvira' room . viridiana grab she bag and be just about to go as she uncle enter . he block she way and lock the door , take the key from the lock . the girl still have sign of tear on she face . viridiana let I pass ! don jaime you must listen to I before you go . viridiana ( angrily ) I have listen to you long enough . let I out . viridiana go back a couple of step and put down she bag . she be no longer afraid . she can hardly feel any emotion except anger mingle with disgust . don jaime remain stand beside she . don jaime all that I say just now be a lie . I say it so you would not leave . I only molest you in my thought ... I can not bear to have you leave I , hat I like this . ( pleadingly ) tell I you believe what I be say and I will let you go . viridiana you disgust I ... even if what you say be true . don jaime ( in a quieter voice ) then you will not forgive I ? the young woman 's look shatter don jaime . with difficulty , viridiana , who have turn she back to she uncle , hold back the sob which be choke she . after a moment 's anguish silence , don jaime , resign to he fate , hold the key out to the girl . she snatch it from he , take up she suitcase , and make for the door ; she go out without a glance in he direction . as viridiana come out of do¤a elvira 's room into the hall , ramona be see walk toward she away from the camera . don jaime 's silhouette hover on the threshold which the girl have just cross . viridiana pass in front of the camera and she rush footstep be hear descend the staircase . do¥a elvira' room . don jaime be look out from the balcony . ramona enter , shake by all that have happen . hear she footstep , don jaime turn around . his expression be not what one would expect . he seem calm , without the slight trace of disappointment . he seem even to be smile . now that what he have fear so much have occur , he be recover he former courage . the servant stop a few foot away , she eye lower , not dare to look at he . don jaime go to she . don jaime you believe I , do not you ? ramona yes , sir . her voice be low , utterly without conviction . don jaime notice this . he smile . don jaime do not lie . you do not believe I either . ramona ( try to find a excuse ) it 's only that ... it 's all very odd , sir . don jaime nod he head sympathetically . don jaime it 's all right , my girl , it 's all right . he make for the hall . ramona go to the unmade bed and examine the sheet , as if try to discover the truth . see nothing , she sit on the edge of the bed with a thoughtful air . the park . the coachman finish prepare the carriage . some yard away viridiana be wait , seat on a stone bench with she back to the camera . her bag be at she side . nearby , rita be play diabolo . the toy don jaime give she indicate how old - fashioned he be . rita see how high I can throw it ! viridiana do not even look around . in order to attract she attention , rita collect the spool which have fall back onto the string . she turn it and put it into place with the aid of one of the stick . rita look ! you can not do that ! as viridiana remain sink deep in think , rita lose heart and try to interest moncho , who have just pick up viridiana 's bag and be take it to the carriage . rita look ! moncho ! look how high it be ! as usual , he answer she in a surly manner . moncho let I have a little peace , will not you ? rita go on play without pay any attention to he bad temper . moncho approach viridiana . moncho when you be ready , miss . the girl stand up and go to the carriage . the balcony outside don jaime' room . don jaime watch he niece 's departure . as viridiana go to the carriage , rita say something to she , but she merely caress she head with she hand as a sign of farewell . she get in and the coachman give the horse the whip . the little girl wave goodbye , then begin to run after the carriage . don jaime sadly watch the carriage disappear . but he recover quickly and he face take on a calm , almost indifferent look . he go to the desk which be in the corner of the room and sit down at it . he rub he forehead . the write material on the table be lie in disorder . several month must certainly have pass since he have be near he desk . carefully , he begin to make order out of the chaos . he rub he finger along the table to see if there be any dust on it . see that it be clean , he smile at the think of ramona 's conscientiousness . finally , he take a pen and a sheet of notepaper and begin to write . he smile quietly , rub he beard dreamily . he appear to have think of something that please he very much . the village square . under the arcade which border the square , viridiana be wait for she bus to arrive ; its approach be herald by the sound of its engine . she go to the bus stop , where other be wait . as the bus stop , passenger get off and that who be wait get on . the driver come up to viridiana . driver I will take you bag , please , miss . at this moment , a important - look middle - class gentleman -- the mayor -- come along the arcade , follow by two uniform policemen and a peasant . the group come up to viridiana , to whom the man hold out he hand . mayor how do you do , miss viridiana ! viridiana be anything the matter , Mr. Mayor ? mayor you can not leave ... viridiana ( surprised ) why not ? mayor there 's be a accident . viridiana where ? mayor come with I . he take she by the arm . viridiana neither protest nor ask any further question . don jaime' estate . a car stop in the drive . the mayor get out , follow by the group which be with he in the village . all come toward the camera , eye train on the branch of the big tree beside which rita like to play . moncho rush up to meet they . near the tree , ramona and she daughter , cling to one another watch the people arrive . the big tree , through whose foliage hang the foot of a man . Close - up of viridiana , who have just get out of the car and see the body . overcome , she lean she forehead against the car door and remain like that for a moment , motionless and silent . Close - up of the branch from which don jaime be hang . the only part of he that be visible be the back of he head . the body itself be outside the frame . the rope which be tie to the branch have a wooden handle . it be rita 's jump rope . the turret of the house and the tree of the park . the same picture of little rita 's leg skip under the big tree as at the beginning of the film . moncho , who be lead a horse , stop upon see rita . he let go of the animal 's halter and go up to the little girl . brutally , he take hold of the jump rope and try to snatch it from she . rita struggle with he fiercely . rita give it to I . it 's mine ! the old man elbow she aside . moncho I will box you ear if you do not show some respect for the dead ! you must not play under this tree . rita Don Jaime love to watch I skip . the servant finally seize the rope and throw it away . moncho if something terrible happen now it will be you fault . he leave . as soon as he back be turn , rita pick up the rope and with the same liveliness begin to skip . the picture of she leg again . viridiana's room . Close - up of she black wooden cross and the crown of thorns hook across the end of the bed . the room have a red brick floor and white - wash wall . viridiana , who undoubtedly do not want to keep the room she be in before , be now in a less elaborate room on the ground floor . the furniture consist of a iron bed , two chair , and a white wooden table . in the corner there be a very simple dress - table without a mirror . viridiana , with bucket and broom , be wash the floor . the young woman 's face be more draw and she be no longer smile . something seem to have happen to she : she appear youthful , and with a certain balance that she lack before . ramona come into the room and put a tray on the table . she lift off the napkin , revealing the meal of a plate of vegetable , a glass of milk , and a piece of bread . ramona you be not eat enough . I have give you a glass of milk , and this evening I will bring you some meat . viridiana stop work and go to wash she hand in a basin on the dress table . ramona you do not look at all well ! ( viridiana do not answer ) the mayor tell I that he 's deal with the problem you be talk about . you can go to the village when you want to . it will do you good to see the world . in the distance a car be hear : it stop . ramona look out the open window ... two nun pass outside and into the building . one of they be the mother superior of viridiana 's convent . viridiana go to the door . unruffle , she watch the mother superior enter . ramona move back to let the visitor pass and then leave the room . mother superior good morning . you be not expect I , be you ? viridiana mother . the mother superior look at viridiana with compassion . she shake she head with pity . mother superior you must have suffer , my child ! the young girl go up to she , but instead of throw herself into she arm weep , as she Superior seem to expect , she bow deeply and calmly kiss the crucifix on the mother Superior 's rosary . this calm somewhat disconcert she visitor . mother superior ever since yesterday , when we hear by chance about the tragedy , we have be very anxious for you . why do not you write ? I would have come immediately . viridiana I have so many thing to think about ! mother superior a suicide be horrible . I know . but you should have tell I . she look around she and seem to approve of the simplicity of the room . mother superior I talk for a few minute to the parish priest in the village and he tell I how it happen . everybody be ask why this horrible offense be commit against we Lord . do you know the reason ? viridiana remain stand . viridiana I only know that my uncle be a grave sinner and I feel guilty for he death . the mother superior be face darken . she move toward viridiana . mother superior how can you say that ! you , responsible for the suicide of a man ? I want a complete confession from you . viridiana lower she eye . viridiana ( firmly ) I be not go back to the convent ; therefore I be no longer under obedience to anyone . she say this calmly , almost humbly , but there be a element of revolt in she voice which anger she superior , who struggle to control herself . the superior swallow hard and speak without raise she voice . mother superior be there some grave impediment which prevent you from take you vow ? there must be something . viridiana I have nothing to reproach myself for . all I know be that I have change . with all my strength , which be not much , I will follow the road that the Lord have show I . one can also serve outside a convent . mother superior be you aware of the pride there be in what you be say ? viridiana do not answer . she continue to look down . the nun change she tone . she try irony . mother superior what great plan be you think of dedicate yourself to now ? viridiana look she in the eye . viridiana I know my own weakness , and whatever I do will be humble . but , however little it be , I want to do it alone . there be a moment of silence while the mother superior try to follow viridiana 's train of think . her amazement prevail over she indignation . she do not know what to think . finally she speak , very dryly . mother superior very well . as you will not let I help you , I must leave you . I be very sorry I come and disturb you . Goodbye . she half turn and go to the door . viridiana mother ! the mother superior stop . viridiana forgive I if I have offended you . mother superior you be forgiven . Goodbye . she go out , close the door behind she . the church square of the village . it be flood with sunlight . a little old man dress in rag half - walk , half -run , up to a group of beggar as shabbily dress as himself who be stand in the doorway of the church . the beggar be don amalio , blind , about 45 ; EL pelon ( baldy ) , a rather alarming character of about 40 ; enedina , who be carry a two - year - old girl in she arm ; refugio , a woman of uncertain age , show obvious sign of pregnancy ; and finally , the little old man who have just arrive and who answer to the nickname " El poca " . don amalio , who have the hard , sharp feature of a countryman , be sit with he back against the stone step of the church , he face absorb the sun . near he lie a long white stick which act as a guide when he walk . in he arm , he hold enedina 's second little girl , who be about a year old . as people pass he on they way into the church , he call out sonorously for alm . pelon why be not she come ? poca she have already cross herself . refugio she 's a very firm believer . there be a silence . some of they look toward the church door . enedina I have hear she 's even go to pay we to go and live with she . two woman pass . don amalio kind people ! do not forget a poor blind man . in the background , viridiana come out of the church . the beggar be in confusion . poca grasp the blind man by the arm and pull he to he foot . poca there she be . hurry up , come on . you have have it if you totter around like that and fool with the kid . viridiana join they . she take the child from amalio . viridiana give the little girl to I . come here , sweetheart . be you ready ? pelon when you be , miss . viridiana good , then let 's go ! poca , who be lead the old man , come up to viridiana . he look at she and speak to don amalio . poca she have the face of a angel . what a pity you can not see she . viridiana right , let 's go . ( to poca ) and keep the compliment to yourself . I do not like they . the beggar get they belonging together , then join up . in another little square of the village . two more beggar be wait : one be don zequiel , a old man of about sixty whose full white beard give he the look of a patriarch ; the other be a man of about forty , with a black beard . he move with the help of a stick and be know by the name of hobbly . he be drink from the fountain of the small square when the group lead by viridiana come toward they . don zequiel here they come . hobbly turn away from the fountain to look at they . viridiana be you the other two ? don zequiel yes , miss , that 's we , yes . viridiana good , come with I . interior of don jaime' sitting room . Close - up of a oil portrait of Don Jaime . jorge' voice ( off ) what a strange man ! I wish I know what he be like . lucia' voice ( off ) as far as you be concerned , worthless . you can see how much he care about you . the people who be speak come into view . jorge , Don Jaime 's son , no more than thirty , be a well - build energetic type . not overimaginative or a dreamer , he be a practical man of action . his custom - make clothes look recently clean and press . lucia be young . she be pretty and pleasant but there be nothing to distinguish she from many other woman . she too seem dress in she Sunday best . jorge I be not at all bitter about it . anyone can love and forget . but ... why do he acknowledge I at the last moment ? what be go through he mind ? ramona , who be come out of Don Jaime 's room , be listen . she look at the portrait tenderly . ramona he be very good . better than some people would think . jorge why do he kill himself ? ramona try not to show anything of what she know , or she sorrow . ramona I do not know , sir . jorge ( nodd ) one should not be alone the whole time . ( look at Lucia ; laugh ) I be not like he , be I ? he go to the harmonium . lucia follow he . lucia not in that way ; you be always look for company . jorge why do you say that ? perhaps the young girl be a bit jealous . lucia ( off ) I know what I mean . jorge pedal the harmonium and run he hand across the keyboard , cause a series of discord . ramona cannot bear this profanation and interrupt . ramona do not play , sir . he take he hand from the keyboard and look at the servant in astonishment . ramona ( respectfully ) I beg you pardon , sir . the master use to play here by the hour . it be a real delight to listen to he . she close the harmonium slowly . jorge lean against the instrument and stare at she , look half the seducer and half ironic . the servant , disturb , slip away . ramona if you do not mind , I will go get the other suitcase . lucia , look sulky , go past they onto the balcony . jorge follow she . the balcony look out on a wasteland : scorched terrain , with some scrub and weed ; some tree and among they some dilapidate outhouse of the old farm . there be mountain in the background . jorge look at this beautiful field ! and behind that pine the field , dry up and abandon . there 's so much to do here and it 's all mine . we will not have time to get bored . lucia smile . jorge take the young girl by the shoulder and draw she to he . he want to embrace she , but she pull away . jorge be not you happy ? she seem rather sad , in fact . lucia yes . but I do not know ... I wish I have not come . obviously , she lover be everything to she , but she fear that this unexpected prosperity might separate they . something happen in the drive attract Lucia 's attention and she point . lucia look at that . jorge lean over the balcony and look at what be happen below . the park . viridiana be come into the park follow by she troupe of beggar . the beggar , in little group , be look around with curiosity . poca and the blind man don amalio be among they . poca be tell the blind man what he see . poca ( full of admiration for the house ) it 's very big ... the blind man hit the ground with he stick . don amalio so much the better . we will all fit . how many floor be there ? poca two . don amalio be there many window ? poca lot . it 's get balcony and two big tower . don amalio ( sententiously ) then it 's a respectable house . the old servant moncho come out of the house and approach the arrival . viridiana have you repair the window of the dormitory ? moncho they shut all right now . and the blanket be ready . enedina and refugio bring up the end of the line . refugio that miss be as good as gold . enedina she 's very good , but a bit of a simpleton . the group stop near the house . viridiana the man will sleep on one side , the woman on the other , but we will eat together . we will try to get you some decent clothes tomorrow . moncho , show they where they will be . I will take the woman . jorge and lucia have come out of the house and be look with curiosity and astonishment at this tatter group . they go up to viridiana . jorge viridiana . viridiana turn and notice the couple without show any surprise . jorge bow . jorge miss viridiana ... viridiana be you jorge ? she shake the hand he be stretch out . jorge jorge , Don Jaime 's son , at you service . viridiana I have be expect you ; I get a letter from the lawyer . she look at lucia . jorge ( smile ) this be Lucia ; she 's a good girl . you will get to know each other very quickly . they shake hand . Little rita have come out of the house and rush toward the beggar , brush past lucia . the beggar be wait near the house . moncho go through they to get in front . Old don zequiel paternally put he hand on rita 's head . don zequiel what 's you name ? rita ( lively ) do not touch I ! you be go to sleep in the farmyard with the chicken ! moncho gesture to the man to follow he . moncho get move ! anyone who poke around where he should not be will pay for it . they begin walk , but the blind man be offended by this word . don amalio listen , although we may be poor , every man have he dignity , brother . moncho do not " brother " I : there be not any scum in my family . pelon , who do not inspire sympathy , understand the allusion . pelon well now , even the servant put on air here , do not they ? moncho stop and turn around . moncho ( angrily ) do you want I to smash you face ? viridiana , who be follow with the woman , hear the exchange and go up to the beggar . viridiana what 's go on , moncho ? moncho this louse be look for trouble . pelon hardly let he finish . pelon you runt . moncho be about to attack but viridiana stop he . viridiana ( to pelun ) do not talk like that ! pelon I will talk the way I want to . I have have enough of this . the blind man , guide by the voice , be angere by pelon 's lack of respect and hit he with he stick . don amalio that will teach you some manners . pelon blind , shit ! you can see now . he attack don amalio . all of they intervene to separate the two . viridiana fearlessly stand between they . viridiana ( shouting with authority ) in you go ! moncho , lead the way ! ( to pelun ) you stay here . moncho but , miss ... jorge and lucia be anxiously watch the absurd proceedings . jorge be about to intervene but lucia stop he . lucia leave she . the beggar , both man and woman , be calmer . the blind man be mutter . pelon look at viridiana venomously . viridiana keep calm , moncho . and you ... ( to the blind man ) ... do not be quarrelsome ! moncho , unwillingly resign himself to the situation , go forward follow by the beggar . viridiana calmly go up to pelon . viridiana would you mind tell I what I do wrong to you to deserve you insult ? pelon I have have a gutful of this . viridiana if you want to stay you will have to exercise a little self - control , and be a bit more humble to everybody . the beggar shrug he shoulder contemptuously . pelon if that 's the way , it 's better to leave . he half turn and walk away a few step , but then he hesitates a moment and turn around again , face the young woman . pelon give I something to go on with . viridiana reach in she pocket and give pelon some money . pelon because we be poor , without it ... he leave . in the background , jorge and lucia go back into the house . the beggar split up into two group . on the leave the man be lead by moncho and on the right be the woman ; viridiana join they . the sitting room at night . Close - up of a basin of hot water which be still steaming . in the water be the foot of jorge , who have roll up he trousers . he be dress for the country . he be sit on Don Jaime 's special armchair and smoking one of he pipe . lucia , sit on a small low chair in front of he , have just finish polish he boot . they be silent . she look at he now and then . lucia ( off ) be you tired ? jorge I nearly walk my leg off today . ( rub he leg , point to the basin ) that have do I good . there be a silence . ramona come in with a towel in she hand . she hand it to jorge and then look at lucia , who go on wiping the boot which have be wax . ramona why do not you let I do that , miss ? lucia ( dryly ) because I have get he into bad habit . jorge begin to dry he foot . the may bend down to pick up the basin , get up , and turn . she go to the door but stop before go out . ramona whenever you be ready I can serve supper . lucia right , we will have it now . the may leave the room after glance at the little table which be already laid . jorge , suddenly in a bad mood , fling he towel to the floor . lucia look at he in surprise . lucia ( harshly ) what 's the matter with you ? jorge nothing . lucia why the bad temper ? jorge it 's viridiana . she 's get on my nerve . lucia have finish he shoe and put they in a corner . lucia ( shrugging ) she 's mad . jorge no , not mad at all : she 's rotten with religion . lucia let she do what she want . she do not bother we in any way . she mind she business and we ... they fall silent . lucia go up to jorge and look at he meaningfully . lucia do you know what I think ? what 's annoying you be that she pay so little attention to you . he look at she furiously , which seem to indicate that she have touch a sore spot ... she move away to the other side of the room and , at that moment , ramona come in carry a tureen of soup . lucia leave the room . jorge go over to the table , sit down , and open he napkin with irritation . ramona have put the soup tureen on the edge of a sideboard . jorge turn he back to she so that she have only to turn she head to see he . she give he a look that be both tender and submissive . she be obviously disturb by the presence of Don Jaime 's son . without take she eye of he , she go to pick up the tureen again and prepare to bring it over to the table , but at that moment lucia 's voice be hear . lucia ramona ! she start as if she have be catch do something wrong . for a moment , she try to catch the tureen , which be about to fall , but only succeed in make matter worse . the soup tureen smashes onto the floor , its content spread out . lucia that 's the last straw ! what be you look at , woman ? look what you have do ! jorge have get up to look at the disaster . he look at the may , nodd he head in commiseration . jorge so , ramona ! lucia run and get something to mop it up with , quickly . ramona obey , flee . lucia begin to pick up the piece . lucia that woman 's get more and more stupid every day . jorge sit down again , look resign . jorge what of it ? the beggar ' refectory : nighttime . the beggar be eat at a rough table make of plank . surprisingly , they be respectfully dress . they clothes be wear out but clean . they appearance be relatively wash and tidy . don amalio , poca , don zequiel , hobbly , enedina , and refugio be there ; also three other wretch , a man and two woman . one of the woman be a dwarf , the other , whom we will call the gardener , be a nondescript , middle - age woman . the last character , who be name paco , be a man of about fifty with a shaggy beard but no scar or physical deformity . they be all eat heartily . don amalio when I be not so miserable I use to sell pig . begging you pardon , I be more honest than my holy mother . poca ( swallow ) so you do not come from the poorhouse ! the blind man put he plate on the table and grasp he stick . don amalio I will hit whoever say that . don amalio seem to mean what he say . enedina do not pay any attention to he , Don amalio , he 's a rogue . other voice be raise . voice good evening , miss . viridiana have just appear on the threshold with two new guest , the woman singer and the leper . don zequiel ( stand up with respect ) benedictus ! viridiana smile at this incongruity . the singer look distrustfully at the other ; she do not expect such a great number . the leper hold back as if uncertain of the reception he will receive . all keep silent for the moment and the noise of eat be hear . viridiana make the new guest sit down and give they each a spoon and a plate . viridiana make room for you new companion . you sit there , you there . I guess they be hungry , be not they ? singer God will reward you . viridiana have you eat well ? do you like it ? don zequiel I do not want to criticize the saintly miss who be so good to we , but I would take the liberty of say that the bean be acid . refugio what do that mean ? poca sour , idiot . refugio do not pay any attention to they , they be peasant . viridiana silence they . viridiana if Don Zequiel say the bean be bad it must be true . we will do something about it tomorrow . they all look at the leper with disgust . viridiana help he to something and the man begin to eat hungrily . viridiana place the bread basket near he . viridiana ( smile ) now I have get some good news for you . from tomorrow on , everyone will have some work to do . this be a disagreeable surprise . they look at each other . poca be flabbergasted and terrify . viridiana do not worry , you will not be ask to do anything impossible or anything you will not want to do . I only want you to have a bit of a change and to take some exercise . enedina I be a cook , miss , I be good at roast and vanilla pudding . last year I make pastry for the companza people . they can still remember it . viridiana good . she go up to each of they in turn . viridiana ( to the dwarf ) you can help I with the account . dwarf yes , miss . hobbly I can paint religious picture ... before , I use to be able to write , but now with this leg I have forget ... paco I can weave hemp , but with the rheumatism in my finger ... viridiana what about you , manuel ? poca I be only good at make people laugh . viridiana that 's all right ; we all laugh here , but not at you ; I will see to that . the leper be eat beside the woman gardener who see he stretch out he arm for a piece of bread . gardener I have get green finger . the priest will tell you ... viridiana so you will not get bored here , there will be more than enough for you to do ! the gardener suddenly point to the leper 's arm . gardener look ! it 's disgusting . he immediately conceal he arm . everybody look at he . hobbly let 's see it . poca , stand up to see better , try to get a look at the sore . gardener that 's leprosy . refugio throw he out , miss ! we be all clean here . viridiana go up to the leper , who have stand up , and calmly take he arm . he resist a bit , but she succeed in examine a sore . at she gesture , they all fall silent and watch with revulsion . leper they be varicose vein , miss , but some day I can not take care of they . viridiana be you sure it be not contagious ? leper they tell I it be not at the hospital . voice do not listen to he , miss . I have know he for a long time . the leper look at he companion . leper ( angrily ) they be varicose vein . it be not leprosy . viridiana ( to all ) I will take he to the doctor tomorrow . come on now , sit down and go on eat . and you , look after he as if he be a sick brother . be understanding . now finish eat and then go to bed . everyone in bed by eight o'clock ! viridiana show the newcomer where to sleep . with varied inflection the beggar bid she good night . hobbly go to the door , open it for viridiana and wish she good night . the leper sit down again in he place . viridiana go out . hobbly turn back and approach the leper . he push he with he stick and motion he to get up . hobbly if you do not disappear , I will make hole in you belly . leper ( frighten ) you be not the one to make I move . hobbly pull out a knife . leper the miss , she understand , she tell I I could stay . there be a scuffle . enedina hit he if he do not get out ! the blind man beat the table with he stick . don amalio calm down , people , calm down . somebody will get hurt . if anything happen , we will all be throw out . singer out , the turd ! the leper relent and begin to leave . leper okay , that 's it , I give in , but I be stay on the grounds . all together you would be able ... he begin to walk away , go a few pace , but then turn around . he indicate the table , ashamed . leper give I something for tomorrow morning . the gardener , more compassionate than the other , take a piece of bread and hand it to he at arm 's length . the leper put it in he pocket and go to the door . the blind man , who have not leave he place , have enedina at he side . he be paw she thigh . they whisper . don amalio I will come to you tonight . enedina no , the child sleep with I . don amalio give they to refugio . enedina no , I do not want to because they yell . and I have get news for you too . don amalio then I will get you in the field tomorrow ... voice ( off ) pass I the salt . they all get up . hobbly see rita 's jump rope on the table and take it to tie up he trousers . viridiana's room . the room be light by a candle . the young girl be kneel on the floor like a countrywoman , tell she bead . there be a knock at the door . viridiana who 's there ? without answer , jorge come into the room with a cigar between he lip . look annoyed , viridiana get up quickly . viridiana jorge . you frighten I . what 's happen to you ? jorge it 's about time we speak to each other , be not it ? viridiana well ... be it so urgent ? jorge if I wait until tomorrow , it will be the same as yesterday and the day before and all the other day . when you be not with you poor people , you be praying or you disappear , I never see you . both furious and ill at ease at be surprised , viridiana rush to the chest of drawer on top of which be she wooden cross , the crown of thorns , and the hammer . she quickly hide they in a drawer . viridiana what 's the matter ? jorge ( off ) I want to put in some electricity , change the habit ... well , to make some improvement . viridiana listen as if this be foreign to she . jorge ( off ) then there 's the land . it really hurt I to think of its not produce anything . viridiana I do not know anything about this thing , jorge ... jorge but you have a right to let we know what you think . viridiana I be not interested . do what you think 's best . she step forward as if to show that the conversation have come to a end . viridiana be that everything ? jorge have no intention of end the conversation so abruptly . he go on , irritably . jorge no , it be not ; there 's much more . it seem absurd for we to be stay here so near each other in this situation without know each other . he plant himself near she and lean on the bed . jorge what do you know about I ? viridiana I know that you use to work with a architect . jorge and do you know that my mother and I have to suffer ? if my father have bother himself a little more about we , I would be a architect now . she do not reply and so do not encourage he to talk further . jorge look around with curiosity . he sit on the bed and be suddenly aware of its hardness . he punch the blanket . there be a board underneath instead of a mattress . jorge underline he discovery with irony . jorge I do not understand how you can like be alone so much . viridiana I be not like you , you have you wife . this give jorge a opportunity to hurt she . he get up and go up behind she . jorge we be not marry . I do not need anybody 's bless to live with a woman . viridiana do not blink . if she be embarrassed she do not show it . jorge I see that you ... I ought to go . good night . he go to the door . viridiana ( dryly ) the next time you come , knock first and wait until I tell you to come in . this remark , make perfectly naturally , produce a unexpected reaction in jorge and restore all he aplomb . before leave he run he eye over the young woman 's body . with a mock smile he blow a puff of smoke toward she and leave . viridiana lock the door with the key and brushes the smoke away with she hand . she go to the window and open it wide , to let in some air . then she move to the center of the room again , while the camera frame the open window . the park . the singer be hear , off , hum a couplet . Close - up of a sheet of tin plate on which be paint in a very primitive style the scene of a miracle : a sick woman lie on a bed , with the virgin and two angel on one side . the painter be add the last touch to the face of the sick woman . we see the artist 's arm , then he face : it be hobbly . a few foot away , sit on a old wheelbarrow , be the singer , who be pose for he . behind she enedina be hang out laundry on a line . hobbly I will put some yellow in she face to show she be ill . singer hurry up , I be cramped all over . hobbly it 's nearly finish , sweetheart . in the background , from near the house , don amalio approach , lead by refugio . singer I do not like have to stay still for so long . hobbly it seem to I that you ought to know damn well how to swing you ... viridiana appear a few yard behind the painter with poca , both come forward to inspect the painting . poca look at the masterpiece and begin to laugh . poca ( refer to the sick woman ) she look like a sick marrow ! viridiana do not pay any attention to he . it 's very good . singer I do not like have to be the virgin . hobbly you ought to be the one in bed . I would like to ask you , miss , to pose ... hobbly stand up in he turn . viridiana ( amused ) I ? hobbly come on , miss . just so the virgin can be really pretty . viridiana do not seem convinced . hobbly insist . hobbly it will not take but a minute . it 's a votive offer for a lady who be cure just when she be die of fever . we Lady of the helpless grant she a favor . viridiana do you have great devotion for the virgin ? hobbly sit down again . hobbly I be not a bigot , miss , but everybody have he own belief ... and then ... with this terrible thing ... ( point to he leg ) ... if I do not have faith ... viridiana be sit on a wheelbarrow . nearby refugio be adjust don amalio 's clothes . viridiana ( to refugio ) I must know when you expect to give birth . refugio why ? viridiana heavens ! so the doctor can be warn . refugio in that case in about four month , but I can not tell you exactly . poca ( chime in insolently ) she do not even know who the father be . she say that it be night and she could not even see he head . refugio ( vex ) I do not expect you to scream it from the house top . don amalio ( with authority ) shut up . you should not speak like that in front of we holy protector who be a well - breed person . viridiana get up and arrange refugio 's clothes . she be astonished . she have never imagine that such people exist . she find this contact with decadence both seductive and horrifying . viridiana ( to refugio ) I be very sorry for you . have you any other child ! refugio no , miss , it will be the first . do you mind ...? viridiana sit down again . at that moment don zequiel , the bearded patriarch , and the dwarf arrive . hobbly continue work . viridiana be pose . the other be silent . dwarf we be go to the village , miss ... don zequiel with God 's and you own permission . enedina ( to viridiana ) they must bring I some potato , bacon , and rice . viridiana give don zequiel some money . viridiana take it and be careful not to be as late as you be yesterday . don amalio ( with a sickly smile ) could they bring I some tobacco ? poca no , miss . smoke make he spit and feel ill . don amalio ( furiously ) smoke make I feel ill ? it 's this filthy fag end . I will not mention in this company what 's upsetting you . viridiana ( conciliatory ) that will do . bring the tobacco and I will distribute it . don amalio thank you , miss . the dwarf and don zequiel leave . hobbly ( off ) come over here and see the picture . he have finish he work . viridiana get up and go over to see the result . all of they gather around to look at the artist 's work . viridiana it 's very good . hobbly thank you ; but it 's miss something . viridiana that do not matter ; I like it . a road border on don jaime' property . jorge and he foreman be stand near a electric pole . they be measure the ground with a tape . jorge how much be that ? foreman Fifteen yard . jorge that 's fifteen by seven ? foreman that 's it . jorge good . jorge jot the figure down in he little notebook and roll up the tape . they be both walk toward the road . a little cover wagon pull by a mule be come along the road in they direction . the wagon pass . Inside it , under the canvas , be two policemen in uniform and another man . behind they the driver 's back be visible . a dog be attach to the axle of the wagon by about three foot of string . the dog run along panting , its tongue hang out . it seem to be exhaust and can hardly keep up with the mule . if it stop , it would be pull along and strangle by the rope . the dog recede from the camera , frame between the two threaten wheel of the wagon . it reach jorge and pass he and he companion . the wagon stop at a fork in the road about a hundred yard farther on . jorge go toward it , intrigue . as he approach , the two policemen jump down and speak to the peasant who own the wagon . one policeman thanks , pal , see you later . peasant Goodbye : if you ever need anything ... the two policemen go off . the peasant go in back of the wagon to inspect the brake . jorge , sicken by the cruelty of the scene , come up to the wagon . he be frown and speak harshly to the peasant . jorge that animal can not take any more . now that the wagon 's empty , why do not you let he ride ? the peasant straighten up and stare at jorge . peasant it 's for people ! jorge then let he go and he will follow you . peasant and let he get run over by somebody else ? the apparent contrast between the peasant be cruelty and he care for the dog bewilder jorge . he bend down and stroke the animal . jorge I will buy he . the peasant look at he for a moment . he be perplex but react immediately . peasant he 's good at rabbit and he know it . when we be in the country , if he do not hunt he do not get feed . jorge how much do you want for he ? peasant ( hesitate ) I be not think of sell he , but if you want ... I will leave it to you . jorge pull some note out of he pocket and give two to the peasant . jorge all right , untie he . the peasant do so and hand the string , which be use as a lead , to jorge . peasant thank you , and God keep you and bless you . ( tap the wagon and address the driver ) get move . he get onto the wagon and sit down where the policeman have be . the wagon move off . peasant ( to jorge ) and remember , the less he eat , the better he run . jorge ( as the cart be go away ) what 's he call ? peasant ( shouting ) canelo ! on hearing he name , the dog try to jump toward he master , but jorge pull he back with the string . jorge be quiet ! where be you go ? come here , canelo ! canelo ! come on ! jorge and he companion leave the road and cross the field toward they worker . the wagon continue on its way . another carriage come from the opposite direction toward the camera . neither jorge nor the foreman pay any attention to it . the second carriage , with another miserable dog attach to its axle , pass in front of the camera . the two man do not notice the unhappy dog as the cart go by . in the field , two or three workmen be load a truck with stone . Beyond they , about twenty farm worker be clear the land for plow . it be full of stone and brushwood . they be wield hoe and mattock and tear out bush and weed . jorge and the foreman stop to watch the man work . foreman have you think of what you want plant yet ? jorge the field have be leave so long ; with a good manure anything will grow . foreman it 's for wheat . we have always grow maize in the strip above the vegetable . jorge and in the vegetable plot ? foreman that 's good land . suddenly , the young man see viridiana pass nearby on the road . viridiana come up , follow by poca . she be hold a white box which she have near she when she be pose for hobbly 's picture a short time before . jorge go forward to meet she . jorge what a miracle , you let yourself be see . have you come to look at the work ? poca pass discreetly , give jorge a wide berth to avoid meeting he . viridiana I have tell you before I be not interested in this . jorge look around with the satisfied expression of a landlord . jorge the best thing my father leave I be the land . you can see the result of the work on it , and if you help I it would not take long to change it even more . viridiana do not reply and try to move on . jorge ( to poca ) what be you do here ? get out . viridiana leave he alone . jorge you will not get much do with that people . that time be over ! you ought to let I kick they out . viridiana do they worry you that much , then ? jorge they worry I a great deal , and especially because of you . viridiana keep walk . jorge walk beside she . he still have the dog with he . jorge there 's no point in help some of they when there be so many other . viridiana I know perfectly well how little I can do . what I want to do be give pass beggar a roof , some food , and a bit of human warmth . jorge be that all you be go to devote you life to ? viridiana I be not sure yet . I have have a shock recently , and I be only beginning to get over it . perhaps I will go back to the convent one day . at this point there be a strange intermittent noise as if a bit of tin plate be be knock against stone . there be also shouting . workmen' voice ( shouting ) put you thing somewhere else ! get out of here ! viridiana look toward the commotion . the leper come up . he be afraid to come too close to she because of the people who be there . he be pull along a empty can which be attach to he belt by a piece of string : it be the can hit against the stone which be make the noise . on hearing the shout of the workmen , the beggar react with gesture of contempt . leper swine . viridiana ( off ) why be they shouting at he ? have not they any pity ? jorge , who have witness this scene , shrug he shoulder . jorge I do not know what 's go on ; ask he . viridiana go to the leper . the cruel mock of the workmen can still be hear . the foreman go up to jorge , smile . foreman this rascal be demon . they have tie a can to he . because they find the poor guy revolting , they make he walk with this can so they know when he 's come . viridiana , with poca just behind she , go up to the leper and unty the can while she be talk . viridiana why do you come here , jos‚ ? I tell you where to go until you be cure . jos‚ the leper kick the can away angrily . leper the weather be wonderful , the sun be warm , so I keep on walk and walk ... then you see ... viridiana do not reproach he , on the contrary she reply gently . viridiana how be you today ? leper thing seem to be get better . viridiana hold you arm out . you can not hope to be cure quickly . you hear what the doctor say . if it have be see to in time ... this will take time . but with the help of God , we will pull through . they go up to a clump of tree . poca keep he distance and then hide behind a bush . jorge , very unhappy , watch they go . but he recover immediately and go up to the workmen . viridiana sit down on a big stone and make the leper sit beside she . viridiana stretch out you arm . while he be obey , she take a tube of ointment and some gauze from the box she be carry . she begin to treat the arm . during this process the leper talk . leper it all start one unlucky day . a punishment from God because one windy day I be with a woman and after that I start to be punish . you be the first good woman I have see ; if all woman be as bad as the priest say , you would not take care of I . you , bad ? he shake he head and laugh stupidly . viridiana do not seem to hear and go on with she task calmly . viridiana be you parent alive ? leper Parents ? nobody care a damn , what 's the use of they ! viridiana do not say that . leper right , I will not say that , but I still think they be no use . poca , who have be listen to the conversation , come out of hide and intervene angrily . he wave he arm around like a windmill . poca do not pay any attention , miss ; this man 's no good . he want you to catch it too . at church , he put he arm into the Holy Water and seem to say would to God all that damn woman get it . the priest will not let he in . the leper get up mad with rage . the young woman can hardly hold he back . leper you will soon find out , you liar ! viridiana stop this ! leper he 's lie through he ass ! poca ask the priest , miss . viridiana that 's enough . ( to poca ) go join the other , and do not come back here . ( to the leper ) and you will have to control you temper . peace reign . poca leave , annoyed . viridiana finish bandage the leper be arm . he bow he head , not dare to protest , in spite of he urge to do so . don jaime' room at night . a oil lamp be burn . jorge be sit at a table hold a old gold watch . he be wind it carefully . his face express curiosity and pleasure . jorge ( look at the watch ) this must have be my grandfather 's . lucia be get ready for bed . she be sit on the edge of the bed in she nightgown . there be a atmosphere of cold conjugal routine . jorge if you wake first , wake I up . lucia what be you go to do ? she get up and come over to he . jorge what I do every day , but I want to do it earlier . lucia ( slightly reproachful ) you be happy , be not you ! jorge insert a little gold key into the watch . jorge should not I be ? you , on the other hand ... lucia I be bored . I be alone all day and I do not know what to do . jorge you should have enough to do in this house ... come here and listen to this . she come to he and he put the watch to she ear , wind a little spring . a tiny chime be hear . he be pleased with he discovery . she listen , frown . the tiny musical sound stop . jorge what be you think about ? lucia ( harshly ) that you cousin be more to you taste . jorge be startle . he hesitates , then try to change the subject . jorge she be not my cousin . lucia it do not make any difference what she be : you like she . jorge put the watch in a box . lucia I have a feel I should not have come here . I would better get out , fast ... she go back to the bed . jorge , who do not like the way this conversation be go , want to divert it . jorge we ought to talk about that some other time . she get into bed . jorge , pay no attention , continue to play with the watch . jorge how in hell do it wind up ? lucia I think I would better go tomorrow . jorge do not be a fool ! why rush away from something which could not happen ? he hum . lucia slip between the sheet . lucia you see how much you like she ? jorge that 's life . some people be bring together , other be separate . what can we do , if that 's the way it happen ? lucia , under the blanket , sob . jorge Lucia ! do not cry ! come on , darling , do not cry like that ! he be still very busy with he father 's trinket . he suddenly come across a small jewele crucifix . with he leave hand , he get hold of the little blade which be set into one side of it : the crucifix be in fact the handle of a dagger . jorge what a thing ! where do Father find that ? lucia be still sobbing . jorge try to open a watch case with the point of the dagger . a SMALL wood a hundre yard behind the house . there be several building , mostly in ruin , all scattered . one of they serve as the live quarter and dormitory of the beggar . another building , in equally bad repair , be some sort of storehouse where a group of about fifteen mason and laborer be work . a truck be stand in the yard with a load of material ; the foreman be supervise the unload . jorge come out of the house with canelo , still on the end of the string . jorge ( point to the truck ) hold on , Ramon ! be there time to make another trip ? foreman no , sir , it 's nearly six o'clock . ( to the workmen unload the truck ) okay , let 's get a move on ! ( to jorge ) when be you leave ? jorge tonight , but I will be back tomorrow afternoon . the village clock chime six . rows of almond tree . most of viridiana 's beggar be sit there on the ground or stand around . don amalio come from the path , lead by the dwarf . from afar , the six stroke of the village clock finish chime . viridiana arrive . she clap she hand . viridiana the angelus . hurrying , the beggar kneel , with the exception of hobbly who remain stand , lean on he stick . viridiana also remain stand . the leper , see what be happen , move quickly past the group and go away . in a quick montage , there follow alternate shot of the beggar praying quietly under the blossom of the almond tree and the work in full swing : close - up of cement slap onto a dilapidate wall , a tub full of water in which some lime fall , sand be sifted , log pile up on the ground , a wheelbarrow full of stone be tip out , plank being saw . the sound underline the contrast : the otherworldly mutter of viridiana and the beggar ; the very actual and rhythmic sound of the activity in the work yard . viridiana ( praying ) the angel of the Lord declare to Mary . there be a subdued murmur in which the voice of woman , who be more familiar with the word , be prominent . beggar and she conceive by the Holy ghost . all hail Mary full of grace the Lord be with thee bless art thou amongst woman and bless be the fruit of thy womb Jesus . Holy Mary mother of God pray for we sinner now and at the hour of we death . amen . the camera move to dump truck noisily empty its load onto the ground . two mason be stack brick . the beggar be hear in the distance recite the hail Mary . jorge walk in front of a heap of cement and sand , where there be two men shoveling . viridiana's voice behold the handmaid of the Lord . beggar ' voice be it do unto I accord to thy word . hail Mary full of grace ... viridiana's voice and the word be make flesh . beggar ' voice and dwelt among we . hail Mary full of grace ... the camera shift back to viridiana in prayer . she pray without ostentation , very simply . a few foot away from she , hobbly lean on he stick , contemplatively . viridiana pray for we , o Holy mother of God . beggar that we may be make worthy of the promise of Christ . the beggar cross themselves , stand up , and go away . viridiana walk in the direction of the work yard . jorge see the young woman come toward he smile . he feel sorry for she . to a man of action like himself , he foot well on the ground , viridiana seem to be behave absurdly : but he be strongly attract by she gentleness and beauty . as the two young people approach each other , the worker and the foreman , who have finish work and change they clothes , come out of the building and pass in front of they . they wave to jorge and leave . viridiana ( indicate the building and the beggar ' house ) be they go to work here too ? jorge do not worry . nobody 's go to disturb you . his eye run quickly over she body . he can not hide the ironic reaction he experience upon complete this examination . jorge do not forget the meeting with the lawyer . the car will pick you up tomorrow morning . viridiana I will be ready . jorge ( nodd toward the dormitory ) do you intend to stay here for some time ? the beggar pass to and for . viridiana yes . why ? jorge you can come and live again in the big house if you want . now that I be alone , I can settle down anywhere . viridiana lower she eye shyly . viridiana and ... you friend ? jorge she 's leave . viridiana be she come back ? jorge no . viridiana why ? jorge stare at she with a certain amount of insolence . jorge why do any man leave a woman ? she shrug and purse she lip , indicate she lack of experience . jorge if you do not understand , I do not want to explain it to you . you be too cold and religious ; you would be shocked . viridiana blushes . he burst out laugh and walk off toward the work yard . voice ( off ) miss ! Old moncho and the coachman , look awkward , be wait nearby . viridiana go up to they . we can see ramona be back behind they . she be fidget with a bunch of key . she seem to be wait for something . viridiana you have decide to leave , moncho . moncho yes ! viridiana I can not do anything to make you stay ? this people annoy you , be not that it ? the two man do not answer but look down . viridiana well , what be you go to do ? jorge pass near the group and go to ramona . coachman he 's come to live with I , miss . viridiana if that 's what you want ... but I be very sorry you be leave . thank you for everything , moncho . God bless you . she shake hand with they . they go off toward the village . ramona hand jorge the bunch of key when he come up to she . without say anything , they go off toward the house . the attic at the top of the house . there be a bizarre collection of junk : a ancient worm - eat piano , some old suitcase , some break chair , various box , unsteady - look pile of crate , a burst mattress , a once elegant couch , now tear and dirty . the voice of jorge and ramona be hear come from another room . jorge' voice obviously ! here 's the miss furniture ! what a state it 's in ! Father must have be a peculiar type . ramona's voice I do not think the master ever come here . they both appear . jorge be carry the key ramona give he earlier , in the field . he look at the couch cover . jorge and this chest ? ramona there be some curtain and drape , but they be all very old . a cat make its way through the pile - up crate . jorge there must be some rat 's nest in there ! I would like to ask you something . you work for my father for seven year , do not you ? do he ever mention I ? ramona 's eye follow he tenderly . ramona I do not know ; I can not remember . but I be sure he love you . jorge why ? ramona you would not be here otherwise . jorge ( hit a chair ) this chair be in good condition . with a little varnish and some new cover this one will be quite presentable . jorge continue to poke around . again , ramona look at he with the willing submission evident before . jorge go to another corner of the attic where , on one side , sack be heape against the wall . the camera frame a door and a few beam . jorge go up to a heap of sack . jorge what be this sack do here ? he half lift they . ramona I do not know -- they have always be there . jorge that 's stupid ! plaster ! it can still be use . he go up to another pile of sack . ramona follow he , fascinate . jorge and that ! that 's sand . as I will not be here tomorrow , tell the foreman to take they . he show the sack to ramona . turn suddenly , he eye meet hers . he understand everything . frightened by the discovery , she avoid he glance . jorge begin to laugh . jorge what 's wrong with you , woman ? why be you look at I like that ? ramona try to escape , but the young man catch she by the arm . he pull she around to face he and look at she for a moment , in silence , smile . then he hold she chin . jorge do you know something , ramona ? if you take some trouble , you would be quite pretty ... small tooth , a good mouth -- what more do you want ? without further ado , he kiss she on the lip , not even bother to hold she . feeling he lip on hers , she shut she eye . her eyelid quiver . she give herself up to the long await pleasure . jorge look around . jorge ( pull she with he ) let 's sit down a moment . they go over to a pile of sack . Close - up of the pile - up furniture . the camera frame a big rat busy by a old sack . with a bound , the cat be on it . in front of the house . a car stop near viridiana , who be wait . the driver get out . viridiana be we leave ? driver Don jorge say he would be wait for you at the lawyer 's at four o'clock . viridiana good . she go up to don zequiel and the singer , who be wait nearby . viridiana ( to Don Zequiel ) you be the most responsible here . I be hand they over to you . make sure they all behave themselves . don zequiel ( off ) do not worry , miss , I will look after thing . viridiana ( off ) do you want anything else ? don zequiel ( off ) bring I a flute if you see one . I would like to learn music . ramona , together with rita who have she face bandage as if she have a toothache , come out of the house and shut the door . rita ( weep ) they be go to hurt I . ramona well if they hurt you , put up with it ! let 's go ! ramona and rita get into the car , follow by viridiana . beggar ' voice good luck , miss ! the kitchen . enedina be cradling she yell baby in she arm . don amalio keep quiet . this miserable brat only get in the way . enedina you would like I to kill they ? poca with the life that 's ahead of they they would be better off be send to paradise . enedina go up to paco and hand he the child . enedina put she in the sun with she sister . paco take the little girl , who be still cry , and leave . hobbly , who have be stand at the door watch the car go , come back into the kitchen rub he hand . hobbly now to knock off a couple of lamb . we will have they roast . this idea obviously amaze enedina . she look at the blind man and poca , who be enjoy themselves . hobbly what do you think of that ? don amalio I will go along with it ... if it 's be respectful enough . enedina what will the lady say ? poca she will not even know . enedina if everybody agree , but to make a roast take four hour . hobbly well , what 's all the hurry ? the blind man turn to enedina . don amalio do not you say you know how to make vanilla pudding ? enedina yes , yes . hobbly you hear that , poca ? get the egg and milk . I will see to the lamb . poca take a pail and paco hand he a basket . the blind man sit down on a bench and break out into merry idiotic laughter . the park . refugio , the pregnant woman , be busy collect dead wood . the singer be sit near she on a bench . she sing a few bar of a song in a grate voice , accompany herself on a guitar . don zequiel be not far away . unlike she normal self , refugio be very active . she move with great ease . the singer interrupt she song and address she companion . singer do not kill yourself , refugio ! can not you see we be alone ? refugio what 's that get to do with it ? singer what 's the good of work ? don zequiel , scandalize , go up to they . don zequiel you keep quiet . the miss leave I in charge here and nobody be go to upset thing . you , stick to you sing ! singer look at we now ! what make you think that I be up to something ? there be shout from the house . they look around . the dwarf and the gardener be gesture from the doorway . gardener Don Zequiel ! refugio ! come here ! don zequiel damn woman ! how do you get in there ? dwarf through a back window . refugio and the gardener rush toward the house . don zequiel follow they uncertainly . don zequiel where be you go ? the singer have reach the door . singer come here , Don Zequiel . I be here with the lady . there be wonderful thing inside ! don zequiel seem unconvince . don zequiel if it 's only to have a look ... he move toward the house . don zequiel but do not touch anything . leave everything where it be ! the three beggar , one behind another , itching to have what have be forbidden they , join the other in the house . the field . Close - up of a dove work its way awkwardly over the grass . the leper , who be follow it , throw himself forward and trap it in he hand . leper Little dove from the south , you be hurt . what be you call ? ( stroking it ) my little dove ! my dear dove ! my darling , sweet dove ! suddenly , he be strike on the shoulder by a stone . he get to he foot . without realize it , he have come to the place where the man be work . the laborer have see he and be warning he in this crude way . first worker get out ! second worker come any nearer and I will bust you head in ! third worker get lose . one of they pick up a stone and hurl it at he . the leper , furious , make obscene gesture at they and pour out insult while he rub the place where the stone hit he . leper you bastard ! I hope you get what I have get ! but while he be shouting , he be make off . foam with rage , he disappear into the tree , jabber incoherently . interior of the sitting room . Close - up of the portrait of do¤a elvira . while the camera pull back to include the portrait of Don Jaime , the comment of the beggar , who have just come into the house , be hear off . singer that woman , the one who look like we miss viridiana , she 's the wife of the man who hang himself . among the first group of beggar , don zequiel be in the act of fill one of Don Jaime 's pipe . don zequiel think of hang yourself , with all that money ! singer he must have have asthma . all that load old man have asthma . they stop examine the picture and begin explore the draw room . the woman go up to the cupboard which hold tablecloth and silver . the singer open it . they stand , gape . dwarf what stuff ! gardener Jesus , Mary , and Joseph . the singer take out a heavily embroider tablecloth which she have see among other at the bottom of the cupboard . don zequiel , smoking the pipe , come up to look . singer look at that . how 's that for a tablecloth ! gardener come on , let 's put it out . excite , she put it on the table and begin to spread it . the other help she . refugio that must have cost a fortune . at least a thousand . singer a thousand ! more like ten thousand ! can not you see it 's french lace ? don zequiel go on , fold it up , you be go to spoil it . singer keep on smoking and shut up . we be not do any harm . it 's not as bad as smoking he tobacco . refugio Don Zequiel 's right . if that people come back and we do not hear they , God help you . gardener they will not get back before tomorrow . I hear they tell the driver . refugio if you have not eat on lace like that , you have not live . the dine room that night . Close - up of a shaking hand try to pick up a full glass of wine from the laid table . the sumptuous tablecloth be stain with wine and grease . the hand knock the glass over . scrap of talk be hear . voice ( off ) watch it , Don Zequiel ! refugio do not worry ! we will all clean it up ; it will be as right as rain . the camera reveal a extraordinary scene . the beggar be sit at the table ; the leper be by himself at a small adjacent table . they have get through two roast lamb , the remain of which be scattered over the table . there be a extraordinary confusion of glass , plate , and bottle ; the " guest " be unhamper by any formality , and some of they -- like the patriarchal don zequiel , who have just knock over the glass -- be really drunk , other only " light - up . " paco pass I that bottle . singer go on , Don amalio ! don amalio they have get a real hen house here ! you can not hear yourself speak . poca tell I the answer to this ! what bird lay egg in a barn ? voice shut up , let 's hear Don amalio ! don amalio quiet ! now we be gather together to beg under the porch . but only in the church of the rich ! the girl pass by smell so sweet that you feel they on you . poca be chew a hunk of mutton . his hand and chin be shiny with fat . poca that 's great ! you can smell they but you can not lay you hand on they ! be that it ? the leper be sit some foot away from the other , but as the drink go on he gradually work he way in until finally he join the group ; the other be beyond notice he sore . the leper clap he hand to show he appreciation of the blind man 's story . leper why do you split up ? don amalio grimace at the sound of the leper 's voice . he half turn toward he . don amalio you , shut you face ! I will not have question from any one ! most of they be not listen ; they be talk to each other , eat noisily , pour out wine for themselves and each other . voice ( off ) go on with the story ! don amalio ( heavily ) okay , it break up when this deaf fellow start on the collection box in the church with a knife . enedina have finish eat and be pick she tooth with she finger , unconcernedly . singer how do you know ? don amalio the noise of the money in he pocket give he away . we hardly get a sou that day . he strike the table to get silence and attention . don amalio you know what I do ? I tell the police about he ! hobbly you sing because he do not cut you in , you rat ! the blind man react , seize he stick . then he decide to talk he way out . don amalio the judge thank I very much , and one of they , who be a gentleman , say I be ... the old man , don zequiel , who be half slump over the table , come around sufficiently to pick up the blind man 's story . don zequiel ( mutter ) shitty bastard , that 's what I would call you ! don amalio go on as if he have not hear . the singer , he neighbor , leave the table . don amalio he say " honest citizen , " if you want to know . the singer take up she guitar and begin to sing a popular song . most of they join in . don zequiel be slump over the table , try to sleep . poca be drink heavily with one of the woman . one of enedina 's daughter , who be sleep on a couch , wake up frighten and begin to bawl . refugio , who be tight , can not bear the din and lurch toward the little girl . refugio ( shouting ) you filthy little brat . shut up or watch out ! she pick up the whining child and shake she brutally . refugio what 's up with you ? why be you scream ? I will belt you one ! enedina rush up furiously and take the child out of she arm . enedina do not you touch my little girl . refugio keep the brat quiet so we can hear what 's go on . enedina I will bust you face . refugio keep you hand off I , you filthy whore ! enedina hit she powerfully . refugio jump on she like a tigress and grab she hair . the cry of the child get louder . the other go on sing , apparently unperturb by the fight . the two woman hit each other in a blind fury . poca and paco try in vain to separate they , under the glassy stare of don zequiel . but it take don amalio to calm they . he take enedina and protect she with he body . don amalio stop this , stop this . enedina let I go , Don amalio , I will tear she apart . during the brawl , the leper go up to the table to get a bottle . hobbly , without leave he place , poke he viciously with he stick . don amalio do not let enedina go . don amalio keep quiet , enedina , she 's not worth pay attention to . let 's behave ourselves nicely . ( to refugio ) stick to you place . there be calm once again . they all go back to they place and adjust they clothes . poca go up to the sideboard where he find the plate of vanilla pudding . he stick in he finger and lick it greedily . enedina ( off ) my pudding ! leave it , you thief ! she push poca 's hand into the plate . he pull it out cover with cream . voice ( off ) bring in the pudding , enough of the brawling . enedina , still puffing and blow , take the plate of pudding , walk to the table , and put the pudding down . there be clap and murmur of satisfaction . there be no more sing . the child be quiet . they all help themselves to pudding and there be quiet while they all taste the dessert . the leper prowl around the table with a plate in he hand , not dare to take any . once again hobbly drive he away . the gardener realize what be go on , fill a plate and bring it to he . then she sit down again and help herself . poca catch enedina 's eye . poca enedina ? enedina ( off ) what do you want ? poca be it all right ? enedina yes . poca ( address all of they ) enedina 's go to take a picture . so we will have a souvenir . don amalio where 's the camera ? enedina ( laugh cagily ) it 's a present from my parent . they go to one side of the table . the leper place himself near the blind man , who sit in the middle . the blind man sit very straight , with he arm stretch out and he two hand on the table . the other arrange themselves on either side of he , strike different pose . in honor of the occasion , don zequiel have come out of he stupor . when everyone be ready , enedina stand in front of they . she turn she back to the camera . in a flash the still scene suddenly conjure up the scene of another Supper . enedina sweep she very ample skirt up to she face . the photograph be take . she choke with laughter behind she skirt . they all relax they pose and break out into disorder babbling . the group come to life again and the hubbub reign supreme . the leper now appear lecherous and gay . he go up to the phonograph , take a record , put it down dissatisfied , and then pick up another at random . he put it on the record player . it be the " hallelujah chorus " from handel 's messiah . he play it very loud and this seem to give he pleasure and even more strength . he glide toward Don Jaime 's room . before go in , he look at they defiantly but they do not seem to notice . enedina help shake don zequiel , who have fall asleep again . refugio the lousy man . tables be not mean to lie on . singer eat you pudding . it 's a dream . handel 's music fill the room with sound . don zequiel open a eye and look bleary . he see the plate which be be hand to he . the singer , laugh , spoon - feed he like a child . don zequiel ( half unconscious ) you be a dainty piece . how spry you be , enedina . they all burst out laugh . singer this be not enedina . in the middle of the hubbub , the leper appear at the door of Don Jaime 's room in do¤a elvira 's veil and corset . he begin to dance to the music of the " hallelujah chorus . " it be a wild , grotesque dance , with movement of the fandango and a expression of inane merriment . his incongruous toothless mouth make it slightly sinister . he pull tuft of feather out from he jacket and throw they around the room onto the guest . his entry cause some surprise . the woman scream and the man jeer . soon the singer get up and go to dance with the leper . she take of he veil and put it around herself . it begin to look like a witch ' sabbath . leper ( throw the feather ) Little dove of the south . Little dove . the blind man , still sit , pull enedina onto he knee . don amalio enedina , come here . sit down . come on , drink up ! enedina drink . poca join the other . he pull he beret over he eye and go into a series of contortion , move he arm and leg with a frenzied agility remarkable for a man of he age , gyrate in a mad jig . he dance with the gardener . refugio join in to dance with the leper , keep she distance , however . while the couple be dance , hobbly , don zequiel , and don amalio still sit around the table . one of enedina 's little girl have begin to cry again . don zequiel , who have finish he dessert , contemplate the show without understanding clearly what be go on . enedina go to the couch , carry the weep little girl in she arm . enedina there , there , do not cry . she put the child on the couch ; the cry stop . paco appear behind the couch , gesture to enedina , and point to where he be . paco look at this , enedina . enedina go around the couch to paco , curious to see what it be . enedina what be it ? paco get down , you will not see it otherwise . the woman do so . paco grab she and make she fall behind the couch ; they roll over each other . they leg stick out behind one end of the couch . sometimes hers be on top , sometimes he . they roll around on the floor , paco laugh , enedina protest . the gardener see what be happen behind the couch and wave don zequiel over . gardener just look at this , Don Zequiel ! be not it awful ! he look and see . the leg of the couple struggle behind the couch . Close - up of the scared face of the little child stretch out on the couch . enedina's voice get off , let I go ! let I go ! let I go ! don zequiel vigorously thump the table . don zequiel leave they alone ! it will make they sorrier later ! hobbly hurl a plate of pudding into the " patriarch 's " face . don zequiel wipe he face with he hand , try to get the stuff off he beard . meanwhile , poca , who have just see what be happen behind the couch , pass near don zequiel and laugh at the state he be in . gardener ( off ) that 's just the thing for you , Don Zequiel ! ecce homo , that 's what I would say ! don zequiel try to get to he foot to defend himself ; but he wobble and fall back heavily onto he chair . poca , who be look cautiously over he shoulder , come up to don amalio who be still in he place and touch he on the shoulder . poca Don amalio ! don amalio what 's that ? poca enedina and paco ... don amalio what about they ? poca they be play game behind the couch ... the blind man start . his jaw tremble and anger take hold of he . he seize he stick and get up . don amalio which couch ? poca ( vaguely ) that one . don amalio put he hand on poca 's shoulder . don amalio take I there . poca really , Don amalio , there 's not much point in make a fuss . poca , who do not seem to be too happy about this turn of event , walk toward the couch , follow by the blind man who be grip he . poca do not seem keen on get involved in the event he stir up and slither out of the way , leave he jacket in the hand of amalio , whose fury be mount . don amalio where be you , you swine ? I will crack you skull in . take I to they and I will kill he . without he guide , he lose all sense of direction . he move from one side to the other . in vain , hobbly try to stop he . overcome with rage , the blind man clutches he cane and , face the banquet table , lay about he with all he strength . his flay create havoc with the content of the table : plate , glass , bottle . wine , sauce , and pudding be spill . very soon the beautiful embroider tablecloth become a battlefield of destruction . paco and enedina , terrify , get up from behind the couch . refugio and the gardener begin to be troubled by the turn of event . disorderliness have turn into a orgy without anyone 's really be aware of what be happen . a glimmer of sense in they befuddle mind make the two woman aware of the possible consequence . in the middle of the room , enedina tidy herself up . the leper try to extricate himself from the corset that he have wrap himself in . refugio ( whisper to the gardener ) thing be go to be worse than the Cuban War ... gardener you be right . we will be better off if we be see in the village tonight . they slip into the hall . the blind man be finally in command . don zequiel fall face down and get entangle in do¤a elvira 's wedding veil as he try in vain to stand up again . leper now he have spoiled the party . singer ( off ) Holy virgin , how can we fix up this brothel ? all of they have stop dance although the phonograph be still play . enedina try to justify herself . enedina ( apropos the blind man ) if he be my man , he would have he rights ; but as it be , why ? singer you be quite right , old dear . the way he treat you ... refugio and the gardener rush down the stair into the lower hall . when they reach the big front door , they open it and go out into the park . they have hardly leave the building when they hear the noise of a car , and almost at once the headlight appear , make they hesitate for a moment and try to hide in the shadow . the music of handel 's messiah be still play . the car round the turn in the road . it come to a halt in front of the house . jorge , ramona , then viridiana and rita get out one at a time . viridiana , note the two beggar run away , take a few step in they direction . jorge realize immediately that something abnormal have be go on . he see a woman run away and hear the solemn chorus of handel 's messiah . without pause a moment to reflect , he go into the house . the camera switch to the beggar group in the sit room . poca now it 's every man for himself . let 's go . the camera shift back to jorge , enter the house . one by one the beggar pass he in the hall , look crestfallen and as innocent as the situation allow . the first one he meet be poca , who with great difficulty be support the almost completely unconscious don zequiel . paco good night ... he do not feel too well . appall , jorge stand in the hall and watch the strange herd pass by . the singer , carry one of the little girl who be bawling , go by with the dwarf . singer good night , Don jorge . we be leave now ... then it be poca 's and enedina 's turn . the latter have another infant in she arm . enedina ( pathetically ) they tell we you would be back tomorrow ... poca I do not want to do it , Don jorge . they make I ... jorge , quite beside himself , take poca by the arm . jorge get out of here ! out ! the blind man , lead on as if by instinct and by the noise of the depart fugitive , go toward the exit with the aid of he stick . he march along , head high , he stick in front of he . it be difficult to know whether he be aware of jorge 's presence or not . on pass in front of he , he intone in a sonorous voice . don amalio bless be the generous , master , who take into they respectable house a poor defenseless blind man . God will reward they . he advance while he speak . his foot get entangle in the wedding veil which be leave on the floor . finally he get rid of it with he stick and go out as quickly as he blindness allow . the room be now empty . jorge , frown , take in the carnage cause by the senseless orgy . he advance toward the record player , where the " hallelujah chorus " be still play , and turn it off . he start suddenly on hearing the noise of furniture be knock against in Don Jaime 's room . jorge enter Don Jaime room and grope around in the half light . the room be faintly light by one chandelier with the six candle which be still intact . jorge look around . at first he do not see anybody . but then a curtain move and he go toward it . jorge ( shouting ) do not you hear I ? beat it . hobbly appear from behind the curtain . jorge okay , get out , you . hobbly smile in a sinister way . hobbly you lordship must not get annoyed : I have not do anything wrong . .. without say a word , jorge advance on he , ready to seize he arm and put he out . hobbly , now alert , suddenly pull out a dagger . jorge be undecided for a moment , but soon react by find a chair in the passage and brandish it , ready to attack he opponent . in a flash , a raise arm behind he swing a bottle . before he be aware of the danger , jorge be hit by the bottle , stagger , and fall heavily to the floor . the leper , look happy and proud of himself , lean over he victim . leper I get he , comrade . I get he ! at this point , viridiana appear at the door and be frighten by what she see . viridiana my God , what have you do to he ! hobbly he be ask for it . viridiana but why ? why ? she rush to he and lean over he , call he in anguish . viridiana jorge ! jorge ! hobbly stop she and take she by the arm . hobbly you should not cry over that . if you be without one man you can always find another to console you . he embrace she , crush she cheek with he lip . she scream and look around for a mean of escape . she see the leper and there be a glimmer of hope in she eye . viridiana jos‚ , jos‚ ! for the love of God , do not let he ... the leper empty a bottle and begin to jeer again without move a inch . leper nothing will happen to you , miss . we be all good folk here . be not we , hobbly ? it be apparent from viridiana 's expression that she feel lose . she try to escape but hobbly take hold of she again . she look at he in terror . in the park . the beggar have disappear except for the old man don zequiel , who be staggering along the wall , help by paco . ramona and she daughter be stand in front of the car and have see they come out of the house . so have the driver . ramona make up she mind and quickly get back into the car with rita . ramona ( to the driver ) to the village ! we have get to warn ... driver they will get they in no time . if they have steal anything , it will not do they any good . the car start up and move quickly away from the estate . don jaime' room . jorge be stretch out unconscious . the leper , kneel , be tie up he leg with a curtain cord . he tie one end to the wardrobe . hobbly ( off ) why all the fuss ? it have to happen sooner or later ! viridiana ramona ! help ! they can be hear struggle . a chair crash to the ground . the leper finish tie up jorge . his livid face look ghostly in the half light . he laugh , jerk he head back as if he be have a fit of St. vitus ' dance . his work finish , he get up and with the look of a impartial spectator watch the struggle between he benefactress and the beggar . viridiana be defend herself with more energy than she ever look capable of . hobbly be strong , but despair provide the young woman with equal strength . hobbly push she onto the bed and then jump on she , but viridiana react quickly and flee toward the door . but the leper be wait for she there and block she passage with fold arm . hobbly catch he prey again and , hold she tightly in he arm , take she once again to the bed . viridiana ( scream ) ramona ! ramona ! hobbly ( between he tooth , with rage ) quiet , my dove . quiet , or I will ... jorge open he eye and , only half conscious , become aware of the struggle . he desperately try to free himself from he bond but they do not give way . with muffle voice , he call to the leper . jorge come here ! the leper jeer foolishly . jorge come here , you rogue ! come here ! the leper go up to he and speak in confidence , with a greedy laugh , indicate the struggle couple . leper maybe afterwards he will let I ... jorge if you free I , you will be a rich man ... the leper shrug he shoulder , laugh . leper I , rich ? come on ! jorge there 's plenty of money in this house . pile of it . the leper become serious and lean a little lower in order to hear better . leper where ? meanwhile , in the fight , viridiana end up by fall on the bed under hobbly . her arm flail furiously in resistance . her clench hand grip the cord that the beggar be use as a belt . it be rita 's jump rope , the same one Don Jaime hang himself with . as she hand touch the handle of the rope , she gesture freeze . then she let go , drop she arm as if give up the struggle . hobbly brutally turn she face to he and avidly kiss she . but jorge 's word seem to have have a effect on the leper . jorge I do not want you to untie I . kill he and then I will give you the money . leper where 's the dough ? jorge kill he and I will tell you . if I do not keep my word , you can kill I too . there be thousand of peseta . kill he , idiot ! the leper tremble with cupidity . he get up , seize a iron fire shovel . he go toward the bed , where viridiana seem to have faint . hobbly be embrace she . at this point the leper hit hobbly 's head with all he strength . there be the sound of heavy blow then nothing more ... jorge ( through clench tooth ) kill he . leper ( with a ferocious laugh ) that will teach you not to bother I any more , you son of a bitch . the leper , have satisfied he vengeance in order to gratify he avarice , turn to jorge . point the shovel at he , he remind he savagely of he situation . leper where 's the cash ? jorge realize that the leper be quite likely to finish he off too . he be even more afraid that , now that the leper be master of the house , he might try to do something to viridiana . jorge there in the cupboard . it 's open . the leper quickly open the cupboard and begin look . jorge on the top shelf under the linen . the leper look there . he seize pile of linen and throw they on the floor . finally he find a bundle of note and count they avidly . outside the house , the car be back and stop in front of the door . ramona and rita get out , with the mayor and two policemen . they rush into the house . the driver be the last . ramona up there . mayor let 's go ! the park , the next day . two cow be be lead toward the field by the coachman , who have return . rita be walk behind , play with a stick and jump happily in the grass . Old moncho , who have also return , be push the wheelbarrow beside they . inside the house . jorge stand near a door to one of the room with a man who be take measurement and write they down in a notebook . jorge I want a switch here ; and put a plug over there . the man indicate the fitting on the other wall with chalk mark . he cross the room . jorge then turn to viridiana , whose presence in the room be apparent only now . she be seat a few step away , sewing , dress in a print blouse , which give she a unexpectedly youthful air . she seem finally to have become just like any other young woman . jorge ( amiably but insistently ) have you get over the scare you have yesterday ? viridiana , she eye lower , do not reply . jorge turn around again and join the man who be accompany he . they conversation continue , off . jorge you can put the other plug there at the bottom for the two floor lamp that I have buy . with she eye , viridiana follow the young man who no longer pay any attention to she . it be a look we have never see in she . it be undefinable , but seem full of gratitude , apology , and tenderness -- a woman 's look . viridiana's room , nighttime . viridiana pull out a small break mirror from a drawer . by the light of a single candle , she smooth she loose hair . she have cry and there be trace of tear on she cheek . without a doubt she be undergo some internal struggle . she stand up , pick up a garment , and leave . on the drive , near viridiana's cell -like room . a brushwood fire have be light . moncho put some leave on it . it be cool and the old servant warm he hand over the flame and then go off to find some more dry leave . some jazz , in contrast with handel 's messiah , begin to play . this continue until the end of the film . Little rita , she shoulder cover by the old blanket already see on she , be sit on a big stone near the fire . she be hold the crown of thorns dear to viridiana , look at it curiously . while she be handle it , she prick she finger and a drop of blood appear . she suck it . and , after look sorrowfully at the crown of thorns , she throw it onto the fire with a air of detachment . the crown of thorns very soon become a crown of fire . Jazz music . don jaime' room . jorge with he sleeve roll up be wash he hand and arm . ramona be sit on the edge of the turn - back bed , sewing a button on jorge 's jacket . it be a peaceful family scene . jorge ( off ) the towel . ramona put the jacket on the bed and go to look for the towel . she hand it to he . jorge look at she , smile , while he be drying himself . he stroke she cheek . ramona happily let he hand run across she face to she mouth . she cover he hand with little kiss and nibble it gently . the jazz music get louder ; it be come from the phonograph . the camera switch briefly to the crown of thorns in flame . with a stick , a hand take it out of the flame and put it on the ground , where it go on burn and crackle . in don jaime' room . jorge and ramona be startle by the noise of light rapid knock on the door . jorge who 's there ? ramona start to leave the room but jorge stop she . jorge where be you go ? wait ! nobody appear or reply and he go to the door himself . viridiana be there . her expression be strange . she be apparently very calm but she betray a great inner agitation . her hair hang loosely on she shoulder . she have never look so feminine . her appearance take he by surprise . jorge come in , viridiana . have something happen ? she do not reply . she try to look he in the eye but , overcome , soon lower she gaze . she stand still and silent on the threshold . jorge do you want to speak to I ? be there anything I can do ? jorge try to penetrate she thought but do not succeed . viridiana finally look at he imploringly as if ask to be understand and pardon . jorge 's concentrate gaze relax . as if by instinct , he suddenly realize that the long desire moment have arrive . the girl be at he mercy . his smile be ironic but friendly as he move back to let she in . see ramona there , she be take aback . her face harden and she body stiffen as she stare at the servant and then jorge . ramona herself seem petrify , while jorge , apparently at ease , try to relax the atmosphere . jorge I must say , I be not expect you . we be play card ... while he be talk he move toward the table . jorge I hope you be not surprised by this pastime , but the evening be long and they must be get through , somehow . but ... do sit down ... viridiana , who be a little reassure , but not completely at home , taut , with a fix look and without a word , follow he . ramona , who feel she be not want , be about to leave . jorge do not leave , ramona . come here ! Mademoiselle be not proud and she do not mind you stay here . be not that so ? ramona go timorously to the table . viridiana 's expression be blank . jorge take up the card and shuffles they rigorously . he do not seem to find the situation at all unnatural . jorge you know how to play card , cousin ? no ? then sit down . I be sure you will like it . viridiana , still detach , decide to sit down . ramona remain stand , partly out of distress and partly out of respect . jorge you too , sit down . come on , sit down . all cat be gray at night ... ramona sit down and jorge finish shuffle the card . jorge do you like this music , viridiana ? it 's popular now . he put the card on the table in front of viridiana . she be still taut and silent . jorge cut. like that ... Close - up of jorge 's hand , which quietly take viridiana 's limp hand and put it on the card , help she with a light pressure to divide the pack . jorge then put the card together and begin deal to each accord to the rule of the game ... jorge you will not believe I , but the first time I meet you I say to myself : " my cousin viridiana will end up play card with I . " he finish deal . ramona be slightly animated . viridiana , who seem to be pay no attention to what she be do , with the tip of she finger start play she card . the camera now recede at top speed , show the room in immense perspective . at the end of it , the three player be soon almost indistinct in the center of the image . the shoot angle widen more and more and in the center of the image , while the music continue its euphoric and frenzied rhythm , there appear the word : the end . screenplay by Luis bu¤uel ( in collaboration with julio alejandro ) translated by piergiuseppe bozzetti