vo ? ud twenty pirst century por tralee wreeten by brady corbet in 65 mm '- it be difficult enough to acquire fame . it be impossible to change its nature once you have acquire it . 's - ayn rand ' I be perpetually lonely -- I be half live my life between reality and fantasy at all time . - Lady gaga ' any society base on domination support and condone violence . 's - bell hook ' what 's miss from pop music be danger . 's - Prince int . live room - holiday morning - 1990 video footage -— open in a dark hallway . someone off - camera fuss with the video setting as they walk down a corridor towards a family gather . at the center of everyone 's attention we find a girl at four year old . she wear a set of cowboy boot and a red cowboy hat . she stretch , practice aerobics . her hair be tease and wild . another young girl who look nearly identical sit off to the side . despite the verbose nature of the text , a narrator speak over the image in a unaffected tone . narrator celeste be bear in America in 1986 . consider she parent 's background , education , and socioeconomic status - be on the lose side of '' reaganomics '' - the name of Latin origin seem a especially poetic choice . it carve she out some pre-determine destination ; a route which to travel by . she perform a sort of clumsy square dance in front of where she grandfather and uncle play a duet and sing at a casio keyboard . off -camera voice celeste , look at I . look at the camera . she ignore the request . narrator - and many year before ce-le - ste roll off the cultural tongue like a principle anecdote one sense they be bear know ; she might not have be describe as all that special or conspicuously talented , however , she do possess that proverbial '' something '' which on occasion capture the attention of she teacher and young peer . 3 . a few other family member cheer she on , laugh and gay , but celeste be lose , stare at she foot try not to trip in she stiff new boot . off -camera voice darling , look at I . look up . narrator despite what naysayer or hater later perceive of she ingenuity , she be actually a very savvy businesswoman . in the beginning , she be kind and full of grace , and at least she write she own lyric ; no one could take that away from she . the young girl finally acknowledge 's the off - camera voice . her eye be blue and pierce . her expression be possess . off -camera voice can you sing we the song you sing to I in the car ? she do not reply but she gaze remain lock on the lens . fade to black : a beat of silence , then ... a booming orchestral score chug , building towards a grand swoon movement ... black fade and give way to a rush of color , shade of violet and cyan . the narrator 's voice now fight to be hear over the increasingly cacophonous sound . the shape of the recording evolve into something like a bad radio transmission . narrator she would be 13 go on 14 year old in the year 2000 , the dawn of the new millennium . insert title : vox lux finally , the symphony begin to mimic the simpler chord progression of a contemporary pop song . insert title : act I pop music overtake the soundtrack . int . family room basement - evening - 1999 wide on -— a music video glow off a television box hinge to the ceiling . a empty treadmill be on at full - speed . ext . neighborhood STREET - evening a series of tableaus - wide on -— a row of middle - class residence line a quiet neighborhood street . the mood be relentlessly sombre . a ominous dark blue hue tints at dusk . 5 . a few street lamp turn on with they timer and light pour out live room window from the television set nestle inside . ext . town mall - evening medium on - Street lamp buzz and after some time turn on in staggered set illuminate the mall lot . a few kid hang out smoking by the entrance ext . fast food chain - evening close on - one of the restaurant 's rotate sign . new angle on - two different food chain compete for attention situate just across from one another . a black suv pull away from the drive - through . ext . foothills - later a series of angle - the suv speed fast across the landscape , a bad omen . it 's darker out with every new angle . ext . school - night super wide on - a high school campus at night . heaps of kid step out of they parent 's car . there 's a event on . the suv enter frame and the composition adjust slightly to the leave compensate for the vehicle 's movement . the distance , the quality of light - it 's sci-fi . int . school cafeteria - night it 's New Year 's eve . long lens on -— the camera meticulously pan the room . a middle school cafeteria 's be set up as a makeshift dance hall . teens dance a bit provocatively with one another . a few grind up and down each other 's thigh . they be have a great time . the energy be infectious , intoxicating . after some time , a fight seem to break out for no apparent reason . the music be too loud to make out anything specific of the conflict . a adult supervisor , ms. dwyer , step in to break up the fight . one young man be leave in tear . he seem deeply ashamed . ms. dwyer lean to he , put a affectionate hand on he shoulder . the kid brushes it off and we pan with he as he exit by himself . ext . parking lot - continuous pan right - the young man step out and walk across the lot . ext . highway - moment later close on - we track with the boy for a extend period of time . he quiver and heave deep visible breath into the cold night air . he hum a tune . after a while some light orchestra join in but before it can develop into much of anything , a hard cut to - int . school cafeteria - later the student chant ! student 10 ! 9 ! 8 ! 7 ! 6 ! 5 ! 4 ! 3 ! 2 -- before the midnight kiss -- int . classroom - morning 2000 medium on — ms . dwyer stand near the front door of she classroom welcoming student . student good morning , Ms. dwyer . ms . dwyer welcome back . how be break ? student Fine , thanks . kid file in pull off winter jacket and take they seat off -screen . celeste walk by unnotice . another student , therese , stop to chat with ms. dwyer . therese Morning . sfx : the bell ring . ms. dwyer happy New Year . do you change you hair , therese ? therese my sister cut it . she 's a hairdresser . ms . dwyer do she work in town ? I have be want a cut like that . therese ( flatter ) really ? she life out of state . she be visit we for the holiday but I can let you know when she 's back . ms . dwyer would you mind ? therese sure , I can . ms . dwyer walk over to she desk and sort through a few papers . ms. dwyer ( enthusiastic ) welcome back , everyone . do you have a good break ? a few reply '' yes . '' ms. dwyer ( cont 'd ) I get some news yesterday about we computer appeal . evan what be it ? ms . dwyer regards she watch . ms . dwyer I want to wait and share once everyone be here . we be just wait on Adam and elyse . evan probably be awhile . ms . dwyer why ? evan murmur something to the kid next to he . ms. dwyer ( cont 'd ) Evan , whatever you be say to he , save it for after class . let 's please not start the year at odd . therese speak up . therese I see Adam 15 minute ago . ms . dwyer okay , then we will wait . student 2 be they give we desktop ? ms . dwyer I say we will wait -- the young man from the school dance open the door interrupt the flow of conversation . ms. dwyer turn to address he ... young man Excuse I . ms. dwyer yes ? he assert himself . young man my name be Cullen active . ms . dwyer what ? young man my name be Cullen active . ms . dwyer yes , Cullen , I know . the young man nimbly move a handgun from the inner part of he jacket and shoot ms . dwyer in the stomach in a single shot . the class shriek and rush in a panic towards the back of the class . one girl sit freeze in she seat . close on - a light smatter of blood adorn celeste 's face . her mouth slack agape . young man ( 0.s. ) celeste ? extended beat . young man ( cont ’d ) celeste , go stand with the other . celeste do not move a muscle . young man ( cont ’d ) please , celeste . she blink . celeste be she breathe - young man ( 0.s. ) ( deliberate ) no. ( more ) 10 . young man ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) celeste , I need you to step away from the window because in a few minute there will be a explosion . there 's a audible gasp from the other student . one girl beg off -camera . girl ( completely distress ) what be you do ?! ( beat ) why be you do this ? back to - cullen , the young man , step further inside revealing a machine gun . everyone scream . cullen struggle lift the heavy firearm but after a few moment manage to fire it off at the ceiling . debris fall into the room . celeste ( 0.s. ) stop ! back to close - up on celeste - celeste ( cont 'd ) please . please stop . I be stand , I 'il stand . celeste stand and camera boom up with she , accommodate she movement . focus be shallow as she decide to turn she back on cullen and approach the group . finally she reach the other and turn around . int . axis of school hallway - moment later kid flood the hallway in terror . adult hover over they try they best to coordinate a safe exit . ext . school - moment later several kid hang from the second story of the school lowering themselves to safety . ext . foothills - moment later super wide on - from a distance , among the foothills , the campus be after some time , a car explode in the parking lot . int . classroom - moment later close on - celeste 's expression fall between a state of shock grace ... ms. dwyer 's class be evermore hysterical . celeste Cullen . cullen sound as if he might be cry now . celeste ( cont 'd ) Cullen , please let we go . young man ( 0.s. ) I kill plenty of people . I can not now . celeste please . celeste blink a tear . celeste ( cont 'd ) please at least let everyone else out of here and I will stay here with you . young man ( 0.s. ) what be we go to do ? a moment pass before some word fall from celeste 's mouth ... celeste we will pray together . she turn to comfort the girl next to she . celeste ( cont 'd ) shh ... it 's go to be okay , -- 11 . peaceful . and 's 12 . a round of shot light up the screen and celeste be shot through the side of she neck . she drop out of frame with all of she weight in a loud thud . int . school cafeteria - moment later officer cautiously file in accord to a well - coordinate protocol . officer clear . int . school hallway - moment later steadicam on — a swat team who seem to have enter the building from another entrance make they way down the corridor . sfx : we hear each voice as if over a police radio . it 's disorient and do not always correspond with the image as there be additional officer come over the feed . they splinter off and check room after room for survivor . the sequence be relentless , unsettle , redundant . swat 1 clear . they push down further . swat 1 ( cont 'd ) clear . a new voice interject over the radio . off -camera officer request for immediate medical assistance . we have seven kid here , four in critical condition , not respond , three dead in the south - face corridor 's girl 's bathroom , ist floor . further , into the next room . swat 1 clear . further again , into the next room . 13 . swat 2 clear on the leave . swat 1 enter the next door . swat 1 Christ . I have three body , fatally - wounded , adult , 1 female , 2 male , room 111 . swat 2 we will come back . keep push . swat 3 shooter and hostage be last report in the wing overhead ... stair be come up on the right . we follow the team to the right and all the way up the stair . on the second floor now , the team check room 211 . swat 1 clear . they move on to room 212 and open the door . swat 3 ( voice crack in agony ) oh no . oh , no no no no . ms . dwyer 's class appear dead . they lie pile on top of each other in the back of the class . cullen be also dead where he previously stand . there 's blood absolutely everywhere . several student moan at the sound of the swat team . several member of the team rush to they aid . swat 3 ( cont 'd ) ( to the student ) we be go to get you out of here . we be here to help . swat 2 speak into he radio . swat 2 room 212 , second floor , east - face corridor , suspect be decease . several hostage be still alive , critically injure . 14 . ext . aerial view of the school - later sfx : berlioz 's choral piece '' La damnation de faust '' ring out ... the rich orchestral score swell over the view of the school from a helicopter . bold front credit in primary hue roll up over the image in a scroll . int . ambulance - later credit scroll continue over the follow ... super wide angle , handheld on - celeste be partially wrap in foil , upside down on the gurney . a oxygen mask cover she face . the scene be frantic . paramedics hover over she body . paramedic celeste , you be do so good . you just keep breathe , honey . you be gonna feel a pinch at the base of you spine . the piece of music Cullen hummed as he walk home alone before reprise over a new angle on celeste . ultra slow motion - she seem to hum along underneath the mask . int . rehabilitation CENTER - day a extended series of verite style close -up -— victim of the massacre exercise in pain , deliberate movement . a few week have pass . some victim seem more adapt to they new circumstance than other . angle on -— celeste 's neck be heavily bandage . she slowly limp across the space with she mother and physical therapist at she side . celeste 's mother look like she have not sleep in week . celeste suddenly stop . celeste 's 15 . celeste 's mother tell we if you be go to be sick again . celeste I be sorry ... celeste 's mother do not be sorry . physical therapist I have see much worse . what be you feel now ? celeste I feel like I be on a boat . physical therapist nausea will not subside ? celeste it 's not just that . I just feel like I be spin . you think it 's in my head ? physical therapist I do not think it 's in you head at all . I just do not think this have to do with the spinal injury . be you ear ringing ? celeste I need to sit . celeste 's mother I ' 1l get you chair . mother leave celeste who breathes hard . physical therapist take another step with I while we wait for you mom . celeste take another pain step . moment later she return with a wheelchair . celeste 's mother sit , my love . celeste sit sluggishly . 16 . celeste where 's dad and Eleanor ? celestex mother they go to get we some food . physical therapist some of the other kid have complain about ringing in they ear from the gun blast . I / x11 talk to you doctor . int . lab room - night celeste 's body glide into a cat scan . her skin appear translucent underneath the violet lamp . here , she look like a cyborg . int . hospital room - night celeste 's older sister , eleanor ( 16 ) , lie entangle in celeste 's embrace . she cry for a long time hold onto she sister tight . the image be a kind of modern chiaroscuro ; so dark that it resemble something like a Bill henson photograph . eleanor I be so sorry I be sick . I should have be there for you . I be so grateful you be alive . I think I would have die - or just kill myself . I do not think I could have stand it . I be here now and I be never go to leave you - ever . celeste cry now too , smile , and then break into a fit of laughter . celeste oh , God , ellie . I think I have do something terrible . eleanor 's face wrinkle in anguish . eleanor it 's not you fault . what more could you have do ? you be safe with I . 17 . int . hospital room - afternoon celeste lie in bed with a travel casio keyboard on she lap . she play with various setting and sound fx - future sound , rainforest reverb . new angle on - eleanor read a magazine at the end of the hospital bed . her father read a book in a chair . Magazine clipping be tape all around celeste 's bed . take - out container and fast food bag additionally litter the scene . a nurse enter ... nurse some news people be here and be request a interview . celestex father do not look at I . it 's up to she . celeste stop play she keyboard ... celeste I do not want anyone to see I like this . eleanor you look fine . celeste look at eleanor ... celeste can you talk to they ? eleanor I ? what be I suppose to say ? I be not there . celeste just tell they how sorry we be for everyone that die . eleanor look at they dad . celeste 's father ( shrug ) call mom . eleanor be you sure , celeste ? celeste nod ... 18 . nurse I can take you to a telephone . eleanor get off the bed and exit the room with the nurse . celeste look at she father . celeste I think I want to try and sleep for awhile . he immediately stand , take the hint . celeste 's father yeah , I be go to try and take you mom out and get she mind off thing ... you need anything more than the piano ? I get a guitar in the basement . I can teach you to play it . celeste thanks but it 's hard for I to tilt my head down . celeste 's father all right , I ‘'1l see you in the morning . I love you to the moon and back . celeste I know . I too . please do not be sad . celestex father I be not sad . I be relieved . int . hospital room - later that night eleanor lie with she head on celeste who play a melody on she keyboard . celeste seem to have something in mind but struggle to find the right note . they begin to hum ... slow frontal push in on celeste - the light from the hospital television set illuminate the darkness of she concerned expression . for a flash , she suddenly appear quite iconic . 19 . int . park - night one hundred person walk in silence carry candle beneath they chin . loudspeaker voice ( 0.s. ) two sophomore student , vanessa cooke and elyse hanlin , remain in eritical condition . hold they especially in you prayer and please join I in a moment of silence . angle on -— celeste 's mother and father who push celeste in a wheelchair . eleanor walk to the side . int . church - night three quarter profile on - father cliff preach in front of he congregation . he stop to cry occasionally without affectation . his tone be direct and sincere . he breathes evenly try to gather himself . father cliff you will have to excuse I . this be not only tear of profound sorrow but of profound joy , as well , because I see so many young face here before I whom we helplessly fear for many hour forever lose . the audience be audibly move by he frankness . father cliff ( cont 'd ) we be here to honor you heroism and mourn the loss of you love one and peer . first , I have a difficult request to put forth but as I see it , it 's the only way we might begin to move forward ... heaving sob ring out off-screen . 20 . father cliff ( cont 'd ) ferocious anger and hatred cause this and we can not have any more anger around we this minute so I must ask you to include the perpetrator of this vicious attack and he parent in we prayer tonight , as they too lose they child in January . angle on -— photographer stand at the side aisle . bulb flash again and again . father cliff ( cont 'd ) by this way of heal prayer , victim of the tragedy will be release from they own grief and rage in the afterlife , and they shall live forever in we heart . live lose too young here on earth but with whom we all anxiously wait to be reunite . they walk with God now ... a series of portrait - various parishioner weep ... the crowd largely don they school color and team jersey . angle on -— we finally reach eleanor and celeste who sit quietly like a couple of nun with they eye reverently close . father cliff ( cont 'd ) we will be invite ridgewood student to take my place - share they thought , memory , feeling with all of you . to begin , please join I in welcoming a very brave young woman to the piano . she have prepare a piece of music for we all tonight . celeste ? celeste use a set of crutch to get herself to a piano that 's be set up with a microphone . she slide onto the bench and clear she throat ... she really look very beautiful . a necklace cover she bandage neck . everyone clap for she in support . celeste ( into the mic ) uh , I try to prepare something to say but I could not really put my feeling into word exactly so I think I have try and do this instead . my sister , ellie , help I . she start meekly but after the first verse , she voice begin to rise up emotively . close on - celeste .... celeste ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) do not be afraid father , you raise we well . I hear you voice cry out with the day 's first bell . and the bell toll and the siren ring o-ut I can feel my chest tightening , squeezing on - to my he-art the music move through she . whatever of it 's clumsiness , the performance be undeniably move . celeste ( cont 'd ) ( shout , sing ) so , if fear be like fire then I be burn and if it 's fear you desire to locate in I , then I be turn right back around and running into the twent-i-eth century so now I be ask you , be I allow to ever sleep again ? be I allow to ever dream again ? how may I care - less -ly ever live care -free again ? slow push in on - a news crew adjust they lens for a close -up . narrator at the advice of she first ever producer , celeste would change the lyric from '' I '' to '' we , '' and shortly thereafter , the entire country fall into step with she sentiment . ( more ) 22 . narrator ( cont 'd ) it be not she grief anymore , it be they grief ; no longer merely she experience , they reclaim it as they own . we push towards they , they push towards we . narrator ( cont ’d ) the song would become a anthem for the nation . simply put , it be a hit . ext . new york CITY - day a series of bold , iconic shot of the CITY . the score swell and pulse . long lens on -— bright-ey celeste be walk again . she and eleanor traverse the avenue next to a unkempt rock and roll manager . focus favor celeste as they walk amongst pedestrian . she look like a star . int . recording studio - later verite handheld on - celeste stand in the mic room next to a session bassist . celeste ( sing ) do not be afraid father , you raise we well . I hear you voice cry out with the day 's first bell . and the bell toll and the siren ring o-ut I can feel my chest tightening , squeezing on - to my he -art celeste stop and swallow . celeste ( cont 'd ) sorry . I be get throw off from hearing my own voice . angle on -— music producer in the control room . 23 . music producer you want I to pull that out ? celeste if you can do that , thanks . music producer ( mutter ) no problem . back to - celeste & the session bassist session bassist you like when I come down to a G for the refrain ? celeste no , not that . I think that be D , sorry . session bassist that be the D , just next to it . celeste oh ! then yes , I like the G. angle on - a team of scandinavian producer , eleanor , several head of Department , and celeste 's new manager stand at the control board . the manager hit a button so she can hear he . the manager you wanna step out for a moment , get some fresh air ? int . recording studio hallway - moment later handheld on - the manager pace around celeste with ferocious , anxious energy . he stammer , stutter , hammer through the language ... the manager you okay in there , you in over you head ? 24 . celeste no , I be good . the manager remember what I tell you at you parent 's place , the first time i see you ? celeste blink , not sure where he 's go with this . the manager ( cont ’d ) you just gotta shut you eye and pretend like you be in you bedroom . you be just dance in you bedroom and no one be look at you . you do not have a care in the world celeste yeah . the manager ( smile ) you gotta tell I if i be not make sense , okay ? you get you head on so straight that half the time i forget you be a kid . it 's okay if you do not understand something and you need I to explain , okay ? celeste that 's okay . the manager you gotta tune all this people out and just sing from you gut cause i know you be try to help out in there but we only get 45 minute leave or this all get very expensive . do not worry yourself too much with the technical stuff anyway because I 'il tell you , that people in there be not come to listen to that fuckin’ bass player riff like he 's jaco pastorius . this be you show . remember that and run it , okay ? celeste blink . celeste okay . 25 . the manager you ready to head back in ? celeste yes , but can you do I a favor ? the manager anything . celeste can you watch you language around , Eleanor ? it really bother she when people swear . the manager yeah , i be sorry . i be not think . i do not mean to swear at you . forgive I . int . recording studio - moment later close on - celeste 's crown she face who stand at the mic . a pair of headphone head . music producer ( 0.s. ) I have just cut together something for the first and last verse and it actually seem like it 's work really well . we might be over - think it . in the bridge though , there 's a little crack or hiccup or something on the delivery of '' so now I be ask ... '' so maybe let 's just take it from there ? celeste have assume a new confidence . angle on -— celeste great . i’1l nail it and then can we get start on please remember ? music producer ( 0.s. ) sorry but which section be that ? celeste it 's the next track . the music producer behind the glass . 26 . music producer ah ! yes . let 's get a head start on tomorrow . int . conference room - afternoon the girl sit read a magazine next to the manager . new angle on - camera pan with a young woman , marketing pr , as she enter and sit at a dark conference table across celeste , eleanor , and the manager . marketing pr sorry , I be late . thanks for wait . the manager nod . marketing pr ( cont 'd ) ( to celeste and eleanor ) have you girl be enjoy you stay ? eleanor yes , the hotel 's very nice . celeste be focus , intuitively professional somehow . celeste yes , it 's great . so , what 's next ? the manager she beat I to the punch . marketing pr clear she throat . marketing pr well , a few thing . first , I have be meaning to ask you if you have any background in dance or if you injury prevent you from ... celeste I use to take ballet . beat . celeste ( cont 'd ) and no , I just have to be careful . 27 . marketing pr that 's great . internally , we have be discuss a few upcoming appearance we have like to pitch you for and we have love to set you up with a choreographer . celeste okay . what kind of appearance ? marketing pr in-store performance , thing like that . it 's a great way to introduce you live experience to the public and a great way for you to get you foot wet , in turn . beat . something heavy hang in the air . marketing pr ( cont 'd ) celeste , we really love what you do here - celeste thanks . marketing pr - but after everything you have be through , I just think it 's necessary to be straight with you and let you know that there 's no guarantee this new track will work - the manager hey , hey , hey , she 's 14 year old . you do not need to talk that way to the kid . talk to I that way , not she . marketing pr be very firm with the manager . marketing pr let I finish please . ( back to celeste ) before we go ahead make a lot of plan together , it would be unconscionable for I to not make a young person like yourself fully cognizant of the reality of the situation . you have give we a great demo to work with and we be go to pitch it hard but the rest be out of we hand . 28 . celeste it 's fine . if it work , great , if not , that 's okay too . marketing pr smile . she remove some mock - up from a file . marketing pr onto the fun stuff then , this be what we have in mind in term of artwork for the ep we will be send to the station . what do you think ? celeste yeah , it 's good , I like it . the manager be unimpress , a bit like a petulant kid . the manager less beige . marketing pr we can change the color . right now , try and focus more on the feel of the layout . celeste look at he . celeste I like it . eleanor I like it too . the manager great , they know what they like . marketing pr ( simple ) that 's great , we love it . the lyric inside of the font give it precedence - the sentient of a new voice be announce - but the most important thing to we be that you feel well - represent . celeste I feel well - represent . int . office hallway - moment later dolly on - 29 . we urgently follow the manager , celeste , and eleanor . the manager as you representative , i’d like to express how highly unusual and inappropriate that woman 's conduct be . i have no idea she be go to sit down and give you a list of reason she 's not to be hold accountable if she fail at she job . this sale people ; five minute into a meeting you know they could not sell a life - jacket to natalie wood . celeste she be just tell I not to get my hope up . the manager of course you should get you hope up . int . HOTEL gym - day four angle on - celeste walk on a treadmill . after some time , she begin to adjust the setting to something more challenging . she set she pace to a jog . her breathe rise in intensity . int . ballet studio - dusk quiet ... the light be beautiful in the studio . particle mist fall around . verite handheld on - celeste and a choreographer work on a series of move for she upcoming performance . choreographer keep you abdominal muscle as stiff as you can . she do as she 's ask , leap into he arm . she bite she lip . 30 . choreographer ( cont ’d ) okay , almost , and again . she repeat the step and leap into he arm . choreographer ( cont ’d ) better . try again . the choreographer put she down . she wince in pain . choreographer ( cont ’d ) be you all right ? we can take a break . celeste I be fine , but can we turn the music on ? choreographer yeah , let I put the disc on . the choreographer step over to a CD player as celeste walk around for a moment try to shake the pain off . choreographer ( cont ’d ) you ready ? celeste yes , I be ready the choreographer press play ... sfx : a new song of celeste 's blare loud in the studio space . already from the first few bar , it 's extremely effective , catchy . celeste and she choreographer begin again work on a series of step . she 's do quite well . choreographer good ! she look at he and take a few more impressive step . choreographer ( cont ’d ) that 's great . hold on .. he run over and stop the disc , restart . 31 . choreographer ( cont ’d ) ( shout over music ) let 's do it again but this time try and sing a little as we go and see how it feel . focus on you breathe , otherwise , you will not have enough air to get through the track . she retrace the same step and sing . celeste ( sing along with the recording of she own voice ) remember how thing use to be ?! how good it feel in the back of you car with you arm aro-und I ? remember when you use to you love I ? well , you can forget all that now because I be move to the big ci-ty . choreographer use you body to give you voice emphasis when it need it ! she take four step , turn . celeste ( sing ) remember ! when you use to have I ? well , hold on tight to that baby cause now it 's just a memory . int . HOTEL room - bathroom - night medium on - celeste and eleanor do they make up in the mirror . they look straight out of a William eggleston picture . celeste do you call mom ? eleanor yeah . I tell she you be busy . celeste how have she sound ? 32 . eleanor I do not know . kind of sad . she miss we . celeste we be go to be home so soon though . eleanor what if you get really big ? celeste first of all , I do not think that 's even happen and second , even if it do , it 's not like I would not come back home all the time . celeste turn to look at eleanor . celeste ( cont 'd ) be you sure I be gonna be able to get in anywhere ? celeste keep she face straight try to present she '' new look '' to eleanor . eleanor totally . you look like you be 22 . celeste no way . eleanor you do . eleanor do a playful voice . eleanor ( cont 'd ) '' Excuse I , sir , have you meet my baby sister ? she 's so sexy be not she ? '' celeste shut up . eleanor it 's true . sfx : a knock come at the front door . celeste exit . 33. int . HOTEL room - continuous celeste enter frame and crack open the door ... the manager i get a call from that - he whisper the next word . the manager ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) - bitch - he continue in a normal voice . the manager ( cont ’d ) - we meet with that you 'il want to know about . celeste be it bad ? the manager be you gonna let I in ? celeste ellie 's get dress . the manager stay in the doorframe . the manager they shop it around to radio- celeste and what ?! the manager ( calm , collect ) - and we do it . please remember be testing in the mid-ninety . celeste what about the other one ? the manager furrow he brow . the manager they do fine i think but we only need one to work . beat . the manager ( cont ’d ) you do not seem very excited . 34 . celeste I be , I be just overwhelm , I guess . the manager a & ris gonna send through a list of they act they think you can open for in the spring . celeste I can not believe this . oh my god . the manager listen , i be gonna send you home for a week or two and i want you to rest up cause guess what ? i be take you to stockholm after the break . celeste what ?! the manager they want enough track for a album and i want you work with this guy . the best . you have know he stuff if you know he write it . he 's write everything - hit - andi tell he to make space for you . he say okay if we come to he . celeste in Sweden ? the manager whatever you get that 's half - write , idea , whatever you get . let 's go lay it down . eleanor step out of the bathroom , have wash all she make - up off . eleanor see , I tell you you would get really big . eleanor smile a half moon . hard CUT to : 35 . super fast motion ( 8 fps ) digital video montage of celeste and eleanor 's trip to sweden set to the scandinavian child 's song , '' dyrene I afrika . '' - the girl systematically test perfume next to the manager at duty free in a airport . - various shot of rain on the european motorway . - Eleanor and celeste sleep inside the van . narrator follow a short visit home with they parent , celeste 's manager have the girl 's passport expedite and the three of they set flight for a unfamiliar , if not particularly exotic , foreign city where they would go on to have many uniquely first experience ... - the girl arrive at Tor Erik 's studio , the manager make introduction . - a series of various recording session ... - the manager sleep on a couch . - the sun rise and set and rise and set . narrator ( cont ’d ) producer , Tor Erik romstad , be initially skeptical but grow increasingly infatuated with the inseparable sister ; and though he consider himself a beat up old atheist that have be '' phone it in '' for some time in the pop music game '' , he find the girl 's kind - heart devotion to God , music , and most importantly , one another , to be altogether inspiring . over the course of seven week , he would turn out some of he career 's most addictive hook and melody . - the girl pray before bed in they hotel room . - the girl eat room service . - the girl enter a bar . 36 . narrator ( cont ’d ) so far oblivious to the impending deluge of notoriety this track would soon afford she , celeste primarily enjoy get all this one - on - one time with ellie . she never could have dream they would one day casually travel to Europe together , unsupervise and unattend . on weekend , Eleanor enjoy play the role of the big sister by take celeste around to the nearby bar and local dance club . before the massacre at ridgewood , Eleanor might never have dare to share this more disgraceful aspect of she recreational appetite with she young sibling , but consider all the suffer celeste have endure , she be surely old enough now to take part in the more pleasurable part of adulthood , also . - the girl dance at a club . - the girl ride on the back of two speed motorbike . they clutch on to the helmete young man who drive they . - City light streak the frame . - the girl fuck two slightly older boy side - by-side on a snow mound near a street lamp . - a new angle on celeste 's expression under the light narrator ( cont ’d ) celeste feel alive , creative , and autonomous - in command of she own destiny . int . bathroom - morning ( back to 65 mm ) celeste vomit in the toilet . sfx : a phone ring incessantly . eleanor he 's call again . baby , we be gonna miss we flight . 37 . celeste tell he I do not think I can get on it . eleanor yes , you can . I x11 take care of you . celeste roll she body off the toilet and collapse into she sister 's arm . celeste I feel so sick . eleanor you should not drink that much with you medication . you will be all right . sometimes you just gotta push it so far that it scare you straight . it will not happen again . int . taxi - later celeste and eleanor be a mess next to the manager scrunch in the back of a taxi . the manager i can not believe this shit . celeste I be sorry . I be really sorry . eleanor no , I be sorry . it 's my fault . the manager do not tell I you be sorry just do not . do. it . it 's the same shit with you kid over and over again . you parent trust I and i take that seriously . eleanor smile . the manager ( cont ’d ) be you smile ? do not smile at I . eleanor it 's just that you be funny . do not yell at I . 38 . the manager i'll stop yell when you wipe that condescending beam off you face . and guess what ? since you both have decide to completely fuck off and do whatever you please with zero consideration for what a terrible position you have put I in - morally , ethically , legally - from now on i veto you request and will swear and curse as much as i please cause i be not buy this innocent little girl shit you two be sell . celeste Fine , it 's a deal . just stop yell . he look at he watch . the manager you have roughly 13 hour to get you act together . celeste what happen in 13 hour ? the manager i call the room ten time this morning . you be go to la to make a video . celeste shoot up in she seat . celeste what ?! ext . lax airport - night wide on -— plane land like satellite fall from the star . light blink across the landing strip 's intersection . hold on this ... hold , hold . int . rock venue backstage - night sfx : hardcore punk music blare in the room downstairs . 39 . backstage area be pack with 20 or so people in a room fit for 5 . celeste , eleanor , and the manager be all among they . long lens on -— a lanky , british musician , older than celeste , excuse himself and walk over to talk to she . they shout to be hear over the volume . musician ( shout ) do you like the show ? celeste be catch off-guard . celeste oh , I be sorry but we actually just get off a plane and we miss it . I be with my manager she point . celeste ( cont 'd ) he 's over there . he want to come and say hi to someone . musician that 's a shame . I think it go well tonight . celeste what 's you band call ? musician we be call apex but my brother leave the band so now we be call Boy friend . celeste Boy friend ? really ? musician you do not like it ? celeste no , I do . musician we do not know if we like it . sound kind of quaint instead of subversive or something . we just pick it arbitrarily before come to a gig one night . 40 . there 's a awkward beat where young celeste do not know how to advance the conversation . musician ( cont ’d ) where be you come from ? celeste oh , my sister and I be visit from back east . we be only here a few day to make a video . musician be you in it ? celeste I guess but I do not really know yet . they have not tell I but it 's a video for a song I make . musician what kind of music do you make ?! celeste I be embarrassed to say . musician why ? celeste because I do not want you to make fun of I . musician I be not go to make fun of you ! celeste pop music . musician I love pop music . celeste no you do not ! musician of course I do . who do not love pop music ? int . HOTEL hallway - later musician lean heavy against celeste . she try to open the door with she key but it do not work . 41 . musician do you have any drug in the room ? celeste only pain killer . musician ( laugh ) okay . celeste I have to go downstairs and get a new card . I think I grab my sister 's key . int . HOTEL room - night handheld on - it 's very dark . the faintest moonlight and city light shine off celeste 's skin . nude , she perform the same choreography we see briefly earlier with she choreographer for the musician who cheer she on . the moment be warm and human . she look softer and more fragile here than previously . musician this be brilliant ! celeste shut up ! musician you leave out a drop and crawl . celeste ( extremely bashful ) I be not do that . beat . celeste ( cont 'd ) you do it . musician Fine , I will . get off my stage . musician hop off the bed , also nude , and playfully drop , crawl , and sloppily turn himself upside down . 42 . int . HOTEL room - later sfx : shostakovich mournfully underscore the scene . celeste lie next to musician . the necklace which cover the scar on she throat give she appearance a sci-fi quality : the woman who fell to Earth . musician be almost asleep in a dope haze . it give a casual air to the proceedings . celeste you make the same sort of music the boy who attack I use to listen to . musician do that remind you of he ? celeste it do just this moment . musician I hope that do not upset you too much . celeste it do not . I think that when you meet someone who be go to become important to you that it force we to look back at the past so we can get on with the future be all . musician open he eye , think . musician in we defense , maybe it be the thing that push that kid over the edge or maybe it be the only thing that could have save he and all that other poor kid . celeste 's expression darken . musician ( cont ’d ) anyhow , I be glad you think I ’11l be important to you . celeste I try not to think about it or talk about it . 43. musician why would you ? I mean , what be there to talk about ? celeste smile . celeste that 's what I love about pop music , I think . I do not want anyone to have to think too hard . I just want they to feel good .... put you hand between my leg . musician respond . he nod . celeste ( cont 'd ) Inside . celeste ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) since last January , I have the same dream every night . musician tell I . celeste in my dream , I be speed through a tunnel that will not end . musician you be in a car ? celeste no , it 's a motorbike - or maybe it 's not but I be wear a helmet or something because my view be through some sort of a mask - and every time I turn this wide bend in the road , I drive past a body but I do not stop for it . musician a dead body ? 44 , celeste not exactly but , lifeless - after some time I realize that they be this double of I , like clone , that I have try to send down the tunnel in my place but they have never make it to the end . they be not ever the same age and they be always laid out in a different configuration . musician that make sense . celeste do it ? he wake up a bit . musician sure - you almost die so now it 's easy to imagine yourself dead at any age . celeste but in the dream I know that I will never die . musician push into she deeper and make a crude joke . musician what 's at the end of the tunnel . she laugh . celeste I always wake up before I get there but I be so frighten because I be go somewhere where no one can find I and no one know my name . int . HOTEL hallway - early the next morning celeste exit a elevator and tiptoe down the hallway . as she come close to we , we see that tear stream down she face . she look pretty strung out . camera pan and follow she to the end of the hall . she reach she sister 's room and slip a key into the door . 45 . int . HOTEL room - continuous she open the door and freeze upon the sight of the manager , naked , sleep next to eleanor . celeste stand a long beat look at they then ... celeste guy , wake up . they do not respond . celeste ( cont 'd ) please , you gotta wake up . eleanor suddenly shoot up in bed . eleanor what be you do in here ? celeste I have you key . where 's the remote ? celeste search the room feverishly for a remote control . celeste ( cont 'd ) you gotta turn on the news . eleanor be completely out of it . she shout ... eleanor get out of here ! celeste where as. the. remote ? a plane just crash into a building in New York . ext . tunnel - day a motorcycle speed through a tunnel . after some time ... loudpseaker voice now , slow to 40 - new angle — a camera crew in a follow car try to keep a steady pace behind the motorcycle . 46 . celeste clutches a man on a motorcycle and she wear a very distinctive mask . close on - celeste 's face . she lip sync through the open hole for the mouth . celeste ( sing ) take I by the hand to where no one know my name . make I feel different tonight or make I feel the same ( as I use to ... ) but when I be out on stage , it 's all for you when I can not make the grade I know who 's out there to pull I through ( through ) I be sick and I be tired of this party ( party ) all I can think be you and you body ( body ) int . tunnel - later for a new set - up , celeste now have she face reveal to camera while a group of back - up dancer now wear different variation of the mask from the previous shot lunge towards the center of the lens . celeste ( lip sync to playback ) ( I keep sing ) one for the money ! two for the show ! on three we get ready and - on four we go ! ( I keep hearing ) one for the money ! two for the show ! on three we get ready and - on four we go ! new angle on - in profile , we track left with the camera crew and dance troupe as they perform , lung over and over again at the camera and track set up in front of they . they each take turn vie for the front position . 47 . from this angle each gesture seem lightly absurd . fade to black : insert title : act I ext . brac beach resort - day ultra wide panorama on — due to the uniform aesthetic of the stripe umbrella it resemble the 1950 's but the beachwear suggest that actually some year have pass . after some time , a row of man dress in mask enter the frame and begin shoot at civilian . it take a moment for the crowd to react and understand . people begin run for they life . most run directly into the sea . dozen be shot in the back and fall into the water . the scene be horrific , brutal . int . atlantic CITY HOTEL - morning steadicam on — the manager , older now , even more dishevel , walk briskly down the hall of a upscale hotel . a stylist and a few PA 's exit a room and nod at he as they pass . he turn to look at they keep up he pace . the manager where be you go ? stylist for a cigarette . she 's with make - up . the manager be she dress ? 48 . stylist Hair want she before we start . the manager round table be at 1 . stylist that 's not on I . we start 40 minute late . the manager bite he lip . the manager how do she look ? stylist tire . int . HOTEL room - moment later a make -up artist work on celeste who look a bit worse for wear . it 's clear from she mature feature that at least 15 year have pass . she 's dress in nude spanks with she hair plaster down for a wig . profile on - celeste regards herself in the mirror . celeste what do you think ? make -up artist you look beautiful . I think it 's enough of a statement with the brow . I do not want to keep fussing with it too much . celeste ( despondent ) okay . celeste light up a cigarette . a knock come at the door . celeste ( cont 'd ) come in . new angle on - the manager enter ... 49 , the manager how ' 's it go in here ? make -up artist 20 minute away . the manager great . ( beat ) celeste , i need to speak with you before we start today . celeste what be it ? the manager it 's better in private . celeste Toni do not care . what be it ? the manager gather himself and speak . the manager there 's a- shoot , they think it 's terrorism , in a beach town call brac in croatia . celeste turn around in she chair . celeste we know someone who get hurt ? the manager no , of course not . do not worry . i guess there 's not really a lot of information yet but so far twenty people be dead and - celeste hey , we finally get we act together ; can not cancel a show every time something terrible happen somewhere . the manager open he mouth to interrupt but fail to get a word in . celeste ( cont 'd ) no , listen , whatever it be , no one be go to think we be insensitive for play a gig halfway around the world . 50 . the manager it 's not that . celeste who do it ? the manager far as i know , nobody 's claim responsibility yet but let I finish . celeste brace herself . celeste okay . the manager the attacker be all wear mask from we one for the money video . celeste furrow she brow . celeste what ? the manager this guy all come out in mask and start shoot people at a beach resort . celeste how similar ? the manager what ? celeste the mask . the manager i do not know , the same one , i guess . the manager run he hand through he hair and shake it out . celeste okay . ( beat ) why ? he shrug . 51 . the manager that 's as much as I know . you be go to get a lot of question about it today and i want you to be prepare . celeste fuck I . I can not believe this be happen today . beat . celeste think . celeste ( cont 'd ) can we call off the press ? the manager we can - but probably not without call off tonight , as well . celeste what a mess . the manager josie think it look bad to avoid it anyway . people be go to be on you side . we just need to face it head - on and be , ya know , astute in we response . we be make arrangement now to hold a press conference downstairs at 4 . celeste a press conference !? be you kid I ? the manager it will be 5 minute . i call josie and tell she i need she here with we to prepare a statement . now . int . stairwell / casino / HOTEL lobby - later steadicam on — celeste and she entourage walk briskly down a flight of stair and then through a casino . celeste have anyone hear about albertine ? my phone 's dead . 52 . the manager albertine be in the restaurant have lunch . i'm walk you to see they right now . celeste be she mad at I ? the manager why would she be mad at you ? she 's excited to be here . josie , the publicist I push roundtable until after press assembly so that hopefully allow we time for a few more detail to pour in . the manager do I dare to ask if you have hear anything else yet ? josie , the publicist not really . the gist I have so far be that it might all be a coincidence - celeste a coincidence , how ? josie , the publicist ( exhales ) I do not know , they stop at a costume shop and pick up the first disguise , or whatever you want to call it , that they see ; but now the article srk send over speculate that it 's more likely that the group - the manager the gunman . josie nod . josie , the publicist - be exploit you image and body of work as a symbol of moral corruption in the west or something lunatic . 53 . the manager give she history , i think we really gotta try and view this as a opportunity to address a few important issue to celeste . josie , the publicist in all likelihood , '' she history '' be half the reason they decide to target she . then to celeste ... josie , the publicist ( cont ’d ) you need to make it clear from the outset that you be not cancel the show tonight or any upcoming date because there 's not enough information yet to justify cancel . celeste be totally strung out , distract by all the commotion from the casino game and slot machine . celeste which important issue to I ? what do you mean ? the manager gun violence celeste in brac ? come on , let 's not try and see this as a '' opportunity , '' man . the manager do not be nasty and sarcastic . i be not try to gloss over what 's happen , celeste . we be here to protect you from get hurt by this in any way . josie , the publicist keep it focus on you outpour of love and mourn for the victim , and victim of violence all over the world . celeste can I tell this guy to go fuck themselves ? 54 . josie , the publicist nobody have blame you but do not say anything rash . I do not want to leave anyone in that room a way to misconstrue what you be really try to say . they turn a corner . josie , the publicist ( cont ’d ) it 's terrible that you have get drag into this . everyone out there will feel for you . just speak from the heart . celeste I feel like I be gonna throw up . josie , the publicist you want we to get you something ? celeste no , it 's just my med . josie , the publicist I be gonna greet everyone and get we set up in the banquet hall . i’1l meet you back here in a hour . the manager 's phone ring . they continue walk to the end of the hall and make a leave into the lobby . the manager hello . ( beat ) i know , i do not forget but tell he I have to call they back in the morning , my time . she furiously search for any sign of albertine . celeste be they in the restaurant ? the manager i do not know , let I call they . eleanor just say they be '' downstairs . '' celeste spot they off-screen . celeste why do not you guy come up to the green room ? 55 . camera whip to reveal eleanor , a woman now , and albertine , celeste 's 13 year - old daughter ... celeste ( cont 'd ) baby , you look so tired . do you want to come up to my room and take a nap ? celeste reach out to she daughter in a warm embrace . albertine no , I be really hungry . closer now , albertine look strikingly like celeste when she be young . eleanor interject ... eleanor she would not eat anything I order for she down here . celeste ( to albertine ) I do not blame you . I have some room service upstairs earlier . it 's awful . albertine it 's not that . there be a lot of turbulence . it make I feel sick . celeste do you have fun with aunt ellie ? eleanor speak to the manager . it 's awkward . eleanor I show she around we hometown . the manager ( to albertine ) hey , nice see you , lady . celeste do you have a good time with grandma and grandpa ? albertine yeah . eleanor how would it go ? 56 . celeste what ? eleanor the conference . celeste seem like she 's almost already forget . celeste have not do it yet . today 's a sick kind of joke . eleanor ( protective of albertine ) I know but let 's not talk about it now . albertine what 's wrong ? eleanor none of you business . grown up problem . do not worry about it . celeste do you want to have lunch with I , honey ? celeste look at eleanor and the manager . celeste ( cont 'd ) can I take albertine for a quick solo girl 's lunch ? eleanor seem like the decision - maker . eleanor ( to albertine ) of course , but I need you back by 4 so we can get dress for mom 's show . ( to celeste ) we buy outfit for tonight . he say to eleanor ... the manager she will have she back by 3.30 . then to celeste ... 57 . the manager ( cont ’d ) celeste , can you stick around the hotel please ? i have to go upstairs and meet josie . celeste I need to get out of this place for a bit , clear my head . the manager look like he 's about to explode . the manager fine . let I call the hotel 's head of security and see if they can pick you up . celeste we do not need a babysitter . I be gonna walk alby across the street for some food . relax . the manager across the street ? please be back before 3:30 . celeste throw a friendly arm around albertine and start walk she away from eleanor and the manager . note : the follow be in one uninterrupted sequence shot until otherwise note . celeste ( to eleanor ) go take a nap . I / x11 bring she back to the room when we be do . celeste and albertine walk side - by-side through the lobby . from this angle , they look they could be friend , the same age . celeste ( cont 'd ) what do you want to eat ? albertine I do not know . celeste ( messily ) what do you mean ? of course you know . I hate talk to kid you age now and they always say they '' do not know '' about everything . be you feel depressed or what ? 58 . albertine no . some hotel guest seem to recognize celeste as she walk by . celeste I be only teasing . do not listen to I . try to get you to relax around I . albertine I be relaxed . I be just uncomfortable because so many people be look at we . celeste have not notice . celeste that 's why I want we to get out of here . there 's gonna be camera outside cause everyone know we be here . you wanna go around the back . albertine no , I ‘’1l just walk ahead of you . albertine speed up she pace and put she head down as she step through the Hotel 's Front entrance . celeste step outside ... ext . HOTEL / atlantic CITY strip - continuous a team of photographer stand behind a barrier . celeste walk by as quickly as she can . photographer celeste ! can you take a minute to talk with we ? celeste ! celeste wave as she walk by and continue . we follow she around the bend and she turn around to speak to someone off -screen . celeste hey man ! please do not follow I . I be go to have lunch . i’1l be back here in 45 minute and you can take as many picture as you want . can you leave I alone ? 59 . suddenly a outburst ... celeste ( cont 'd ) I be serious , man , get away from I . beat . she look back again . celeste ( cont 'd ) thank you . jeez . the camera pan up to the stretch of Atlantic City skyline as as we follow celeste for the length of the block until she finally catch up with albertine . celeste ( cont 'd ) hey , slow down . albertine I hate that people . celeste everybody hate that people . do not think about it . you should have let ‘em take you picture back there cause you look so beautiful today . albertine no , I do not . I just get off a plane . I do not have any make - up on . celeste can I give ya some of mine ? I look like a pterodactyl when I wake up this morning . albertine sort of laugh at the joke . celeste ( cont 'd ) that 's the thanks you get for give the gift of life . no good deed , unpunish . Little baby suck the life blood right out of ya . albertine shut up , you look great , mom . celeste thank christ for that . I be better off than some of this other girl I meet . albertine like who ? albertine 60 . celeste I be not tell ! albertine why , what 's wrong with they ? celeste nothing really , I just mean when I flip through magazine I see all this girl I know and half the time , I have see they naked in a dress room or whatever so I know where they have a ugly birthmark or they get a tail cut off . shoot she a look . albertine who have a tail ? celeste do not look so excited cause I be not tell you . I mean , come on , I would not want anyone spread that kind of personal stuff about I around . they arrive at the restaurant and enter but camera stay position outside and view much of the rest of the scene through a window ... int . / ext . diner - afternoon celeste and albertine sit down at a empty cafe table opposite one another . heavy traffic reflect off the glass in front of we throughout the shot . celeste it 's nice to sit with someone who do not have they face bury in they phone . albertine ellie take my phone away . celeste well , she be probably right to take you phone away . that 's cool , you should listen to she . 61 . albertine if she 's so cool then why do you hate have she around ? celeste I do not hate have she around . I just want some alone time with you . albertine you act like you hate she . celeste do not say ugly thing like that . that 's not true . albertine I be not say that you actually hate she , I be just say you act like it . celeste well , sometimes I have get a short fuse , you know , cause I do not sleep a lot and I have get a lot of stuff on my plate . there 's no money in music anymore . it 's all brand content and virtual reality . I do voice for a video game character now for Christ 's sake , and I make more money in a afternoon than all year on tour . albertine then why do you leave we and go on tour for so long ? celeste blow a gasket but try to keep a lid on it . celeste it 's a lot more complicated than that . if I do not keep up with the time , the time leave without I , you know , and I get a lot of people to pay . more people than you can imagine . it 's a full - time job . it 's like I be connect to the whole world all the time . I can hear everyone in my head . albertine I think we be talk about aunt ellie . 62 . celeste what do you want to talk about ? be she okay ? albertine she 's upset you do not ever try and see she . celeste she tell you this ? that really piss I off that she 's bring we problem into my relationship with you cause that have nothing to do with you . you get that ? nothing . albertine what problem do you have with she ? you have everything she ever want . celeste throw she hand up . celeste that 's ridiculous . albertine I be serious . when we visit grandpa he even show we this video of she sing when you guy be little and he keep call she celeste . he be joke about it but I could tell it just make she feel bad . celeste 's energy turn increasingly manic . celeste hey , what can I say , you aunt have too many scruples and sometimes life just be not that fair . especially not nowadays . celeste try to come at she point from a different angle . celeste ( cont 'd ) people now will try and sell yaa tv monitor that plain as day look like shit , but they call it '' ultra , '' '' mega , '' '' triple hi-def , '' whatever , and they business model rely on they customer 's unshakable stupidity . ( more ) 63. celeste ( cont 'd ) deep down maybe we probably all sense this - they intimate knowledge of we commitment to the lowest common denominator - but we go along with it anyway . celeste laugh . albertine okay - celeste I mean , I be pretty sure that every year my video look worse and worse but they be do better and better . for example , they show I this perfume thing we shot last year where I be unfurl from a digital rise petal like thumbelina and I think it would ruin I ! but here I be open for 70000 . albertine Mom , what be you even talk about - celeste lay down the law . celeste I be let you in on a secret cause I love you , that 's what . it do not matter anymore if you be Michelangelo or Michael & angelo from ridgewood , you just need a angle . and aunt ellie never find a angle . she have she head in the cloud and then she decide to be jealous of my good fortune . she make she own choice and let I tell you , she could never do what I do , day in and day out . luckily , she get to go home to you every night and she do not have any real life responsibility because I finance she entire life . albertine be quiet . celeste do not tell I to be quiet . albertine roll she eye . 64 . albertine no , shh , I do not mean it like that ... be not that you song ? they stop and listen . celeste I be sorry . let I go ask they to turn it off . celeste stand and walk over to the bar . camera pan with she ... celeste ( cont 'd ) hey , can you turn that off please ? we be about to order some lunch and I be try to talk with my kid but all I can hear be my voice inside of my head . bartender yeah , sorry , my manager tell I to put it on . celeste it 's fine , listen , can you send I over a drink and maybe a soda for she ? bartender what would you like ? celeste I do not know , a glass of white wine or something , whatever you have that be not gross . and can you put it in a plastic cup or something ? bartender sure . note : end of sequence shot . new angle on - camera inside the restaurant ; celeste walk into close - up and sit down . celeste hey , I be sorry to rag so much on ellie . I know she 's do she best . I be have a shit day and I be take it out on she . beat . 65 . albertine better she than I . celeste I never take it out on you . albertine okay . celeste I do not , do I ? celeste ( cont 'd ) well , if I do , I do not mean to . celeste suddenly have tear in she eye . celeste ( cont 'd ) sometimes when you think it can not get any worse , you get diagnose with some freakin’ disease , you know what I mean ? albertine shift in she chair . albertine be you sick , mom ? celeste wipe she face . celeste no , I do not mean literally , I just mean sometimes you get kick when you be down . celeste can not stop cry . celeste ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I should not do this in front of you . albertine it 's fine . celeste ( force a smile ) no , it 's not . I would slap I in the face if I be sit across from I right now . albertine really , it 's fine . 66 . celeste exhales and dramatically deliver . celeste Dan leave I . albertine I know . I read about it . celeste furrow she brow . celeste you read about it ?! aunt ellie 's not suppose to let you read all that gossip shit . albertine she can not control everything I do like a watchdog . celeste yeah , but I just want to be the one to tell you . I feel like big moment keep get steal away from I . albertine Mom . it 's fine . I do not care . I do not care about that guy . celeste look shocked . celeste I think you love Dan . albertine he be fine . I be just nice to he because he be nice to you . a server enter with celeste and albertine 's drink . server here you be . have you decide on something to eat ? celeste try not to look up and let he see she 's cry . celeste I think we need another second with the menu . thanks . albertine I just want the pasta with marinara . server you want I to put that in now or want I to wait ? celeste it 's fine , I do not need anything . just bring she some pasta . the server walk away . albertine why do he leave you ? celeste who say he leave I ? albertine you do . celeste well , he do not . we leave each other because if you love something you give it away . albertine be he see someone else ? celeste be that what you read ? albertine yeah , it say he start dating some rich girl . celeste I do not know . if he be , he do not tell I about it . I be sure it 's just a fling . I have have fling too that I do not want anyone to define my character by . the restaurant manager suddenly interrupt the flow of conversation . celeste keep she face down . restaurant manager drink okay ? celeste yes , thank you . 68. restaurant manager I be the manager here so let I know personally if you need anything . celeste will do , thanks . beat . he do not go away . restaurant manager you mind if I get a quick picture with you ? celeste I be sorry but now 's not a great time . restaurant manager it 's not for public use or anything . just for I . it will only take a minute . celeste finally look up at he defiantly revealing the smear make - up from she tear . celeste be this really what you want a picture with ? I be try to talk with my daughter . restaurant manager I be sorry but you really do not have to use that tone with I . I think I ask you very nicely . albertine let 's just go . without warning , celeste suddenly slam she hand on the table . restaurant manager alright , m’am . I be try to be friendly with you but now I be go to have to ask you to leave the restaurant . celeste be you fuck serious , man ? restaurant manager please do not use that language with I . 69 . celeste stand and get in he face . celeste how dare you , motherfucker . the restaurant manager call over to the server . restaurant manager ally , can you call the cop please . celeste who the fuck do you think you be . restaurant manager I be about to ask you the same thing . I can smell that you have alcohol on you breath , miss , so I will not take this personally . celeste be you try to embarrass I in front of my daughter . restaurant manager I do not even know you have a daughter . I just come over to be friendly and then you start shouting at I and now I be tell you to leave my restaurant or I be call the cop . albertine please , let 's go ! celeste consider she option and then turn exit the restaurant with albertine . celeste ( on the way out ) you should be ashamed of yourself , prick . the door shut . restaurant manager no , you should be ashamed , miss . the restaurant manager turn to he staff member . restaurant manager ( cont ’d ) can you believe that crazy bitch ? Mike , do you get that on camera ? 70 . ext . atlantic CITY strip - moment later sfx : Richard wagner 's rienzi cverture underscore the scene . it violently fight the wind , conversation , and traffic outside . steadicam on — we follow celeste who have she arm wrap albertine 's shoulder . celeste let 's make a right here and go around the back so we do not have to deal with all that shithead out front . they turn right and walk ... beat . celeste ( cont 'd ) I be really sorry I lose my cool with that guy . albertine he be ask for it but I do not want to talk about it . celeste you seem shook up . that kind of thing do not happen all the time , you know , but sometimes it do and I gotta protect myself . albertine I say I do not want to talk about it . celeste but baby , we gotta talk about it , otherwise , it 's just gonna hang in the air . why do not you want to talk to I ? albertine sulk . celeste ( cont 'd ) you get tear in you eye . come on , what be it ? albertine 's voice crack with heartbreak but they never stop walk . albertine 71 . albertine ( shattered ) I be worried about you ! celeste worried about I ?! come on , you do not need to worry about I . I be solid . I worry about you . that 's my job , to worry about you . shake she head . albertine you be skinnier than I be . celeste that 's cause I be in great shape from go out and dance my ass off every night . celeste squeeze she close . albertine wipe some tear off she face . celeste ( cont 'd ) come on , baby . you be break my heart . listen up , what that guy say about I have alcohol on my breath ; that be a terrible thing to imply in front of you and instead of just ignore the elephant in the room , we need to talk about it , head - on . celeste find the word ... celeste ( cont 'd ) I order a glass of wine from they in a plastic cup cause I need to let go of some tension I be have about tonight and I do not want you to think there be anything to worry about . I swear on you life I be not drink before that today . you do not need to worry about stuff like that , okay ? the girl continue they walk and talk down the boulevard as diegetic sound fade out and the narrator take over . 72 . narrator ( 0.s. ) in 2011 , celeste have drunk herself blind , or more precisely , blind in one eye , but have wait to tell a physician about the trouble she have be have , too embarrassed to explain that while touring the less inhabit , and therefore less inhibit , part of the southern United States , she have manage to damage the optic nerve in she leave eye by ingest various form of methanol during a stint of binge drink household clean product across three state line . shortly thereafter , when back at home , she find herself at the center of a very public dispute over a traffic collision and one pedestrian 's crush leave leg and pelvis . the girl continue to walk and comfort each other . narrator ( cont ’d ) the victim of this short - live episode in she life see a opportunity and seize it . that golden ticket come in the form of a nearly seventeen million dollar settlement which be to remain for all intent and purpose , under the table . all just another flame in the crowd of what celeste perceive a decade - long witch hunt . whatever it be , celeste need something big to pull she out of this mess , a show that could put ellie , albertine , and herself back on track . albertine look like she 's start to let celeste cheer she up . diegtic sound resume for a moment ... celeste what be it ? you get something else on you mind ? albertine it 's nothing . 73. celeste stop it . what be it ? diegtic sound fade out and the narrator resume ... narrator albertine have lose she virginity the weekend prior to leave for this first unveil of celeste 's 6th studio recording , vox lux , in Atlantic City , and yearn to share the galvanize detail with she mother . she have make herself sick with anticipation every day since and look forward to the initial shock or sense of failure it might inspire in celeste whom , albeit , no stranger to crime of passion in she youth , have always speak severely of young man ; even warning of they more than mixing upper with downer , for example . the girl turn a corner into the backlot of the hotel where security stand already anticipate celeste 's re-entrance . narrator ( cont ’d ) if all go accord to plan , the news might just strike up a long - misplace maternal instinct and celeste would be force to act as she confidant . int . HOTEL hallway - later eleanor answer the door to celeste . eleanor that be a fast - eleanor see that albertine be not with celeste . eleanor ( cont 'd ) where 's albertine ? celeste push past eleanor into the room . int . eleanor 's HOTEL room - later celeste pace circle around eleanor . she occasionally slur and stutter through she rant . 74 . celeste I have she upstairs in my room take a pregnancy test cause apparently you be so fuck incompetent that you let my daughter get fuck by some hick from town . eleanor she 's pregnant ? celeste throw she hand up . celeste unless she 's as unlucky as I then probably not but I want she to feel the unease of wait for the result to come in because a parent , or legal guardian , discipline the kid , do not just hang out with they . eleanor I be sorry . I have no idea . celeste you fuck up . celeste hold up two finger . celeste ( cont 'd ) twice . eleanor I know you be mad but - celeste how could I be so stupid ?! if you do so badly with I how could I ever expect you to do right by she . eleanor stammer ... eleanor I know she be see a guy but it do not seem physical , I swear . celeste be you a retard ? eleanor no. celeste ( slowly ) ya know , ellie , sometimes you jaw slack in this certain way like you life be just happen to you and you just look like a retard . eleanor blink , not sure how to respond . tear stream down she face . eleanor do not say that about I . celeste only crazy people get aggravate when you call they crazy so you must really be retarded . eleanor after everything I have do for you , how can you hate I so much ? celeste be that the kind of garbage you have be fill she head with ? she tell I all the shit you have be put on she shoulder . celeste use two finger to press the middle of eleanor 's skull . celeste ( cont 'd ) you have that hapless look like dad . eleanor sit down in a chair and sob . hold on this ... celeste ( cont 'd ) I have a press conference then two hour of round table but I swear to God , ellie , if my daughter come back to I with that cross -ey guido 's kitten litter or hepatitis Z , I will throw you off that balcony . eleanor wipe the tear from she face . eleanor if you threaten I ever again , I will tell everyone I write you song . celeste chew she jaw . 76 . celeste today I have say that 's a stock you do not want to buy into . int . HOTEL room / make - up - later a team of make - and hairstylist reset celeste 's face . the stylist walk over with a new blouse for she to change into ... stylist here you go , dear . that 's better . the manager hover around she , check she out . the manager you look amazing . keep it simple . you be gonna do great . he squeeze she shoulder . int . PRESS room - continuous close on - celeste be on -stage in front of a pack press room . flashbulb be blind . celeste first I have like to say that I have .. a outpour of love for victim of this tragedy and victim of violence all over the world and I be deeply sadden to be associate with such a obscene and unnecessary tragedy ... it 's a weird time we live in , and I guess , no matter how much we try and ignore this thing that be really happen around we , they always find a way to creep in . PRESS 1 ( 0.s. ) Jennifer durst , wynn NY , why do you think they target you ? do you assume there 's a connection to ridgewood ? 77 . celeste no idea . I pretty much know as much as you so far , and since nobody 's come out and say '' we do this '' yet , I would really prefer not to speculate too much - but if they do pick that '' disguise '' on purpose I guess it 's cause they do not like that I be a woman or that I ’ma successful woman . maybe they do not like that I have a kid when I be a kid . maybe they think I be a floozy . but I guess some of you think that too . celeste shrug and smile . celeste ( cont 'd ) the way I have choose to live my life go against some people 's view about thing . PRESS 1 ( 0.s. ) be there any link between you and central Europe ? celeste I mean , not really . not that I know of . I have never play there so I really do not know . moderator chime in . moderator ( 0.s. ) next question ... there , at the back . PRESS 1 sorry , I just have one more . be you and the band still go forward with the show tonight ? celeste there 's really not enough information yet for we to justify cancel and my dad always say , '' never postpone joy , '' so yeah , I will play if they let I . celeste smile and shrug . 78 . PRESS 2 ( 0.s. ) afternoon , meredith desh , Atlantic City , Greater northeast , do you have anything you wish to communicate to the perpetrator of today 's attack ? there 's a long beat ... hold on celeste . bulb flash over and over again . celeste ( especially nonchalant ) yeah , I have like to tell they that when I be a little girl I use to believe in God too ... the statement hang in the air . celeste ( cont 'd ) - and if they ever come to they sense and they would like something new to believe in , they can start believe in I cause I be the new faith and I be not afraid of they . Hell , I have even like to extend a invite to my show tonight . i’1l be sure to put '' coward in mask '' on the guest list . PRESS 2 I be sorry but can you clarify what you mean exactly ? angle on - josie and the manager bury they face in they hand as arm shoot up for further question . back to - celeste . celeste I do not know . I be just make a quip . int . elevator / HOTEL hallway - moment later celeste and she team be pack into a elevator . 79 . the manager be you out of you fuck mind ? celeste I do not want to talk about it . the manager we coach you on what to say and you say ... the opposite . why the fuck would you start spew all that weird shit out of you mouth ? celeste you give it a try sometime . I be nervous . the manager i be pretty certain if i follow , and correct I if i be wrong , you compare yourself to some sort of a demigod and invite a group of terrorist to you fuck concert tonight . celeste do not give they so much credit , anyway , it be a joke . the manager not exactly how I think we sponsor be go to see it . do you actually believe that weird shit you say up there ? celeste they want a show , I give ' ema show . they arrive at they floor and step out . josie , the publicist alright , this place be swarm with press . can I kindly ask you both to keep you mouth shut until we be finish ? celeste wink at josie . celeste Fine by I . josie say to the manager . 80. josie , the publicist let I handle it . go smoke a cigarette or something . int . HOTEL room / round table - later josie enter with celeste and tell the group ... celeste ( tongue in cheek ) hello everybody . celeste seem even more strung out than before . she sit down in front of four journalist and various recording device set up in front of she chair . josie , the publicist you have ten minute , and as we currently have no more information regard what 's happen across the Atlantic right now , I have kindly like to ask everyone to keep the question to tonight 's performance and the new album now as much as possible . josie turn and exit . one journalist lead the charge . journalist well , on that note then , can you tell we what audience can expect from the new album ? celeste sci-fi anthem . the concept with this one be to create a experience as relentless and addictive as possible . a second journalist join in ... journalist 2 I know we have just be ask to not talk about today 's attack but I guess I can not help but let it contextualize my next question . celeste okay ... 81. celeste bite she lip . journalist 2 it just get I think , do you feel that there 's be a shift in the culture where nihilist radical group like this be increasingly keen on be perceive as superstar themselves ? celeste be suddenly lucid and precise in she language . the group celeste I mean , who care ? I be hesitant to even give a statement today because all this ultra-violent thug want be to make headline . if everyone pay they no attention , they would cease to exist - and so would people like I . that 's the only link I see between they and superstar . look a little baffle by she digression . celeste ( cont 'd ) - but I could not just ignore the casualty , ya know . make I sick . journalist 2 write down she statement . journalist 2 thanks for you answer , appreciate you candidness . journalist from the public 's perspective , this have be a - the journalist choose he word . journalist ( cont ’d ) -emotional few year for you , bizarre event today very much include . can you shed light on the significance of this upcoming arena performance for you personally ? celeste this be the culmination of my life 's work so far . you know , we work on it for two year before bring it to the public . 82 . journalist why two year ? celeste Year before that I be under a lot of stress after my accident - celeste smile a bashful grin . celeste ( cont 'd ) - and it 's a expensive event to put on , and we also wait on all the best people to become available to help we make it happen . I want all my best dancer back . journalist so , you consider this event a resurgence since the accident and arrest for '' cause serious injury by dangerous drive ? '' celeste blink . celeste injury , not serious injury . I never stop make music so I do not consider it a '' resurgence . '' I just want to channel all that anxiety and suffer into something tangible , something positive . journalist can you shed any light on why the case be abruptly drop - long beat . celeste I see what you be do . journalist you bring it up . celeste do not try and have I say '' abruptly '' anything . celeste laugh and light a cigarette . celeste ( cont 'd ) there be three classification of gunshot wound to the spine . ( more ) 83. celeste ( cont 'd ) I be type three which be when the bullet be actually inside the intervertebral disc space . now , type three injury be subdivide into ( a ) spinal lesion not associate with perforation of abdominal viscera or ( B ) injury with perforation of abdominal organ . thankfully , I be type A. , but it 's no secret to anybody that I take med for my injury and that I never shoulda be behind the wheel of a car that night . celeste exhales and call out for josie . celeste ( cont 'd ) josie ! journalist I do not mean to upset you . celeste people use to talk about I like I be a hero and then all the sudden , I be lower than trailer trash . that 's what this show 's about ; a rebirth . josie , the publicist enter the room to stop the interview . josie , the publicist time 's up . journalist have you be at all in contact with the victim , Mr. Joel hedlund ? celeste furrow she brow , suspicious . josie , the publicist okay , that 's enough . celeste I say I can not talk about it . journalist I think we be talk about it just now . josie grab celeste . 84 . josie , the publicist do it not seem like a insensitive time to be bring this up ? I have have it . you and I be through , Tommy . I be sick of this kinda shit from you . journalist I be do my job , josie . celeste this guy 's try to kick I while I be down . josie , the publicist celeste , stop , this be over . journalist that 's not what I be try to do . I be sorry you have misunderstand . celeste why do not you go and write about what happen to that innocent people today instead of try to tear I down . int . HOTEL hallway - continuous steaicam on - we follow josie and celeste as they walk briskly down the hall towards the stairwell . they pass several journalist sit in fold chair who be patiently wait they turn for 10 minute with celeste . josie , the publicist I be stand everything down until after the show . I want you to go to you room and get some rest . some rest , okay ? I be serious . i’1l come get you at 6.30 . what floor be you on ? celeste one floor up . 1823 . int . celeste 's suite - moment later celeste enter to find the manager and albertine pose against she suite 's beachfront view in the middle of a embrace . 85 . celeste get you hand off she . the manager squint he brow and lift he hand from albertine . the manager i come in here and she be cry by herself . she need a hug . celeste speak only to albertine . celeste go downstairs and get ready for the show . albertine start to rush past celeste but celeste catch she . celeste ( cont 'd ) come on , do not do that . she whisper ... celeste ( cont 'd ) I hope you do not take that thing I give you . I over-reacted . albertine do not respond . celeste ( cont 'd ) what ? you want I to shout it from the rooftop ? she pinch she daughter 's side . celeste ( cont 'd ) I be just not ready for you to grow up be all . you be my little girl . forgive I ? albertine sort of smile and nod she head . celeste ( cont 'd ) hold on a minute . celeste grab a bouquet of flower from a vase in she room and set they next to some hotel stationary where she jot down a crudely write '' I be sorry I be a bitch '' and set it on a rise . celeste ( cont 'd ) give this to ellie . 86 . she shove the bouquet at albertine . albertine what 's this for ? celeste for everything . take they down and I nil meet you guy in the lobby . we will head over together . I love you . albertine yeah , I too . albertine kiss she mom and exit ... the manager ( 0.s. ) why be not you with josie ? celeste be almost startle . celeste Jesus . I almost forget you be stand there . camera pan over to the manager . celeste ( cont 'd ) josie call off the rest of the day . some guy be come after I about Joel hedlund and I just do not have the mental capacity or ball to take he on . the manager christ . i'll go talk she off she a ledge . celeste no. stay with I . celeste sit down with she leg spread across from the manager . celeste ( cont 'd ) you get any stuff leave from last night ? the manager you think that 's a good idea right now ? 87 . celeste ( frank , matter - of - fact ) I be do yammer for the day . the manager raise he eyebrow . celeste ( cont 'd ) what ? tonight 's second nature . I gotta get out of my head , you know that . I be get myself all work up from over - think everything . I keep picture all that people scream and run all over the sand . the manager exhales , unsure . celeste ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's just take what you have leave . we will not call for more until after the show and you can fuck I for a little while we be high . celeste comically hold she hand up for a high five . the manager laugh , give she a high - five , then hold onto she hand . in a way , they really love each other . int . hallway - later the manager exit hold the door open for celeste who be in some fancy new wardrobe but look obliterate . the manager come on , everyone 's downstairs . celeste trip out of the door , fall straight on she face . the manager ( cont ’d ) ( deadpan ) you alright ? int . van - evening celeste seem almost dead in the backseat . eleanor , albertine , josie , and the manager be all there , as well . suddenly , celeste pop up to exclaim ... celeste stop the car ! 88 . the manager we be run late . celeste just pull over for 2 minute . josie , the publicist what be it ? celeste I just need to do something for 2 minute . stop the fuck car ! ext . van / beach - continuous the van pull over and celeste jump out . celeste honey , come with I for a sec . ext . beach - moment later albertine and celeste run up to the water and celeste kneel down . celeste ( to albertine ) get down with I . albertine be concerned . albertine what be you do celeste let 's just have a moment of silence together . albertine cautiously kneel down . celeste ( cont 'd ) let 's shut we eye and hold everyone who 's suffer right now in we heart . albertine shut she eye ... new angle on - the water . 89 . ext . atlantic CITY strip - evening a sign rotate advertising celeste 's residence . the advertisement boast - '' celeste & the dirty thirty present vox lux : live '' ext . backstage lot - continuous sfx : constant percussion rise and fall in the mix . occasionally blend with the pre-show recording inside the auditorium . a security team await celeste 's arrival . after some time , a van pull up and celeste and she entourage exit the vehicle . josie have to help celeste out of the slide door . frantic handheld on - a PA speak up ... PA can I help you Ms. Montgomery ? celeste no one call I that . josie , the publicist give she some space . be there camera back there ? PA not that I know of . josie , the publicist tell you team if anyone be catch take a picture of she , they be fuck fire . josie turn she attention to celeste josie , the publicist ( cont ’d ) what can we get you ? celeste I be so thirsty . josie turn to the PA . 90 . josie , the publicist get she some sparkling water and something to eat . PA oh , sure , like what ? josie , eleanor , and the manager be nearly drag she into the back entrance of the auditorium . josie , the publicist something with sugar . celeste where 's albertine ? eleanor she 's behind you . celeste take she to get something to drink . albertine we be not leave you . I be right here . celeste look behind she to see albertine . celeste there you be . do not look so upset . just go and get something to drink and get you seat . int . auditorium hallway - continuous celeste 's laser director greet she at the door . laser director I just need to quickly introduce myself . I be step in for o'malley tonight . celeste look at he but do not respond . josie , the publicist now 's not a great time . the laser director suddenly see what terrible shape she 's in . laser director oh , sorry . 91 . celeste 's eye focus ... celeste who 's o’malley ? laser director you laser director . celeste I have never meet he . what happen to he ? laser director he 's get a throat infection celeste - but this be the first show . josie cut he off .. josie , the publicist I say now be not a good time ! they keep walk . josie look across to the manager who have yet to say a word . josie , the publicist ( cont ’d ) I need you to call this right now if she can not go on . the manager she 's fine . ( to celeste ) stop with the histrionics , baby . the PA walk ahead try to make way for they . PA there 's a room prepare just here on the leave . the PA dictate a door on the leave . celeste ( shout ) I know ! we have be here every day for a week . celeste shake everyone loose . celeste ( cont 'd ) let go of I . she brace herself against the doorframe . they enter the room . 92 . celeste ( cont 'd ) everyone think I be a idiot . eleanor no one think you be a idiot . celeste ( slur ) just , shut up - the manager do not be a spoiled brat . you be embarrassing yourself . celeste ( shout ) do not call I brat ! eleanor say to josie . eleanor get she out of here . then to albertine . celeste shout and rant behind she . celeste ( belligerent shouting ) I be sick of everyone talk about I like I be not a person ! I be not just a thing you can put on and wear ! eleanor baby , you mom need I right now and I need you to go with josie . I ’1l1 come out to you as soon as I can . can you do that for I ? I promise you everything be go to be all right , okay ? albertine okay . eleanor okay . eleanor shut the door on the gang , leave only celeste and the manager with she in the room . the manager do not feed into this unhealthy behavior , ellie . then to celeste , suddenly belligerent ... the manager ( cont ’d ) i be sick and i be tired of you treat we like we be not a person . how about that ? at least everyone be out there talk and worry about you , spoiled brat . no one will ever drum up a thing to say about the rest of we , spoiled brat , and i do not sit around whining about it . eleanor you too . get out of here ! celeste be a outright mess , sobbing and daze . the manager seriously , she will be fine . she 's riding a bad wave that she 'il eventually come off of . we just need to snap some sense into she then back to celeste , he say ... the manager ( cont 'd ) you be in a hole , be not that right , cel ? celeste have cease to make much sense . celeste you can not just press a button and take out you dish ! the manager okay , i think you be really scare everyone so you gotta just shut you eye and pretend you be the only one in the room . can you do that for I ? eleanor I say get out . the manager do not budge . eleanor ( cont 'd ) do you want I to call this off ? he exhales , kiss celeste on the forehead and exit . 94 , celeste everyone be talk about I like I be not a person right in front of they ! they be right in front of I when they do it ! eleanor hold celeste to she chest . celeste be a outright mess , sobbing and daze . eleanor he 's a car salesman . forget about he . celeste ellie , they show I this promo we shot and I look so bad . eleanor what be you talk about ? celeste no , do not look at I like that , listen to I . they shot I with this new camera everyone tell I be great but I look so ugly . it make I want to die , ellie . eleanor seem possess . eleanor you be not gonna die . celeste I just want to be queen for they and sometimes I do not feel like a queen at all , ya know ? I be so ugly underneath all this and if they only know - celeste cry with she eye roll back in she skull . eleanor I be so grateful you be alive and I be here and I be not go anywhere . ever. celeste have she face bury in she sister 's neck . celeste but the journalist can be so mean , ellie . they begin breathe in unison . 95 . eleanor that 's because they have never make anything they be proud of , honey . you be not here for they . you be here for you fan . tonight will be the great night of they life and the public will be at you foot again . in just a few minute , this nightmare you have be live will all be over , and it will have all be worth it ... let I help you get dress . int . hallway / under the stage - later handheld on - we follow celeste , the PA , and a few other down a long corridor . she be now dress in a surreal costume of white feather and structure shoulder pad that make she look like a piece of corbusier furniture . sfx : a ambient drine . percussion continue to amass . the tension build . they finally reach celeste 's tour manager and a few other who stand wait for she . PA here she be . the tour manager you look amazing ! celeste smile , seem focus , less fuck up than before . the tour manager ( cont ’d ) be you ready ? celeste my daughter 's out there . gotta make this amazing for she . the tour manager let 's get start . ( call out ) everyone gather round I and cel , will ya ? the band hold hand in a huddle . her tour manager lead a pre-show ritual . 96 . the tour manager ( cont ’d ) I just want wanna say thank you for this beautiful group of talented people . I have like to take a moment to reflect on the last year and this crew who be like family . none of this would be possible without you . now , be you psyched for tonight ? group yeah ! the tour manager let 's give we girl some love ! they start to chant and rap . celeste jump around in the middle of the crew , she playfully lunge at they like a prize-fighter . the group chant a melodic mantra , sing '' phenomenal '' over and over again . after a moment ... celeste who 's the badd - est bitch in the room ! ? group you a-re ! celeste who 's the sickest b-and on the plan - et ? group we a-re . the tour manager who make this possible ? group we do ! the tour manager be we be gonna be good ?! group no ! the tour manager be we gonna be great ?! celeste be like a new person , completely in she element . 97 . group no ! the tour manager be we gonna be a-m-a-z !? group no ! the tour manager what be we gonna be then ?! group phenomenal ! the tour manager so , let we go higher and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher , break ! she high fives the group breathes heavy , and step to a platform where stylist put on a few finish touch to hair and make up . follow the countdown from 10 celeste be finally elevate to the stage on a lift . camera stay tight on she on she rise up . int . stage - continuous celeste stand in silhouette against a set of massive monitor that flash past , present , future over and over again behind she . the crowd of thousand be only occasionally illuminate in brief flash of light . sfx : a ambient warble flood the space with sound . percussion occasionally rise and fall in the mix . she speak into a mic saturate with vocal fx . celeste ( heavy reverb ) tonight . ( more ) 98 . celeste ( cont 'd ) we be gonna bring it back to where it all began ( begin , begin , begin ) . you want to travel back in time with I ? the crowd cheer wildly . celeste ( cont 'd ) I can not hear you ! the crowd cheer louder now . celeste ( cont 'd ) that 's right , bitch ... as some of you might have hear , celeste be Latin for ... '' heavenly . '' do you find I heavenly ? she suddenly strike a new pose . excessive cheer ... celeste ( cont 'd ) ha ha , I hear all you angel . 70000 of my little angel . she breathes heavy . the crowd a wave of celeste ( cont 'd ) so , tell I , how many of you out there have ever have a boy break you heart ( heart , heart , heart ) ? respond more and more to the playful tease . celeste ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think - and how many of my little angel cry themselves to sleep at night because somebody call you a ugly name ? fat , hideous , slut . well , guess what ? people have be try to take I down for year but I will not stay down . applause . celeste ( cont 'd ) listen close cause tonight be for you , angel . I hear you prayer . this be the new New Testament and tonight be all for you ( you , you , you , you , you ) . a screen display a close - up of celeste 's face light up behind she . 99 . the monitor on the right and leave flash voice , of , light over and over again . celeste ( cont 'd ) ( no reverb ) welcome to the vox lux tour , a night you be not soon to forget . exalt I all the way up past the star . hit it ! the beat drop and light shoot up in wide beam all around celeste . a new shift in the light reveal a backdrop of massive white square , something unusually architectural like graph paper . then suddenly 60 dancers dressed exactly as celeste enter from the right and leave and she be lose in the crowd of they . they occasionally strike unique pose . celeste ( cont 'd ) ( sing in autotune ) vox , lux , radiant flux , future , power , never , better , vox , lux , radiant flux , future , can ’t , come sooner , love , sex , promise , desire celeste break into a regular sing voice , suddenly alone on stage . celeste ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) reading the papers make up storey ( storey ) I get 50 to life but who 's on the jury ( jury ) ya never meet I but you already know I ( know I ) the same old shit , the same old story ( story ) celeste shift she vocal style for the bridge ... celeste ( cont 'd ) I be make of stone , not bone make up of steel , nothing re-al . but I be look at you look at I and I can feel my heart begin to take a be-at back to the chorus . 100 . celeste ( cont 'd ) vox , lux , radiant flux , future , power , never , better , vox , lux , radiant flux , future , can 't , come sooner everyone sing along to the lyric . the dancer return to the stage and lift celeste high above they . sfx : berlioz 's choral piece '' La damnation de faust '' start to drow out all diegetic audio . a series of close - ups - - drummer , triumphant - keyboard , triumphant - violin , triumphant - the manager watch from the wing , triumphant super slow motion on - celeste 's face be carry and pass over by the dancer underneath she . hold on this ... hold . narrator late one night at the hospital , follow that fateful morning at ridgewood , celeste make a madden claim that only she sister have ever sense to be true . she recount a story to Eleanor that go like this ... shortly after she classmate pull the trigger and send she to the place between life and death , a place that she could only really ever describe to Eleanor as a '' rush of color ; '' she have meet the devil and make a deal with he in exchange for she life . he whisper she melody and she return with a mission to bring great change to the next century . beat . 101 . narrator ( cont ’d ) he say , '' shut you eye and repeat after I . '' celeste begin to shut she eye ... the narrator speak now at a very deliberate pace . narrator ( cont ’d ) one for the money . two for the show . on three we get ready . and on four - come with I . celeste 's expression convey that though she spirit be exhaust at the peak of its achievement , it really have all be a achievement , nonetheless . new angle on - albertine watch she mother from the from the front row . CUT to black . lou reed 's '' sword of damocles '' plays loud , redemptive , triumphant over final credit