the avenger screenplay by Don macpherson June 21 , 1995 1blue sky with cloud pan down to reveal : 2 ext - saltflat - day a flat horizon , stretch to infinity . a 360 degree pan reveal : nothing . desert , no hide place . no animal , no human , no object . except in mid distance -- 3red phone BOX brightly paint , traditional , comforting , belong in a village green . perfectly ordinary -- except for its location . silence . only the wind over the plain . except -- the phone ring . ring-ring ... a mellow , old - fashioned tone . we wait for someone to answer it . but of course nothing and nobody for mile . except -- 4in distance a car engine ... a puff of smoke on the horizon ... va-va - voom of high gear acceleration , as into view zoom ! -- 5car speed like a bullet . drive at maximum , breakneck speed , 125 mph . a petite open - top ' 65 Lotus elan , all streamline curve , full throttle , it near the phone box , and -- screech to a halt . Dust clear , engine noise fade . from the seat , hop -- 6kinky boot in black leather . buckle . strap at ankle . crunch into the ground . pan up to : 7beautiful woman late 20' . in closeup of -- tight black leather catsuit . a flash of auburn hair . Black leather like a second skin . smoothe over leg , thigh . buckle at wrist , strap at ankle , zip -- pull up over flesh . this be emma peel , scientist . sexual , invulnerable , cool . very cool . she lock up at cloud in the sky . then step across to the phone box . pick up the phone . emma how now brown cow ... ( pause ) the rain in Spain fall mainly on the plain ... ( pause ) the quick brown fox jump over the lazy -- from the receiver , a irritate official voice . voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) password affirmative . thank you , Doctor . Emma put down receiver . hang a cardboard outside the phone box . then press button bakelite box . a second 's wait . a coin from the slot . then a hum as -- 8inside phone BOX the floor lower automatically . Emma disappear . hanging outside the box , a notice now read " out of order . " next to the call box we notice a sign : a arrow point into the desert : " London 84 mile . " 9int . laboratory underground . Emma descend on the lift platform ; step into a research lab in retro hi-tech . walk past assistant , down long pink and orange steel corridor , Werner von braun go disco . near a door , mark : " prospero Project -- authorize personnel only . " logo with lightning emerge from a cloud . 10 from airlock door a man enter , older . in match leather suit : like a astronaut . early 40' , handsome , charismatic , with sweep -back silver - black hair . his name tag : dr . peter peel . peter ready , darling ? Peter fix she name tag : dr . emma peel ; run a finger down over she breast . she smile . emma ready as I will ever be ... mutual erotic , intellectual attraction . Peter take she hand and they walk down : 11long corridor air-lock door : a series of seal chamber inside a hitech labyrinth - - a man join they . a shyer , bespectacle , less handsome version of Peter . on he name tag : dr . valentine peel -- brother and partner . in b.g. , a countdown start , echoing through the lab valentine atmospheric pressure check , antenna ready ... thermal chamber ready ... Compression module set ... temperature control on course between one and one forty ... Water turbulence steady ... peter anything else ? Valentine smile , shrug -- valentine good luck ... Peter ... Emma . emma thanks , Valentine ... Emma give he a quick peck on the cheek . a shy look from Valentine at Emma . Peter sense peter just a minute , darling . my brother 's a worry wart . I better have a word ... Valentine -- Peter take Valentine over to one side . Emma check gauge and dial . behind she a conversation . Peter return . he take a ring from he finger -- 12closeup - diamond gem on a gold ring . 13 back to scene he slip it onto she finger . peter something to remember I by . Peter smile . the remark strike Emma as curious . but no time to query . she smile back . he give she a kiss -- peter ( check he watch ) see you in a hour ... emma one sunny day ... the countdown echoes around they as they separate . 14in distance Valentine watch she . 15int . lab chamber Inside a bed of ice , Emma be lower by hydraulic machine into a steel radioactive thermal chamber , glow eerily blue the effect be very cold . frozen. numb . like a sci-fi sleep beauty , beauty entombed and seal in a glass coffin . plunge down into a vault . opposite she -- in another glass coffin , Peter peel , be lower down . 16from emma's Pov the sound of they heartbeat . they breathing . bleep and pulse of electronics . thru glass and leather . like cerebral sex . technological , erotic . Peter wink at she -- Emma lock longingly at he , as -- 17up in control room Valentine watch behind glass . like a kid exclude from a bedroom . he attend to dial . and to he female assistant -- valentine ( thrilled ) readings still normal ... the assistant smile oddly . focus on -- a insignia tattooe on she neck : " x404 . " a replicant . they monitor screen . a dull hum . 18ext . saltflat - day a weather antenna emerge from the ground : a enigmatic phallic silver blob , like a koons sculpture . the sun glint off it ... 19down below a temperature gauge rise . the ice be infuse with pulsate color : purple -- blue -- green -- red . start to heat up as if -- it soak up temperature : from cold to hot in instant . 20closeup - white glove hand on dial " cumulus collector . " the graph accelerate , but over the dull hum -- a murmur , a breath . as Emma 's heartbeat rise the glove hand turn up the dial , past a red danger mark . suddenly a blip . something wrong . 21down in he vault Peter peel 's " coffin " start to overheat . Peter react -- peter ( intercom cut out ) lose control -- malfunction in thermal chamber -- for Christ 's -- emm --! 22in control room Needles push off the dial , as -- the ice swell : strange mix of color , absorb heat and energy in cluster of molten metal ... steam and spark ignite ... Valentine 's eye widen in alarm ... countdown ( v.o. ) five -- four -- three -- two -- one ... Three -- two -- one ... ( repeat ) Three -- two -- one ... 23inside coffin Peter 's glass crack the emergency light go on -- the alarm sound -- lab assistant run ... 24in her coffin Emma realize ; look to Peter -- 25ext . saltflat - day the " koons " antenna be draw a strange purple cloud towards it , from otherwise blue sky ... siphon the purple atmosphere down itself into 26int . control room - continuous action thru the air duct the purple cloud start to billow ... panic station ! Valentine look aghast at the graph : all system fuck , over the intercom -- valentine Emma , Peter , get out ! it 's go to explode ! from Valentine 's anguish face to Emma 's face , as valentine Emma ... 27from her vault Emma undoe the strap , clamber out of she pod 28angle ( in dreamlike slow motion ) Emma clamber onto she husband 's pod -- in a sequence eternally replay for she as a nightmare -- 29 back to scene valentine get out ! leave he -- ! Emma ! 30 rapid intercut the purple smoke envelop Peter 'spod , soft caress -- Peter struggle within , look at Emma -- emma Peter ! her leatherclad limb straddle over he glass coffin . her heartbeat sound ... she grab , claw on glass -- her fist draw back , blam ! blam ! blam ! three deadly blow , Emma smashes the pod cover , it -- crack -- splinter -- not break -- obscure he face inside like a spider 's web , as behind she valentine do not wait for he -- he 's not -- breathless , blood smear on glass , Emma 's gash fist bleed through tear leather glove -- twisted mass of flesh and glass -- growling sound grow as : 31 above ground the voluminous purple cloud be suck by the antenna ...! 32closeup on emma's diamond ring gleam through a tear of blood as she pound the glass -- 33 back to scene peter ( faint ) Emma ... Emma ... as a growling sound grow till boom ! a explosion rock the vault -- flame burst out -- sound and vision separate -- Emma hear explosion as a slow move tear through she psyche . a trauma . 34angle ( in extreme slow motion ) the blast fling Emma back through space , fly unconscious as if in a dream , float backwards in -- a milky way op - art swirl of glass and steel fragment , now -- out of control , weightless , powerless , as -- the background of seal door , white corridor all vanish . a spin , black void open up behind she , as she eye shut , head fall back -- a orgasmic , dream of near-death , as a crash of music begins a hip new version of the " avenger " theme tune -- credit sequence . 35 series of shot in stark silhouette the swish of a bowler hat spin through space a umbrella toss in the air , flicked like a deadly weapon -- a rich velvety feel , key color black / white / red . dandyish and erotic follow by blast of violence , dreamy op - art puzzle and psychedelic pattern over -- a sensuous black , background -- slowly reveal to be a woman 's leather - clad body -- in silhouette -- a bowler hatted man , steed , a catsuite woman Emma . flashes of : hair -- eye -- a red rise -- in bloom -- petal fold and unfold , then tightly shut . a thorn stem , sharp to the touch -- from black and white into color -- leather background metamorphose into black and white of a chessboard as ... a medieval knight move around its queen in a formal dance -- a fetishistic attention to detail : leather catsuit , swish of leg , boot ... hair toss back -- red nail over black ... creamy white skin ... zip ... a silhouett man in bowler hat in savile row suit -- old etonian knotted tie -- umbrella stab like a sword -- umbrella with knotted stem of a rise furling round -- then a tear , gash -- rise cut and toss into -- his lapel . until , at the end : together in silhouette . bowler hat throw , skim , swish through air , until -- now only a single heartbeat ... BA - boom ... BA - boom ... then -- pistol shot over as : 36int . emma's bedroom - pre-dawn a gasp as Emma wake abruptly from she nightmare , year later , startle by the shot , naked beneath satin sheet . her heartbeat fade as she look around she klaus oldenberg room , vinyl comforter , satin sheet . a toss of she hair . look more mature . sexual , haunt . Mrs. Emma peel -- widow . same every night . next to the clock , a frame photo of she dead husband , Peter peel . from outside another shot ... Emma fling on a satin robe , go to the window and see -- 37her Pov a car zoooom past , its bowler - hatted driver racing through early morning street . the damn thing backfire again ... 38 back to scene Emma frown , annoyed . 39ext . street - dawn Zoom ! the sleek , sporty black jaguar ss100 burn down desert street . Inside be a bowler-hatted man -- JOHN steed , late 30' . handsome English go , roguish look , dandy 's clothes . a Beau brummel figure in a savile row suit , velvet collar , embroider waistcoat . a debonair etonian , steed ooze charm , wit and - when he choose to -- hard - edge , steely menace . he drive through -- 40 london ( 1999 ) this be ' avengersland ' : a parallel world paint by rene magritte , forever England . Bright pink , green and red , a imperial city in final decadent bloom . White stucco building . Regency style in candy color . a surreally 90' city like a hipper , edgier version of the 60' preserve in aspic , where -- over the radio , a plummy voice : announcer ( v.o. ) ( filter ) ... the War Office today approve military expenditure for the nation 's new defense alert system . a spokesman say he would raise the matter at the forthcoming World Council of minister , but that a state of vigilance be still necessary in the uncertain climate . as steed turn into a mews , we realize that in this kinky , pop world , ordinary life do not intrude . no traffic . no extras . nothing to spoil the view . as the radio continue with a weather forecast , steed -- 41ext . steed' garage - dawn steed 's car enter he garage -- door close as -- 42int . steed be flat - dawn but the curtain be still draw so the place be dark . a large bachelor 's de . Dark wood , leather armchair ... steed enter he library from a conceal door -- titles on wine and birdwatch . he click the door , go to he drink cabinet . pour a brandy . hear a noise ... instantly on guard . in he glass , see a shadowy reflection move . steed peer ' round a corner . see a silhouett figure stand over he desk -- a burglar ? steed sneak up behind -- raise he umbrella , and -- crack ! bring the umbrella down -- on the suspect 's head . who manage to dodge , swivel ' round , and -- bam ! deliver a expert blow to steed 's stomach . a rapid exchange of blow . steed recoil , about to jab the umbrella , when -- his assailant about to deliver a kick to he crotch -- steed cover the area -- bam ! a spike heel hit he bowler -- as the curtain be draw back , light flood in -- they freeze . steed know he opponent : a lethal blonde in red leather . steed Brenda -- ? 43from above he a voice -- mother ( o.s. ) steed -- ?! 44 back to scene steed swivel ' round to face -- upside down -- a man hang like a bat from the ceiling inch before he -- pommade hair , fat , dandyish : mother , head of secret service ; hand of extendable metal hook . and brenda , he beautiful leather - clad bodyguard . who smile seductively . steed mother . I think you be burglar . mother Brenda and I think we would drop in . mother suit action to the word , drop into he wheelchair . brenda see how you be get on ... steed something in the wind ? mother wheel himself from the study . tap a barometer . it whirl around . mother weather 's turn nasty . steed you do not come to talk about the weather , surely . mother oh yes I do . I want you to meet somebody . ( off steed 's look ) I expect you will like she . Brenda coolly file she nail . a flash of jealousy . steed ' her ' ? 45int . emma's flat ( primrose hill ) - day a groovy penthouse ( a Lichtenstein come to life ? ) . bach piano music float in the air . hand glide over key , Emma peel play with virtuoso skill . on the piano , a frame picture of she late husband . and a photo of Emma between Peter and Valentine . a knock . Emma get up , go to the door . the music keep playing , key jump up and down automatically , as -- 46at door Emma flick open a large automated eye . peer through . open 47in corridor a messenger ( distinctive outfit ) hand over a package tie in a bow . messenger Dr. peel ? emma thank you ... Emma shut the door . unty the bow , open up find a emboss card : emma ( read ) ' please answer the telephone . ' Emma look : the phone sit there . just then ... ring -ring . Emma go over , pick up the phone . a record message , a upper-class woman 's voice : woman ( v.o. ) ( filter ) boodle Club , the mall , 2:30 p.m . Mr. John steed ... boodle Club , the mall , 2:30 p.m. Mr. John steed ... beep . the phone go dead . Emma open up the case . unveil a brace of kipper . puzzle , she hold up a fish . emma kipper ...? 48ext . boodle-s club ( pall mall ) - day near the mall , outside white stucco building , a Lotus elan pull up and park as a car conveniently leave , cut off another angry car . honk ! a dash clock say 2:15 . out get -- -- Emma peel , different attire . she climb step . on a brass plaque , " boodle gentlemen 's Club . " she go in , pass -- -- a astonished uniform commissionaire . 49int . boodles ' lobby - continuous action a porter approach she , equally surprised . porter May I help you , madam ... emma Mr. John steed , please . porter I be afraid that 's impossible . emma impossible ? the porter point to a notice : " no non-members . no animal . no woman . " porter you be female ? emma as you see . porter then you can not come in . emma I have a appointment . porter no woman . not in boodle . not since 1922 . emma really -- what happen in 1922 ? bore , Emma breeze past , already inside the hall . Old mahogany , portrait of dead politician , leather chair . a male enclave . the porter rush up to restrain she . hardly miss a step , Emma lay a gentle hand on he shoulder -- find the nerve end . the porter wince and -- emma thank you so much . I can find Mr. steed myself ... -- collapse on the ground in agony . Emma ignore he . pushes through double door , upstairs , statue of naked bronze warrior frown down on she , into 50int . boodles - turkish bath - day thru a cloud of steam in a oriental room steed sit naked save for a towel . he hear a disturbance , through the mist , see -- Emma before he . automatically , steed don he bowler and tip it in she direction . steed Doctor peel , I presume ? emma and you must be steed . please do not get up . he do not . hissing steam between they as they study . steed I be about to throw in the towel . emma I have a spot of bother at the door . steed I should not wonder . not a woman inside boodle since -- emma 1922 . why the kipper ? steed Red herring would have be too obvious , do not you think ? emma ( look around ) so what be all this -- some sort of test ? steed congratulation , you have penetrate a bastion of male privilege . I guess you be not a stickler for tradition , doctor . emma whereas you be . steed dyed in the wool . but I can admire someone who do not play by the rule . emma rule be make to be break . steed not by I . play by the rule , Doctor , or the game be nothing . emma and just what be the game ? steed I say , this be all terribly formal . must I go a call you Dr. peel ? emma ( be : the steamroom ) under the circumstance , you may call I Mrs. peel . steed much better . emma and now that we have settle the matter of honorifics , will you kindly explain why you wish I to meet you ? steed I do not . mother do . emma mother ? steed step closer , smile . steed I expect you will like he . off Emma 's reaction -- 51ext . thame river ( near whitehall ) - day car roar over . down the embankment parliament and Big Ben in b.g. , the sleek jaguar zoom at 60 mph . steed dodge traffic -- wearing racing goggle , windscreen down -- execute a nifty maneuver , swerve on a zebra crossing , scatter pedestrian , honking he horn . beside he , Emma be cool as a cucumber . steed turn charmingly . steed tea time -- four o'clock . must not be late . ( beat ) a word of warning . do not take the macaroon . mother 's favorite . steed swerve down a narrow alleyway , into a secret car park entrance by the riverbank . he pull up before a sign : river thame water authority no admittance at a control barrier steed insert a card . Emma see a light flash up : " Security -- top priority clearance only . " the barrier lift . she look again at steed , reappraising he as Big Ben approach four . the car disappear in darkness ... 52 large window curtain open , revealing water ! we be beneath the Thames -- garbage and fish float past a window of reinforce glass . a original Campbell 's tomato soup can float down as we widen to reveal ... 53int . secret service hq - underwater - day mother in he wheelchair , pull the curtain cord . mother that 's better . I much prefer a womb with view , do not you , Mrs. peel ? a delicate clock on the mantel chime four . mother wheel himself forward and hook onto the kettle . mother shall I be mother ? he pour , preside like a fat spider at the center of a subterranean web , know as the Ministry : a vast bureaucracy in a labyrinth of tunnel . catch Emma 's wander lock mother I expect you be wonder where you be . a atmosphere of a gentleman 's club reign in the subterranean bureau - - Emma take she tea ... emma do not tell I : you be the shadow secret service . you be so hushhush , even the legit secret service know nothing about it . be I right ? bodyguard Brenda , a glam leather moneypenny , wheel a trolley brim with fancy over to Emma and steed . mother Close . we be so hush -hush , even we know nothing about it . ( before Emma can make sense of this ) now let 's see , there 's coconut cake , date and walnut ; I recommend the rum baba ... emma hmmm ... mother look like rain , steed ... steed ... shower follow by sunny period . emma ( look up from trolley ) we be not here to talk about the weather , surely . mother oh , yes we be . brenda ( to Emma , cun ) macaroon ? Emma hesitates ; take a cake . about to take a bite , when -- mother switch off light . a screen drop , cover the water window as the mood change from coziness to terror -- a ancient projector rattle on ... 54in darkness Emma watch on the wall , a official Ministry film of macabre death tableaux in the English countryside : mother we have have a series of bizarre weather report . we keep they hush -hush and send agent into the field for data . case number one : April 14 , 3:35 p.m. , special agent simkin investigate mysterious fire in corn circle . a field outside the village of Little snore , one of the hot day of the year . trapped by a sudden blizzard . found freeze to death in a giant ice cube -- like a mammoth in perma-frost . ( the picture change ) case two : Pilot Raymond Shaw , May 6 , 11:28 a.m. take off from a desert airstrip near stoke poge , investigate bizarre atmospheric report . a freak rainstorm down he . knocked unconscious by a fly fish , fall from 15,000 foot . twenty - five inch of rain in eight minute , over a area the size of a cricket pitch ... ( the picture change ) ... case three : June 2 , 5:43 p.m. Defense Chief Major courtnay . remains discover in a turnip field near ashby de la Zouche . we boffin record a sudden blast of heat . scorch earth , temperature of 1000 degree . spontaneous combustion . not much of he leave ... click . the light go back on . Emma notice - a new arrival : a tall , strike older woman ; dark glass . mother my number two . special assignment . she 's -- emma let I guess -- ' Father ' ? father ( older woman ) all happy family here , Mrs. peel . Father 's dark glass turn to Emma like a hawk . run she finger over Emma 's face . get the outline . Emma realize -- emma you be -- blind ... Father smile . father God , you be quick . mother have a look at this , Mrs. peel -- he pass 'round a box of evidence related to the screen event : steed investigate a pair of black shoe and bowler ; Emma , a fish . the shoe have agent simkin ' name in they ... steed ah ... from trubshaw 's . my shoemaker . emma ( unimpress ) a kipper . or a red herring ? what be they investigate ? father a series of bizarre shift in local weather pattern ... steed Global warming ? father jungle plant in the Arctic ? a lush English village transformed overnight into African scrubland ? blizzard in summer ? emma how curious ... mother something strange be happen . and whoever know about it do not want we to find out . father ( to steed ) you mission be simple . find out how and why this agent die . emma I be no spy -- where do I fit in ? mother you research into climate engineering be state - of - the-art . you experiment could have revolutionize we knowledge of global warming -- have they succeed . we need you expertise . steed perhaps I would better start call you doctor again , Mrs. peel -- Emma hesitates , unsure for the first time ... emma I be not sure I be ready to return to work . I have be out of action for some time . I will consider you proposal . she get up , ready to go . father one moment , Mrs. peel . there 's another special reason we want you to join we happy family ; rather curious , actually ... mother hit the light . he flick the video into slow - mo . file through image clarification , identikit sketches . mother Eye witness report . stranger in the area . one description tallied in all three place . recognize she ? Emma lock . on the screen come -- Emma peel . steed react . emma I , be not it ? Emma stare at the screen : incredible . like a twin sister . father think of it as special assignment , Mrs. peel . with a twist . you be we chief suspect . emma you be say I have no choice . mother Father will be you controller . steed here will show you the rope . emma ( very arch ) ropes ? 55int . secret service hq shoot gallery a life-size target of a man with blank face , bowler hat and umbrella , flip up , and -- blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! be riddled with hole by Emma , who work at reloading as 56high above in one - way mirrore gallery look on , mother with steed . steed think she really kill that agent ? mother she may not know . Theory go she may be very ill . steed amnesia ? mother possibly . Split personality ... steed insane ... ? mother who know ? if Dr. darling be right , you should watch out . steed why ? mother she may try to kill you . 57in shoot gallery Emma swiftly turn , aim , and -- blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! fire with dead - eye precision . all on target . steed react . ulp . steed perhaps I ought to talk with Dr. darling . 58int . secret service hq psy ops room a gallery of portrait of Emma peel project on the wall base on Warhol 's Jackie ( 1964 ) -- poignant , inscrutable , fascinating , iconic -- blow up , dissect , analyze . the swirl newspaper dot cover mother and steed like bubbles from a light show . as dr . darling , head of the Ministry 's psychological Operations ( psy ops ) -- a kind of spy version of timothy leary , brief they . in he thick dark glass and beard , darling 's obsessive interest in Emma add a sinister air . dr . darling one key point : Mrs. peel be a widow : she 's obsessively devote to the memory of she husband the scientist Peter peel . you may find she a little ... remote . image of Peter peel on the wall . of Emma with he . dr . darling they be a team . met at Cambridge . work on a top secret research mission into weather condition , code name the prospero Project , when peel die . steed look meaningfully at mother . mother something go wrong . system malfunction . explosion . Mrs. peel have a narrow escape . suspected sabotage . nothing prove . file still open . steed how come you take so much interest in she , Dr. darling ? dr . darling her husband be one of ours . steed ( eye peel 's photo , then mother ) peel ? do she know ? mother still do not . better safe than sorry . she be in a dangerous game , steed . High stake . she may prove to be a risk . if she be , there 's only one solution . termination . steed anyone particular in mind ? mother you . off steed 's reaction . clashing blade over ... 59int . secret service fencing salon steed and Emma ( new outfit ) , cross sword . like everything else she do , Emma be a champion . steed be hard put . both fence attach to cable -- very high - tech dueling ... steed be in white ; Emma ( natch ) , in black ... yin and yang ... steed you be a lady of hide talent , Mrs. peel ... tic-tac ... emma I have no intention of hide they ... tic-tac ... steed scientist ... ( tic -tac ) ... marksman ... ( tic -tac ) ... swordsman ... ( tic -tac ) ... to what do you attribute you overachievement ? fast swordplay . tic-tac-tic-tac-tic . steed 's good , too . emma my father always want a boy . steed really ? I fail to see the connection . emma I have a feel you would . touche ! she lunge ; she foil tip right into the heart on steed 's chest . buzz ! steed remove he mask ; hold she foil tip . steed I take you point . Emma take off she mask . emma do you ? steed yes indeed . I need protection . 60ext . sign - day " trubshaw 's of jermyn Street , since 1756 . " steed 's jag park in front -- of course there 's a space . get out emma I think we be on we way . steed oh , absolutely , but trubshaw 's a man worth meeting . no point set out half shod . emma ( dry ) or half cocked . 61closeup - trubshaw slip steed 's hand - make shoe a . the " last " shape of shoe beside he -- bear steed 's name . steed I could not agree more . thank you , trubshaw . trubshaw ( significantly ) very good , Mr. steed . widen to reveal : 62int . trubshaw's gentlemen' shop - day a bull moose 's antler . a horn rhino . a leopard . a tiger . then next to they , in a wall of hunt trophy Emma pace impatiently beneath they . shop assistant attend in tail and wing -collar , very old school tie . steed emerge help into a new flashy waistcoat ... emma ( gag at the waistcoat ) steed , we really must be -- steed ( relishing he shoe ) ahh. perfect fit . the luxury of a hand - make shoe . as unique as a face or a fingerprint . or should I say DNA ? 63behind display eye watch Emma and steed rise ... emma you can but I wish you would not ... steed thank you , trubshaw ... a youngish man -- in black polo neck , Beatle - cut mop , paut lip , smart suit , druggy high - pitch giggle . bailey , a cocky , cool psychopath . he watch steed and Emma leave ... ... and saunter after they ... car roar over . 64ext . london street - day as the jag race through they , head for the country . emma ( v.o. ) that place be so absurd , so out of date ... steed ( v.o. ) do you really think so ? another car follow they ... as they pass Buckingham Palace , now paint pink and guard by female grenadier ... 65sign read : " Scotland " with a arrow , as steed and Emma zoom past in the jag ... steed ( v.o. ) Press that button , would you ? tea ? 66closeup - special dashboard compartment open , revealing a tea service : a samovar of tea , feed into a pre - warm pot , pour into two china cup ... widen to reveal : 67int . jag - day Emma , react , pour from the samovar ... steed sorry . do not mean to interrupt you flow of oratory ... steed 's jag backfire again as at the beginning ... emma you know what I mean . this car -- and you . nobody walk around like that . milk ? steed not all tradition be bad , Mrs. peel . no thank you . she hand over a cup . emma but why ? what 's the point ? steed a gentleman have to have a code . this be part of mine . a uniform . think of it as my suit of shine armor . emma and I suppose you be the knight . steed the most unpredictable piece on the board . and always ready to protect he queen . emma that 's predictable . when I find a queen in need of protection I will let you know . steed look in the mirror . behind they , a car . tailing ? steed I be hope you will . he put he foot down . Zoom ... 68ext . countryside - day towards picturesque Scotland . the jag roar by - then the other car ... 69int . jag - day Emma consult a list , read -- emma Sir August merryweather ... why be we see he first ? steed as per mother 's instruction . emma do we always follow mother 's instruction ? steed for a man in my position -- emma just what be you position , if you do not mind my ask . how do a stuff shirt like you get into this line of work ? steed ( smile ) they call I in when they have reach a dead end . freelance . like yourself . emma I have no choice . why should you risk you life ? steed after we fencing match , I be rather hope you would do the risk . more tea ? emma no thanks . steed I mean I . Emma take in steed 's evasive answer . sigh , she pour . 70ext . highland - day the jag wind around Loch ness , follow by the car . steed ( v.o. ) accord to mother , Sir August own half of the highlands . a millionaire . former head of special project at the Ministry . now ... emma ( v.o. ) a eccentric recluse ? 71int . jag - day steed not so much eccentric . more bark mad . he have a wife call June . and a daughter somewhere -- Julie . emma June , July ... August ? steed the family do seem to be somewhat meteorologically inclined . emma any other vice ? steed all of a piece , really . a fanatical weatherman . Chairman of brolly . ( off she look ) british Royal organisation for lasting liquid year . thinks british weather have be tampere with by ... alien . Emma take this in . emma so ... I distract he while you snoop around ? how ? steed small talk . try the weather . 72ext . huge country house - day steed and Emma speed up to the huge open main gate Signs : " private : no admittance . " Guards in hunt gear and plus four , with load rifle . they start up the drive ... several peacock on the lawn fan open they beautiful tail . one of they , a mechanical peacock whose thousand eye click with the whir of a camera ... the other car pull in behind . Inside , reveal Bailey watch they . 73int . manor house corridor - day on a tartan carpet , a scottie bark furiously at a set of expiring bagpipe on the floor . pan up to reveal : a butler lead Emma down the corridor -- -- where she admire the eccentric fixture , pause to note a large teddy bear outfit with tartan trimming instead of the usual suit of armor . emma original ... butler this way , miss ... emma missus ... he open the double door , admit Emma into 74int . a large room of semi-tropical climate . jungle plant , parakeet , snake . wall line with display cabinet and bell jar : stuff bird , butterfly , spider . a thermometer read : 100 degree with high humidity . the butler leave . Emma fan herself . nobody in the roam . but hear a sound of rainfall from a smoke glass conservatory . emma Sir August ... ? Sir August ... ? voice ( o.s. ) eh ? in here ! Emma follow the SOUND , step cautiously forward . 75int . conservatory beneath a sprinkler system of torrential rain , a old man splashes in bizarre rubber tog . Emma stay cool . emma I have come to apply for membership in brolly -- sir august ( shout above the tempest ) you do not get rain like you use to in England . a good shower that 's the ticket . stiffen resolve , pucker the spirit , quell the namby - pamby in a man . sir august step out of the shower and wind machine . a belt rubber macintosh , flipper , goggle . he start to disrobe , the noise die down -- emma I so agree . how do you acquire a taste for it ? sir august out in India . so character - form for the british . not the heat . good Lord , no . the rain , dash it . a good monsoon . Fifteen inch overnight . a whole week of lovely rain . I remember one summer in jaipur ... Sir August remove he goggle , recognize she . sir august you emma have we meet ? sir august you mean you do not recall ?? before Emma can reply , the door open ... sir august ah , Lady June ... Emma 's attention switch to lady JUNE , a buxom lady in a sou 'wester and galoshes , who wheel in a tray of scone . lady JUNE dear August . love he shower . like a baby . ( beat ) scone , Mrs. peel ? emma thank you , Lady -- June ... Emma see Sir August gaze wistfully out of the window , which be rapidly darken ... sir august ah , beautiful . just as he promise . emma Promised ? who promise ? sir august there , look ! Emma look , see rain start to pitter - patter on the window . Emma exchange look with June as the rain start pour . sir august imagine be catch out in a blow like that ! 76ext . moorland - day thunder and lightning -- steed be catch out in it ; put up he umbrella ; wander over the brow of a hill , past a big sign : " no trespasper . " Rain more . and more . turn to a tempest , as -- steed I say , this be a bit much . lashed by rain ' steed carry on to the brow of the hill . he look over , peer through the mist at -- a deep purple cloud . mushroom towards he . steed can not escape it . it envelop he . start to blink . cough . footstep less sure . surrounded by thick purple haze steed stumble and fall down a hill . tumble to the bottom . he knock he head on a rock . steed blink , shake he head . eye refocus . he see 77undulating sand dune Sun shine down on yellow sand , a barren vista . Dead tree . suddenly steed 's in the sahara . a heat haze shimmer . steed blink , think he 's dream when he see ... 78in distance - red phone BOX steed head towards it . the phone BOX seem further away . like a optical illusion . then hear ringing . steed still bowler-hatted . overcoat . perspire . take off bowler , wipe brow . adjust rise in buttonhole . it wilt . he arrive at the phone box . open the door . steed pick up the ringing phone , listen to -- a scratchy orchestral recording of " the merry widow . " steed ' the merry widow ' ...? over the music , a strange -- voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) ... hello ... hello ? ... who the hell ...? who be this ? ... you must leave the test area . I repeat , leave the area ... help be on the way ... click . the line go dead . steed be baffle . step out , see -- 79on horizon a shimmer heat haze . a figure on a camel move towards they . steed watch amaze , as the camel pad closer ... the mirage arrive . the rider dismount . a woman in yashmak and veil . she draw closer . drop the veil to reveal -- Emma peel . in she black leather catsuit . . steed Mrs. peel. good of you to drop by . and I see you be wear you - riding outfit ? Emma move closer . steed smile at she . Emma closer and -- chop ! -- give a kung - fu jab to the throat , a kick to the ball , a jab to the stomach . as steed lie on the ground -- steed manners , Mrs. peel . Emma take out a .38 gun , point at he heart , fire -- blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! four shot -- 80 emma's Pov -- the bullet strike he chest . round he heart . steed slump back on the sand . eye close ... 81emma move over he . drop a small toy snowshaker into he curl finger . blow a good - bye kiss . 82steed pov82 the sun . Cloud roll by . the camel peer down at he . fade to black . sound of clacking ... fade in : 83int . secret service hospital - day a hospital ward . empty apart from one bed . a nurse ( Brenda in she red leather ) , she spike heel clack on the floor , bring over a cup of tea to steed in a hospital bed . who wake , surprised to see Emma . peer over he . very nonchalant . eat he grape . steed ah , Brenda ... ( as she leave ) Mrs. peel ? emma you should be dead . how do you feel ? steed ( eye she ) strange . emma you be very lucky . four shot to the heart . I find you after I slip away from Sir August . mother bring you here . not I you should thank . steed I be not about to . emma I mean you man trubshaw . you bullet - proof waistcoat . I think you be just overdress . steed I might say the same . 84from gallery mother with Dr. darling take note . Emma look up at they . drop to a whisper . but they both be wear headphone . emma mother and Dr. darling have I under observation . they think I try to kill you . steed why should they think that ? emma you tell they . you say I arrive on a camel , shot you four time . Left you for dead . steed frankly that 's how I remember it . emma but that 's absurd . I may not be over - fond of you , steed , but it 's not my style . steed perhaps you memory play trick , Mrs. peel . emma ( concede ) that 's possible . Sir August be convinced he would meet I before . but I would never meet he . another odd thing . when it rain , he say it be just as someone have promise . steed do he say who ? emma no . but he must know . incidentally , my double leave you with this . Emma show steed the toy snow scene . a winter wonderland snow scene . he look puzzlingly at it . on its underneath . " the wonderland Corporation , " follow by -- steed a invitation . to a ' formal picnic ' ...? emma do you say formal ? I must dress . 85ext . london STREET - night the sporty jag pull up outside a tall , swanky building . steed get out , open she door . irritate , Emma step out of the car , clad in she leather suit -- 86closeup of her heel hit the street . pan up to steed , admire -- steed I must say , you look more you old self -- emma you mean my other self ... steed either way ... may I ask : why you dress in that fashion ? emma I should have think that be obvious ... ( off he smirk ) I be in mourn . she move off . stay on he poker face . steed I can not wait to see afternoon . he join she ; they survey the building . emma where 's the picnic ? they look up to -- 87int . conference room - night a boardroom suite , overlook London . light twinkle -- around a conference table . twelve teddy bear . each six foot tall . ridiculous and sinister . in pink , turquoise , brown , black , white , green . furry , giant paw and ear , swivel eye . one teddy sport a familiar tartan ... on the table , child 's party food : jelly , hundred and thousand , birthday cake . and wrap present before each . each bear have a name - badge : Bobby , bobo , bruno , bibi , Betty , binky etc. pin to they fur . a child 's tune , " the teddy bear picnic , " play . follow by - a gavel rapping order . a distinctively chill voice , eerily familiar and seductive , which echoes through we story -- voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) lady , gentleman and bear ... the teddy bear look round . can not hear who 's talk . voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) today be history . the first day of the future . I welcome you to the first general meeting of the wonderland Corporation , now ally with we colleague from brolly ... murmur of congratulation amongst the bear ... voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) you have all give time , money and expertise to achieve we goal . but we be reach a new phase of we operation . from today , many of you will no longer be need . I have to warn you ... dismay from the teddy bear . as a cuckoo clock ring out , voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) a cuckoo . the first sign of spring , and ... a cuckoo in we nest . we organization be no longer secret . Agents be investigate we . they name be John steed and Emma peel . I believe we have a traitor among we ... perhaps more than one ... uproar from the teddy bear . shout of " who ? " ( * ps : one of the teddys be a giant rabbit who seem especially alarmed ) . voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) that remain to be see . when we find the traitor , they will be deal with severely . teddy bear #l this agent . where be they ? voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) here . in this building . by we estimate , they will enter this room in thirty - five point five second precisely ... panic . the bear scramble to go , bump into each other . voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I be sorry the party be over . but we shall meet again . to each of you a gift . a token of my appreciation . in front of the teddy bear , each one receive a present wrap up in paper with a pink and silver bow . the tartan teddy open he up : a snow scene . anxious moan . 88int . build - night up and inside fire staircase , Emma and steed run up -- open the door to the conference room . the cuckoo ring on they entry . to find a empty room . only the party detritus plus little teddy bear sit where formerly the big one sit ; the teddy bear picnic music playing again over ... one snow shaker leave . steed pick it up : Inside it : 89tiny emma peel in black leather . steed ( o.s. ) for you , Mrs. peel . 90 back to scene Emma stare at it . turn it over : a address . emma another invitation . 38 marlborough Terrace ... 91int . embassy ( belgravia ) - night Inside number 38 , a desert Eastern bloc embassy . a dilapidate hammer and sickle tapestry in tatter . Old spy techno-junk lie discard in elegant live room . steed and Emma open the door , rush inside . they search for clue . a cigar leave in a ashtray . steed pick it up with distaste . then move over to the wine rack , pick up a vintage bottle of champagne -- steed ( admiringly ) hm ... a veuve - cliquot ' 56 ... ( then puzzle ) but he bite the end of he monte cristos ... ? ( frown ) clearly , we be deal with a maniac . meanwhile , Emma go into the -- 92 next room - emma's Pov where she see a blob of bubbling gunk , like radioactive chew gum . a few piece of char clothing tell we this be once a man in a teddy bear outfit . 93 back to scene steed enter behind she , examine the gunk . steed Colonel crabtree . International Satellite system . formerly of the Ministry . emma how on earth can you tell ? steed hold up the inside of a batter shoe : the name . steed elementary , Mrs. peel . trubshaw be not the only shoemaker still practice he trade ... emma very good , steed ... a mewling SOUND . emma what 's that ? leave steed to ponder the remain , Emma go into 94another room Dark . switch on the light . and gasp . 95steed look up as Emma emerge with - a leopard cub . steed raise he brolly . steed what on earth ? emma any idea ? steed well , he be a fellow of the Royal Zoological Society ... emma be that write in he shoe ? steed ( smug ) common knowledge , Mrs. peel ... emma ( shrug ) she have this in she mouth . there , there ... cooing to the cub , Emma toss to steed -- another snowshaker . Inside -- another address : 84 cadogan place . steed not again . there 's get to be another . way to go about this . 96ext . cadogan place apartment build ( knightsbridge ) - night down a sheer wall Emma peel abseil with rope and crampon . before glide through a open french window -- 97int . knightsbridge flat - night Emma investigate . nobody there . she look ' round . military memorabilia . bust of napoleon and charlemagne . look inside drawer . desk . meanwhile -- 98int . steed be jag - night steed feed a carton of milk to the leopard , who be a handful ... lick , paw he ... steed now , now ... ( sing ) ' I can not give you anything but love , baby ... ' 99int . knightsbridge flat - night Emma search ... 100 outside flat door100 a key in lock . door open . silence . 101inside - emma find a snowshaker . about to look underneath . hear a noise . look up , in front of she in the mirror , see - a giant teddy behind she . ready to strike -- Emma swivel ' round , a fluid balletic motion , and -- bam ! a kick to the teddy 's stomach . then off balance , Emma hurl he over she shoulder , dart in to pin the teddy to the ground as -- the teddy grab Emma 's leg , fling she off balance . she fall . teddy grab a military sabre from the wall , and woosh ! slice through air at Emma 's head . she duck . the sabre skim she hair . Emma grab another sabre ; the fight be on ! Emma counterattack . slashes with the sabre and the teddy 's head go fly off ! Jesus . the torso stand unsteadily . Emma 's eye widen as : a man 's head emerge from the teddy torso . Emma 's so surprised , he can slug she ... Emma 's out . 102int . steed be jag - night so be steed and the leopard -- both asleep . a little milk dribble down steed 's chin ... 103int . knightsbridge flat - night the man go to the other room . start to take off the rest of he teddy costume . throw clothes into a suitcase . the phone . terrify , the man pick it up ... the voice ... voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) naughty teddy ... man no ! you can not ... voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) ask not for whom the telephone ring , it ring for thee ... man but I have get rid of she . she 's ... voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) go to the window ... to the window . teddy move to the open window . sudden pain . lightning . teddy look up in terror as a purple cloud release another bolt . direct hit . the teddy slump to the ground . soggy , waterlogged , very dead . kinda like the other guy ... 104in other room meanwhile Emma wake up . turn the corner . towards the other room , see dead teddy . read the label on he suitcase ... emma Major d'arcy ... ? 105over her shoulder from the window behind she like a spider on glass appear another " Emma " -- -- let 's call she bad Emma -- come straight for Emma . she make a noise . Emma turn just in time to see . emma well , well . if it be not I ... Emma start towards she double , who hesitates , then turn , leaping out the window ... she wear the same black catsuit . the real Emma rush , follow she " double " clamber outside to rappel up the line to 106ext . rooftop - night Emma look . beneath a starlit sky criss -cross by wire , a rooftop maze of building , flanke by giant gargoyle -- goblin , lion , griffin -- over twinkle light ... Emma search the roof -- no sign , only shadow . then turn a corner to see -- above the city , fairy light on the rooftop of harrod , light by a million bulb ... giant neon sign ... several floor below , Emma see the street . a twinge of vertigo . then she look up , hear a noise -- from : 107behind gargoyle she see she " double " run . Emma give chase . hot pursuit . over rooftop . ' round wire . past neon sign high over the city ... Emma follow . gain on the " double , " who -- pushes faster . gliding between rooftop building . dodging , weaving . but Emma gain more . sleek limb , muscular , perfect body machine , until -- 108emma's Pov as she see she " double " leap over a yawn chasm . and stumble on the other side for a foot . 109 back to scene as Emma 's adrenaline surge . she can not stop , she -- jump ! hang in the air . limb push out for the edge . and only just , she land perfectly , gain , close , until -- 110 on next rooftop Emma gain up close . a final burst of acceleration . then without warning , she " double " -- turn , Emma catch up , and -- wham ! wham ! a kick -- a chop to Emma 's body - double scissorkick -- Emma react swiftly , surge into overdrive -- in a lightning - fast kung fu duel -- crack of bone -- crunch of blows -- a flurry of kick as Emma -- land on she back . the " double " attack . Emma retaliate -- kick up she leg -- fling the " double " over she head she land awkwardly -- a metallic crunch in a blow to she head -- but pick herself up without pause and vanish into the rooftop maze . 111against skyline Emma stand . look . she 's lose she " double . " she stand alone , silhouett against the night sky . caught in the moonlight . above spark of neon . daunting , muscular , poise for action , as -- ear listen to distant noise . swooshing traffic . flutter of bird wing . hum of wind through wire . then a audible SNAP -- 112emma's Pov - high angle above she a spam as a steel cable wire of a aerial be snap . slowly wound tightly ' round , bent back , coiled , ready to spring -- 113back to scene - emma look ' round . see nothing , hear the sound of the whiplash come second before -- through the air -- 114emma's Pov a flash line like a bolt of lightning , but cannot move quickly enough as -- 115 back to scene as a cable wire whip across , coil ' round Emma , lash she tight , crush air from she , as the wire -- sweep Emma off she foot , whiplash she back like a spring , hoist she and dangle she over the city . she look down . a long way . Emma grab hold of the wire , which pull she back . she drop down to the rooftop ... slither down the roof . slip -- 116over ledge Emma hang on with fingertip . overlook city with 100 - foot neon sign above she : 117advertisement for " wonderland weather " with : a repeat loop of a 100 - foot high bikini-clad " Emma " throw head back in holiday fun -- sign : " coming soon -- the natural beauty of wonderland weather . " 118 back to scene Emma hang on , look up , stare at " herself . " the surreal repetition of the loop . overlook the whole city . dizzy , Emma threaten to pass out . just when from -- 119 above her a unseen hand from bad Emma wind down -- another cable for she to hold . it uncoil down past the window , telltale SPARKS flare up as it hit metal -- Emma try to grab for it . miss , then grab hold , and -- a live cable -- a thousand volt surge through she body -- -- a shock , Emma plummet down to -- 120 stripe awning on a lower ledge . she hang precariously . catch she breath . about to redouble she effort . when beside she from a -- 121balcony window a umbrella extend . steed reach out , reel Emma in . they be back in teddy 's flat ... Emma collapse in steed 's arm . he help she up -- hand she a phone . steed for you , Mrs. peel . emma thanks ... ( dry ) I see what you mean about let I do the risk ... hello ? it 's Sir August . sir august ( v.o. ) ( filter ) Mrs. peel ... come quickly . brolly 's be betrayed ! I will tell you everything ... the weather 's get worse and worse ... they be after I ... come for I ... come quickly ! click . emma Sir August ...? ( to steed ) what now ? steed ask mother . sound over : ring-ring . 122int . manor house ( scotland ) - day Sir August grip with terror , stare at the phone . the scotty dog bark . finally , Sir August answer . sir august Mrs. peel -- ? voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) ask not for whom the telephone ring ... sir august no , please ! I beg you ... voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) walk over to the window ... sir august let it be rain , please let it be -- voice ( v.o. ) ( filter ) stay by the window . by the window . mesmerized , Sir August go to the window . look -- Lady June arrive , too late . 123outside a purple cloud of cyclone - force rage towards he . a luminous glow . then a lightning strike . and -- boom ! a explosion blast the window . a wind rush in ... father ( v.o. ) emergency alert ... 124ext . whitehall street - day past obscure imperial statue a tiny micro messerschmidt bubble car tootle down desert street . father ( v.o. ) a cyclone hit banffshire last night . completely unpredict ... 125inside car emma where 's mother ? father mobile hq . in a blue funk . can not take chance . I be look after thing while he 's hide out ... Father drive like a maniac . she sense they unease . father you be probably wonder how I can drive ' blind . ' simple . a new prototype from the boy in X division . micro-sensors in the system read signal and road information . convert the info into mile per hour . ultra-sensitive . ultra-smart . Father jump a red light . car screech together in a huge pile -up . not that smart . steed hold onto he hat . steed we know one thing . that suspect be not Mrs. peel . father so you say ... emma you do not believe he ? father it 's mother you have to convince . he 's very agitate . wait here . Father screech to a halt on Holland Park Avenue steed and Emma get out . Father take off ... emma but steed do not bother . here 's a bus ... a red London number 22 bus drive up . as it arrive , in a conductor 's cap be -- the bodyguard , Brenda . brenda fare , please , 126int . bus - day steed and Emma board the bus . destination : not in service . they pay Brenda , the conductor . go upstairs . 127upstairs be mother 's temporary mobile hq . he squat in a corner . Metal hook on electronic panel . now paranoid . suspicious . all the upper window have be black out . mother welcome to mobile h.q. weather 's turn quite nasty . Sir August be blow to smithereen . along with half of banffshire . the Ministry 's worried . emma he try to warn we ... steed we have a lead to wonderland weather but we get there too late . someone tip they off ... mother too late anyway . today 's escapade be only for starter . this be no ordinary weather . it 's manmade . a kind of weather bomb . steed impossible . emma not quite . this be my field . steed be there anything that be not ? emma ( ignore ) the prospero Project be start by my husband . it be a early attempt to solve the problem of global warming . in theory , climate engineering be entirely feasible . we think of inject a chemical cocktail into the atmosphere by laser and satellite . a ' quick fix ' ... steed fill in mother nature 's blind spot ... ? emma exactly . there would be earlier attempt to pump carbon dioxide into deep sea . propane gas mostly . in small quantity it capture chlorine . protect the ozone layer . but it prove impractical . too bulky ... steed but if someone miniaturized the process ... emma that 's what we be work on . steed sound as if someone 's hijacked you research . mother would it be possible to use it for military purpose ? emma directed by laser . bounced by satellite . quite possible . steed where would they aim for ? mother think , get out of he wheelchair ; take a turn about the bus , sit down again . no one pay any attention . mother London . the World Council of minister meet soon on global defence . if you can control the weather , you control the world . emma after the cold war ... steed the hot and cold war ... sign " Grand open soon . " widen to reveal ... 128ext . wonderland weather office - day steed look around , pick the lock ... hi-tech style ... 129int . wonderland weather office - day a kind of space - age travel agency . steed enter . at the reception desk , the receptionist have she back turn . steed sneak in , move behind a screen , overhear -- a man -- Bailey -- give order to the receptionist bailey New order . the penultimate phase . now fully operational ... steed move away from they , push a set of double door open , arrive inside -- 130int . wonderland office - display - day a long corridor surround by a presentation of -- virtual reality weather : cloud , sunny vista , lush meadow , desert . and slogan : " be natural . Act natural . think natural . the natural beauty of wonderland weather . " steed react ; the model be the same as Emma on the big neon sign near harrod ... steed find a desk . inspect papers . see a postcard of a large stately home . he pocket it . then look ' round to see -- Bailey before he . we recognize he as the young dandy trail steed . neither give away the other . bailey we be not yet open for business , I be afraid . steed shame . I be recommend . by a friend . bailey really ? steed Sir August merryweather ? I be look for something relax . say , a tuscan hillside in June ? bailey normally , we would be eager to oblige -- steed seriously ? bailey of course . Natural weather deliver to you door on demand . down you phoneline . for limited period . steed you do not say . how real do it feel ? bailey as real as you wish . hot or cold . humid or dry . anything you like . within reason . steed there be limit ? bailey the technology be brand new . soon it will be more powerful . we anticipate a huge demand . leave we you number . we will be in touch . steed no need . I will call again . steed raise he bowler . Bailey watch he go . 131ext . wonderland office - STREET - day steed emerge , stare at he postcard -- the stately home and : " headquarters , wonderland weather , Ltd . " as -- emma ( v.o. ) my car . I will drive . 132ext . country road - day Emma 's lotus elan whizhes by ... steed ( v.o. ) a day in the country ... 133int . lotus - day emma Three agent kill by bad weather ... steed ... and by you , Mrs. peel ... emma ( ignore ) then a mad millionaire . head of a secret defense establishment . a group of eccentrics obsessed by weather ... steed ... and by you , Mrs. peel . everything point to you . no sister ? no undiscovered twin ? emma not that I know of . explanation ? steed accord to Dr. darling , you be a psychopathic personality with schizophrenic delusion , suffer from recur amnesia base on traumatic repression , lead to outburst of anti-social and violent behavior . q.e.d . steed let it sink in . Emma look a little hurt . emma be that what you think ? steed oh , well ... ( beat ) just my type , Mrs. peel . 134ext . country lane - several angle - day the Lotus race ' round blind corner . hairpin bend . across a train at a level crossing , which just miss they -- 135int . lotus - day Emma see steed hold on for dear life . she smirk -- steed do you always drive this fast ? emma have I trespasp on a male prerogative ? ( before he reply ) we be be follow . I see he at trubshaw 's ... steed look into the mirror , see a car behind they . pull up , try to catch up . Emma glance in the mirror , and -- emma hold on ... put foot down . zoom . extra acceleration . steed 's head pin back to he seat . Emma 's hair toss in the wind . 136ext . country lane - day the Lotus twist and turn . the car behind always catch up . Emma try to shake it . gear up . Mach force . over crossroad . shake ' round corner , as ... 137bend before Emma push foot down . further acceleration . the car behind struggle to keep up . Emma coast ahead , turn a corner -- and suddenly see in front of she -- 138huge truck crossing directly in they path ! steed turn ! 139emma swerve , plunging the car into a haystack , where it be completely hide as -- 140truck clear in time for the follow car , which keep go . 141on haystack as steed emerge , brush off straw . a old lady on a bicycle with a basket appear ... old lady be you alright , young man ? steed I think so , thank you so much ... a squeal of tire as - the follow car swerve back , stop and Bailey emerge , gun draw as steed and the Old Lady react ... bailey ( relishing ) reach for the sky , pardner . steed raise he hand . old lady oh , dear -- to steed 's surprise , she pull a uzi from she basket and bangbangbangbang -- ! sprays bullet into Bailey , who crumple , gun spin along the tarmac . cute and sweetlook , the Old Lady be unfaze . old lady cocky little bastard . I hope he be a baddy . steed I feel sure of it . old lady I be Alice . mother say you would be on you way . Mrs. peel with you ? steed ( look around ) she be ... they start pull away hay from the haystack ... old lady you with mother or Father ? steed both , actually . old lady good . glad to see they be together at last . they do not get along . promotion . top job . most unfair . quite a fuss at the Ministry . steed ( not pay attention ) you do not say . ( mumble ) like look for a needle in a ... 142inside haystack cough . then Emma , sputtering straw as steed 's face appear . he try to conceal he relief at see she . steed what , Lady disdain ? be you yet breathe ? emma barely . steed you will let I know if you find that queen who 's in need of protection , will not you ? he pull she out . she 's annoyed . 143outside haystack Emma brushes herself off ; pull off a piece of straw . emma ( hold it ruefully ) this must be the last straw . steed ( take one off she back ) here 's the one that break the camel 's back . emma someone do not want we to get to the party . steed I expect we will have to gatecrash . old lady I may be able to help you . 144ext . stately home from postcard - day come to life . steed , Emma and the Old Lady survey ... steed ( check postcard ) wonderland weather Ltd . old lady this way ... 145ext . hallucinogen hall - grotto and maze - day on a lawn , a peacock flare its thousand eye tail . a mechanical click , its eye conceal hide camera , recording Emma , steed and the Old Lady , who have land inside the wall grounds . they move stealthily forward , unaware ... old lady over here ... the Old Lady wave they on . they enter a tunnel into 146maze tall hedge surround steed and Emma and the Old Lady on all side . they follow the path , slope , round , curve , turn into hairpin bend and u-turn . at first intrigue ... then perplex . Emma lead the way , steed follow . the Old Lady slip out of view . steed stop to pick a rise , put it in he lapel . Emma rush ahead . emma aha ... yes ... it 's clear now . a trapezoid shape , dictate by twin diagonal path and a single curving path . a late seventeenth century design , originally for King William of Orange , copy ... ah ... steed see Emma slip ' round a corner . he pursue she . glimpsis she . then lose she . another glimpse . see she through hedge , then seemingly -- thru the other side of the hedge . in two place at once . steed ... Mrs. peel ? I think I be see double again . out of sight , Emma rush on . around she , the hedge grow taller . she seem to grow smaller . Emma begin to realize thing be not what they seem . as she push she way through -- 147from above the maze as a formal patter -n . Three tiny figure dart round . dissolve thru to : 148int . hallucinogen hall - control room - day a pattern on a screen . the line of the maze reformulated as abstract line . steed , Emma and the Old Lady as three flash dot . someone , somewhere be watch they . laughter , then a familiar voice -- voice ( o.s. ) now this be more like it ... 149ext . maze - day steed search for a exit . 150 another part of maze Emma see a statue of a butler . which spring to life . summon Emma . she follow down a path strewn with leave . as Emma step on the leave , she -- Falls down -- a giant rabbit hole . 151int . rabbit hole Emma spin through darkness , like Alice in wonderland ... emma steed ... ! steed ( v.o. ) Mrs. peel ... ? 152ext . maze - day the identical face of Emma on a marble statue , as -- steed study the classical statue ... steed Mrs. peel ... ? steed hear a noise , turn to see -- Emma walk towards he . she pick the rise from he lapel , slowly coil a arm around he neck . pull steed towards she , close she eye -- kiss he full a the mouth . steed Mrs. peel ... ! ( more kiss ) Mrs. peel ... the kiss end . steed recover he composure , lip coat with she lipstick . his tongue trace he lip ; smart ... steed you lipstick ... poison . he go dizzy . steed collapse to the ground . 153int . hallucinogen hall - day Inside the house , a grand hall . desert . a cobweb hang from ceiling . a velvet curtain tatter and tear . Emma . a cuckoo clock ring the hour . ahead , the real Emma see -- a giant staircase . there on the stair -- a glass eye . she pick it up . put it in a pocket . Emma go -- 154upstairs see a series of family portrait a the staircase . one of herself in ornate aristocratic regalia . 155long corridor upstair room on either side . Emma go down the hall , push door . 156inside room a mad child 's collection of ... toy ... rock horse ... train set ... ventriloquist ' dummy ... and ... butterfly ... scarab ... beetle ... glass eye , stare at she from the blackness ... then Emma turn into a whole room of ... snow shaker ... a wall of they in glass cabinet like insect specimen or fossil . Emma pick up one snow scene . she shake it . 157ext . house as if in response , a storm gather . shadowy cloud roll in . 158in maze a drop of rain start to fall . steed 's eye flicker open . steed ( be : rain ) not again . he rise , look down , react -- Alice , the Old Lady , lie near he in the maze , she neck snap ... steed kneel , next to she in the rain old lady it 's a trap . tell mother , beware . tell Father . she die in he arm . wind pick up , too . steed look about , frown with discouragement -- 159int . hallucinogen hall playroom - day thunder and lightning outside . Inside the room of snow shaker , a childhood tune plays . Emma shake the snow scene . the weather seem to grow darker . 160 from behind Emma hear the unmistakable chill voice : voice ( v.o. ) I would not shake that too hard . the weather might turn nasty . from the shadow ... a man . a silhouette . behind a distorting lens . his shape and face unclear . Emma put down the shaker . emma quite a collection . voice ( v.o. ) if nature give a man a collector 's mind , it do not matter what he collect . butterfly . Old China . penny farthing . a true collector grow more obsessive as the year pass . outside the big window the weather be turn nasty ... emma you voice -- it 's so familiar ... voice ( v.o. ) we have meet ... from the shadow , a man move out , revealing : Peter peel , Emma 's husband ! thunder . emma Peter ... ? instinctively Emma move towards he . a long pause . emma I must be dream ... Emma pull back . before she can turn , Peter take she hand , place it over he heart . BA - boom , BA - boom , BA - boom ... peter listen ... very much alive . Peter touch she hand . Emma look into he eye . intrigue but alarmed , disbelief . Peter raise she hand to he lip . peter darling , it 's I ... Emma shudder , battle with herself . emma Peter ... Emma be tempt , yet fill with terror . 161closeup - emma's eye Inside she pupil -- flash cut to : 162memory flash his face as he kiss she -- he ring on she finger - the visor crack -- the glass obscure he face . 163back to scene emma impossible ... how ? Peter smile disarmingly . as if the answer be obvious . peter for you ... all for you ... Peter come over , fold she in he arm . take she head between he hand . Emma lean over to he , about to kiss he , both close they eye , until -- lip parte . before they kiss , Emma pull back -- peter do not be afraid , darling . she turn , run to the door . like a trap bird . she try the door -- lock . another door -- lock . a window -- lock . peter do not run away . I forgive you , Emma . I know you leave I . but I still love you . do you still have my ring ? I need it . Peter grab hold of Emma . she pull away . Emma see he face before she , plead with she . seductive yet nightmarish . as if hallucinate , Emma run away , towards -- the big window overlook the garden . she run , leap , and in slow motion -- crashes through the glass , shard and splinter shatter all 'round she , as she -- 164ext . hallucinogen hall - window - day somersault through the window down to the ground . land with a thud on the wet ground . look up to see -- steed above she , the STORM raging . emma steed ! she struggle to she foot , come towards he , upset . steed oh , no . first time , shame on you . third time , shame on I . he slug she and the screen goe black . dr . darling ( v.o. ) diagnosis confirm . Mrs. peel be suffer from delusion and hallucination . a extreme personality disorder . she imagine she husband Peter peel have come back to she ... close on Emma 's face . dr . darling ( v.o. ) a classic syndrome , to overcome she subconscious guilt at she other crime . we have attach she to the dreamscape machine . we will soon see what she unconscious look like ... Emma 's eye flicker ... steed come into focus , sit by Emma 's bed . this time he 's eat she grape ... Emma look around ... everything blur . a steady pulse drone . tug at leather strap . no use . widen to reveal Emma strapped to a special couch -- her head surround by a plastic dome , terminal and wire lead out into a dreamscape machine . drowsy , disorient . emma where be I ? steed the winslow Home for retired lepidoptorist . I be so sorry I strike you , Mrs. peel . please forgive I . I think you be someone else ... emma be I ? steed ( no smile ) I expect that 's for you to know and I to find out ... emma it be Peter -- I see he ... drugged , Emma 's eye drop . focus change to -- 165above her a giant spiral hypnodisc whirr , create trippy black and white zig zag op - art effect a la Bridget riley . she blink . dissolve to : 166same scene - later steed be go . Dr. darling lean over she . Emma stare at the hypnodisc . close she eye . 167extreme closeup on her eye thousand rem per sec -- a tiny chip next to she eye , transmit out via wire to -- 168up on wall a " dreamscape " apparatus like a liquid tv screen flick through random image from Emma 's unconscious . Peter peel -- teddy bear -- post card view -- childhood snap -- 169 beside " bed " Dr. darling furl he hand over Emma 's , he finger rest upon she ring . during the interrogation , he soothingly stroke she hand -- try to remove the ring without arouse she suspicion . pull gently on it . 170 up in gallery in he wheelchair , mother sit beside steed . mother this man -- do you see he ? steed no . her husband , she say . Alice try to warn we . a trap . tell mother beware . tell Father that 's all . 171by couch Dr. darling lean forward to interrogate Emma . 172from her Pov he look and sound sinister . from a corner of she eye , she see -- a clip of key hang from he pocket . 173back to scene dr . darling I want you to say the first thing that come into you head when I say this word . do you understand ... ? ( as she nod ) Blue ... emma ... bottle ... dr . darling Red ... emma ... head ... dr . darling White ... emma knight ... dr . darling Black ... emma ... death ... dr . darling Love ... emma ... death ... steed watch , listen ... dr . darling flower ... emma ... power ... the exchange speed up . unknown to Dr. darling , Emma pick he key ; unlock she strap . dr . darling nature ... emma ... preserve ... dr . darling secret ... emma ... love ... dr . darling hope ... emma ... love ... dr . darling fear ... emma ... love ... dr . darling Peter ... as Emma talk , the " dreamscape " pluck image from she unconscious in trippy psychedelic rush : face -- color -- pattern flash past . emma ... piper pick a peck of pickle pepper how many peck of pickle pepper do Peter peel -- ? 174closeup - emma quietly unclick a lock . she stop in mid-gabble . emma how long have I be here ? dr . darling Three day . Emma unlock she strap . sit up. woozy . emma do you get pay by the hour ? Dr. darling be shocked , indignant . Emma rip wire from she body . the " dreamscape " machine wind down . up in the gallery -- bam -- ! mother bashes he metal cane on the railing mother ( filter ) you be here under observation , Mrs. peel . you must answer Dr. darling 's question pushes Dr. darling aside . emma I resign . mother ( filter ) you need treatment , Mrs. peel . you can not resign . emma watch I . Emma stagger . mother look at steed . who snap himself out of stare at the hypnodisc . Emma head for the airlock door mark : " anti - gravity chamber -- no admittance " mother do not open that , Mrs. peel ! fat chance ... she go in ... 175int . anti - gravity chamber Emma float in the air , as mother , Dr. darling and steed all follow . and float helplessly , turn around madly . try to gain on Emma . mother 's wheelchair , steed 's umbrella and bowler , all tumble through the air as steed try to reach the " off " switch emma ( echoing ) what be you try to do to I ? mother ( flail ) we want to help ...! emma I think I be a widow . my husband ... the only man I ever love ... be dead . for the rest of my life I have to live with that . mother the death of Peter peel be a great loss . to we all ... emma to you ... ? mother look at Emma . he 's let the cat out the bag . steed find the " off " switch . they all tumble to the floor , mother landing perfectly in he wheelchair , steed effortlessly catch he hat and umbrella . he move to mother - - steed I think you owe Mrs. peel a explanation ... steed stare mother out . who deliver he revelation . mother Peter peel be a first class agent . a senior operative . ' X ' department special operation . he be engage in top secret research . top priority . government approve . emma the Institute ... the funding ... mother a cover ... for us. ( beat ) I be sorry ... a turn moment for Emma . a life live on a lie . emma so all that time . we work , we research be for you ... for this ? and the accident -- darling it be no accident . emma the official investigation ... mother ... be write by I . ( beat ) it be sabotage , Mrs. peel . deadly serious , Emma walk over to he . emma who ? mother quite frankly ... it could have be you . silence . Emma look away , shocked . steed intervene steed you be accuse Mrs. peel of kill she own husband ? mother her husband suspect someone very close to the operation . on the day he die , he be set a test . to prove to himself -- to we that he wife be beyond suspicion . he have to be certain . he say he be go to give Mrs. peel something ... Emma keep stare at mother , finger she diamond ring . mother ... I want you to remember . do Peter give you anything on - that day ? 176closeup - emma touch she ring . 177back to scene Emma look up at mother . a bareface lie . emma no. steed notice Emma touch she ring nervously . dr . darling he say if it vanish , he would know it be ... you who betrayed he . he take a huge risk . the ultimate test . emma so I be still ... mother under suspicion . everyone die in the explosion , Mrs. peel . you be the only survivor ... mother wait . Emma turn round . look fiercely at he . mother shift uneasily as Emma walk past he to the airlock . mother this be a official matter , Mrs. peel . no need to take it personally . where be you go ? emma to find out who kill my husband . mother the door and wall be monitor , Mrs. peel . this be a very secure establishment . emma so be i. Emma push open the door . walk out . down a corridor . Dr. darling grab mother , as he exit with steed -- dr . darling she must remain here . she 's highly dangerous . 178in hall - continuous action mother exit with steed ; they watch Emma go ... mother pity . I be grow fond of Mrs. peel . unfortunately -- steed guilty until prove innocent ? mother mother and Father know best . mother wheel himself off . then stop ; over he shoulder : mother something quick . nothing too ... messy . on steed . car roar over as -- 179ext . countryside clinic - day Emma drive a hot-wire Morris minor out the open gate of the manor house , past a sign which read : " winslow home for retired lepidoptorist " ( Butterfly logo ) in the b.g. , a couple of old - timer race around with butterfly net as steed 's jag pull past they in hot pursuit . 180ext . countryside - day Emma speed down lane ... follow at a safe distance by steed in he ss100 . 181int . steed be jag - day steed look : a bleep on he radar screen track the -- 182closeup - concealed micro - bug - intercut on Emma 's shoulder as she drive ... 183ext . lane - day the car whiz past ... 184int . steed be jag - day keeping a eye on he radar and the road , steed switch on the radio . the weather forecast : radio announcer ( v.o. ) ( filter ) '... sunny interval lead to sudden storm and gale warning for all area . ( as he frown ) ... outburst of rain , scattered hailstorm and freezing fog greet the World Council of minister as they arrive in London for they conference ... ' Emma drive into a churchyard . steed follow she ... 185int . country church - day a medieval country church . sunlight stream through stain glass , illumine Emma as steed watch she lay -- a red rise by a altar tomb : a ornate mausoleum two hand clasped in a pose of eternal sleep : Peter peel . Emma pause , as in the b.g. , choirboy sing hymn practice . steed watch Emma move away , toward the door . he drop a hymn book . Emma swivel round -- see steed . emma you follow I . steed order . emma to kill I ? steed ( fractional pause ) nothing personal . Emma smile . then turn , and -- run ! steed follow Emma through a door to -- 186int . church bell tower - day steed enter , glimpsis -- Emma above . he follow she . hear she footstep . trip - trapping up the spiral staircase . steed listen , follow . 187up belltower from below , steed hear a bell ring . a flutter of bird . as debris fall down -- steed run up stair , reach -- 188ext . belltower top - day bell still ringing . at the top , a sheer drop . steed edge closer to the ledge . look . a long way down . from behind -- emma a long way down . steed swivel . see Emma block he path . cool menace . steed step away from the edge , Emma circle he . steed careful . you might fall . Emma step to the edge . steed freeze . Emma lock down . foot rest on the ledge . rocking to and for ... emma I could save you the trouble . steed no trouble . emma because you always obey order ... steed always . ( pause ) except ... steed near she . Emma push herself right to the edge . emma yes ... ? steed ... when I do not . it come down to one thing , Mrs. peel . trust . steed reach out for she . hold out he hand . emma and do you trust I ? steed I could be convinced , if ... I know who poison I in the maze . that kiss ... emma it be not I ; you have my word . steed snatch she from the edge , hold she in he arm . steed I need proof . Emma think . look at he . deadly serious . they eye lock . she hesitates , then peck he on the cheek . steed it be longer . on the lip . Emma hesitates . then a kiss on the lip . long . but not much . steed grab she hand , pull she back . steed much longer . approximately ... fifteen second . Emma harumph , exasperate . move closer to he . emma ... ready ? steed nod . Emma lean forward . a full kiss . at first reticent ... Emma look at she watch . count second ... emma ... four ... seven ... no - ... then ... forget . warmer , more relenting . edging towards passionate . they stay embrace for fifteen second ... emma ( arouse ) mmm ... what be you do ? steed keeping a stiff upper lip ? emma be that all ? the kiss continue couple of second longer . before Emma withdraw . with a effort , she regains she composure . a long silence . emma so I be in the clear ? steed savor the kiss . no reply . his smile say it all . emma but you do suspect I . steed not for a moment . emma you be play game . steed be not we all , Mrs. peel ? emma I think you play by the rule . steed I think you do not . emma I be play to win . steed win be not everything . emma please do not tell I it 's how you play the game . steed ( smile ; stand aside ) after you -- Mrs. peel ... steed motion down the stair . it 's close to the edge . emma no , after you . steed ( back to square one ) you do not trust I ? emma as far as you trust I . Emma motion . steed go down , pass close to the edge , and swivel round nervously . Emma read he thought . emma when it happen , steed , you will be the first to know ... with this comforting think , steed descend first . 189ext . church tower - day as steed and Emma exit from the tower , they see -- a tranquil village scene . choirboy walk out from the church . nearby in the desert village street . a red phone BOX . which ... ring-ring ... start to ring . emma who could that be ? a roll of thunder . steed look up : a clear sky . he 's puzzle . suddenly suspicious . as Emma move to the phone . steed no -- do not answer it ... he pull she back . Emma look at he . steed that 's it . the phone trigger the explosion -- ring-ring ... another roll of thunder . steed connect the two as -- a angelic choirboy walk towards the phone ... ring-ring ... a louder roll of thunder . as the choirboy near the phone , steed shout -- steed do not -- do not answer it -- ! 190closeup - phone ring-ring -- the phone in the f.g. as the choirboy close in , open the door -- 191inside phone BOX the door shut . noise muffle . the choirboy can not hear steed and Emma 's shout warning , as he lift he hand up , and -- 192outside steed see he reach out , warn the vicar and choirboy . steed get down -- get down -- it 's go to explode -- ! steed and Emma , all the choirboy hit the dirt , as 193inside phone BOX the choirboy grab the phone , and lift it up , and silence . no explosion . a few second pass . steed and everyone be down on the ground . as they see -- 194from phone BOX -- the choirboy leave the phone hang . he get out , scan the crowd . then walk calmly over to steed , who 's still prone . choirboy it 's you mother . the vicar and choirboy look on sympathetically , as -- steed dust himself off . Emma and everyone get up . steed go to the phone box , take the call . steed mother ? how do you find I ? his expression change as he listen . Emma go to the phone box as steed ring off . he emerge from the box . steed I tell mother I take care of you . emma you lie . steed I equivocate . but you be not they big worry at present . it 's Dr. darling : he 's disappear ... off Emma 's reaction to this news -- 195int . hallucinogen hall - day Inside the upper room , in front of a mirror -- with he back turn to we . Dr. darling hold something in he hand , and wait as -- 196down long hall bad " Emma " walk over . she stand in front of he . blank expression . Dr. darling hardly even look up . with she hair up , we recognize on she neck a tattoo : Z424 . dr . darling we be in the final phase . I shall require you to be especially obedient . there must be no failure . 197closeup - in he hand - snowshaker which he grip tightly . as -- 198in mirror a metamorphosis . his feature melt and bubble , a mask of plastic surgery and it 's slip around like Michael Jackson 's face under kleig light . he adjust it , then ... shake the snowshaker ... 199ext . countryside - day thunder as the sky darken -- pan down to reveal : steed 's jag , zoom through country lane . rain start . 200int . jag - day steed drive , wince with the drizzle . steed drat . someone want to implicate you in this affair , Mrs. peel . any idea who ? emma no idea who . no idea why ... steed ( think ) teddy bear , cuckoo clock , toy all child 's thing ... emma ... or grow -up , who still like to be child . steed quite . any childhood friend ? enemy ? emma not to speak of . Peter and I be both loner . there be nobody . steed think ; sigh . steed very well . I have a friend who might be of assistance . he 's at the Ministry . we would better be careful . emma I be a want woman , I know ... 201int . ministry corridor - day through a door mark " information & counter espionage " -- -- walk steed with another man in identical clothes : dapper savile row suit , umbrella and bowler . which be Emma peel , in disguise . steed furtively check passer - by . steed his name 's Jones . ' invisible ' Jones . emma why 's he call ' invisible ' ? steed you will find out . at a door mark " information -- Col. i. Jones . " steed knock , open the door for she . emma be not you come ? steed I will catch you up . do not worry ; he 's expect you . Emma go in as steed walk down the corridor . 202int . ministry office - day a room full of archive and file . Emma walk through tall corridor , stack of cabinet full of old paper . dusty , musty and mildew . Long forget . nobody there . suddenly Emma hear -- footstep . she follow they . round stack , round corner . the footstep get louder . she 's close in . the footstep get louder , until up ahead of she -- a filing cabinet drawer open up . on its own . Emma watch as a file pop up , float through air . the drawer slam shut . still nobody there . Emma follow the file to a -- desk . Emma watch as -- the chair swivel round . the file page open up . then the phone lift up by itself , a voice : invisible jone ( v.o. ) tell miss proudfoot , no call . ( beat ) Colonel Jones at you service , Mrs. peel . just a moment -- Emma look ahead of she . to the chair . as -- a desk drawer open up , a pipe be whisk through the air , a match be strike . the pipe light ; smoke belch forth . invisible jone ( v.o. ) talk to the pipe , Mrs. peel . that usually help . do not worry about I be invisible . other than that I be perfectly normal . emma I see . invisible jone ( v.o . ) or rather , you do not . learnt the trick in camouflage . till this accident make a prang of thing . how can I help you , Mrs. peel ? 203int . ministry - another office steed on the phone . steed I say , trubshaw , steed here ... barometer 's fall fast . Mrs. peel and I find ourselves in need of foul weather gear . ( beat ) yes , I would say gentleman 's snuff for starter . and then -- 204int . invisible jone ' office file page flip through the air as Jones go through they . invisible jone ( v.o. ) ah , here we be . steed ask I to play a hunch : Valentine peel . emma Peter 's brother ? but -- invisible jone ( v.o. ) half - brother to be precise . Emma be surprised . invisible jone ( v.o. ) now let 's see ... eton , Cambridge ... research into robotics and plastic . overtaken by Peter 's work on the physics of climate change ... emma I know all this . invisible jone ( v.o. ) do you also know that during you final experiment , you halfbrother - in - law be under surveillance ? emma surveillance ? by whom ? invisible jone ( v.o. ) Father . she give he a ' all clear ' after a security test by Dr. darling . emma who 's now vanish . invisible jone ( v.o. ) make two of we . emma be you suggest that Dr. darling and Valentine be somehow in this together ? but that 's absurd . steed enter behind they on the run -- steed we must hurry , Mrs. peel ... emma hurry ? what for ? I be just now -- steed you do not tell she ? invisible jone ( v.o. ) ( testy ) I be get to it . emma get to what ? invisible jone ( v.o. ) the World Council of minister meet tomorrow to convene the new global defense initiative -- emma I fail to see -- steed there 's a reception this evening . Colonel Jones think it advisable we attend . emma have we be invite ? invisible jone ( v.o. ) ( poker-voice ) under the circumstance mother do not see fit , but I think I can get you in ... emma ( survey she male outfit ) well , I can not possibly go like this . steed I have a feel . that 's why we be in a hurry ... steed proffer a arm to Emma . steed May I have the honor , Mrs. peel ? she decide , take he arm . emma you may , Mr. steed . the a-team be bear . steed and Emma tip they hat to Jones . 205ext . london street - several angle - night troops rush in to take up defense position . searchlight pierce the cloudy sky . a protective ring of hardware surround the hall . 206int . mother' 22 bus ( aka inside mobile hq ) - night at the control , Brenda look on . she hand a bag of jelly baby to mother . who pick out he favorite , as he give a briefing to Father and other , sit in passenger seat -- order barked outside as -- mother Inside that hall be some of the most powerful figure in the world . tight security . we only option . father I will see to it personally . Brenda glance over at Father 's imperturbable face . as -- 207ext . palace ( westminster ) - night wind pick up . outside the grand palace hall for the reception of the World Council of minister , guard stand on duty . barrier , flash light . nobody get past , except -- 208int . palace ( westminster ) - night up in the gallery , steed and Emma enter through a secret passage behind a painting . he with bowler and umbrella . she in black leather and boot . they find themselves in a niche and freeze , very close to one another . steed sniff 's ... steed what 's that you be wear ? emma it 's call Black leather . steed intoxicate . here , have one of this . he fumble with a bulg jacket pocket emma what be it ? steed limpet bomb . small , very compact . from trubshaw 's . emma ( hock it on belt ) when all this be over , we simply must get you out of that suit . steed you first . emma shall we ? she lead the way through marble hall , arched gallery , red velvet carpet , glitter chandelier . from the hall , a speech echoes : minister ( v.o. ) ... in the uncertain climate that threaten this global initiative , no magic umbrella can shield we . steed check out he own . minister ( v.o. ) only we own vigilance . Security and stability be we watchword . applause . steed pause , offer Emma a small silver box . Inside ... emma trubshaw again ? what now ? steed snuff. ( off Emma 's lock ) I must insist you try some . steed take some ; Emma follow he example . weird . do it make you high ? they walk on , open door to -- 209int . palace hallway - night a empty gallery . steed and Emma peer down at a -- 210marble hallway a black and white floor . butler move across like surreal chess piece . otherwise , empty . a chamber ensemble play " the merry widow " waltz , which float through empty hall . steed they be play you song , Mrs. peel . emma ( annoyed ) ' the merry widow ? ' I might have know . where 's the reception ? they move cautiously forward as 211ext . london street - night outside , snow begin to fall . tree and building shimmer under a light layer of white . a christmassy glow -- even troops play with snowflake , until -- 212several angle the wind rise . the snow fall harder . 213int . palace - night down in the hallway , steed and Emma search for the minister . they head down a corridor , then hear a noise . they hide behind piller . as -- butler walk past in military file , carry elaborate display of lobster and meat . steed steal -- a chicken leg . nibbles on it . suddenly another door open -- Emma hide . steed look up to see -- Father " stare " at he . steed oh , hello ... father we want Mrs. peel . steed Dead , I be afraid . Emma in hide , listen as -- father ( o.s. ) you disobey a order , steed . Mrs. peel be dangerous ; she can not be trust . Emma look out the window behind she ; eye widen ... back to -- steed ( o.s. ) I think she can . ( beat ) can you ? Emma be deeply affect by steed 's choice . Father 's face , meantime , have turn to stone . father I shall summon security . she turn , almost walk into the door as she slip away . Emma return as the alarm be raise -- steed bad news . Father 's look for you . where be that bloody minister ? emma have a look at this . she lead he to the window : sure enough -- heavy snow . steed react , eye wide . steed it 's almost May , for heaven sake . 214ext . london street - night the blizzard rage through street -- now impassable . snow drift block road . White mountain of snow start to climb up shop front . and amid the sky -- fill with snowflake , up round the roof , a purple cloud descend on unsuspecting troops -- 215int . palace - night steed return , rush across the marble hall -- to Emma . but up ahead , see -- 216steed be Pov - from window a purple fog seeping into the hallway , billow through the corridor as -- 217int . palace anteroom - night Inside a anteroom , like a Roman arena -- marble pillar , red carpet , golden wall , ceiling mural -- the World Council minister assemble : slick pin-stripe suit or African robe , chinese mao-suit , indian Nehru -jacket , all distinguished man and woman , surround by -- fuss official , minor dignitary , and butler , bow and weaving a web of diplomatic protocol , interrupt by -- 218center of hall the sight of Emma peel in black leather . she stride into the room . pick a glass of champagne from a pass butler . all stare , Emma raise she glass -- emma gentlemen , lady . forgive the breach of protocol . a emergency -- from the hallway -- boom -- ! the door burst open , Emma be blow over by the blast as the purple cloud race inside . 219several angle as the smoke furl around the minister , they choke , fall . from the door -- steed leap in , give Emma another snort of snuff -- steed Quick -- it will protect you -- Emma inhale . now immune to the gas , steed and Emma hear -- crash -- ! they see -- through thick cloud -a mysterious man in a white lab coat , wear a gas mask , lead a group of butler , all in gas mask -- head like black fly -- in formation round the minister , helpless on the floor . a kidnap -- the man and butler haul away several minister , and -- escape from the rear door . the butler form a guard to protect the man . steed and Emma run after they . more butler pursue . 220ext . palace - night as troops roll helplessly in the snow - cover purple haze , the butler load the minister onto wait chopper as -- 221int . mother be hq - continuous action mother , Brenda , et al choke on purple smoke in the bus ... 222int . palace hallway - night behind pillar , steed and Emma hide as -- butler in gas mask patrol the hall . a butler pass they without notice . they try to emerge . but another patrol -- steed trip the butler with he umbrella , then chop he down on the ground . he rise but Emma kick he into as -- behind they steed see the lab-coate man escape up the stair , protect by a posse of butler . he shout -- steed after he , Mrs. peel ! a whole posse of butler then advance . steed face they . steed go -- ! Emma hesitates . then turn , head for a ornate dual shaft elevator . she bang the button , get inside , door shut , as the bullet from machine - gunning gas-mask butler strike the brass door as -- steed whip he rapier from he umbrella and duel with the butler . to give Emma time , he use every trick and prop at he disposal , plus , brute force to -- kick , chop , punch , and impale they into submission , as -- 223ext . elevator ( upper floors ) - continuous action the posse of butler fan out on to keep pace with Emma . they head upstairs , press elevator " call " button on every floor , as -- 224inside elevator Emma wait inside . until she reach -- 225ext . elevator ( 2nd floor ) - continuous action Doors open . a hail of bullet hit the lift as Emma hide to one side until the door close . 226int . elevator - continuous action Emma sigh with relief . cool hum as the elevator rise . 227on stair - meanwhile steed gain on the butler , head for the stair , as -- 228int . elevator - continuous action at the next floor , the door open -- two butler rush inside . blam -- ! Emma cut one in the throat with a elbow punch , then -- punch -- kick -- stab the other butler , a more brutish type , who recover enough to grab Emma by the throat . she choke , break he stranglehold , swerve he round , gain a nelson hold on he arm and throat -- and a knee in he back in time for -- ping ! the bell ring at -- 3rd floor where -- Emma spin she captive butler round , in time to face -- whooomph ! a blast of fire from -- a flamethrower launch in the hall . aaargh -- ! the butler get fry , but -- 229ext . elevator ( 3rd floor ) - continuous action shield Emma from the worst of the blast . she hurl he clear of the door , which -- 230int . elevator - continuo action slam shut . cool hum ... 231ext . palace MAIN floor - continuous action steed continue he one - sided duel with the other butler , skewer madly , try to get upstairs to help Emma ... 232int . elevator - continuous action up Emma go . look for a escape route . Bangs on the wall . no trap door . no secret panel . the " floor " light flicker between floor . wait , until ... 233ext . elevator ( 4th floor ) - continuous action the door open . a grenade be hurl inside the door , it roll to one corner , Emma dive to the other side , then -- scramble for the grenade . pick it up . it slip out of she hand . scramble more . it slip out ... just beyond the elevator door . which start to shut . Emma lean out a foot , kick the grenade towards the butler , and -- as she elevator door close -- boom -- ! it explode among the butler , one of whom -- rushes to -- 234elevator ( 5 th floor ) - continuous action where he wait for the elevator . remove pin . grenade ready . the light ping . Doors open . about to throw it inside , when -- 235 butler' Pov no Emma . 236 back to scene the butler hesitates . look inside . still no Emma ? he wonder what to do , and -- the door shut ; he jam he foot . the door open again . he move in - - 237int . elevator - continuous action -- and look round . nobody there . until , as we -- pull back up to reveal -- from above , spread -eagle like a X on the elevator roof , limb flex against the wall be -- Emma , who -- drop down and -- scissor the butler 's head between she leg . the grenade roll free ... Emma twist around , grab he ear , and -- sit on he face . bury he head in she crotch . a muffle sound from the guy , until -- Emma scissor kick , break he neck . she drag -- 238ext . elevator ( 67h floor ) - continuous action his head out . leave he neck between the door . so as she leap out , head up for the stair , the elevator door . slam ! and -- boom ! his grenade rock the elevator , which 239int . elevator shaft - above and below - continuous action break from its rope , and -- plummet down the elevator shaft , shaking the building as it crash -- 240int . palace stair - continuous action everything shake with the impact of the elevator as steed battle he way up , step by step , throw gas-mask butler over he shoulder as he struggle ... 241int . palace attic - night up the wind staircase , at the top , a skylight , which -- flip open . the man leap out , throw back inside a smoke grenade , and lock the skylight . as the grenade -- 242int . narrow staircase boom ! explode in the narrow staircase , fill it with purple smoke . Emma rush through smoke , choke . she get to the skylight , try to open it -- lock . a moment 's panic . then Emma -- punch a hole in the glass , flick the switch , flip the skylight up , and -- emerge into the night air . snowflake tumble around she . 243ext . rooftop - helipad - night blade whirling . amid the blizzard , the man ready to escape in a super - fab streamline whirly chopper ... another assassin attack Emma , pin she on she back , overlook the city . stands up before she -- Emma hold back over gargoyle , over now snow white city ... knee assassin in ball . flick he backwards ... as he body hurtle down into the snow - cover street , Emma rush forward . but too late : see -- the chopper -- about to take off . 244from inside chopper the gas -mask man in the white lab coat : man Goodbye , Mrs. peel ! 245ext . rooftop the chopper rise slowly . Emma look . a fifteen foot leap ... impossible . 246from inside chopper a farewell wave from the gas-mask man . 247closeup - emma contemplate the jump , beneath fall snowflake , as the distance grow . 248emma's Pov the rope / chain ladder coil into the chopper 's belly . 249int . chopper - night above London rooftop , after dark -- the man ( still wear gas mask ) the Pilot , CO - pilot and a butler ( ditto ) . from the chopper , a giddy look down through a glass command module . a fairy tale , snow white city . over the radio , interference . a change of station . then a crackly broadcast of " the merry widow . " as the waltz serenade they high above the city -- a knocking from outside on the door -- surprise reaction . the butler open the door , see -- Emma hang onto the helicopter strut . the butler be too dumbstruck to say anything . emma ( shout , be : the gas mask ) anyone ever tell you you look like a housefly ? Emma grab he epauletted shoulder , yank he up , flick he out -- the butler be jerk out -- fly into the open air . Emma watch he fall ... emma anyone else need a lift ? the white - coat man move forward , but Emma be out , slamm the door , still cling ... man ( to Pilot ; intercom ) can not you throw she off ? the Pilot nod , work control , the chopper dip as -- blam -- ! a kinky leather boot crash -- into the Pilot 's face as Emma kick in the glass from the front of the chopper , smashes so the pilot can not see -- a sudden rush of cold air - - the instrument panel whirr round as the pilot struggle for control -- voice ( v.o. ) ( intercom ) where would she go ? 250ext . chopper top - continuous action - night with the blade whirling directly over she head , Emma crawl over the top of the chopper and let herself down the other side as London 's light twinkle beneath ... as the co-pilot poke he head out of the cockpit -- Emma grab he with one hand , hoist he up into the air -- the co- Pilot dangle over the city . grab Emma . slither back onto the cockpit . pistol whip she . Emma crunch back onto the metal . blade whirring close ! the co - Pilot peer into she eye from inside the gas mask -- CO - pilot happy landing , Mrs. peel . he raise he hand , ready to hit she again , Emma yank he up , where he head getsslice off by the blade -- body and head fall away separately ... as Emma react , she leg be grab from below and the white - coat man pull she down the side of the chopper -- Emma fall , but manage a fly handhold , hang onto the chain wire below the chopper . as -- 251ext . wide angle - night the Pilot and he passenger zoom at low level over building . try to dislodge Emma ... 252their Pov thru the blizzard , zoom down street , landmark building loom up top in snow , foot up ... shinnying up the chain wire ... " the merry widow waltz , " no longer hear as old record or ensemble arrangement but enormous , for full orchestra ... 253closeup - emma grimly hoist herself up along the strut again , hand over hand , come up to the cockpit from behind -- 254 back to scene with a sudden movement , she yank the Pilot out from behind and he go fly towards eternity on he own . the chopper out of control as the white - coat man be leave to fly it himself ... 255in night AIR " the merry widow " boom , the chopper lurch , spin round -- up and down , over spiraling corkscrews , a insane waltz ... 256int . chopper - continuous action - night the white - coat man get control ... 257ext . chopper - continuous action - night Zig-zag down a narrow street , try to smash Emma into side of window . 258several angle as Emma bounce of building , hold on for dear life ... 259ext . wide angle over thame - continuous action - night the chopper dip down , drag Emma through icy water ... up ahead ... Tower Bridge ... twin peak ... a firework display go on ... rocket and light in the sky through snowflake ... Emma see the bridge come , reach down and -- 260closeup shot detaches she pocket limpet bomb and lob it into the chopper cockpit . 261her Pov the bridge loom up , chopper rise to cross it as Emma leap onto the bridge ! 262int . chopper - continuous action - night the man see the bomb ... also fling himself onto the bridge as -- against b.g. of the firework display -- 263wide angle - tower bridge - continuous action - night boom ! -- the chopper explode . Ball of flame . the crowd roar in appreciation ... great firework ! 264ext . top of tower bridge walkway - continuous action - night Emma pick herself up , see the man in the white lab coat and run for he . he run too -- towards -- 265another chopper which unload a rope ladder as Emma put on every ounce of steam ... the man reach for the dangle ladder -- but -- 266closeup - on he foot stick , wedge between narrow battlement . 267back to scene the man look at he shoe , at Emma charge towards he , at the rope ladder . he pull he foot out of he shoe and grab the ladder , sailing off in the second chopper , leave Emma panting behind . she 's soak , freeze , gasp for breath , bend over , when she see -- 268closeup - shoe Emma pull it from its wedge , look at the inside : -- " trubshaw 's of jermyn Street . " steed ( v.o. ) I think it be cinderella who lose she slipper ... 269int . trubshaw be - dawn on jermyn Street , snow lie waist high . blaring siren . searchlight . PA announcement urge citizen to stay indoors ... pull back to reveal a fire glow , a clock tick calmly . Emma sit with she shoe , surround by a pile of shoe . steed & trubshaw beside she . emma this time the shoe 's on the other foot . you say a hand - make shoe be as good as a photo - fit or d.n.a .? well , all we have to do be find the shoe that fit ... trubshaw it should be easy . a trubshaw client have he shoe deliver personally . the Ministry should be able to confirm we delivery . steed I will be back ... emma where be you go ? steed laying in supplies , Mrs. peel weather may get very nasty and I have no umbrella ... emma you need not bother . I can not drag you further into this . after all , I be still the chief suspect . steed no bother . mother and Father think I have join you . I might as well . emma but -- steed ( come back ) oh , and by the way , I think it 's about time you get rid of that chip on you shoulder . emma if you would be through what I have , you would not -- steed reach and pull off the micro- bug from she shoulder . steed a microtag . one of mother 's little toy . there you be . free at last . he tip he bowler off she surprised reaction . 270int . trubshaw's basement - continuous action a armory . steed stand before rack of umbrella , display like ceremonial sword -- ivory handle , duck handle , you name it ... steed heft a few , as picky as a samurai ... 271upstair - hour later Emma surround by a mountain of shoe . triumphantly , she hold up a pair of shoe last . emma Prince charm , I presume . you name be ... 272close on worn paper label with the name : darling . emma oh my God ... 273int . trubshaw be - downstair - continuous action steed select he umbrella and we follow up to : 274int . trubshaw be - upstair - day he see only trubshaw . steed where 's Mrs. peel ? trubshaw she just leave , sir . in a hurry . steed what ? trubshaw she say you would understand . 275on steed worried . voice ( v.o. ) ah , here we be ... 276closeup - pip puffing in mid - AIR widen to reveal : 277int . ministry archive - day Inside the archive , among leather volume . a file go through the air , pass to Emma ... as she read . a map be open across a desk from she . invisible jone ( v.o. ) ' X ' mark the spot . the shoe be deliver to ... a island in hyde Park . surrounded by the serpentine . on the site of a former Ministry installation ... emma ... and now ? invisible jone ( v.o. ) privately own by ... emma let I guess : wonderland weather . invisible jone ( v.o. ) very good , Mrs. peel ... emma I shall need a small plane . invisible jone ( v.o. ) you be not venture alone , surely . emma I be go to find out who kill my husband . will you take this document to steed ? invisible jone ( v.o. ) of course . 278on emma emma tell he I say ... goodbye . 279int . secret service hq - day below the Thames as at the beginning . in darkest paranoia , mother lie at the heart of he labyrinth . control around he flash emergency . panic . cake pile up beside he , uneaten . beside he , Father . Brenda hand a phone . brenda steed for you . mother grab the phone , furious . mother where 's Mrs. peel ? he signal frantically for Father to trace the call , but be blind , Father just sit there . steed ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I be hope you could tell I . mother you be get yourself into terrible trouble , my son . weather 's turn very nasty -- and so be I . steed ( v.o. ) ( filter ) I be go to follow up on a hunch of my own . if I be right , Mrs. peel be innocent and you have a mole . mother ( grab mirror ; search he face ) where ? steed ( v.o. ) ( filter ) in you operation . mother I be warning you for the last time , steed : whoever 's behind all this , look like Mrs. peel , walk like Mrs. peel and kill like Mrs. peel . click . the line go dead . 280close on mother furious . mother steed ?? ( to Father ) find Mrs. peel . Brenda smile at the think . Father rise , grim . 281ext . sky - day through mist , a ultralight plane zoom down -- from the plane , Emma leap in parachute ... down , down , down through the mist ... over parkland , the parachute float down ... to a island in the middle of the serpentine river . 282ext . island ( hyde park ) - day Emma land , bury she parachute . walk towards a thick jungle , then a stream . Emma hop across on water lily until she reach land again . where a peacock fan its tail of a thousand eye . a click of cameras . in the midst of the jungle , Emma see -- 283her Pov a red phone box . Emma frown in recognition ; go inside . pick up the phone . press " button B " , and -- the floor go down . Emma go down with it , into -- 284int . hyde park underground hq formerly a Ministry installation . the " elevator " stop . remember , as from a dream , Emma step out into -- 285long dark corridor a guard patrol . Emma push herself against a wall . the wall give way to flip round , and Emma swivel into -- 286int . totally dark chamber the door lock behind . alone , Emma stand warily . from nowhere , a chill , disembody voice . intimate . seductive . voice ( v.o. ) congratulation , Mrs. peel . you have be a worthy opponent . you have track we down . you be within a ace of win . emma this be not a game . voice ( v.o. ) quite right , but we still make the rule . emma rule be make to be break . voice ( v.o. ) people , too . emma then who win ? voice you and i. together . but first you must confront you great enemy . who could that be , Mrs. peel ? the answer be obvious ... suddenly light ! Emma be in a hall of mirror . voice ( v.o. ) yourself . in every direction Emma turn , a thousand reflection of herself stare back at she , splinter into fragment as Emma spin , freak and confuse by the multiple image . Emma turn into herself -- only herself drape arm around she and kiss she on the lip . bad Emma -- whose eye stare into Emma 's startle one as Emma pull she mouth away , stagger back ; realize too late . the hallucinogenic lip poison . Emma crumple to she knee as -- 287emma's Pov see " herself " above she , before she -- fall unconscious . 288ext . country road - day steed 's jag race , skid in bad weather . 289int . car behind the wheel steed , he face grim , concentrate on the slippery road . on the seat next to he the snow shaker with little Emma inside -- dissolve to : 290int . underground h.q. as if in a dream , Emma awake captive inside a bizarre cage : a life size snow shaker . Emma " swim " in viscous air , suspend like a mermaid . thru glass she see -- a face peer in : Father . father ( filter ) Emma in wonderland . welcome , Mrs. peel. ( filter ) we have be expect you . we hope you will enjoy you stay with we . decontamination be almost complete . emma decontamination -- ? father and you have a new wardrobe . he do want you to look attractive . ( beat ) he tell I you be very beautiful . Emma pound the glass in frustration . father relax , Mrs. peel . we be hundred of foot below ground . the Ministry make it impregnable . no one can save you . 291ext . spire of eton college - evening as steed drive towards it ... 292int . underground hq - dine room bath in candlelight . a romantic supper for two ... a door open , admit -- Emma . dress , coiff , super-glamorous . she lock around , see another door . in search of escape she hasten to open it , only to reveal -- a giant rabbit -- the one we see at the teddy bear meeting . Emma gasp in surprise , move back into the room as he advance , remove the head -- it 's Dr. darling !!! dr . darling Emma , my dear . how lovely you look . he step out of the rest of he costume ... emma would that I could say the same . dr . darling ah , but you have not see the real I . watch closely ... he pull at he face , which bubbles and collapse as he walk towards she -- Emma 's horrify expression , eye widen as -- Dr. darling turn into ... Peter ! emma Peter ... peter darling Emma -- emma it be you ... all the time ? peter not really . not quite . I be afraid you still do not see ... again he claw at he face , pull , twist ... Emma wince at the sight , she eye pop out of she head . it 's Valentine ! teacher ( v.o. ) Valentine peel ... 293ext . eton college - evening beneath gothic turret pupil in top hat and tail . old teacher ( v.o. ) yes , I remember he quite well ... pull back through window to reveal : steed and a old teacher in the beautiful library . old teacher this be where he use to spend he day . we have a old photograph somewhere ... he 's flipping through yearbook , then show steed -- 294closeup - photo of Valentine peel on stage , in wizard 's garb . make up as a old man ... 295 back to scene teacher absolute wizard with makeup . his favorite roll from Shakespeare . prospero ... steed ' the prospero Project ... ' teacher ... from the Tempest . a banish duke , ousted by he brother , maroon on a magic island . who control the weather . 296closeup - steed grim . steed 'o brave New World that hath such people in it . ' 297back to dinner table Emma freeze , sink into a chair , stare ... emma you . valentine darling Emma -- yes , we : the true genius behind the prospero Project ... he walk around the dinner table as he talk ... emma but you die -- in the explosion ... 298flashback - close on hand in white glove twist the dial . pan up the arm to reveal Valentine . valentine ( v.o. ) oh , no . I arrange the explosion . 299 back to present valentine a slight miscalculation -- my face be burn beyond recognition . fortunately my research into plastic come in handy ... emma ( stunne ) Dr. darling , Peter ... all you ... valentine a unholy trinity ... emma ( stand ) you kill my husband . valentine for starter . of course I have to kill the teddy bear , as well ... emma too many cook -- valentine spoil the majority shareholder . in wonderland weather . I plan everything , even the Ministry recruiting you ... emma but I find you . all the clue lead I here ... valentine of course . I plan that , too . emma but -- why ? valentine you disappoint I , Emma . can not you guess ? ( move toward she ) for you . it be all for you ... emma ( cold ) ' we revel now be end . ' valentine oh , no , Emma . they have only just begin ... 300int . invisible jone ' office - night the phone hang in the air -- with the smoking pipe . invisible jone ( v.o. ) the shoe be deliver to a island in the serpentine - former Ministry installation ... she say to tell you goodbye . what ? 301closeup - steed in red phonebox ( somewhere ) - night steed I say it 's not goodbye yet . listen , I be go to need some help . in a hurry ... 302int . hyde park underground - dine room valentine ( indicate supper ) think of this as you second wedding feast ... emma I be already marry ... valentine come , come , you be a widow -- a most attractive widow . now I think of it , we will need a bridesmay . here . he push a button . bad Emma enter . tattooe Z424 . unmistakably hostile . valentine my latest model . a compound of plastic and sensor chip . a big improvement on the old x404 . the poor thing be quite fond of I . Emma , say hello to Emma . bad emma hiss , a strange mix of static and feedback . valentine you know , I believe she 's actually jealous . emma Valentine , listen to I ... valentine right , bridesmay . now what have I leave out ? oh , yes , I know : the ring . emma ( cover she hand ) Ring ? he stand very near she -- she 's terrify -- then : valentine how silly of I -- let I make you comfortable first ... as he advance , zoom in extreme closeup Emma 's eye dissolve to : 303int . island ( hyde park ) - night another ball , widen to reveal , from the lake , a odd eight foot high plastic ball emerge -- the ball land on the shore . from the inside , a zip peel away the plastic layer to reveal -- steed , like a urban dandy in suit and bowler . a rise in he lapel . he step out , and , poke with he umbrella -- deflate the inflatable plastic submarine . steed head off -- camera eye the peacock swivel towards he , as he head into the jungle where he see the -- 3u4red phonebox steed pick up the phone . press all the button until he hit " button B . " as the floor lower , he eye widen in surprise ... 305sarcophagus carve in Emma 's likeness . lower from the ceiling hydraulically into -- 306int . valentine's high -tech torture chamber - continuous action as Valentine descend spiral step to join it . Valentine open the coffin to reveal Emma strapped within . valentine that 's better . I say , be not this where you come in ? it 's impenetrable , by the way ... emma you be mad . valentine entirely . on the other hand ( he advance towards she , smile ) mad people get thing do . let I show you -- 307int . underground h.q. - continuous action steed steal down a corridor and -- hide , as a posse of guard rush past , alert by the peacock camera . he wait till they pass , then reach out he umbrella , and - - nab Father around the neck who be feel she way after they . bring she down . father steed steed how do you guess ? father you reek of Mrs. peel 's Black leather ... steed it be you who give Valentine peel he security clearance ... you be the mole who betrayed the Ministry . father mother betrayed I . she be go to replace I with a young Father . errand boy that 's all I be . ' find steed ... ' steed well , you find I . have a sniff of this , why do not you ? careful , the scent can be overpower ... holding Father securely , steed force she nose into he rise boutonniere , squeeze the rubber tube , spray a mist . Father pass out . steed rise , lock around . see -- a grille and remove it , climb in and replace it before the guard return . he turn and -- 308int . duct - continuous action crawl forward through a mass of wire and plumbing -- until he hear a voice -- valentine be . steed reach another grille , through which he can see -- 309int . torture chamber Emma 's coffin , stand on end , like the Iron maiden face a wall of tv monitor as Valentine explain . valentine people expect weather to be free . they be use to it . I call that a denial of freedom . no freedom of choice . a abuse of human rights . they buy water , electricity , gas . why should not they be able to buy they own weather if they want to ? if they have a little incentive ... Emma react -- also steed ( unseen ) behind she . emma such as ? valentine destruction of they local weather system . I can zap a thousand chernobyl into the air . emma the result would be ... valentine Chaos . Transport paralysis . crop failure . economic disaster . frostbite or sunburn ... on a massive scale . you have see a few sample ... emma then what 's stop you ? valentine one very small thing . a diamond ' cyclone ' chip . a thousand time more information on a fraction of the size . if I possess that , my power would be unlimited . my dear half - brother be develop it . but he suspect sabotage . he give the chip to ... you , ' Mrs . ' peel . I want you . but also you ring . Valentine take she by the hand . kiss -- 310closeup - her ring a diamond . in the light , a pattern imprint . zoom in -- a complex fractal equation of circuit . 311 back to scene valentine the miss piece of the jigsaw . I try to get you to give it to I as Peter ; I try to steal it from you as Dr. darling . as myself I will be a bit less subtle . ( he slip it off she finger ; hold it up ) with this ring my plan will be complete . emma how wagnerian ... do you mean to say you have wait all this year because you could not create a chip on you own ? that would have amused Peter . valentine speak of Peter , there 's more good news : you will not even have to change you last name . you will always be Mrs. peel . emma what be my choice ? valentine choice ? emma I will never marry you . Valentine be philosophical . he spin the sarcophagus on a axis , lie it flat -- Emma lie in she coffin as he look down at she -- valentine one out of two be not bad . I will keep you alive , darling Emma . in a year or five , you may change you mind . if you be still in it . Valentine press a button . from the ceiling -- a surgical laser . move down to within inch of she face . valentine this little toy give I back my face . it can replace yours . what do you think ? Medusa ? Madame defarge ? maggie thatcher ? he mark a imaginary line round Emma 's face . a alarm bell ring . Emma react . father ( v.o. ) Dr. darling , this be Father . we have a intruder . I repeat -- Valentine switch off the PA . valentine ah . that will be steed . he follow you . please excuse I . I have work to do . my most spectacular performance . a ballet of cloud . it be make for you . I want to give you a heart , Emma . I want all of London to see it . and now with this ... ( flourish ring ) they will . ( lean close ) and for a encore : the biggest cyclone in history will wipe the City from the face of the earth . ( wink ) shape of thing to come , my darling . he stuff a gag into Emma 's mouth and close the coffin on she muffle protest . darkness . immediately , steed try to force he way through the grille . no such luck . steed blast . what to do ? Mrs. peel ! he do not dare say she name too loud -- and there 's no tell if she could hear he in that thing , anyway . he turn around in the tunnel -- head the other way . 312ext . sky over london - night moonlight night . Dark cloud approach like a army , spread shadow . 313inside cloud moisture spit and crackle , static energy wait to explode ... in the sky -- cloud join together like a genie from a lamp , form -- over the city -- a strange dark sensuous figure , half human , half dreamlike . that stalk the city .... 314int . duct - continuous action steed crawl . a rat run over he ... steed the thing I do for England ... pitch dark , then -- Emma 's coffin be open and we see bad Emma , look down . bad Emma stare at she human double -- Emma : who look imploringly at she to undo the gag . bad Emma remove it , she -- run a finger down Emma 's body , inside a hole tear in the leather -- warm human flesh . blood . her flesh . her blood . fascinate . emma you must let I go ... bad Emma listen . gently lay she head on Emma 's breast , listen to -- the heartbeat . ba-boom . ba-boom ... emma do not you understand ? if he have I , he will have no use for you ... he will destroy you ... the word jolt bad Emma back , remember she mission . she go to the laser , aim it at Emma 's face ! emma no ... bad Emma hesitates , look strangely human as -- 315 another part of underground h.q. the grille pop off and steed emerge where the guard be wait for he -- steed oh , dear . no escape . he take off he bowler -- deftly remove a strip from its brim , aim it at the guard , and -- hurl it ... 316closeup - bowler ( in flight ) a glint razor 's edge , which -- swoosh -- ! slice into the close guard before return , like a boomerang to steed . he tap twice hard steel as ... 317other guard run towards he , steed swivel gracefully and - slam the bowler in they face , a sartorial knuckleduster -- wham -- ! one drop -- bam - - ! the other collapse , slump to the ground . steed stoops down , pick up he hat , see -- a dent in its steel top . for the first time , steed lose he cool . genuine rage . steed someone 's go to pay for this . stepping over the nearest body , steed move on he way , as -- 318closeup - valentine place a ring inside a control module fill with identical - look diamond chip ... widen to reveal ... 319int . control room - night mass of dial and switch . ( off to one side , on a wall , a rack of rapier ... ) Valentine hit a switch ... valentine start the countdown . action station . five minute ... the countdown start , red digital go backwards -- colorize computer screen map out hostile weather front . a computerize voice start to count . the clock tick . Father enter behind he . father congratulation . the cloud be on course ... valentine to explode . London will be ash . father not yet ! they have not hear we term ... ! Father try to hit the switch . Valentine yank she off . valentine be you insane ? stop the program and you activate the auto-destruct ! father but all that people -- ! Valentine strike she hard -- valentine my cloud ballet ! my cyclone ! Father slide to the floor . Valentine ignore she . concentrate on the control panel red light , as -- 320ext . parliament square - night up in the sky , more white cloud -- darken into boil black . they move and billow . bubble with gas and energy . swirl with motion , a life of they own . from river , a scarlet fog float upwards . it gain mass and weight , slowly form as it roll -- 321through CITY street then rise above they -- into a weird pulsate red shape . a love heart . 322closeup - digital readout whirl backwards ... 323int . mother' underwater hq - continuous action mother at the control . ring the alarm . panic station as -- siren blare . warning ring out over tv and radio -- mother dense cloud formation move south - west . on course for the center of the city . a fog float in from the river . the prediction be ... unstable chemical reaction . enforce the curfew ... emergency stand by ... ! 324ext . sky over buckingham palace - night bad storm cloud advance over London ... black and furious . 325over CITY - several angle as shadow in a whirl of chemical matter . a airborne cyclone of belching static electricity . the black shape now -- form a sensuous female shape . like a dream wisp of ... Emma peel with a hourglass figure . while -- 326from river the heart - shape cloud seem to -- move towards the black genie shape - - try to connect , to form the cyclone ... 327ext . london street - several angle - night action station . AIR raid siren ... like a re-run blitz . street now eerily empty and dark . through desert street -- troops race to position in gas mask . searchlight illuminate cloud . worried face watch the sky , as -- 328closeup - digital number fly ... 329int . hi - tech torture chamber - day Chaos on all tv monitor as ... Valentine hasten down the spiral step and open Emma 's coffin . what will he find ?? Emma 's there , still gag . look asleep . valentine my dear . ( pull the gag : kiss she ) I would not want you to miss the grand finale ... Emma open she eye . Valentine look down at she , until -- a tell - tale sign : Z424 . bad Emma be unmistakable . he strike she -- yank she out of the coffin . valentine find she . kill she ... he race back upstairs as ... 330int . underground hyde park - hq catwalk - continuous action Emma make she way through the labyrinthine superstructure of the place , crawl high on a girder over some burbling liquid below . she hear noise in the distance . suddenly -- 331int . underground hq - steed - continuous action steed battle more guard ! no time to lose . wham -- ! bam -- ! now move with deadly earnest , steed downs all oncomer , close in on -- 332int . underground control room - continuous action steed rush in , bolt the airlock behind . pound on door . he see the timer racing backwards -- stand over the control , try to figure out how to stop the program . look for the chip -- amongst all the rest it 's like try to find a contact lens in water . 333floor-level hatch open behind . Valentine emerge , drop the hatch cover with a thud . steed whirl . valentine John steed . steed Valentine peel . I see you have go back to use you original face . valentine the last one you will ever see . steed perish the think . Valentine full forth a rapier from the wall . valentine do they tell you at eton that I be fencing champion , too ? steed unsheathes he umbrella , revealing ditto . steed they say you be a very naughty boy . the fight be on as the number grow smaller ! 334several angle valentine you be better than I expect . steed I be at harrow ... valentine but do they teach you this ? Valentine whacks the blade off steed 's umbrella handle . laugh . a diminish phallic symbol . steed , dumbfounded . Valentine advance towards steed -- who point the umbrella at he . steed bang-bang ... you be dead . valentine you wish . he move to close in , when ... 335closeup - flash of light from the muzzle , as a bullet zip out , and -- 336valentine recoil . blood stream from he shoulder . he look up , devastate . steed blow smoke away from the muzzle . steed one shot -- for emergency . valentine ( clutches wound ) that 's not play by the rule . steed ( echoe Emma ! ) rule be make to be break . valentine ( pull he own gun ) if you say so . steed I do . he fire again . to the heart . Valentine spin to the floor . valentine you say ... one shot . steed do I ? my mistake . steed turn to the console , try to figure out how to stop the countdown , when behind the hatch open again , revealing Emma . Valentine pull she up , grab she as hostage -- valentine I would not do that , if I be you . steed turn . steed Mrs. peel -- ! Valentine have Emma , a knife to she throat , stand over the hatch . valentine bullet -proof waistcoat -- just the thing . I get mine from trubshaw 's . we will be off now , will not we , darling ? ( to steed ) we would not want to miss the firework . figure it out if you can , steed ... 337down hatch Valentine drag Emma , bolt the hatch . 338on steed he 's tear briefly , but there be thousand of life at stake ; steed go to the control module and start pull out chip , look ... 339ext . london - continuous action - night the biggest cyclone you have ever see start slowly whirling above the city , gather momentum ... 340 number go down , down , down , as ... 341int . catwalk - continuous action Valentine drag Emma backwards ... 342ext . london - continuous action - night the cyclone pick up force ... 343closeup - steed' hand pull up a chip . the red number freeze . widen to reveal ... 344int . control room - continuous action the siren cease . steed allow himself a smile of relief . 345ext . london - continuous action - night the giant cyclone begin to break apart ... 346several angle - dying STORM 347closeup - relieved face troops pull off gas mask as ... 348int . control room - on screen - continuous action steed see the breakup of the cyclone ... then -- behind he -- a ominous click -clicking as the program reconfigure . a different alarm buzzer sound and the word : " auto -destruct , 3 minute " start flash ... a different set of number start run backwards ... steed you must be joke ... 349ext . catwalk - continuous action Valentine , drag Emma , react to the new alarm . valentine fool ... in he hesitation , Emma suddenly make she move . a struggle -- Emma take a bad fall down a landing below . Ugly thud . Dead . steed that will do . he 's materialize across the girder from Valentine . who pull he revolver . valentine be not you forget about something ? steed you be , and it 's behind you . valentine come , come . you do not really expect I to fall for -- bad Emma 's arm go 'round Valentine in a lethal embrace . valentine let go , you ... idiot ... uh uh . she hold he in a vice- like grip . hugging Valentine . steed I think she really like you ... where 's Mrs. peel ? valentine ugh ... as the life be squeeze out of he , bad Emma finally smile . cradle together , she choke Valentine , who gasp for breath , as -- one last desperate move on he part and bad Emma tumble backwards , Valentine lock in she arm in a die embrace . they fall into the mist and liquid below . steed almost fall himself as he grab a beam for support . look down , see ... 350emma Dead . steed Emma ! he have say she name . he scramble down to she body . Emma lie sprawle out on the ground . steed pick up she limp body in he arm like " sleep beauty . " his eye fill with tear . he lay she down . steed Emma ... he produce Peter 's ring . 351closeup - ring slip it onto she finger and ... 352 back to scene kiss she . a chaste kiss on the lip . but with the force and passion of a lover . he close he eye , look away in grief . the alarm still sound but steed do not give a damn . behind , Emma open she eye . as if revive by the kiss . or the ring . look up at he . emma steed ? steed look back at she -- surprise , delight . steed Mrs. peel ? emma what keep you ? steed the plot. ( realize ) hello , we must be go ... 353closeup - auto -destruct number Racing backwards as ... 354several angle steed pull Emma through the catwalk and corridor of Valentine 's labyrinth ... 355more number racing to zero , nothing to stop they ... 356int . torture chamber - continuous action steed and Emma race in -- she see the sarcophagus . emma Quick ! Emma scramble in and steed leap on top of she , bring down the lid as ... 357several angle 3-2-1 -- and a blast like a nuclear explosion -- as the Underground hq be fragment to smithereen -- Emma 's " coffin " go fly ... as the screen white out . 358ext . albert bridge - night beneath the clear moonlight , all bulb on -- like Xmas . 359below it float the coffin -- which open , revealing ... steed and Emma , squash together , gasp for breath . steed ' the owl and the pussycat go to sea -' emma '... in a beautiful pea green boat ... ' steed a fine night , Mrs. peel ... emma still a bit chilly ... steed English weather . you know , after all we have be through , I should say we deserve a long holiday ... emma have you any place in mind ? steed as a matter of fact I have ... the coffin drift downstream in the moonlight . slow dissolve to : 360ext . siberian ice field - day 360 a few week later . across snowy waste , a pack of huskies drag a sled behind they , whip cracked by a -- frozen fur-clad siberian peasant . as he turn a corner , dog stumble from ice and snow into -- 361sand the peasant stop , stare . 362ahead of he Sun beat down . a tropical beach . a warm sea . a butler , trubshaw . pop a champagne cork . from a tent , he bring two glass down the beach to 363two divan -style deck chair where steed and Emma toast in the sun . steed in a smoking jacket , Emma in a bikini . emma I do not recall siberia be this warm , steed . steed it 's the latest thing , Mrs. peel . emma we little paradise -- just make for two ? steed ( look ; frown ) not quite . on cue from the water , mother emerge , snorkeling in he wheelchair contraption -- with Brenda . he wave to -- steed we chaperon . emma pity you mother come , too ... steed seem peeve that he chance to be alone with emma be spoiled . trubshaw pour glass of champagne . steed still a little warm , trubshaw . be this the ' 28 ? a little more ice , I think ... trubshaw trot off dutifully . a large ice bucket appear . mother move in . absorb by Emma , now he new protegee . mother about you next assignment , Mrs. peel ... emma next assignment ? steed give he champagne to the siberian peasant . he press a switch -- a umbrella shoot up between they , open up , twirl . pull back to reveal the strip of beach , like a tiny bubble of tropical weather . against a siberian b.g. of snow . as we widen we reveal a giant glass bubble , hearing -- emma ( v.o. ) ah ... sun tan lotion . any shop nearby ? steed ( v.o. ) must be . trubshaw 's busy . I will send mother ... pull back to reveal no shop for mile around . mother ( v.o. ) ahem . as I be say , perhaps another macaroon ... emma ( v.o. ) thank you , steed . steed ( v.o. ) thank you , Mrs. peel . behind the umbrella -- laughter . chink of glass . fade out . the end