wadjda written by haifaa Al Mansour black screen . sound of a busy schoolroom : shoe shuffle across the floor , girl shouting , laugh and gossipe to each other . gunshot and the whinny of horse blare out . the girl fall quiet before they start sing in unison . girl ( v.o. ) it 's time for Jihad ; it 's the only choice . the war be boil , call . teacher ( v.o. ) Girls ! stand still in you spot ! fade in : int . school auditorium ( saudi arabia ) - day 1 a group of 11 year -old girl stand in three row on a home - make wooden stage . a banner read , " the secondary fourth School for Girls - riyadh East . " a teacher eye they skeptically . teacher again , from the beginning . she push " play " on a small tape recorder on the floor . chorus of girl it 's time for Jihad ; it 's the only choice . the war be boil , call . the front row have four girl , one of whom be wajda , ( 11 ) , cute face with big , smart eye . they all sing in tune except for she . she 's look away sing absentmindedly , miss most of the word . Wajda watch two older girl , fatin and fatima , pass by . Wajda wave to they as she sing . she look at the teacher , now scowling at she , tuck she hand in she pocket and try to follow the other girl . they all look similar except for Wajda . the song halt abruptly as the teacher hit " stop " on the tape recorder . the girl ' voice trail off . teacher Wajda ! step to the front , please . Wajda make she way out of the row of girl . noura , ( 11 ) , a sweet and perfect type , bump into she , smile and fill she place in the front line . Wajda stand in front of the line of girl alone . teacher ( cont 'd ) why do not you show we all how well you sing ? start with the first verse . Wajda become very nervous . her face redden and she stare hard at the floor , she try to sing , but she mouth clamp tight . teacher ( cont 'd ) well ? if you do not want to share that '' beautiful '' voice of yours with we ... the teacher gesture towards the tape recorder . Wajda stare at the floor as she sit down next to the tape recorder , scowling . the line be much more unify now . the teacher smile with satisfaction then glare at she . teacher ( cont 'd ) well ?! like a professional dj , Wajda 's hand rewind the tape , stop it and hit " play " all in one motion . the chorus of girl it 's time for Jihad ; it 's the only choice . the war be boil , call . the horse be prepare ; the battle will start . War heal wound way better than suppress anger . if we religion be humiliate , heaven call and we fate be write . where be the proud man to answer the call ? allhu akbar be we song ; it be we light and the fire we fight with ! the chorus continue through the title static blend over the song like a radio tuning to another channel and then ... a raucous rock song start ! int . wajda's room - day 2 in she small , sparsely decorate room between a single bed and a window cover completely with wallpaper , Wajda hit " record " on she tape recorder as the rock song continue . Dancing and move to the beat , she insure that a cord from the window be properly connect to the radio antennae . she write down the song on a track list label " Wajda 's awesome mix tape , vol. 7 . " next , she count out homemade bracelet and put they in small plastic bag . finally , she put on she black converse high - top with color lace . as she wait for the rock song to end , she look through the half open door to she mother , busy drying she hair . int . live room - day 3 wajda's mother ( 33 ) , struggle with a break hair - dryer as she straighten she beautiful long hair . she be petite , with a definite sparkle in she eye , but right now she 's frustrated . the brush become too hot and she quickly dry the rest of she hair without it . int . wajda be room - day 4 Wajda take some money from a drawer and put it in she pocket . she hit " stop " on the tape recorder and run out . int . live room / kitchen - day 5 Wajda 's mother twist she hair and add color clip . she move to the kitchen and add cup of cardamom and coffee to boil water in a old pot . outside a car honk its horn . in rapid motion , she mother take the over-boil coffee , put it in a thermos and grab she notebook . Wajda enter , drop she backpack and hurry behind , carry the rest of she mother 's supplies . the mother grab key from a hook by the entrance . a string of blue prayer bead fall to the floor . she put they back on the hook , pull she veil over she face and turn to Wajda . mother do not forget you key , and do not lock the upper lock . you Father may be come later after he night shift . ext . front of wajda's house - day 6 a pakistani Driver , iqbal , ( late 20' ) , squat in front of a old van , stick the break headlight on with tape . he turn as Wajda and she mother emerge . iqbal ( in break Arabic , bossy ) it very long way , Madame ! other teacher we be take , very long way . you late every day ! no take you late . wajda she 's not late ! you just come ! I see you - five minute not even ! iqbal I no talk to you little girl , I talk to you mother , she be late ! iqbal enter the car and slam the door . a picture of a cute , smile child wear traditional indian dress with flower in she hair , fall to the car 's floor . iqbal pick up the picture and clean it carefully then put it back on the car 's counter . mother do not worry about he . okay , yalla bye ! ( to iqbal ) ) no problem , iqbal . you take lot of money ; let 's have some quiet for the long drive . she take she thing from Wajda and quickly enter the van . the bus jolt away . Wajda be about to walk back into the house when the minivan swerve to avoid a oncoming car , almost crash into it . she watch until it disappear , worried for she mother . int . live room - day 7 Wajda grab she backpack , stop by the mirror . she look at herself and touch she hair , then put on she abbayah . ext . the neighborhood street - day 8 concrete house line the street . all the window be cover in aluminum . a typical middle class neighborhood in riyadh , Saudi Arabia . group of girl walk to school , completely cover in abbayah and veil , distinguishable only by they different backpack . taxis and minivan pass by full of cover woman in black . Wajda exit she gate and walk towards school . suddenly a rock fly by she foot and knock a soda can from its place . she look up to see she father ( 35 ) , smile and toss another rock up in the air , playfully . Dark and handsome with short soft black hair and a well groom mustache , he wear a wear - out blue oil - man 's uniform . father watch this ! he fling the rock towards another can just past she on the wall . she duck but look over to see the can fly from its place . Wajda search and pick up another rock . wajda oh yeah , check this out ! full of bravado , she fling the rock at a milk carton near he foot but it fall short and bounce off target . father ha ! keep practice . you be get there ! wajda look who 's back ! where have you be ? she smile , run and give he a big hug . father oof . look at this . he pull out a shiny black rock from he pocket . father ( cont 'd ) it 's volcanic , from the empty Quarter . it have a great velocity . it will help you aim . now get go . she take it , beam . he tap she on she head and she run off to school . wajda we leave the door unlock . Mom 's be wait for you all week ! the father 's eye flicker at the mention of the mother . he pass he hand over he untidy black hair feel uneasy . ext . front of the convenience store - day 9 abdullah , ( 11 ) , a skinny , bright - eye boy , stand near the entryway , set up a billboard . he peek inside at Wajda as she enter and head for the candy bar , pick out chocolate . she see he and smile . Abdullah immediately look away . he busy himself with the billboard , attach a large election poster of a overweight , mustach man on a chair that look like a throne . the poster read : " vote for I for Municipal Council . you glorious representation . " Abdullah 's bicycle stand next to the board with he book clamp onto a rack on the back . out of the corner of he eye he watch Wajda approach , munch on a breakfast sandwich . he quickly brushes he hair into place and act busy and important . wajda ( laugh ) huh , what be this , a advertisement for mustache product ?! Abdullah smile , compose himself and face she with a annoyed look . abdullah smart-ass , it 's a mustache so strong a falcon could stand on it ! wajda a falcon ? a airplane could land on that thing ! Abdullah smile but then see a group of boy approach . he quickly snatch the sandwich out of she hand and run off . abdullah thanks for buy I breakfast ! wajda hey ! if it 's a race you be after do not blame it on the sandwich ! 10 she break into a run after he . they race through the street , away from the boy , switch position in the race . she overtake he , snatch the sandwich and look back , pump she arm in the air , relishing the victory . away from the other boy , Abdullah now smile at she . he then run back to the billboard . ext . the neighborhood street - day 10 Wajda walk on to school eat she sandwich happily . she continue the target practice with she beloved new rock , aim at several object as she go . suddenly out of nowhere , Abdullah snatch she veil as he zip past she on he bicycle . Wajda fall hard to the ground , she sandwich now cover in dirt . her hair be expose . it 's cover in curl and color hair clip like she mother 's , but sloppier . Abdullah point . abdullah ( laugh ) what be all this ? she put she hand over she head , embarrassed . wajda ( indignantly ) it 's so in fashion now . Abdullah continue laugh . she run furiously after he . he dangle the veil mockingly behind he as he ride ahead . pity she , Abdullah finally slow down . Wajda reach out and rip the veil from he hand but fall hard to the ground , into a puddle of mud . Abdullah stop . Wajda angrily get up and scream at he . wajda ( cont 'd ) stupid ! how can I go to school like this ? he 's about to get off he bicycle and help she when several boy come out of a nearby store . Abdullah thinly disguise he guilty look with a mock smile . abdullah do you really think you could catch I ? 11 wajda ( confuse ) I do catch you ! you and you stupid bicycle . abdullah yeah right . now you be late and cover in mud . if you have a '' stupid '' bicycle you could go home and change . but you do not , so you can not . Wajda , hurt , look up as he slowly pedal away with the other boy , all on bike as well , talk and laugh . they ride in circle , challenging each other and show off . Wajda clutches she soaking veil , watch they all ride away together , happy and free . wajda ( to herself ) I ’1ll get one and show you . as she smooth out she veil , now too dirty to put back on , she do not see Abdullah glance back with a pain , sorry look . ext . inside the front gate of the school - day 11 Wajda try to blend in with the other girl and sneak in . ms. hussa , ( 35 ) , the pretty but stoic principal , stand inside the wall that protect the privacy of the school entrance . a loud laugh come from the gate as fatin and fatima enter . Ms. hussa move towards they . ms . hussa all right girl , you be just behind the gate , do not laugh so loudly . woman 's voice should not carry outside the door ! fatin smile and nudge fatima . they giggle but act polite . fatima sorry , Ms. hussa . fatin it will not happen again . Wajda seize the opportunity to try to sneak past but -- 12 13 14 ms . hussa Wajda ! caught ! Wajda stop , turn to face she . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) ( with malicious enjoyment ) where be you head cover ? be you come to school unveil ?! and who put that awful clip in you hair ? the girl all stop talk and giggle at she , except for fatin and fatima who watch sympathetically . Wajda look down in frustration at she wet veil . int . school interior courtyard - day 12 the midday sun burn directly above Wajda as she stand in the corner of the schoolyard , punish . ext . the neighborhood street - day 13 Wajda 's sneaker stand out from all the other girl in plain black shoe , leave school . her eye then catch colorful majestic foot as a group of boy pedal by on they bicycle . they kick up dust and laugh , glide past . Wajda watch they forlornly as they disappear around the corner . Wajda continue walk , throw the stone she Father give she at various target . she miss a few time and then finally hear a '' ping '' as it hit its first mark : a shiny GREEN bicycle somehow perch above the other side of a fence . she stare at it , intrigue , for several second , as it seem to float on the other side of the fence . she pick up she black stone and entrance , she eye follow this vision . suddenly it begin to move across the top of the fence , until it come to the end , where Wajda see that it 's rest on the top of a move truck . her heart lock on it and without even think , she run after the bicycle as it disappear down the next block . ext . STREET in front of the toy shop - day 14 Wajda 's foot race , she eye like steel and she finally catch up to the truck now park in front of a toy shop . 15 10 . Men unload box and bicycle wrap in plastic bag . she crane she neck . where be the green one ? as Wajda move forward she hear a splash ! she look down . she 's stand in a stream of water . she move to the side . as the truck pull away the toy shop owner go into the shop and bring out the bicycle . he put it on display in the front , out in the sun . he take a sign from he clipboard , write , " only 500 riyal , " and place it on the handlebar . he go back inside the store and put a " Talal maddah " record on a old record player , glance at this strange little girl still stand outside he door . her eye then shift to the sign and the price as the music drift out of the store . ext . the construction site - day 15 Wajda count the small wad of money she make at school today and stuff it back into she pocket in frustration . she take out the black stone from she pocket and throw it across the field at a coke bottle . a group of worker yell suggestive insult at she . indian worker Nice throw ! come up and play with we ! let I touch that little apple . Wajda freeze and pretend she do not hear he . they laugh vulgarly at she . as she hurry towards the rock , Abdullah appear and pick it up . he throw it far across the lot , knock another coke bottle out of its place . Wajda relax , relieved to see he , but then act upset as she run and pick up the stone . she pick up another one and throw it back towards he . wajda take this ! and stop follow I . I do not want to play with you any more . they make I stand up all day at school in the sun for not have a veil today . the rock fall short of Abdullah 's foot . he look at Wajda , ashamed . Wajda put she stone in she pocket , glaring at he . he pick up the rock and run to he bicycle and pull out a package . 11 . abdullah here , I get you this . Wajda look at he , walk over and take the package . she open it and unfurl a new black veil with a yellow flower make of bead on the corner . she act defiant as she put it in she bag . wajda this do not make we even , you know . we will get even when we race . in 1l have my new bicycle very soon . abdullah what ? Girls can not have bicycle ! wajda then I guess it will be that much more embarrassing for you when I beat you ! Wajda walk away in a huff . Abdullah look at the stone she throw at he and stuff it in he pocket . Abdullah ride away on he bicycle as a small pick - up truck pass by cause a huge cloud of dust over Abdullah . Wajda look back and laugh . the contractor get out of he car and head towards the worker . he look at Abdullah . contractor hey , you , go away little boy ! Abdullah be upset . the contractor go over to the worker . contractor ( cont 'd ) all day and only one pillar ? 5 man work and I get only one pillar ? he slap one of they on he neck . contractor ( cont 'd ) go to car go .. we have to finish work on the other building . he stuff the worker onto the back of the truck . some of the worker put wet towel on they head to avoid the unbearable heat . 16 17 18 12 . ext . the neighborhood street - day 16 Wajda 's sneaker kick up small cloud of dust as she head home . Green bush have just be plant on the side of the road . she lean over and smell they . she smile and pick the leave off , one by one . int . wajda's room - day 17 Wajda sit at she desk with she money out in front of she . the green leave be now sort into small plastic bag to the side . she write " 500 riyal " on a piece of paper and draw a chart underneath . she sort the note and count they . wajda 10 riyal , 15 riyal , 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 , 24 , 25 riyal . she write " 25 riyal " on the chart . then Wajda sit on the floor with she foot extend and wrap string around she big toe make woven bracelet . she check a list of girl ' name and football team . she hear the door open and go to meet she mother . int . live room - day 18 Wajda 's mother 's face be puffy and red . she fall down on the couch exhaust , remove she veil and fan herself with it . her hair lok messy but full of ribbon and curl . Wajda turn on the air conditioner , grin . her mother look at she as she struggle to lift herself from the couch . mother ( 0.s. ) I do not like this look . what be you up to ? wajda ( excited ) I be go to buy a bicycle to race Abdullah Al hanofi ! mother Three hour in the car without ac ! I swear this commute be go to kill I and you tell I bicycle ? she take off she shoe and black sock , rub she foot . 19 20 13. mother ( cont 'd ) absolutely forget about get a bicycle . have you ever see any girl riding a bicycle ? ( pause ) I would rather sell fruit down at the hospital than go on this hideous trip every day ! Wajda make a face and stomp off to she room . her mother go to she bedroom and pick up a man 's dirty blue uniform from the floor . ext . the neighborhood street - day 19 Wajda hurry off through the gate of a house . int . live room of wajda's grandmother' house - day 20 she enter and find she grandmother , a overweight woman in she 60' , watch tv , the remote in she hand . grandmother ( surprised ) Wajda ! what be you do here so early ? Wajda smile . she go up and kiss she forehead . wajda good morning , grandmother . hope you be do well today . look what I get you ! Wajda give she a plastic bag fill with green leave . she then open she abbayah , expose a navy - blue vest on top of she gray uniform . she smile wider . wajda ( cont 'd ) see , grandmother , I be wear the vest you make I . grandmother ( smile but suspicious ) it 's nice of you to think of I this early in the morning ! she look happily at the vest and smell the leave . she pull she braid hair from she veil and replace the wither leave with the fresh one Wajda bring . 21 14 . wajda ( reluctantly ) only 10 riyal ! I bring some for you friend um Khalid too ! the grandmother , twist she lip in annoyance , slip she foot into she shoe , sigh , lift herself slowly out of she chair and walk toward the next room . grandmother do you mother send you ? she struggle to get herself down a small step . Wajda look at she sympathetically and help she . her grandmother gently pat wadja 's back . wajda no , grandma ! I be try to save some money .. to buy a nice abbayah . grandmother I do not know what to do with you or you Father . he 's always nag I , " should I take a second wife ? I need a son . " I tell he , " go home to you wife and daughter and leave I alone , " but he keep come here with a list of family I have to call for bride . the grandmother get she wallet and give Wajda 10 riyal . grandmother ( cont ’d ) he can not even buy a abbayah for he daughter . where would he get a dowry for a second wife ? wajda thanks , grandma ! Wajda run out , avoid look at she grandmother . ext . inside the front gate of the school - day 21 Wajda walk past Ms. hussa , tea -cup in hand , bored , watch the crowd of girl flow through the gate . noura approach Ms. hussa coyly . she gather up she courage and hold out a single flower with a note attach . noura ( sweetly ) this be for you . 22 23 15 . Wajda watch from the corner of she eye . Ms. hussa look questionably at noura , take the flower and read the note . ms . hussa thank you for you feeling , but you know you be not suppose to bring flower to school . noura redden . Ms. hussa give she back the flower then head over to the gate , not notice the note fall to the ground . Wajda rush over , pick the note up , stealthily look at it , laugh , stick it in she vest pocket and hurry inside . int . classroom — day 22 Wajda enter . one girl clean the blackboard while other copy each other 's homework . one of the girl ( to another girl ) Change the sentence a little , she will know you copy it ! ( notice Wajda ) here come the salesgirl ! another girl hey Wajda , do you finish the bracelet ? wajda not all . I have only 10 . you have to pay 2 riyal extra . it 's a lot of work ! the girl gather as she hand out bracelet and collect money . wajda ( cont 'd ) quickly , I have to go ! ext . schoolyard - day 23 Wajda be play on the hopscotch grid . noura raise she head and look off into the distance . noura we need to go inside ! Men be watch we ! 16 . all the girl look to where noura be point . Wajda can barely make out a group of construction worker atop a building in the distance . wajda they be so far away ; they can not see we from there . noura if you can see they , they can see you . come on , all good girl be go inside . she smirk at Wajda as the girl all follow she in . shame , Wajda think , then smile and call out . wajda hey noura ! ( pull out the note ) " I love you , Ms. hussa . you be like the moon , my dream , my eye , and my heart ! " ha ha ! noura look furiously at Wajda who wave the note in the air , make kissing noise . she put the note into she vest pocket and toss a rock onto the hop-scotch grid . noura storm inside . Wajda look up to see fatin and fatima pass by look at a magazine while walk towards the back of the school . wajda ( cont 'd ) hey , you should not be outside , man can see you ! fatin ( sarcastically ) Men be watch ? what a scandal ! they will tell everyone they see Wajda al safan play provocatively in the schoolyard . they can not miss you , especially in that sexy vest of yours . she and fatima smile and head over to Wajda . fatin ( cont 'd ) so , what 's the latest mix ? wajda ( excited , like a salesman ) it 's get everything , " bink , get the barty start ... " 17 . fatima ( laugh ) " Party . " wajda whatever , " party . " 10 riyal . fatin ( laugh ) you little devil , I do not know where you get this music from . I will get one later for sure . hey , what about bracelet ? look at this gorgeous creature . ( hold up a picture of a football player ) I want a bracelet of he team - Al hilal . wajda ( inspect the picture ) no problem , I will make you a special one for tomorrow , but 10 riyal . fatin ( patting she head ) okay , tomorrow then , little hustler . wajda ( smile , pull she head away ) do not mess my hair ! and hey , you be not suppose to bring magazine to school ! Ms. hussa will kill you . fatin look who 's talk ! you bag be a 24 hour convenience store . the three laugh and Wajda continue play . fatin and fatima sit just past the corner of the building . they pull out nail polish from they pocket and start painting they toenail blue , the magazine open next to they . Wajda stop halfway through a leap on the hopscotch grid , she leave foot still elevate , as she see Ms. hussa approach . the girl quickly rush inside , drop the nail polish bottle on the bench . Ms. hussa turn to find Wajda alone , stare at she . 24 25 18. ms . hussa what be you do there ? go to you class right now or you will be punish ! Wajda stare down at the ground and quickly follow Ms. hussa into the building . she see the bottle of blue nail polish , scoops it up and hurry off . ext . inside the front gate of the school - later 24 Ms. hussa stand in front of the gate , examine the girl as they pass . she stop one girl with a " Titanic " backpack . int . school corridor - day 25 Wajda 's about to leave when a older girl , aber , pull she aside and whisper to she . abeer can you take this paper out to my brother ? wajda ( suspiciously ) what be this ? abeer shh ! it 's a.. permission slip to pick I up from school . Wajda glance over at Ms. hussa , concerned . abeer ( cont 'd ) ( whisper , but adamant ) I will give you 10 riyal ! Wajda look back at Ms. hussa , then at abeer . wajda 20 . abeer sigh , give she some money and the note . abeer he 's outside on the corner ina pickup truck . Wajda go out cautiously , try to act casual . 26 27 19 . ext . inside the front gate of the school - day 26 Ms. hussa scold the backpack girl , who anxiously watch the bus fill up . ms. hussa '' and change you bag , image be forbidden ! Ms. hussa gate . she try Ms. hussa pull she backpack girl ( run towards the bus ) okay , okay , inshallah . I have get to catch the bus ! turn just as Wajda 's about to leave through the ms . hussa Wajda ! to hide the paper in she bag and head over . pause , look at Wajda , then over to abeer . abeer veil quickly over she face and turn away . ms . hussa squint down at Wajda , study she . she hand ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) come with a abbayah like this tomorrow or we will reserve you place in the sun for you . here . Wajda a pamphlet with a picture of a black figure on the front . Wajda take it and hurry off . ext . front of the school - day 27 Wajda pass by the school bus , overflow with girl , and see a handsome young man , ( 20' ) , by a pickup truck , wait . wajda be you abeer 's brother ? young man ( smile ) yeah sure , I be she brother . have you get the paper ? wajda ( hold it out ) yeah , she say you would give I 20 riyal to deliver it . 28 20 . young man ( skeptically ) really ? hmmm . wajda ( haughtily ) you do not look like she brother ! young man ( laugh ) okay , okay here 's 20 . Wajda take the money and sniff it , make a funny face . wajda even you money reek of perfume ! I will have to wash it . he try to suppress a smile , dismiss she with a wave , and get in he car . he drive around in front of the gate . guard ( v.o. ) abeer rassi come to the gate . you ride be here to pick you up . ext . STREET in front of the toy shop - day 28 Wajda see the green bicycle glimmer in the afternoon sun and stop in awe . as the owner come out , Wajda lick she finger and rub a " X " on the bicycle , claim it . her face beam with happiness . wajda ( indicate she '' X " '' ) do not sell this one . I reserve it ! the owner use he sleeve to rub the bicycle clean where she touch it . he look down at she with a glimmer in he eye . the call for dhuhur prayer interrupt the moment . he cover he goods with a big black blanket . Wajda watch as the blanket fall over she bicycle . 29 30 21. ext . the neighborhood street - day 29 Abdullah be amongst a crowd of men head to pray at the mosque by the toy shop along with he father and mustach uncle . as Wajda see he she turn away and hide the distinguishing yellow flower on she veil under she abbayah . as she turn back Abdullah see she in the crowd . they look at each other . she gesture with she eye to the handle of the green bicycle show underneath the blanket . Abdullah rub he finger together to show that it will take money to buy it . Wajda take out twenty riyal from she pocket and wave it defiantly at he . she turn she head proudly and strut off . int . wajda's parent 's room - night 30 Wajda 's on she mother 's bed , leg on the headboard , she toenail now paint blue . her mother sit in front of the mirror straighten she hair and sing beautifully . mother I will write you a love letter . tell you how much I miss you ... she take another lock of hair and run the iron over it . mother ( cont 'd ) I wish I could cut my hair short like lubna Abdul Aziz . wajda do it . mother you Father love my long hair . ( sing ) I will write you a love letter . tell you how much I miss you ... she take out a bandana to wrap she hair and see a new tube of lipstick in front of she . the mother look at Wajda in the mirror with a touch smile . Wajda see she mother smile and turn away shyly . her mother apply the lipstick . mother ( cont 'd ) I would thank you for this but I be afraid to ask where you get the money . do you ask you grandmother for it ? 31 32 22. wajda I sell she stuff ! it 's not charity ! mother I do not want you go over there ! you Father finish he shift early tomorrow night . what should we cook ? margoog ? wajda I hate margoog . and be he go to give I my allowance this month or be he go to skip it again ? mother ( irone she hair ) you Father love margoog . we will cook it for he . wajda cook I kapsa ! he 's pay the second wife 's dowry off with my allowance ! Wajda 's mother stop irone , she body language become stiff and tense . Wajda redden , her mother remain silent , tie the bandana into place , rise , and exit to the kitchen . int . school corridor - day 31 as Wajda she see Ms. hussa at the end of the hall , glaring intensely at she . int . ms. hussa' office - day 32 a avalanche of item come pour out of Wajda 's backpack onto the desk as Ms. hussa shake out its content . Wajda sit nervously in a chair . the rock she Father give she tumble off the desk and onto the floor next to she . Ms. hussa shake she head as she go through the bracelet , cassettes , schoolbook , notebook and candy bar . she pick up one of the tape and relax back into she chair . 23 . ms . hussa ( authoritatively ) tape full of love song , bracelet , all of this ... you know be not allow in school ! she open a folder , signing papers as she talk . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) abeer be always a good girl . do you know how she end up get pick up with a strange boy by the religious police ? Wajda remain silent , try not to fidget . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) thank God they find someone to marry she off to , it 's not like she family will let she come back to school after this . Ms. hussa stop signing , sit back in she chair and stare at Wajda , who look back at she nervously . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) so , do you arrange this whole rendezvous for abeer and she lover ? wajda ( defensively ) no , I do not ! ms . hussa do not lie . I know you take part in this . I just do not know how . what shall we do with you now ? expel you ? suddenly she secretary , ms. jamila , enter the room . Ms. hussa stop and look at the folder in she hand . Wajda look down and notice she black stone . she quickly pocket it . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) ( to Ms. jamila ) just a moment please . ( to Wajda ) you may go back to you class . we will finish this matter later . Wajda take she notebook off of the desk and put they slowly back into she backpack . she walk towards the door . 24 . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) and Wajda , wear normal black shoe like all the other girl ! 33 int . mrs . hussa' office / corridor - day 33 Wajda stand outside and listen . ms . hussa call Wajda 's mother and see if she can come in for a meeting tomorrow . we have to decide once and for all , what to do about that girl . Wajda become terrify . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) now what be this ? ms . jamila ( 0.s. ) the proposal for the Koran competition in the religion club . we just need you signature to request the prize money award . $ 800 riyal . Wajda 's ear perk up at the amount of money . thinks ... ms . hussa ( 0.s. ) at least we have something good to show the superintendent . thank God not all the girl be delinquent . all right , let 's get start on it . Wajda 's heart race . she pull together all she courage and knock on Ms. hussa 's door . 34 int . ms. hussa' office - day 34 Ms. hussa take a deep breath , and look at Wajda , who nervously cross she foot to cover she black high top . wajda I think about what you say . I be wrong and be ready to change . I would like to join the religious club . ms . hussa ( incredulous ) you be become a shiekha all of a sudden ? 35 25 . wajda maybe I will learn something . you know .. to put I on the righteous path . Ms. hussa peer at she , suspiciously . ms . hussa I will call you mother tomorrow and speak to she about this . if we agree , it 's you last chance . int . the kitchen - evening 35 Wajda 's mother make margoog , work handfuls of dough between she hand while she sing . Wajda cut the dough as the mother put some in the pan . mother I will write you a love letter . tell you how much I miss you ... wajda do not you wish you be a singer ? you sing so well ! Wajda 's mother feign shock . mother never ! I seek refuge to God from what you say ! woman 's voice should not carry beyond the front door . her mother continue sing , now perform dramatically . mother ( cont 'd ) I will write you a love letter ; tell you how much I miss you . explain my pain in you absence . Wajda join she mother in sing . wajda and her mother why do you leave ? you forget we night ? I will write you a love letter ... Wajda and she mother laugh together . after a moment ... 36 26 . wajda so I have save up 87 riyal already and I only need 413 to get the bicyc -- mother ( annoyed ) ouuuff ! again ! we close this subject ! you be not get a bicycle . it be haram ! they stand in silence while they cook idly . Wajda sigh and after a moment smile and look away casually . wajda they say I need to wear the full abbayah to school from now on . I also register in the religious study club . the mother smile reluctantly . mother wow , wear the full abbayah now , religious study , someone have become a woman , maybe we will marry you off ! wajda ( scowling ) ha ha . that 's not funny . her mother try not to smile , act busy with she cooking . she put last bit of dough in the pan , wash she hand and go to the bedroom . mother come with I . int . wajda's parent 's room - night 36 the mother pull out a abbayah from the cabinet and hand it to Wajda . mother try this . ( laugh ) ) it might be long for you . carry it like this : her mother bunch she dress up in she hand and walk around the room as if she be wear high heel . Wajda copy she exaggerated movement . 37 38 27 . wajda just like Ms. hussa ! ( bashful ) ) oh no , a thief ! she shake she butt and pretend to scamper away . wajda ( cont 'd ) I know ! the girl tell I the story about the thief that jump the fence of they house to see she ... mother ( suppress a smile ) shame on you , talk like this . we do not know , it could have be a thief . they burst into laughter together . Wajda put on the abbayah and the veil while she mother look out the window . mother ( cont 'd ) you uncle 's wedding be come up , you know . I have to buy something really nice so all the other woman know what they be up against . Wajda turn to she mother , all in black . the phone ring . int . kitchen - day 37 her mother talk on the phone while check the margoog . mother I be so sorry , leila . iqbal we driver be so rude . he shout at poor aiesha today . aiesha who never raise she voice ! she cry the whole three hour on the way home . int . wajda be room - evening 38 Wajda count she money . the abbayah be on the bed . she go to the list with " 500 riyal " write at the top , cross out " 25 riyal " and count and sort the banknote she have . wajda 45 , 55 , 60 , 65 , 70 , 75 , 80 , 81 , 82 , 83 , 84 , 85 , 86 ... 87 riyal . she write " 87 riyal " on the chart . 39 40 28. mother ( 0.s. ) leila , dear , we be completely full . honestly , you would be better off with another driver . Wajda kiss the money with a enthusiastic " smack " and put it in the drawer . mother ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) really ? abeer ? daughter of mariam ? how do she even end up in a car with he ? who be he ? of course , he 's a playboy like he Father . ( laugh ) you have to admit , he be good look . Wajda sit up on the edge of the chair , concerned . mother ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Religious police ? mariam must be die ! they should have marry she off a long time ago . pretty girl be like curse . they hear the front door open and someone come in . int . the kitchen - day 39 mother I have to go , we Father have just come . keep I in the loop on this abeer scandal . yalla bye . she quickly hang up , remove she bandana and fix she hair . int . wajda's room - day 40 Wajda sit in she room wait and look concerned . her mother peek in . mother go and say hello to you Father as I prepare he dinner . what 's wrong ? be you okay ? do not worry we will not marry you off ... ( smile ) not just yet ! 4l 29 . int . the majlis - day 41 her Father sit on the floor play a video game on the tv . his gutra and ogal be fold up next to he with a brand new cell phone on top . a string of light blue prayer bead be next to he as well . he turn and smile at she . Wajda walk past he to a side table and casually turn a frame certificate of excellence in math towards he . he quickly glance at it . she collapse casually onto the couch . father I be lose , I should have stay with my usual fighter . on the screen a warrior rest , haggard from the fight . father ( cont 'd ) ( teasing ) so be that a real certificate or a fake one like you make last year ? wajda what ?! I be great at math , do you want to hear ... ( mispronounce it ) pythagoreium 's theory ? it 's a miracle of God , all the thing come out the same ! father sound like you know what you be talk about . he laugh and continue play . she wait a moment , then ... wajda I be save to buy a bicycle ! her Father be so focus on he game he do not hear she . he lose and the music announce the end of the match . he lean back . father oh , where be the margoog ? do not you mother finish cooking ? Wajda watch he as he run he prayer bead idly between he finger . her mother enter and set dish on a little mat on the floor just beside the Father who light up at she presence . she be all dress up , look she best . 42 43 30 . father ( cont 'd ) Wajda , who be this movie star who just enter ? look at this hair , a beautiful black waterfall of silk ! the mother toss back she hair , pleased , but hide it . mother cut it out ! ( teasing , yet bitter ) a movie star huh ? then why be you mother check all over town for available woman for you ? the Father look up and they eye meet with pain look . he reach out and put he hand on hers . she pause for a second and look at he tenderly . she playfully pull she hand away and toss she hair over she shoulder . he burst into a charming laugh and pull she towards he . Wajda watch they together , happily . father I be not sure she 's work that hard ! sit and play with I ! she laugh seductively while she frees herself and continue set up the plate . wajda let I play ! I will take the old guy ! prepare to die ! she jump off the couch while the Father be laugh . int . classroom - day 42 Wajda sit in class , look out the doorway into the corridor . suddenly she see she mother walk with ms hussa to she office and go rigid . her mother nervously fix she hair and adjust she blouse . ext . street in front of the toy shop - day 43 frazzle , Wajda walk quickly home stare straight ahead . she look up and see the bicycle in front of the shop . the toy shop owner sit , drink tea with another man . a beard man approach . the other man put down he tea cup and quickly exit . 44 45 46 31 . the owner get up to walk into the store with the bearded man . the owner be try to be cordial with he . the man break one of the toy . Wajda hurry off . she hear the man shouting . beard man ( 0.s. ) no idol ! do not you fear God ? int . the kitchen - day 44 the mother clean a pile of dish from the previous night . one slip off she shaking hand and fall to the ground . she lean on the edge of the sink and yell loudly . mother all this for a bicycle that you will never have as long as I be alive . do you think I will wait around until you get expell ?!! int . wajda's room - day 45 Wajda cover she ear as she mother break another dish - on purpose this time . Wajda turn on the radio to a rock song . mother ( 0.s. ) and turn off that damn radio and that evil song ! you be no better than abeer . she 's stay home and she parent be marrying she off . and that be what we will do with you too ! there 's no school for you tomorrow ! Wajda turn it off and lie down , look at she shoe . int . live room - night 46 Wajda 's mother pace , talk on the phone , agitate . mother I know iqbal , but my daughter have a problem at school . I do not have time to tell you . you be pay for the trip whether I be there or not . do not come tomorrow . ( pause ) how dare you speak to I that way ? ( more ) 47 32 . mother ( cont 'd ) do you think you be the only driver in town ?.. Fine ! I will find someone else ! she slam the phone down hard and lean back into the couch . int . wajda be room - night 47 Wajda sit on she bed with she knee to she chin , coloring in the white toe and sole of she shoe with a black marker . she pull out the color lace and sadly replace they with black twine from she bracelet . we hear the door open and she Father come in . Wajda try to listen . mother ( 0.s . ) really ? I should pay for it ? why can not you pay for something for once ? father ( 0.s . ) what about you transportation allowance ? you should use it instead of do that group where you all pool you money . Wajda put down she shoe and lean she head on the door . mother ( 0.s. ) yeah , and what about the dowry money , you handsome groom ? father ( 0.s. ) do you think I want to support two family ? I be the joke of the town . be you go to give I a son ? we both know that be not go to happen . ( frustrated ) forget it , and do not count on I come next week at all ! mother ( 0.s . ) ( yell after he ) I do not care ! go to you mother 's house to discuss potential bride all night ! a door slam , then only silence . Wajda 's eye fall on the chart she make to map out she savings for the bicycle . 48 49 50 33. int . wajda's room - day 48 as Wajda prepare to leave for school she look through the half open door of she mother 's room . her mother 's talk on the phone , she hair a mess , look exhaust . mother can not you count it as emergency leave ? I still have some day . you know I have be work hard , cover for everyone . I will open up for the entire month if I have to . okay , thank you , see you tomorrow . she hang up , distraught then see Wajda through the doorway . mother ( cont 'd ) where do you think you be go ? do not you hear I yesterday ? wajda I sort everything out with Ms. hussa ! mother back to you room and do not come out . I do not want to see you today at all , I do not want to hear a peep from you - nothing ! wajda be not you go to work today ? mother ( sarcastic ) no darling , I be stay here to watch over you . happy ? the mother get into bed and roll over , cover herself with the blanket . int . wajda be room - day 49 Wajda turn on the radio and lower the volume until it 's barely audible . she look through she doorway at the house - key hang by the front door . she can see she mother on the couch , smoking , watch tv , completely depressed . int . hallway - day 50 Wajda sneak past she mother to the stairwell to the roof . 51 52 53 34 . ext . courtyard of wajda's house - day 51 Wajda carefully lower herself down a pipe along the side of the house . she slip and she black rock fall from she pocket onto the ground . through the window she see she mother cover herself and rush over . she pull herself against the wall and freeze . the mother look out , cautiously . Wajda hold onto the pipe , hold she breath . her mother finally return to the couch and Wajda lower herself down . she open the gate , take gum out of she mouth and stick in into the lock so it do not close completely . ext . abdullah' school - day 52 Wajda wait by the boy ' school , hide behind a wall , until Abdullah finally arrive on he bicycle . Wajda throw a stone next to he and he look over , surprised to see she . wajda do you know how to go to adira ? ext . adira STREET - day 53 Wajda ride on the back of Abdullah 's bicycle as he pedal they along . as they pass the toy shop she see the green bicycle glimmer in the distance . his foot spin the pedal . abdullah you have to get off once we see someone on the road . I do not want people to talk about I . and cover you face , I will say you be my sister ! wajda no one will believe you , I be too good look to be related to you ! abdullah yeah right . and be not the principal go to call you mother for skip school like this ? wajda I be take a personal day . they approach a busy road . Wajda get off and walk alongside he . 35 . they arrive to a older part of the town where foreign worker pass by . a indian man sit in front of a house , smoking . Wajda approach he , cautiously . wajda ( cont 'd ) hey , do you know where iqbal the driver life ? the man do you know how many " iqbal " driver there be around here , little girl ? Wajda shrug . they continue search the area , from one street to the other . Wajda suddenly see the minibus with the tape headlight park next to a dilapidate house . she move closer and look into the car . she see the picture of the little girl place on the dashboard . she motion for Abdullah to knock at the door , but he shake he head and stand behind he bicycle . abdullah it 's you war ! wajda Fine ! Wajda frown at he and knock at the door . she wait several moment and look over at Abdullah , who look away , ashamed . she knock again and the door slowly open . iqbal stumble out , rub sleep from he eye and see Wajda . iqbal you ! what do you want ? wajda you can not do this ! you..you .. Wajda be overtaken by emotion and can not speak . iqbal dismiss she and try to close the door . suddenly Abdullah put he foot inside . abdullah ( assertively ) where be you iqamah ( residency card ) ? iqbal look at he threateningly , enraged . iqbal go away ! 54 36 . abdullah ( more assertively ) it be a good job , there be no problem . just go back to it and we will all forget about this incident . do you know who my uncle be ? the one with the moustache ? have you see he election poster ? I be sure he would be interested to look further into you legal status . Abdullah hold he ground as Wajda fold she arm behind he , look at iqbal challengingly . ext . the neighborhood street - day 54 Wajda laugh hard as she run after Abdullah , riding ahead on he bicycle . Wajda mimic he . wajda '' do not you know my uncle ? with the giant mustache ? '' Abdullah laugh as he dismount . abdullah he know he , right ? that mustache be a register trademark ! Abdullah direct she attention to a house busy with men come in and out . he direct she away from the scene . abdullah ( cont 'd ) they son put stuff around he waist that blow up and die . boom ! he act out pull a cord and make a explosive noise . wajda he 's crazy ! that must have hurt . abdullah no , if you die for God , it 's like a prick of a needle , and then you fly up and you have seventy woman ! wajda really ? she act out a big explosion . 55 56 57 37 . wajda ( cont 'd ) boom ! seventy bicycle ! Abdullah lean he bicycle against the wall and run towards a small grocery store . he shout back to she . abdullah it do not work that way . stay with the bicycle so no one steal it . Wajda lean on it and strike a pose ala marlon brando in the " the Wild one . '' int . courtyard of wajda's house - day 55 Wajda look through the window at she mother , lie on the couch . as soon as she get up , Wajda duck down quickly . she wait for she mother to go to the bathroom and then sneak inside . int . wajda's room - day 56 Wajda lie on she bed , exhaust . she look over at she savings chart and sort she money again . wajda 60 , 70 , 80 , 85 , 86 , 87 riyal .. her mother poke she head inside and Wajda shove the money under she pillow , feign innocence and repentance . mother have enough ? Wajda nod . mother ( cont 'd ) tomorrow you can return to school , but you be join that religious club , like you tell Ms. hussa . int . the mosque - day 57 Wajda 's black converse dangle above the floor while she sit at a row of desk with twenty other girl . on the blackboard the koran teacher write " the Religious Club : agenda " then turn to the class . 38 . koran teacher let 's compile all the storey we know about torment in the grave and make a pamphlet for the whole school . any idea ? noura ( raise she hand ) I want to tell the story of the giant snake from Hell that be send to torture the girl that do not pray after she die . wadja be busy draw a picture of a bicycle when she hear Ms. hussa 's high heel approach . behind Wajda , yasmine whisper to noura , giggle . yasmine there be a thief at Ms. hussa 's house ... noura it be she lover , not a thief ! her Father think it be a thief and call the police ! a conservative older girl , salma , shush they . salma if she say it be a thief , then it be a thief . noura ( roll she eye ) of course you would think that , salma . the only man that would ever speak to you would have to be a thief . salma look down , eye water . the girl giggle then compose themselves as Ms. hussa enter . koran teacher Girls , Ms. hussa be here to explain the koranic competition rule . it 's only five week away . I will pass around a sign up sheet . the teacher hand out the sheet as Wajda tun the page to hide the bicycle draw . Ms. hussa glance at Wajda , then at the class . 58 59 39 . ms . hussa first , we have increase the amount for the prize . it be now 1,000 instead of 800 riyal . you will have to learn all the long suras ( the first 4 chapter of the Koran ) . Wajda raise she eyebrow . she flip through the Koran on she desk and measure the amount of paper she would have to learn . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) the competition be two part : you will to study the associate vocabulary along with the reason why the verse be descend from heaven . you also have to learn the verse and the proper recitation . the correct tone , rhythm and pace be very important . Wajda sneak a look at she bicycle draw and watch the sign up sheet as it pass from one girl to another , nervously . salma be the first to sign up follow by noura and then yasmine ... the sheet finally come to she and Wajda scribbles she name . noura raise a eyebrow and look to yasmine as Wajda smugly bring it up , hand it to intrigue Ms. hussa and smile . ext . STREET in front of the toy shop - day 58 walk home from school , Wajda stop , check out the bicycle and then walk inside with determination . int . toy shop - day 59 she exchange a glance with the owner as he count he receipt . he flip over a record on the player . wajda do you know they invent a new thing call a tape player ? toy shop owner do you plan on buy anything ? wajda how would I know ? people need to browse , do not they ? 60 61 40 . nonchalantly , she walk around in the aisle pretend to look at other toy . her eye stay focus on the bicycle section . she look up to see the owner look at she as he organize he record and she quickly turn away . she head to the computer game section and look at one that say " learn the Koran the easy way . " she study it , think . toy shop owner you will not find any tape back there . we only have CD 's . he smile , mockingly . Wajda look back , suppress a smile . wajda thank you very much ! see you tomorrow on she way out the door Wajda slowly pass by the bicycle and run she finger through the ribbon on the handlebar . toy shop owner can you even ride one ? wajda ( confidently ) ride ? I race the wind . Wajda trip as she exit . the owner laugh in amusement and turn up the record player . int . photo shop - day 60 Wajda walk up to the counter and pull out a photo . wajda can you put this picture on a mug ? the picture show a veile woman hold a smile baby girl . ext . the neighborhood street - day 61 as Wajda wait for she mug , at the front of the store , she throw she rock idly up in the air , keep a eye on the bicycle next door . Abdullah ride up on he bicycle , which be load down with roll of light and extension cord . 41. abdullah hey , where 's you bicycle ? I think you be get the nice green one ! ha ! wajda ( furious ) I will , I have a plan . abdullah ( laugh ) I be sure you do , but it do not seem to be work . as he pedal away , the shopkeeper come out and hand Wajda the mug . she take 15 riyal out of she pocket , look at the money , sigh and reluctantly hand it to he . Wajda run after Abdullah , determine to catch he . he laugh and try to pedal away , but be weigh down by the light . Wajda close in on he , and pull he down to the ground by grab the string of light over he shoulder . wajda ( breathe heavily ) I just sign up for a koranic recitation competition . I will get a thousand riyal by the end of the semester . I will buy a bicycle anda helmet like people on tv . I will race you and win ! abdullah yeah .. Race I and win .. in you dream , little girl ! he laugh again , get back on the bicycle and pedal off . wajda ( yell ) I catch you do not I ? abdullah I let you catch I ! 62 int . wajda's room - day 62 Wajda count she remain money . wajda 57 , 58 , 59 , 60 , 61 ...62 riyal . 63 64 42 . she sigh , pick up the mug , and stare at the picture on it . int . live room - day 63 the tv be on , mute , in the background . Wajda lay on the floor . she look up at the tv and see a commercial for the movie the '' matrix '' . Wajda 's mother , hold a phone to she ear , look at she disapprovingly . her mother collect herself and turn away from Wajda . her hair be up , with a few curl dangle seductively on she neck . she smile , flirtatiously . mother come on , do not you miss we ? it 's be almost two week . be you punish we or have you already find someone new ?.. if I be the original brand , why do you look for imitation ? after flirt with the Father she mother hang up , worried , go into she room and make another call . Wajda take the chance to put the mug on the table . mother ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I collect the money from the other girl for you , leila . it 's be with I for sometime now . be not you come to take it ?.. really ! you be work in the hospital across the road ? what do you husband say ? do not he mind you work with man ?! ( pause ) what ? yes , great , we be home . she hang up . Wajda watch she go to she dresser and pull a wad of money from a drawer . the doorbell ring . her mother notice Wajda 's curiosity and start to close the door . mother ( cont 'd ) go see who it be . int . hallway - day 64 Wajda open the door and see Abdullah , hold a roll up extension cord over he shoulder . they stare at each other in a confrontational way . Wajda act annoyed . wajda what do you want ? 43 . abdullah my uncle want I to string up this light all the way down the street . can I attach they to you roof ? and by the way you never say thank you ! wajda use the neighbor ; we do not care about you uncle or he mustache . thanks for what ? abdullah ( annoyed ) they do not have a pole to hang they on . your be the only roof that will work . " thanks " for take you all the way to adira and fix the driver situation . he 's take you mother again , right ? wajda ( look at he bicycle ) hold on . she slam the door and run to she mother 's room . 65 int . live room - day 65 wajda ( yell through the door ) hey mother ! abdulla Al noufi want to use we roof to string up light for the election so he uncle with the mustache will win . her mother open the door , hold the mug , smile at Wajda . Wajda smile back upon see the mug . mother thank you , sweetie . you be such a cute baby . ( frown suddenly ) tell the boy to go away . his uncle be not even from we tribe and we will not vote for he . 66 ext . front of wajda's house - evening 66 Abdullah stand , impatiently . Wajda come back , think . 67 44 , wajda ( casually ) I will let you onto the roof if you bring you bicycle . they look at each other defiantly across the doorway . they both turn as a minibus full of foreign , mostly filipino , nurse stop in front of they building . a fully cover Saudi woman , leila , jump out . the minibus wait , idling . leila hurry up the stair towards Wajda . she accidentally bump into Abdullah as he try to move out of the way . leila hey Wajda , it 's I leila . she remove she veil and expose she face , smile . leila ( cont 'd ) you look so grow up and cute ! Wajda glance at Abdullah , make sure he hear the compliment . he get on he bicycle and pedal away . leila ( cont 'd ) can you call you mother ? the bus be wait . just then she mother appear behind she . she stand just behind the front gate , hide from stranger . mother you traitor ! I can not believe you be work so close to my house without even tell I ! int . hallway - day 67 leila ( laugh ) work at the hospital be great . it pay more , they provide transportation and I do not have to endure someone like iqbal for three hour every day ! both woman laugh . Wajda 's mother hand leila the money . leila ( cont 'd ) thank you , dear . when be you turn ? 45 . mother next month . I want to buy a nice dress for she uncle 's engagement . she gesture at Wajda , kick a rock on the ground . mother ( cont 'd ) all the other potential wife will be attend he brother 's wedding as well . leila God be with the one he choose -- you might rip she heart out that night ! Wajda laugh and the mother glare at she . leila ( cont 'd ) be he go to drive you to the wedding so he see you before you go to the woman 's section ? mother no , he mother be take we ina cab ! the minivan honk . leila ugh . I have to go . oh before I forget , they be hire at the hospital . think about it . it 's closer and we can chat all day ! mother ( roll she eye ) my husband would kill I . he 's so jealous . he could not stand the think of other man look at I ! leila ( laugh ) cut it out ! you blame everything on he . if you change you mind , call I ! I will keep a application at reception for you . as she leave , the mother watch leila , enviously . 68 46 . int . the mosque - day 68 Wajda 's black color shoe sit in a pile with all of the other by the door . the girl sit on the floor in a circle . Wajda sit patiently , focus on the teacher . the Koran teacher have salma pass out a copy to each student from a small shelf in the corner of the room . koran teacher now girl let 's start we program . but before we start , I know some of you may have get you period , so you be not allow to touch the Koran . some of the girl giggle . koran teacher ( cont ’d ) this be not a laugh matter . you be young lady now . you body be fragile like flower and there be danger lurking around every corner . all right , let 's read . yasmine flip the page , use a kleenex . the teacher look at Wajda , sarcastically . koran teacher ( cont ’d ) let 's start with the new face in we group - Wajda . start with surat al nisa , from ayat 59 . Wajda slowly open the book , look at the page , and look at the teacher . the teacher look at she sternly . wajda ( read in break pace ) o you who have believe , obey Allah and obey the Messenger and that in authority among you . and if you disagree over anything ... koran teacher ( correct she ) «refer it to Allah and the Messenger ... wajda ( repeat the teacher ) ...- refer it to Allah and the Messenger , if you should believe in Allah and the last Day . that be the best [ way ] and best in result ... 69 47 . koran teacher ( hold out she hand ) stop , please . noura , continue . noura ( in perfect harmony ) ... refer it to Allah and the Messenger , if you should believe in Allah and the last Day . that be the best [ way ] and best in result koran teacher beautiful as always , noura . Wajda look at noura with extreme envy . ext . schoolyard - day 69 fatin and fatima once again look at a football magazine and take off they shoe to paint they toenail . fatima where be the blue nail polish ? I hide it under there the other day . Wajda approach but duck back just as Ms. hussa swoops down on the two girl . fatin and fatima cover they foot , look panicked . they push the magazine under each other 's clothes . ms . hussa what be you do here ? why be you hand under she skirt ? the girl freeze in they track . Wajda stand motionless , watch . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) this be all we need at we school : two girl hide in the back yard , put they hand all over each other ! tell I what that mean ? the girl recoil from each other , mortify . ms. hussa ( cont ’d ) '' sorry '' be not go to cut it this time . in my office . now ! 70 71 72 48. ext . school - later 70 Wajda see fatin and fatima leave the school , extremely upset . they pull they veil down cover they angry face . crowd of girl bump past Wajda , all wear black abbayah . Wajda wearily put on hers as well . int . the toy shop - day 71 Wajda head straight to the bicycle and run she hand over it . she see that it be lock down with a chain . the owner come out with a box . toy shop owner what be you do ? still browsing ? wajda no . I know what I be here to get . she pick up the " learn the Koran the easy way " game while the owner restock the shelf , watch she . wajda ( cont 'd ) how much ? toy shop owner only 80 riyal .. Cheaper than a bicycle . wajda ( in a polite tone ) how about 62 ? ext . the roof of wajda's house - day 72 Wajda sit on Abdullah 's bicycle , try to turn it in circle on the small flat surface of the roof . she awkwardly pedal and turn , barely keep she balance . Abdullah fasten a hook with light attach . he look over at a crudely construct mess of metal hang off the edge . abdullah what be that ? she look at he defensively , offended . wajda what do you think ? it 's a antennae . I can get signal from beyond you world on that thing . ( more ) 49 . wajda ( cont 'd ) how do you think I make my " awesome mix tape '' ? abdullah ( while he work ) with all the people shouting ? '' awesome '' indeed . my uncle now listen to the Koran radio station . he will speak on the channel now . they have all that famous Koran reader . '' it make you heart melt , '' my uncle say . wajda ( she hand over she heart ) he should hear my mother sing ! she should have a channel of she own . Wajda lean over against the railing to push herself along on the bicycle . she idly switch a break bare light - bulb on and off on the side wall . abdullah stop , you will burn it out ! wajda it do not work anyway . she look down at the campaign tent . wajda ( cont 'd ) why do you uncle look different now ? in the poster the uncle have shave he mustache and have grow out a big beard . abdullah do not you hear ? Men should not shave they beard ! it be haram ! what do they teach you at school ? wajda ( challengingly ) I do not know . '' woman 's stuff . '' we '' special day of the month '' ... she burst into fit of laughter as Abdullah , embarrassed , go back to work . Wajda balance awkwardly on the bicycle and ring the little bell . 73 50 . abdullah ( smile while he work ) everyone in the neighborhood will hear you ringing that bell . wajda who care ? look , I be a natural . she swerve and fall hard . Abdullah giggle . abdullah yeah right . all that fuss for a bicycle and you do not even know how to ride ? wajda how would I ? where would I ride a bicycle ? she make a face as Abdullah jump up and stand behind she . abdullah go ahead . he hold the bicycle steady and trot alongside she while she go in circle around the edge of the roof . int . wajda be room - night 73 Wajda sit on she bed tuning she radio . she stop , linger , then idly turn to the Koran station . announcer you be listen to the one and only Koran station . tune in to hear you favorite reader . now , Al hudafi will recite surat al baqara . reader ( v.o. ) in the name of Allah , the beneficent , the merciful . alif Lam mim . this Book , there be no doubt in it , be a guide to that who guard against evil . she lie down in she bed listen . her gaze fall on the video game she just buy . her mother come in and close the Koran . mother do not leave the Koran open ! Satan will spit in it ! 74 75 51 . Wajda jump up , take the video game box and leave . int . live room - day 74 Wajda sit on the floor try to hook the game to the small tv in the live room . she fiddle around with the cord . wajda this game do not work on we '' state - of - the-art tv '' . her mother look perplex , then realize . mother do not even think of it . you Father will go mad if you mess up he tv . Wajda sigh , stare at the lock majlis door , where she Father 's tv sit . int . the mosque - day 75 Wajda listen as the teacher finish a lesson passionately . koran teacher Wajda , what do you think ? Wajda take a moment and exchange a glance with noura , who elbow yasmine and roll she eye . wajda I think this competition be very hard for I . noura and the girl all giggle . wajda ( cont 'd ) but I hear on the Koran channel yesterday that if it be easy for you , you get only one reward . but if it be hard for you to read and remember you get two reward . one for read the Koran and one for the trouble you go through ! koran teacher thank you , Wajda , for share this with we . Girls , I want you all to take Wajda as a example of a person who try hard and be devote to God . 76 52 . noura and she croney look dumbfounded . wajda ( surprised ) thank you ! another teacher pass by and motion for the Koran teacher . they talk for a moment . she look over at Wajda . koran teacher Ms. hussa say she need to see you . go to she room now . I tell she how well you be do . int . ms. hussa' office - day 76 Wajda stand nervously in front of Ms. hussa 's desk . ms . hussa Wajda , I have to say , I do not believe it but apparently you be do well in class . if this be a permanent thing I will be very impressed . Wajda put on a polite smile . Ms. hussa look through a filing cabinet . she deliberately pull out a file , look at it , and put it on she desk . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) you may not believe it , but I be a little reckless at you age too . and look at I now . Wajda watch Ms. hussa sit back and thumb through the file . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) if you keep go the way you be go , I believe you may actually be able to win this competition . she lean over and press a button on the intercom . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) Ms. jamila ? please come by later and pick up the Koran competition file . all of the question be complete now . thank you . she lean back in she chair and push the folder to the front of she desk , towards Wajda . 53 . ms.hussa I will bet the other girl would die to know what be in that folder . Wajda look at the folder on the desk , puzzle . a knock and then and fatin and fatima walk in . ms . hussa Close the door , please . fatin politely turn , close the door and stand next to fatima . Wajda be surprised to see the girl and shuffles she foot nervously . Ms. hussa sit back . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) so you still insist that you be not do anything there behind the school ? fatima we be read magazine and that 's all , but nothing like what you mention . ( to Wajda ) ask she ! Ms. hussa tap she finger on the folder on she desk , look at Wajda . Wajda look at the girl , who look at she confidently , sure she will back they up . Wajda look at Ms. hussa , then look down uncomfortably . wajda I be not sure . I be stand far away . the girl gawk at she in disbelief . Wajda avoid they gaze . Ms. hussa look at the girl , smugly . they stare at Wajda . wajda ( cont 'd ) well , I be worried the man on the faraway building would recognize I because of my vest ... she pause as Ms. hussa look at she with slight impatience . wajda ( cont 'd ) it 's a very distinct vest . 77 78 54 . ms . hussa I see . thank you , that 's enough . so we may never know if they be just painting they toe nail as they say . there be not even any nail polish . Ms. hussa look accusingly at the two girl , then to Wajda with a satisfied smile . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) Wajda , thank you very much , you may return to you class . please take this folder out to my secretary , Ms. jamila . and close the door behind you . Wajda take the folder from Ms. hussa and turn to leave . the taller girl move out of the way so she can exit . they tower over she , glaring as she tiny figure pass between they . int . school corridor - day 77 Wajda stand in the empty corridor , stare at the folder in she hand . she open the folder and be about to read as the conversation carry over from Ms. hussa 's office ms . hussa ( 0.s. ) it 's only a few word , just sign it and we will all forget it . fatin ( 0.s. ) ( almost cry ) no ! we be not touch each other ! the bell ring and the noise of other girl overwhelm the scene . Wajda look at the folder and back towards hussa 's office . she close the folder and enter the next room . int . ms. jamila' office - day 78 Ms. jamila be by a cabinet . she look at Wajda as she enter . ms . jamila be that the competition folder ? wajda ( hand it to she ) yes , Ms. hussa tell I to give this to you . as she hand it over and leave Ms. jamila open the folder . 79 80 81 55 . ms . jamila weird , the page be empty . int . wajda's room - day 79 the fajr prayer ring out . Wajda 's mother wake she up , tenderly . mother wake up , little troublemaker , it 's time for school . Wajda rub the sleep from she eye and look over at the bottle of blue nail polish next to she money - save chart . int . bathroom - day 80 Wajda stand on a stool next to she mother as they wash for prayer . wajda I see girl on tv riding bicycle . why do not you give I the money to buy it ? I know you have money . I see it in the drawer . mother here , girl do not ride bicycle . you will not be able to have child if you ride a bicycle ! wajda you do not ride a bicycle and you can not have child ! her mother drop she towel on the floor , turn to Wajda in anguish . mother how could you say that ? I almost die have you ! wash for prayer ! int . live room - day 81 they put they prayer rug in place and line up to pray . wajda ( provocatively ) I be not go to school today . go ahead , marry I off . 82 83 84 56 . mother you want to stay home ? Fine . but we be go to the mall for my dress the second I come home today ! Water drip from the faucet in the bathroom . the sound mix with the imam 's voice announce the start of fajr prayer from the nearby mosque . imam ( 0.s. ) qad qamat Al slalah the mother get ready and raise she hand up near to she ear . Wajda follow . mother allhu akbar . she move she lip silently recite the prayer . ext . front of wajda's house - early morning 82 Wajda 's mother rush out of the front gate with all of she supplies , follow by Wajda . the mother look up to see the string of light attach to they roof . she look down at Wajda , who look away , still upset . her mother take she thing and get into the car . mother ( indicate the light ) we will talk about that later . iqbal glare at Wajda . she stick a finger under she nose , indicate a mustache , reminiscent of Abdullah 's threat . iqbal hurry back into the car , spew curse . the bus jolt away , blow gray smoke as they embark . int . wajda's parent room - day 83 Wajda open several drawer in she mother 's dresser . when she open the top drawer she move aside some clothes to reveal a large wad of money . she flip through the note , count they one by one . she contemplate the money for a while , and look over at she mother 's almost empty closet . she put the money back , close the drawer and leave . int . the kitchen - day 84 Wajda open a small box underneath the cabinet next to the oven and pull out a ring hold all the house key . 85 86 87 57 . int . the majlis - day 85 the majlis door be open with the key in its lock . Wajda sit in front of she Father 's nice , new tv with a game controller in hand . the video game box be open and empty . video game choose the correct answer : who be the sabian ? wajda the what ? she hit a button . video game incorrect ! try again . who be the sabian ? wajda okay , mister ..um ... she hit another button . video game incorrect ! try again . who be the sabian ? frustrate , she throw the console onto the floor . wajda how be I suppose to know ?? suddenly , the doorbell ring . int . the stairway leading up to the roof - day 86 Wajda and Abdullah carry the bicycle up , both out of breath . wajda I do not care if they memorize everything . I will be better ! I will beat they all ! I be get good ! not want to argue , Abdullah push the bicycle upwards . ext . the roof of wajda's house - day 87 Abdullah put the bicycle down . Wajda see that it have two additional training wheel and get angry . 88 58. wajda what be this ? abdullah it will help you learn . I need to work on the light . I can not push you all day . Wajda violently smashes the light , stomping she foot . wajda I can not recite and I can not ride ! I hate you . and ... she collapse to the floor , cry . Abdullah go over to the bicycle , take off the wheel , then sit next to she . abdullah here , I take they off . Wajda do not move . he reach into he pocket and take out some note . abdullah ( cont 'd ) I will give you 5 riyal if you stop cry . with one hand cover she eye , Wajda 's other hand reach out and snatch the money . she put it in she pocket , raise she head and wipe she nose . she look up at the ribbon on the handlebar , sway in the breeze . she square she shoulder , get up and head over . ext . iqbal be car —- day 88 Wajda and she mother ride silently in the back of the car . as they pass the toy shop , Wajda see the owner talk to a man and he son , right by she green bicycle ! she can not hear what they be say but can see that they be bargain . she squint out to get a better look as the owner look up and notice she . he smile while he talk to the man , explain something . the car pull away . when she can no longer see the toy shop , Wajda sit back , agitate . her mother watch she and look back at the shop . iqbal madam , only one hour . I do not have time to wait for you . you be late , I go . you find taxi . 89 59 . mother ( irritate ) we understand that , iqbal . enough . she pretend to text someone to stop he from talk to she . Wajda look at the little girl 's picture . she lean forward and try to talk to iqbal . wajda who be this little girl , iqbal ? iqbal this be my daughter . I do not see she for 3 year now . he then shake he head happy with himself . iqbal ( cont 'd ) she go to school now . ( pause ) I do not go to school . wajda obviously you do not go to school because you do not have manners . iqbal you have a big mouth . Wajda stick she tongue out to he . her mother look at she angrily . the car move quickly across the dessert . int . the mall - day 89 Wajda 's mother pass ahead of she as she stand mesmerize by a kiosk sell accessory . quickly she go to the salesperson and point to a rack full of bracelet similar to the one 's she make with a sign that say " only 20 riyal ! " wajda I make better bracelet than this . how much will you pay I ? 10 ? salesman no thank you , I buy they from China , I can get like 10,000 for 10 riyal . wajda China will not do the national color ! salesman you mean like this ? 90 91 60 . as he point to one , she hear she mother call she from the upper level . she run towards the escalator , shoot the salesman a angry look . int . dress shop - day 90 they enter a shop that have a assortment of dress and gowns in the window . a red dress stand out among the other . while they talk , Wajda sit on a chair in the entry - way watch the action outside . the salesman pull out the dress and examine the mother 's cover body . salesman it be a beautiful dress but maybe a little big for you . the mother tuck she hand into she abbayah , nervously . Wajda watch a group of fully veile woman walk past a group of young man . they turn they head , flirt with smile and laugh . after pass each other , they pull out they cell phone and text rapidly . passing girl the jerk , he say I have a big ass ! the group of girl laugh and disappear in the long aisle . mother what size be it ? salesman large . mother all right . can I try it ? salesman okay , you can try it on in the woman 's bathroom at the end of the corridor . and if it turn out big , we can tailor it for you after you pay a deposit . the mother look at a pair of beautiful red shoe on display . int . public bathroom - day 91 the mother in a small bathroom , with Arabic toilet on the floor . the floor be wet . 92 61 . she be try to finish zipping it up while hold the edge of it between she leg so the dress do not get wet . mother ( whisper ) I know it 's a lot of money but I have to show you Father he can not get anything better than I . the mother open the door and show the dress to Wajda . Wajda be lean over the sink and hold she mother 's abbya . mother ( cont 'd ) do you think you father will like it ? the dress be too big for she . she pull the end of the dress around she waist to tighten it . Wajda shrug she shoulder . mother ( cont 'd ) let 's take the dress back to the salesman so he can tighten it . then go quickly before iqbal get angry and leave we . the mother raise the dress edge over she foot and enter the bathroom booth again . Wajda hand the mother she abbya from over the door . wajda do not worry , he will not leave . ext . the roof of wajda's house - day 92 Wajda ride the bicycle , more steadily but still awkwardly , in a circle . abdullah I think I be do with the light now . he look over the edge . the light be all align beautifully . wajda my mother see the light but forget to ask I about they again . abdullah she do not know ? do you Father ? 62 . wajda I think they like you uncle now that he be on that radio program ! mother ( 0.s. ) aiiyyyeee !!!! they turn , both stunne to see Wajda 's mother at the entrance of the roof . the mother try to hide the cigarette in she hand and put it out secretly . Wajda tip over , land hard and hurt herself . she look up pleadingly at she mother . wajda I be bleed ... I have blood ! her mother grip the railing , scream and cover she eye . mother you stupid -- you think you can act like boy ? you honor , you honor ! oh my God , oh my God . where be the blood come from ? where be it come from ? wajda ( confuse ) from my knee ... mother what ? oh thank God ! she sigh in relief , then grab Wajda by the shoulder . mother ( cont 'd ) bicycles be dangerous for girl and you almost see why !!! ( to Abdullah ) and you !! what be you think ? I will tell you uncle to teach you some manners . get out of here ! Abdullah run away , panicked . the mother point at the bicycle . mother ( cont 'd ) and take that damn thing with you ! Abdullah quickly come back and pick up the bicycle , then run into the stairway , struggle with the bicycle alone . 63 . we hear a loud crash as the bicycle fall down the stair . Wajda and she mother look at each other , the mother try to compose herself and then ... both burst into laughter . mother ( cont 'd ) ( straighten up ) shame on you , bring a boy upstairs with no one home . what would you Father do if he know ? he would kill you ! wajda why be you home early , anyway ? her mother sit on she knee and face Wajda , threateningly . mother listen to I , do not ever bring he up here again . I will seriously tell he uncle and he will be in big trouble . if I be not busy with you Father 's party , I would have get really upset with you and we would have a long talk about this . ( switch mood suddenly ) now let 's get downstairs , we need to start cooking . you Father 's friend be come over tonight . and get you game out of there ; he will be mad if he know you be use he tv . Wajda look up quickly at she mother , surprised . mother ( cont 'd ) you think I do not know you trick ? at least you be learn the Koran . as they walk off the roof Wajda kick a piece of ribbon that have fall off the bicycle . the ribbon fly in the air as they figure disappear into the stairwell . wajda ( 0.s. ) be you go to tell he uncle ? mother ( 0.s. ) he be a nice boy . his only problem be that you will not leave he alone . ( they both laugh ) ) we will cook the best dinner for you Father 's party tonight . 93 94 64 . int . the kitchen - evening 93 Wajda help she mother prepare the massive plate of food for the group of man in the other room , talk and laugh loudly . try to relieve the tension , she start to sing . mother be quiet ! do you want they to hear you ? put this in the oven . Wajda stop sing and look at she mother , push back a lock of hair off she forehead , look exhaust . her Father knock once and they pass the plate through to he at the door . he smile as he take it . father wow ! all this food ! he kiss the mother 's forehead and look she in the eye . father ( cont 'd ) they will be really impressed . you make I so proud ! mother obviously not proud enough . she go back to the kitchen and start fix the next dish . int . the majlis - later 94 Wajda and she mother clean up dish from a long sit area on the floor . wajda wow ! what be this ? Wajda examine a gift give to she Father . it be a family tree . she run she finger along the branch . mother ( cynically ) you Father 's glorious family tree . her mother eat discard food from the plate , then find she husband 's prayer bead and pick they up tenderly . Wajda leave the family tree and hook she game into the tv as she mother leave the room . 95 65 . mother ( cont 'd ) make sure you clean that all up . I do not want to do anything that will get he upset with we again . distract , Wajda put down the controller and look at the family tree . the name read : '' Khalid , Mansour , Mohammed , Omar ... '' her Father 's name stand alone while all of he brother have leave with boy 's name below they . Wajda cut a piece of blank paper from the Koran , write she name on it and add it under she Father 's name . mother ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I almost forget . Ms. hussa call earlier . Wajda look at she , wide - eye , while hook up the game controller . the mother enter , smile suspiciously . mother ( cont 'd ) she 's really pleased with you ! honestly , the way Ms. hussa be go on I be not sure we be talk about the same person ! she look at Wajda expectantly , but Wajda shrug , turn the game on and busy herself with it . her mother stop clean for a moment . mother ( cont 'd ) you keep surprising I ! int . the mosque - day 95 all the girl crowd around salma who pass around picture . the girl laugh and reach for they . noura let I see ! let I see ! be you wear this only ? noura cover she face in astonishment . the teacher come in and Wajda pull herself away from the scene . the other girl do not notice . noura point at a picture . noura ( cont 'd ) be this you Father ? salma ( upset ) that 's Khalid , my husband ! 66 . noura he look like you grandfather . but I guess that 's the best you family could do -- humiliate , salma snatch the photo back . all the girl except Wajda laugh . the Koran teacher appear behind , catch they off guard . koran teacher what 's go on here ? the girl immediately go silent . wajda ( quickly ) I tell they they can not have picture at school . noura no you do not ! ( turn to the teacher ) salma just get marry . look , she bring in picture ! koran teacher ( grab the picture ) let I see . who 's this , you mother ? be this you husband ? as they talk , Wajda look out to the hallway where fatin and fatima pass by with they furious mother . fatin try to explain something but she mother silence she with a angry look . fatima notice Wajda watch sympathetically . fatima look away . koran teacher ( cont ’d ) okay , put they away now . Wajda 's right , you be not allow to show picture at school . Wajda look down , try to hide be ashamed . koran teacher ( cont ’d ) let 's get start . yasmine , read from page 13 . yasmine ( whisper ) I need a kleenex . koran teacher Wajda , read . 96 67 . Wajda close she Koran and look at the teacher hesitantly . wajda I will try without look . the Koran teacher look at she , surprised . wajda ( cont 'd ) ( recite nervously ) and whoever oppose the Messenger after guidance have become clear to he and follow other than the way of the believer - we will give he what he have take and drive he into Hell , and evil it be asa destination . indeed , Allah do not forgive association with him , but he forgive what be less than that for whom he will . they call upon instead of him none but female [ deity ] , and they call upon none but a rebellious Satan . koran teacher very nice Wajda , you remember it all . but you have to recite . you can not just go .. badababdababdaba ! ( turn to salma ) how about we young bride ? let 's hear that voice . and listen Wajda , you have to recite like this if you want to win . salma and whoever oppose the Messenger after guidance have become clear to he and follow other than the way of the believer - we will give he what he have take and drive he into Hell , and evil it be asa destination ... the sweet sound echoe through the room , while the girl follow along . noura 's eye stare at salma through angry slit . Wajda look out at the empty hallway , disappointed . ext . STREET in front of the toy shop - day 96 on she way home from school Wajda look over and see the green bicycle in front , relieved that it 's still there . she enter the shop . 68 . 97 int . the toy shop - day 97 wajda who be talk to yesterday about the bicycle ? I see you show it to some kid when we drive by . toy shop owner I do not know what you be talk about . wajda you know exactly what I be talk about . I do not want you show my bicycle to anyone else . he shake he head . she reach into she pocket . wajda ( cont 'd ) here , I make you a mix - tape . since we be friend now . toy shop owner ( sarcastically ) thanks for you generosity . wajda ( sarcastically ) do not mention it . but do not sell my bicycle . 98 ext . front of wajda's house - day 98 Wajda walk past Abdullah by he uncle 's election tent , without say anything . abdullah what , be you the one who be upset with I now ? you mother almost break my neck push I down the stair ! wajda my mother do not want I talk to you anymore . she smile and walk towards she house . he pull out a bicycle helmet and run after she . abdullah since when do you listen to you mother ? here - I get you this . it 's a helmet , like the one on tv . 99 100 69 . Wajda 's whole face light up as she take the helmet . Abdullah be pleased . abdullah ( cont 'd ) do you want to ride in the empty lot behind the tent ? we have a few minute before people come . ext . the construction site - day 99 Wajda , wear she abbayah and the helmet , ride in circle in the empty lot . Abdullah sit on a cinder block , watch . wajda watch this ? see ! see ! she take she hand off the handlebar . he nod . she quickly put they back on but periodically take they off while riding . abdullah the toy shop owner tell Khalid and he Father that someone reserve the bicycle . Wajda 's get excited and hit the brake hard . wajda he must be hold it for I ! int . the majlis - day 100 Wajda sit play she video game , wear she helmet . a new resolve in she eye . video game what be Al mihrab ? wajda I know that one . she hit the button . video game correct ! wajda finally ! she fall back onto the couch . she look up to see the family tree . her name have be take off , and the leaf she write it on be crumpled up on the table . she pick it up , sadly . 101 70 . through the half open door she see she mother on the phone in the other room , yell . mother well if you will not listen to I , I do not know why I should listen to you ! her mother hang up , put on she abbayah and yell : mother ( cont 'd ) get ready , we be go out ! Wajda quickly take off the bicycle helmet . the mother put on she abyya quickly . the new red shoe be leave on the floor . int . the hospital - day 101 the mother fidget . at the far end of the room she see leila , in a lab coat , put file onto a shelf . she stand on a ladder , wear only a hijab , with she face and some hair show . a saudi man put a cup of coffee on the counter next to she . they exchange joke . wajda be you go to work here with leila ? that lab coat be cool , like the matrix , only white ! mother shhh ! I ... just want to give she something . leila step down and head over . leila hey ! you come ! wait , let I get you the application . mother leila , what happen ? why you be you revealing you face ? laila smile to she confidently and search under the desk , she male colleague come back . he smile at the mother . male worker hello , how be you ? 102 71 . she do not answer , uncomfortably tucking she hand into she abbayah , look away . Wajda look at he casually . wajda hello . the man smile to Wajda , grab a file , and exit . the mother , now really uncomfortable , try to get leila 's attention . mother leila , do not worry dear . I be not here for a application . we be just pass by . Wajda be surprised by she mother 's lie . mother ( cont 'd ) we will leave you now to work . look like you be busy . leila ( sympathetically ) it 's a good job and the place be fill up quickly . you should ... mother ( interrupt ) it 's so good to see you , leila . I will call you later . she grab Wajda 's hand and lead she towards the door . Wajda look back at leila wistfully , then at she mother . wajda I think you be go to -- mother enough ! her mother shush she and quicken she pace out the door . int . school corridor - day 102 the girl line up for a assembly . Ms. hussa make she way to the stage and pick up the megaphone . she stare over the crowd , sternly . she check the microphone . ms . hussa hello ... hello ... in the name of God . first I want to thank all the girl for they hard work this term . we be the best school in the area . ( more ) 103 72 . ms . hussa ( cont 'd ) and I would like to remind all the girl that school be a place for virtue and knowledge . ( clear she throat ) . Girls , I would like you to listen very well . we catch two girl commit a sin behind the school . they name be fatin Ali and fatima umar . the girl stare intently as Ms. hussa motion the '' offender '' forward . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) and now they will come to the front of the stage to repent . fatin and fatima make they way to the stage . they appear break , they head hang low and they face blank . Wajda , upon see the girl , feel sick to she stomach . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) to avoid similar situation , you be no longer allow to bring flower to school for you friend , or give each other letter or autograph . and no one be allow to hold hand . do you understand ? good . you may go to you class now . the girl move quickly toward the door . as fatin and fatima leave , fatin bump into a girl . girl ( panicked , scream ) do not touch I ! fatin say nothing . Wajda start to walk toward they both when she see Ms. hussa wait by the stair . Wajda stop , glance at the two girl , then back at Ms. hussa who smile at she . Wajda turn she head quickly and walk away from fatin and fatima , feel guilty and uncertain . int . live room - night 103 Wajda bring in she Koran and sit on the floor next to she mother who iron she Father 's thobe , sing . mother the handsome man steal my heart ; with he black eye . I come closer , he go away ; ( more ) 73 . mother ( cont 'd ) make I feel hollow . no tear , no word can bring he back ; oh my heart .. Wajda ignore the pile of note-card scattered around she , look morose . her mother look at she , concerned , and stop sing . wajda I do not want to finish the competition ! I hate Ms. hussa ! I be tired . mother what do Ms. hussa have to do with it ? it 's you business ! ( smile encouragingly ) you Father be happy that you be do this . he be so proud of you . please , Wajda . that 's very important right now . Wajda look at she mother , a glimmer of hope in she eye . she sit up straight and recite surah 30 ( ar-rum ) , verse 21 : wajda and of his Signs be that he create for you mate out of yourselves , so that you may find tranquility in they ; and he have put love and mercy between you . surely in this there be indeed Signs for a people who reflect . Wajda stop recite . her mother look at she , lovingly . mother give it a tone like this . ( beautifully ) and of his Signs be that he create for you mate out of yourselves , so that you may find tranquility in they - go on try it . wajda ( imitate she mother ) and of his Signs be that he create for you mate out of yourselves , so that you may find tranquility in they . mother very good ! now do the next line like this : ( more ) 104 74 . mother ( cont 'd ) ( reverently ) and he have put love and mercy between you . surely in this there be indeed Signs for a people who reflect . wajda ( follow ) and he have put love and mercy between you . surely in this there be indeed Signs for a people who reflect . mother ( proudly , teasing she ) excellent ! you voice be as lovely as you mother 's . Wajda stop , realize she 's do it well ! wajda I feel shy ! I can not recite like this in front of everyone . mother you be shy ? ha ! I only wish it be true ! Wajda make a face at she mother , who burst out laugh . Wajda barely smile . outside they see the light Abdullah strung up turn on and illuminate the street and they live room . Wajda and she mother look at each other . mother ( cont 'd ) you have work hard . come on . she quickly turn the iron off and they run up to the roof . ext . the roof of wajda's house - night 104 the two look out as group of man gather in the street below . the light reflect on Wajda and she mother who look so much alike in the dim light . a breeze blow they hair gently . down the street they see Abdullah 's bearded uncle greeting everyone as they arrive . Abdullah stand at the end of the row , dress up in he thobe and gutra . Wajda point down at she Father , excited . 75 . wajda see ! my Father be there . mother ( intrigue , search ) where ? wajda ( point down firmly ) there ! mother ( excited ) oh ! I see he . look how handsome he be ! Wajda look at she mother from the corner of she eye . she be busy look at she Father . Wajda throw a little stone where Abdullah stand and he look up . he see she without a veil or head cover in the golden light he himself strung up , and smile . he fix he gutra by throw its end on he shoulder , to show how well dress and important he be . Wajda smile back and gesture that there 's something on he cheek . Abdullah look worried and try to clean he face . Wajda laugh . her mother look at she , disapprovingly . another man , stand next to Abdullah , look up . both Wajda and she mother duck behind the wall quickly , laugh softly . Wajda 's mother lie down on the roof and stare at the star in the clear sky . Wajda lie next to she and smile . wajda so do you love he ? mother ( a little shy , surprised ) who? you Father ? wajda ( smile , teasingly ) no , the neighbor 's boy ? mother ( also teasingly ) I do not think I be the one in love with the neighbor 's boy ! Wajda get embarrassed , laugh dismissively at she mother. 76 . her mother laugh . Wajda flip to she side and rest she head on she arm in order to face she mother . wajda you do not answer ! mother I be in high school when he ask for my hand . all the girl be so jealous when they see he picture . he be the first man in my life , and most probably the last ! and I have to admit , he 's a lot of fun . wajda you be way prettier than any other woman I have ever see . you will give my Father a heart attack with you red dress . mother ( suddenly sad ) yeah . he will not see it . he will be busy in the man 's section . the man I know .. he talk big , but he would never burn my heart with a second wife . I do not know who fill he head with this nonsense . she sit up , quickly , change the subject . mother ( cont 'd ) enough . let 's practice one more time for you competition tomorrow . and do not tell anyone about that crazy bicycle story of yours , they will never let you win . Wajda make a face , sit up , determine , and recite . wajda and of his Signs be that he create for you mate out of yourselves , so that you may find tranquility in they ; and he have put love and mercy between you . mother ( warmer inflection ) '' mercy between you ... wajda '' mercy between you . 105 106 77 . mother let it come from you heart , and forget everyone around you . she take Wajda 's hand and place it over she heart . wajda ( more sincere ) and of his Signs be that he create for you mate out of yourselves , so that you may find tranquility in they ; and he have put love and mercy between you . her voice echoe across the empty roof while the election light sway in the breeze . int . wajda's parent 's room - night 105 Wajda lie in she Father 's place in the bed . her mother sleep next to she in a semi-fetal position . Wajda stretch she arm in the vast empty space of the bed , occupy only a small part of it . int . wajda's parent 's room - day 106 Wajda now sleep in a semi-fetal position . her mother wake she up , already dress in she abbayah to leave for work . she caress Wajda 's hair . mother now , you have get a big day today . when you go up on the stage , say this after I : God inspire I , make thing easier for I . untie my tongue so I speak fluently . Wajda squint to see she mother , struggle to remember . wajda where be you go so early ? God inspire I , make thing easier for I .. mother ( while fix she veil ) I have to open up the school today . I be the teacher on duty ... untie my tongue ... Wajda yawn and run she hand through she hair . 107 78. wajda ..- untie my tongue ... mother ... so I speak fluently they hear a car honking at the door . Wajda touch the bead on she mother 's abbayah . wajda ... so I speak fluently . her mother kiss she forehead and get ready to leave . mother I wish I could come today . you know this damn long commute . I know you will nail it ! and do not forget , you grandmother want you to wear the vest she make you for luck . wajda I hate that vest . I only ever wear it that day I go to visit she . mother I know you hate it , but do it for she . Wajda stare out into the hallway as she mother pop she head back into the doorway . mother ( cont 'd ) and whatever happen , for God 's sake , act wise . no bargain , no fight , and no crazy idea about bicycle . watch that tongue of yours . understand ? she smile and leave . her black shadow stretch across the wall and then disappear . Wajda sigh and fall back onto the bed . she reach over and touch she Father 's prayer bead on the night-stand . ext . the neighborhood street - day 107 Wajda walk , whisper to herself the tajweed rule from a note-card . she throw she Father 's rock at a bottle . wajda man yajaala , mayyjaal , edgham beghunah . 108 109 79 . ping ! the bottle spin . she smile and walk on to school . int . the toy shop - day 108 the owner put on he glass and look skeptically down at a tape label '' Wajda 's awesome mix tape volume 8 . '' he put it in the player and press '' play . '' a rock song start . he shake he head disapprovingly , smile . int . school corridor - day 109 Wajda and several other girl practice they recitation . Wajda go through she note card , pull piece of paper out of she pocket and scan they . Ms. hussa enter . ms . hussa alright girl , make sure you empty you pocket and leave all you study material behind . no note card , no reason of descendence , no vocabulary card . alright ?! noura vocabulary ? reason of descendence ?! we be suppose to know all of that ? Wajda empty she pocket , pull out note card and piece of paper . she take out she Father 's prayer bead and the black rock . she notice salma , sit on a bench with she hand tuck between she shaking knee , look around nervously . Ms. hussa move to leave . ms . hussa if we find any type of study material on you person you will be disqualified . Wajda slowly walk over to salma , bend down next to she , hold out she rock and show it to she . wajda with this rock I can not lose . salma I be not clean , I can not read the Koran . Wajda look at she , perplex . overhear , noura approach . 80 . salma ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you know ... after you sleep with you husband ... you have to wash before you read the Koran . noura nod in agreement , hide she excitement . noura if you feel nervous about it , maybe you should not do it . ( pause ) it 's a lot of stress . salma give noura a hateful look . Ms. hussa pass by , she hand full of paper . salma get up and run over to she . the two speak quietly . Wajda watch they , slowly move the rock between she thumb and finger as Ms. hussa send salma out the door . int . school auditorium - day 110 Wajda sit in a line with 7 girl and one empty chair , as the follow : Wajda , contestant # 2 , noura , contestant # 4 , yasmine , contestant # 6 , contestant # 7 , and a empty chair . she nervously shake she leg , face a table with the teacher . Ms. hussa write " first round " on a small blackboard and head back to she seat with the other teacher . a fan turn slowly above they , rattling in the silent room . ms . hussa welcome girl , we be very proud of you for all of the work you have put into this competition . now , let 's start with vocabulary from the verse you learn . if you get the answer right , you stay in line . if you get it wrong , please exit to the right of the stage . Wajda , please come forward . who be the sabian ? Wajda try to compose herself . she brushes the sweat off she forehead and walk to the front of the stage . wajda they live in Iraq . they book be the Zubar . ms . hussa correct . next . what be ayat ? 81. the girl next to Wajda get up and move to the front . contestant # 2 part of the Koran . ms . hussa incorrect . next . what be ayat ? the girl lower she head and leave to the right . noura come to the front of the stage . noura it 's proof , like evidence . ms . hussa correct ! go back to you place . next . what 's Al fitnah ? contestant # 4 a problem ? ms . hussa incorrect . next . what 's Al fitnah ? yasmine a temptation . ms . hussa correct . next . what 's sodgatehun ? the 6th contestant think hard , unsure . noura look at she happily , while Wajda look at she compassionately , hold the black stone . contestant # 6 um.. charity ? ms . hussa incorrect . what be sodgatehun ? contestant # 7 dowry . ms . hussa excellent . well do all of you . and now -- just then , Ms. jamila enter and whisper to she . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) she 's ready ? good , send she in . 82. salma enter from behind the stage . her hair be drip wet and she have obviously just shower . Red face , and mortify , she sit at the end of the line . Wajda glance at she . noura glare at salma , furiously . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) salma , please come forward . what be Al farqgan ? salma move to the front of the stage . salma the Koran . ms . hussa excellent . next . from the beginning . da'ab ? Wajda move back to the front of the stage . wajda habit ? ms. hussa correct . next . what be Zaygh ? noura weakness . ms. hussa correct ! next . what be '' hoban kabiran " ? yasmine ummmm .... ms . hussa well ? sorry yasmine . next . what be '' hoban kabiran '' ? contestant # 7 a big ..... thing ? Ms. hussa suppress a smile . the girl stand nervously in she spot . ms . hussa also incorrect . what be '' hoban kibiran ? salma great injustice . 83. ms . hussa correct . thank you . Wajda look at Ms. hussa , try to hide how nervous she be . only the three girl remain in the eight chair . Ms. hussa confer with the other teacher and then stand up and move to the front of the room . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) that of you on the right of the stage , please come and collect you certificate of appreciation , thank you for participate , I be sure you learn a lot . noura , salma , and Wajda , congratulation , you be go to compete for the championship . good luck . int . school auditorium - day ( later ) 111 Ms. hussa stand under the word " championship " on the blackboard . noura , salma and Wajda sit at a table in front of the stage . Wajda look petrify , while noura smile with contentment and salma stare ahead in quiet determination . noura ( whisper to Wajda ) I ’1ll bet you never think you have make it this far . but beware of the ugly bride over there , she look pretty determine to win . especially after she shower . Wajda turn away . salma flash noura a look of intense anger about to cry . ms . hussa Girls , we will now have you recite . please read until we indicate for you to stop . we will start with surat al nisa , from ayat 66 , noura begin with '' if we have decreed '' : noura ( flatly but correct ) and if we have decreed upon they , " kill yourselves " or " leave you home , " they would not have do it , except for a few of they . ( more ) 84 . noura ( cont 'd ) but if they have do what they be instruct , it would have be better for they and a firmer position . and then we would have give they from we a great reward . and we would have guide they to a straight path . and whoever obey Allah and the Messenger - that will be with the one upon whom Allah have bestow favor of the prophet , the steadfast affirmer of truth , the martyr and the righteous . and excellent be that as companion . Ms. hussa raise she hand for she to stop . noura sit back confidently . Ms. hussa look to salma to begin . ms . hussa salma start surat al bakara from the beginning . salma ( lowering she eye ) in the name of Allah , the beneficent , the merciful . alif Lam mim . this Book , there be no doubt in it , be a guide to that who guard against evil . noura 's cold eye distract she . salma ( cont 'd ) that who believe in the unseen and keep up prayer and spend out of what we have give they . and who ... and who ... koran teacher ( give she cue ) and who believe ... salma ( shake , continue ) who believe in that which have be reveal to you and that which be reveal before you and ... uh koran teacher '' and they be sure of the hereafter . 85 . salma ( more shake , continue ) '' and they be sure of the hereafter . this be on a.. salma stop and look up . Ms. hussa raise she hand . ms . hussa that 's enough . thank you , salma . let 's continue . Wajda remove she sweaty hand from the table , leave a moist imprint on it . she dry she hand on she dress . she put she hand in she pocket , pull out she Father 's stone and grip it tightly . a piece of paper stick out of the pocket on she vest . she look at salma , try not to cry . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) let 's continue . Wajda put the stone back in she pocket and wait silently for the teacher 's instruction . koran teacher Wajda , please start with surat al bakara , ayat 7 . start with '' there be disease . '' Wajda look uncertain , feel small in the large room . she steady herself in a moment that drag on endlessly . in the crowd she see fatin and fatima look directly at she . she be about to lower she eye but something in they now beat face make she find she confidence . she meet they eye right on and start recite in a beautiful voice , which begin weak and then gradually grow stronger and more intense . wajda in the name of Allah , the beneficent , the merciful . there be ( pause ) there be .. a disease in they heart , so Allah add to they disease and they shall have a painful chastisement because they lie . and when it be say to they , do not make mischief in the land , they say : we be but peace- maker . now surely they themselves be the mischief maker , but they do not perceive . 86 . Wajda stop and look around the room for some indication on whether or not she should continue . ms . hussa ( softly ) thank you , Wajda , that be very good . noura look worried and very angry . fatima have a small smile on she face . the two teacher lean in to consult each other . the moment seem endless to Wajda . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) Girls , you do a excellent job and you should be proud you all make it this far . congratulation ... we will announce the winner after the prayer . out of the corner of she eye she see noura , peer down at Wajda 's vest pocket . Wajda look at she , confuse , then down at she pocket and see the paper stick out . noura 's mouth widen in a devilish grin as she sit straight up in she chair . Wajda blanch , push the paper down in to she pocket , hide it , then look up quickly , panic . as the girl exit the stage noura approach the table where the judge sit . she lean over to Ms. hussa and whisper something into she ear . Ms. hussa furrow she brow , pause for a moment and look at Wajda . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) Wajda , please come over here . worried , Wajda walk over to the judge ' table . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) empty you pocket . Wajda stare at she . wajda I be not cheating , I swear ! noura I see a cheat - sheet in she pocket , Ms. hussa . you say that they be to have no note or else they would be disqualified . 87 . ms . hussa thank you , noura , for you courage . you may go now . noura shoot Wajda a evil smile . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) Wajda , empty you pocket , please . Wajda slowly pull out the content of she pocket , first the rock , then she Father 's prayer bead , and put they on the table . she pause , look down at she vest pocket , and reluctantly pull out the fold piece of paper . not remember what it be , she look at it with despair and lay it on the table . the Koran teacher take the paper from the table and read it . her face relax and she suppress a smile . she hand it to Ms. hussa . koran teacher Ms. hussa , someone love you and think you be like the moon ! I do not know if we agree with that ! she laugh teasingly to Ms. hussa then look to Wajda kindly . koran teacher ( cont ’d ) you know very well you should not bring note like this to school , not after the whole saga with fatin and fatima . Ms. hussa take the paper and look at it , shocked . she look over to Wajda for answer . Wajda look at she wide - eye , petrify to be catch with it . ms . hussa thank you , Wajda . please go join the other girl for prayer . she smile and hand the note back to she . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) and when you return this note to its illustrious author , I assume you will do so with the benevolence and graciousness you Koran learn have teach you . Wajda take the note , turn away , still wide eye , and inch slowly away from the table . as she move away from they she look of fear and shock turn into a very broad grin . 112 113 88. int . corridor - day 112 when she get out into the hallway , alone , Wajda 's smile break into a giggle , until she burst out into uncontrollable fit of laughter . int . mosque - day 113 the girl line up into row . some be take out they abbayah and wrapping themselves for prayer . Ms. hussa be in the first row along with the other contestant and a very angry noura at she side . Wajda see fatin and fatima in the middle of the mosque and line up next they , smile . she unfold she abbayah and get ready to pray . fatin look over at she , raise she eyebrow . fatin you sure you want to stand next to we ? fatima hold fatin 's arm , then look gratefully at Wajda . fatima congratulation . wajda they have not announce the winner yet . fatin you win , and you be they favorite convert , so I be sure they be all root for you anyway . Wajda stare uncomfortably at the floor , unsure what to say . wajda I .. I want to buy a bicycle . I be sorry , I have to win . fatin push Wajda away with she elbow . fatima shake she head at fatin and turn to Wajda . fatima a bicycle ? you would never dare . we all know that you be a coward . Wajda look up to see Ms. hussa search for she . 89 . ms . hussa Wajda ! we save you a spot in the first row with the other contestant . Wajda look back to fatin and fatima , fix they abbayah for prayer . Wajda hesitates . fatima go . fatin look the other way but fatima nod . sadly , Wajda line up next to Ms. hussa who grab Wajda 's abbayah and pull she next to she . she whisper down to she . ms . hussa good Muslims have to line up close to each other so the devil ... ( indicate fatin and fatima ) ) udoe not get in between they . Wajda avoid look at Ms. hussa as she line up in she spot . the call for the start of prayer be announce and all of the girl pray in one synchronize voice . girl allhu akbar . 114 int . school auditorium - day 114 noura , salma and Wajda wait nervously on stage . Ms. hussa reach to a megaphone behind the blackboard . ms . hussa stand in front of I be the three finalist of the school - wide Koran competition . only one will be award the cash prize , but all will receive lst , 2nd a 3rd place certificate . the third place winner be .. salma andul azziz . salma smile to Wajda . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) and now , the runner up to this year 's competition be ... ( pause ) noura Al markoon . Wajda cover she face , tear up with happiness , the exact opposite of noura 's right now . 90 . salma rush up and give Wajda a ecstatic congratulatory hug . she scurries back to she seat and savor every second of noura , rigid and miserable , trudging up to Ms. hussa , take she certificate and storming off the stage and out of the room . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) Wajda Al safan , you be we champion . congratulation ! you be in this spot because of you devotion and perseverance , and I hope all the girl here today learn from you example . Wajda 's face beam with happiness as she walk slowly to the front of the stage . she nod " thank you " as Ms. hussa hand she the certificate . she look nervously at the megaphone . ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) alf Mabruk bint al saffon . do not be shy ! and what be you plan for the prize money ? as Ms. hussa hand she the megaphone , Wajda pause and scan the face of the audience . wajda mmmmm . Ms. hussa look at Wajda and smile encouragingly . Wajda 's gaze fall on salma and the rest of the girl and then she see fatin and fatima , look up at she - fatin , with contempt and fatima with a glimmer of pride . Wajda take a big sigh and gather she courage . wajda ( cont 'd ) ( defiantly to Ms. hussa ) I be go to buy a bicycle from the shop down the road . giggles and laughter erupt from the audience . ms . hussa what ? Wajda look at fatin and fatima , who both smile , impressed with she statement . Wajda look back at Ms. hussa . wajda ( matter -of -factly ) I be buy a bicycle . ( pause and smile ) ) with no training wheel , of course . fatin and fatima laugh , along with the rest of the ms . hussa ( persuasively ) now Wajda , would not you rather donate the money to we fight brother in Palestine ? wajda I do not think so . I be go to buy a bicycle . gl . crowd . Wajda look at Ms. hussa calmly and shrug she shoulder . Ms. hussa stand , unsympathetically . ms . hussa a bicycle be not a toy for girl Wajda . especially Muslim girl who need to protect they honor . plus , I be sure you family will not allow it . we will donate the money in you name to we brother and sister fight in Palestine . wajda but -- ms . hussa thank you for you obedience and generosity . you may step down now . Wajda stare at Ms. hussa , then look over at the other teacher cautiously , realize they disapproval . she continue stare at Ms. hussa , know she cannot argue . distraught , she turn to leave , but Ms. hussa stop she ms . hussa ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) you think you can act however you want and people will not notice ? this will haunt you forever . Wajda , infuriate , speak very loudly . wajda you mean like you '' handsome '' thief ?? the crowd go silent as do a shocked and humiliate Ms. hussa . Wajda march down to join the crowd of girl leave the big hall - fatin and fatima right by she side . fatima mess up she hair and Wajda try to smile , hold back tear . 92 . ext . front of the school - day 115 Abdullah wait outside as Wajda exit , sobbing . she storm past he without pause . he run along after she , confuse . abdullah do not you win ? where be the money ? wajda in Palestine ! she continue walk . he stand in disbelief for a few second and then run along after she . she be heartbroken with tear in she eye . she turn she head to hide they . Abdullah retreat , take aback by she vulnerability . Wajda run off , leave he stand alone in the street . ext . STREET in front of the toy shop 116 Wajda speed up as she near the toy shop . she break into a run as she see that the bicycle be no longer there . she look up to the toy shop owner , unload box from a truck . he glance over at she and shrug he shoulder . toy shop owner I have to . Wajda storm off angrily , cry fresh tear . Abdullah , stand at the corner , stare at the empty spot in front where the bicycle once sit . ext . the construction site - day 117 Wajda trudge slowly , defeat , try not to cry . the worker taunt Wajda as she approach , make rude gesture . worker come up and play with we little girl . we will have lot of fun ! Wajda stop , breathe heavily . determined , she scoops up handfuls of stone and throw they violently at the worker , who run for cover . she cry . wajda take this ! take this ! 93 . Abdullah catch up , see what 's go on , scoops up a handful of rock and join in , aim for the worker . the foreman approach they menacingly , shaking he fist . foreman hey you kid ! stop that ! abdullah ( hold up a big stone ) tell you worker to stop bother she . she deserve better ! his arm still outstretch , he look at Wajda who drop she remain stone , turn and run back towards she home . 118 ext . front of wajda's house - day 118 Wajda and Abdullah walk slowly back towards the house . abdullah ( softly ) I will give you my bicycle . wajda ( shaking she head ) then how would we race ? Wajda walk on ahead of Abdullah . abdullah hey , Wajda ! she turn . abdullah ( cont 'd ) ( gather up he courage ) you know I will marry you when we grow up , right ? Wajda stop and look at he sadly . she turn away and continue towards she home . 119 int . live room - day 119 Wajda push open the front door of she house , surprised to see it 's unlock . she walk in , tired . her Father sit on the edge of the couch , nervously twiddle he thumb . he run he hand through he freshly comb hair when he see Wajda . 94 . father hey , finally you be home ! Wajda look at she Father , suspiciously . wajda ( pretend to be cheerful ) what 's up with the new hairstyle ? father you mother 's rejecting my call . I have be try to call she all day . where be she ? Wajda , without say anything , pull the certificate from the competition out of she bag , walk slowly over to she Father and hand it to he . he look at she , confuse , and read it . his face change to excitement . father ( cont 'd ) you win ? I can not believe it . that 's amazing ! he hug she . Wajda rest she head on he shoulder and let a few tear flow from she eye . he hold she in front of he . father ( cont 'd ) hey , why be you cry ? you win . you should be happy ? Wajda be about to tell he everything when he phone ring . he go to the hallway to talk in private . he turn away from Wajda , laugh , say something soft and hang up . he return to the majlis and pick up he ghutra and okal . as he leave , he mess up she hair playfully . father ( cont 'd ) I be so proud of you , my little champ . he look back at she . father ( cont 'd ) tell you mother I wait for she . I want to talk with she . tell she ... ( clear he throat ) tell she I love she . 120 121 122 95 . he turn back once more , give Wajda a apologetic smile and leave . Wajda sit back into the couch . she look up at the clock on the wall . the phone ring and she pick up . wajda hello ? hi aunt leila ... no , I do not know where she be ... yeah , she 's usually home by now .. okay , I will let she know . bye . she lay down and continue stare at the tick clock . int . live room - night 120 Wajda sleep on the couch , still in she school uniform . she 's awaken by the sound of gunshot and blast of firework in the distance . she sit up and see that the live room be dark . light be shine from the bathroom and she mother 's room . she get up and cautiously walk over . she look in through the doorway and see she mother 's abbayah on the bed right next to : a new white lab coat . she head for the bathroom . int . bathroom - night 121 Wajda lean over the sink to wash she face . she see clump of freshly cut hair along the inside of the sink . as she examine it closer , she hear more gunshot and blast of firework . she look at the stairway lead to the roof . ext . the roof of wajda's house - night 122 Wajda see she mother smoking a cigarette in the dim light . her hair be cut to shoulder length , twirling in the wind . she stare off into the distance , at a party , where strand of light line a house a few block away . Wajda walk over and stand next to she mother , toss she Father 's rock idly in she hand . her mother try to discretely put out she cigarette . Wajda stare out at the house with the light on it , confuse . the mother smile sadly . mother I hear the news . congratulation , I be so proud of you . 96 . wajda ( pout ) they do not give I the money . she put the rock back in she pocket . the mother mess up Wajda 's hair , playfully . mother I can not believe you say you want a bicycle ! ( laugh ) ) they must have think you be crazy ! ( pause ) damn they , you do not need they money , anyway . Wajda be take aback by she mother 's tone . she watch she skeptically as she squint off towards the house have the party . wajda be not that my grandmother 's house ? I think my uncle 's wedding be not until next month . right ? mother it 's not you uncle 's wedding they be celebrate . Wajda look up at she mother suddenly . her eye widen in realization . Wajda rush over to hug she , and they embrace . her mother sit they down and wrap she arm around Wajda 's head and shoulder as gunshot ring out in the distance . her mother wipe the tear from Wajda 's eye . mother ( cont 'd ) it 's all right . he make he decision . it will be only the two of we now . it will be fine . she stroke she daughter 's hair . Wajda look up , determine . wajda let 's buy the red dress and go over there and get he ! mother there 's no need for the red dress anymore . besides , I use that money to buy you something else . 123 97 . she reach over and flick on the bare light - bulb on the wall . the weak light fall directly on the corner of the roof revealing ... the GREEN bicycle ! mother ( cont 'd ) I want to surprise you tomorrow morning . Wajda stare at it in disbelief then look over to she mother , who smile at she tenderly . mother ( cont 'd ) I hope it 's the right one . the shopkeeper say he have be hold it for some spunky little girl for week . they embrace each other and cry as firework continue behind they . ext . the neighborhood street - day 123 Wajda pedal through the neighborhood on she new green bicycle . the wind blow through she hair . she slide to a stop in front of she grandmother 's house . she look up at the light and remain decoration . she sigh and continue on . as she pull away she see Abdullah approach with a few other boy . she smile at he . he smile back , wave the other to go on without he and push hard to catch up with she . as they pass the toy shop , the owner sit sip tea in front of the store chat with another friend . friend what be this music ? as the child pass by , the owner smile at Wajda . his friend look at he in utter confusion . Wajda turn and push she bicycle ahead faster . she look back to see if Abdullah be catch up to she . wajda catch I if you can ! she pass by several bystander who look at she disapprovingly . she hold out she arm proudly and steer the bicycle without touch the handlebar , smile . 98 . Wajda break away and pedal until she reach the end of the road , where the highway begin . she slide to a stop , look back and smile to see Abdullah catch up to she , then she turn and stand watch the truck and car rumble by . fade out :