episode # : 102 jos '' walkabout '' written by David fury directed by Jack Bender production draft July 15 , 2004 ( white ) July 20 , 2004 ( blue ) July 22 , 2004 ( pink ) August 2 , 2004 ( yellow ) August 2 , 2004 ( GREEN ) August 4 , 2004 ( goldenrod ) goldenrod Rev. page : 35 lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 lost '' walkabout '' cast list boone ... eee cece cece e eee cece eee eeeeee Ian somerhalder - dominic monaghan - emilie de ravin .- jorge Garcia - Matthew Fox - Daniel dae Kim evangeline lilly - Terry o’quinn - harold perrineau - josh holloway - naveen andrew - maggie Grace - yunjin Kim walt ... cece cece cece cee e eee n ne malcolm David Kelley 550 ) 5 ) oa L. Scott caldwell 530 ) ga warren . oe oe . oe oe . helen ... cece cece cece cece eee e ccc eceee TRAVEL agent ... 2. eee e cece eee eee eee John Simon Jones lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 lose '' walkabout '' set list interior infirmary tent - night office - Day - flashback office - breakroom - afternoon - flashback locker apartment - night - flashback melbourne walkabout tour - Morning - flashback exterior beach - Day / night / mid-day / late afternoon / dusk dune - Morning / dusk edge of the jungle - Day another part of the beach - mid-day makeshift infirmary area - mid-day by the fuselage - mid-day / night far end - Day / dusk / night reef inlet - late afternoon beach - Dawn - establishing - stock jungle - afternoon valley - late afternoon 42 43 lose '' walkabout '' teaser move through the '' 0 '' of the '' lost '' title , as we hear ... chaos -- people shouting , wail in pain , a woman scream , the whine of a jet engine , then ... ext . beach —- day 42 xcu - a man 's eye as it snap open ( deja vu ) . CUT wide to see it belong to locke , lie by the side of the smoking fuselage . we quickly realize this be right after the crash . a flashback . and we be experience it from he point-of-view . daze , he prop himself up on he elbow and glance around , take stock of the other terrify survivor , include the scream shannon , etc. , until suddenly he notice ... he Pov - his foot . one of he shoe be miss . locke stare dumbly at he sock foot for a moment , then ... he slowly wiggle he big toe . then , all the toe . he barely have time to process he part be work before he spot something . CUT wide -- over he shoe , lie nearby on its side -- its clean , pristine , unscuffed sole face camera . oblivious to the panicked people run past he , locke retrieve the shoe , then sit up . amid the din , we may notice a new sound - a dog barking . it start faint , at first , then grow progressively louder as locke slowly bend he knee , bring he foot into he lap . as he proceed to put he shoe back on , we push in , the barking become louder , more frantic ... .-- and locke look up ... ext . beach - night 43 close on locke , sit on the beach -- lose in he own thought -- snapped out by the sound of vincent bark . he look over at ... walt , hold vincent back as the dog strain at he leash . a groggy michael sit next to he . lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 2 . michael Walt , ya gotta keep that dog quiet . walt I dunno what 's the matter with he . ( pull on leash ) C ’mon , Vincent -- cut it out ... Michael offer a apologetic look to Shannon and boone , a few foot away . michael sorry ... shannon tsk with annoyance . boone nod , understandingly . we get quick pop of some of the other regular , stir awake to the commotion : say , claire , hurley , jin and SUN , etc . that 's when we find ... jack , already up . and stare at something . kate appear from behind and sidle up next to he . kate what be it ? she follow he gaze to see he 's look at the fuselage . from inside we hear noise - bang around , dull thud . claire somebody 's in there . sayid everybody in there 's dead . jack ( under he breath ) sawyer . sawyer ( 0.s. ) stand right behind you , jackass . Jack look back over he shoulder to , indeed , find sawyer . then , turn back , and with a deep breath , Jack take out he itty-bitty penlight . he move off toward the open of the ruin fuselage . kate Jack ...? lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 3 . on sawyer - he throw a smirk glance to kate , as he whip out he mega - watt flashlight . kate roll she eye , then follow Jack . sawyer follow she . much schmuck -bait as Jack near the open of the wreckage , and locke fold into the group from the other side . the other in the camp hang back . reverse angle - the four arrive at the open and peer in . the bang and noise be louder now . and we see something in the foreground ... something not human move inside . on sawyer - wait for Jack to make a move . then , out of patience ... sawyer how ' bout I shed a little light on -- sawyer switch he lamp on and attempt to bring it up , as a sharp grunt be hear from inside the fuselage , and Jack block he arm . push in to the darkness inside the cabin as we can just make out ... close - up - something 's head turn to look at they . moonlight glint of its feral , furious eye as it snort ... close on jack - stare back at it ... without turn , he say to the other in a quiet , but urgent whisper : jack run. end of teaser 44 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 4. act one ext . beach - night 44 continuous . the other barely have time to act on Jack 's suggestion when sawyer shine the flashlight inside . jack no ! from inside ... shriek ! three smallish squealing beast come barrel out of the fuselage , fan out in different direction . kate scream as they run , and the camp be throw into chaos . random shout of : '' look out ! , '' '' what 's happen ? ! , '' '' get away ! , '' etc. , as some flee , some cower , other bring up make - shift weapon to defend themselves as the creature charge past they - include hurley , who wield a diving flipper . hurley aww crud , now what ? on jin , brandish a piece of driftwood as he command SUN : jin ( in Korean ) stay down . she obey , stay crouch behind he . in the melee , one of the flee castaway run right into charlie , knock he down onto a jag piece of wreckage . charlie hey -- oww ! on the ground , Charlie look at the gash across he forearm , then glance up and react as a beastie close in on he ... on charlie - terror rise . at the very last second , he 's yanked to he foot , flinching , as a blur of fur flash by . he glance back to discover it be jack who pull he out of the animal 's path . they both turn just in time to see the rustling of brush as the beast disappear into the jungle . on sayid , shouting to the other . sayid it 's alright ! they be go ! lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 5 . on boone , who have be shield a wigge out Shannon . boone you okay ? shannon yeah . Way to go , Ace . on charlie and jack ... charlie what the bloody hell be it ? on locke , nearby , stare off , stoically , in the direction of the depart animal . locke boar . upcut to cu on : 45 int . infirmary tent - a little later 45 jack we have to get rid of the body . widen to see he confer with kate and sayid as he dress Charlie 's wound . charlie what , bury they ? there 's a whole bunch in there -- sayid more than twenty . digging will be difficult without shovel or -- jack not bury . we have to burn they . the other three react , take aback by that . Jack notice -- jack ( cont 'd ) what ? kate jack they be people . -- I know they be people , kate ... sayid Burning the remain ... they deserve better than -- lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 jack than what ? get eat by wild animal ? ' Cause that 's what 's gonna happen . any body we bury will not stay bury for long . look , I know it seem harsh . but that fuselage , in the sun , it 's not about what they deserve ... ( soften ) they be go . and we be not . sayid look at the ground , shaking he head . sayid what you say may be true . ( look back up to Jack ) but it 's not right . for we to decide how this people be laid to rest , with no regard to they own wish -- they religion - jack we do not have time to sort out everybody 's God . charlie really ? last I hear , we be positively make of time . kate charlie 6 . Charlie ... -- what ? I be just say ... jack hey , I be not happy about it either . but the plane crash a thousand mile off -course . they be look for we in the wrong place . if they be even still look . ( then ) it 's be four day . nobody 's come . the remainder of this register on sayid 's face . jack ( cont 'd ) in the morning , we need everybody to start collect wood ... dried brush ... we be go in turn that fuselage into a furnace . kate crematorium , you mean . lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 6a . Jack look at she . and nod . start to exit , stop -- lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 7 . jack we will wait until the sun go down tomorrow night to set the fire . kate nod as Jack go . as the other start to disperse , Charlie look at kate ... charlie if he 's so eager to get this do , why be we wait ' till ... kate he 's hope somebody 's 1l see it . she cross off as Charlie take that in ... 46 ext . horizon - dawn - establishing ( stock ) - day 5 46 the sun peek out over the empty ocean . another day . 47 ext . beach — dune —- morning 47 on a pile of metal piece , strippings , wire and airphone with cord . nearby lie the transceiver from the cockpit . as a hand reach in and pick up a wire , tilt up to find sayid , carefully wrapping the wire around a cylindrical piece of piping attach to a curve piece of metal . kate ( 0.s. ) guess I be not the only one who do not sleep last night . he glance up at she , then go back to work . sayid there be better use for my time than collect firewood . kate ( get he meaning ) you do not agree with Jack . sayid do not answer she , just go about he business . kate ( cont ’d ) what be you make ? sayid too soon to talk about . not sure if it 's 1ll even work . * * 48 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 8. kate you be try to pick up the signal , be not you ? the one we hear on the transceiver . bingo . reluctantly , sayid nod . sayid if the french woman 's transmission have truly be play on a loop for sixteen year , then there must be a power source on this island . a significant one . kate you can find it ? sayid hypothetically ... yes . ( beat ) I be make a antenna , of sort . with a few of this mount at different point on the island , I may be able to use the transceiver to triangulate the signal . find out where it 's come from . kate what can I do to help ? sayid this be only a prototype . test it now may be premature ... kate then it 's a good thing I test well . sayid eye she for a moment . smile . a moment . then -- sayid appear you be as anxious to get off this island as I be . Boy , do not we know it . off kate ... ext . beach — meanwhile 48 on michael , collect wood near the edge of the jungle . Walt sit nearby , petting Vincent , who 's tie to a tree . he suddenly catch sight of he Pov - locke , sit in the sand , unlock a suitcase , and lift the lid toward camera , mask what 's inside . ee of * * of F a es lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 9 . on walt , he get up and start to walk off . Michael see he out of the corner of he eye . michael where you go , man ? walt ( bust ) nowhere . michael look over at locke , now rummage through the suitcase . walt ( cont ’d ) I just think ... I want to go see what Mr. locke 's do . michael how ' bout you help you dad with the wood , okay ? ( beat ) I be sure Mr. locke do not want a kid hang around he all day , anyway . Walt be obviously not keen on that option , but he grudgingly begin to pick up stick -- walt at least he talk to I . that sting -- but it 's kinda true , too . michael okay . l let 's talk then . what you wanna talk about ? walt forget it . as Walt sulk , Michael cast another wary eye at locke , before pick up a final piece of wood and crossing back to the fuselage , where we find ... jack , a bandana around he neck , supervise as various other bring over wood and brush . he take Michael 's delivery and pass it along to a chain of two other men inside the cabin , also wear something across they face . he cast a wary eye over at lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 10 . he Pov - a SMALL gathering of four or five castaway talk , occasionally peer over . among they be Claire , who look at Jack , then peel away and cross to he . claire Excuse I . Doctor ...? jack Jack . Claire , right ? ( be : she belly ) how 's the ...? claire good . he 's good . ( beat ) I think maybe you should see this . she hand Jack some fold , partially singed papers . as he unfold they ... claire ( cont ’d ) somebody find it . ( point to the fuselage ) in there . they be collect belonging . jack Pov - the page contain hand write note accompany by color photo of a happy , young couple , lovely bridal gown , a luxurious beach resort , floral arrangement , etc . claire ( cont ’d ) they be weed plan . ( point , read ) '' Steve and Kristen 's . '' they be on the plane . sitting a couple of row behind I . I remember ' cause ... ( a little overcome ) they look ... so happy . Jack quickly return the page to she , awkward under the weight of she raw emotion -- jack I -- I do not understand , Claire , what be I suppose to do with -- claire I think ... well , some of we be wonder if maybe we should do some kind of ... thing . like a memorial service or something . you could lead it ... + h of HH + % + + fo of + 49 50 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 11 . jack uh , no , I do not think ... claire it 's just a few word . or maybe we could just read off name . from the passport or driver 's license -- Jack 's have enough -- jack look -- it 's not my thing . Claire instantly back off . clear to she ( and we ) she 's push a button that best be not push -- claire oh. okay . then ... maybe I could do it . jack yeah . sound fine . whatever everybody want . and with that , Jack walk off . as Claire watch he go ... ext . beach - edge of the jungle —- meanwhile 49 on boone , collect wood ... he look up as jin , cross by , he arm also laden with wood . they notice each other . after a moment , boone offer : boone hi. jin return the greeting with a friendly nod and move off . boone cross to a piece of driftwood high on the beach , then suddenly see rose , sit far down the beach , near the surf , by herself . reverse - close on rose , just sit , stare out at the sea , gently caress the gold band she wear on a string around she neck . we can make out boone in the deep background . ext . beach - moment later 50 on shannon , do a crossword puzzle in the back of a airline magazine , as other continue to toil around she . we see boone dump off he wood by the fuselage and cross to she : " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 12 . boone that woman 's still sit out there . shannon ( barely listen ) uh huh . boone her husband be on the plane . in the back . shannon great . boone be you even listen to I ? shannon what 's a four-letter word for '' I do not care ? '' boone she have not move from that spot since yesterday , Shannon . ( beat ) somebody should go talk to she . shannon I nominate you . ( weary sigh ) take care of the whole freakin’ world , one person at a time . boone shannon not the whole world . just my sister -- -- who be do just fine until you come along . boone yeah ! you have it all together . that 's why I have to fly seven thousand mile to rescue you ass . ( then ) face it , Shannon . you would be lose without I . shannon correction . I be lose with you . * + of * lost " walkabout " ( pink ) 7/22/04 13 . boone yeah , well , at least you know you will not starve with I to take care of you . shannon boone I be not gonna starve ... -- yeah ? what be you gonna eat ? shannon ( shrug ) Ocean 's full of fish . boone hate to break it to you , but the ocean 's not gonna take you gold card . and now Shannon finally put down she magazine . it 's on -- shannon you do not think I can catch a fish ? boone 's look at she say it all . nope . before she can respond , they attention 's draw to ... angle on sawyer and hurley , yell on top of one another . hurley keep reach for the backpack in sawyer 's hand . sawyer shove he away . as they quarrel , ten or fifteen castaway converge on they . hurley sawyer -- hand ‘em over -- there 's -- how ' bout ' no’ other people here , or do not well , maybe if one of we you give a crap -- do not eat more than he fair that 's bull and you know it -- share , would not be a shortage dude , what 's you Problem ?! -- hey , I be peachy , pork -pie . not happy unless you be you be the one -- screwing over -- boone enter the fray , try to calm the situation . boone okay , guy , knock it off . c’mon -- sawyer stay outta this , Metro - - jack ( 0.s. ) what 's go on ? lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 14 . sawyer , hurley and boone look over to see jack , kate and sayid push past some of the onlooker . hurley ( indicate sawyer ) jethro here 's hoard the last bag of peanut . sawyer it 's my own stash . ( nodd to fuselage ) found ‘em in there . jack ( to hurley ) what about the rest of the food ? hurley ( to hurley ) there be no rest of the food , dude . it 's go . we kinda ... eat it all . the castaway start to murmur : '' no food ? '' and panic begin to seep in . people be really start to get scared . the knower do they best to maintain order -- jack sayid okay , everybody calm down ... -- we can find food . there be plenty of thing on this island to sustain we . on sawyer , who casually lean against a row of detach airplane seat . sawyer oh yeah ? and exactly how be we gonna get this ... sustenance ? thwack ! a good-size knife suddenly imbed itself in the empty seat next to sawyer . he flinch back , startle . on jack , kate and the other as they turn toward the direction from which the knife have come to see locke . locke we hunt . stop . let it sink in . the pure authority of this man . after a moment , kate step toward he ... lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 14a . kate how would you get that knife on the plane ? lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 15 . locke eye she a moment ... then shrug . locke I check it . Jack pull the knife out of the seat . for a second we think he might keep it ... but instead , he offer it to locke , hilt out . sizing up this guy for the first time -- jack either you have get good aim ... ( look to sawyer ) or bad aim , mr...? michael locke . his name 's locke . jack okay . so what be it we be hunt , Mr. locke ? slow push in on locke as he speak ... locke we know there be wild boar on the island . razorback by the look of they . the one who come into camp last night be piglet ... a hundred , hundred and fifty pound each . that mean there 's a mother nearby . a two -hundre and fifty pound rat with scimitar- like tusk and a surly disposition , who have love nothing more than to eviscerate anything that come near she ... on jack , eyeing locke as he continue ... locke ( cont 'd ) ... boar 's usual mode of attack be to circle around they prey , charge from behind . so I figure it 's 1ll take at least three of we to flank one of the piglet , distract it just long enough for I to pin it ... and slit its throat . everyone stare at he , stunne for a moment . turn to Jack -- sawyer and you give he he knife back . then sawyer 51 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 16 . jack if you have get a better idea ... sawyer better than three of y’all wander into the magic forest to bag we a hunk ‘o ham armed with one 1 'o bitty knife ? Hell no ! that 's the best idea I ever hear ! with the barest of smirk , locke take a step toward he black bag lie nearby and deftly kick open the lid . reveal , strapped to the lid , half a dozen large hunting knive , of various shape and size , along with other hunt accountrement : fishing line ; snake - bite kit ; etc . the other react . fuck. close on hurley : hurley who be this guy ? int . office - day - flashback 51 close up on locke , in crisp white shirt and tie , jotting something down in a open file . suddenly he phone trill . locke pick it up : locke '' ( into phone ) yes ? clipped voice ( v.o. ) ( on the phone ) Col. locke , be this line secure ? locke 's eye dart off for a moment , before he push a button on he phone console . locke line secure , gl - 12 . go ahead . clipped voice ( v.o. ) ( on the phone ) target area be acquire . maneuver be a go for thirteen hundred hour . repeat -- we be a go . locke Roger that . we ’1ll convene at the usual rendezvous point at -- * of F a ee ae lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 17 . randy ( 0.s. ) locke ! locke look up from he call and we reveal ... randy , a office supervisor , stand at the entrance to locke 's cubicle . that 's right , locke 's a mid-level management cubicle jockey . randy ( cont 'd ) I tell you . I need that tps report finish by noon today . not twelve-thirty . not twelve - fifteen . noon ! locke , evenly , though clearly peeve : locke I hear you the first time , Randy . as Randy start to leave , he add : randy and no personal call during office hour . Colonel . Randy move off , barely suppress a snicker and we be ... close on locke , he eye narrow , watch he go ... CUT to black : end of act one 52 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 18 . act two ext . beach - mid-day 52 close on a knife , glint in the sunlight . wide to see kate hold it , look it over , before she slide it into she belt and continue gear up she hear : jack ( 0.s. ) so you be hunt boar now , huh ? she turn and see Jack . hint of a smile . this will always be they dynamic -- concern baked under the fluffy crust of a chemistry neither can deny . as they walk and talk -- kate who say this be my first time boar - hunt . jack uh huh . tell I something -- how come anytime there 's a hike into the heart of darkness , you sign up ? you know what 's in there . kate actually , I do not . and we can see that kate be kinda scared ... vulnerable , even . kate ( cont 'd ) but at least I have get some experience , right ? Jack smile . she can handle herself . so he turn he attention across the beach towards -- locke , fill he vest with stuff from he suitcase ... jack what 's you feel on we new friend ? kate seem to know what he 's do . jack call I paranoid , but anyone who pack a suitcase full of knife ... kate ( smile ) if I do not know better , I have say you be worried about I , Jack . ee eh of * of F + % % fof lost " walkabout " ( yellow ) 8/2/04 19 . jack if I do not know better , I have say you have get a problem stay in one place very long , kate. ( beat ) so you wanna tell I why you be really go ? kate stop . she 's bust . eager to break this awkward moment , kate make sure they be far enough away from the other -- open up she pack , revealing sayid 's antenna . kate sayid give I this so he can triangulate the distress signal we hear -- find the source . jack ( realize ) this be not about boar . she smile as she refasten she bag and hoist it , do she best to cover she nervousness with bravado -- kate what can I say ? I be a vegetarian . she move off . Jack watch she go . 53 ext . another part of the beach —- meanwhile 53 walt 's plead with Michael who shove thing into a pack . walt but why can not I come ? michael because I say so -- at that moment , Michael notice SUN crossing by , hold plant she 's apparently dig up . he attempt to communicate with she pantomimicaly as he introduce himself -- michael ( cont 'd ) uh , hi . I be , uh , Michael . mi - chael . my name . SUN ( gesture to herself ) Sun. lost " walkabout " ( yellow ) 8/2/04 michael '' Sun . '' Sun ... that 's -- that 's nice . uh , listen , Sun ... I be ... I ... be go off ... off ... away ... to hunt ... and I be wonder ... if you you could keep a eye on my boy ... Walt ... y’know ... watch he for I ... until I get back ... 19a . Sun look somewhat apprehensive at first , then , after a moment 's think , she nod and speak in Korean : * 54 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 20 . SUN I will gladly look after you son . michael sorry ... I do not understand japanese , but -- you be cool with this , right ? SUN ( smile shyly ) yes . and I be Korean . walt I do not need a baby-sitter ... michael c’mon , man . Vincent need you here , okay ? as Walt sulk , Michael add : michael ( cont 'd ) and cheer up . this 's 1ll give I a chance to get to know you friend Mr. locke a little better . with that , he head off to join kate and locke , as they move off into the jungle . SUN try not to worry about you father . he will be all right . walt yeah , whatever . ext . beach —- makeshift infirmary area —- meanwhile 54 on charlie as he sit down in a quiet secluded spot , look around to see the coast be clear , then take out he bag of dope . clearly about to take a hit , then ... reverse angle - behind he as a pair of shapely leg come into frame . feeling someone 's presence , Charlie turn he head and peer up at shannon , the sun backlight she , haloing she head . shannon hi . charlie uh , hello . Shannon , right ? lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 21 . shannon yeah . ( she best smile ) you do anything right now ? charlie oh , um ... ( shove the bag into he pocket ) N - no , not really . at the , uh ... he get to he foot . charlie ( cont ’d ) what be you do now ? shannon I be just gonna take a walk . wanna come ? charlie er. yeah . sure . they head off down the beach . Charlie glow from the attention . after a beat ... shannon can I ask you something ? charlie ( grin ) I be wonder when you be gonna get ' round to it . yes . I be the bass player from drive sha - - shannon do you know anything about fishing ? charlie what --? Charlie halt , catch off-guard . then , off she expectant look , he clearly lie , sputtering out : charlie ( cont 'd ) fishing ? oh , yeah ... my granddad use to take I , teach I everything he know ... know -- he 's dead god rest he soul -- anyway , I be , like , a ... fishing fiend . ( beat ; confidently ) England 's a island after all , in ’it ? * he hk 55 56 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 22 . off shannon 's pleased look ... ext . beach - by the fuselage - meanwhile 55 angle on a wheelchair laden with wood , be pull by a castaway and deliver to -- jack , a bandana across he mouth and nose , feed wood and dry brush into the fuselage . as the castaway move off , leave the wheelchair , boone approach . boone Doc ? get a sec ? jack just call I Jack ... what 's up ? boone point down the beach . Jack look . he Pov - Rose , still sit out there . boone woman 's be sit by herself . I do not think she 's have any food or water . guess she 's have trouble deal ... y’know , about she husband . think maybe you could go and talk to she or something ? jack why I ? I be not a psychiatrist . maybe you should ... boone I just figure you might want to ' cause , well ... ( beat ) you be the one who save she life . as Jack look off in Rose 's direction , consider ... ext . jungle - afternoon 56 close on a tree trunk , the bark rubbed off . a hand reach into frame , feel the scar groove in the trunk . widen to find locke , in expert tracker mode , squatting next to the tree . he reach down , bring up some loose soil . kate and Michael in the background . kate step toward locke . kate find something ? + oh of + +e of lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 23 . he give she a cursory glance , then toss the dirt , stand . locke Ground here 's be roote up . that 's how boar get the majority of they food . digging . afterwards , they generally wallow in the dirt , rub up against tree -- ( point out tree scar ) -- score they with they tusk . michael o-kay . so what 's all that mean ? locke means we nre close . he start to move off , as kate fall into step with he . kate Mr. locke , how be it you -- ( smile ; then ) sorry ... you have a first name ? locke it 's John . kate John locke . like the philosopher . locke eye she , appreciatively . that grin -- locke like the philosopher . kate ( search she memory ) '' good and evil , reward and punishment , be the only motive to a rational creature ... '' she see locke and Michael just look at she , suddenly become self - conscious . kate ( cont 'd ) minore in college . michael great . and I get a art degree . ( look around , ironic ) who say higher education do not prepare you for the real world ? 57 58 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 24 . kate and where have you learn all this stuff , John ? track , hunt ... locke continue to look at she before answer ... locke well , let 's just say I have have time to minor in a few thing myself . locke continue on , move past frame as we stay with kate and Michael . they follow several step behind . michael ( sardonic , be : locke ) huh. International man of mystery . as they pass frame ... ext . beach - far end - day 57 on rose , still sit stoically , stare out as a airline blanket be suddenly drape over she shoulder . she do not respond or look up as Jack sit down next to she . he hold out a half empty bottle of water : jack hi. Rose , right ? remember I ? seat 23a ? get no response from she , he add , wryly : jack ( cont 'd ) I be the guy that tell you not to worry about the turbulence . Rose do not even look at he . jack ( cont 'd ) everybody 's get kinda worried about you . if you want to be alone , that 's fine , but you need to take care of yourself . you really should drink . ( no response , he sigh ) okay ... we do not have to talk . let 's just sit . for a while . and they do . in silence . ext . jungle - afternoon 58 on kate and michael - moving -- she glance at he , then ... lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 25 . kate you son -- how 's he handle all this ? michael Hell of a lot better than I be . kate you must be proud . he 's a brave kid . michael yeah . can not take credit for that -- I be not part of he life , ' till he mother pass away . two week ago . kate oh , I be sorry -- I do not -- michael that 's okay . they be live in Sydney the past couple of year . I fly out last week . to , y’know ... get he . ( beat , he look at she ) what be you do in Australia ? on kate . uh oh . thankfully -- locke ( 0.s. ) shhhhh ... they halt and look to find themselves in a field of tall grass . kate and Michael freeze as locke signal -- '' it 's right there . '' and sure enough , we see -- flash of dark fur as what must be a boar move through the tall grass . grunt . snort . and shit -- it 's close . locke turn toward Michael and kate and try to signal they , silently , to flank the boar ... kate start to move up , close to locke , but michael , eager to challenge locke 's authority , be resistant to comply . michael ( whisper ) quit give we the steal sign . damn pig do not even know we be -- a loud snort as -- * 59 lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 26 . something explode from the tall grass . it 's big . flash of fur and tusk as it charge locke grab onto kate , pull she out of the way of the charge boar . the animal sideswipe locke hard , send he spin to the ground ... and continue to charge at michael -- it hit he hard in the leg and he grunt in pain as he go down -- kate pick herself up a few foot away -- the grunting and snorting still all around they -- and make she way to help Michael . close on locke , down on the ground , daze -- we be in he head space again ( dream -like , slo - mo ) , much like we see he in the teaser . he prop himself up and see he Pov - kate reach Michael , obviously hurt . as we continue to hear the angry snarl of the boar . back to locke as he turn he attention to ... he feet . just like in the teaser . he have not lose a shoe , but he do not appear to be wiggling he toe , either . close on locke , continue to stare at he leg , the sound around he fade , as we hear : warren ( pre - lap ) move ... int . office - breakroom - afternoon - flashback 59 close on warren , forty -ish , short - sleeve shirt and tie . warren you have get to move , Colonel ... you troops be across enemy line . and time 's run out . reverse on locke , sit across from he , unperturb . locke patience -- a quality you lack , gl - 12 -- be the hallmark of a leader . lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 27 . randy ( 0.s. ) really ...? CUT out to reveal they be seat at a table in a small office breakroom -- vending machine line one wall . on the table be a game board - a flat map of the world , with color - differentiated army figure group in different area . locke 's boss randy stand over they , hold a clipboard -- randy ( cont 'd ) hallmark , huh ? tell I more about be a leader , locke . locke look at he with mute annoyance , then take a large bite from he sandwich as Randy pull up a chair and sit -- randy ( cont 'd ) and while you be at it , explain the deal with this '' Colonel '' thing ? peruse you file in human resource ... you have never be in any armed force . warren uh , hey , John ... ya wanna move ? I gotta get back to the mailroom -- randy shut up , Goldberg . ( back on locke ) so where have you serve , Colonel ? locke do not like this guy , but have to take it -- locke I be just play a game , Randy . this be my lunch hour and I can ... randy what 's a '' walkabout ? '' locke stiffen as Randy produce a color brochure from he clipboard and read : randy ( cont 'd ) '' experience the dream journey of the aborigine as you tour the fable Australian outback ... locke reach over , snatch the brochure from Randy 's hand . + ee ee + + + of lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 28. locke randy you have no right take that off my -- -- so you wander around , hunt and gather food , right ? on foot ? locke not that you have understand ... but a walkabout be a journey of spiritual renewal ... where one derive strength from the land ... become inseparable from it . ( then ) I have vacation day , Randy . I be go . already make a reservation . Warren be surprised by this -- warren wow , John , you be really do it , huh ? you tell helen yet ? locke shoot a glance at Warren as -- randy helen ? what 's this ? locke , you actually get a woman in you life ? locke that 's none of you business . randy what be it with you , locke ? why do you torture yourself , imagine you be some globe-trott spy or hunter ... collect you brochure for wilderness trip , rafting down the amazon ... and walkabout ? wake up -- you can not di ‘y hat ! locke randy ( softly ; to himself ) norman Croucher . -- norman who ? locke norman Croucher . he 's a double amputee . no leg . and he climb to the top of mount everest . why ? it be he destiny . hhh hk * + ee of ee of ek 60 lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 29 . Randy knock over a few of the army piece , knowing he 's ruin the game and locke be powerless to stop he ... randy that what you think , old man ? you have a destiny ? locke everyone have a destiny , Randy . mine just have not be reveal to I yet . while yours be to grow soft and fat , work in this office , push you papers and report ... always clamoring for promotion that 's 1l never come . this sting . Randy lean into he , piss . randy watch yourself , locke . unless you wanna find yourself out of a job . and with that , Randy push away from the table . as he huff out , he shake he head , scoff -- randy ( cont 'd ) destiny . close on locke , relenting , he eye drift down . subordinate by this fuck wanker . softly . almost pitifully -- locke just ... do not tell I what I can not do . ext . jungle - afternoon 60 on locke , still freeze on the ground . just look at he leg . lose in he own head while -- fifteen feet away , kate be with Michael . as she bend down to look at he injury ... michael how bad be it ? close on michael' leg wound - a deep gash across he thigh . kate suck in a breath , as freak as we be . kate uh -- it 's ... bad . lost " walkabout " ( blue ) 7/20/04 29a . kate stand , look around through the grass -- finally spot locke on the ground . move towards he , concerned -- lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 kate ( cont 'd ) John ...? ( move to he ) you all right ? locke ( wave she off ) Fine . I be fine , helen . he start to move he leg and slowly rise to he foot . locke ( cont ’d ) kate just -- just get the wind -- helen ...? knock out of I -- what ? -- you call I helen . locke glance at she , distract . locke ( cont 'd ) do I ? ( change subject ) which way do the boar go ? kate Michael 's hurt . we have get to get he back to ... locke yeah , of course . you take he back to camp . i’11l get the boar . kate what -- what be you talk about ? locke I be fine . I can do it . 30 . before she can make a move to stop he , he take off into the brush . kate follow a few step , call after he ... kate John -- you can not ! locke !!! she stop . he 's go . she share a look with Michael . on locke , move through the jungle , a man possess ... locke ( under he breath ) do not tell I what I can not do ... end of act two 61 lost " walkabout " ( pink ) 7/22/04 31 . act three ext . beach - reef inlet - late afternoon 61 close on the reef bed - we see a fish , swim among the coral . it 's lovely , tranquil , then -- a pointed stick clumsily stab into the water , once , twice ... widen to find hurley and Charlie stand on the reef , they pants roll up to they knee . it 's hurley stabbing the water with the spear as Charlie watch . charlie ya get it ? hurley dude -- quit ask I that . no! charlie sorry . ( then ) you say you know how to catch fish . hurley yeah . -- off the Santa monica pier with my old man and a fishing pole and bait . never have to poke one with a sharp stick before . charlie well , anyway ... really appreciate you help . hurley hey , anything that keep I far away from that fuselage ... ( stab at the water again ) and that freakin’ redneck jerk . and again , he stab at the water . then , frustrated , he start beat the water with the stick . hurley ( cont 'd ) ah , dammit -- crap -- Son of a -- charlie er -- maybe I can give it a go . hurley stop pound , hand he the stick . hurley knock yourself out . r62 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 32 . Charlie ready himself , scan the water , he spear poise . hurley ( cont 'd ) ( spot a fish ) okay , here come one . remember to put you weight into it ... he 's head you way ... easy ... wait for it ... wait ... now ! Charlie stab hard , slip on the slick reef and fall headfirst into the water . he flail a moment before awkwardly righting himself in the shallow inlet . hurley ( cont 'd ) charlie aw , dude -- you be suppose you tell I to put my weight to try to pin it against -- into it -- suddenly , in the midst of they bicker , they pause , feel a presence , and look back at the beach to see jin -- just stand and stare at they . Charlie , still stand in the water , and hurley share a embarrassed look . after this awkward beat -- jin cross out onto the reef , squat and stare down into the water . hurley ( cont ’d ) uh , hey , careful , man . you be gonna scare away all the -- splash ! jin 's hand jut into the water and he come up with a good size fish . he turn , hand it to Charlie , nod and cross away . over hurley and charlie as they look at each other , then turn and watch jin leave . ext . beach - by the fuselage - meanwhile a62 close on hand , bend and break off metal trimming from wreckage . widen to see it 's sayid . move with he as he gather he new metal piece and cross by the fuselage , people still fill it with brush , then ... claire , sorting through a grow pile of wallet , passport , fanny - pack , etc . she notice he . claire um ... be you name sayid ? 62 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 33 . sayid yes . she hold up a singe envelope . claire this have you name on it . on sayid , almost disbely , as he take it from she ... sayid I ... I think I have lose this . Claire smile and go back to she sorting . close on sayid as he pull out a batch of photograph . he Pov - they be almost exclusively photo of a woman -- some be take of she from behind , in other she face be * obscure by a veil . * sayid , clearly elate to have this back . he continue on ... ext . beach - far end - meanwhile 62 on jack and rose , still sit . Rose look intently at the ring in she hand . after a beat , he look at she . jack you a religious woman , Rose ? ( no answer ) I do not get much religion grow up . just be not a issue in my family . ( beat ) kinda wishing it have be , y'know . after you have be in a plane crash ... help to believe in ... something . after a long beat ... * rose his finger swell . Jack sit up . surprise she 's finally say something ... * jack * sorry ? * rose Bernard . my husband . his hand swell up when we fly ... lost " walkabout " ( GREEN ) 8/2/04 jack ( nodd ) the altitude -- rose he start have I hold onto he wedding ring whenever we take a plane trip . always wear it around my neck for safe keep . just until we land , you see ... Jack nod , sympathetically . Rose finally look at he . rose ( cont 'd ) y’know , Doctor , you do not need to keep you promise . jack promise ? rose the one you make to I on the plane . to keep I company until my husband get back from the restroom . ( she smile ) I be let you off the hook . jack sorry . you be not get rid of I that easily . Rose go back to stare at the ocean . jack ( cont 'd ) Rose ... you should not be out here alone . you be suffer from a post-traumatic shock ... rose be not we all ? Jack see the humor in that and laugh . jack yeah . I guess we be . the two share the chuckle as she look at he again -- rose you have get a nice way about you . a good soul . patient . care ... I suppose that 's why you become a doctor . 34 . 63 lost " walkabout " ( goldenrod ) 8/4/04 35 . jack ( smile fade ) thanks , but I be just kind of bear into it ... ( pensively ) family business . before she can say anything further , he jump in with : jack ( cont 'd ) do you have a family , Rose ? kid , I mean ... you and Bernard ? rose mm-hm . Three . all boy . jack Three . that 's great . and I be sure it 's important for you to get back to they . they need they mom . rose I appreciate the think , Doctor . but my boy be all grow . kid get to a certain age , you need they more than they need you . something about that seem to hit home with Jack . almost to himself : jack I do not know about that . omitted 63 64 65 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 36 . int . jungle - valley - meanwhile 64 on locke , reach the bottom , then move with purpose , tracking the boar ... locke ( pre - lap ) I have never feel so alive ... int . locke 's apartment - night - flashback 65 we hear locke 's voice speak to someone as we pan across a moderately low -rent apartment , litter with book ; travel magazine and , inexplicably , some kind of Electronic muscle stimulator ( ems ) unit with several wire emanate from it . a hand adjust the control on it . locke ( into phone ) get to finally tell Randy off -- it be ... life - change . continue the pan , we find the hand belong to locke sit on he Murphy bed , talk on the phone . the wire from the ems dip just below frame . locke ( into phone ) ( cont ’d ) I mean it -- now I be free to do all the thing I have ever want to do . thing I know I be destine to do . like we talk about , helen ... we hear the filter voice of a woman on the line . helen ( v.o. ) it 's ... wonderful , John . I be happy for you . really . locke ( into phone ) I have not even tell you the best part . remember that authentic aboriginal walkabout -- helen ( v.o. ) sure . it 's all you have talk about for week . locke ( into phone ) yeah , well ... I be really go to do it . I be fly to Australia at the end of the week . ( shifting nervously ) I buy ... two ticket . lost " walkabout " he wait , but there locke ( into phone ) helen ...? -- I know , but -- -- so have I -- -- eight ( production draft ) 7/15/04 37 . 's just silence on the other line . ( cont 'd ) helen ( v.o . ) -- John , we talk about this . I like you . and I have enjoy talk with you this past few month -- locke ( into phone ) ( cont 'd ) month . helen ( v.o . ) I be not allow to meet customer . customer ? this isn 's it be not locke ( into phone ) be that what I be to -- helen ( v.o. ) t really normal ... I mean , what I do . maybe you should find a ... I dunno ... therapist . locke ( into phone ) ( start to fume ) i_have a therapist . John -- helen ( v.o . ) locke ( into phone ) I think you understand , helen . you know John , if I better than anyone . helen ( v.o. ) we talk any longer I '' gonna have to charge you for another hour . that 's another $ 89.95 . you can not afford that any -- locke ( into phone ) I do not care about money ! I just -- helen ( v.o . ) I be sorry , John . I gotta go . there be a click as helen ?! she hang up . locke ( into phone ) helen ! ! push in on locke , abandon , furious -- he slam down the phone . and again . and again . the last time slam we to : 66 lost omitted " walkabout " ( yellow ) 8/2/04 38 . 66 67 lost " walkabout " ( GREEN ) 8/2/04 39 . ext . jungle - late afternoon 67 on kate and michael as they reach a small clear . kate suddenly stop , look up at a nearby tree . kate wait a minute ... michael that the guy with the gimpy leg should be decide when we rest . she drop she bag and take off she over - shirt . michael ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? kate try to boost the transceiver signal . I be gonna climb this tree and attach a antenna . Michael look up at ... he Pov - a very tall tree . michael you be gonna climb that ? kate climb a lot worse . she throw the bag over she shoulder , get a grip on the tree and start up . we follow she all the way up , use whatever outcropping from the trunk that she can for she foot . as she reach the top , she take the antenna out of the bag and attempt to attach it with a bungee cord when she hear : that ungodly SOUND and ghostly moan . on michael , hearing it , too . michael aw , hell . back to kate as she see : tree , bend violently -- something very large make its way across frame . 68 lost " walkabout " ( GREEN ) 8/2/04 40 . push in on kate as she realize - it 's back . the huge , ravenous thing ... she suddenly lose she grip on the antenna ... ground level - as the antenna hit , it smashes to piece , right before Michael . michael ( cont 'd ) hey !! on kate , reach the ground . michael ( cont 'd ) you hear that ? kate it 's on the move . michael what -- toward we ? kate no . it 's go that way . toward ... she hesitates , realize something . michael what 's wrong ? she look at he . kate I think it 's head for locke . ext . jungle - valley - meanwhile 68 tracking close on locke , as he catch sight of the boar - or rather a Mass of brown fur quickly disappear into a patch of dense brush . locke move in , slowly , produce and bring up the large hunt knife in he hand . then he suddenly halt as he hear , from the brush : the boar shrieking in agony , its cry suddenly swallow up by the inhuman grinding noise of we jungle monster . on locke - as it get quiet again . his mind reel with option before he become aware of something move toward he . he brace himself and slowly look up as lost " walkabout " ( GREEN ) 8/2/04 40a . thing Pov - High up , come through the tree , find locke stare up at it . we hear that undefinable noise ... on locke , as a large shadow fall over he . he stand he ground , freeze with ... awe ? as he look into the face of the behemoth ... CUT to black : end of act three 69 lost " walkabout " ( yellow ) 8/2/04 41 . act four ext . beach - dusk 69 on claire - sit on a blanket , organize the various license , passport , picture , and other document when five other wallet be suddenly toss onto the pile . she look up at -- sawyer this be , uh ... found this the other day . when I be ... ( screw the explanation ) ah , hell . just take ‘em . claire thanks . sawyer ( move off ) yeah . he cross past SUN as she extract a vicious fluid from the root of a plant into a plastic bowl . Walt sit nearby with Vincent , watch she . curious , despite himself . walt what ... what be that ? ( point at the fluid ) that ! Sun smile at he , then rub some of the fluid across she bare tooth . walt ( cont ’d ) ohh . I get it . like toothpaste , right ? Sun nod . then , teach he the word in Korean , she sound it out slowly . SUN toothpaste . walt ( repeat , in Korean ) toothpaste . * + et of * + * lost " walkabout " ( yellow ) 8/2/04 41a. SUN smart boy . as she give Walt a wink , they suddenly hear somebody shout '' they be back ! , '' and see some of the castaway rush toward kate and michael emerge from the jungle ; Michael lean on she . angle on walt , see he father . walt dad ! he run to he . she watch he go . on kate , hand Michael over to hurley . kate watch he leg . hurley ( unsure about ask ) so , like , what happen out there ? before she can answer , Walt arrive to greet Michael -- walt dad ! ( eyeing the blood ) you leg 's all mess up . do it hurt ? 70 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 42 . on michael - please with he son 's attention and concern , he look past Walt and share a look with SUN who watch , smile gently . he thanks she with a nod . michael s’okay , man . not as bad as it look . kate turn to cross away , only to find sawyer 's there to greet she , with he usual smirk . sawyer the mighty huntress return . -- what 's for dinner , honey ? kate not now . she cross off . he watch she go , a little chagrine . on michael and walt . walt wow ... so , like a boar fight -- michael be not so much a fight . pretty much just I get gore . Walt suddenly think of something and look around : walt um ... where 's Mr. locke ? off Michael , unsure how to break the news ... ext . beach - far end - meanwhile 70 on jack and rose still sit there in the sand , stare out ... there Pov - the sun dip down past the horizon . on jack , speak without look at she . jack Rose ... after the sun go down ... we be burn the fuselage ... she look at he and turn to she . lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) jack ( cont 'd ) it 's ... it 's just something we have to do . there 's gonna be a memorial service back at the camp . for that who ... who do not make it . a way for everyone to say good - bye . after a moment ... rose I have like to be there for that . Jack 's eye widen . she 's ready . jack okay . he get up and help Rose to she foot . jack ( cont 'd ) maybe ... if you have like to say something ... y’know , about you husband ... to say goodbye to he , I be sure -- rose ( squinting at he ) what ? jack I be just say ... if you want to say goodbye to Bernard -- she smile almost pityingly at Jack . rose Doctor -- my husband 's not dead . 7/15/04 43 . track back with she as she turn and start walk toward camp , leave a stunne Jack behind . then he follow she ... jack he be in the tail section , Rose . it break off in mid-flight . I be sorry , but ... everyone in the rear of the plane 's go . rose they be probably think the same thing about we . on jack , chew on that , when he suddenly glance at something and freeze ... 71 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 44 . he Pov - a older man stand on the edge of the jungle , near a cluster of tree , a good distance away . to we , he could easily appear to be one of the castaway . to Jack , there 's something else . he can not make out the man 's face , but he wear a impeccably clean , dark blue suit ... and white tennis shoe . jack react , startle , but before he can say or do anything , he 's distract by : rose ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Doctor ...? Jack look at she . rose ( cont 'd ) be you come ? ... then back to the older man . who 's now gone . do he cross behind the tree ? off jack , unnerve ... ext . beach — meanwhile 71 boone emerge from a gather of some agitate people , verge on panic . he approach Shannon ... boone look like the hunt do not go well . that bald guy never come back -- shannon boone wait -- so they do not bring back any food at all ? -- do you hear what I say ?! somebody may have die out there -- shannon we be all gonna be dead if somebody do not -- charlie ( 0.s. ) here we be , love ... she turn to see Charlie , hold the fish jin catch for he . charlie ( cont ’d ) as promise , you and I 'il be dining on fresh catch of the day . hope you do not mind alfresco . oe lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 45 . she grab boone , as shannon ( pleased ) my fish ! it from he . then , disgust , hand it off to Charlie wax on ... charlie yeah . nothin 's to it , be there ? like I say ... I be a fishing fiend . this one give I a hell of a tussle . but I stick with it ... y‘know , tired he out -- boone ( glaring at Shannon ) I do not believe you -- shannon awww , what 's the matter ? can not stand I fend for myself ? boone ( to Charlie ) listen , hey , I be sorry about this -- charlie ( uncomfortable ) uh , no worry , mate . we be -- I mean , I be just -- shannon boone ( to boone ) what be you apologize to -- for you -- use this poor he for ? guy , just like you use -- oh , whatever . everybody else -- boone and , somehow , in you twisted little brain , you think this prove to I you can take care of yourself . Shannon toss a look at Charlie then back to boone . shannon ( with a smirk ) told you I could catch a fish , do not I ? pow ! on charlie , humiliate , realize he 's be play , as we hear they continue to argue . ed lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 46 . boone ( 0.s. ) that 's low , Shannon . even for you . shannon ( 0.s. ) oh , go find a baby bird you can rescue or something ... 72 ext . beach - dune - meanwhile 72 close on the shattered remnant of the antenna as kate pass they into sayid 's cup hand . kate I be sorry . ( a bad joke and she know it ) I should have get the warrantee . sayid I suppose I ‘'1ll just try again . ( frustration building ) of course , I have no welding iron , no rivet , scorched wiring ... and of course , I must continue to lie to anyone who ask I what I be actually do ... kate sayid -- he look at she and soften . sayid sorry . ( force a smile ) I be cranky when I be hungry . kate ( smile back ; then ) we will try it again . sayid we will try it again . they share a look , not unwarm . and smile . then , with some seriousness ... kate really think it 'il work ? sayid ( determine ) I will make it work . ee ee pe ee ee lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 47 . jack ( 0.s. ) kate -- she turn as Jack approach they . kate hey -- sayid Excuse I ... sayid nod to Jack as he move off . Jack 's attention go to the scrape on kate 's cheek -- jack you okay ? he touch the scratch gently , examine she injury . purely professional . and yet ... kate be this where you say '' I tell you so ? '' jack I be not big on rub it in . kate smile . they be close . but then , a sober moment -- kate locke 's go . that ... thing ... in there . I think it get he . Jack absorb that for a moment . shake he head . kate notice the castaway beginning to gather near the fuselage -- kate ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? jack the fuselage be ready to go . ( beat ) some of the other decide to ... I guess some word be gonna be say ... over the fire ... name read , I think ... kate that 's good . a little closure . jack ( distract ) yeah . lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 48 . kate I do not think they be ready to know what we -- she pause , suddenly realize Jack be look past she at something . he Pov - the older man in the white shoe , mostly obscure by the foliage . kate see Jack 's expression : kate ( cont 'd ) what ? but Jack be already move past she , toward the older man who move off deeper into the jungle . Jack 's rush to the edge of the jungle , kate right behind he . kate ( cont 'd ) Jack -- he 's about to dive in when ... a large form emerge from the brush . Jack and kate come to a sudden halt and look upon ... locke , he brow and arm slightly bloody , he arm sling over a long stick across he shoulder , not unlike a scarecrow . jack locke -- ? locke suddenly heave the stick off of he and we see a dead boar , hog -ty to it . the carcass hit the ground before they . close on locke - his face flush with the kill , he chest heaving ... CUT to black : end of act four 73 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 49 . act five ext . beach - by the fuselage - night 73 crane shot - we see smoke and fiery ember rise up against the night sky , then tilt down onto the burning fuselage , and the crowd of survivor stand before it , some bow they head in prayer , other quietly cry -- all the while hearing Claire 's voice : * + claire judith martha Walker ... Denton , Texas ... guess she be gonna catch a connect flight ... * ( study the license ) uh , well , she wear corrective lense . and ... she be a organ donor ... CUT in on claire , sniffle she way through this impromptu eulogy - ( occasionally pop in on other as they listen . ) hurley stand next to she , hold various i.d.s , document and other item . boone be also near , hold up a torch , give she the light to read . [ note : we may also see a ipod propped up on some luggage , along with two external speaker , as we hear a appropriate song play . ] + of claire ( cont ’d ) or would have be ... * she hand off the license to hurley , who hand she the wedding plan she find earlier . she react ... claire ( cont ’d ) oh ... yeah . Steve and Kristen . I do not know they last name , but ... they be in love ... and they be go to be marry -- ( she voice break ) at least at least wherever they be now ... they have each other ... they be not alone ... arc around a tree as claire 's falter voice continue in the background , to find charlie , take a hit from he bag of dope . he close he eye , let the numbness wash over he , and shove the bag back into he pocket . ( there be not much leave . ) * we go with he as he step out from he hide place and rejoin the crowd , wind up next to kate , near the back . 74 75 lost " walkabout " ( pink ) 7/22/04 50 . panning across the gather , we see locke , next to walt and michael , then sayid , shannon , sawyer , SUN and jin , and , finally , rose , she eye close , appear almost serene . claire ( cont ’d ) ...- manuel raphael Ortiz ... Los Angeles ... he turn thirty - two ... wow , just last week ... and , well , look like Diego do not travel much -- at least as far as we can tell from he passport ... ( off piece of paper ) .-. but , oh , he must have have child ... a video store receipt in he wallet list overdue charge ... willy wonka and ... the Little princess ... on kate , stand by charlie . she scan the assemble . kate ( whisper , to Charlie ) have you see Jack ? Charlie look around , but can only shrug . off kate 's concerned look , as we hear Claire : claire ( 0.s. ) so ... I guess ... ( become emotional ) I expect they be miss they daddy right now ... ext . beach - far end - meanwhile 74 we see the fiery fuselage and congregate survivor way off in the distance , then boom down to find jack , sit alone , stare out over the ocean , far down the beach where Rose have sit . lose in troubled thought . ext . beach - by the fuselage - night 75 as we hear Claire read on , we find michael - he glance over at locke , who do not look back . after a beat , they speak in whisper ... michael Nice work . locke what ? 76 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 51 . michael the boar . Nice work . y’‘know ... killing it . ( beat ) just think I should say something . locke look at he a moment , then nod , accept Michael 's compliment , and return to look at the funeral pyre . another beat , then ... michael ( cont 'd ) so , that ... thing ... the monster , whatever ... she say it be head right toward you ... locke now turn and look directly into Michael 's eye . michael ( cont 'd ) do you see it ? I mean , do you get any kind of look at it ? a moment pass before locke shake he head . locke no. Michael stare back at locke for a beat . then nod and turn back to the service . as do locke . push in on locke 's face - flame flicker in he eye ... int . melbourne walkabout tour - morning —- flashback 76 close on a aussie TRAVEL agent , sit at he desk inside the storefront operation . TRAVEL agent -- the walkabout we arrange be not just some stroll through the park ... it 's trekk over vast stretch of desert -- rafting treacherous water -- climb -- close on locke , sit across from he , dress in a khaki vest , cap and dark sunglass . a small , bitter smile mask he contempt . locke you have get no idea who you be talk to . believe I . I be well aware of what 's involved ... ( more ) * lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 52 . locke ( cont 'd ) probably know more than you on the subject -- TRAVEL agent ( cut he off ) in any case , it 's a try ordeal for someone in peak physical condition , let alone -- locke look -- I book this tour a month ago . you have already get my money . now I demand a place on that bus -- TRAVEL agent locke you misrepresent yourself . -- i_never lie . TRAVEL agent by omission , Mr. locke ! you neglect to tell we about you condition -- locke ( snap ) my condition -- be not a issue ! I have live with it for four year and it 's never keep I -- TRAVEL agent yes , well , unfortunately , it 's a issue to we insurance company . see this go nowhere , the Travel agent stand cross past locke , who do not get up . TRAVEL agent ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I can not keep the bus wait any longer . it be not fair to the other people -- locke do not talk to I about fair ! -- TRAVEL agent -- we can put you on a plane back to Sydney on we dime . it 's the best we can do -- and we see through a large window , a tour bus wait to leave , its door open , the guide on the step look at he watch . * 77 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 53. locke I do not want to go back to Sydney ! I have spend year prepare for this . -- you put I on that bus right now ! I can do this ! TRAVEL agent ( at the doorway ) no . you can not . he exit to confer with the guide as locke yell after he . * locke do not you walk away from I ! he suddenly swivel around ... locke ( cont 'd ) you do not know who you be deal with . -- do not ever tell I what I can not do ! ever !... * as he roll himself toward the window , pull out to reveal ... locke be in a wheelchair . and have be throughout the entire flashback . shot to hide it , but drop subtle clue : the unscuffed shoe , the waist-high shelving , the ems unit , etc . * the bus door close and it pull away . the Travel agent look back at locke , shake he head and walk away . just do not want to deal with the guy ... locke ( cont 'd ) this be destiny ! this be my destiny ! I be suppose to do this , dammit !!! of pull up high and wide , locke look small and impotent ... locke ( cont 'd ) don ’t tell I what I can ’t -- flash CUT to : ext . beach —- day 77 locke 's toe - wiggling beneath they sock . angle on locke stare dumbly at they , then , as before , he retrieve he pristine shoe ( understanding its clean because he's never walked on it ) -- and put it on . 78 lost " walkabout " ( production draft ) 7/15/04 54 . once he do , he look up to the sky , almost serenely ... as if a understanding 's be reach . locke brace himself on a large , nearby , piece of wreckage , and carefully pull himself up to he foot . he take stock of he leg , gently rub they -- they appear steady , and he will they to take ... one ... two ... three ... tentative step . then a couple more confident one . close on locke - turn back to the scene of carnage -- his face flush with this '' miracle '' as he put he hand on he hip and watch -- CUT in to coverage from the pilot - Shannon scream , jin call out , Michael look for Walt , etc. , and we hear Jack 's voice , yell over the whine of the jet engine ... jack ( 0.s. ) -- get over here -- gimme a hand -- on locke , glance over at jack , who turn and see he : jack ( cont 'd ) you ! c’mon ... come over here ! gimme a hand ! -- tight close - up on locke , look over at Jack . flash CUT to : ext . beach - night 78 on locke - his eye drift over to something past the crowd . he Pov - the wheelchair , a short distance from the burn fuselage , rest idle and empty . close on locke , as a small smile curl the corner of he lip . end of show