walking tall written by mort briskin &amp ; David klass transcribe by < a href= " http://imsdb.com " >imsdb</a > intro inspire by a true story . we home in on a boat come in to shore . off walk a man , he be carry a backpack and wear shade . ext . town he walk through a town , pass various store and the general bustle of the people there . he notice a baby in a pram leave out on the sidewalk , then see the mother be in a alleyway do what look like a drug deal . ext . lumber yard Chris read a closure notice on the door . a police car roll up . sheriff watkins how ya doin ' ? CHRIS ok . when would the mill close ? sheriff watkins ahh 3 year this August . if ya lookin for work you might wanna try Aberdeen , that 's the close mill work you be gonna find around here . CHRIS that 's too bad . sheriff watkins Nah just simple economics . y'know we have a really nice casino here , the wild cherry . you wanna make some money maybe you wanna go on down there and try you luck at the blackjack table . CHRIS Nah I do not think so . thanks . Chris turn around and the sheriff notice he name on a bag . sheriff watkins you be Chris Vaughn ? the sheriff chuckle and step out of the car . sheriff watkins well hell , I know all about you Chris . I know you folk , I be sheriff Stan watkin . they shake hand . CHRIS how ya doin . sheriff watkins ralston get outta the car , you be lookin at a real soldier here pay some respect . ralston welcome home soldier . CHRIS thanks . sheriff watkins here Chris , ( open the back door ) we will give ya a ride up to you folk . CHRIS Nah I be fine thank you . sheriff watkins I insist . CHRIS I will walk . sheriff watkins hey it 's my pleasure . CHRIS it 's ok . sheriff watkins I will not take no for a answer ( jokingly reach for he gun ) . hey ! get in the car . Chris raise he hand and the sheriff chuckle . sheriff watkins do I scare ya with that one ? CHRIS lil bit . sheriff watkins ya. let 's go . int . police car sheriff watkins you be go a while huh ? CHRIS 8 year . harstad be sheriff back then . sheriff watkins harstad , yeah . sad story . about 5 month back he fall asleep at the wheel and uhhh ... hit a tree . good man , good man and a good sheriff . ext . the family home CHRIS thanks for the ride . sheriff watkins no problem , and uh Chris ( hand he a piece of paper ) . it 's election month ... I be you man . Chris take the paper and smile . he walk up the lane toward the house , a simple white building clad in wood . a lady dress in a police uniform come out . michelle can I help you ? Chris laugh . michelle lil ' brother .. you come over here and gimme a hug . they laugh together . michelle you look great . CHRIS what be this ? michelle hey , I could not let you be the only one look good in uniform . hey mar ! Chris be here ! CHRIS what 's with the tent ? ( point to a tent set up on the lawn ) . michelle oh , that 's for Pete . connie look at you ! CHRIS how ya doin ! Chris hug he mother , connie . a man slowly emerge from the front door . connie how long do we have ya for ? CHRIS for good . I be home . connie really ? you be not kiddin . CHRIS no . they hug again . CHRIS hey dad . dad welcome back . int . kitchen the family be eat takeaway . connie I wish you would have tell I you be come I would have cook . CHRIS this be great . michelle so what be you gonna do now that you be home ? CHRIS well I be plan on work at the mill , you letter never mention that it be close . connie we do not wanna bother you with we problem when you father get laid off . dad I get my business , you see the furniture outside . connie I substitute at the elementary school , Michelle pitch in . we try to keep thing simple . a kid walk in . michelle Pete ! this be you uncle Chris . CHRIS hey Pete . michelle sit down , say hello . last time he see you you be barely walk . pete and now I be camp . michelle I say you could sleep on the couch . it be Chris ' room first . CHRIS you tent 's gonna take on water . I could show ya how to rig it . pete do not look like it 's gonna rain to I Colonel . michelle Pete , cmon sit down , have something to eat . CHRIS first of all I be a sergeant . I work for a live . pete do you ever smoke anybody ? connie Pete ! michelle Pete ! pete y'know , papa 's still get you gun lock up in the garage . think you could teach I how to shoot ? CHRIS I figure that would be scrap metal by now dad . dad no , I be still hope that you will melt that thing down on you own . CHRIS sorry Pete . pete whatever . I be outta here Mom . michelle okay , be back by ten . pete ten thirty ( as he walk out ) michelle ten ! dad remind you of anyone ? int . bedroom we can see from the window that it 's raining heavily outside . Chris set about unpack he thing . Pete come in look wet . pete ok it rain . happy ? CHRIS no . why dontcha crash on the floor ? Pete look at he . CHRIS ok , I will crash on the floor , you crash on the bed . pete uh uh. ( start walk out ) CHRIS pete. ( hand he a towel ) . keep ya dry . pete do you really kill people ? Chris look at he . ext . outside the house a crappy camper van roll up . a man step out . CHRIS Ray Ray ! ahaaa . ray hello puddin' . they hug . CHRIS how ya doin ? ray I be alright . CHRIS what be that ? ( point to the van ) ray that 's the lovemachine . CHRIS Girls actually get in there ? Ray shrug . CHRIS how ya be ? ray good. clean livin . CHRIS wanna beer ? ray no. believe it or not I quit drinkin . I will take a soda though . CHRIS here . ray thanks man . CHRIS whoah . ( spot a tattoo of a guitar on Ray 's arm ) . ray ya like that ? when you leave town it give I the idea that I should do something with my life too so uhh I go down to Seattle , get a guitar and become all about music . and then pretty soon I be about music and drug , n pretty soon I be basically just about drug . ended up doin 2 year for b+e . CHRIS I be sorry . ray nahh , look at I now though right ? I be clean and sober for 14 month , do construction and renewing that supportive and healthy friendship from my past . matter of fact I talk to the bastard , tell they you be back and they ask I to politely remind you that kick off 's in twenty minute . ext . football field a group of guy be there wait , one of they hold a ball . they salute as Chris walk up . they all laugh . CHRIS playin ball ? all let 's play ball ! jimmy Ray go deep go deep ! ( as Ray run off he throw the ball into Ray 's back ) . CHRIS ( spot a sign that read ' hamilton field ' ) when do that happen ? jimmy his parent have not leave he the mill more than 2 minute before he shut it down . CHRIS why ? a voice shout ' head up ' Chris catch a fast ball throw from behind . jay step out of he vehicle . jay Cause I open my casino . CHRIS still get a gut huh jay ? jay still get you reflex . what , you get tired of be all that you can be ? CHRIS I be still all I can be . jay really ? I will just have to see about that . what bring you home ? CHRIS I just wanna relax , catch my breath . jay you ? relax ? another truck with a few guy on it pull up jay not today . a football game ensue , there be two team . jay 's guy versus Chris ' guy . on the sideline Pete pull up on a small motorcycle . Chris notice Pete hang around with kid smoking . it come down to the last play , the team be huddle into two group talk . ray if we score here we win right ? CHRIS alright boy , last play . we need to put this to rest . ray just give I the ball . CHRIS you get it . on the first hut ! jay ok Vaughn , last chance . Chris get the ball and throw it . a opponent come in hard and tackle he low . he collapse . Ray run for the ball but get clothesline by jay . jay that 's game ! opponent ( to Chris ) sorry about that . CHRIS that 's cool man . Chris help Ray onto he foot . jay welcome home . CHRIS good to be back . jay see ya round . hey , if you be not do anythin later on you could come by the casino . I will introduce ya to some nice girl , drink be on I . whaddya say ? CHRIS see ya tonight . jay cool . jay speed off in he car . Pete roll up on he bike . pete hey sarge , good game . maybe next time . CHRIS hold up . maybe next time I will not see you with the bleacher smoking weed . ray welcome home buddy . ext . outside the wild cherry casino CHRIS do not you have to be native american to own a casino ? jimmy oh Hamilton 's one sixteenth black man now . friend 2 just so you guy know , I be gonna triple my money tonight . friend 3 yea , like last time . wound up sell you body for bus fare . friend 4 he have to walk ! they all laugh . CHRIS nobody 's gonna have any problem find this place . ray it 's the subtle attention to aesthetics that I find most impressive , blend in with the mountain so nicely . int . wild cherry casino the place be pack with gambling table and attractive woman . friend not bad huh ? CHRIS not bad . ray be not it wonderful ? all you gambling need under one great big roof . you get you ATM machine , teller to cash you paycheck , and when you be here you do not gotta worry about that lil thing like child support , rent , the law of mathematical probability . worker gentlemen , Mr Hamilton would like to invite you to the VIP lounge . ray oh , ' mister ' Hamilton . int . VIP lounge jay heyyy , the dream team ! CHRIS Nice place . jay yeah well . welcome to my world . look tonight , all the drink be on the house . if you need a line of credit , say how much . and if you need a lil female companionship ... do . alright ? have a good time . CHRIS where you goin ? jay do not you worry about I , I have get a few thing to do . enjoy . ray just remember , nothin in here 's free . c'mon , this place be nothin but fake boob and real asshole if ya ask I . just water for I . friend here 's to you Chris . they all down some drink . they lead Chris down a corridor . friend do not say we never do nothin ' for ya ! friend 2 do not worry , everybody 's a lil scared the first time . get in there , sit back and enjoy . Chris ' friend have lead he to a stripping booth , he friend insert the money . friend 2 if you be not back by morning we will send a search party for you . CHRIS bye ! no drink . his friend leave , close the door behind they . a screen go up and a striptease begin . the lady be dress in the style of a firewoman and have a pole in the center of the stage . she dance around the pole and remove clothes . stripper so you from here or just visit . CHRIS lil of both , I grow up here . stripper so you have see all the old face . CHRIS could say that . stripper you voice sound very familiar . the light come on . stripper Chris ... CHRIS deni .. the screen go down again , Chris leave the booth . int . casino friend 1 look who 's back . friend 2 so , good surprise ? friend 1 told you it be better than gambling . you meet candy ? ( a girl be dance on they table ) CHRIS hey candy . ( to the guy ) let 's go . int . crap table croupier 6 ! easy 6 for a win ! jimmy ( to some girl ) we can do a 6 . jimmy ( to Chris ) we be gettin kill out here . I need you to put 200 down for the bet . CHRIS no , hell no . friend 3 look at they ( nod to girl ) . CHRIS ok . croupier five hundred on 6 ? jimmy yes , I be in . boom ! gimme some dice . Chris notice something odd , he look concerned . croupier lookin ' for a 6 . CHRIS Jimmy . do not roll . gimme the dice . croupier lookin ' for a 6 . ohhhhh . the dice have land and it 's a 7 . Jimmy hang he head . CHRIS ( to the croupier ) you be good , but I see it . croupier saw what ? CHRIS I see the switch . croupier hey this be a clean game asshole . CHRIS yea ? croupier yea . CHRIS let 's see about that . Chris put a load of money on the table . CHRIS Bet you I will roll a seven . croupier it 's not you roll sir . sir ! it 's not you roll . call security . Chris have take the dice . CHRIS put you bet down on the pass line . this dice be comin up seven . jimmy Chris , why do not we just let it go ? CHRIS no , we gonna let it ride Jimmy . the dice be comin up seven . croupier it 's not you roll sir . Chris roll the dice and sure enough it 's a seven . commissioner no folk , no payout . CHRIS ( to croupier ) why do not you just take care of that bet and we be even . croupier well I would but it be not a legitimate bet , you be not the shooter . it 's not you ( Chris shove he ) roll sir . security guy be there a problem ? CHRIS yea , the problem be you dice be load . do you boss know about this ? just gimme my money . the security guy grab Chris around the neck . Chris elbow he and throw he onto the table . the croupier take a fight stance . Jimmy tap Chris on the shoulder . jimmy come on , let 's go ! let 's go ! more security man appear , one of they knock Jimmy out . a whole fight break out , Ray get knock out . Chris beat off several security man before take a electric shock to the neck and a baton to the face . Chris wake up on a table under a light . bad guy 1 ( see the tag around Chris ' neck ) special force ? I will take that . Chris grab he by the neck but they beat he down again . bad guy 2 what be you doin ? bad guy 1 ( have a scalpel in he hand ) special force ... special treatment . he rip open Chris ' shirt . bad guy 2 this guy know Hamilton ! a struggle ensue and Chris ' chest be cut up . ext . a bridge we see Chris be crawl , badly hurt . a truck stop directly in front of he . Chris pass out again . int . hospital dochris ( to Chris ' family ) folk , he 's pretty bang up , inside and out . whoever do this leave he for dead . a lesser man would not have survive . sheriff watkins I be gonna need a statement from he Doctor . dochris he 's in no condition to give you one . sheriff watkins I will also need a copy of you write - up along with toxicoloy , blood alcohol level and so on . michelle what be you talkin about Stan ? sheriff watkins I be just tryin to get some fact here . michelle oh come on you need to be out arrest whoever try to kill my brother not testing he blood . sheriff watkins I be just do my job Michelle . ok ? I understand how you feel . but we still do not know yet who start all of this . connie well it be not Chris . dad just find out who do this to he Stan . sheriff watkins I will do my best Mr Vaughn . I really will . in the meantime I have to file a full report . you lemme know when I can talk to he . the doctor nod . sheriff watkins thank you . dochris he 's gonna be fine Michelle . michelle thanks . int . hospital ward Ray go into a room and take a big bunch of flower from there . nurse beautiful flower ! ray thank you , they be for my best friend . int . CHRIS hospital bed ray hey sarge , so much for we VIP ... status . do not they teach you any fight skill in the army . CHRIS how do you do ? ray not good . but I tell you , that guy be feelin I this morning . Chris begin to laugh but be in pain . ray you okay ? CHRIS some homecome hey . ray I do not know if you have notice but this aint exactly home any more . ext . family house Chris have return home . he 's still in bad shape and he parent help he out of the car . he insist on take the step by himself . pete there 's some old crutch in the garage . Chris laugh . int . lounge a montage ensue with Chris on the couch , sometimes with Ray , other time with Pete . Chris be recover , and be exercise by the end of it . int . garage Chris pull the cover off a old truck . he smile and get in . he start the engine . dad change the plug a while back . CHRIS appreciate that dad . dad I might have have serious issue with you career choice but just do not seem fair to take it out on a innocent truck . where you headin ? CHRIS I be goin into town to get some supplies . wanna come ? dad let 's go . int . car dad ya whole life , all you want to do be get outta here . what make you come back . CHRIS you gonna think I be crazy . I be think about the mill . when I be a kid goin to visit you at work , the smell of that fresh - cut cedar . you remember that smell . dad mmm I remember a lotta nice thing before the mill close . CHRIS when do they go outta business ? ( nod to a close supply store ) . dad close about six month ago . there 's a home depot about fifteen minute up the road . CHRIS and that ? ( nod to a adult xxx shop ) dad do not ask . they laugh . ext . outside the house jay pull up in he car . jay hey . first of all I wanna say thanks . CHRIS for what ? jay he 's be fire , and he game permit 's be pull . I do not know how my security camera do not catch that . jay start to help Chris take wood off the truck but Chris throw it back on . CHRIS they miss a lot at you place do not they jay . jay look Chris I hate seein ya like this . CHRIS you boy do it . jay wait wait ... so they get a little rough , they be a bit edgy . understandably . you do not know what kind of asshole they have to put up with on a daily basis . look , they have be reprimand . they say you go nut man . I be sorry . I know the proper term vet use be post traumatic stress . CHRIS what the fuck be you talk about ? jay whatever it be , you tore my place apart and it be not easy for I to get my guy agree not to press charge . look Chris , if you have a problem ... should not you have come to I ? look , I wanna bring you inside . Chris I wanna make you head of security . whaddya say ? CHRIS no . jay ah well . I guess you probably need time to think about it . this be for you . it 's a little something to help you get ... y'know .. he put down a envelope with money in it . Chris give it back to he . jay come on man , do not be like that . I come all the way out here to you house just to see you get back on you foot . CHRIS I be goin to the sheriff . jay I be sorry you feel that way . I will see ya round Chris . int . police station CHRIS Excuse I . a officer be on the phone ignore he . CHRIS Excuse I . the sheriff come out . sheriff watkins well hey Chris . good to see you up and about , you be lookin spiffy . CHRIS I be here to press charge . sheriff watkins well this be not about that incident at the casino a while back be it ? CHRIS yea , it be . sheriff watkins Cause that matter 's close . CHRIS do you look into it ? sheriff watkins they do a internal investigation . that 's good enough for I . CHRIS a internal investigation . sheriff watkins Chris , I know you be familiar with the term ' no fly zone ' . hmm ? Cause that 's what the casino be . since the mill close down that casino be the main source of revenue in this town . so , case close basically . I will see ya . CHRIS I be not gonna let this stand . sheriff watkins Excuse I ? what do you say to I ? CHRIS I say I be not gonna let this stand . sheriff watkins you be lucky to be alive right now , that 's all you need to be concentrate on . this be my town ok , I be the sheriff here . I will tell you what will stand , not the other way around . now please get out of my building . int . family house deni be at the door . deni hey . CHRIS hey . deni this belong to you . she hand he a leather jacket . CHRIS I appreciate that , I think this be history . deni coulda leave it in the trash but I ... connie deni ? Nice to see you dear . deni hi Mrs Vaughn . CHRIS can I talk to you outside for a second . Mom I will be right back . ext . outside the house deni how you be ? CHRIS be better . deni talk to the sheriff yet ? CHRIS well I go down to the police station and I talk to somebody with a badge . sure as hell do not seem like much of a sheriff . deni he 's up for re-election you know . maybe you could take he job . CHRIS somebody ought to . how about you ? deni Sunshine and pine tree . be readin this book , teach you how to cultivate happiness . book on the future , go with the flow , that sorta thing . CHRIS be it workin ? deni I have my moment . CHRIS so the casino huh ? deni yep . be there almost a year . CHRIS treatin you good ? deni lot better than it treat you . CHRIS I like that . jay Hamilton 's do well for himself have not he . deni yea , he 's a real go- getter that one . CHRIS must be . I hear he get you . deni lasted about 8 minute , a long long time ago . CHRIS you still work for he though . deni Rent 's gotta be pay Chris . CHRIS suppose so . deni hope to see you around . CHRIS do you ? she begin to drive off . CHRIS thanks for the jacket . she toot the horn as she go . int . family house connie be on the phone . connie and where be he ? ext . outside some garage the Vaughn 's truck pull up at speed . they enter a garage , Pete be on a stretcher . michelle it 's ok mom he 's stabilise . ( to Chris ) it be close . Crystal meth . pete I be sorry . I never do it before . kid it 's true . we mighta kinda push he into it . Chris approach the kid . CHRIS where would you get the drug ? kid I be not really sure ... CHRIS stop . where ? kid from the security guy workin at the casino . Chris get into he truck . connie Chris , wait . call the police . CHRIS no , that will not do any good . Chris speed off . he pull up at they home and enter the garage . dad be Pete ok ? CHRIS he will be fine . Chris be search about and force open a cupboard . dad what be you doin ? Chris pull out a shotgun and load it . dad aw Chris not like this . Chris listen to I . if you go outta here with that gun , they be gonna.. not ... Chris ! Chris drive to the casino , he cock the shotgun but decide to leave it in the truck . instead he take a piece of wood from the back of he truck . he enter the casino with it . he smashes a fruit machine . a guard come up and Chris beat he . a fight scene break out with Chris beat the guard and generally trash the place . he take back he special force dogtag from the guard who steal it . Chris hurl he piece of wood at the VIP lounge window , smash it to piece . jay emerge from behind it . jay guess that change we relationship a bit huh ? Chris leave . as he drive off in he truck , police car appear with siren go . he pull over . sheriff watkins you should not have come look for trouble . keep you hand up , get out of the vehicle now Chris ! now ! int . police station room lawyer I advise you to give this offer more than a little serious think . if you go to trial you stand to do 18 year . this be a sweet plea , normally they would not even put it on the table but you military record can not be ignore . Three month home arrest , some community service . pretty generous offer Chris . CHRIS but I would have to plead guilty . lawyer look at it from the other side . there 's over a dozen witness , none of they be gonna paint a very flatter picture . we see a montage of casino worker badmouth Chris . worker he start bustin up the machine ... girl there be a gunshot .. worker go crazy ... girl complete psychopath . CHRIS they be only offer I this deal just to keep I quiet . lawyer well I still say you should take it . CHRIS I be not wrong . and I will not say I be . int . courtroom casino guard we job be to keep order . but there be no chance of that . I and my man we be just tryin to control he . he be highly train , violent , very dangerous person . prosecutor so dangerous , so violent , so highly train that he despatch six of the casino staff single handedly . his weapon of choice a simple piece of cedar . which in he hand become a devastating force with one aim , to hurt people , destroy property . worker he go directly for everything . he just come in and take over the place . prosecutor you say he break you arm . worker yea that 's correct , my right forearm . both bone with a single shot . it be crazy . casino guard 2 you know , toss out a coupla drunk now and then . guy try to grope the girl , but ah nothing with this sort of violence . prosecutor do he give you any kind of advanced warning ? a chance to defend yourself . casino guard 2 we tussle , but he 's a big guy . he be on a mission . besides , he seem to be too busy enjoy himself from what I could see . prosecutor so from what you see , it seem like he have some kinda purpose ? casino guard 2 I think he have a point to prove yeah . worker I be emptyin machine when Mr vaugh come in and start swingin . girl I be tryin to get outta there . judge Mr crow , you may present you client 's case . CHRIS ( to he lawyer ) you be fire . CHRIS you honor , I would like to plead my own case . judge order , order . Mr Vaughn , if you choose to represent yourself and not be represent by legal counsel you realise that you can not then claim a mistrial on that basis . CHRIS yes I do . judge very well Mr Vaughn . CHRIS I do not deny anything that be say here today . judge do that mean you be change you plea to guilty ? CHRIS I be not guilty of anything . except stand up for myself when the law would not . opposition objection . he 's try to introduce prior event you honor . judge sustain . Mr Vaughn stay on point . CHRIS I grow up in this town . people use to walk tall in this town , they would not have trade the mill for a crooked casino . judge Mr Vaughn we be not here to listen to civic speech . CHRIS and they would not have stand around while drug be be sell to kid . opposition objection . judge sustain . Mr Vaughn you be close to be hold in contempt . CHRIS I be justified in what I do , and if you acquit I of this charge I be gonna run for sheriff . and if elect , I be gonna fix this town . judge order , order . Mr Vaughn you be now charge with contempt . CHRIS and I will make sure that this ( he open he shirt revealing huge scarring ) never happen to anyone again without punish that who do it . judge I order the jury to ignore what they have just see . Mr Vaughn take you seat . order ! order ! judge Mr forman , have the jury reach a verdict ? forman we have you honor . judge will the defendant please rise . forman we find the defendant Chris Vaughn not guilty . the crowd break into cheer . Chris take a tag from he piece of cedar wood which be lay on the evidence table . CHRIS this be mine . the crowd fade away with chant of ' sheriff Vaughn ' . ext . police station Chris pull up to the station in he police truck , it 's clear he 's now the sheriff . watkins sheriff . CHRIS watkin . watkins well you win the election , congratulation . we do have a tradition of professional courtesy up here , and I can personally vouch for each and every one of this man . they be good deputy . CHRIS you be all fire . int . police station Chris take a look around . ext . a country road jay be speed along in a sportscar . he be pull over by a police truck . jay hey Chris . CHRIS license and registration please . jay you be joke right ? CHRIS license and registration . jay hand it over . jay what 's the problem sheriff ? CHRIS you . and the drug you be pedall out of you casino . jay oh. only thing that 's go on in my casino right now be reconstruction . you take care of that . CHRIS yea that 's right and I plan on take care of everything else too . jay if you can , try to think this through . a casino be a license to print money . why would I jeopardise that by sell drug ? CHRIS Cause you own the town jay . it 's change now . jay really ? see the only thing that I think have change around here be that every morning you get to wake up and put on that nifty lil badge . but underneath that badge be the same guy that could not make it play college football , apparently could not make it in the army and not gonna make it as a cop . CHRIS be that right ? jay yea , and if you push too hard you be gonna be a man who do not live to see 40 . license please . Chris hand it over . jay thanks sheriff . CHRIS Sir get you tail light fix , it 's you last warning . jay what 's wrong with my tail light ? Chris smashes up the back end of jay 's car with he trusty piece of cedar wood . CHRIS they be break . ext . ray' place ray mornin sheriff . CHRIS mornin deputy . Chris toss Ray a badge . ray no , nope , no . come on man you know I hate cop . you be sheriff 2 minute and I be already startin to hate you . I be a convict felon . CHRIS I get a lil pull around here . ray oh now you be a crooked cop do favour for friend . that 's how it start . see next thing you know you will be take bribe , set up roadblock , frisk dude crotch . CHRIS be you do ? Ray I need you help . ray oh do not do that . CHRIS I need you to take I to drug school . ray I get to wear a uniform ? a montage ensue , with Chris and Ray busting various drug dealer . ext . dealer' house CHRIS you be sure you be not carry anything . booth I do not have shit . CHRIS Officer . ray yeah . CHRIS search he . ray oh. spread you leg , arm down . be workin out ? nothin there . ohhhh somebody need a bath ! booth now you read I my rights and take I in . and I call my lawyer . ray K. I have a hunch there may be something else in here ( pat the dealer 's truck ) . CHRIS could be . Music play while the two chop up the dealer 's car into piece while laugh . ray he 's clean . guess we gotta move to plan B . booth screw you , I do have a bit of information for you . it 's not just I actually , there 's a whole lotta people in on this one . CHRIS spit it out . booth you be gonna get hurt . int . family house Chris be in the room with a shotgun . dad why do it always have to be you fight ? CHRIS you might need this . dad no . I put my gun down a long time ago . CHRIS you be just be stubborn . dad you and I both boy . Chris , listen . you be careful . CHRIS I will . int . police station Booth be lock up , Ray be taunting he through a loudspeaker . ray please step away from the vehicle . now Mr Booth be you still upset over that body cavity search ? woooooooo ! I forget , you get no vehicle . please disperse , there be nothing to 's ... Chris have walk in . CHRIS can I talk to you ? ray yeah . CHRIS over here ? ray sure . CHRIS I be gonna stay with he tonight . I need you to take care of my parent 's place . ray you think they be gonna take it that far ? Chris hand he the shotgun . ray I be with you man , I will check in later . CHRIS Kay . night time deni come into the police station . deni do not shoot . CHRIS hey deni hi. how 's the food around here ? bring you special treat . salmon , fry Chicken , potato salad . you get cup ? CHRIS do not you have to work tonight ? deni hmm I quit . I figure you know , you be make some change around here , I could make a few myself . Chris grab she and they kiss . int . family house Ray be on the couch and have just wake to a noise . ray who 's that ? pete it 's Pete . want something to eat ? ray no I be good man . int . police station CHRIS I gotta get a bigger bed . deni no , no you do not . ext . wild cherry casino jay call a number on he celphone . jay do it . int . police station deni I be hungry . CHRIS get leftover ... deni mm mmm , I want pancake , and egg , and bacon . a loud explosion happen , it 's Chris ' police truck outside . booth woooooooooooo ! I tell you Vaughn ! uh ohhhh . who need to step away from the vehicle now Vaughn ? truck for truck baby , that 's right , truck for a truck . Chris step towards the front of the building but man outside open fire , Chris duck for cover . CHRIS ( to deni ) get down ! int . family house ray Pete , something 's burnin . int . police station Men with machine gun be still fire at the police station . deni 's scream , Booth be cheer . CHRIS take that and get in there . Chris give deni a pistol . int . family house ray Pete ? Ray step into the kitchen but gunman have infiltrate the home . a fight break out and Pete flee . Ray jump onto the back of a gunman . int . police station Chris shoot up the floor with a shotgun and break a hole in it . int . family house Ray stab the gunman with a potato peeler and knock he out with a fry pan . int . police station CHRIS ( to deni ) come here . they get down into the hole in the floor . CHRIS when I say ' now ' start shoot , over there . stay low . Booth be now under fire and be scared . booth Vaughn you gotta get I outta here ! int . family house two other gunman in stock mask be hold the family hostage upstairs . dad I know who you be . gunman oh yeah ? the gunman take off he mask and hit he with a pistol . gunman ( Calling downstairs ) burke ? gunman 2 check it out . he go downstairs to find burke dead on the kitchen floor . he follow trace of blood across the floor . int . police station Chris be make he way towards Booth under fire . booth c'mon ! get I outta here man ! CHRIS what 's it worth to you ? where 's the lab ? booth screw you ! gunshot hit near booth . booth ok ! ok ! Hamilton 's operation be at the mill ok ! it 's at the mill now get I outta here . int . family house the gunman enter a room , Ray be there point a shotgun at he . ray Drop it ! int . police station CHRIS stay down ! Booth be stand and get shot dead . int . family house Ray shoot the gunman , who fall to the floor . upstair michelle Ray ! gunman 2 stay down ! int . police station Booth be dead so Chris leave he there . int . family house ray ( to gunman 's body on the floor ) hey .. you okay ? upstair gunman 2 look away for a second and Michelle kick he down the stair . as he tumble down Ray reload he shotgun . the two begin fire at each other , take cover behind the furniture . int . police station watkins try to warn ya Chris . do not want this to happen . one of the man outside have a canister . watkin give he the nod and he begin walk towards the station . Chris be beneath the floor and shoot he in the leg . the two remain man outside open fire again . another gunman try to approach but he 's shot in the leg as well . watkin enter the station and fire repeatedly at the floor . watkins come get some ! wooooooooo ! CHRIS deni ! now ! deni fire off some shot . watkin be distract by the shot , Chris appear in the floor hole and blast watkin at close range with a shotgun . CHRIS deni .... deni. Chris climb out of the hole and they hug . int . family house Shots be still be fire in the lounge . Ray and the gunman begin to wrestle . Ray win and punch the man repeatedly . Chris have come back to the house and try to pull Ray off the man , Ray mistakenly hit Chris in the face . ray I be sorry ! Chris help Ray over to a chair , Ray have take a shot to the leg . the injure gunman from the kitchen appear brandish a pistol . gunman you stab I ... with a potato peeler ?? Chris and Ray hold up they hand . he aim at Ray but he 's shot in the back of the head by dad who be approach down the stair . CHRIS you gonna be ok ? dad nod . ext . the mill Chris be in a police car drive at speed . he approach the mill and bust through the lock gate . int . the mill the mill be dark , Chris be find he way around use a torch . he find jay sit . jay hey Chris . CHRIS get up jay . jay just a sec . remember we use to play hide n seek up here ? jay hit a metal see which resonate make a metallic sound . jay that be my favourite sound . CHRIS get up ! jay stand up and hold up he hand . jay look ... Chris ... just ... jay hit a switch on the floor which open a hatch . Chris fall into the hatch but hang onto the see which be swinging over it . jay hit more switch , power up the machinery . jay you wanna know what my new favourite sound 's gonna be ? the sound of you scream like a little bitch . jay hit Chris in the stomach with a pole a few time . Chris grab the pole and they both fall . Chris have hurt he leg . Chris stumble off into the wood . jay grab a axe and go after he , he swing the axe but miss and they both fall down a large earthy embankment . at the bottom they come to they sense and begin fight again , jay with he axe and Chris with a log he 's rip off a tree . Chris knock jay out by hit he hard in the leg . CHRIS you be right jay , this do change we relationship . this be my town , you be under arrest . int . wild cherry casino Chris and Ray be pack everything , the place be board up . CHRIS that oughta do it . what be you doin ? ray gettin some souvenir , I be gonna miss the place ! CHRIS that 's how it start . next you will be accept bribe , set speed trap all over town , cuttin up truck . not to mention the cavity search . ray speakin of which , do you think jay 's get a casino in the pen ? CHRIS could be . ray runnin the shower tower with the felon . he 's probably blowin on somebody 's dice right now . they laugh as they drive off . the mill make a horn noise . ray that 's lunch . CHRIS let 's go pick my old man and grab something to eat . ray I be with ya buddy . fade out