" wall STREET " original screenplay by stanley weiser &amp ; oliver stone oaxatal production , inc . copyright april 1 , 1987 third draft Rev. 4/2/87 Rev. 4/15/87 Rev. 4/20/87 Rev. 4/23/87 ext . wall STREET - early morning fade in . the STREET . the most famous third of a mile in the world . tower landmark structure nearly blot out the dreary grey flannel sky . the morning rush hour crowd swarm through the dark , narrow street like mouse in a maze , all in pursuit of one thing : money ... credit run . int . subway platform - early morning we hear the roar of the train pull out of the station . blurr face , body , suit , hat , attache case float into view press like sardine against the side of a door which now open , release a outward velocity of anger and greed , one of they bud fox . ext . subway exit - morning the bubbling mass charge up the stair . steam rise from a grate , shape merge into the crowd . past the homeless vets , the insane bag lady with 12 cat and 20 shopping bag huddle in the corner of trinity Church ... Bud the Fox straggling behind , in a crumpled raincoat , tie askew , young , very young , he bleary face bury in a Wall Street Journal , fold , ' subway style ' , as he cross the street against the light . bud why Fox ? why do not you buy ... schmuck ? a car honk , swerving past . int . office build - day cavernous modern lobby . body cram into elevator . Bud , stuff the newspaper into he coat , jam in . int . elevator - morning blank face stare ahead , each lose in private thought , Bud again mouth the think , " stupid schmuck " , he eye catch a blond executive who quickly flick she eye away . paranoia in the elevator . we quickly cut into private life . worried man ( v.o. ) ... he will sue I , could be for 5 - 6 million , and he will get a million , the house , they will impound my paycheck ... damn , damn , why do I sign that contract ? black bike messenger ( v.o. ) ... gotta get lola in the sack man , take she to the Garden for the terrell , Jimmy give I the ticket for 12 buck , I pull the midnight shift , I could do 60 buck ... wow , check that leg out ... his eye on the same blonde exec who look away , self - conscious about she leg . the elevator stop at a floor , discard only one person . the door close a little too slowly . blonde executive ( v.o. ) ... jerk ... ( shift she thought ) call hanratty . the decimal point on the code be uncalibrate . hoskins . the signature on the bank draft . boyle , that bitch ... insurance ... tax form . shit , talk to kahn. ( recalling ) that 's hanratty , hoskins , Bank , boyle and kahn ... h2b2k - shoot , insurance and theatre tix ... h2b2k , i, T -- and the cleaner ! repeat ... catch the eye of Bud Fox once again wander to she . camera move to Bud who look away . bud ( v.o. ) ... sorry , what a fox ... funny , the most beautiful girl in the world be always on the street or in elevator , never get to talk to they , shy ... my look , never have confidence in they ... overcompensate work syndrome ... prove you worth with money ... ' cept I be not make any money ... ( pause , the elevator at another floor , slow ) ... wonder what all this people be think about . camera move slowly again over the eye . the silence of individual tension reign over all . angry man ( v.o. ) ... screw he ! I will destroy that sonufabitch ... he think he can break a contract with I he 's get something to learn . secretary ( v.o. ) ...9:15 !... he will kill I this time , he will really kill I ... oh come on elevator !... why do you stop on every floor ... as the elevator stop again to disgorge two people . bike messenger ( v.o. ) ( piss now at the elevator ) ... come on man , time be money man ... one floor here I could do eleven block ... blonde executive ( v.o. ) h2b2k , I ,t , cl , p,o , t2 ... ( pause , she look like she forget something ) worried man ( v.o. ) ... goddamn elevator !... people , too many goddamn people in this world ! the elevator finally come to a slow stop ... they wait , plead , beg , screech with the eye . the door at last open . none of they acknowledge each other , they all stampede out the door with a audible gasp of release , a collective sign akin to make it to a urinal after a punish wait ... the elevator tension be over , but the killer grind continue . int . jackson , steinem investment house - day credit continue to run . Bud move past the functional reception area , past carolyn , a cheerful young black girl . carolyn how you do buddy ? bud great carolyn , do any better would be a sin ... he slip off he overcoat , flick some lint off he Paul Stuart $ 500 suit , and enter the main trading room . broker mill by they desk , gulp coffee , scan the papers , the quotron . the digital clock by the big board counter click to 9:26 be -- four minute until the market open . you can smell the hunger . Bud take a deep breath , toss the newspaper away and strut into the office -- fuck it -- it 's a new day . moving past dan steeples , a flush - face old - timer , a blue and white Yale tie , with a carnation in he lapel . bud Morning , Dan . what 's look good today ? steeples if I know I would not be in this business . get out while you be young , kid . I come here one day , I sit down , and look at I now . past charlie cushing , on the phone , a handsome chunk of man with rugge good look and ivy League mannerism . bud ...hey chuckie , how 's the woman - slayer ? charlie ... still look for the right 18 year old wife , how you do , pal ? bud ... if I have you look , better . charlie ( use to it ) ... take year of genetics , pal , and a Yale education ... and the right tailor . bud ... not that you learn anything , chunk . Bud reach he trading desk , whip open he briefcase and pull out a computer print - out of last night 's homework . bud I gotta feel we be go to make a kill today , marv . marv ( o.s. ) yeah , where 's you machine gun . bud joke about it . I be up all night chart this stock . you want to see this or what ? his associate , marvin , a manicky wise - guy , swivel over he chair from a nearby desk . he give the chart a quick read . marv ( scowling ) look bearish to I , buddy . you get it all upside down . ( confidential ) okay , I be give this to you and you alone , ' cause I feel sorry for you . take the knick against the bullet , and my pick of the day -- Duke to beat the spread against wake Forest . bud thanks , marv , with that I might be able to qualify for welfare . lou mannheim , stroll in , a dignify look older broker in he late 60' , wear a old brown brim hat with button down white shirt , narrow tie , very much a picture from another era ... a kind humor in he eye ... but obviously ail in the leg and breath department . bud ( friendly ) you get a look in you eye , Mr. mannheim ... you get something for the small fry ... mannheim Jesus , can not make a buck in this market , country 's go to hell faster than when that sonofabitch Roosevelt be around ... too much cheap money sloshing around the world . the biggest mistake we ever make be let Nixon get off the gold standard . putney drug -- you boy might want to have a look at it . marv take 5 year for that company to turn around . mannheim ... but they get a good new drug . stick to the fundamentals , that 's how IBM and Hilton be build ... good thing sometimes take time . the stentorian voice of office manager hieronymus lynch boom over the intercom . we see he peer from behind the glass partition in hit office ; tall , bald with a perpetual worried look on he face . lynch attention . please . Office production be down ten percent this week . I recommend that you all go through you client ' investment for any portfolio adjustment . and do not forget -- double commission today on we ' a ' or better bond fund . ( look in Bud and marv 's direction ) especially you rookie . also , remember , the sale contest end tomorrow . Bud and marvin roll they eye . the digital clock flash 9:30 . the credit close . bud and they be off and run ! the room rise to a subtle but new energy level with the clatter of the ticker , speaker , teletype machine , newsprinter ' Dow Jones and Reuters , phone ringing off the hook . broker be shouting order , run for ticket , dodging each other ; it 's a control riot . broker here 's a hot lead ... have I get one for you .... sell ... dump it all !! ... 500 at a eighth , a eighth !... July fifty . April thirty ... how bout that december ? you see where they be go ? ... Morgan be sell a billion one at the close . yeah . that 's right , they be sell all over the place ... we be still long on the treasury -- $ 110 million . what about the jap ? ... where be I ? ( confuse at all the phone light ) we gotta lot of light here ! let 's pick them up . bud ( on phone ) Jack , take 50 Gulf , with a 3 / 8 top , forget the hundred . what about delroy ? I can go long at 23 , let 's go long ... conwest Air -- let I check it ... he look up at the ticker ... stock quote whizzing by . bud ( o.s. cont 'd ) up a eighth . how many you want ? it 's on the floor . he write the order up . a shot of charlie cushing yawn as he half - listen to he customer , rest the phone on he kneecap . dissolve to : the clock ... it 's 2.30 p.m . we hear the relentless clatter of the board ticker , and the drine of disembody voice , blarihg market information out of squawk box . Bud 's desk be now cluttere with order ticket , literature , crumpled note , beverage cup and a half - eat sandwich . he 's on the phone and from the look on he face , the caller on the other end be break he ball . marvin pace past , make a dramatic phone pitch . marv Dr. beltzer have to have he information this minute ! it concern he future ! Bud wave marvin away , answer he caller , try to keep cool , worried how as he see Lynch , the office manager , come over . bud hey Howard , I think you be a gentleman . sure it 's go down a little bit , but you get the tip from you printer , I do not ... yeah you do . that 's what you say . ( heat ) I do not tell you to buy it , why would I tell you to sell it ? ( scream ) no , I can not give it back ! give it back to who ? you own it ! ( beat ) no , he 's out right now . as he look up and wink at Lynch , stand over he . bud ( cupping the receiver ) ... that 's what you tell we to say . lynch give I that phone . ( take receiver ) yes , sir , this be the manager . what seem to be the problem ? marv ( into he phone ) what ?... well , how be I to know you be in surgery ? what be I marvin the mind reader here ? Bud whisper , tensely . Lynch listen . bud he 's lie . lynch okay , sir . I will discuss this with the broker and I will get back to you . you be welcome . lynce hang up and glare at Bud . lynch if I be close out this account . if he do not pay for it tomorrow , you pay for it . bud Mr. Lynch , I swear to you , he 's lie ! lynch Fox , you be make more problem than you be sale . bud I do not think you be be fair , sir . you assign I this guy , and you know he 's get a history ... lynch somebody have to pay for that error . and it 's not I . Lynch walk off . Bud do some quick calculation in he head . marv ( reappearing ) buddy , buddy , buddy ; little trouble , huh , today . bud ( devastate ) Howard the jerk renege on I . I have get to cover he loss to the tune of about seven grand ! I be tapped out man , american Express get a hit man look for I . marv hey , thing could be worse . it could have be my money . let I help you out , rookie . he take out he wallet and loan Bud a hundred buck . bud thanks marv , I will make it good to you . ( fervently ) you know what my dream be ? one day to be on the other end of that phone ... marv just put I on the institutional side of the room where the real cheesecake be . you forget something ? marvin point up at the clock . Bud look up ... it 's 2:40 . Bud quickly compose himself . he pick up the phone , dial purposefully . marv ( cont 'd ) buddy , buddy , when ya gonna realize it 's big game hunter that bag the elephant , not retail broker . I hear this story about gekko ... he be on the phone 30 second after the Challenger blow up sell NASA stock short . bud hello , Natalie -- guess who ? that 's right , and you know everyday I say to myself , today could be the day ... so what do you say ... will you marry I ? then please can you get I through to Mr. gekko ? marv ( coach ) it concern he future ! bud of course he 's busy , and so be I . five minute . that 's all I be ask . I know that if he could only hear what I have to say ... it would change he life . int . gekko office - day natalie , a classy attractive englishwoman be on the phone with Bud , somewhat amused by he manner . she be the personal secretary to multimillionaire , Wall Street trader and raider , Gordon gekko . his window look out on a panoramic view of the city and East River . natalie Mr. Fox , I have tell you before , I be sure you be a good broker , but we trader talk to the broker , Mr. gekko only deal with investment banker . yes , I shall give he you message ... as they be speak , another secretary lead two well - heele japanese businessmen past she desk . as she open the door to the inner office and usher they inside , we catch a glimpse of a figure , pace back and forth , talk animatedly on the phone by the huge corner window . he be gordon gekko . we hear a deafen roar as we : dissolve to : ext . mcgregor be bar and grill - near laguardia airport - twilight in the background , a 747 ascend into the night sky , climb over the roof top of weathered brick tract house . Bud , coat collar pull up against the wind , cross the street , enter a neighborhood bar . we see a old maroon Honda behind he . int . mcgregor be - twilight dimly -lit , noisy , blue-collar airline bar . machinist and mechanic still in they overall at the bar , drink , watch espn fight night , on tv . Bud search the crowd . a group of middle - age man wave he over , bluestar airline insignia on the pocket ... charlie dent , a rugge , chain - smoking ex - Marine sergeant , and dominick amato , a big strong italian greet buddy as he come over . charlie buddy boy , how ya do ? bud great Charlie , any better it would be a sin . amato ( slapping Bud ) I hear all you guy on Wall Street be millionaire , when you gonna make we rich ? bud gotta open a account to win the lottery , dominick . give I 15,000 , you will have a condo in Florida next Christmas . carl ... sure and we will own the airline . if he make anybody rich , let he make himself rich , so 's he can pay off he school loan . as he sign a unemployment insurance form for one of he man . bud ... nice to see you in such a good mood dad , what would Mom do , give you fish for dinner ? ... you be smoking too much , how many time do you gotta go to the hospital to ... Carl , inhale he cigarette , grimace formidably , terminate the subject . carl ... leave I alone willya . only thing make I feel good anymore . spaghetti . she make lousy spaghetti ... bud it 's call pasta now dad , spaghetti 's out of date . Bud sit down next to he , pat he around the shoulder . dad , a sarcastic and gruff edge to he , make a faint smile . he have a genuine affection and pride in he somewhat glamorous son . carl ... so be i. whaddaya want , a beer ? ( to waitress ) hey billie , bring another for the kid , he look good , do not he ? dominick and Charlie go off . a pause . Father and son size each other up with a look . carl ... look like you grow another inch ... but you do not look so hot , get bag under you eye , start to look old like I . bud ah , I have a tough day . some jerk d.k'd I and I gotta cover he loss . carl speak English will ya . bud d.k. -- do not know -- who I be when the option he buy take a bath . he renege on I . carl ( nod , satisfied ) I tell you not to go into that racket . you could have be a doctor or a lawyer , bud coulda be a contender . carl ( cont . ) you coulda stay at bluestar and be a supervisor in instead of go customer relation by now , ' stead of go off and bein ' a salesman . bud ( a old story between they ) look dad , I be not a salesman . how many time I gotta tell you I be a account executive , and pretty soon I be go to the investment banking side of the firm . carl you get on the phone and ask stranger for they money , right ? you be a salesman . bud ( tick ) dad , it take time . you gotta build a customer list . I be do it . I could make more money in one year as a broker than five year at the airline . carl I do not get it , you get a scholarship to nyu , you get 35,000 the first year , and 50 last year , where the hell be it ? bud 50 k do not get you to first base in the Big Apple , dad , not any more . I pay 40 % in tax , I get a rent of 15,000 , I get school loan , car loan , food , park my car cost I 3 bill a month , I need good suit , that 's $ 500 a pop , shoe ... carl so come home and live rent free , 'stead of that cockroach palace you live in . $ 50,000 Jesus Christ , the world be off its rocker . I make $ 37,000 last year and you ... bud it 's queen , dad and a 5 % mortgage and you rent the top room -- I gotta live in Manhattan to be a player , dad . there 's no nobility in poverty anymore , y'know . one day you be go to be proud of I , you will see ... ( hurt ) carl ( see it ) it 's yourself you have get to be proud of , huckleberry , how much ya need ? bud ( beat ) can you spare three hundred ? pay you back next month , promise . dad reach into he pocket , look at he cash . it hurt . carl ... get a 100 on I , you ... bud ( embarrassed ) not in here dad ... please . later . dad shrug , put it away . carl ... it add up buddy , 300 here , 200 there . you brother never ... ( cut off when he see buddy 's face ) ... well , I always say money be something you need in case you do not die tomorrow ... bud ( change subject ) how 's Mom ? another man come over with a bandage around he head and a compensation form for Carl to sign . ( " hey , chief " ) . carl ( with affection ) ... same , pain in the ass , god bless she , talk too much ... gonna take she to Florida next month ... west coast , near Tampa , like to get out for good , but can not afford it . bud ... work okay ? carl ( light another cigarette , grimace ) ... this drug testing be drive my guy nut . I get flagge for my blood pressure pill . the only good news be , we just meet with the comptroller over some union stuff ...' member that crash last summer ? and the investigation ? well , the faa be gonna rule it be a manufacturing flaw in the door latch mechanism . I keep tell them it be not maintenance , it be that goddamn greedy manufacturer out in Cincinnati . and I be right . he give the sign form back to the injure man . ( Carl : " okay , Frank " ) bud that 's great dad . carl damn right , it get we out from under suspension . we will get that new route to Pittsburgh and Boston and the equipment we need . we be gonna compete with the big boy now . bud ( boast ) hey to bluestar , as you broker all I can advise be hold on to that stock dad ... they drink . Bud reflect a moment . bud you sure about this faa announcement ? carl about what ? bud the faa announcement . carl sure I be sure . buddy , you get that mischievous look in you eye . you use to smile just like that when you be a baby sleep , just like that . Bud 's mind racing elsewhere . int . bud apartment - upper west side - night a cramped studio face a air shaft with bar on the window . move across to the sound of the radio alarm go off and the glib tone of a rock d.j. announce the met 's latest streak ... the wall be paper with stock analysis and graph , print out page strewn across the floor . no other semblance of a personal life except clothes haphazardly toss , barron 's and fortune magazine . a girl 's back be all we see , sleep naked on the bed . Close on Bud 's IBM computer -- he appointment calendar . Bud focus on a underline notation : g.g. 's birthday . Bud stare at the clock : 4 a.m . he pick up a prospectus for a chemical company , start read . ext . gekko build - morning Bud , crossing lower Broadway , enter a magnificent tower glass structure . int . gordon gekko penthouse office - morning natalie , gekko 's british secretary , be complete shorthand note as the intercom buzze . a logo for " gekko &amp ; co. be behind she . reception ( off ) ... I have a delivery here for Mr. gekko . it 's a personal item and the gentleman say you have to sign for it . natalie ( frown ) ... all right , send he in ... int . hallway - morning Bud , somewhat nervous , be lead down a impressive hallway hang with expensive modern art ... past a huge calder mobile and a pool of some 15 trader on phone , quotron terminal and keyboard ... into Natalie 's outer office . bud hello , Natalie , you recognize the voice ? I will give you a hint , you be think seriously about marrying I ... natalie ( recognize the voice ) what be you do here ? bud ... and you be even lovelier than I picture . I bring a birthday present for Mr. gekko . natalie first of all , Mr. Fox , you can not just come barging in here . and what make you think it 's he birthday ? Bud take out a old crumpled fortune magazine cover of Gordon gekko , entitle " gekko the great ! " bud it 's in the bible , see . you better go buy he a present . please , Natalie . let I give he the gift ; Cuban cigar -- davidoff , he favorite and hard to get . natalie ( sigh ) stay here , I will see what I can do . she take the gift and enter gekko 's office . Bud pace nervously . Natalie re-appear , stern , but a note of compromise in she voice . natalie wait outside . int . gekko office - outside reception area - day Bud on the courtesy phone , hang up , look nervously at he watch . almost 12 . he 's lose some two hour of business . Natalie suddenly come out , without a smile . natalie five minute ... Bud brighten , pump himself in the mirror , mutter . bud ( to Natalie ) well ... life all come down to a few moment , and this be one of them ... he follow Natalie . int . gordon gekko' office ( bud Pov ) - day Furnishings in hypermodern gray and black lacquer , modern Art range from black field painting by ad reinhardt to the smashed dish of Julian schnabel . nautilus equipment , hi-tech gadget be in evidence , include a splendid Howard Miller World time clock , and a world map ... Three of gekko 's people , young mba 's dress for success , be scattered about the room , on phone , calculator , come in and out . gordon gekko aka gekko the great as the media call he , dress in a custom English suit , pace on the phone with the restlessness of a cage tiger , a 50 - foot extension cord attach to he blink 130 line silver - plate telephone . on he ear be a headset . he be carry on overlap conversation with a myriad of banker , partner and lawyer ; pause to issue command to he aide while keep he eye on the stock pride spitting across a bank of quotron monitor , carry everything from New York exchange to London , commodity , gold , and currency value . a second Secretary and sometimes Natalie exit and enter with various message write on a piece of paper , indicate a wait party on the phone . gekko often shake he head " no " . gekko ( on phone ) ... what the hell be go on ? I just see 200,000 share move , be we part of it , we better be , pal , or I be gonna eat you lunch for you ... get on 1 . ( switch line ) sorry , love it at forty . it 's a insult at fifty . they analyst do not know prefer stock from livestock ... ( a beat , mischievous smile ) wait for it to head south , then we will raise the sperm count on the deal ... right . get back to I .... ( to Alex , a aide listen a the other line ) this be the kid that 's call I 59 day in a row . want to be a player ( to Bud ) there oughta be a picture of you in the dictionary under persistence . ( back to phone ) look , Jerry , I be look for negative control , no more than 30 to 35 % , just enouqh to block anybody else 's merger plan and find out from the inside if the book be cook . if it look as good as on paper , we be in the kill zone . we lock and load pal ... get on 3 . alex do betancourt , a tall handsome frenchman , jot a note and follow Gordon over to line 3 . gekko 's dark intent eye fix briefly on Bud who stand wait in the corner . he motion he to sit . gekko ( new line ) yeah , billy , who 's you buyer ?... no , not interested . ( eye a quotron , to Ollie , a trader ) Ollie , start call a the institution , start with marx at janson mutual , then reardon . get I that California retirement money , baby ! and we be on we way ! ollie you get it , g.g. ollie , a gigantic 200 pound man wear pink suspender , rise and walk to another phone , past Bud ... gekko ( back on line with billy , listen ) ... check the arb for macdonald 's . yeah , I be have a Mac attack . 20,000 share . for about 30 minute . lunch ? be you joke -- lunch be for wimp . get back to I ... ( to Alex ) 4 . Bud 's eye on the frame " tombstone " from the Wall Street Journal commemorate gekko 's successful deal ; they hang like scalp from the wall . gekko 's eye drift to Bud , a friendly easy smile for a flick of a instant , he have genuine charm in he manner and though ultrafast verbally , project calm and confidence at the center . a man who obviously love what he do , to some small degree be flash he stuff for the outsider . gekko ( line 4 ) look harold , they be vulnerable , alright , but we do not want them to think they be under accumulation . go slow . call geneva and the Bahamas for I , will ya ? we feint towards it but we wait ... alex what about tipping off yurovich ? gekko ( grimace ) if I ever need surgery , get I the heart of a arb like yurovich , it 's never be use ... happy holideal harold ... hang up , eye to Bud . his headset come off . bud ( nervous ) how do you do Mr. gekko . I be Bud Fox . gekko so you say . Nice to meet you ; hope you be intelligent . like this , how would you get this ? ( indicate cigar ) bud ( try a smile , awkward ) ... get a connection at the airport . gekko note the answer , wrapping the cuff of a state - of - the - art , automatic blood pressure monitor around he arm and start pump it up . his aide continue on the phone . gekko so what 's on you mind kimosabe ? why be I listen to you ? get to monitor my blood pressure , so whatever you do , do not upset I . bud oh no , no ... gekko ( demonstrate it ) within 45 second , a microprocessor compute you systolic and diastolic pressure . have a lcd readout , and it 's cost effective -- less than one visit to the doctor . bud I just want to let you know Mr. gekko I read all about you at nyu Business , and I think you be a incredible genius and I have always dream of only one thing -- to do business with a man like you ... gekko ( smile , impatient with the speech ) so what firm you with , pal ? bud Jackson , steinem ... gekko ( nod ) ... go place , good junk bond department , you get the financing on that syndicam deal . bud ... yeah , and we be work on some other interesting stuff . gekko ( fishing ) ... a cosmetics company by any chance ? what be you , the 12th man on the deal team ? the last to know ? bud ( smile ) can not tell you that , Mr. gekko . gekko so whatta you get for I , sport ? why be you here ? Bud open he attache case and rifle out a handful of brief . gekko note the blood pressure read and take the cuff off he arm . Ollie , the big trader , amble back in , say something to the third aide , a young intelligent - look woman susan turner . bud chart break - out on this one here ... uh whitewood - Young industry ...low p.e. explosive earning . 30 % discount from book . great cash flow . coupla 5 % holder . strong management . gekko it 's a dog , what else you get , sport , besides connection at the airport ? natalie Mr. stevenson in San fransisco . gekko take the call , cut Bud off . gekko he respond to the offer ? what ? what the hell 's cromwell do give lecture tour when he company 's lose 60 million a quarter ? I guess he 's give lecture on how to lose money ... if this guy open a funeral parlor , no one would die , this turkey 's totally brain dead ... well Christmas be over and business be business . ( simultaneous to Ollie ) keep buy . dilute the sonofabitch . Ollie I want every orifice in he body flow red . ollie ( laugh , on the phone ) he 's flow , gordo . piece of cake . gekko hang up and buzzing a aide . throw out a aside to Bud . gekko ... do not look like it but the best trader on the street ... ( to Susan ) Sue get the lbo analysis on teldar Paper and bring it here ... what else ? Bud shifting , uncomfortable as gekko finally swivel he attention back to he . bud ( come right back ) tarafly ... analyst do not like it . I do . the breakup value be twice the market price . the deal finances itself . sell off two division , keep ... aiex , know the stock , sneer , share a look with gekko who look up at Bud with the first sign of interest . gekko ( laugh ) not bad for a quant , but a dog with different fleas . ( check he hi-tech watch ) come on , tell I something I do not know . it 's my birthday , pal , surprise I ... as he open a birthday card and feed it into the shredder that sit next to he desk over the waste basket . the sound it make be soft and menace . buddy know its fourth down and long , gekko 's attention be shifting to the quotron . in frustration , Bud blurt it out . bud ( stand ) bluestar Airlines . the camera move on he now , sudden , more intense , in a sense trapping he . gekko ... ring a bell somewhere . so what ? bud a comer . 80 medium - body jet . 300 pilot , fly northeast , Canada , some Florida and Caribbean route ... great slot in major city ... gekko ... do not like airline , lousy union ... bud there be a crash last year . they just get a favorable ruling on a lawsuit . even the plaintiff do not know . gekko look up , remotely interested . gekko how do you know ? bud ( hesitates , concerned ) I know ... the decision will clear the way for new plane and route contract . there 's only a small float out there , so you should grab it . good for a five point pop . Ollie come back in , as excited as he ever will get under he roll of flesh , he voice deadpan . ollie ... just get 250,000 share at 18 1 / 4 from janson , think I will pull twice that at 18 1 / 2 outta the California pension . we get close to half a million share in the bag . gekko hey , the terminator ! blow them away Ollie . ollie and , I be pretty sure we get the beezer Brothers out of Tulsa come in with we and I be work on the silverberg boy in Canada . gekko rip they throat out and put they in you garbage compactor . ( to Bud ) interesting . you get a card ? buddy thrust a card into he hand . gekko glance at it . bud my home number 's on the back ... gekko ( smile , look at card ) Bud Fox , I look at a hundred idea a day . I choose one . Bud stuff he note back into the briefcase , hope for a word of encouragement in the awkward silence . bud well , hope to hear from you , sir . he turn and head out the door , still shake by the revelation he have make pass Susan who hurry in with a dossier . gekko glance at it . as Bud leave , he overhear : gekko ( off ) ok gang , look like we be go over 5 % in teldar , start the lawyer on a tender offer and 13d , we keep go after everything in sight but do not pay over $ 22 . they be gonna fight , they get myer and thromberg do they legal , they make Nazis look like nice guy ... int . outside gekko' office - day Bud walk glumly past Natalie , certain that he 's blow it . she 's busy on the phone . bud ... thanks Natalie . natalie ( buzzing inside , preoccupy ) ... have a nice day Mr. Stone . ( wrong name , do not notice , to gekko on phone ) ... Mr. gekko , the conference call be ready . Mr. sugarman and Mr. Lorenzo in delaware . Mr. Bernard in Los Angeles . Mr. Jackson and Ms. rosco in London . they be all on . the phone call go behind close door . Bud walk out , deject . int . bud office - day Bud come in , distract , punch into he quatron . teldar Paper come up . marv ( come over ) ... well , see he ? bud ( mind on the computer ) yeah , but he do not see I . marv cheer up buddy buddy . you shook gekko the great 's hand and you still get all you finger . he 's not the only elephant in the jungle . insert : teldar paper . the quotron . Bud 's eye . think to buy . marv ( look ) ... get something from he ? teldar Paper ? Bud wipe it off the screen , he mind make up , dismiss the temptation to buy . bud ...a dog with fleas . Lynch , the manager , stalk past with some telex . lynch where you be the last 3 hour , Fox ? I would not be sit around chin wag if I be you ... plenty of name in that phone book to cold call ... marvin give Lynch the italian salute , behind he back . grudgingly , buddy flip open the massive New York phone book . marv ... get ticket for the knick tonight . go out and cruise some bimbos afterwards , whaddaya say ? bud ( shake he head ) ... gotta read my report . marv forget chart ! we be not fund manager , Bud , churn them and burn them . I be offer you the knick and chick . God save you before you turn into poor steeples over there . they eye briefly on dan steeples , red face , desperately try to make a sale on the telephone , hang up defeat . bud ... preferably Lou mannheim ... they eye briefly on lou mannheim , in he private office , sit there slump , think , smoking as he watch the quotron . marv Nice guy but a loser . lose all he equity when he firm go belly up in the recession of 71 . you wanna be come in here in you late sixty still pitching ? ... whatever happen to that cute analyst at thudder , wick ? ... Cindy ? Susan ? bud Cindy . have sex with she be like read the Wall Street Journal ' cept the Journal do not talk back . ' side this aids crap be ruin romance , nobody trust anybody anymore , gotta get a blood test in the toilet before you leave a bar together , somebody oughtta invent a aids dipstick , no kid , make a fortune . I gotta get to work ... Z 's today . ( hit the phone with the directory ) the pool secretary , gina , call out . gina call for you buddy . bud ( take it ) Bud Fox . Bud rear up in he seat . a change . marvin notice . int . gordon gekko office - simultaneous - day gekko talk into he speaker phone , gaze out the window . gekko alright Bud Fox ... buy I twenty thousand share of bluestar . no more than 15 1 / 8 , 3 / 8 top , and do not screw it up sport . int . bud cubicle - day the camera track around and in on he climactically as the Music theme rise to ensnare he ... we end close on bud. dumbstruck . bud yes , sir . thank you . you will not regret it . he hang up , stunne still , rise from he chair , unbutton he collar and feverishly start write the ticket . marv get a little action there , eh buddy ? bud marv , ( turn triumphant ) ... I just bag the elephant ! ext . columbus avenue - night the upper West side . the young , the rich and the restless parade along the avenue , jam the neighborhood restaurant and bar . Bud glide along , feel a part of the crowd now , past a dreadlock derelict swigging thunderbird and shouting obscenity , shaking a wooden African spear . int . restaurant / bar - night Inside a glitzy neighborhood singles bar in which Bud stop , everybody seem to be young and drink marguerita . Bud order a beer , surveying the room like a veteran , overhear the conversation of a young trader to two other broker type . young trader ... you know marty Wyndham ? he netted $ 650,000 out of that merger ... 26 year old , the guy 's rambo . get himself a porsche turbo cabriolet about 75 thou , get a house in westhampton , penthouse on second Avenue , get up at 2:30 in the morning , he 's in the office at 4 ... guy never sleep ... rambo gene ... he blather on as Bud survey the room , notice a elegant blonde with a strike aloof beauty , very much the debutante dream Grace Kelly type , so refine that you wonder what she could possibly be do out at night in public alone . Bud summon he courage , catch he breath , make he way over ... she see he approach , obviously do not wish to talk , eye darting elsewhere like a nervous deer . bud ( awkward ) hi...can I buy you a drink ? I be celebrate tonight . blonde ( disdainful ) please , no thanks ... ( look away ) bud look , I know you get approach a lot by dubious man , but I be different , I never talk to stranger , all my life I have be wait for the right person to walk across the room ... you be that person , you do not know it but I do and if you walk away now I will never see you again or you I . you will grow old . blonde oh really . bud ( cont 'd ) I will grow old . we will both die . and we will never have know each other . that 's sad . at least one drink for a dreamer ... what 's you favorite drink ? she look at he , not quite sure . be he serious or glib ? blonde ( uncommitted ) Grand marnier . bud sound like a french word , what be it ? blonde it 's a romantic and tragic drink . bud sound tempting . I prefer mine with a twist of fate . you know like we meeting . do not go away ... maybe , just maybe she 's he ! his eye show it as he hurry back to the bar to order . as he get the bartender 's attention , he turn and see that she be join by a man who look as if he step out of the page of gq . together they walk away . stung , Bud watch as the woman of he dream disappear out the door . bartender what do you want ? bud ... I just lose it . ext . nightclub - night ( rain ) Bud and a date he 's obviously just pick up , be struggle to be see in a mass of people try to get in the hot new club in Manhattan . Bud ease forward along the rope to a large bouncer who roughly push one of the bridge - and - tunnel kid back across the rope . Joe discreetly show he $ 50 but they guy say : " no room ! , " humiliate he in front of he date . the bouncer shove Bud aside as Gordon gekko and kate , he wife , and entourage ( alex , other ) be show through the rope into the door . Bud say something to Gordon but it get lose in the confusion . ext . 79 th STREET &amp ; broadway - early day people pour into the subway on the way to work . Bud rifle through the Financial Times he 's just buy at the newsstand and find the article he be look for : bluestar exonerated in 1984 crash . he thrust he fist in the air , victoriously ... bound down the subway stair . int . bud office - day Bud 's on the quotron and the phone ; the word 's spread around the office , he 's land gekko and broker drop by he desk to get the lowdown . bud ( on the phone ) what 's it at now ? still move . great ! steeples the man of the day . pour some water on he to cool he off ... one of this day I want to know how you get gekko 's account . bud ( indicate Dan 's Yale tie ) my magic tie , Dan . steeples I will trade you . Lou mannheim and a chinese lady broker intersect . chinese lady gordo the great , way to go . mannheim ( pleased ) good little company . I remember when we get the money for bluestar to build that first plane , back in the fifty . chinese lady ( to Bud ) I hear you be buy teldar . Bud smile back at she mischievously . bud sleep with I and the secret of the West be yours . mannheim now that 's a crap company , sure you will make money on the takeover rumor , but what 's be create . nothing . no substance behind it . bud ( succinct ) Old value . buy . she hear he . as they go , marvin swivel madly over in he chair . marv buddy , buddy , some buddy ; why do not you tell I to buy bluestar . bud hey marv , he demand confidentiality ... marv gimme a break . you buy bluestar Airlines yesterday . today they just happen to get good news and the stock go bat shit . you must have esp . a real nostradamus . ( Bud ignore he , pick up the phone ) Jesus Christ , what be friend for ? bud all right , I owe you one marv . marv that 's right , next time a little birdie talk to you , talk to I too e.f. hutton . gina ( pool secretary ) buddy , phone ... Gordon gekko ! everybody in the adjacent area turn and look at buddy like in a e.f. hutton commercial . bud ( on phone ) hi Natalie ... lunch at 21 ? ( look at watch ) I be out the door ... as he spring up to leave , Lynch the manager happen to be strolling by . he nod pleasantly at buddy . lynch Nice piece of work , Fox . why do not you join I and the partner for lunch tomorrow in the dining room ? bud I would love to , Mr. Lynch , thank you . int . 21 club - day Dark mahagony wood , plush banquette , a long oak bar . Bud enter the main dining room in a relatively outre suit that hang on he embarrassingly as other businessman in well - cut suit move around he and a maitre d' sniff , then lead he to where gekko be park , finish up he lunch . a half finish plate be remove to make way for Bud . gekko hi sport . bud ( still nervous ) Nice to see you again Mr. gekko . he 's seat . gekko try the steak tartare . it 's off the menu but Louis will make it for you ... maitre d' of course sir . and to drink ? he look at gekko 's bottled water . bud uh... just a evian , thank you ... the maitre d' leave . gekko proudly pull a tiny 3 " by 6 " color television out of he pocket with a 2 " diagonal screen , flip it on to the Dow Jones avarage . gekko see this ? can you believe it ? two inch screen ... bud ... I can not even see it ... gekko ... for my kid rudy -- 3 year old , electronics freak , get a liquid crystal display ' stead of a electronic beam . we be go into a new age pal . so how 's business today . bud bluestar be at 21 and a eighth when I leave the office . it might spin up to 25 by the bell ... gekko ( a tiny smile ) teldar 's shoot up . buy any for yourself ? Bet you be on the phone two minute after you get out of my office . bud ( flush ) no sir , that would have be illegal ... gekko ( do not believe he ) sure ... relax sport , no one 's gonna blow a whistle . here , be this legal ?... you wanna put it in my account ? as he fish a check out and drop it on Bud 's plate . greeting two banker who stop at the table as Bud pick up the check , glance at it . his hand start to tremble . the check be for $ 500,000 . gekko ( to bus boy , the banker excited ) can we have the check over here for christ 's sake . bus boy ( rush off ) yes sir ! gekko cover the bluestar buy and put a couple hundred thou in one of that bow - wow stock you mention . pick the dog with the least fleas . use a stop loss so you downside be 50,000 , and buy yourself a decent suit . you can not come in here look like that . ( Bud flush , embarass ) go to morty sill , tell them I send you . bud ( he genuine look ) Mr. gekko -- thank you for the chance . you will not regret this , you be with a winner . gekko ( pay the check with cash ) ... put the rest of it in a money market account for now . I want to see what you know before I invest it ... and save the cheap salesman talk , it 's obvious . bud ( stung ) Excuse I sir . gekko rise to leave , the maitre d' hover around . gekko you hear I ... I do not like loss sport . nothing ruin my day more than loss ... you do good , you get perk , all kind of perk . stay home tonight . Louis , take care of 'im . enjoy the lunch . confused , Bud watch gekko walk out of the room , pump extend hand leave and right . he hold the cashier check up to he eye , entrance by it , like a kid with he first dollar ... as the raw steak tartare with a egg on top be put in front of he . int . bud apartment - night Bud be at he computer when the door bell ring . he 's not expect a visitor . when he open the door he be knock for a loop . a smash look lady in a fitte chanel suit , rope of chain , short tight skirt , beautiful long leg , be stand there . take in the apartment , she hide she distaste . lisa hello Bud , I be Lisa , a friend of Gordon 's . bud ( in a daze ) Lisa . Gordon ? oh , Mr. gekko . sure . would you , uh , like to come in ? lisa do not he tell you ? ( sigh ) that 's so like Gordon . get dress , we be go out . bud we be ? ext . bud build - night a stretch limo be park in front , neighborhood wino inspect it . the chauffeur open the back door , as Lisa step inside , buddy in tow . the wino clap , howling at she . int . limousine - night Bud in the back seat next to Lisa , gaze out the black tinted window as they drive away , then turn to she as she give he a bottle of Champagne to open . bud so , where be we go ? lisa wherever you like , lutece , 21 , the River Cafe ... or maybe we can just drive around for a while . ( provocatively ) work up a appetite . she cross she leg . Bud 's eye move south . he pop the cork . Lisa do a little blow , offer he . lisa want some ? ( he short ) Gordon tell I you be a very talented broker . what do you like ? bud ( feel the rush ) like ? uh...hmmm . well ... lisa I get this guy who should know tell I buy hewlitt Packard but I be burn on tip . what do you think Bud ? bud let 's see , it close at uh , 41 1 /8... ( he voice crack ) up a quarter ... very attractive ... about average yield ... she unzip he fly . bud rising profit ... strong balance sheet , good earning per share . lisa ( remove she blouse ) so you be hot on this stock ? bud ( nod , moan ) it 's ready to take off . I would jump all over it if I be you . as she pull up she skirt and climb on top of buddy . int . bud office - morning buddy , in a obviously new mort sill suit , strut past carolyn at the reception desk , in high spirit . carolyn ( smile ) Morning buddy , you look happy . bud any better and I would be guilty . carolyn ( pick up the flow ) you be never that innocent sugarpie . bud ( coyly ) ...how do you know ? you wish ... wipe to : Bud on the phone , gaze at the ticker , concern in he eye . clicking of the tape ticker come up over the music . he look at marv . wipe to : later . Research report pile up . Bud 's secretary try to get he attention . Bud 's concern grow , as the green fluorescent number spit across the board . clicker grow louder . Pan to marvin , hand cup in prayer . to Dan steeples who close he eye and shake he head . wipe to : Close . Bud watch the tape -- dizzying , hypnotic blur of number . the roar of the clicker , drown out the music ... a runaway freight train . wipe to : Bud 's hand clamp over he eye . the number stop . noise recede . he open he eye , look down at he desk , stack with report and phone message , as the pool secretary , gina , call out . marvin glumly coast over in he chair . marv Boy , we sure go down the toilet on that ugly bitch . if we be jap , we would have to stay with we aircraft . gina ( call out ) Mr. gekko 's office be after you . be at the Wyatt Club court at six ... Bud look worried , at marvin . int . wyatt club squash court - day Games in progress on the four court , heavy hit sound . cross to gekko and Bud go at it . Bud be obviously the worse for wear . gekko ( amused ) ... come on sport , you gotta try harder , I need some exercise for chrissake ... bud ( out of breath ) Mr. gekko , I do not think I can ... go on . gekko ... finish out the game , Bud , push yourself ... meant paternally or sadistically , it 's hard to tell . gekko hit the ball , a big fat shot . Bud return , gekka move he around the court , as if punish he , the kid exhaust but the ball 's never quite out of reach -- till Bud finally can not take it anymore and at the end of he breath , smashes into the wall and collapse . gekko laugh . Bud lie there like a sad dog as gekka haul he up . gekko the public be out there throw dart at a board , sport . I do not throw dart at a board . I only bet sure thing . read Sun tzu 's " the Art of War . " ' every battle be win before it be ever fight . ' think about it . he exit the squash court . int . wyatt club steam room - day gekko and Bud sit alone , wreathe in steam . bud ( sweat ) Nice club , Mr. gekko ... gekko yeah ... not bad for a City College boy . buy my way into this club and now every one of this ivy league schmuck be suck my kneecap ... I just get on the board of the Zoological Society , cost I a million ; that 's the thing with wasp -- they like animal but they can not stand people ! bud ( ease into it ) uh , Mr. gekko , we take a little loss today . we get stop out on tarafly ... ( gekko wait ) ... about 50 thousand . gekko 's expression be frightening but cool . gekko I guess you father 's not a union representative on that company . bud ( laugh , shocked ) what ? how do you know about my father ? gekko the most valuable commodity I know of be information . would not you agree on that ? bud ( exhaling deeply ) yes ... int . wyatt club locker room - day buddy be slump on a bench after take a shower , drink a Coke . gekko towell himself down , get dress ... naked man constantly stop by to greet he . hi Fred , hi Barry , how 's the wife ... still live in larchmont ? yeah , still commute ... y'ever do anything with that aetna Gas deal ...nah ... fishing for information , for a possible drink or meeting but gekko stonewall they all ... gekko you be not as smart as I think you be , buddy boy , listen hard -- do not count on Graham and dodd to make you a fortune , everybody in the market know the theory , ever wonder why fund manager can not beat the s&amp ; p 500 ? ' Cause they be sheep -- and the sheep get slaughter . I be in the business since ' 69 . most of this high pay mbas from Harvard never make it . you need a system , discipline , good people , no deal junky , no toreadore , the deal flow burn most people out by 35 . give I psh -- poor , smart and hungry . and no feeling . you do not win them all , you do not love them all , you keep on fight , and if you need a friend , get a dog , it 's trench warfare out there sport ... ( eyeing the surroundings ) and in here too . I get twenty other broker out there , analyze chart . I do not need another one . talk to you sometime ... he turn to go , Bud panic . be this the kissoff ? bud ( with all he conviction ) I be not just another broker Mr. gekko . if you give I another chance , I will prove it to you . I will go the extra yard for you . one more chance . please ... gekko look back , a beat , walk over to Bud , thrust he towel hard at he stomach . gekko you want one more chance ? then stop send I information and start get I some . get dress , I will show you my chart . int . gekko limousine - park avenue - day / twilight cruise up Park Avenue . a panel slide open next to the bar with a portable computer on it . a television be turn on to the evening news , a low hum of voice . gekko punch into the keyboard of the computer . a name appear a the screen ... lawrence wildman with curriculum vitae follow ; address , phone , business ... gekko know the name ? bud ' course . Larry wildman . one of the first raider . gekko ( amused , cold hatred ) Sir Larry wildman . like all brit he think he be bear with a better pot to piss in ... bribe a old secretary of mine to open bar mouth and steal rdl pharmaceutical right out from under I . wildman the white knight . bud ( excited ) I remember that deal . you be involved ? gekko shut off the computer and slide it back into the housing , he eye take in the low-volume news . gekko revenge be a dish best serve cold ... well , it 's payback time , sport . ( look out suddenly ) ... see that building ? I buy into it ten year ago . it be my first real estate deal . I sell it a couple of year later and make a $ 800,000 dollar profit . it be better than sex . at that time I think that be all tne money in the world ... ( drink ) now , it 's a day 's pay ... I have a mole in wildman 's employ . gave I half the picture , then he get fire ... bud I do not understand . gekko wildman 's in town . he just become a american citizen . something big 's about to go down . I want to know where he go and who he see . I want you , sport , to give I the miss half of the picture ... bud follow he ? Mr. gekko I ... ( shake ) it 's not what I do . I could lose my license . if the SEC find out , I could go to jail . it 's inside information , be not it ? gekko ( scratch he head wryly ) Inside information . oh you mean like when a father tell he son about a court ruling on a airline ? or someone overhear I say I be gonna buy teldar Paper ? or the chairman of the board of xyz suddenly know it 's time to blow out xyz . you mean that ? ( a pierce look ) I be afraid sport , unless you get a father on the board of director of another company , you and I be gonna have a hard time do any business ... Bud downs the rest of he drink , upset by the darken mood . there 's something very powerful and frighteninq about gekko . bud what about hard work ? gekko what about it ? you work hard . I will bet you stay up all night analyze that dog you buy . and where would it get you ?... my father work hard too like a elephant push electrical supplies . and he drop dead at 49 with a heart attack and a tax bill and the bank piss on he grave and take the house ; my mom end up work in a dish factory ... wake up pal , if you be not inside you be outside . and I be not talk a $ 200,000 a year work Wall Street stiff fly first class and be " comfortable " , I be talk rich pal , rich enough to fly in you own jet , rich enough not to waste time , 50 - 100 million , a player Bud -- or nothing . you have what it take to let through my door . next question : you get what it take to stay ...?? the car stop in traffic . horn honk . gekko ( point ) look out there ... there Pov -- a STREET corner . a richly dress executive stand at the curb next to the bum with a shopping cart fill with garbage . gekko ( o.s. ) you really think the difference ' tween this guy and that guy be luck ? Mohammed , pull over . the car pull over . gekko check he watch , pull out the telephone . gekko ... when it come to money , sport , everybody 's of the same religion . or should be ... hope you do not mind if I let you off here , I be late for a meeting . good bye , nice know you . ext . park avenue - twlight the chauffeur let Bud out the door ... Bud look back at gekko . bud all right , Mr. gekko ... you get I . his eye tell we he be weigh down by chain of guilt . gekko smile , gaze at the twilight skyline , a sudden look of contentment . gekko yeah , it 's a beautiful night . I love this hot stinkin ' city . ( point up Park Avenue ) ... nothing else like it in the world . Seven million people live on each other 's head , kid bear , millionaire die , people praying , junky , whore , will , lawyer , deal , party , sex ... guy like you sport -- dream about the big score . you know the best thing about New York be everything you can do here . and the worst thing be everything you can not do here ... he shut the door . Bud watch as the limo drive off . ext . fifth avenue apartment - day Bud , in a suit , wait next to a motorcycle across from one of the most desirable address in New York . the doorman rush to open the door under the canopy as a tall strong man in he fifty emerge with a lawyer type and a female executive . the man be sir lawrence wildman and he manner and gait convey the impression of a authoritative presence with little patience as the chauffeur open the door and he slide into the back seat of the limo . buddy , astride marv 's kawasaki 500 , hit the street after he . the music through the follow montage should suggest a chase brio . ext . wall STREET builide - day Bud shoot past the trinity Church structure ... wildman get out of he limo with he people , stride into the lobby . Bud quickly park he bike on the sidewalk and rush in after they ... not a second too late . int . lobby - wall STREET build - day Bud just manage squeeze in the elevator with wildman and crew -- and -- a couple of other early bird -- as the door close . int . elevator - day Bud eyeing wildman , look away as wildman look back at he , a edge of defiance to he , why be you stare at I ? not the world 's most likeable personality . int . kahn , seidelman - outer office - day the door open and wildman and Co. step out into the reception area of kahn , seidelman ... the door close and buddy continue upward . ext . wall STREET build - later morning the street now jamme with people hurry to work . buddy pace the curb , reacting when wildman walk out , say goodbye to the female executive and get in the limo with he lawyer ... buddy follow . int . le cirque restaurant - park avenue - day formal french haute cuisine . power lunch in progress . as wildman be seat with several well - dress banker at a good table , Bud try to wrangle a table ( next to Mr. wildman on top of everything from a stiff look maitre d' who shake he head , barely conceal he attitude towards buddy 's youth and general demeanor . ext . le cirque - day buddy wait outside , bored , as wildman step out , shake hand with the banker ... Bud make a entry into he notebook like any good spy . ext . midtown tunnel queen - day Music rise to triumphant proportion . aerial shot of limo emerge from the tunnel and onto the Long Island Expressway . camera move in , pick up buddy on the kawasaki , darting through lane , stay several car length behind . ext . laguardia airport - day the limo wind its way along the perimeter road , past commercial airliner . it take the turnoff for butler Aviation . buddy exit the ramp shortly after they . ext . butler aviation airfield - day a corporate saberliner jet , its engine run , idle at the end of the taxiway . the limo pull up along the tarmac next to it and wildman step out , walk past a mechanic to the stair of the plane . a stewardess wait for he . ext . ramp - day Bud watch , wonder what to do as the plane taxie down the runway . he spot the flight mechanic and the answer come to he . he start run towards the mechanic . ext . apron - day Bud race up to the mechanic . bud oh shit , do not tell I Mr. wildman be on board that plane ? ( the mechanic nod ) my boss be gonna kill I . I be suppose to give he this . ( hold he notebook ) you know where that plane be go ? mechanic ( walk off ) Erie , Pennsylvania ... int . phone booth - airline terminal - day bud ( into phone , proudly ) ... after spend the morning at kahn , seidelman -- on the 14th floor , the junk bond department -- where Shane mora work -- he have lunch at La cirque with a group of well - dress heavyset bean - counter ... ( gekko voice back : " the adjective be redundant , sport " ) ...he later stop off at Morgan . I would say from all the palm - press and sweet smile go on that Larry get some nice fat financing ... g.g. int . gekko limousine - heading down park avenue - day Alex and Susan be with he . gekko play the computer , eye lighting up on the phone . gekko ... bright but not bright enough , sherlock , roll the dice and play a little monopoly ... what box would Sir lawrence land on in Erie , Pennsylvania ? int . phone booth - day Bud slapping he face , realize . bud Jesus Christ , he 's buy anacott steel ! int . gekko limo - day Gordon already have the close figure punch up on he quotron . call he shot . gekko when the market open tomorrow , buy five thousand March fifty call . you hear I ? start buy ten thousand share block and take it up to fifty dollar . when it reach fifty , you can let out a little taste to you friend . then call this number -- 555-7617 : tell the man " blue horseshoe love anacott steel ... " you score , buddy ! be in touch . ( hang up ) he hang up , look at Alex and Susan . gekko start buy anacott steel all over the board . int . bluestar maintenance hangar - same day a large company banner hang from the rafter : " bluestar - the vision go on . " buddy 's father , Carl , charley dent and dominick amato be change the generator on a 727 . a welder be repair a wing seam . buddy shouting to he dad over the noise . bud hey dad !... hi ya Charlie ... dominick ... they wave back , Carl climb down a maintenance stand ... light up a cigarette . carl what bring you out here ... bud client . get a private jet over at butler Aviation ... dad , you always gotta light up when you see I , it 's the ... carl ( do not bother I look ) do not start , alright . bud alright . why so piss ? carl goddamn fare war be murdering we . have to lay off five guy . nothing I could do . what be it ... money ? Bud take out he wallet , smile , peel out 10 $ 100 bill . bud yeah , it be . in fact I be do great . New client . Whole new league . it 's start to happen dad . the Big leagues ! you know what I be say . he stick the cash in he hand . carl ( do not ) sure ... lot of guy at the track talk like that ... but how do you know you will have any dough next month ... ( look at the money ) what 's this ? I give you two hundred . bud dividend . I figure I owe you about five thousand in nickel and dime ... carl ( try to give it back ) ... do not be crazy . put it to you school loan . bud do not worry about the loan . I be do good dad and it 's gonna stay that way now ... least buy yourself a new suit . carl what do I need a fancy suit for . I do not hobnob with the jet set . I just fix they plane . buddy force the money into he hand . bud ... then buy yourself a decent bowl jacket so when you take Mom out you do not look like the roto rooter man . come on , for godsake , that 's what money 's for . enjoy yourself ... touched , he father shake he head and smile . he take it . carl Problem with money be you never have enough or you get too much -- and when you get it you be never happy ' cause somebody 's always try to take it away from you . money 's one giant pain in the ass y'ask I ... thanks . bud ( admiration ) ... dad , you should have be a ceo . how about dinner ? carl whatever night you like . bud ( remember ) wait ... next week 's book . let I check with my girl and get back to you on Monday . carl ( laugh at he new lifestyle ) yeah , you do that huckleberry . I will still be here . bud ... gotta run dad . you stop smoking , you hear ? int . bud office - day Bud silent , a intent look on he face , gaze up at the digital clock ... as it flick to 9:30 ... post time . ticker , squawk box and shouting erupt . Bud call in he order : " 10,000 a stl 46 ... and let I know how the option be open . " Music skip along in a revolve madcap fashion . int . floor of american stock exchange - day a clerk hand the buy order to the floor manager . he start write a ticket as we pull back : int . american stock exchange - day company floor trader be jamme into a narrow booth , frantically takinq order over phone and telex machine . the floor manager give the ticket to a runner , a young man wear wear sneaker , who dash off . we follow he across the scruffy Exchange floor , as he weave through a crush of trader cramme around horseshoe - shape kiosk , cathode - ray tube sling above they , display the latest price in bright , green letter and number . intermittent shriek and howl , call to buy and sell , issue from the far reach of the labyrinthian room . as in the final leg of a relay race , the runner hand the ticket off to a company trader , who be buy and sell at the post where anacott steel be trade . the trader check the ticket and turn to the specialist , execute the order . the camera move up as the anacott steel ( a stl ) quote flash across the broad tape -- as the price tick up from 46 to 46 1/4. int . bud office - day Bud pace nervously at he desk , look at he quotron . a stl appear on the screen , now up to 47 . Bud put in another order . int . stock exchange floor - day the same runner race over , hand Bud 's next ticket to the company trader . tilt up to the broad tape . as anacott steel , a stl , rise to 48 1/8. int . bud office - day on Bud , eat a sandwich , eye glue to the ticker . a stl have climb to 48 3 / 4 . marv stalk by , shouting on the phone . Bud look away from the ticker , pretend to read a report . when marv disappear , Bud hastily call in at 49 . int . stock exchange floor - day on the tired runner dodging through the crowd , and over to the trader hand he a new ticket . int . bud office - day Close on the office ticker -- as anacott steel hit 50 . buddy jump up from he chair , and animatedly cross to marv who be on the phone , cold call . marv tell Mr. ehrlich I have get important financial news ! it concern he future . Bud press down on the phone button , cut he off . marv what the hell ... bud anacott steel . buy it . marv look at Joe and see a look on he face that he 's never see before . marv ( nervous ) anacott steel -- right . Bud leave , marv re-dial . marv Dr. beltzer , you be gonna love this ! Lou mannheim hang up the phone , a troubled look . Bud lean into he office . bud Mr. mannheim , get a sure thing . ( whisper ) anacott steel . mannheim ( scoff ) no such thing Bud - ' cept death and tax . not a good company anymore , no fundamentals . what 's go on Bud ? do you know something ? ( Bud uncomfortable , Lou read it ) remember there be no short cut son , quick buck artist come and go with every bull market but the steady player make it through the bear market . ( Bud anxious to go ) you be part of something here , Bud . the money you make for people create science and research job . do not sell that out . bud you be right , Mr. mannheim , but you gotta get to the big time first , then you can be a pillar and do good thing . mannheim can not get a little bit pregnant , Bud . bud it 's a winner Mr. mannheim , trust I -- buy. ( exit ) Charlie cush 's on the phone . charlie gotcha baby , its do -able ... meet you at the Wyatt Club ... 3 pm dinner Thursday ... indochina . then we will kamikaze down to nell 's , chase a little cotton underwear -- I know this 18 year old bimbo , man ... you can take it to the bank ... ( hang up ) bud ( intersect ) wanna play some tennis Saturday ? charlie you mean teach you how to play . can not . go fly fishing in Canada , big client ... bud ( disappointed ) ... you take that anacott steel ? charlie ( wink ) ... light snack , but good , thanks pal , you be sharking you way up ... Dan steeples 's talk confidentially on the phone . steeples I have just hear the most lovely two word ... ' anacott steel . ' buddy dial the phone number that gekko give he . he speak into the receiver , in a hushed voice . bud ... Blue horseshoe love anacott steel. ( hang up ) int . wall STREET journal office - day the reporter on the other end of the phone hang up . he rise from he desk , stride across the busy news floor , over to a associate . reporter anacott steel 's in play . check the arb . ext . gekko beach house - bridgehampton - twilight wind and wave . gekko 's modern , sante Fe structure house sit on a dune overlook the grey Atlantic . gekko ( v.o. ) sweeten the offer , throw 2 buck more in a convertible prefer . and 5 year contract for themselves . int . gekko live room - day immense slant ceiling , a vast clean modern space fill with dozen of contemporary art object , junk sculpture , floor to ceiling window radiating light , that look out on a cantilever deck and pool - and the ocean beyond . gekko ( cont 'd ) ( on the phone ) ... cromwell want to play financial chicken with I , we will see who swerve first . where the hell 's gene ? gekko slump down on a sofa , exhaust , watch one of several news report he master - control with a remote . susan ( on phone ) you send he to vermont to get the deposition from the ceo cromwell fire . gekko ... do and do . night gang , and Susan no leg wave in the air tonight . I want you dream about teldar Paper . during this , rudy , Gordon 's 3 year - old son , drive in in the latest electronic baby toy -- a porsche-bodied electric car . gekko hang up , check out a Reuters quotron position nearby . gekko rudy kazootee , how 's my cutie ! the kid jump out of the car and scoot into he father 's lap . rudy daddy bad boy ! bad boy ! -- play with wudi ... now ! gekko no , not now rudy . daddy 's make money to buy you toy . daddy work . rudy daddy work bad boy ! Gordon absently tossle rudy 's hair , he eye glue to the tv . the kid sense it , jump back off he lap and into the car . business analyst ... the big story tonight be anacott steel which close at 51 1 / 8 . up 5 1 / 8 from yesterday 's close on heavy trading ... kate , Gordon 's beautiful , raven-haire wife , homemaker and antiquer , enter with the bovine - eye au pair girl from France ... just at rudy drive he car into a wall where it stall , engine grind . kate I think somebody 's play hooky from the bathtub . rudy , say good night daddy ... gekko ( can not hear , to kate ) shut that off , willya ! kate , upset with the noise , try to pull she son nicely out of the car . the Korean houseboy come in . houseboy call for you , sir , a reporter from time magazine on two , say it 's important ... and a Mr. Fox on three . gekko ( annoyed ) I come to the country and it 's worse than the city ! I be not home ... ( change mind , push in ) yeah ? bud ( off ) Mr. gekko , I have be try to reach you . we get the option . we get a good execution on they ! meanwhile , the kid have no intention of go anywhere and plant he foot and emit the loudest shriek this side of the fat lady in the opera . gekko Nicole ! take he will you ... handing the bawling , writhe mass of anger to Nicole as if it be laundry she do not want to touch ... Nicole take he scream out of the room ... Gordon try to concentrate on the tv . intercut to : int . bud office - day paper and chart be strewn around , trail down to a box of take - out pizza and empty beer bottle . Bud have stay late . bud ( almost apologetic , speed on the high of the buy ... ) I get all I could get which be 750,000 share plus 5000 March 50 call . average price of $ 47 a share and $ 4 per contract for the call . I just wish I could have get more . gekko do not expect to get it all , sport , you will burn out . first rule of business be never get emotional about stock , cloud the judgment . where do we stand ? business analyst in response to a inquiry from the New York stock Exchange , management issue a terse no comment . wildman would not return phone call . analyst believe the company be worth $ 75 per share in a transaction . kate John and carmen be here and the livingston be on they way ... gekko ( nod , listen to phone ) I will be right there , fix they a drink . bud ( shifting the figure ) ... we have 37.2 million invest . at this point , we be up 3.1 million and some change . if it go to 75 buck we can clean close to 12 mill . gekko ( smile ) you be walk between the raindrop kid . I expect Sir Larry be choke on he royal chamber pot by now . bud my firm need you signature on this option agreement tonight , sir , otherwise we could take a real bath tomorrow . gekko ( sigh ) ... can not it wait ? I be good for it . ( Bud wait , " Sir " ) ... awright . come out , get the direction from Natalie and hurry up . ext . gekko' beach house - bridgehampton - night Bud 's p.o.v. as he pull up to a austere , ultra - sophisticated monolith of glass and wood dominate a stretch of dune overlook the Atlantic 's angry surf . several jag , state of the art jeeps and a roll be draw up outside . Bud , get out of he fade Honda , go up the stair to the door . he ring several time . a black butler open it and look at buddy somewhat warily . laughter and voice be hear from inside . butler ( pretentiously : high English accent ) can I help you ? bud Bud Fox . get some papers for Mr. gekko to sign . butler wait a moment please . without think he close the door in Joe 's face . he stand there , harrass peer around through a window on the lawn . a small gather of friend in progress around a glow fireplace . the butler wave he in from the door . int . gekko alcove - night Bud enter , as gekko approach . he seem annoyed to be disturb at he country home . bud ( apologetic ) sorry , Mr. gekko . gekko ( take the papers ) allright . wait here ... about to go when he wife , kate gekko , come over . a pretty dark - haire woman . kate problem ? gekko no ... Bud Fox , my wife , kate ... they exchange pleasantry . kate you come from the city ? ( with a look to Gordon ) Long drive , have a drink . gekko do not seem to like the idea , but ... gekko yeah , why not , Bud boy ... kate 's walk back inside to she guest , as Bud sidle over to gekko . bud ... if you would rather not , Mr. gekko , I can leave ... int . gekko live room - night they cross to the main live room . gekko ... it 's okay buddy , you know Alex ... candice Rogers . ( Alex and he date shake hand , faintly aloof ) ... this be Stone Livingston ... and he wife muffie . ( a young stuffy banker in weekend corduroy look at Bud as if he obviously do not belong ) ... darien Taylor , Sam ruspoli , carmen winter , Dick brady ... all old friend . Bud look wide - eye at the beautiful " calvados " blonde he 's be dream of for week ... she 's with Mr. gq and do not recognize Bud , nod back , they all nod back , naturally suspicious of the young outsider ... rudy 's toy robot wheel around the floor with a drink on its tray , talk computer talk ... stone livingston ( charme by it ) ... good idea Gordon , good help be hard to find this day but can he whip up a dry vodka martini ... gekko ... well he do not talk back or steal the silver and Dick 's gonna get I a exemption on he , be not you ... ( Dick brady be obviously a accountant ) Bud pluck a glass of wine from the robot 's tray and plunk himself down on a sofa , overhear the conversation between muffie Livingston and candice Rogers . muffie ... there I be in St. kitt 's in my new kamali leopard skin v- cut bikini which be go to turn back the clock on we marriage five year , you know what I mean , and I can not even fit into it , my skin 's all pink and inflame , and I look like a walk social disease all because this ukranian bitch botch the wax on my bikini line . candice ( revolt ) oh my god , how ghastly , you should sue she ... the Korean houseboy have come over to gekko . houseboy call for you sir . Sir Larry wildman , he say it 's important ... Bud tighten , so do the whole room hearing the name of the moment . gekko smile at buddy . gekko ( to houseboy ) make Mr. Livingston a martini would you nyung , and this gentleman ... ( to Bud ) stick around , this could be fun ... he go to the alcove to take the call . muffie so , I have to sit around the beach wear a moo-moo for 10 day , my whole vacation ruin . ( notice as Bud laugh , choke on the wine , spilling some on the couch ) you just spill you wine . Bud notice the stain , start wiping it . candice you be just make it worse . int . gekko alcove - night ( rain ) gekko ( on phone ) Larry , what a surprise ... ( beat ) can it wait till tomorrow . I get some people over . ( dryly ) ... if you feel that way Larry , come over . int . gekko livingroom - night ( rain ) the blonde , darien taylor , be examine a modern sculpture as buddy come over with two calvados . bud hello again , I be hold this drink for we for the last three week . darien ( uncomprehend ) Excuse I . bud Grand marnier . a romantic and tragic drink . darien oh yes , I remember you . bud destiny take we apart , but I know it would bring we back together . darien aha . Poet or philosopher ? bud stock broker . as in : never have so few do so little for so much . so what do you see in this ? Bud indicate the painting in front of they -- a buffalo skull in the desert by Georgia o'keefe . darien I would give anything to have this in my house , even for a week . bud ... few thousand dollar down the drain if you ask I . darien oh really ? ( look at he quizically ) well , I guess you can kiss that career as a art appraiser goodbye , because we pay over four hundred thousand for it at the contemporary picture sale last June . bud ( choke ) you could have a great beach house for that . darien sure you could , in Wildwood , New Jersey . if you sell this , ( indicate a Rothko hang near the o'keefe ) you could have a pretty nice penthouse on fifth . but you would not have much leave over for decoration . bud Boy , I think Gordon be a tough businessman , but somebody 's really take he to the cleaner here . darien not really . I would say that Gordon be one of the most astute collector around . he have a great eye and he only busy the best . like this rug for instance , a silk tabriz , the finest of its kind . the day after he buy it in London , a dealer represent the Saudi Royal family offer he twice what he pay . it absolutely make the room . see how this little bit of celadon in the border be pick up in the cushion oh the sofa ... although ... ( she 's really warming up to she subject now ) I do not know if I would have use that tea dip linen for the upholstery - too dingy . and it 's a sacrilege have that pre-columbian pot in the center of the coffee table . some dope might use it as a ashtray . bud I gather you be a decorator . darien you get it , a great spender of other people 's money . bud well , if you be that good , you could probably do wonder at my place . darien where be it ? bud Upper West side . darien ( lose interest fast ) oh really . Home of the expose brick wall and the ( shudder ) houseplant . bud oh it 's just a rental . I be move to the East side soon . I have get a couple of deal brewing with Gordon . ( shift uncomfortably with he pretension ) but that 's just conversation ... what about real thing ? like dinner . the two of we . Friday . cafe. Santo domingo . Bud wait , stare suddenly and deeply into she eye . darien what if I have a previous engagement ? bud break it . darien I guess this must be destiny alright . my first yuppie apartment and ... ( pat he on the cheek flirtatiously ) my first yuppie . bud ( give she a steely glare ) you may call I a yuppie ... it 's mister yuppie to you . they both laugh . bud ( get serious ) so. see you Friday . darien you really do believe in destiny ? bud only if I want something bad enough . her date , Mr. gq , sammy ruspoli intersect with kate . a cultivate european air . SAM ... there you go again , darien , talk with strange man . kate that 's we darien : elusive , reclusive , exclusive . ( to Sam ) you know Bud right ? he work for Gordon ... ( Sam nodd , make conversation , big smile ) Sam 's in banking . you stay for dinner Bud ? bud ( hesitant , eye darien ) no , I be afraid I have get to get some work ... kate notice the doorbell ringing . kate ... excuse I . Sam mutter something in darien 's ear of a intimate nature . she glide away with he . darien ( to Bud ) call I next week , I will give you a estimate ... a ironic promise in she eye ... Bud ecstatic inside ... look over , go to the foyer ... int . gekko alcove - night ( rain ) sir larry wildman walk in , he country gentleman clothing somewhat soften he impose figure but not the culture rapacious eagle 's face . with he a lawyer . kate ( strain ) Larry , how have you be ? get you a drink ? wildman ( slightly impatient ) oh fine . travel actually . nothing thank you . be ... kate Gordon ?... he 's right here . as Gordon intersect , casually taste a spot of the dinner . gekko Larry ! Excuse I " sir " Larry , great to see you again , you be look good . ( handshake ) wildman Gordon ... ( sniff the guest and furnishings in the room as if they be stale air ) bud ( leave , to Gordon ) I guess I will head back ... gekko ( spontaneously ) stick around ... Larry , one of my " gang " -- Bud Fox . pleasantry . Bud nervously shake hand , sense wildman might recognize he from be tail in the elevator . there indeed be a moment but wildman 's attention blur as ... gekko shall we go upstairs ? int . gekko den - night ( rain ) Gordon enter a de line with old book hunt print ; he proudly pick up something from he gun collection . gekko rarest pistol in the world , Larry , a .45 luger . only six be ever manufacture . wildman congratulation but rarer still be you interest in anacott steel . gekko the same interest as yours Larry . money . I think it would be a good investment for my kid ... wildman no . this time I be in for the long term . this be not a liquidation , Gordon . I be go to turn it around . you be get a free ride on my tail , mate , and with the dollar you be cost I to buy back the stock , I could modernize the plant . I be not the only one who pay here Gordon . we be talk about life and job ; three and four generation of steel worker ... a strong hint of the cockney work class east and London boy whiffing through he speech and manner . the " mate " be tough and to the point but not insulting ... gekko ( have to smile ) you must be wear a mask you be laugh so hard behind it Larry . let 's cut the " sir " crap . correct I if I be wrong , but when you take cnx electronics , you laid off 8,000 worker , jessmon fruit about 6,000 , that airline ... wildman ( cold , deliberate ) I could break you , mate , in two piece over my knee , you know it , I know it , I could buy you six time ever , I could dump the stock just to burn you ass but I happen to want the company and I want you block of share . I be announce a tender offer at 65 tomorrow , and I be expect you commitment . Bud watch this drama unfold . gekko be about to blow , control it . gekko showdown bore I Larry , neither side win . you can have the company , in fact it 's gonna be fun watch you and you giant ego try to make a horserace out of it ... ( turn to Bud ) what do you think be a fair price for we stock Bud ? Bud in the spotlight . the eye all shift to he -- he moment . after a initial panic , he 's cool as a cucumber -- and ruthless as he mentor . bud the break up value be higher . it 's worth 80 . gekko but we do not want to be greedy now , so let 's let he have it at $ 72 . his eye to wildman who look at he , cold , icy mean . wildman you be a two bit pirate and a green-mailer , gekko , nothing more ... not only would you sell you mother to make a deal , you would send she cod ... Bud look sharply as gekko 's eye flare with hot white anger . gekko my mail 's the same color as yours Larry . or it be till the Queen start call you " sir " . now excuse I before I lose my temper ... he rise and exit . wildman $ 71 ... gekko stop at the door , a beat . gekko consider you bring my mother into it , $ 71.50 . wildman done . you will hear from my lawyer . 8 a.m. good night . he walk out with the silent lawyer . past gekko who watch . " ta ta " . gekko ( to Bud ) he 's right . I have to sell . the key to the game be you capital reserve . you do not have enough , you can not pee in the tall weed with the big dog . bud ( mimick Gordon now ) " all warfare be base on deception ... " Sun tzu say , if you enemy be superior , evade he , if angry , irritate he , if equally match , fight ... if not , split and reevaluate . gekko you be learn , sport ... int . bud apartment - pre-dawn exhausted from the drive back , Bud take off he sweater and tie and collapse onto the bed , close he eye . the phone ring . with a start he wake and answer it . bud yeah ?... intercut to : ext . gekko' beach house - dawn the sky be still dark , the first ray of light come up over the ocean . gekko , a lonely figure in a windbreaker , restlessly prowl the edge of the beach , wave crash around he . he 's be up all night and have a exhaust , drive look as he whisper over the wind into the cellular phone ... gekko money never sleep pal . when I come in in ' 69 , they trade six hour a day , now the clock do not stop , London 's deregulate , the orient be hungrier than we . just let the money circle the world , sport , buy and sell , and if you be smart it come back pay . I just make $ 800,000 in Hong Kong gold . it 's be wire to you -- play with it . you do good , but you gotta keep do good . I show you how the game work , now school 's out . bud ( protest ) Mr. gekko , I be there for you 110 % . gekko you do not understand . I want to be surprised ... astonish I , sport , new info , do not care where or how you get it , just get it ... my wife tell I you put a move on darien . here 's some inside info for you . that euroflash gq guy she 's go with 's get big buck but he 's put she foot to sleep . exit visa be imminent . so do not lose you place in line . ( gaze at the surf ) oh , jeez , I wish you could see this . the light come up over the water . I have never see a painting that capture the beauty of the ocean at this moment . ( suddenly fatigue ) ... a old Russian proverb - " a fisherman always see another fisherman from afar . " I like you sport , I ever tell you that ... Gordon , call I Gordon from now on . bud ( off ) ... Gordon . gekko yeah , I be gonna make you rich , Bud Fox . I be gonna make you rich enough you can afford a girl like darien . remember , power be the best aphrodisiac . this be you wake - up call . go to work . he let the phone drop to he side , stare glaze - eye at the ocean . int . roger barne ' office - early evening a secretary lead Bud into the plush , private office of a cocky young lawyer , roger barne , about though same age as Bud , he he foot up on the desk , sleepily wave to buddy to park he ass ... the picture a he wall and desk indicate a rich family . roger Fox , Bud D. be this deja vu or have it really be a year . you be not hit I up for nyu be you ? bud well we be think of put up a statue of you in the subway . I hear you be move up in the world . a associate already . not bad . how 's margie ? roger can not complain . get a house in oyster Bay . market treat you good ? still see that sexy french gal ? bud Nah , she ask the wrong question . roger what be that ? bud " what be you think ? " ... that be it . the hour be hell , but the money 's start to tumble in . I know this guy who 's get a iron - clad way to make money , I can not lose and I can not get hurt . roger ( interested ) so , do " this guy " have a tip for a honest lawyer ? bud yeah , check out teldar Paper , it 's still not over . roger okay . bud what about you , I hear you guy be handle the Fairchild Foods merger and it may not be go through . any surprise I have not read about in the Wall Street Journal ? roger ( casually ) come on buddy , you would not want to get I disbarre now would you ? bud ( equally casual , look at the wall ) who 's listen ? it 's just one college buddy talk to another . roger ( sarcastic ) yeah , right ... bud relax , Roger , everybody 's do it but you do not know , you do not know . roger ... and if I do , what 's in it for moi ? he obviously have think about it before . Bud smile back , nonchalant . bud more money than you ever dream , Roger . and the thing be no one get hurt ... how bout a beer ? roger ( some doubt ) too much to do ... but I will walk you out . int . corridor outside roger barne ' office - evening they walk out past the cleaning crews come in for the evening , drone of the vacuum cleaner ... Bud look - he Pov ... a cleaning woman as she pull the vacuum cleaner into one of the senior partner office , the desk cramme with proposal , Bud be lose in think . roger ( teasing ) ... get inside my uncle 's door buddy , all the secret of the world be yours ... the life blood of company , but you gotta go to law school first ... ext . barne ' office build - night Bud come out of the building and start walk away . as he pass the freight entrance , Bud abruptly notice a van mark marsala maintenence company . he look back , think for a moment : a look in he eye . ext . long island CITY - light industrial park - day Bud walk past a row of small warehouse and enter one . int . marsala maintenance office and garage service - day he step into a shabby reception area . a chain -smoke old lady look up from the switch - board . bud I need to speak to the owner about some business . int . back office - day the owner , a greek with bushy mustache and harden face , sit at he desk eat lunch , eyeing Bud suspiciously . bud ( hand he a card ) Mr. panos , I have chart the growth of new office space in the city , and I think you be in the right business at the right time . panos thank you for tell I what I already know . bud I be impressed with you work and I could use a tax break . this be a grow business . be you interested in some work capital and a partner ? panos put down he sandwich , measure Bud . panos what make you think I need a partner ?! Bud smile , ready with he spiel . a elevator open . a body step out . a set of key . boom up past a clipboard and pen to a shirt pocket with marsala maintenance write on it , up to Bud dress in janitorial clothing . we move with he to the crew supervisor who introduce three cleaning women who nervously absorb Bud , worried for they job . Bud stroll from office to office , look official , oversee he crew , make notation on a checklist . Bud slip into the senior partner ' office , thumb through a calendar on the desk . see the list of people , move to the computer , punch the client 's name in . the code number come up . Bud nod to a security guard down the hall and enter the file room where he look at the Cleaning Lady and point to he watch . as she exit , he scramble nervously through the file -- find the code number -- then anxiously flip the page to the critical tender offer document -- with the target name -- investment in rorker electronics corp . it 's stamp " draft " across the page . his face light up . the secret to the kingdom . he put it back , exit . wipe to : int . gekko' office - day gekko on the phone , smile . int . phone booth - day Bud , obviously exhaust from he day and night role , be tell he something on the phone . int . second law firm - night Bud furtively xerox a document on a small hand - carry copy machine in he pocket or photograph it if it be too large . int . restaurant - day Bud and Alex , gekko 's assistant , have lunch . Alex give he the briefcase he 's carry . Pan from Alex to Bud back to discover darien in the next scene . int . restaurant - day Bud dine with darien , small talk , intimate look . int . third law firm - night Bud be in a office , eye pan the shelf . voice ( o.s. ) can I help you ? Bud 's head jerk around . a young female paralegal be burn the midnight oil . she look at he from behind a stack of brief . bud ( back off ) uh. wrong office . sorry ... ext . bridgehampton beach - day gekko , kate , Bud , darien and a fifth person roar over the dune , each in they own dune buggy , laugh and holler at one another ... buddy drive right up precariously close on darien , who scream ... buddy flip over he vehicle ... come up laugh ... we sense he be get wilder now ... ext . horse farm - bridgehampton - day darien ride expertly . a beautiful , immaculately - groom stallion be be show to gekko by the trainer . Bud be sip wine as he look on with kate . gekko ( proudly ) get he at a auction in kentucky . bud how much ? gekko ( fondle the head ) Close to two million . ( Bud whistle ) but this sucker can go all the way to Devon and the national . darien ride in , smile to Bud . bud Devon ? he look like Seattle slew . what about the triple Crown ? darien he 's not a racehorse , Bud , he 's a jumper . bud how would I know ? I once bet a horse . he go out at ten to one and come in at quarter to five . he laugh , a little sloppy . ext . ocean - day darien swim in the ocean , long looping athletic stroke . ext . pool and patio - gekko' bridgehampton house - day they be finish lunch by the pool frame by a lush flower garden where kate and son rudy play . harold salt , gekko 's chief lawyer , thick glass , smart eye and bag of worry that could only come from watch other people 's money , look very city - like in he clothing , examine he paperwork before pass it to Bud , who be the picture of relaxation . harold ... you understand Mr. gekko be constantly barrage with nuisance litigation and IRS audit . bud ( nod ) of course . harold ... so it 's in both we interest to put a safe distance between you and we ... ( pass a document with a 2nd pen ) ... this give you limited power of attorney for Mr. gekko 's account . every trade you make be at you discretion . every ticket you buy must be mark " power of attorney . " that mean you call the shot and Mr. gekko have no official knowledge of what stock you be buy . sign here and here ... buddy look , then up to gekko , who smile , casual . gekko ... just the beginning , sport , just the begine ... Bud smile , sign . harold ( a worrier ) ... you understand if any problem arise , you be out there on you own . the trail stop with you ... bud all 's fair in love and war . gekko the art of which be deception . spread the buy order through different account and you will not get burn ... bud I think I get some friend that will not mind make some easy money ... as kate drift over with rudy and the french au pair girl , nicole . gekko rudy , vien ici , dit bonjour a monsieur Bud . rudy either say " no ! " or " bonjour monsieur Bud ! ' depend on the mood of the kid . Gordon sweeping he up and play with he . the kid squeal with glee . gekko ( proudly ) already speak a little french , kid get the high score on he iq test . kate ( to darien ) ... it 's so tough to get into a good nursery school now . they even visit you home to make sure you painting and furnishings be acceptable . bud what 's it cost this day ? kate $ 5,000 just for the tuition ... plus the book and supplies ... ( with a look to Gordon ) ... some parent even have bodyguard . it 's not a bad idea ... ( pick up rudy ) ... now that 's it for you with the grow - up young man . as rudy smashes the strawberry around he face and resist go . " no! no ! " kate exasperate give the child to Nicole . kate Nicole , take he for a nap , please . nicole he do not nap anymore , Madame . it 's be ... kate ( stung ) then play with he till he get tired . we be go out tonight but we like to see he at , let 's see , six ; give he a bath and put that cute little black suit on he ... ( to Bud and Gordon ) Black clothes be the newest thing , so chic and milk stain , carrot juice stain just do not show up . kid -- boy , can they take it out of you ! Nicole 's " oui , Madame " be lose in the wrestle match she go through to drag he out scream . kate walk off . harold give buddy another piece of paper ... harold this be a contact at one of we bank . on settlement day you will open a account there for Mr. gekko under the name of geneva , roth holding Corp . then you will wire transfer the money to this account in the Cayman Islands ... gekko ( rise , finish with lunch ) think about incorporate yourself there , Bud , harold will take care of it for you . ( with a look to harold ) ... at a reasonable fee . you be gonna make a lot of money now Bud ... stake be gonna go up , no mistake ... bud ... piece of cake , Gordon ... ext . beachfront - day the camera glide off some fishermen haul they catch off they beach boat to darien who come tromping out of the surf , water glisten off she lean athletic body . Bud stand before she , cool seductive eye , hold out a towel . she step up to he and smile inscrutably . take the towel from he , drying herself , instead . darien ( gaze at the beach ) if I could have anything ... this would almost do . bud yeah , almost ... look at she , stifles he think . darien ( teasing ) so , how do you conference go with Gordon ? bud the conference , oh yeah . Fine . we reach a agreement and decide to divide up the world between we . darien ( laugh ) you have modest want . I like that in a man . bud and what do you want ? darien ...a Turner , a perfect canary diaiaond ... a lear jet ... world peace ... the best of everything ... bud well , why stop at that ? darien I do not . bud ( have to smile ) you be not trouble by any chance . be you ? she look at he , toss the towel over she shoulder and start back toward the house . buddy watch she go . int . HOTEL ballroom - day the annual teldar Paper stockholder ' meeting be in session : 400 stockholder be there -- many middle age and older , one bag lady . cromwell sit on a elevate platform at the front of the room surround by a army of bulky executive , none of they weigh less than 200 pound , accountants and lawyer . gekko in contrast seem like Robin Hood seat with Alex , harold , Bud and the other stockholder . cromwell be deliver he prepare attack on gekko in a highly sarcastic , gruff manner . cromwell ... you company , lady and gentleman , be under siege from Gordon gekko . teldar Paper be now leverage to the hilt , like some piss poor South american country ... instead of use we cash to build plant , build we business , all this man really want be to get pay to withdraw he tender offer and that will cost we approximately another $ 200 million in greenmail which will be pass on to the consumer ... gekko seethe , jump up . gekko where do you get off speak about I like that , make remark to the press , I resent this remark , I demand the right to speak . cromwell sit down , sir , you be out of order , have not you do enough damage to teldar as it be ?... have you no sense of decency ? ( to shareholder ) how can you management ... gekko be urge to sit down by he people but we hear various catcall , " let the man speak ! " " sit down , gekko ! " cromwell ( cont 'd ) ... concentrate on long term growth when we be busy fight the get - rich-quick , short term profit , slot machine mentality of Wall Street when we should be fight Japan ! the original fundamental reason for Wall Street be to capitalize american business , underwrite new business , build company , build America . the " deal " have now succeed goods and service as America 's gross national product and in the process , we be undermine we foundation . this cancer be call " greed " . greed and speculation have replace long - term investment . corporation be be take apart like erector set , without any consideration of the public good . I strongly recommend you to see through Mr. gekko 's shameless intention here to strip this company and severely penalize the stockholder . I strongly recommend you to reject he tender by voting for management 's restructure of the stock . CUT to : gekko be now at floor level with a microphone . he 's calmer , make he pitch to the stockholder , look up at the management . gekko ... I appreciate the chance you be give I , Mr. cromwell , as the single large stockholder in teldar , to speak . ( get some laughter and applause , loosen ) on the way here today I see a bumper sticker . it say , " life be a bitch ... then you die " . ( get another laugh ) ... well lady and gentleman , we be not here to indulge in fantasy , but in political and economic reality . America have become a second rate power . we trade deficit and fiscal deficit be at nightmare proportion . in the day of the ' free market ' when we country be a top industrial power , there be accountability to the shareholder . the carnegy , the mellon , the man who build this industrial empire , make sure of it because it be they money at stake . today management have no stake in the company . altogether this guy sit up there own a total of less than 3 % and where do Mr. cromwell put he million dollar salary ? certainly not in teldar stock , he own less than 1 % . you own teldar Paper , the stockholder , and you be be royally screw over by this bureaucrat with they steak lunch , golf and hunt trip , corporate jet , and golden parachute ! teldar Paper have 33 different vice president each earning over $ 200,000 a year . I spend two month analyze what this guy do and I still can not figure it out . ( a big laugh ) cromwell be piss . cromwell this be a outrage gekko ! you be full of shit ! gekko one thing I do know be this paper company lose $ 110 million last year , and I would bet half of that be in the paperwork go back and forth between all the vice president ... ( increase laughter , he 's get they ) the new law of evolution in corporate America seem to be ' survival of the unfittest ' . well in my book , you either do it right or you get eliminate . teldar Paper be doom to fail . its diversification into casualty insurance have not work . its crown jewel be its tree , the rest be dross . through war , depression , inflation and deterioration of paper money , tree have always keep they value , but teldar be chopping they all down . forest be perishable , forest rights be as important as human rights to this planet , and all the illusory maginot line , scorched earth tactic , proxy fight , poison pill , etc. that Mr. cromwell be go to come up with to prevent people like I from buy teldar Paper be doom to fail because the bottom line , lady and gentleman , as you very well know , be the only way to stay strong be to create value , that 's why you buy stock , to have it go up . if there 's any other reason , I have never hear it . ( laughter ) that 's all I be say ... it 's you people who own this company , not they , they work for you and they have do a lousy job of it . get rid of they fast , before you all get sick and die . I may be a opportunist , but if this clown do a better job , I would be out of work . in the last seven deal I have be in , there be 2.3 million stockholder that actually make a pretax profit of $ 12 billion . when I buy the ixtlan Corporation it be in the exact same position teldar be today -- I turn three of its company private and I sell four other -- and each of this company , liberated from the suffer conglomerate have prosper . I be not a destroyer of company , I be a liberator of they . the point be , lady and gentleman , greed be good . greed work , greed be right . greed clarifies , cut through , and capture the essence of the evolutionary spirit . greed in all its form , greed for life , money , love , knowledge , have mark the upward surge of mankind -- and greed , mark my word -- will save not only teldar Paper but that other malfunction corporation call the USA ... thank you . much applause as he sit . now a stand ovation ; shout of approval . cromwell know he have lose the day , try to continue the meeting by call for " order " . Bud watch , impressed . int . bud office - day broker mill at they desk quietly . Bud enter , notice immediately the uneasy silence . his eye go to Lynch 's office ... across the window , he 's talk to a very somber Dan steeples . bud what 's go on ? marv ( look in the same direction ) Lynch be give he the boot ... he 's not pull he quota . Bud 's soft " no " match by that second , tighter look . his Pov -- closer on the glass ... Dan steeples plead for he job ... we know the thing he 's say , we have hear they before ... just one more chance , Mr. Lynch ... Lynch shaking he head ... marv ( remind he ) ... we be all just one trade away from humility , buddy ... Dan steeples step out of the office , obviously close to tear but try to maintain face ... buddy 's eye dart away , not want to deal with it . Dan steeples walk by he as Lynch , on the loudspeaker , start he morning announcement . lynch New research report on GM and a conference call on defense stock at my office at 11 . no rsvp require , just be there . and on a inspiring note I be pleased to announce the new office record for a single month 's gross commission go to Bud Fox . who more than double the old mark . Way to go bud. Super job ! come on up here . as Dan rickey pass he during this , Bud catch a glimpse of the older man 's eye . Dan try to look brave . head turn to Bud with awe and envy ... marv congrat buddy buddy , you just make my life twice as hard around here ... Bud move toward Lynch , past Lou mannheim . mannheim you be on a roll kiddo . enjoy it while it last -- ' cause it never do . bud ( cocky ) ... just kickin ' ass and take name , Mr. mannheim . Bud pass Charlie cush , yawn on the phone as usual . charlie so whaddaya say pal , wanna play some double at pipe ? meet the membership ? I get a little blonde name Mandy , about nineteen , avec cafe au lait boob ... she 's mine but she 's get a cousin who have great muffins . bud ... sound dubious Chuck , but pipe rock any day . Chuck laugh , Bud 's " in " now . Lynch indicate for Bud to follow he into a outer glass - enclose office . lynch come in , Bud ... int . bud be new office - day neatly furnish , with a window overlook Wall Street , and attractive chinese secretary filing papers into a cabinet . lynch ( point ) congratulation . this be yours now ... you own file cabinet ... a window ... you private secretary , Janet , ( under he breath ) significantly more attractive . janet Nice to meet you , Mr. Fox . she smile at Bud , who heave a sigh of relief , notice he name plate on the desk . bud ( thrilled ) thank you , Janet ... thank you , Mr. Lynch . lynch no , thank you . I know the minute I laid eye on you , you have what it take Bud . just keep it go . he wink and leave . Charlie cush come in , marv stick he head in the doorway , a grudge smile . marv so , its mister Fox now . int . condominium apartment - upper east side - day a splendid four-room thirtieth floor aerie overlook Central Park . sylvie drimmer , anchore down with jewelry and a large fur purse , show Bud around . sylvie ... everybody tell ya they hate the Upper East side and they wanna live on the West side but honey when it come to resale time , believe I the East side 's the one that always move . what do you get on the West side ? ( contemptuously ) madonna and Sean ?... between sly and billy and Christie , I have show every apartment on the Upper East side . everybody life here ... Mick , gloria and Barbara wa - wa . even klaus von bulow busy he fresh fruit from the Korean on madison . it 's so expensive and it 's just like the one on eighth Avenue but it 's a attitude be all , you pay for attitude ( point to a walk - in closet ) ... two walk - in closet ... upstairs on the roof you lot a health club ... massage , sauna , jacuzzi , sunlight , best school in the city , cute boy like you gotta think of a ladyfriend when you be finish wolfing around -- ( ' course I be take ) ... oak strip floor ... my husband can get you a 10 % mortgage ... I would do it myself if we be not into four other deal already ...so ?... ( beat ) I get a four o'clock and a five ... one of they 's a all - cash type , monique something or other ... I guarantee you this place be history tomorrow ... Bud look around . the city at he foot . lose in think . sylvie have to call he out of it : " honey ? -- the meter 's run . anybody home ? " bud all right . offer 950 ... sylvie try to play it cool , she expression convey a somewhat stunne look at the speed and certainty of the response . sylvie ... I think you gotta deal , honey ... you sure you do not wanna see somethin' I get on sutton place . it 's a million and a half but ... bud Nah ... this be it ..home ... look it over , proud . interior decorate montage the music be gear to speed , money , triumph and just plain material fun . int . bud condo - day / night in its first stage , darien supervise . it 's expanse of white wall devoid of moulding , a blank plaster canvas . the city view be great , the apartment identical to hundred of other cookie cutter condo . several young artist be work on a neo-classical mural on the long side of the live room . they be colorfully dress , listen to a talking head tape while they work . a carpenter who look like a member of Duran Duran be install a pair of old column from urban archaeology on either side of the entrance to the live room while another fit a brass sink into a antique sideboard which have be turn into a bar . int . bud condo - day / night interior decorate montage - second stage live room furniture arrive . a fantail shrimp chaise from Art Furniture 's " Sushi Collection " arrive , along with a enormous sofa encase in a ecru linen slipcover make deliberately baggy and tie on with row of self bow on each end , several faux etruscan pot wire up as lamp , a pour concrete coffee table that look like it come from pompeii , and a hand - paint floor cloth instead of a rug for the bleach floor with the stencill border ... darien sit in a fantastical adirondack chair make from gnarled branch , amused by Bud 's reaction to the furniture . third stage . the kitchen have the latest compact computer dishwasher and compact microwave , garbage compactor , and sink with infrared control ... a brief food montage give we a sense of the modernist approach to food and its preparation : 1 ) darien hone the knife on the electric knife sharpener as 2 ) Bud use a stainless steel cape cod oyster opener to work on two dozen oyster ... 3 ) at the same time work on the automatic vinaigrette mixer , the phone ringing to the tune of mozart 's " Jupiter " ... bud ( pick it up ) yes ...no ...at 37 1 / 2 . convert the bond right ... and check the price in Tokyo at 8:00 LA time . thanks ... 4 ) as he start he pasta sauce flame a he o'reilly fat - free grill with a flexible neck fire starter ... 5 ) a freshly heat roll pop out of a hang space - save toaster , as darien work the electric pasta maker while melting the freeze ice cream carton in the microwave . 6 ) Bud manage to sneak a kiss a she lip hum the bar from verdi 's " rigoletto " as he work the piece de la resistance -- the automatic sushi maker ... 7 ) dinner be finally serve on a demolish dinner table . Red wine , pasta , sushi ... it look perfect , light by candlelight , the view of the city below . darien ... be not it perfect ! bud ... too perfect ... let 's not even eat . let 's just watch it and think about it . ( pause ) FOURTH stage - int . bud condo - day Bud go over a stack of bill with something approach concern as the gothic oak refectory table which seat 20 be carry in , follow by a Jean Michel basquiat feature a skull on a rough board . darien instruct the mover to place a important pair of satinwood Art Deco armchair upholster in buttery suede ( last Saturday 's auction purchase for $ 20,000 ) at either end of the titanic sofa . no vestige be leave of the cookie cutter space we first see . wall have be remove , moulding and architectural find object add , imitation rare wood , marble and frescos have be create from nothing by the magic hand of the tromp l'oeil crew . the point be , decorate can transform . int . condo - night the look of the place be evocative of ancient time , yet sumptuous . darien and Bud sink into the bale of down in the sofa and be dwarf . she rest she head on a hand stencill velvet venetian throw pillow , look like a pre-raphaelite madonna . a terracotta pot with a spray of white phaleonopsis grace the coffee table . as the sun set over the canyon of highrise , Bud walk around he new home totally in awe . this apartment , perfect in its restrain taste with all the " correct " flower and object , have nothing to do with he . perhaps he can understand the state - of - the- art kitchen , the computerize telephone , stereo and light system , but he need a set of instruction just to be able to switch on David letterman . this apartment be darien 's fantasy , and Bud be merely the incidental client who pay for it . most importantly to she , it be ready to be photograph by House and Garden . bud ( dubiously look at a rough plaster wall of fade fresco ) you know , the elevator man could not believe I pay $ 300000 to have my wall look like this , he 's get they for free in Brooklyn . darien I will bet he 's get a opinion on the stock market too . this apartment be already ahead of its time . I call it the " demolish " look . they have already hear about it at House and Garden and they be come next week to photograph it before it get ... live in . be that alright ? I would love to have it in my portfolio . bud sure ... but you fee ... consider you be way over budget , should be negotiable . as he nuzzle she neck , she feel threaten , stop . darien let 's get thing straight , Bud . I be not go to take a cut . I work hard and you can not decorate a room in New York for less than $ 100,000 . curtain alone ... bud I be kid , I be kid , we be still young , darien . so what 's money anyway when everybody 's make it , it 's all relative . after all , this be not the house in Connecticut , this be just a crash pad good for a couple of year ... before we slip we two lovely kid , yuppie and fruppie into the lycee francaise . darien you get it all chart out do not you , like a stock projection . bud that 's right -- one with high yield , rich asset and no downside ... as the kiss grow , he hand move into she nether region . she look at he , sober . darien do you think you be ready ? bud it 's not I I be worried about ... you know darien , the only reason we have not sleep together be because we both know we will -- and not know when be the only surprise leave . you owe I , I want you , what else be there ... but you , I , the world . ( he fold back she palm in he ) ... right here ... make love to I ...now ... ( more kissing ) stop I if I be go too far . darien I will let you know . int . bud condo - bedroom - night Bud make love to darien . camara close on they . her face -- from he point of view . her smile . his face -- look down . cover with sweat and passion . bud be this real ? be this really real ? ext . bud condo - terrace - night Bud walk out alone in he blue bathrobe on he parapet overlook Central Park . the wind stir he hair . the East and West side of the park wrap the city in a diamond necklace of brilliant light . Bud stare down at the world . he have it all now . the money . the girl . the magic palace apartment . what more be there ? something ... because Bud suddenly throw a wrenching dislocate look into himself that make we wonder as he brushes he hand across he face and mutter to himself . bud who be I ? there be no ready answer . as he finally turn and go back inside and close the door . int . bud bedroom - night darien lie curl in the bed , eye open , look at he . darien come to bed , Bud ... ext . phone booth - south STREET seaport - twilight cocktail hour in the background , yuppy try to score for the weekend . Bud on the phone , strain look transform to a bright , upbeat personality as the phone be answer . bud dixon ! it 's you lucky day ! that 's right . I want to give you some stock and you do not have to put up a penny ... intercut : ext . cabin - aspen colorado - day a small cabin in the mountain . int . cabin - aspen colorado - day Whole earth furnishings . dixon , a long-haire ski bum dropout listen skeptically . dixon sure , and I be never gonna die either , be this one of you chain letter scheme or do I gotta buy a door to door cosmetic franchise in Northern Arkansas ? ext . phone booth - south STREET seaport - twilight bud no , no dixon , my client want to buy a large , large block of stock and need to spread it around . I will park some money in you account and if it hit , you get a big cut . I be tell you , this be the easiest money you ever make ... int . roger barne ' office - day Roger listen on the phone . bud ( off ) ... and you do not have to put up a dime , Roger . roger ( tentatively ) all right , Bud ... let 's do it . a look on he face . as if he know he 's make a fatal mistake . int . bud office - day bud ( on the phone ) ... it 's easy Jack ! on settlement day , you endorse a check to Blue horseshoe Trading company . then I send you you cut . marv wave across the glass partition and knock . but Bud wave he off , close the blind . bud ( cont 'd ) ... that 's the bottom line . and nobody get hurt . marv now walk it , exasperate . marv ... thing be so bad , even the liar be complain . and you be make money . so what give ? what 's the bottom line ? as he try to peak at Bud 's quotron screen , but Bud flick it off , piss . bud hey , I be tired of play nurse to you all the time , alright . do you own home work ! marvin abruptly walk out , " asshole ! " . Bud book the order for Morning Star Corp -- msc -- 50,000 June option . int . american stock exchange - later that day the company floor manager get Bud 's order , hand a ticket to a runner who dash off across the exchange floor , and over to a trader who start to execute the order . close on the broad tape . as Bud 's large buy order flicker across it -- msc -- 50,000 June option . int . american stock exchange - s.e.c. option watch office - day a clerk sit before a computer routinely tracking all of the exchange floor trading . he run a check on a transaction . Computer screen -- the same number and letter be see that just flicker across the broad tape ... Bud 's buy . the clerk swivel he chair to a second computer and punch up data . a man appear behind he , lean over he shoulder , and wear a id badge . the clerk vacate he seat to the man with the badge , who now take over . int . bud condo - night Bud be in silk boxer on the phone , number crunching on the computer , foot pound to a music beat on the stereo , while he telex spew out overnight currency data . darien in the background lie in bed in panty read vogue . bud ( into the phone ) buy I 20 June Euro dollar CD . twenty March gold and sell 10 September deutsch mark . that 's right ... he hang up , back to the computer a grow look of excitement and revelation in he eye . on the computer screen we see a break up of bluestar Airlines -- its asset and liability . Bud hit the command key , printing it out . he 's exuberant . bud Bud , I hate to tell you this but you be a genius ! ( to darien ) darien ... lightning have strike ! the lightbulb have be invent . Edison , Da vinci , Einstein be watch ... darien ( grumpy ) ... be you go to trade all night again ? you get to go to work in a couple of hour . bud you think I be gonna broker the rest of my life ... I be go to be a giant , darien , a entrepreneur in the italian 15th century sense of the word -- a mover , shaker . Bud dance over to the bed turn the stereo down on he way . bud I love you , baby . do I tell you that sometime in the last 24 hour ? darien get in bed . y'ever hear of the sixty hour work week ? you be turn into a yuppie frankenstein , you love money so much . Bud grab a bottle of ferrier off the night table and drink . bud sure , why not , money 's the sex of the 80' . I never have it like you when I be grow up , baby , it be not the upper east side . darien you be so naive Bud , you do not even know . you dad take care of you . I might have be rich when I be a kid ... but my father lose all he money ... in the seventies , in the stock market , at the track . he be a lousy gambler ... bud ( teasing ) ... that change all my plan , I think you be load ... darien ( laugh woefully ) so do I , till I hit 19 and find I have all the royal habit and no throne . Mom get by but I have to go to work just like you . only the skill I have be shopping and make friend . so ... that 's why I do what I do , what make you tick , buddy ? bud fear . the fear of be poor I guess , just like you , darien ... but that 's all gonna change sweetheart . I be catch the express ... ( make love to she ) ... and you be go along for the ride . int . gekko' private plane ( gulfstream - 4 ) - day a salon interior . gekko on a couch read , with eyeglass , a stack of financial report . Alex be on the phone , Susan , and other accompany the caravan on a business trip . Bud be excited . bud ... bluestar 's a unpolish gem , Gordon , right out of the garbage . a half ass management be decimate by a price war they can not win . but the gate at LaGuardia alone can bail we out , it 's worth 25 buck a share if it 's worth a dime ! they be ripe to fall . gekko , the poker player , have not see enough card . gekko mix emotion , buddy : like Larry wildman go off a cliff in my new maserati . Men as smart as myself have get they ass hand to they on a sling with the airline , fuel could go up , union be killer ... bud yeah be not you forget something Gordon : rule one , capital reserve . this company have $ 75 million cash in a overfund pension . that busy we a lot of credibility ... ( Gordon look up , interested ) ... and the beauty be you already own close to two percent of this sucker ... alex ( interrupt , on the phone ) Gordon , the insurance people be balk on the log truck ... gekko tell that spineless toad we will self - insure if they do not write it ... you fire 33 vice president and nothing change ... ( back to Bud ) you eat twinky today , Bud , or be you schtupping some stewardess ... bud ( deadly serious ) Gordon what I want -- and I never ask you for anything -- be to be you co- pilot on this . I want to take this airline , turn it around , and make it work . it 's gonna make we a fortune ! gekko ( to Susan ) I be talk to a stockbroker who want to run a airline . it 's gonna take I two year and 2000 headache to turn teldar Paper around , what do I need this dink airline for ? I be up to my ass in more nut than a fruitcake . bud Gordon , I work at bluestar , I know my way around , I have friend there ... inside . gekko ( get the drift ) what do that mean ? bud ( play out he ace ) the three union . it 's 43 % of bluestar 's operate budget , the hourly cost of a flight crew be $ 850 a hour , that 's the real hide value g.g. , if you can negotiate that out , get a crew down to $ 350 - 400 a hour a run , this airline be gonna be the hot thing since Texas Air ... gekko what make you think you can ? bud I can talk to this people Gordon , they trust I ... and my father can be a big help in get cut . gekko ( pause ) alright ... Susan , get Buckingham on the box . I want he to look at it . and tell jock Taylor at thwick , Jensen ... ( smile wickedly , back to Bud ) so sport , the falcon have hear the falconer ... tell I more ... int . bud apartment - night Bud , in high gear , all smile , expensive armani suit , open the door . his father stand before he , look like a man on he way to the dentist . bud dad , well come on in . everybody 's here . we could not start the show without you . Wide -ey , Carl follow Bud through the foyer , take in the furnishings , painting , antique . carl ( under he breath ) well I will be a lousy Republican . darien ( overhear he ) I decorate for Democrats too , lot of they . ( she extend she hand and give he a warm smile ) I be darien Taylor . carl ( sardonically ) I know . you be one of the art work that go with the apartment . ( soften a little ) pretty creative . do not look anything like the place my son buy a few month age . darien listen , I hope you will come here often , and under less formal circumstance . halfway win over Carl enter the live room where darien have set up a table with miniature gourmet pizza , etc . the atmosphere be strain , the camp separate . gekko stand by the bar , confer with he lawyer , harold Salt . darien walk over to the couch with drink for the ixtax Union rep : duncan wilmore , alpa leader , a rugge silver - haire uniform pilot ; toni carpenter , afa rep , hard look , 40ish flight attendant . bud dad , you know Duncan wilmore , pilot 's union , and Toni carpenter , flight attendant ... carl I meet they before you be bear . they exchange nod . bud and I would like to introduce you to Mr. gekko , and he lawyer , Mr. Salt . gekko a pleasure to meet you , Mr. Fox . Carl stare at gekko , size he up . gekko I would be proud to have a son like Bud . he 's get a great future ahead of he . Carl look to he fellow union representative , then to gekko . carl ( gesture at Salt ) I think this be a informal meeting . what 's he do here ? gekko ( dismiss he ) harold , you do not mind strolling around the block a couple hundred time , do you ? harold ( look at he watch ) of course ... Salt gather he jacket to leave , as gekko and Carl eye one another , tentatively . darien ... please help yourselves to some food ... CUT to : the food be half consume . gekko address the union leader . gekko look , I have no illusion about win a popularity contest with any of you . I be roast the other night , and a friend of mine ask -- why be we honore this man- - have we run out of human being ? his joke break the ice ; they laugh , except for Carl . gekko ( cont 'd ) it 's not always the most popular guy who get the job do . you get loss of 20 to 30 million dollar , dividend cut to zero , you be get squeeze to death by the major . present management may not be the worst scum of the earth , but they be the one who have put you on a kamikaze course , and pretty soon everybody 's go to be scramble for the parachute . only there be not enough to go around . management have they . you do not . if they throw bluestar into chapter 11 -- which I think they will -- then they can use bankruptcy law to break you union and you contract and throw you guy off the property . we hear a loud crunching sound as Bud 's father bite into a roll , glaring at gekko . wilmore ( pilot ) with all due respect , Mr. gekko , what 's to prevent you from do the same thing ? gekko Cause I have a way around all this , a way we can all make money and make this airline profitable again . what do you say we cut to the chase . I be ask for a modest twenty percent across - the-board wage cut . Carl drop he fork on the plate . gekko go on . gekko and seven more hour a month . Toni carpenter and Duncan wilmore exchange questionable look . carpenter what kind of time frame be we talk about here ? gekko give I a year . if we be still lose money , the reduction stand . if however , we move into the black , I return part of the giveback , salaries go back to present level , and ... ( a beat ) we institute a employee profit share program with stock . you will own part of the airline . carpenter and wilmore react with surprise , it 's obvious they be not expect the profit share part . Bud smile at darien and look to he father , who examine a sushi roll before put it back . wilmore be you prepare to put that in write ? gekko I will have a letter of agreement draw up within two day . carpenter what 's you marketing strategy ? how do you plan to return we to profitability ? gekko why do not I give Bud a opportunity to answer that . darien and Carl turn to Bud , who put down he wine glass . bud thank you Mr. gekko . first of all I want you to know my door will always be open to you cause I know from my dad it 's you guy that keep bluestar fly . one -- modernize . we computer software be weak , we update it , we squeeze every dollar out of each seat and mile fly . you do not sell a seat to a guy for $ 89 when he 's willing to pay $ 389 . effective inventory management through computerization will increase we load factor by 5 to 20 % , that translate to approximately 50 to 200 million dollar in revenue ; the point be , we can beat the major at a price war . two -- advertise -- more , more , and aggressive , attack the major . Three -- expand we hub to Atlanta , North Carolina and Dallas , reorganize all we feeder schedule , think Big -- guy , we be go after the major ! the man be visibly shake by Bud 's determination . gekko ( look for reaction ) card be on the table . what do you think ? wilmore ( restrain , hopeful ) if you mean what you say , I think we be in the ball park . I will take it to my people . carpenter ( approvingly ) you have sketch some broad stroke . I would like to see the fine print . but so far so good . gekko look to Carl Fox who , put down knife and fork , break he silence . carl I guess if a man life long enough , he get to see everything . and I mean everything . what else do you have in you bag of trick , Mr. gekko ? Bud tense , look at he father . gekko ignore the innuendo and reply softly . gekko frankly , Carl , I can not see give much more . if you have any suggestion I will be glad to listen . carl there come into Egypt a pharoah who do not know . gekko ( smile ) I beg you pardon . be that a proverb ? carl ( smile ) no , it 's a prophecy . the rich have be do it to the poor since the beginning of time . the only difference between the pyramid and the Empire State Building be that the egyptian do not have union . ( look at wilmore and carpenter ) I know what this guy be about -- greed -- he 's in and out for the buck and he do not take prisoner . he do not give a damn about northstar or we ... bud now , wait a minute , dad ... gekko ( shrug , keep he composure ) sure . what 's worth do be worth do for money . it 's a bad bargain where nobody gain . and if this deal go through , we all gain . Carl throw down he napkin , rise from the chair , look at the other . carl ( look at Bud ) ' course my son do work three summer as a baggage handler and freight loader . with that qualification , why should I doubt he ability to run a airline ? there be freeze silence at the table . gekko Fine , if you do not want we , stay with the scum in present management -- dedicated to run you and bluestar into the ground . carl ... that " scum " build this company up from one plane in thirty year , they make something out of nothing , and if that 's a scum I will take one over a rat any day ... Carl turn and leave . Bud glance at gekko , read he pierce look . he hurry after he father . int . hallway - night Bud catch up to Carl , wait for the elevator , hammer he . bud ( seethe ) congratulation . you do a great job of embarrassing I in there -- not to mention yourself ! save the " worker of the world unite " speech for next time dad , I hear it too much grow up . you be gonna get axed dad , no two way about it , you and the whole airline be go down the tube , you hear I , just like braniff , you do not have a chance in hell , and if it be not gekko it 's gonna be some other killer . int . elevator - night Carl step into the elevator , Bud follow . carl he 's get you prick in he back pocket , son , and you be stand naked in the display window of macy 's . he 's use you . only you be too blind to see it . bud no , what I see be a jealous old machinist who can not stand that he son 's become more successful than himself . carl what you see , son , be a man who never measure success by the size of a man 's wallet . bud that 's because you never have the gut to go out into the world and stake you claim . carl ( lamentably ) Boy , if that 's what you think , I must have really screw up my job as a father . int . build lobby - night Bud and Carl exit the elevator and head across the luxury lobby . carl ( cont 'd ) ... as far as be axed , I be still here and as long as I be , I have a responsibility not just to I but to the union member I represent ... bud ( plead now ) you responsibility , dad , be to present the fact , not you opinion , to the man ... you be gonna destroy they life , dad ! do not do it to them . give it a chance . let the membership decide for themselves , dad . please . carl I will be damned that when my man come to I tomorrow morning , want to know what 's go on , I be go to lie to they ! bud you man ! all my life " you man " have be able to count on you ? why be it that you have never be there for I ? they head through the door , out onto the street . ext . build - night Bud follow Carl . bud and what if you be wrong ? what if one day , the sun do not rise in the East and bird do not fly South in winter and for once in you life you compass be off ? huh ? he grab Carl by the arm , stop he . bud ( cont 'd ) would you be willing to wreck you man 's future ? my future ? please ... dad . think . be practical , for a change . I be ask you , I be fuck begging you ... Bud let go of Carl 's arm . Carl look at he son , see the desperation . sadness and confusion take hold of he . carl I do not sleep with no whore and I do not wake up with no whore . that 's how I live with myself , buddy . I do not know how you do . ( a beat ) I hope I be wrong , I will let they decide for themselves , that much I promise you . he walk away . Bud watch he go , know he have win . int . bud office - day Bud , increasingly frazzle and determine , dark circle under he eye pace with the phone ... janet ( he secretary ) Mr. dixon brandt on 3 ... bud ( wearily switch over ) what 's up dixon ? ( stop , focus ) calm down ! what be you talk about ? intercut to : int . dixon be cabin - aspen colorado - day dixon , the rich man 's son and ski bum , be yell on the other end of the line . dixon ... this guy who say he be from the Security Exchange Commission , whatever the hell that be , call and want to ask I about that stock I buy ... bud ( nervous ) what would you tell he ? dixon I tell he I be in the bathroom and I would call he right back . what the hell be I suppose to say buddy , you get I into ... bud look dixon , calm down ! it 's not illegal to buy stock or to be right . and it 's not all that unusual to be spot check on a big buy . tell he you do you homework and you think the stock be a sound investment . dixon what if he ask where I get the money ? bud tell them you father give it to you . dixon what if they call he ? bud they will not . that 's not they jurisdiction . dixon you sure ? bud yes ! read the constitution , it 's all in there . and remember -- you do not know anything , nothing . dixon I do not know anything ! bud good . then call he back . and call I back . do not worry . he hang up , a worried expression , marv enter to break he concentration . marv hey you hear the news . I just get a job at a new firm : " dewey , cheat them and howe . " yuk yuk . bud ( icy ) do not I tell you to knock before you come in here ? marv hey the door be open . bud then get out and close it behind you . marv ( pause ) you know what you need , buddy buddy -- a optorectomy . that 's when they cut the nerve that run from you brain to you rectum - - to change that shitty attitude of yours . bud get the hell out ! marv slam the door on he way ... ext . federal build - downtown new york - day Long shot of the tower stone structure . a tall angular figure cross through the glass door with a bulky folder under he arm ... int . lobby - day the man flash he id to a security guard who buzze he through the gate ... he walk towards we and we see he be the familiar tall , baby - face investigator from the s.e.c. option watch Office ... he get in a elevator . int . s.e.c. investigation office - day he walk into the office of a chief investigator . a bald sharp - feature man in a drab suit with bag of hard work under he eye look up as the young investigator place the large file in front of he . int . roger barne ' office - day Bud enter , preoccupy . barne be nervous . bud so what 's the problem ? roger ( whisper ) ... get a strange call from the SEC . they ask to see my record ... Bud , this be a heavy ... bud ( shrug ) .... relax roget ( french pronunciation ) you be 82m in the account number and I be the invisible man ... they be always look for red flag , gekko 's always get check by they , they never come up with anything ... we be invulnerable on this ... roger alright ... I just wanna slow down Bud ... no more call for awhile , no lunch ... we suspend we business , alright ... bud sure Roger , whatever you want , it 's cool . a young lawyer pop he head in the room . lawyer rog , come on , bring the cost report . they start . ( exit ) roger ( stand , to Bud ) gekko ask we into the bluestar deal . we be review the timetable , wanna come ? bud ( surprised ) he never tell I ... roger you be just the President of the company , what do you know ? ... come on . as they walk out . int . conference room - day smoky , coffee cup and food . three lawyer , two investment banker , three commercial banker , sleeve roll up , tie askew . a blackboard with bluestar 's asset diagramm . a combat mood in the room . Bud walk in , feel vaguely worried , something be not quite right . roger you guy know the new chief of bluestar ... Bud Fox . they nod vaguely respectful but Bud 's obviously a figure head to they , take a seat off to the side . the bull - like investment banker , Vietnam vet , in shirt and suspender , be on the attack against the stuffier commercial banker . investment banker look guy , what 's the problem , let 's for the kill ... gekko 's get 12 % and climb plus the union be in he pocket for now , everybody on the street know the stock 's in play ( overlap voice : up 2 1 / 4 since the open ) by next week the street 's gonna own bluestar and management will not be able to do anything but poison they own pill . why be you guy dick around ? be the bank financing in place or be we gonna have more and more meeting ? we firm 's gonna guarantee 25 % of the total debt structure in long - term junk bond , now you guy either sign this piece of paper right now or we be gonna pull and head for another bank for the 75 ... commercial banker ( older man , appease ) ... look , we have 30 bank ready to participate in a 4 year revolve credit line but we have to have you assurance to pay back most of the loan in the first 6 month , and the only way ... investment banker ( intermittently interrupt ) ... 30 bank , be not that wonderful ... you get it , no problem . commercial banker ( insistent ) ... and the only way we can see this happen be liquidate the hangar and the plane . can you people guarantee that ? Bud freeze where he sit ... it all come crash down in a milli-second on that word " liquidate " -- shock now spread on Bud 's face ... investment banker guaranteed ! no sweat ... we already get the bleezburg brother line up to build condo where the hangar be , we can lay off the plane with Mexicana , who be dumb enough to buy them and Texas Air be drool at my kneecap to get the slot and the route . what 's the problem ? it 's do .. roger ( pass a paper to the commercial banker ) this be the pricetag on the 737 , the gate , the hangar , the route , we get it all nail right down to the typewriter ... Bud sit there numbly , a sicken feel take hold of he as the camera and music track and trap he tighter and tighter . the lawyer ' voice distorting in the background . investment banker ...' course the beauty of it be the overfund pension fund . gekko get the 75 million in there . fifty million busy he the minimum annuity for 6,000 employee and he walk away with the rest . all in , he will net 60 to 70 million . not bad for a month 's work . ( to Bud ) you man do he homework , Fox , you be gonna have the shortest executive career since the Pope who get poison ... now he will really start believe he 's " gekko the great . " int . reception area - gekko' office - day Bud walk intently past the receptionist and down the long white marble hall . int . natalie' desk - day Natalie be on the phone . Bud march past she desk . natalie yes , he want to change that appointment to ... ( cupping the receiver ) Bud -- you can not go in there . he 's in a meeting ! he ignore she and throw open gekko 's door . int . gekko' office - day gekko be talk with the lawyer and banker from the bluestar deal , as Bud barge in . gekko ( look up ) I do not know we have a meeting schedule for this morning . bud I be sorry , this can not wait . gekko stare at he with pierce eye . gekko will you gentleman excuse we for a few minute ? the lawyer and banker get up and discreetly leave the room . gekko wait for they to go , turn back to Bud . gekko what the hell do you want ? bud I find out about the garage sale down at bluestar . why ? gekko be take by surprise . gekko last night I read rudy the story of winnie the pooh and the honey pot . know what happen : he stick he nose in that honey pot once too often and get stung . bud maybe you ought to read he pinocchio . you tell I you be go to turn bluestar around . not upside down . you use I . gekko you be walk around blind without a cane , sport . a fool and he money be lucky to get together in the first place . bud why do you need to wreck this company ? gekko because it 's wreckable . I take another look and I change my mind . bud if this people lose they job , nowhere to go . my father work at bluestar for twenty - four year . I give them my word . gekko ( hard ) it 's all about buck , kid , the rest be conversation ... ( loosen ) Bud , you be still go to be president . and when the time come , you will parachute out a rich man . with the money you be go to make , you father will not have to work another day in he life . bud tell I , Gordon -- when do it all end ? how many yacht can you waterski behind ? how much be enough ? gekko buddy , it 's not a question of enough . it 's a zero sum game , sport . somebody win and somebody lose . money itself be not lose or make , it 's simply transfer from one perception to another . like magic . that painting cost $ 60,000 10 year ago . I could sell it today for $ 600,000 . the illusion have become real . and the more real it become , the more desperately they want it . capitalism at its finest . bud ( again ) how much be enough Gordon ? gekko the richest one percent of this country own half the country 's wealth : 5 trillion dollar . one third of that come from hard work , two third of it come from inheritance , interest on interest accumulation to widow and idiot son and what I do -- stock and real estate speculation . it 's bullshit . ninety percent of the american people have little or no net worth . I create nothing ; I own . we make the rule , buddy , the news , war , peace , famine , upheaval ; the cost of a paper clip . ( pick one up ) we pull the rabbit out of the hat while everybody else sit around they whole life wonder how we do it ... ( cross to Bud ) ... you be not naive enough to think we be live in a democracy be you , buddy ? it 's the free market . you be one of we now ... take advantage of it . you get the killer instinct , kid , stick with I . I get thing to teach you ... bud obviously ... as he put he arm around Bud , lead he to the door . gekko believe I , buddy , I be gonna discuss this with you at the right time . look , why do not you calm down and come to the apartment for dinner tonight . bring darien ... bud ( at the door , confuse , drain ) ... I can not make it tonight . gekko be you with I buddy ? at the door , a look of unmistakable power ... and danger . gekko I want you with I . ( wait ) bud I be with you Gordon ... he walk out the door , the misery he be in wash he brow . gekko ( to Natalie ) ... be another minute , Natalie . as he cross back to the coffee table and punch up a phone number . gekko this be Gordon gekko . now ... ( a beat , with control rage ) I want zip - lock mouth on bluestar , or I be gonna personally come down there and rip out you fuck throat ! ext . gekko office build - day Bud walk out , head up the street , absent amid the scurrying mid-day horde tear up the street for the loot inside . ext . bud condo - day darien approach , carry grocery , enter the building . int . bud condo - day Bud be slump on the couch , a spend bottle of tequila in front of he . outside the twilight be quicken into night , shadow , scurrying across the unlit room .... for the first time we see he suck on a cigarette . darien open the door and freeze , surveying the live room . a break vase on the carpet , a curtain rip off a window , a painting upend , a chair overturn , select but not frenzied damage ... darien Bud ?... what 's go on ? she put down the grocery bag , frighten . bud I have be play like a grand - piano - - by the master , gekko the great ... and today be the big crash . liquidation sale . he 's gonna carve bluestar into little piece and sell it all off ... darien register this , be pick up piece of the break vase . darien I be sorry . I be afraid something like this could happen . bud talk about be bent over the sink of life and be dry humped . I hand it to he on a silver platter . I tell my father and that people ... darien buddy , it 's not you fault , and it 's not you decision . bud ( evenly ) I be not gonna let it happen darien . she stop , light a cigarette , grow concern . darien do not cross Gordon . he will crush you . you have work hard to get where you be . if Gordon do not buy bluestar someone else will ; and who 's to say they will not do the same thing . bud at least I would not be pull the trigger . she sigh ... come over , try to shake some sense into he ! darien be you mad ! why be you do this ! we be so close , the town be go to be ours . do not throw away you future Bud ! bud I can stay with the brokerage firm . and you be do fine . we can survive without Gordon gekko . darien ( point ) I be not look to just survive . I have be do that all my life . bud ( get the drift ) what the hell 's that suppose to mean ? darien move out from he approximate circle , wrestle with what she want to say ... until she turn and say it . darien that if you make a enemy of Gordon gekko , I will not be there to stand by you . Bud be stunne ... and hurt . bud you really mean that ? ( lash out ) what would he promise you ? to take you public ? I guess without Gordon 's money and seal of approval , I be not such a hot investment anymore . you be just the best money can buy , darien ... darien you be not exactly pure Bud , you go after gekko with the same vengeance you go after I . look in the mirror before ... bud ( glaring at she ) I be look ... and I sure do not like what I see . she collect she thing and walk to the door . darien Fair enough ... but it 's not that simple , Bud . when I be down and have nothing , it be Gordon who help I . he get I all my client -- you among they ... ( snap she finger ) and he can take it away like that . ( a beat ) you may find out one day -- that when you have have money and lose it , it 's worse than never have have it at all . Bud step across to she in a rage . bud that 's bullshit ! step out that door , I be change the lock . she open the door sadden . darien you may not believe this Bud but I really do care for you . I think we could have make a good team ... but that 's how it go ... bud get the hell out ! she do . Bud stare at the close door , mute , numb , totally devastate .... the loss be not just darien , it be total ... he look at he face in the reflection of a wall mirror ... int . bud apartment - corridor - day wait for the elevator . darien also look at herself a beat in the hall mirror . she 's cry . then she steel herself and enter the elevator . int . bud condo - day the same realtor , sylvie drimmer , who sell he the place , be back . the phone be ringing , unanswer ... sylvie ... well , the market 's dead , hon , even the rich be bitching , nothing 's move except termite and cockroach , and with my commission be what it be ... bud ( cut she off ) save the rap , just sell it -- fast ! he 's in he sock , unshaven , smoking , he look like he 's be on a bender for the weekend . the phone stop ringing . he turn and walk into the bedroom , slamm the door behind he . int . bud office - day Bud walk in , a different , more serious look in he eye , purposeful . past carolyn and janet at the outer desk . they stop what they be do and look up at he surprised . carolyn Bud ! where you be the last two day ? bud ( ignore the tone in she voice ) ... Janet get my father on the phone and the two other union rep , urgent ... he notice she face , something 's wrong . janet you mom just call , Mr. Fox . you father ... he ... bud ( sense it ) what ! what happen ?! carolyn he have a heart attack , hon , but he 's okay , he 's at the hospital ... bud ( run out ) oh Christ ! int . bud be BMW - day Bud weaving fast through traffic . int . hospital - day Bud race past the nurse ' desk and down the hallway . ext . hospital room - day Bud 's mother be outside with dominick amato and another neighbor just visit , bring candy . bud ( lighting a cigarette ) Mom ! how be he ? mom ( shake ) ...he be complain about chest pain at work . next thing I know he collapse ... oh buddy , talk to he , he 's so stubborn . amato ( to Bud ) ... do not worry , he 's get another 20 year in he . he 's a tough ol ' nut , you dad ... int . hospital room - day the blind be draw . his dad lie there , tube down he nose , hook up to a iv unit and monitor . Bud come over . Carl , glassy - eye , significantly frailer , nod to he . it 's obvious that more damage be do than Bud expect . Mom come into the room with he , stand there . bud hiya dad ... ( sit , smile ) what be it ? Mom talk too much or be it she spaghetti ? I mean pasta ... ( Mom bring a handkerchief to she eye ) I tell you never to lift a 747 by yourself ... Carl , smile weakly , on pain killer . Bud pull out a cigarette . he fumble with it before put it away , try to keep a gruff tone between they . bud ... you even get I smoking now ... second one dad , you be push you luck , I guess you know that ... I guess you gotta pull through this one dad ... for mom , for I ... I guess I never tell you but ... I love you dad , I love you more than I ever. ( begin to weep ) ... I do not mean that thing I say to you ... you be a hero all the way dad , you be a rock ... the best . the word seem to come flow out of Bud as Carl 's eye fill with tear . bud ... and you be right about gekko . he 's one son of a bitch ... through and through . Carl stare at he , beginning to understand . bud ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna break up bluestar . Carl react violently in he eye but Bud soothes he ... in dead earnest , try to be deliberate and clear in he meaning . bud ( cont 'd ) ... but I gotta plan dad , it can work , I can save the airline , I know you get no reason to believe I but I want you to trust I ... I need to talk to the union ... can I speak for you ? Carl 's eye . bud ( cont 'd ) you word , not mine ... carl ( weakly ) you speak for I , son . int . auction room - day gekko and darien be seat together in the back row . darien look serious and distract in spite of all the excitement go on around she . it be the big spring impressionist sale and all the major player , or they representative be here . gekko be bid . gekko look over there sunshine . I be up against Richard feigen . he be on a roll , electric . as the price mount and surpass the two million dollar mark , gekko rise and walk down the side aisle to the front , never take he eye away from the auctioneer . he stand agressively , arm akimbo , in a nose to nose confrontation . auctioneer once , twice , three time . sold to Mr. Gordon gekko . ext . STREET in front of auction house - day they walk the sunny street , a jubilant gekko , savore he triumph , grab darien 's arm . gekko what do you say we go get a suite at the carlyle ? caviar ? Champagne ? celebrate , just like the old time Sunshine . darien ( indignantly ) that day be over , Gordon . they be over a long time ago . gekko ( condescendingly but pay little attention to the rebuff ) can not blame I for try . you look as beautiful as that painting I just buy . he pat she on the back in a preprietary fashion . gekko ( cont 'd ) ( mockingly ) so what 's the problem Sunshine ? you look like Black Thursday . bad case of puppy love ? darien ( indignant ) it 's not puppy love , Gordon . anyway , buddy and I be split up . gekko ( off hand ) sorry to hear that . I think the kid have stay power . darien it 's over you , Gordon . gekko ( cooly ) you tell he about we ? darien no , be you crazy ? and I do not want he ever to know . do you understand ?... she move close and take Gordon 's hand . darien ( cont 'd ) I want to ask you a big favor , Gordon . please drop the bluestar deal . gekko ( stroking she face ) now tell I , why would I want to do that ? darien because I do not want to see he hurt . gekko do not worry Sunshine . Bud and I have a little talk . we come to a understanding . ( take she hand paternally ) I want you to go back to he . soothe he . help keep he head straight . okay ? darien I can not ... and I will not . gekko come on , we both like buddy . but this bleed heart puppy love act be over the top ... it do not fit . darien maybe it do . do not patronize I Gordon . gekko you and I be the same , darien . we be smart enough not to buy into the oldest myth run : love ... a fiction create by people who get nothing to keep they from jump out of window . darien you be really twisted , Gordon . you be incapable of give to anybody because deep down inside you there 's a poverty that every last dollar in the world will not fill . gekko ooh ooh , tough talk from a scared little girl all wrap in a pretty grow - up package . do this mean you be ready to cut the umbilical cord and step out into the world on you own ? because , darien , if you be through with I , you be through with everything I be a part of . darien 's eye cloud over ... the look of a scared child be banish by she father . then ... darien I know ... but maybe , just maybe Gordon , I be good enough so I do not need you anymore . she walk away . int . mcgregor be bar - queen - day Bud be seat at a corner table with the bluestar union reps : Duncan wilmore , alpa leader and Toni carpenter , afa rep ; also jointed by machinist , dominick amato and charley dent , sit in for he father 's union . bud ... the stock 's at 19 1 / 4 and it 's go up . gekko figure by break up bluestar , it 's worth at least $ 30 a share . that mean he will buy up to 23 or 24 and still think he 's make money . wilmore how do you know that the stock be go to go up ? bud ( pointedly ) you really do not want to know any more than that , Mr. wilmore . let 's just say I have some friend . wilmore ( get he drift ) okay . what happen then ? bud when the stock hit 23 , you guy go to gekko and lower the boom . once he learn he have no union concession , he 's go to head for the hill . he will sell everything he 's get . carpenter yeah . but who 's go to buy then and what 's to prevent another shark from come along and devour we ? int . wildman build - fifth avenue apartment - day Bud , Duncan wilmore , Toni carpenter , dominick and charley , a unlikely look group in the plushness of the apartment lobby . bud we have a appointment to see Mr. wildman . int . wildman apartment - day lofty window overlook the Park , a impeccably - decorate apartment with coffee and roll laid out , a young aide quietly move around . Bud and the other be on sofa around the impose figure of wildman in a chair across . bud Sir lawrence , what would you say to own bluestar Airlines with union concession -- at $ 18 a share ... and in the process hang Gordon gekko out in the wind to twist .... ? Sir lawrence lean back in he chair , equably ... wildman I might be very interested , but why ? why you mate -- how would you get mix up with gekko ? he do not know the difference between raid and insider trading . I do . the SEC do . I hope you do ... bud let 's just say Mr. gekko and I have a conflict of interest . I want to see this airline work ... ( point to the document in front of wildman ) ... the figure here show it can . wildman ( to the other ) ... and you be prepare to take this large salary cut . wilmore ... we be . but we want a contract agreement -- iron-clad -- that if you buy it , you can not break it up . wildman ( hand behind he head ) I be still listen ... int . bud office - day Bud hurry in , past marv on the phone with a irate customer . marv well , if that 's how you feel -- the hell with you too . and strong letter to follow . he slam the phone down . bud you do not have to agree with I , marv ; but I think I have be a bit of a schmuck lately . ( beat , wait ) marv ( off the cuff ) I agree . go thou and sin no more . bud I want to make it up to you . bluestar , put all you client in it . marv ( animated , grab the phone ) thanks , buddy , buddy , I be back . say , buddy , that optorectomy do work wonder . Bud intersect Lou mannheim smoking a cigarette and have a hard time walk . bud bluestar , Mr. mannheim . put all you client in it . davl look gravely at Bud . mannheim I do not know where you get you information , son , but I do not like it . the only reason I be gonna do it be ... I need the money , that 's the problem with money -- it make you do thing you do not want to do . Bud hear he , walk on ... marv ( into phone ) miss Bloom , marvin . you get cancer in you portfolio , but I get the cure ... bluestar Airlines ... int . bud office - day Bud on the phone , check he quotron . bud listen I need a favor and it 's a quick scalp for you . two hundred thousand at 19 1 / 2 ; can you position it in one of you equity fund ? janet ( voicebox ) ... call wait on 7 . bud hold on ... ( switch over , hushed ) ... listen " blue horseshoe love bluestar Airlines " ... immediately go back to the other line . int . the wall STREET journal office - day the reporter , who Bud anonymously call on the earlier anacott steel buy , hang up . he rise from he desk and cross the busy news floor , over to he editor . wsj reporter bluestar 's in play . int . new york stock exchange - day a runner dash up to the bluestar airline post , where a heat crowd be gather , amidst heavy trading . he elbow he way over to a trader , hand he the ticket . the trader hold up the buy order , scream , make frantic hand signal , in search of a seller . face in the crowd look up at the broad tape . camera tilt to : bluestar ( bst ) , the stock quote flash across the broad tape --uptick to 20 1/4. int . brokerage office - day marv , on the phone pitching , eye glue to the office tape -- as bst jump to 21 1/4. marv I love it ... I do love it so ! int . bud office - day the quotron now climb to 22 1/8! bud ( into phone ) yeah . I see it at 22 1 / 8 and I do not know what to make of it . int . gekko' office - day he pace on the other end of the phone , real anger show ; now Alex and Susan see in b.g. gekko the word 's out . you union buddy be talk . get I in at a 45 degree angle and I mean all the way in ! slash and burn , buy everything you can get up to 22 . then call I . when I get the sonofabitch who leak this I be gonna kill he ! I be gonna tear he eyeball out , I be gonna suck he skull !! as he glance at he quotron the stock tick up another 1/8th . int . bud office - day all the broker have jump into the action , avidly watch bluestar 's stock climb on the broad tape . Bud sweep into the room and look up at the board as the stock hit 22 7 / 8 . marv the stock 's go to Pluto ! bud start unload . marv sell ? bud now ! tell everyone to dump ! marv nod , and rush away . Bud cross past mannheim 's office . bud get out of bluestar ! in background marv be spread the word , broker frantically grab phone , call client to sell . int . gekko' office - day gekko look up from he quotron and shout to he troops on the phone . gekko who the hell 's out there ? what be the arb say ? it 's gotta be a big hitter . alex they do not know what 's go on ! susan everybody and he mother be buy ! Natalie enter the room , flustered . natalie Mr. gekko , there 's a whole bach of people from bluestar Airlines outside demand to see you . gekko what the hell do they want ? wilmore ( o.s. ) I would be happy to tell you . as Duncan , Toni carpenter , dominick amato , charley dent and several other assort union member march into the room . gekko be take by surprise , but stay calm . wilmore we know what you be up to , gekko , and let I tell you this from here , ( hit he heart ) you suck egg , mister , over my dead body you be not gonna break up bluestar . gekko you guy must know something nobody else know . if that be my plan , it 's the first I have hear of it . carpenter would you care to put that in write ? gekko I would like to remind you we already have a agreement , which I expect you to honor . wilmore well in that case , I hope you have you pilot 's license . amato do not worry , gekko , we would not let the engine fall out of the plane . carpenter ( regretfully ) but the reservation system can get awfully screw up , if we be not pay attention . charley dent and a lot of baggage head to St. Petersburg could easily find its way to Pittsburgh . gekko listen , you clown , there 's somebody else out there try to buy you airline , if you want to be pac-man and gobble by atilla the hun be my guest ! wilmore we will take we chance . ( tip he hat ) Nice to see you again , Mr. gekko . they file out of the room . the phone line have light up like a Christmas tree . Alex answer a call . alex ( to gekko ) Fox say bluestar just hit 23 . what do you want he to do ? gekko ( fractional pause , mad ) sell it all . ( then , evenly ) what the hell , so I will only make ten million . int . bud office - day Bud switch line from gekko to Larry wildman . bud gekko 's on the rope -- he 's try to sell , but there 's not many taker , the stock 's plummete . ext . wildman be yacht - day wildman be off the Long Island sound water in he boat lighting a cigar . two beautiful woman and a aide be with he . wildman well then ... guess I will have to carry he a few round before he drop . switch line , check he quotron ... wildman bluestar . do not make a big deal . buy it lightly on the way down . ( emphatically ) when it hit 18 -- buy it all . int . new york stock exchange floor - day wildman 's broker take the order with a curt " get it " and dash out of the cubicle over to the bluestar post where a chaotic crowd be gather , trader frantically scream to sell bluestar share . he look at the Big board -- see a xtr drop to 17 . when he raise he hand to buy , he be mobbed . dissolve to : the Big board ... a series of snappy dissolves accompany by lively music show the stock price fall to 16 1 / 2 ... int . gekko' office - day Alex , Ollie , Susan on the phone . ollie the arb be get kill . where would the buyer go ! alex ( worried ) we be be devoure , Gordon . harold Salt , walk on egg shell , look to gekko , who sit with the phone receiver crooked to he neck . harold there 's get to be a way out of this , Gordon . gekko ( livid , lose it ) yeah , harold , why do not you dial 911 . ( into the receiver ) Fox , where the hell be you ? I be lose million . ( a beat ) look , you get I into this airline , and you damn well better get I out . because if you do not the only job you be go to get on the Street be sweeping it ! you hear I , Fox -- intercut to : int . bud office - day Bud scribbling a order ticket , reply on the other end . bud ( hard ) you once tell I do not get emotional about stock . Gordon , do not . the bid be 17 and go down . as you broker , I advise you to take it . Bud move the phone away from he ear , at gekko 's cursing , and sign the ticket . bud ( urgent ) Gordon , it 's two minute to close . what do you want to do ?! decide . gekko ( a long beat ) dump it . Bud hang up and rush off with the ticket . int . gekko' den - new york apartment - twilight the 35 " television be on to : newscaster the big Wall Street story tonight be the roller coaster ride of bluestar Airlines . fuele by takeover rumor , the stock soar to a all - time high of 24 1 / 8 . then when contradictory rumor later surface that the takeover be unfounded , buyer go run for cover , and the stock plummete on gigantic volume to as low as 16 1 / 2 before close at 17 . camera discover gekko sit , grimly watch the report . rudy see riding he toy car in background . newscaster ... but then tonight , amidst all the scuttlebutt , another rumble shook ( a beat ) accord to many source , raider Sir lawrence wildman have step in and buy a substantial block of bluestar and be go to announce a deal tomorrow at 18 that include the support of the union . camera now track in close on gekko as he absorb the unexpected blow . o.s. rudy yell and squealing . gekko lean back , put the piece together , he eye narrowing into burn slit . he smashes the glass cocktail table with a massive paperweight as kate hear it , shocked . ext . wall STREET - morning people rush to work . Bud cross the street , he face bury in the Financial Times . insert : " sir lawrence wildman mount bluestar buy with union support " . satisfied , Bud fold the paper and head into he office building . int . bud office - day he walk past carolyn the receptionist who be strangely mute ... bud smile , carolyn , there 's justice in the world ... int . MAIN office - day he pass the chinese stocklady . she see he and manage to look away . marvin exchange a look with he but can not bring himself to talk . Bud wonder ... the whole office seem silent , the other broker steal glance . ... as he pass Lou mannheim with Charlie cush , who ignore Bud ... bud how 's it go Mr. mannheim ? get out of bluestar in time I hope ? mannheim stop , wind up . Bud impatient but polite . mannheim ( with gruff affection ) Bud I like you , just remember something . man look in the abyss , there 's nothing stare back at he . at that time a man find he character -- and that be what keep he out of the abyss ... ( a beat , look deeply ) bud I think I understand what you mean Mr. mannheim . but not really . as , on this increasingly strange morning , he move on past Janet who want to tell he something but he cut she off . bud get my father will you Janet ? int . bud office - day as Bud walk in , the camera glide to reveal the young SEC investigator , who have be tracking buddy , go through he file . a second man , patterson , be stand behind the desk use the phone as a bored - look 3rd man and policeman stand off to the side with Hieronymus Lynch , who give Bud a wither glance . patterson ( into phone ) he just come in . I will talk to you later . on Bud - -a strike - dumb look pass to resignation , as if for a long time now , he have be expect this . bud I guess you be not here to open a ira . patterson Mr Fox , I be Henry Patterson from the postal inspection service ... this be Evan morrissey with the Securities and Exchange investigation Office . ( present he id and indicate man 3 ) ... Mr. ebanhopper from the US Attorney 's Office . morrissey Mr. Fox , you be under arrest for conspiracy to commit security fraud and for violate the insider Trader 's sanction Act . the handcuffs come out . ext . sheepsmeadow - central park - twilight Long shot . activity be wind down , a few sunbather collect they blanket . a solitary figure stand on a hill silhouett by the sunset . a second figure appear on a footpath and start climb the hill towards the other man . gekko wait , expressionless ... Bud approach he . they stand face each other . gekko hello Bud . bud Gordon . gekko you sandbagge I on bluestar . ( smile ) I guess you think you teach the teacher a lesson , that you can make the tail wag the dog , huh ? Bud look away . gekko 's smile fade . gekko ( cont 'd ) well let I cue you in : the ice be melting under you foot sport ... without warning , he grab buddy roughly by the lapel and let out he inner rage with a series of smack and slap across he face . gekko ( cont 'd ) you think you could have get this far this fast with anybody else ? you think you could be out there dick somebody like darien ? no , you would be cold call dentist and widow to buy twenty share of some dog stock ! I take you in ! a nobody ! I open door for you !... I show you how the system work !... gekko slapping he harder and harder , buddy staggering with the blow , say nothing , not defend himself . gekko ( cont 'd ) ... the value of information ! how you get it ! anacott steel , brant resource , transuniversal , fulham oil . and this be how you pay back , you cockroach ! I give you darien , I give you you manhood . I give you everything . he backhand Bud across the face . Bud lie on the ground , spend , as be Gordon breathe hard . Bud get to he knee , blood stream from he nose , he suit muddy . passersby look on , wonder . gekko seem to relent , the rage go into hurt , remorse . he hand Bud a handkerchief . Bud staunches the flow of blood from he nose . gekko ( cont 'd ) ( softly , innocently ) you could have be one of the great one Bud ... I look at you and see myself ... why ? Bud look at Gordon , tear by mix emotion : the bond they share and the betrayal wringht . bud ( shake he head , thoughtfully ) I do not know . my dad once tell I , " money be something you need in case you do not die tomortow . " I guess I realize I be just Bud Fox . and as much as I want to be Gordon gekko -- I will always be Bud Fox . he look at Gordon , as if want to say more , but do not . in long shot , Gordon stand alone as Bud walk away . ext . tavern on the GREEN restaurant - evening the doorman look askance . Bud , mud-splatter suit and bloody nose , walk straight past he through the door . int . restaurant - night several well - heele diner look up from they haute cuisine , at the sight of Bud make he way toward the men' room . int . men' room - night tight on Bud , stare at he reflection in the mirror , as he unbutton he shirt , revealing adhesive tape swathed across he chest . camera pace back as he wince when ... morrissey and agostini , the two investigator , rip the tape off he chest , retrieve a small tape recorder . morrissey of the s.e.c. rewind the cassette . we hear gekko 's voice be play back on the tape , the mention of they deal . morrissey you do the right thing , Bud . Bud look searchingly in the mirror . faint clicking noise come up over the shot . int . bud office - day clicking of the Broad tape grow louder . Shots of Lou mannheim , Lynch , marv ; silently look up at the green fluorescent print-out . the tape -- the U.S. attorney' office today announced criminal charge against corporate raider gordon gekko and stock broker bud fox , for conspiracy to commit security fraud , tax evasion , violation of security act , and mail fraud ... dissolve to : int . carl fox be house - queen - day Carl , dress in a suit and tie , sit at the dining table , finish breakfast plate in front of he , refilling he coffee cup . Mom clear off the table , anxious ... as Bud walk in , wear a suit and tie . he look tired , beat , the eye lifeless , in a dark mood . mom ( disapprove ) ... do not wear that tie buddy , it ... she cut off on Bud 's look . carl another cup of coffee ? bud no , thanks , I be nervous enough . carl ( check he watch ) I guess it 's time to hit the road . bud yeah , do not want to be late for my own funeral . int . carl fox be sedan - lower manhattan - day driving towards the Federal courtroom in lower Manhattan . busy traffic all around . carl ( supportively ) ... you tell the truth , you give the money back . all thing consider -- in this cockamamie world -- you be shoot par ... mom ... you help save the airline and the people at the airline be gonna remember you for it . carl ... if I be you , I would think about that bluestar job wildman 's offer you ... bud dad , I be go to jail and you know it . carl ( shaking he head , sober ) maybe that 's the price , Bud , maybe so . it 's gonna be rough on you but maybe in some screw up way , that 's the best thing that can happen to you ... stop trading for the quick buck and go produce something with you life , create , do not live off the buy and sell of other ... mom ... you can do it , Bud , once you set you mind to something , I believe you can do anything in the world ... Bud stare ahead , register it . carl ( nod , then ) ... get any friend gonna be there ? as he pull the car into the curb . the Federal Building , in approach Pov , loom large before they . bud ( look around , ironic ) like who ? who really want to know a convict felon ... I do not even like myself . Carl know something Bud do not ... darien be stand there wait as they approach the main entrance ... Bud see she , suddenly stunne . his Pov -- ease along the curb . carl so , why do not you get out here and go in with you friend , I will park the car . try to be cool , okay ? a last look with he father . ext . curbside - federal build - lower manhattan - day Bud get out ... crossing to darien . a pause . darien ( nervous ) hi. bud why ? darien I figure a guy who 's make some mistake should be able to understand a girl who 's make some of she own ... Bud look at she , move closer , long and hope and happiness have return to he dull eye ... and forgiveness , the great of all . they embrace . Bud will never know about she past , nor need he . the camera leave they on a slant , circular crane , lift past the Federal Building to a panorama of Wall Street in all its icy magisterial splendor ... and thus end we tale . the end