wall STREET : money never sleep written by allan loeb a black screen onto which be write in white letter ... " when business in the United States underwent a contraction ... the Federal Reserve create more paper reserve . the excess credit spill over into the market trigger a fantastic speculative boom ... " ext . clinton correctional facility - day it 's a summer day . the heat float above the pavement . a cab wait in the lot . the large gate of New York 's large prison open and today 's group of newly release emerge . they pass a guard who lift up a copy of the USA today to reveal the headline and date that tell we it 's 2002 . amongst this group we find a man carry a small duffel . and we know this man . he be Gordon gekko . but he be not as slick as we remember ... he do not have that gleam in he eye or that gel in he hair . no , this be a very different version of the man we remember ... because now there 's nothing behind that eye ... nothing we can read anyway . and he just stand there ... coldly watch he recently freed brethren greet they wife and child ... reunite with the people who wait for they ... the people who love they . the cab slowly pull up and Gordon hold up a finger ... wait a minute . he glare over to the entrance of the lot ... wait for he people ... but they do not come . and the cab wait ... Gordon stand there ... in the heat ... completely disappointed ... and completely alone . and we ... slam back into as the white letter reappear on the screen ... " as a result ... the american economy collapse ... taken from a article about the pre-crash 1929 ... ... write by Alan Greenspan . " jacob ( v.o . ) it 's funny , the more we find ourselves slave of chance ... the more superstitious we become . 2 . slam into : a manhattan morning a gorgeous June Friday . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and that would make Andrew Zabel one superstitious motherfucker . find andrew zabel , mid 5as , shave - head and in good shape . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he start every day the same exact way . he would walk he dog then leave he gramercy Park condo at seven be on the dot . as Andrew leave 36 East gramercy Park East , a impressive building make of white stone . Andrew wear a suit and hold a umbrella . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and he would take a umbrella with he even when there be no chance of rain ... as Andrew head to a newsstand and throw the indian clerk a familiar nod . and without say a word , the clerk know exactly what to give he . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he would buy a journal , a tin of chocolate altoid and a cold bottle of Poland Springs water . 23rd ST subway station as Andrew bound down the stair and through the gate ... jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he have time it out so he would not have to wait more than three minute for the uptown five train . as Andrew emerge out to the platform and see the headlight from the 5 train come down the tunnel . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I guess you could say that day be like every other ... and as the train approach ... hold that Wall Street Journal ... the bottle of water and that tin of altoid ... jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) except for one thing ... ... Andrew Zabel simply step forward and fall onto the track . 3. and as the train slam into US ... darkness which hold for a uncomfortably long moment , then ... " money never sleep " grace the screen ... and we move down below the letter to find ... a chart now fill the screen . it 's of the Dow Jones industrial average . it 's for the year 2008 and it 's down to the right ... not good . a circle mark Friday June 13th . follow a blue line back three day and stop . another circle be now form and Matthew good 's " giant " ring out ... card : JUNE 6th 2008 ... 8 day earlier ... midtown open title ... the workplace throng ... listen to they ipod , check they blackberrys and sip they Starbucks . move with this throng , to the Matthew good tune , under the open title , past 745 seventh Avenue , the lehman Brothers building ... with that giant ticker that round the building posting Dow 12,579.76 -- + 119.86 and keep move ... all be normal in the financial center of the universe . land on a impressive modern building make of glass and steel then climb up it to the top ... to the penthouse office suite . and push in through the window to be in ... int . keller , zabel investment / andrew Zabel' office - day a impressive office with a 180 degree view of southern Manhattan . Zabel sit behind he desk . zabel go ahead , open it . and across from Andrew Zabel sit jacob L. moore ... who hold he bonus check . jacob really ? on the wall over Zabel 's shoulder run a electronic ticker with the major index and just one stock ... ticker kzi ... keller Zabel investment . 4. jacob ( cont 'd ) I think that because of the problem with the credi-- zabel screw the credit derivative desk , I do not understand half the shit they do anyway . Zabel force a smile . but Jacob can tell something 's wrong with he . jacob be you okay ? Zabel do not answer ... he just nod to the envelope . zabel open it . he open the envelope and look down at the check . $ 1,450,000 . and he can barely contain he excitement . jacob thank you . and we get a good look at Jacob now ... boyish feature that display humility with a trace of mischievousness throw in . he 's definitely sexy , definitely cerebral and definitely win . zabel I be proud of you , Jacob . and Jacob try to play it cool as he look up at the electronic ticker on the wall ... 12,592.46 -- +132.46 ... kzi $ 71.67 ... + $ 3.12 . close on a ring salesman ( v.o . ) princess cut , platinum band , five carat , completely colorless round center stone with a medium girdle and excellent polish . pull back to be in ... int . tiffany be - day Jacob inspect the ring then look up to the fey salesman . jacob yeah , it 's nice . but here 's the thing ... he look around the store for a moment , then ... 5 . jacob ( cont 'd ) I want to see the " fuck you " room . salesman the " fuck you " room ? jacob yes . the room where you sell I a fuck you ring for fuck you money . salesman the private client foyer . and with a big smile ... jacob what do I say ? int . jacob be apartment - night two bedroom in a Murray Hill high rise . Jacob watch Fox Business on he tv . a much nicer , much bigger , much flatter plasma sit against the wall under it wait to be install . a promo play for a magazine show be narrate by cody willard . cody willard ( on tv ) tomorrow night we explore the excess of hedge fund manager . different picture flash on the screen of private jet , massive mansion , expensive watch and wine . cody willard ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) whether they be spraying $ 5000 a bottle champagne at voile rouge in Saint - Tropez , order a $ 10,000 martini at the algonquian Hotel with a diamond on the bottom or eat a gold dust $ 175 hamburger at the Wall Street Burger shoppe ... now the flash be of some of the top hedge fund manager in the business that we will see later ... one of they be a man name bretton wood ... maybe we hold a little longer on he to get a good look ... mid 40s , good look and refine . cody willard ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) ... this cowboy of finance always seem to land on they foot . Jacob let out a little laugh and mute the tv . he grab the phone and make a call ... 6 . jacob ( into phone ) I know you be at the fund raiser tonight but I want to say hi . ( beat ) okay , best part ... get my bonus check . worst part ... he grab a frame picture of she and look at it . she 's in workout gear , wear earbud , obviously just off a run , catch off guard and thus flipping he the finger ... it 's adorable . jacob ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) ... it be right after I order lunch and I remember that we be not see each other this weekend . and he finish he message to she ... jacob ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) okay , text I yours and I will read they in my sleep . I love you . as Jacob disconnect and look out the window ... look out at third Avenue twinkle up into Midtown . and be back on the chart where the blue line travel down the Dow trend line , down and to the right then stop on thurs June 12th . card : 6 day later int . keller , zabel investment / trading floor - morning a large space line with long desk that hold five trader each . each trader have two phone and three huge monitor in front of they . it 's loud and frenetic . most of the trader be under thirty - five , it 's a young person 's game . Jacob head in and take he seat at he desk . it 's larger than the other and anchor the room ... this be he domain . Fox Business play on each of the screen that line the space ubiquitous . ( a note , when possible , business news will be dron from television set throughout this movie in bg ... as it be the current soundtrack of New York this day ) a trader name willy shout out ... willy Jake , Glass Works be up nine point on earning , you want to unload some ? 7. Jacob confirm ... jacob yeah , let 's get closer to home . a trader name audry turn to Jacob . audry ( to Jacob , be willy ) where 's he hat ? willy glare at she . willy mind you own business , audry . audry I have to wear pfizer on my forehead for a full week ... so post it up , bitch . willy plead with Jacob ... willy c'mon Jake , it 's embarrassing . Jacob just shrug ... jacob the stock go down , you wear the crown ... they 's the rule . audry grin in victory . willy shake he head , grab a marker , scribbles something down on a post - it then place it on he forehead . it read " I buy toll Brothers at $ 24 " and he have to wear it all week . and Jacob laugh ... now look up at the electronic ticker ... kzi $ 60.21 ... -$ 2.25 ... int . one oak - night a ultra exclusive club reserve for Wall Street money - man , Hollywood player , gangstas and supermodel . TI 's " whatever you like " blare . the dance floor be pack with New York 's privileged drape in prada and drip in sweat . Jacob head a table of five man who be all in suit . they be all in various area of finance ... a hedge fund portfolio manager , a derivative trader , a private equity cfo and a quant analyst . the quant stare at a high CLASS call girl work the room across the way . he then turn back to the guy with ... 8. quant analyst girl like that cost a thousand buck last year ... now it 's up to five . jacob get priced out of the hooker bubble ? confirm in frustration ... quant analyst goddamn bull market 's kill my sex life . they all laugh . hedge fund pm do not worry ... it 's not such a bull market anymore . she will be trading at five hundred soon enough . the laughter die down . derivative trader ( turn to Jacob ) it 's true . I be actually shocked kzi give you a bonus of that size . jacob why ? private equity cfo nudge hedge Fund pm in reference to the woman who just take the seat at the next table ... hedge fund pm ( dismissive ) yeah , I be go long boe . private equity cfo oh , I do not notice . confused ... quant analyst really ? the 787 be have problem . as hedge Fund pm open a bottle of krug , clos du mesnil 1995 and pour it into the flute . jacob ( to derivative Trader ) why ? why be you so shocked ? offer Jacob a flute ... hedge fund pm because they be in serious trouble . decline the champagne ... 9 . jacob we be not in serious trouble . it 's a rumor . a woman take the table next to they and this make derivative Trader perk up and say . derivative trader I think goodyear Tire be definitely a buy . hedge Fund pm check out the woman . hedge fund pm totally . and that tire be real . even more confuse ... quant analyst goodyear ? the chart be horrible . private equity cfo somebody color the quant in here . hedge Fund pm lean into quant and explain ... hedge fund pm boe , ticker BA ... Big ass . goodyear , ticker gt ... great tit . quant analyst ( realize ... ) oh , it 's like a code . and private equity cfo turn to Jacob with ... quant analyst ( cont 'd ) you guy be down three point in a up market today . jacob whatever , somebody be add to they short . as a supermodel now join the next table . hedge fund pm derivative trader go long starwood . starwood 's a buy ! quant analyst ( figure it out ) starwood , ticker hot . yeah but ... I be more a buyer of ... ( think for a minute ) gd . private equity cfo what the fuck be that ? 10 . quant analyst it 's a exchange trade fund that track the guinian franc . hedge fund pm okay , whatever -- what 's it code for ? and quant look over to the model then back proudly with ... quant analyst gold digger freak show . the guy just shake they head ... ext . lower broadway - night Jacob and derivative Trader enjoy the summer night . out of all the guy , he 's close to Jacob . his name be robby . jacob can I ask you something , robby ? robby nod . jacob ( cont 'd ) what 's you number ? robby huh ? jacob you know what I mean . the amount of money you would need to fuck it all and walk away ... if you want to . robby do you want to walk away ? jacob not now . but one day ... I do not know . when I have a family . it 's just so consume ... so many marriage get fucked up -- robby Wall Street divorce lawyer do great in any market . jacob exactly . ( beat ) I have think about it . what I would need ... to raise a family , live a good life , be secure . it 's not as much as we would think if you move out of New York . and it dawns on robby ... 11 . robby aha ... when do you buy the ring ? Jacob smile at he friend 's perception . jacob last week . robby so when be you go to ask she ? jacob I be go to DC this weekend . robby good . I like she for you . she 's one of the good one ... ( beat ) do you hear what she father say on Charlie Rose ? Jacob shake he head . robby ( cont 'd ) something about bear stearn be the first rain drop of the impending mother of all storm . jacob sour grape . robby he 's speak at Columbia on Friday . if it 's slow enough , a few of we might play hookie and check it out ... he 's the best show in town . and they continue to walk , until ... jacob tell I what you hear . robby slowly nod ... robby I do not think you want to hear it , bro . you worship Zabel and it 's not good . jacob I do not worship he . he 's do a lot for I and I have know he a long time . but he 's be act strange lately . ( beat ) just tell I what you hear . robby that keller Zabel be hold toxic waste they can not find a market for . 12 . Jacob shake he head ... jacob it 's not true . it 's rumor . there be hedge fund with huge short position ... robby Jacob , you know better . you know it do not matter if they be rumor or not . and robby stop walk . robby ( cont 'd ) senior year I could not get my mind around how all that dot com with no earning be worth billion of dollar and you be the one who say something that make it all clear for I . jacob I do not remember . turn to Jacob with ... robby " a asset 's value can only be priced at its perception . " jacob I say that ? robby confirm ... then ... robby so buddy -- it do not matter if the rumor be true or not . because in this climate ... if they exist at all ... then most likely ... look he friend head on ... robby ( cont 'd ) ... you be go to cease to . ext . 533 third avenue - morning Jacob leave he Murray Hill building apartment and nod to he doorman , diego . diego J to the acob -- morning to you , brother . Jacob smile ... jacob Diego ... 13 . and Jacob wait for the morning joke . diego okay , what 's the best aphrodisiac on Wall Street ? jacob I do not know . diego jet fuel . Diego crack up . Jacob just shake he head and move on . and Jacob walk uptown ... deep in think . it 's a gorgeous June Friday . suddenly , Jacob just stop walk and stand there for a long moment ... come to a decision . and as Jacob turn around and start head the other way ... int . 36 gramercy park east / lobby - morning Jacob smile to the doorman . jacob I be here to see Andrew Zabel . doorman be he expect you ? jacob no . int . lobby - moment later the elevator open and Andrew Zabel appear with two adorable bichon frise puppy . Jacob stand . zabel Jacob ... jacob Andy . I be sorry to come by like this but the rumor be now hit a fever pitch and I want to make sure everything be okay . Zabel nod and head for the door . zabel come on ... ext . gramercy park - morning as they enter through the gate of the park and walk ... 14 . jacob be everything okay ? and Andrew Zabel do not seem all there ... introspective and blank . zabel I remember when the starter give I this bushy hair twelve year old kid and I say ; " donny , what the fuck -- give I a real caddy . " and he say ; " this kid 's the best . " jacob andy -- zabel and you be . you have the wind down , the grade of every green . jacob what 's go on ? zabel but you would not shut up about stock . twelve year old and you blabbe on and on about company and sector and earning . jacob Andy , be we go under ? zabel what be that piece of shit you love ? that airline equipment supplier who be branching out into car airbag -- jacob flour control . be you okay ? Zabel laugh . zabel flour control ... what a dog . jacob why do you give I that bonus ? Zabel stop walk and face Jacob with ... zabel because I know you , Jacob . and I know you have be hold off because you do not think you have enough . we all do that ... postpone life until we believe we have what it take to actually live it . 15 . jacob there be not a better money - runner on the street ... we will get through this . zabel marry she , Jacob . and have child with she and spend as much time as you can with they ... and never forget that that 's what 's important . and Jacob L. Moore ... look he boss head on ... jacob Andrew , if there 's anyway I can help -- give back the bonus -- whatever ... all you have to do be say the word . and Zabel just look away ... zabel there 's just so much you do not know , Jacob . int . keller , zabel investment / trading floor - day the normally very loud and frenetic place be very quiet and sober today . they all watch alexis glick report ... alexis glick ( on the tvs ) rumor of insolvency have hit the street concern kzi 's book and they be shoot first then ask question later . the stock be now trading just a bit over thirty one dollar a share , down almost forty four percent on the session . and stand in the center of the floor , watch this ... jacob stun ... horrify ... he universe become unglue . and he turn to audry ... helpless and in shock . jacob who do this to we ? she can only shrug ... tear in she eye . Jacob shift he gaze over to the trading floor 's electronic ticker on the wall ... kzi $ 26.34 ... -$ 29.57 . and he move for the elevator bank ... unable to take it anymore . ext . midtown - day furious , Jacob walk down 6th ave with he phone to he ear . 16 . jacob Andrew , call I back . I be go to find out who do this to we . I swear to God ... if it 's the last thing I do . ( beat ) we be go to bounce back from this . and we be go to find out who spread the rumor ... and then we be go to destroy they . he disconnect the call and keep walk . after a beat , with he anger brewing ... Jacob slam he phone down on the ground and it shatter . int . jacob be apartment - day Jacob lay on he couch vacantly ponder the ceiling . Fox Business play on the new plasma tv on the wall ... footage of the governor of new york , a tough look man in he 40s , speak to the press outside of the State Capitol . governor ( footage ) I do not know anything about the solvency of keller Zabel . I do know that what 's bring down the stock at this precise moment be rumor . and this practice of short sell american financial institution then float rumor in order to profit from they must be stop . the uptick rule must be reinstate . Jacob glare over to the tv . governor ( footage ) ( cont 'd ) and once again , I will point to largely unregulate world of hedge fund ... a ever-grow and increase powerful area of the market that I repeatedly try to regulate as Chairman of the SEC ... and there 's a loud knock on the door . Jacob ignore it . governor ( footage ) ( cont 'd ) and the collapse of this legendary New York financial institution be why I continue to fight that battle as Governor of this great state . another knock ... this time louder . Jacob mute the tv. jacob what ? from the door ... 17 . robby ( shout ) Jacob ... answer the door . Jacob get up , move slowly and answer the door . robby ( cont 'd ) you be not answer you phone . jacob it break . robby sharply nod . robby dude ... he stop short ... swallow ... jacob what ? robby I just find this out and it have not hit the press yet . once again ... he stop short and look away in frustration . jacob what ? robby , what be you try to say ? robby Andrew Zabel throw himself in front of the subway this morning . Jacob just stand in that doorway . no reaction at all . absolutely freeze . int . jacob be apartment - moment later Jacob now stand in the center of he apartment . completely in shock . as he look to the plasma ... Fox Business on mute . Brian Sullivan report under the graphic kzi $ 19.34 ... - $ 37.28 . he glare at it for a long moment , then ... almost calmly pick up a chair and throw it into the tv ... which shatter . and Jacob ... not sure what to do . until ... he turn and see ... on the dresser ... a gorgeous engagement ring sit in a open box ... a fuck you ring . ext . columbia university / campus - day as Jacob bound the step of the Business School and head into the old stone building . 18 . int . columbia school of business / uris lecture hall - day the lecture hall be pack with wall to wall student . Jacob stand at the back . a professor be at the podium . professor we speaker today have quite a checker background in the world of finance . some laughter from the room . professor ( cont 'd ) he graduate from City College in 1966 and become a security broker at Hudson River Bank then move on to Smith barney . in 1973 he go out on he own to establish a spectacular career as a independent trader then a active participant in the lbo craze of the 1980 . ( beat ) in 1988 , he be indicted for insider trading and then charge with other various form of security fraud and IRS violation . in one of the most harshest sentence ever give to a white collar criminal ... he serve fourteen year in a maximum security prison and he want I to stress that it be not a country club . again laughter from the floor . professor ( cont 'd ) since he release in 2002 , he have write and have speak publicly about what he refer to as the current state of the world economy . he be not allow to trade on the US exchange . his new book " Moral hazard ! why Wall Street have finally go too Far . " come out in October . ( beat ) please welcome ... Gordon gekko ! the room applaud ... and out to the podium slowly walk ... gordon gekko no swagger in he step ... not in a suit ... hair not slicked back ... but still look fuck good . as he wait for the applause to wind down ... and even a little longer ... surveying every corner of the large room ... commanding its full attention ... get it ... hold the silence ... until finally ... he lean into the mic and say ... 19 . gordon gekko you be all pretty much fuck . the room break into laughter ... Gordon smile and wait for it to die down . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) what 's not funny be what 's happen out there . I do not think people get it . and I know the financial center of the world do not get it ... which happen to be Washington DC now . as he take to a pace ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) to understand where we be , we need to understand how we get here . no good deed go unpunish , all fire start with a well meaning spark and we want Americans to be able to afford home . sound nice enough ... let try to get the middle and lower class into home they can own . so we make money cheap and lower restriction on mortgage lend . as he take a moment and look over the room ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) somebody remind I the other night that I once say " greed be good . " I swear I do not remember it but it sound like something I would say in the eighties . ( beat ) and I be right then . greed be good . America need greed and risk-take and leverage to get to become the superpower we be ... or be . and capitalism need greed and risk and leverage to become the economic platform it have become ... but that same attribute that get we there be now the liability that threaten to destroy we . Jacob 's blackberry vibrate and he check it . he have a text . " kzi !!! -- wtf ? " gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) so greed have be redefine . who know -- maybe it be always like this and like everything else in this world , it 's good and it be evil . take a moment to survey the room ... 20 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) because people -- it 's greed that cause someone who aspire to own a seven-hund thousand dollar house they can not afford , to take on a loan they will never be able to pay back ... and it 's greed that cause they mortgage lender to give they that loan then sell it right away ... and it 's greed that cause the buyer of that loan to slice it into a million little piece then spit they all over the world ... and it 's greed that cause the rating agency to give that toxic loan a triple - a rating just because it be mix in with some good loan ... and it 's greed that cause the insurance company to insure that loan . Jacob quickly glance down again at he blackberry and check the quote , kzi $ 14.53 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) they be insure the end of the world ; " when the world explode ... just find we in the rubble and we will be sure to pay you claim . " drawing in a deep breath ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) cmo 's , clo 's , cbo 's , cdo 's , cds 's , spe 's , abcp 's , siv 's , remic 's , cmb 's , toxic traunches , ninja loan , credit default swap , affinity marketing , staple financing , synthetic securitization . ( beat ) maybe I be in prison too long but I have no idea what half that shit mean . the room laugh in agreement . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) and I be consider a pretty smart guy when it come to finance ! and Jacob 's blackberry vibrate again . this time he remove it from he pocket , do not check it and simply turn it off . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) and if I know we central bank -- which I do -- I predict it 's go to throw gasoline on this fire with more cheap money and federal bailout and head-in-the-sand manipulate statistic on productivity and inflation . and Gordon stop pace ... take a moment for effect . 21 . then sum it all up with ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) so no good deed go unpunish and all fire start with a well - meaning spark and when you take free money and no lend standard then add it with unaccountable risk and ungodly leverage and unbridle greed ... what you end up with be cancer . and Gordon take in a deep breath ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) systemic , malignant and global . now the room be completely silent . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) do they still have the v&amp ; T restaurant on Amsterdam ? be that still there ? a stunne girl in the front row shake she head . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) ( with a smile ) God , I love they pizza . int . uris hallway - day Jacob look on as Gordon be surround by professor and student alike ... gordon gekko ( announce to the throng ) I will give you six minute then I really have to go . ext . uris hall - exactly 6 minute later Gordon quickly walk out with he publisher , a woman in she 40s and head into the quad . Jacob immediately match they stride . jacob Mr. gekko , can I speak to you for a moment ? as he keep walk ... gordon gekko you be too late , Sport ... q&amp ; a 's over . jacob my name be Jacob Moore and I be dating you daughter . ( and then ) I be go to ask she to marry I . and this make Gordon stop and finally face Jacob with ... 22 . gordon gekko I will give you nine minute . ext . 112 th STREET - moment later as Gordon and Jacob leave the campus and take to the street . gordon gekko keller , Zabel ? then you have my apology . jacob yeah ... gordon gekko stock 's in a free fall . my guess be that it just lose its bar mitzvah ... Jacob quickly take out he blackberry , turn it on and check to see Gordon 's right ... kzi ... $ 12.54 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) by the end of the day it might not even be potty train . and Jacob look at he . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) I might not be allow to trade , Jake , but I still love to watch from home . jacob Andrew Zabel take I under he wing when I be in high school . he basically get I my scholarship to Yale then hire I right out of business school . gordon gekko Andrew 's smart , he beat the benchmark consistently . he will land on he foot . jacob he 's dead . and Gordon stop walk and regards Jacob . who confirm ... jacob ( cont 'd ) he kill himself this morning . as that register ... gordon gekko I be sorry to hear that . jacob he be a father to I . 23 . and Jacob coldly shake it off then suck in a deep breath and look into Gordon 's eye ... genuine and lofty ... jacob ( cont 'd ) I love you daughter very much and I would be honore if ... and realize what this be ... Gordon start to laugh ... which throw Jacob off . jacob ( cont 'd ) ... you would bless -- I really do not understand what you find so funny . gordon gekko my daughter have not speak to I for eleven year and you know it . she blame I for she brother 's overdose and every other disaster that 's fall upon the world since the mid-ninety . ( beat ) and by the way , be not it strange that winnie would date a guy from the street ? jacob what ? gordon gekko she hate I . and she hate Wall Street and everything it represent ... so do not you find it curious that she would fall in love with you ? and that slam into Jacob ... who 's freeze for a beat . Jacob finally snap out of it then join Gordon . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) so you want my bless ? jacob yes . gordon gekko I guess I should know a little about you first . where do you grow up ? jacob matinecock . gordon gekko I be impressed . jacob it be not like that . I mean we do not have much money . my mother be a tailor . 24 . gordon gekko and you father ... what do he do ? jacob disappear . and Gordon regards Jacob for a long moment , take he in , until ... gordon gekko clever . Jacob look down the street . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) what be you look for ? jacob you town car . with a laugh ... gordon gekko well , pal ... as Gordon pat Jacob on the back ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) ... then you be go to be look for quite awhile . ... and head for the subway . int . 110 th STREET subway station - day Gordon take out he wallet and produce he metrocard . Jacob notice a picture of winnie in the wallet . jacob ( re picture ) can I see that ? Gordon shrug and show the picture to Jacob . it 's of a young winnie and young Gordon on the back of a gorgeous white horse . gordon gekko she be eight in that one . it be take in Egypt . jacob can I ... have it ? ( explaining ) she do not keep picture from she childhood . Gordon slowly nod . 25 . gordon gekko what do I get in return ? jacob you ... wanna make a trade ? and Gordon think about , then ... gordon gekko yes . I will give you this picture and in return ... I would like a picture of winnie ... take recently ... without you in it . jacob I do not have one on I . Gordon sigh , take the picture out of he wallet and hand it to Jacob . gordon gekko then I will give you this one on margin . platform as they wait for the train ... Jacob produce the ring box and open it to show Gordon the ring . jacob I really do come to ask for you bless . gordon gekko no , you do not . Nice ring ... as the train arrive ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) it 's so typical . ( inside of a ironic laugh ) levere to the hilt ... and with the ship go down ... as he get on ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) ... they still give you a bonus . int . the downtown 3 train - day Gordon stare at a one sheet advertisement on the wall . and he do not look at Jacob when he say ... gordon gekko do not play I , Jake . you do not think I can see it in you eye ? you do not think I know that look ? ( beat ) ( more ) 26 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) I know it by sight , kid ... because I live it for year . Christ , I can even smell it on you . jacob smell what on I ? gordon gekko revenge . Jacob just look away . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) some hedgehog say bad thing about you company . it cause the stock to plummet and make that bad thing become true . and Jacob now see the poster that have Gordon 's attention . it feature a pile of money be blow out the window under the caption that read ... " if this look familiar to you ... it 's because you be rent ! " gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) the man you love like a father throw himself in front of the uptown five this morning and you want to bring that hedgehog to they knee . jacob you know he be dead ? " Guardian mortgage ... low down payment ... adjustable rate . " gordon gekko like I say -- I still love to watch from home . and now Gordon turn to face Jacob with ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) so do not insult I by pretend to ask for winnifre 's hand when what you really want to know be who to bring down to they knee and how to do it . and Jacob swallow that back ... do not argue it . jacob I know who . gordon gekko really ? jacob it be either nassim tariq from the Frontier Fund , bretton Woods from Locust or Karen molina from esl . 27 . gordon gekko do winnie even know you come to see I ? jacob well , not exactly . ( then ) but I be go to tell she . gordon gekko not such a grand idea , pal . off Jacob 's confusion ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) see , I have a feel you be go to want to see I again . and if you tell she we have this little pow-wow ... she 's not go to let that happen . as Jacob consider that ... the train slow to a stop . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) look , you seem like a smart kid . ( beat ) walk away , dust off you resume and get another job ... as he steal one last glance at that Guardian mortgage ad ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) ... but do it quick . and with that , Gordon move for the door . but Jacob step in front of he . jacob I be go to bring they down . whoever float the rumor for a quick buck . gordon gekko it 's not worth it . it 's a waste of energy and time . see , Jacob , nobody get it ... they never do . as the subway door open ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) if there 's one thing I learn in prison it 's that money be not the prime commodity in we life ... time be . ( beat ) and you nine minute be up . and Gordon gekko get off the subway ... leave Jacob on the train . but right before the door close , Gordon stop and turn with ... 28 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) there be worse way to go than jump in front of a train . for instance , could you imagine take something for you diabete ... as the door close ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) .. and end up have it cause you to die of acute pancreatitis ? and as the subway pull out of the station , Jacob Moore just stand there ... hold the pole and wonder what the hell that be suppose to mean . ext . andrew Zabel' matinecock , long island home - day a victorian estate on a bluff . Zabel 's funeral in progress . hundred of people make it out from the city . all type . priest Andrew do not have child , so he make all you -- all of we -- he child . ( beat ) and to list Andrew Zabel 's many accomplishment would take I far too long to enumerate , but if you just look around you , you will see that accomplishment in the face of the many people gather here today . and we pan the procession of mourner ... past ... priest ( cont 'd ) the alumnus of the Morris High School class of 1997 ... who -- through the adopt a grade program -- Andrew pledge to pay the college education of every member who graduate and get accept into a University . ... past ... priest ( cont 'd ) the member of the Saint helena symphony , who Andrew provide emergency funding for when they be face extinction . ( beat ) and the many , many , other recipient of Andrew Zabel 's generosity . ... and past ... priest ( cont 'd ) that who be leave behind ... that who be overlook ... that who otherwise would never have stand a chance . 29 . and we land on Jacob L. Moore ... priest ( cont 'd ) ( o.s ) above be just a great financial mind ... or a great husband ... he wear a dark suit ... and a blank expression ... priest ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) ... or a great father ... or a great neighbor ... or a great friend ... ... with nothing but cold retribution in he eye . priest ( cont 'd ) ( o.s. ) ... Andrew Zabel be a great man . int . pool house - day most of the guest across the pool eat and quietly mill about . we be with Jacob , willy , audry and another trader name daniel . audry two dollar a share ? willy the fed do not give we a choice . Jacob walk around the room ... take in the picture of Andrew Zabel 's life ... audry do that include the building ? daniel what about the Zabel 's institutional manage fund ? how much be in that ? willy eight billion . audry and that 's all intact . daniel Jesus , United bancorp make out like a bandit . willy we could have handle it at $ 60 a share or even $ 50 . he just shake he head ... willy ( cont 'd ) it be that fuck rumor . it be so well time . and the market do not care ... shoot first , ask later . 30 . daniel lemming . audry ( ominously ) United have a huge trading desk . daniel yeah , we be all out of a job . Jacob pull away from the wall of picture ... jacob my mother be a tailor . they all look at he . jacob ( cont 'd ) out of we house less than five mile from here . audry you be from matinecock ? I think you do not grow up with mon -- Jacob confirm ... jacob we be not rich . everyone else be . ( beat ) she alter they clothes and I carry they golf club . and Jacob look at a picture of Andrew Zabel one more time ... jacob ( cont 'd ) he give I a seat at the table . ... and go . ext . andrew zabel be home - day Jacob head for the main house . he see barbara zabel , Andrew 's wife , sit next to the some friend . Jacob slowly walk over and when she see he ... she stand ... wobbly and full of tear . barbara Jacob ... Jacob take she into he embrace ... barbara ( cont 'd ) ( through she sob ) you be a son to he ... squeeze she tight ... fight back a rush of emotion . 31 . jacob I be a fuck up kid , I be angry , my mother could not control I . he be the only one who care . I would not be anywhere right now if it be not for ... and Jacob Moore stop short ... finally break down ... allow he own tear to stream down he face . he pull away ... jacob ( cont 'd ) if you need anything . she nod . and Jacob move away from the people and move across the lawn . but he stop when he see a woman stand across the way ... we have see picture of she . she 's in she late-twenty with a natural beauty that might take two glance to notice . but after that second glance ... it 's unforgettable . she 's winnie gekko . as she rush to he ... winnie Jacob , I be so sorry . ( beat ) why do not you tell I ? jacob lehigh have the committee hearing and I know he would need you and I do not want to -- winnie that 's not how this work . and she look into he eye . winnie ( cont 'd ) Jacob , that 's not how this work . he nod . regards she for a beat , then ... jacob will you marry I ? winnie what ? jacob I get a ring . not on I , but -- winnie be you propose to I at a funeral ? jacob yeah . 32 . and then ... jacob ( cont 'd ) I have a whole thing I be go to do in DC but see you ... the word just kind of fall out of my mouth ... I do not know . winnie he would have love you do this here . Jacob agree . and she softly kiss he and squeeze he tight ... tear in she eye . winnie ( cont 'd ) yes ... I will marry you , Jacob . hugging she back . jacob by the way , I do not have a job anymore . winnie awesome . and that fuck you ring glitter in all its glory . pull back to be in ... jacob' apartment winnie look up from the ring . winnie ( cont 'd ) it 's beautiful . jacob yeah ... winnie it 's too expensive . we will return it . jacob no . winnie Jacob I do not care about what ring you give I . you know that . jacob we be not take it back . I work hard for that ring and I want you to wear it . she regards he ... he 's serious . winnie okay . 33. he move to she ... take the ring and place it on she finger . then Jacob pull she into he kiss ... it 's almost violent . she 's take off guard . and as they fall into each other then back onto the bed ... int . keller , zabel investment / trading floor - day the whole floor be dead . the tvs be off . Jacob clean out he desk , audry clean hers out as well across the way . Jacob wipe he forehead and glance up at the large letter on the wall " keller , Zabel investment . " and he shake he head in anger and frustration ... jacob hey audry . she look up . jacob ( cont 'd ) you cover pharm and biotech . audry I do . jacob who be the big player in diabete treatment ? audry lilly , abbot , osi , inverness . jacob be anyone riding on something in phase three ? audry few midcap maybe . you want I to check ? he nod . she turn on she computer and take a seat . audry ( cont 'd ) oh , this take I back to when I have a job ... he stand over she shoulder . audry ( cont 'd ) yeah , amlyn pharmaceutical have byetta go in front of the fda next month . I remember this ... ( more ) 34 . audry ( cont 'd ) they pull it during phase two because some of the test subject die but they have obviously solve that problem now . jacob how do they die ? audry I do not remember . jacob pancreatitis ? audry yeah . that be it . Jacob shake he head ... jacob how do he know ? audry who ? without answer she ... jacob can you look up large institutional ownership ? audry mutual or hedge ? jacob hedge . audry Locust Fund own a shitload . and she look over to Jacob with ... audry ( cont 'd ) bretton Woods . as he take in that information ... jacob want you severance , audry ? and he kiss she on the forehead ... jacob ( cont 'd ) short amlyn pharmaceutical . ... and go . 35 . int . christie' showing - night as Jacob peruse the painting that be go up for auction with hedge Fund pm . hedge fund pm what the fuck be pancreatitis anyway ? int . evolution studio be - day a private gym on greene street . as Jacob spar with a blogger from streetaccount.com ... jacob I do not know exactly but it 's not something you wanna come down with . int . triceba loft - night 5000 square foot of space , expose brick and minotti furniture . a private wine taste be be hold . about fifteen people look on as the sommelier describe the detail of the bottle he 's uncork . near the back , find Jacob stand with a morgan stanley private client group portfolio manager . morgan portfolio manager ( whisper to Jacob ) when 's the fda come down with they decision ? christie be as they stand in front of a huge sigmar polke ... jacob any day now . evolution studio while shower Jacob with quick jab ... blogger where 's you information from ? loft holding the wine he 's suppose to be sampling but not drink it ... jacob a doctor that 's very close to the trial ... and that 's all I can say . christie as they move on from the polke ... 36 . jacob ( cont 'd ) but listen , I be out of work now so I can not afford to get behind size on this trade ... I be only tell you because you have help I in the past . evolution studio as he remove he head gear and wipe away the sweat . jacob ( cont 'd ) this be completely off the record . so please ... loft as they receive the next glass of wine ... jacob ( cont 'd ) ... do not tell anyone . ext . union station WASHINGTON DC - night Jacob get off the train and see she across the platform ... winnie . and as he bring she into he embrace ... int . WASHINGTON DC /15 ria restaurant - night Jacob and winnie have dinner with she boss , senator katherine lehigh , 50' . jacob you boy 's come up in the poll . Senator lehigh nod . senator lehigh they be blame this mess on the current administration ... it 's help we . and some people say that the worst be not over . jacob her father . what 's the word he use ... systemic . winnie look over to Jacob . winnie when do he say that ? and Jacob take for a extra long moment ... hold she look ... then come to a decision and lie ... jacob on Charlie Rose . 37 . but winnie continue to glare at he ... until ... senator lehigh ( with a smile ) okay -- so when 's the big date ? ext . manhattan - monday morning as New York open for business ... int . streetaccount.com office - morning the prevalent pay site for all hedgefunder , trading desk cowboy and large individual player . look like a scrappy internet start - up with mismatch cheap office furniture . as we blogger from the gym sip he coffee , fire up he computer and start to type ... int . winnie' apartment / WASHINGTON DC - morning a small well appoint two -bedroom in Cleveland Heights . Jacob wake and lean up . he regards winnie sleep next to he . he softly kiss she neck . she smile in she sleep then roll over . as they body intertwine ... int . the capital fund / new york office - morning a huge industrial space in the highline district that house this eight billion dollar hedge fund . find a meeting in progress with all of the fund portfolio manager . this be know as the weekly idea storm session ... where each pm pitch new trade idea . as hedge Fund pm stand up to present to the team with a confident smile ... int . winnie' apartment / WASHINGTON DC - morning dress for work , winnie head into the bedroom and regards Jacob still lay in bed . she kiss he on the forehead , lay a section of the Washington Post on he chest with a little laugh then go . as Jacob look down to see ... it 's the classified job section . int . morgan stanley / private client group office - morning Midtown , corporate , high -floor . find the private client portfolio manager we remember from the wine taste . 38 . he sit at he computer in a big corner office with a beautiful western view to the river behind he and type in a IM window " amln short -- fda to deny byetta " then hit send . as he receive the digital receipt ... " 1209 instant message send . " int . winnie' apartment / WASHINGTON DC - morning as Jacob munch toast and watch Fox Business in he underwear ... jenna lee ( on tv ) ... another stock that 's get beat before the bell be amlyn pharmaceutical . the stock 's down nine percent in premarket trading on no news . Jacob smile . jenna lee ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) when we come back we have Blue star Airlines ' ceo Bud Fox discuss how he turn he once small regional airline into the country 's third large carrier . int . amlyn pharmaceuticals / PRESS room - day a select group of Financial journalist sit in small metal chair in front of a podium with the amlyn name and logo behind it . as the investor relation officer head up the podium and open he prepare statement ... int . winnie' apartment - night Jacob watch " happy hour " on Fox Business as winnie open a bottle of wine in the kitchen . she pour a glass of wine and another of water . winnie if he win ... she have a real chance for a cabinet position and I be pretty sure she will take I with she if she can . jacob he 's go to win . as she hand he the glass of water ... winnie do not jinx it . and Jacob see amlyn pharmaceutical graphic on the screen and turn up the tv . 39 . eric bolling ( on the tv ) Big drop in amlyn as negative rumor on the street force the company to admit there be still internal concern about byetta and pancreatitis . they now may be force to pull the phase three drug from fda review and retool . ( beat ) the stock take a twenty - eight percent haircut . winnie can we watch something else ? Jacob bring she in and kiss she ... jacob whatever you want . her phone ring . as she go to answer it ... winnie ( kidding ) Project runway . jacob not Project runway . pick up the phone ... winnie hello ... who be this ? hold on . as she pull the phone away from she ear and look over to Jacob ... winnie ( cont 'd ) it 's for you ... someone name bretton Woods ? ext . 15 central park west - night Jacob round West 62nd street and stare down the hot new address in Manhattan . a little nervous , he suck in a deep breath then head into the building . int . 15 central park west / penthouse - night a butler let Jacob in . Jacob take in the massive space with a insane view of Central Park . he can hear a beautiful sonata play in the next room . jacob I be here to see bretton Woods . the butler nod then lead Jacob through the full floor unit and into the ... parlor 40 . a huge chandelier hang over the all marble room . a fireplace on one wall and a twelve foot wall of glass feature that park view on the other . and Jacob realize that sonata be live . he 's walk into a recital of some sort . about twenty people sit watch a young girl play on a very unique look silver grand piano . the girl can not be a day over thirteen . she 's play mozart 's " ronda alla turca " ... she finger glide across the keyboard in precision , she eye close in inspiration . it 's as spectacular as it be move . Jacob take it in for a moment then look over the room . all ethnicity and type ... the african leader in full tribal gear , the dishevele artist with he gay novelist lover , the new york knick with he model wife , the movie STAR with she teenage son . and bretton wood ... mid 40s , slice jawline , deep set eye , in great shape , refine , compose and masculine . he 's the owner of this penthouse and he 's look right at Jacob . Jacob look away . and the young girl finish the last movement of the sonata to applause . the guest all stand , some go talk with the girl . bretton head over to Jacob . bretton wood as you can see , I be have a little dinner party here but I think it be important we speak right away . he speak with a british accent .. Jacob nod . bretton look over the room for a moment , scan he guest then back at Jacob ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) please ... if you do not mind wait in my office , I will be in a minute . and the butler be already at Jacob 's side , motion he to follow he . int . bretton woods' office - night Jacob wait for bretton . he look over the place . the view of the park . the classic furniture . and the huge painting on the wall 41 . of a giant man-like monster eat a much smaller naked human . the smaller man 's head 's be bitten off and blood drip down the body . Jacob hold on the painting . bretton wood ( o.s. ) saturno devorando a sus hijo . as Jacob turn to see bretton stand in the doorway . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) saturn devour he son . Francisco goya . bretton head in and close the door behind he . jacob do you collect ? bretton wood no . sitting behind he desk ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) only the obsessive compulsive or the insecure egotistical feel the need to collect thing . Jacob nod . bretton just look at he ... make he nervous . jacob you daughter 's a amazing piano player . that be quite a show . bretton wood that be not my daughter . that be isabel patrovsky , she 's the world 's great live piano prodigy . ( beat ) and that be not a show ... that be a very expensive private recital . there 's a long beat of silence with Jacob just look at bretton ... take he in . and it 's unmistakable -- the one thing that this man exude above all else ... be composure . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) you cost my fund three hundred and forty million dollar today . off of Jacob 's slight smile ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) yeah , kill my year , push my watermark higher and might cause redemption . ( more ) 42 . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I hope you be happy . my fund 's in trouble now . Jacob just shrug . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) you do not want to deny it ? jacob no . bretton wood who tell you ? jacob a doctor I know . bretton nod ... regards he . bretton wood I check with all the desk in town ... you do not make money off it . jacob that 's right . bretton wood then why do you do it ? jacob you destroy my firm . bretton wood you firm destroy itself . jacob you kill Andrew Zabel . bretton wood Andrew Zabel kill himself . and bretton sigh ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) the rumor be true . jacob you make they true . bretton wood no , Jacob , be lever thirty - eight to one in toxic debt make they true . ( beat ) institutional money -run be Zabel 's talent ... he do not have a down year in the last twenty . Jacob just glare at he . 43. bretton wood ( cont 'd ) his fatal flaw be allow the child on he mortgage security desk to talk he into the deadly game of hot potato everybody 's be so fond of play recently . and Jacob hold bretton 's look for a moment , then ... head for the door without say a thing ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) come work for I . Jacob stop and turn ... jacob what ? bretton wood I run three billion dollar . come help I run it . and Jacob take a beat ... processing this ... jacob why I ? bretton wood because you loyalty desire revenge , you ball actually attempt it and you skill pull it off . as he stand ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) and as for Andrew Zabel ... there really be no tell why he do what he do . ( beat ) as far as I be concerned , it be just a bit of money ... and there be surely more important thing in the world . and Jacob suck in a deep breath -- contain he anger . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) now I be go on safari with my family . think about the offer and get in touch after the July 4th holiday . ... head for the door ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) you get my attention , Jacob ... and that 's one of the rarest commodity out there . and Jacob just regards he , then ... 44 . jacob you can have my answer now , bretton ... I have no interest in work for a fund that 's in trouble . bretton smile ... bretton wood touche . Jacob nod ... hold bretton 's look . then ... jacob what 's you number ? bretton wood Excuse I ? jacob the amount of money you would need to be able to walk away from it all and just live happily - ever-after . ( beat ) everybody have one -- it 's a exact number -- what 's yours ? and bretton take a moment to think about that , then simply say ... bretton wood more . ... and disappear into he penthouse . ext . 533 third avenue - morning Jacob head out of he building to be greet by ... diego you know what I overhear a guy say yesterday ? jacob I know you be go to tell I ... Diego smile ... diego " this market 's just like a divorce . I have lose half my money ... only I still have my wife ! " as he go into the hot summer day ... jacob not bad ... 45 . ext . upper east side / atlantic grill - day Jacob head up to the restaurant to find Gordon gekko wait outside . gordon gekko there 's a wait . jacob oh ... gordon gekko Fifteen minute she say . jacob okay . gordon gekko no , that 's not okay . because it mean they be crowded so every tier in the service chain will be extend . the sixteen minute we would normally wait to order will now be twenty six , the standard twenty four minute wait for we food to arrive will turn into thirty nine , the eight minute to get the check will become seventeen and the four minute to process the credit card will take nine . ( beat ) I tell you I would have lunch with you ... not give you a hundred and six minute of my time . Jacob just stand there . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) let 's go to Whole Foods . int . whole food - day Gordon and Jacob share a little table out front of the market . Gordon enjoy a turkey burger from the deli while Jacob do not eat . gordon gekko do you eat before ? jacob just not hungry . gordon gekko yeah ... I use to not eat lunch too . Jacob nod and slide something across the table . the picture of winnie in workout gear , flipping the finger . Gordon look at it and laugh . 46 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) fitting . as he place it in he pocket ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) that will make it a round trade for we . jacob I actually owe you one now . off Gordon 's look ... jacob ( cont 'd ) I crush he . gordon gekko do you ? jacob his fund be bleed . I would not be surprised if the redemption finish the job . gordon gekko well , Chief ... you seem awfully proud of yourself . jacob how would you know about amlyn ? Gordon shrug . gordon gekko it 's amazing what information you can find out when people know you be not go to trade on it . jacob so , you do not use I to make a little money ? and never to look up from he lunch ... gordon gekko naw . I prefer to write about the action now than be apart of it . jacob why would you give it to I ? gordon gekko you be out of a job and most likely go to marry my daughter ... I figure you could use the money . jacob I do not make any money off of it . 47 . gordon gekko you do not trade it ? with a smile in and over - the- top faux innocence . jacob that would have be insider trading , Mr. gekko . Gordon just shake he head . jacob ( cont 'd ) and not " most likely . " ( beat ) winnie and I be engage . as Gordon finally look up from he burger ... impressed . ext . park avenue - day as they walk up Park Avenue ... gordon gekko so do you take my advice and not tell you new fiance about we little friendship . Jacob do not say anything . and Gordon do not press . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) so , I be guess she 's not go to take you last name . jacob good guess . gordon gekko that 's my winnie . I know she be a feminist when she be five and furious that Mrs. Claus do not get enough credit . and this make Jacob smile ... then ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) my brother have two daughter . I have winnie and rudy . ( suck in a deep breath ) and since rudy ... you know ... well , I have worried about the name . it 's something you do not really think about until you hit sixty or so but it 's important . as they walk some more in silence , until ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) I want you to get my daughter to accept I back into she life again , Jacob . 48 . Jacob slowly nod ... not surprised . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) because save for the extremely precious and depreciate asset of time ... she 's all I have . as Gordon stop in front of a georgian - style , pre-war building and turn to Jacob ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) c'mon , I will show you some more picture of you fiancee that she do not want you to see . int . 655 park avenue / elevator - day Gordon and Jacob get into the elevator , Gordon push " 4 . " the door begin to close but someone get on at the last moment . he 's a hedge fund type , real slick , remind we of gekko twenty year ago . oh ... and he 's about 29 year old . slick Gordon ... gekko nod . slick hit he floor ... " ph . " slick ( cont 'd ) Sky still fall ? gordon gekko you know it . slick ( inside of a derisive sigh ) sell book I guess . int . gekko' apartment / live room - day no doubt about it , this be a nice place . Worth three million dollar , maybe four at the beginning of the year . sparsely decorate . large frame photograph line the wall . Gordon show Jacob picture of winnie 's childhood . gordon gekko she refuse to take that cowboy hat off . she actually sleep in it . smitten , Jacob look at some more of the picture then stand ... take in the large frame picture on the wall . as Jacob check out a frame chart for " gouda tulip bulb Dec 1 1634 to Feb 5 1637 . " the chart go straight up and to the right then straight down in a single line . 49 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) tulip mania ... the art of a bubble . jacob bretton offer to hire I . gordon gekko and do you accept ? as Jacob move over to a another piece . jacob fuck no . Jacob now find himself look at a political cartoon from the early 1900s . it 's of two man row a boat in a lake of dollar . one of the man be uncle Sam dress in US flag color . but Sam 's very small in this cartoon ... can not really row the boat . the other man be much bigger and clearly do the heavy row . he be ... gordon gekko jp Morgan ... he single - handedly stop the panic of 1907 by step in and buy up share in all the company that be crash . everyone else quickly follow like lemming . ( be political cartoon ) see -- people have stop look to they government or trust advisor . they look to jp Morgan . it be all about simple psychology -- every crash should have a jp Morgan to step in and save it . as they walk the hardwood floor ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) see Jacob ... the best opportunity be find where angel fear to tread . and they arrive at the next piece on the wall ... a small frame bond . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) that 's a bond issue by the Central american country of poyais . gregor mcgregor make a fortune deal this to the british elite in 1820 . ( beat ) the country do not exist . and now Jacob notice a very strange picture across the room ... he go over to look at it . 50 . it 's very old ... black and white ... of a woman fill she stove with money . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) weimer Republic of Germany 1922 . inflation turn to hyper-inflation and it be more efficient to burn the money for heat than spend it . jacob that 's horrifying . gordon gekko I know . as they both hold on the picture ... jacob what cause it ? gordon gekko a country in debt ... that take on even more debt to fund a war ... then print mountain of money to avoid a depression and other financial imbalance ... as he turn to face Jacob ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) ... sound familiar ? jacob and you honestly think this be where we be head ? look Jacob head on ... deadly serious ... gordon gekko if we do not take we head out of the sand ... yes . it 's go to get bad out there , champ , I be not go to lie . even the small regional bank I start out at might go under . jacob Hudson River Bank ... gordon gekko that 's right . and then ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) and I have get some news for you ... he be not bleed . he 's not even cut . jacob what be you talk about ? 51 . gordon gekko what I be talk about , Jake ... be that I would bet dollar to donut that bretton Woods unwound most of he position in amlyn last week . that he know about the pancreatitis . off of Jacob 's confusion ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) the only reason you think you hurt he be because he want you to think that . jacob how do you know that ? gordon gekko I do not . but it 's not bretton 's first rodeo ... and my instinct for this sort of thing do not often disappoint . Jacob can not believe it . and with each pass moment of realization ... shock turn into rage . jacob I can not believe it . gordon gekko believe it , princess ... he 's beat you ass all over the court . as Jacob try to calm himself . jacob and you think I should take the job -- bring he down from the inside ? Gordon confirm that with a simple shake of the head and ... gordon gekko I do not know , Jake ... what you kid think be pay-back this day be really incredible . when I be come up , we slaughter man . ( beat ) there be guy still work at penny ante brokerage in the poughkeepsie 's of this country because they cross I . while Jacob process that ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) so I will make you another trade , Jake . I will help you bring he down , if you help I get she back . as Jacob just look away ... non committal . 52 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) ... then you both can have a father . ext . park avenue - night as Jacob walk ... on the phone with ... robby Jacob , I could lose my job . ... who hold he sleep infant in he hand . jacob robby , I need to know . now nobody move size in this town without use you desk . ( beat ) we will play twenty question only it will be two question and all you have to do be say " yes or no . " capitulate with a sigh ... robby Fire away ... jacob bretton Woods ... the Locust Fund ... do they make any major move in the last few week ? robby yes . jacob be it unload amlyn pharmaceutical ? robby ( nervous ) Jacob ... jacob robby , I get you the fuck the job ! and after a long moment . robby yes . Jacob stop walk ... suck in a deep breath ... jacob I be sorry to make you do that . with that , he disconnect and shake he head in frustration . and after a moment , Jacob suck in a deep breath then make another call . 53. jacob ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) okay Gordon ... you have get yourself a trade . and be back on the chart as a circle form on June 19th then travel down the trend line to early July and stop . and as a circle be form around July 4th , we ... CUT to : firework explode over the Capitol building . ext . senator lehigh georgetown home - night a bbq for the political set and they family . Paper plate and plastic cup be be throw away by help Children and parent lay on blanket watch the firework . Jacob hold winnie as they look up at the sky ... winnie my parent would always throw this huge party in the hampton on the fourth . the city of South hampton would have its firework show at 8 pm then my father would wait until it be over then put on he ... which , of course , be always twice as spectacular . she lean up , sip she wine , then ... winnie ( cont 'd ) then one year the city pass a ordinance that they firework show have to be the last of the night ... they be sick of get show up by Gordon gekko . Jacob laugh ... jacob what would he do ? winnie he rent a barge and shot the firework off of it a mile off the coast ... out of jurisdiction . ( then ... almost to herself ) the show be even more amazing over the water . and Jacob look at she . 54 . jacob I think he should be invite to the wedding . winnie no . jacob winnie , he 's you father ... as the firework explode into they finale ... winnie you do not know he . jacob I know he 's unhappy . look at he out there ... try to scare everybody . he 's desperate for attention . winnie this be none of you business . jacob " that 's not how this work . " remember ? she just look away ... jacob ( cont 'd ) he 's get nothing . the firework show end and everyone applaud ... winnie and that 's what he deserve . suddenly , everyone begin to look over to the house where something be happen ... winnie ( cont 'd ) the thing that come out after he be convict . the affair ... the thing he be record say ... secret service personnel , wear ear piece , start walk the lawn . winnie ( cont 'd ) this be not the man we know , Jacob . it be ... sociopathic . she stand up and look across the lawn to where all the action be . jacob it be a long time ago . he stand and kiss she ... 55 . jacob ( cont 'd ) just consider it , okay ? that 's all I be ask . she hold he look for a long moment , then ... nodd over to all the excitement ... winnie c'mon , you can meet the next President of the United States . int . the LOCUST fund foyer - day a massive foyer of black marble with wall to wall view of Manhattan . there 's much more space than furniture here . Jacob wait patiently in a white suede chair ... he check he watch and sigh . he 's be sit here quite awhile . finally , the six foot tall receptionist , leave she desk ... she heel click as she walk over . six foot Jacob ... be you ready ? Jacob stand and she lead he toward a bank of elevator . the door open and Jacob get on . int . elevator - day Jacob stand there with six Foot . six foot do you have everything they say you would need ? Jacob nod ... hold a folder of he previous tax form , he passport and other document obviously need for the job . and the elevator door open ... but not to a office ... Jacob shield he eye to the wash of daylight ... then look to realize that he 's on the roof of the building . and in front of he be ... a augusta a109e helicopter with " the Locust Fund " write on the side . int . augusta helicopter - day as Jacob look down to the city below , wonder where the hell they be go ... ext . teterboro airport - day Jacob emerge from the augusta and look across the tarmac to see a boe 727 with " the Locust Fund " write on the side . and now Jacob know why he need he passport . 56 . ext . london - night as the 727 dive down toward biggin Hill airfield ... the light of London twinkle to the north . ext . chelsea - night the Black maybach limousine pull up out front of a 19,000 - square - foot victorian home with the perfectly restore brick exterior . as Jacob get out of the car and size down this incredible home ... int . bretton woods' chelsea home / the black swan house - night the design be much different that Woods 's New York cpw penthouse . it 's more classical ... with dark wood and wear leather and thick rug and commanding view along the River Thames . and Jacob be lead into the ... dine room where bretton eat alone at the head of the long table . bretton wood Jacob . as Jacob walk through the expansive space ... jacob Mr. Woods . bretton wood ( call I ... ) bretton . ... and sit . jacob okay ... bretton . I think we be go to meet in New York . bretton wood and I think you have no interest in work for a fund that be in trouble . jacob I be emotional . I be angry . bretton wood and what change ? jacob I catch a glance of my portfolio . 57 . and bretton laugh . Jacob notice two huge chocolate brown french mastiff sit at bretton 's foot . jacob ( cont 'd ) cute dog . bretton wood dogue de bordeaux ... breed to kill . but contango and backwardation here be socialize since birth so they be harmless . Jacob laugh ... jacob you name you dog after technical future market term ? and bretton stand ... bretton wood of course not ... ( with a wink ) my child do . as he head into ... the live room a fire burn in the fireplace . Jacob follow bretton in ... jacob and where be you child ? bretton move toward a table with a classic phonograph player on it . bretton wood Greece with my wife . my boy be study the iliad now . while bretton look through the various sleeve of record , contango and backwardation slowly find they way into the room and sit by the fire . bretton find what he 's look for ... remove the record from its sleeve . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) here it be ... one of the most beautiful piece of music you will ever hear . bretton place the record on the phonograph and the Rolling Stones " let it loose " ring out ... 58 . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) " Exile on Main Street , " without a doubt the Stones great album . Jacob laugh . he be expect Beethoven . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) it be all outtake . throwaway track . and the critic hate it . and it do not sell well at first . ( beat ) but now it 's universally know as they best release . I ask Mick once how he think that happen . how something could go from so worthless to so valuable . he just look at I and say ... " it never go from worthless to valuable ... just the opinion of it do . " take a seat ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) and that be the great lesson I ever learn about invest . jacob a asset 's value can only be priced at its perception . bretton wood ( impressed ) exactly . there be no intrinsic . then ... simply ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) you will work out of the New York office . I would not want to pull you away from you fiancee in Washington . jacob thank you . bretton wood she 's Gordon gekko 's daughter . jacob that 's right . bretton wood he be a legend at one time . it 's quite sad how he publicly cry out wolf now . bretton stand and stretch . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) you see , for a legend ... 59 . Inside of a tired sigh ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) ... the only thing worse than death be become irrelevant . and bretton just sit there ... enjoy he scotch while take in the Stones tune ... int . london / savoy HOTEL suite - night Jacob stand at the window of he suite ... look out onto the Victoria embankment and on the phone with ... gordon gekko good work , kid -- you be on the inside now . jacob he 's go to Dubai to raise some money then meeting I in New York to set I up . Gordon sit at the dining room table at he apartment . paper scattered about and he editor wait patiently . gordon gekko no . jacob what ? gordon gekko he 's not meeting you in New York . jacob why not ? gordon gekko because you need to go to Dubai with he . jacob I do not understand . ext . london - day as the 727 take off ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) you need to do something that will earn he trust ... you need to make yourself a hero ... int . 727 - day Jacob sit across from bretton who enjoy a slice of pizza and a Coke . 60 . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) Jacob ... you need to help he get this money . and Jacob glare at bretton like he might kill he . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but be cautious . you relationship with bretton be still fragile -- you fuck it up here and you be do . bretton look up and Jacob immediately replace he glare with a smile . jacob look better than meal I get on United . bretton wood John 's pizza on bleeker . it cross the Atlantic with you yesterday . would you like a slice ? Jacob decline ... then ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) I appreciate you want to help with this part of the business even though it 's not you expertise . jacob well -- there 's a lot I can learn from you . bretton wood for this trip just stay in the background and observe . as bretton toss some pizza to contango and backwardation ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) we be go to meet with oleg bakunin . he 's a Russian oligarch on the run because Putin want to steal everything he own . he already have a few hundred million with we but I be look to get half a billion more . we maintenance fee on that alone would be ten million a year . ( beat ) my father do not make half of that in he twenty - six year career . and he look out the window ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) he work in a mid-level job for United bancorp actually ... 61 . never to look from the window ... with just a trace of disdain ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) get a fishing kit when he retire . ext . dubai / aerial view - day the most bizarre , stun city in the world -- outlandish skyscraper , marinas , archipelagos ... and the 727 be now fly over ... the world of island a collection of man-made island that make out a one - dimensional map-like depiction of Earth . as we fly over this archipelago ... bretton wood ( v.o. ) Richard branson purchase great Britain , Rod Stewart buy Germany , Tommy Lee buy Greece . becker jetvan luxury coach it 's custom outfit mercede - benz van that 's completely deck out like the inside of a private jet . full entertainment system , recess LED lighting , tray table , fine leather , black out window that " defog " with the push of a button , design by phillipe starck and make custom for $ 450,000 ( once you get to the top of the wait list . ) Jacob and bretton ride into the city . bretton take a call on he vertu . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yes ... you have to be kid I . he disconnect the call with a mischievous smile and turn to Jacob . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) look like a bit of news break while we be in the air ... and bretton turn on Fox Business to see footage of ... the Governor of New York stand at a podium next to he wife . he do not look happy as he say ... governor ( on the tv ) the remorse I feel will always be with I . word can not describe how grateful I be for the love and compassion they have show I . from that to whom much be give , much be expect .. 62 . Jacob 's confuse ... bretton 's enjoy every second of this ... bretton wood he 's be after we for year ... governor ( on the tv ) I have be give much -- the love of my family , the faith and trust of the people of New York , and the chance to lead this state laugh with delight ... bretton wood oh Jacob ... you do not want to live in a glass house if you be gonna play this game . jacob I do not understand . be he resign ? bretton wood yes sir . jacob what would he do ? and bretton simply turn to he and say ... bretton wood outsource . ext . burj al arab HOTEL - day 1,000 - foot-tall feat of modern design , perch on the edge of the Persian Gulf . as the jetvan pull out front ... bretton wood ( v.o. ) there 's a big party for oleg tonight at a club call the Left Bank . it 's Roaring 20 theme so I have have original suit from that era deliver to we room . int . burj al arab / lobby - day as Jacob and bretton walk through the ridiculously opulent lobby plate in gold leaf . bretton wood remember . hedge fund be not banking and this be not ivy-league - geography - ninth -hole deal make . 63. int . hallway - day as they walk down the hall to they suite ... contango and backwardation tagging along . bretton wood oleg 's a brute , he 's have a.d.d. and he like to party . as they stop in front of large double door ... the bellman open the door to reveal ... the burj al arab premiere suite make the rainman suite at caesar 's look like a standard room at a Motel 6 . 7000 square foot , 360 degree view , 70 inch plasmas share the wall with picassos and monet . bretton nod over to the double door across the hall ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) I be just down the hall . ( with a smile ) I hope you do not mind I take the nicer one . int . jacob' suite / bathroom - night now dress in a tightly - fitting suit over a white shirt with wing collar and stove - pipe skinny trousers , Jacob stand in front of the mirror . as Jacob throw on a top hat and admire the 1928 version of himself .... int . the left bank - night a Roaring 20 's party be take place ... it 's full - on speakeasy vibe . it 's right out of 1928 , only with european , Russians and Middle -easterner . smoke fill the room . a jazz band roar . drink flow . as Jacob and bretton head in ... bretton wood if he offer you a drink -- take it . and with that , bretton point across the room where oleg bakunin sit . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) if he offer you a line of coke -- snort it . he 's in he mid-40s , overweight , sweaty , drape in tight black prada and smoking a cigarette . 64 . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) if he offer you a child -- raise it . and it seem a model bomb have recently explode at oleg 's table ... leave the skinny shard everywhere . oleg see they , stand and open he arm . oleg bretton Woods have arrive . bretton smile . they head over . oleg turn to one of the model girl next to he . oleg ( cont 'd ) I want you to meet one of the only man in the world who might be as rich as I be . wait a minute ... bretton what do oil close at today ? bretton wood a hundred and twenty - nine dollar a barrel . oleg ( to model girl ) forget what I say -- I be much richer than he . oleg then look at Jacob . oleg ( cont 'd ) who the fuck be this ? jacob oleg , I be Jacob Moore . it 's nice to meet you . oleg regards Jacob for a beat , then back to bretton and ask again ... oleg who the fuck be this ? bretton smile ... bretton wood Jacob have recently come over from kzi to work with I . and now oleg turn to Jacob . oleg kzi ? you work with Andrew Zabel ? Jacob take a beat . then ... jacob that 's right . 65 . oleg he be a legend . Jacob just nod , not show any emotion . oleg motion for the girl to make room and they all sit ... oleg ( cont 'd ) it be that mortgage shit . he should have just focus on manage money and not fuck around with that crazy mortgage shit . bretton just look away . Jacob stay cool . oleg ( cont 'd ) it be a shame he fund be only for institution ... I would have like to have invest . oleg motion to a waitress who immediately pour vintage champagne . oleg ( cont 'd ) in honor of the theme tonight , have a glass of 1927 heidsiek champagne ... oleg hand Jacob a flute before he can decline . oleg ( cont 'd ) this be one of two hundred bottle discover on a shipwreck off the coast of Finland ... thirty grand a bottle . and oleg aggressively put he arm around Jacob , bring he into a drunken half - bear hug and spilling most of the champagne out of Jacob 's flute . ext . dubai harbor - night oleg and some of he crew lead Jacob , bretton and three beautiful , giggle model girl down a trail to a secluded moor . fishing boat bob violently in the water -- and next to they be oleg 's Phoenix 1000 , he personal , 65 - meter submarine . as a boatman help they all climb aboard : oleg Phoenix 1000 . int . submarine - night as they walk through the ornate deck saloon : oleg beckon jasper toward a huge panoramic window look out at the city of Dubai . 66 . and then the view start to move . the surface of the water rise before they , Dubai recede and the submarine descend spectacularly into the depth . oleg 5000 square foot , 30 day of oxygen capacity . int . the deck SALOON - night light illuminate the dark water as curious fish flit past . Jacob , bretton and oleg be on divan , the girl undulate around they . oleg bretton , I have ... what ?... two hundred million with you . bretton wood and hopefully that 's just a start . oleg , there be so many opportunity out there right now I feel like a kid in the candy store . oleg wave he off . oleg you know I like to spread it around ... I be like my own fund of fund . I do not like to have too much with one manager . as oleg shake cocaine out of a envelope ... oleg ( cont 'd ) you never really know who to trust in this world . Jacob take a beat , swallow nervously , then ... jacob I could not agree more , oleg . it 's one of the first thing that Andrew Zabel teach I . I work very closely with he . it 's why bretton hire I . to get behind the Andrew Zabel curtain . bretton flash Jacob a look ... " what the hell be you do ? " Jacob swallow back some nerve then continue ... jacob ( cont 'd ) you say before that you always want to invest with Zabel but could not because he only handle institutional money . well here 's you chance . Zabel teach I everything he know . oleg look up to Jacob from the line of coke with interest . 67 . oleg such as ... ? jacob well , I be not go to give you the whole cake , oleg ... he look over to bretton who still glare at Jacob ... jacob ( cont 'd ) but I can give you a little bite ... ( beat ) it involve building position in high yield stock new to volatility then write call with split strike price . and oleg regards Jacob for a long moment , a jury determine the verdict ... Jacob hold on to that sly smile ... bretton look away ... play it cool . jacob ( cont 'd ) it 's complicated but like bretton say -- right now there be more opportunity than ever . oleg simply nod ... with a simple ... oleg interesting . ... then do another line . int . jacob be suite - night Jacob sleep . there 's a knock on he door . he stir . the knock 's louder . then ... Jacob finally wake , move to the door and open it to see ... two beautiful russian women , paulina and nadia nadia we be here for the party . confused ... jacob what party ? paulina oleg say you need a party ... cozy up to she friend with a smile ... nadia ... and we be it . Jacob nervously think , then ... 68 . jacob come in . int . jacob be suite - later we pan across the suite ... past the roaring fire ... paulina ( o.s. ) right there ... ? ... past the empty bottle of champagne ... jacob ( o.s. ) no ... not there ... nadia ( o.s. ) how about there ? I bet you want I to do it there . ... past the plate of half - eat chocolate strawberry ... jacob ( o.s. ) no ... I want you to hold it . and find the three of they ... nadia ( o.s. ) but it 's go up so much . ... sit at Jacob 's computer ... look over a chart for a Russian oil company . jacob I know ... but if you be go to correctly utilize this technical head and shoulder strategy , you need to hold the stock until ... ( point on the chart ) ... right here . paulina I always sell too soon . jacob very common mistake . you need to cut you loser short and let you winner run . she look to she friend with a smile ... nadia good advice for everything ... no ? her friend agree with a laugh . and Jacob check the clock . jacob okay . I think enough time have pass . I appreciate you guy keep we little secret . 69 . as he walk they to the door ... nadia you must love she very much . jacob I do . Jacob open the door to let they go but he hear a door open across the hall ... bretton 's . and they all witness a younger american woman leave bretton 's room then head down the hall right by they . Jacob 's stunne . paulina the most famous hooker in the world . off Jacob 's confusion ... the younger american woman that have just leave bretton 's room look right at we under the caption " the Governor 's $ 5000 mistake " pull back to be on perezhilton.com Jacob Moore sit in front of he computer . and he turn to paulina . jacob be she a gift from oleg ? paulina no . she 's bretton 's go-to . nadia he fly she in wherever he 's at . and Jacob slowly take that in ... absolutely floor . int . burj al arab / lobby - morning wearing sunglass , Jacob greet bretton at the elevator . bretton wood you look like crap . they walk for the exit . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) let I ask you something ... be that speech about split strike price and stock new to volatility for real ? jacob no bretton . that be all bullshit . 70 . bretton smile . bretton wood well , it work . oleg 's wiring we five hundred million dollar today . and bretton turn to Jacob ... impressed . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) good job , Jacob ... and as they head out into the Dubai heat ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( pre - lap ) so he trust you now . ext . bowling GREEN park - day the iconic charge bull of Wall Street . jacob ( v.o. ) I think so . Travel the park to find ... Jacob and Gordon stop at the food vendor . gordon gekko well , I be happy to help . ( and then ) what about you end of the trade , Sport ? jacob oh ... I be still work on it . ( beat ) I will talk to she . I promise . gordon gekko ( to vendor ) hot dog . ( to jacob ) what do you want ? jacob ( to vendor ) I will take a pretzel . as they get they food and walk ... gordon gekko so you be a hedge fund cowboy now ? shake he head ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) goddamn hedge fund -- what a racket . play the world casino , betting other people 's money with leverage . and it 's completely legal and completely unregulate . ( more ) 71 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) the hustle they get away with make insider trading seem like a parking ticket . slam into the frontier fund / trading pit row and row of computer in a large dark room .... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) nassim tariq and he Frontier Fund . with they slew of MIT grad who become glorify millionaire robot push button ... ... with casually dress asian and indian in they 20 work the keyboard like zomby . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... slave to top -secret propriety elegant algorithm that work until they do not . and slam into essex capital adviser / conference room a stuffy conference room half - fill with bored men in they 40s watch a presentation ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) or the baby cub fund like sammy rosen 's Essex adviser ... fill with Goldman sach and Julian Robertson pedigree . most of the man type on they blackberrys ... one be actually asleep . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Men who be way too rich , lazy and tired to run money properly anymore . then slam into the daniel activist fund / allan daniel be office a small cluttere office with papers strewn about ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) or allan Daniel 's and he bully operation . allan daniel , a small bull - dog of a man , pace back and forth ... dictating in anger . his secretary type down every word he 's shouting . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... with he angry letter to company board that be nothing but veile threat in the name of activism . and right back to bowling GREEN park where Gordon stop walk ... 72 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) so you be inside ... you have he trust ... and now you want to know what 's next . and Jacob 's look over to gekko confirm this . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) here 's the thing about bretton . he put all of he money into he own fund which make he stupid , egotistical , and most importantly ... vulnerable . ( beat ) and he chase . he do not take loss well and he chase with leverage . he think he 's a trader , he think he 's a investor but he 's not . he 's a gambler . regard Jacob ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) that pretzel look good . Jacob just shrug . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) Care to make a trade ? jacob whatever . and they trade . the hotdog for the pretzel . gordon gekko as for you end of we trade . ( beat ) find a way for I to reunite with my daughter , Jake . because we both know how she would react to the fact that you have be lie to she about bond with you future father - in- law . just stand there ... hold that hot dog ... jacob be that a threat ? look Jacob dead on ... gordon gekko absolutely . Jacob just shake he head with a laugh ... now realize that gekko talk he into this position for this exact leverage . jacob you be priceless , Gordon . 73. with a smile ... gordon gekko just be happy I be on you team . ( and then ) get he into a bad position and watch he chase it . jacob what bad position ? gordon gekko what have I be say all along , kid ? jacob financial . gordon gekko they be a death trap -- mark my word . int . the LOCUST fund / jacob be office - day as Jacob take in he new view ... it 's spectacular . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) but he will not fall for a brokerage or bank play this late in the game . everyone know they be poison . and time lapse as the office grow furniture ... a plasma on the wall ... a computer on the desk ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) sell he on insurance . there 's a case to be make for that stock ... ill - fated as they may be . ... book on the shelf ... picture on the wall ... a couch and table ... a paper shredder and waste basket ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but take you time ... make he think you have be do you due diligence . find Jacob at he desk ... work away at he computer ... it 's late at night . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) make it look like you be work you ass off to find he this genius trade ... come in early , leave late and do not bring up the idea for at least a few week . and Jacob finally get up from he desk ... go to the window ... look across midtown Manhattan ... 74 . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and then Jacob ... ... eye paste on a building make of glass and steel ... a building he once call home ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... sell he hard ... then watch he bite ... then watch he chase ... ... kzi investment . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... then watch he come undone . ext . 533 third avenue - day holding he suitcase , Jacob emerge from the elevator and head for a wait town car . Jacob see Diego ... jacob bring it . Diego smile ... love this new one ... diego what 's the most dangerous question on Wall Street ? jacob tell I . diego " how be you ? " and Jacob agree whole - heartedly as he head on he way . ext . WASHINGTON DC - morning as the sun rise over we nation 's capital . ext . rock creek park - morning winnie and Jacob jog the park through the humid July haze . it 's very early . and Jacob stop jogging . catch he breath . she keep run . jacob why be you with I ? she stop and turn back to he . winnie what ? 75 . jacob you hate finance . you hate Wall Street . why be you with I ? winnie nod . it 's a valid question . and she think about it for a moment , then ... winnie repetition compulsion . jacob huh ? winnie it 's Freud . jacob and what do it mean , psych major ? winnie well , it 's when people repeat the same dysfunctional relationship from childhood in they adult life in hope of try to master they . jacob like when child of alcoholics fall in love with alcoholics . winnie yeah . he turn away ... upset . jacob that 's great , winnie . winnie Jacob , that might be why I be initially attract to you ... but it 's not why I love you . she move to he . winnie ( cont 'd ) I love you because you be compassionate and you care so deeply about what you do and you have like no ego , it 's crazy . she reach to he ... turn he face to meet hers . winnie ( cont 'd ) and you be the smartest person I have ever meet ... and there 's nobody I trust more in the world . Jacob look away ... almost ashamed . and winnie can sense something 's not right . 76 . winnie ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? jacob nothing ... as Jacob draw in a deep breath , collect himself and finally turn back to she with ... jacob ( cont 'd ) I just wish you would master that relationship from childhood so you can move forward with this one . and be back on the chart as a circle form on July 20th then travel down the trend and stop . and as a circle be form around August 11th , we ... CUT to : ext . westside highway - day and Manhattan ... as it sweat through the heart of summer . two jetvan ride uptown ... int . jetvan - day as Jacob ride with bretton ... jacob bretton ... I find something I like . bretton look over to he . bretton wood I have be wonder when my new portfolio manager be go to come to I with something special . jacob I just want to make sure I would be bring you the smartest idea possible . I know you do not go light . confirm ... bretton wood that 's right . if I commit to this ... we go large and we do not back down . jacob it might be better to do this in the office . I have color and support to present -- waving he off ... 77 . bretton wood c'mon Jacob , you know that 's not how we do . ext . adirondack forest preserve - day 2.7 million acre of State protect majestic land . all nature ... river and lake ... cypress and maple . clean air . and trail . many trail that go on for mile . as the two becker jetvan arrive at a restrict area , a state ranger open the gate and allow they to drive through then park . Jacob and bretton emerge from the jetvan . bretton wood this be how we do . and with a nod , the driver of the other jetvan open it to reveal two motorcycle inside . bretton 's mtt turbine superbike and a agusta , this bike be handcraft work of art as much as they be demon of speed . Jacob laugh in disbelief and excitement . jacob and we be allow to ride this through here ? suck in the fresh summer air ... bretton wood no . and jacob and bretton now deck out in leather riding gear ... on the bike ... at the mouth of the trail ... revving the engine ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) follow I ... and with that , shoot into the forest . Jacob quickly follow . and they ride winding through the tree ... along the side of a river ... bretton riding extremely fast with Jacob try to keep up . bretton reach a clear and wait for Jacob to catch up . once he do ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) you be go to have to keep up . jacob okay . I be just get use to it . 78 . bretton wood tell I you idea . jacob here ? bretton wood where else ? jacob right . okay . ( collecting himself ) be you still short any of the financial ? bretton wood no. after kzi , I take profit . jacob I think it 's time to go the other way . bretton wood bank ? jacob insurance company . I be talk the old school insurer that have become the baby throw out with the bath water . Jacob wait for a reaction from bretton . but all he get be ... bretton wood keep up ! and with that , bretton rip into the clear . Jacob ride just as fast . they be neck and neck ... it 's definitely a race . bretton pull ahead but Jacob do not give up . as they move quickly toward a patch of forest with a only narrow trail enter it , Jacob focus on the horizon and revs the bike into more speed . he pull up next to bretton as they approach the trail . if Jacob do not slow down , and fall in line behind bretton , he 's go to hit the tree . but he do not . instead , Jacob blast the bike into its final dose of speed , narrowly avoid impact by zipping into the trail ... pull ahead of bretton and take the lead . a tranquil lake as it sit still in the set sun . untouch by man . bretton and Jacob get off the bike and walk to the shore . as they catch they breath and enjoy the beauty ... 79 . jacob the basket of stock I be put together focus on reinsurance broker and management service for business . they be trading below book and have large dividend . ( beat ) I say we buy they here . bretton think about it . he 's not sure . bretton wood financial be a fall knife . Jacob nod ... jacob I be not argue that ... but the best opportunity be find where angel fear to tread . Jacob can see ... he have bretton on the hook . jacob ( cont 'd ) so yeah -- they be fall knife . but bretton ... and with confidence ... drive it home ... jacob ( cont 'd ) ... what 's life without a little blood on you hand ? int . jacob be office - day as worker install a electronic ticker that wrap around the top circumference of the whole office ... similar to the one Andrew Zabel have . bretton wood ( v.o. ) okay . then I want you to build position in you favorite three name . Jacob pick up the phone and ... the screen split in two with Jacob on top and robby on the bottom . as robby take the order and start type into he bloomberg ... bretton wood ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I want you stealth . use all six trading desk we be in business with . now robby's half of the screen split into 6 SMALL box 80 . six different trading desk ... six different broker take call from Jacob who still own the whole top half of the screen . bretton wood ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and if they go down ... we increase we size . and back to jacob lean back ... foot on desk ... stare at the ticker ... which only have three stock on it ... bretton wood ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) see Jacob -- I do not believe in " wrong . " mcc at $ 21.65 , acn at $ 16.24 and ISS at $ 7.23 . bretton wood ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I only believe in " not right yet . " ext . upper west side - night a rainstorm take over the city . a cab pull out front of shun Lee Cafe . int . taxi - night winnie suck in a deep breath . winnie he choose this restaurant . Jacob confirm . winnie ( cont 'd ) we use to come here every Sunday night . he take she hand . jacob you be go to be fine . winnie I be only do this for you . jacob no . you be do this for you . she just glare at he . winnie we be never have sex again . jacob then what my friend say about marriage will be true . 81 . and she nervously fight back a smile ... winnie oh , shut up . int . shun lee cafe - night the host lead winnie and Jacob through the grand dining room . Gordon see they and stand up . we can tell he 's anxious as well . gordon gekko hi. Fighting back the nerve ... winnie hey . they just stand there . Jacob hold out he hand . jacob Mr. gekko , I be Jacob Moore , we speak on the phone . Nice to finally meet in person . gekko just look at he for a extra long beat , then ... shake he hand . gordon gekko yes . they all sit . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) Jacob , shall we get some wine ? jacob I do not drink . gordon gekko oh ... okay . then Gordon attempt a smile over to he daughter . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) let I guess ... the ginger garlic lobster . winnie ( to jacob ) I use to order that every time . she close she menu . winnie ( cont 'd ) I be not really hungry . 82. gordon gekko I have be follow you career , winnie . Senator lehigh say some very nice thing about you in the american prospect interview . winnie yeah . she 's really be ... very ... supportive of my ... and it trail off ... as she just glare at Gordon . winnie ( cont 'd ) I can not do this . she exhales , stand and look down to Jacob . winnie ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I can not do this . and she quickly walk off . Jacob freeze . until Gordon look over to he with ... gordon gekko it 's okay . this be a long term investment . ( beat ) go after she . she need you . and Jacob do . as Gordon look down ... disappointed . int . west 65 th - night pour rain . Jacob run after she . jacob winnie ... winnie ... he turn she around . winnie you do not understand . her tear be wash away by the rain . winnie ( cont 'd ) my mother could not handle rudy . he be so out of control . I could not help he . Jacob take she into he hold ... winnie ( cont 'd ) ( re gekko ) if he be not in prison ... if he have be there . I know it would have be different . jacob you brother 's dead , winnie . 83. squeeze she tight ... jacob ( cont 'd ) you father be not . winnie he 's not the person people think he be . jacob it be a long time ago . she pull out of he embrace ... winnie he will hurt we . can not we just go home ? please ... Jacob . it 's raining . and he just look at she for a long moment ... soaking wet and shiver ... cry and expose . jacob ( what be I do ? ) I love you . you do not have to do this . ( and then ) let 's just go home . int . jacob be apartment - night darkness . the phone ring . Jacob answer it . jacob yes . intercut with ... bretton wood you insurance company be down . he 's work a coffee in the master suite of the Black swan Home ... jacob bretton . bretton wood I want to increase we size . glancing at the lcd , 12:23am ... jacob okay . good . it 's just a matter of time before they turn . I will call the desk tomorrow -- bretton wood Jacob , I want you to triple we position on all three . 84 . Jacob take a beat . jacob okay . bretton wood and they better fuck go up . click . and as Jacob just look at the phone ... gordon gekko ( prelap ) the instant you know you be in trouble be the exact moment when a sound investment thesis turn into blind hope . int . norma' - morning Jacob sit across from Gordon at this well - know breakfast spot in the parker meridian hotel . gordon gekko tripling the size ... that 's a very aggressive move . Jacob nod . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) and I promise you he 's use leverage to do this . jacob he 's chase . suddenly , a man approach the table . he 's in he thirty . tom Mr gekko , I be Tom Sanders . I write for barron . gordon gekko I have hear of it . letting out a little laugh ... tom I be sure you have . ( beat ) well , I be do a piece of Wall Street mogul who end up go to prison . I have already talk to boesky and milken and would love to sit down with you . gordon gekko can you give I the cover ? Tom be not sure if Gordon 's serious . either be Jacob . 85 . tom well , I ... um ... do not make that decision . gordon gekko get I the cover and I will give you seventy minute . Tom politely smile . tom I will ... take that as a no . ... and go . Gordon look down to he breakfast and quietly assert ... gordon gekko ( almost to himself ) both that asshole get the cover when they be convict . and after a moment ... jacob how do we know the insurance company be go to continue go down ? as he casually place he egg on a piece of toast ... gordon gekko it 's all go down . ... and take a bite . and three chart now fill the screen side by side ... above the chart be write respectively mcc , acn and ISS . and we follow all the three trend line from aug 17th forward to the right ... and they all move down . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) just wait . and we stop in September . and as a blue circle be form over Sept 13th on all three chart , we ... CUT to : time warner CENTER / ballroom this be the Financial folly ... a annual event hold by the financial writer association . 500 people sit at table , enjoy this dinner and live show that poke fun at people in the world of finance . everyone who 's anyone in high finance be here . 86 . on the stage , the spotlight find bill maher and the applause break out ... bill maher welcome to the 2008 Financial folly ! ( applaud ) I be Bill maher and I be get pay in euros . Jacob share a table with bretton , bretton 's wife and a few other financial player . winnie be not here . bill maher ( cont 'd ) when the Financial writer Association ask I to host a event for the world of finance , I be shocked . I be know in Washington not Wall Street ... ( beat ) ... but then they inform I that Washington be actually in the process of buy Wall Street , so it all make sense . laughter ... bill maher ( cont 'd ) I ask they if anything 's off limit . and they say to stay away from the brokerage , bank and insurer ... ( pause for effect , then ... ) ... where the fuck be that advice five month ago ? more laughter . bill maher ( cont 'd ) I see sammy rosen 's here . the spotlight find sammy rosen , billionaire hedge funder . bill maher ( cont 'd ) sammy , how be you ? from he table ... sammy rosen do well . bill maher ( to the room ) of course he be ... in the amount of time it take for we to have that exchange , he make three hundred and nine thousand dollar . ( back to sammy ) sammy , let I give you some free advice , the next time someone with bad eyesight want to sell you a hundred and fifty million dollar painting ... do not let they personally deliver it . 87 . it 's a inside joke that this room get ... bill maher ( cont 'd ) somebody tell I Gordon gekko be here . Gordon ... ? across the room , a spotlight find Gordon ... bill maher ( cont 'd ) there you be . I have some inside information for you , gekko ... sex sell book , not bread line . Gordon smile and raise he glass up to Bill . bill maher ( cont 'd ) talk about you sour grape . seriously Gordon -- just because the SEC do not let you make obscene amount of money by be wrong and nefarious do not mean you have to ruin it for all of this hard work people . the room applaud ... bill maher ( cont 'd ) okay , we have a video to show now . it 's a very detailed and academic account of the current mortgage crise . let `er rip ! and the room go dark ... and on the screen play a childlike roughly illustrate stick - figure skit be narrate by child . first frame under the caption " Main Street National Bank " be a draw of a poor man sit across from a banker man behind he desk . poor man I would like a mortgage ... I do not really have any money though ... be that cool ? banker man totally cool . since housing price be always go up it will not be a problem . poor man you guy be awesome ! next frame under the caption " a few week later at the bank ... " banker man now stand over a pile of steaming shit . 88. banker man wow , this mortgage be really beginning to smell . I better sell they to smart people . next frame under the caption of " smart people investment Bank " smart man stand over the same steaming pile of shit . smart man wow , this mortgage we just buy really smell . I better sell they to foreigner . next frame under the caption of " the cdo Factory " we smart man oversee a assembly line of stick figure worker . smart man ( cont 'd ) mix that crappy mortgage in real good with the clean one so the rating agency will not smell they . next frame under the caption of " Rich man hedge Fund " a stick figure name Rich man sit behind he desk and hold a phone to he ear . rich man good news , smart man , not only do foreigner buy that traunches , but so do school board and charity and big pension . ( beat ) why do they buy they you ask ? well , they be look for a really secure risk - free investment and they be all triple a , so ... next frame under the caption " norwegian Village pension Fund " a norwegian man sit behind he desk and shout into he phone . norwegian man hey man ! what the fuck ? we be not receive we monthly payment ! next frame under the caption " Rich man hedge Fund , " Rich man at he desk on the phone . rich man yeah , we fuck up . 89 . and it now shuffles between the last two frame ... the norwegian man and Rich man. norwegian man what about the rating agency ? rich man yeah , they fuck up too . norwegian man what about the investment bank that put this cdo 's together ? rich man fucked up . norwegian man what about the bank that make the original loan ? rich man totally fuck up . norwegian man what be I suppose to tell my villager ? rich man that you fuck up . the final frame just the rendering of that steaming pile of shit under the caption ... " the end . " and the light go on to a some subdued laughter and a smatter of applause . bill maher what a year -- enjoy the night ! int . financial folly - later Desert be serve . jacket be off , cigar be light , bretton 's wife have go home . the group at the table be a little drunk and have a good time . bretton wood it 's a good question ... what do you think , George ? GEORGE , a investment banker at the table , think about it . GEORGE the definition of rich ... fly private . the table react ... some agree , other do not . George turn to Jacob . 90 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) Jacob ... ? what do you think ? jacob to be rich ... be to have the love of a good woman . they all boo ... jacob ( cont 'd ) ( with a smile ) for real ... I truly believe that . and Jacob turn to bretton ... jacob ( cont 'd ) bretton ... what 's you definition of rich ? a approach voice answer it for he . voice ( o.s. ) to have twice as much money as you currently do . as he take a seat ... gordon gekko be not that what you always say , bretton ? then ... announce to the table ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) he bring up the question , run it round the table then finish with that . it 's a old bit . also announce to the table ... bretton wood be careful Gordon ... ( look at Jacob ) ... you daughter 's financial health be in my hand now . Jacob lose he smile ... suddenly become uncomfortable . gordon gekko that 's right . ( beat ) and the way the Locust Fund have be buy up the insurance company lately make I worried about my future grandchild 's college education . jacob ( to bretton ) I do not tell he . 91 . bretton wood no , I do not suppose you do . bretton look over to Jacob . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) go ahead , Jacob , preach you book ... defend you name . and Jacob turn to Gordon ... jacob we have a proactive central bank , the chart show a clear bottom on July 15th and this company be trading at half of what they be six month ago . gordon gekko just cause it 's low do not make it cheap , Sport . jacob I read you book . gordon gekko it 's not out yet . jacob I have a friend in publishing . ( beat ) 25 % unemployment ... stagflation ... bread line ... martial law ... government seizure of asset and gold ... end of democracy ... bretton lean back ... take in this sparring match . jacob ( cont 'd ) really Gordon ? do you really need attention that badly ? gordon gekko since I have forty - four second to spare , I be go to tell you a story . it 's about a guy name Sam . and we go close on gekko ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) Sam use to work a job , he make thing and he grow thing and he sell that thing . until one day Sam get a credit card and be amaze how easy it be to buy thing with it . so Sam get another card and then another . then he use the credit card money to make it look like he have a income ... and he use that " income " to secure a loan . ( more ) 92 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) and with that loan Sam buy a fancy BMW car and rent a fancy penthouse apartment . ( beat ) now , the credit card hit they limit and the bank need he to service that loan , so Sam go to he friend . his chinese friend ... and he japanese friend ... and he british friend and so on . and he friend loan Sam money . ( another beat ) and that bring we to today ... where Sam owe the credit card and Sam owe the bank and Sam owe he friend and eventually they be go to take away Sam 's fancy BMW car and he fancy penthouse apartment . and Jacob can now see ... in Gordon gekko 's eye ... he truly believe every word he 's say . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) and Sam do not make anything anymore and Sam do not grow anything anymore so Sam do not sell anything anymore . as he stand ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) we favorite uncle Sam 's desperate , Jake ... and he just find a printing press in he basement . ( beat ) so you tell I -- where do we go from here ? and with that , Gordon gekko go . bretton wood ( re gekko ) it be sad be not it ? that he can not just take he ball and go home . ( beat ) that he have to piss on the whole game . ext . 533 third avenue - morning rushed , Jacob head through the lobby of he building . Diego catch he stride . diego ( do he best Howard cosell ) down go lehman ! down go lehman ! down go lehman ! and Jacob just keep walk ... 93. int . the LOCUST fund / jacob be office - morning Jacob head into the office to find bretton sit behind he desk . bretton wood they be not go to save it . they be just go to let it bloody die ! and sure enough ... on the tv ... Fox Business run footage of lehman brother 's demise . on the screen , the chyron scream : $ 700 billion government bailout to the bank ! alexis glick ( on tv ) and as another US banking institution collapse , Congress be work quickly on a bailout package that will distribute over three hundred billion dollar to other bank in trouble . bretton turn off the tv and look to Jacob with ... bretton wood we be get fuck kill . and Jacob look up to he electronic ticker ... mcc $ 18.53 - 2.34 , acn $ 12.04 - 1.35 , ISS $ 7.03 -.65 . jacob it 's capitulation . bretton hold Jacob 's look ... fight to keep he composure . until ... he simply stand and offer Jacob he desk back . bretton wood then buy more . Jacob take he chair and reach for the phone . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) cost we down to current level . Jacob look up , surprised . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) it 's just a question of time before this turn around ... right ? and he glare at Jacob . jacob right . bretton just stare nervously at the electronic ticker ... a frazzle gambler talk himself into he bet . bretton wood fuck it . 94 . as he go ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) leverage be sexy . and be back on the chart as a circle form on Sept 16th then travel down the trend line and stop . and as a circle be form around the Sept 24th , we ... CUT to : int . jacob be apartment - night lcd read 4:43 be . Jacob lay awake ... stare at the ceiling . winnie ( o.s. ) I would hear he in the kitchen . Jacob turn to see she 's awake . jacob I be sorry , you have a early train . I be go to just go to the office now . she lean up . winnie he do not want to keep my mother awake so he would go into the kitchen and sit there . I could hear he because my room be right up the back stair . I would go and sit with he sometimes . we would eat ice cream . Jacob get out of bed and throw on he robe . winnie ( cont 'd ) I be only eight but I could tell he be worried about something and that make I worried . ( softly , almost to herself ) then the market would go back up and he would sleep through the night again . jacob it 's not the market , winnie . as he sit on the edge of the bed ... jacob ( cont 'd ) it 's just that I have not be able to sleep through the night since ... the think trail off ... she lean up and kiss he . 95 . winnie I wish I could tell you something be go to come along that would make it better but I can not . it 's just go to take time , Jacob . a lot of time . and she look into he eye ... winnie ( cont 'd ) have you be count Fridays ? he slowly nod . winnie ( cont 'd ) I still count tuesday . ( beat ) all seven hundred and twenty eight of they . he lean over and kiss she forehead . jacob go back to sleep . and he go ... after a beat , she see Jacob 's wallet . winnie ( call out after he ) Jacob , you forget ... she jump out of bed , grab the wallet and go after he , but ... it open up and winnie notice the picture inside . and she stop , stare at that picture . her and she father on that white horse ... take year ago . a picture she know she never give to Jacob . int . the LOCUST fund / jacob be office - morning Jacob head in and turn on Fox Business ... brian sullivan ( on tv ) it 's a complete unmitigate bloodbath out there . the s&amp ; p try to rally at about 10 be but it be meet with yet another brutal wave of sell and people ... we be now at we low for the day , the week , the month and the year . Jacob look up at ticker on the wall . mcc $ 15.13 - 3.40 , acn $ 10.10 - 1.96 , ISS $ 5.14 - 1.89 . 96 . and he stare at that ticker ... at the the Locust Fund 's methodical death . suddenly ... bretton wood ( o.s. ) be you happy ? he stand in the doorway hold a drink . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) we be do . and bretton chuck the drink against the wall and the glass shatter . Jacob take a step back . bretton 's in a complete state as he walk over to Jacob 's desk and swipe it clean ... papers fly about . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) finish ... now he pick up the chair ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) Bank notice ... ... throw it against the window ... which crack . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) margin call ... as he punch the monitor of Jacob 's bloomberg ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) redemption ... and Jacob just stand there ... wide - eye . just look at ... bretton wood face full of sweat ... blood all over he hand ... hair strewn about ... completely out of breath ... bloodshot red eye ... a beat down mess of a man . jacob what happen to composure , bretton ? bretton wood well , I suppose it go to hell with you fuck insurance stock . and bretton calm down , walk to the window . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) it 's not make sense to I anymore . the market always make sense to I and for the most part ... I be better than it ... quick than it . ( more ) 97 . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but it 's move too fast now and it look like the world be go to shit anyway . and he face Jacob Moore . bretton wood ( cont 'd ) if I unwind the fund now I will still walk with six hundred million or so . and Jacob 's face fall ... this be news to he . jacob what ? bretton wood it 's time to call it a day . spend more time with my family . I suppose this moment come for all of we . jacob you still have six hundred million ? bretton vacantly nod . and Jacob Moore ... try he best to hide he disappointment ... jacob ( cont 'd ) ( almost to himself ) that 's a fortune . with a shrug ... bretton wood I guess it 's all relative . bretton then take a moment ... confirm to himself that this be the right decision ... then finally look over to Jacob with ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) and Jacob -- you be the worst portfolio manager I have ever see . int . central park - dusk sheep 's meadow ... paint in the soft light of sunset . Fresh off he morning run , Gordon wear a sweat suit and work a vitamin water . Jacob approach in he suit . jacob he want to close the fund ... he want to ride off into the fuck sunset ... gordon gekko okay ... 98 . jacob no , it 's not okay ... because we be so fuck close ... and he 's go to walk with six hundred million dollar and that 's unacceptable . and Gordon sigh in defeat ... gordon gekko I do not know what to tell you , pal . you want to make he bleed , I want my daughter back ... as he walk ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) ... look like life bring disappointment to we all . and Jacob ... as he match Gordon 's stride ... in a complete state . jacob what happen to slaughtering man , Gordon ? what happen to turn they into penny - ante broker in poughkeepsie ? Gordon stop walk . gordon gekko look at you . this can not possibly be the man my daughter fall in love with . Jacob turn away . jacob I want to finish the job . gordon gekko why ? jacob because nobody give a shit about I before Andrew Zabel come along . because he do not deserve what he get . gordon gekko the universe be a efficient market , kid ... we all get what we deserve . jacob do you ? now it 's Gordon who look away . gordon gekko I know you care about he ... and I know how that motivate . but Jacob ... he be not such a Saint . 99 . and with that , Gordon gekko head on he way ... jacob what 's that suppose to mean ? gordon gekko you do not want to know . Jacob step forward ... shouting out after he ... jacob I be sorry she do not want anything to do with you , Gordon -- I be sorry she do not love you ! Gordon stop walk . turn ... gordon gekko okay Jake ... you want to know . Jacob sharply nod . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) do you ever think about it ? I mean really think about it ? how someone could make money year after year ... even through bear market ? Jacob just stand there ... listen ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) on November 15th , 1903 a italian man arrive aboard the s.s. Vancouver in Boston . he have two dollar and fifty cent to he name . yet just a few year later he be millionaire . you wanna know how ? he have invent a scheme ... it be quite simple actually . and Jacob now step forward ... piece it together ... jacob no ... gordon gekko he would get people to invest with he by offer larger than normal return then pay the old investor with the new investor money . as long as there be fresh money , he could keep go . do you know what he name be , Jacob ? it be Charles ... ( beat ) Charles ponzi. flash to a old brick build " jenkov Foundation for Brain Research " above the door ... researcher in lab coat come in and out of it . 100 . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Research facility ... then to a college campus student walk the quad ... wear backpack and socialize ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and scholarship ... then to a bike path somewhere in Florida . a couple in they 70 enjoy a beautiful day ... riding bicycle side by side ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and retiree ... and right back to central park Gordon step forward ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) all of they go to bed think they be perfectly fine ... be go to wake up to find they be completely wipe out ... jacob you be lie . gordon gekko I be not , Son . I wish I be . Jacob just stand there ... stunne with what he 's hearing . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) see Jacob , you know how to get that out of I . by play I off of what I really want ... my daughter back . ( beat ) so you need get bretton back in the game ... play he off of what he really want . and off Jacob 's reaction ... int . 15 th STREET diner - night Jacob share a table with we Morgan stanley portfolio manager . morgan portfolio manager it 's ugly out there dude . I wake up everyday wonder if today 's the day we be go under . 101 . jacob I know . but I do have something for you ... and as Morgan portfolio manager lean forward in anticipation ... int . toyota dealership - day as Jacob and hedge Fund pm walk the floor ... check out the new 2009 prius . hedge fund pm I be go to get the new maserati , but ... you know ... Jacob slowly nod . then ... jacob so I hear something earlier today ... ext . riverside park - day as Jacob jog with we blogger from streetaccount.com . blogger it 's so much better work out outdoors ... that gym be so stuffy . jacob not to mention expensive . blogger right . jacob so , you have obviously hear the rumor ? and blogger look over to Jacob ... he have not . int . streetaccount.com office - morning as we blogger from the gym sip he coffee , fire up he computer and start to type ... int . the capital fund / new york office - morning as hedge Fund pm stand up to present to the team with a confident smile ... int . morgan stanley / private client group office - morning as Morgan portfolio receive the digital receipt ... " 1209 instant message send . " ext . 15 central park west - night as the cab stop outside of the building ... 102 . int . bretton woods' office - night as the thunder clap outside . Jacob stare at the goya painting ... saturno devorando a sus hijo saturn . the man be eat alive . bretton wood ( o.s. ) I do not like unannounced visit . jacob United bancorp be go under . Wells fargo have step up but the offer be insanely low . bretton wood I know all this . jacob you still have the fund and you still have the leverage that come with it . you want out of the game ... buy a bank . bretton skeptically regards Jacob . bretton wood why be you do this ? jacob because I get you into that insurance company ... because I let you down ... and bretton ... bite he lip in think ... bretton wood I do not like the mortgage toxic waste . it can not be quantify ... and it spread ... jacob I work it out already . you would not have to take it . bretton wood how would you do that ? jacob well , Wells will not insure the Zabel institutional money . it 's against they policy . and then ... jacob ( cont 'd ) I tell they you would . bretton wood then who would take on the mortgage security ? 103 . jacob uncle Sam . bretton slowly nod ... take all this in ... bretton wood so , I would get the bank , the kzi asset include the institutional fund yet none of the mortgage security . as Jacob lean forward ... go in for the kill ... jacob you could actually own the bank you father toiled away at he whole career . think about that , bretton . bretton just shake he head . bretton wood we be go to lose we credit . I be face margin call . jacob so in order to stay in the game ... we need fresh money . bretton nod ... jacob ( cont 'd ) oleg -- bretton wood ( not go to work ) oil 's crash . Jacob think for a moment , then ... jacob and how much do we need ? bretton wood fifty , sixty million minimum ... and that 's just to hold off the current margin call . and bretton just sigh ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) God , de -leveraging be a bitch . stand ... jacob sit tight . I be go to get we the money . and Jacob go ... bretton call out after he ... 104 . bretton wood from who ... ? ext . union square border book - day " Moral hazard ! why Wall Street have finally go too Far " be now everywhere . in large cut out and pile on table and in the store 's window . Jacob arrive at the end of the line ... New York 's newest best sell author be have a book signing . and gordon gekko Signs a book and look up at the lady who give it to he . lady I have a question ... what exactly be " moral hazard ? " with a smile ... gordon gekko short version -- take risk you be not accountable for with other people 's money . and the next person step up and hand Gordon a copy . jacob he 's go for it . we be almost home . as he sign it ... gordon gekko there you go . jacob but he need fresh money to serve the leverage . a hundred million . Gordon just shrug . gordon gekko I be a writer now . we do not make that much . as the line of people hold they new book start to get impatient ... jacob I know that , but I figure you might know how to get it . handing Jacob back the sign copy ... 105 . gordon gekko well , if you need money that badly , Jake ... you might want to check closer to home . off Jacob 's confuse reaction ... ext . the mall / WASHINGTON DC - day as they walk the mall ... the Nation 's Capitol behind they ... winnie it 's a lot . jacob how much ? winnie I do not know , Jacob . I never really consider it mine . jacob but it be ... right ? it 's you money ? and she face he ... regard he urgency ... winnie ( glaring at he ) you might want to wipe some of the drool off you face ... jacob I be not kid . this be important . as they continue to walk ... winnie yes , it 's mine . when he go to prison , my father put a lot of money in we name . and when rudy die it all become mine . ( beat ) but it 's in a trust . I can not get to it until I be thirty - five and even then I be plan on give it to charity . jacob let 's say I can figure out a way for you to get it . take a loan against it -- something like that . will you do that for I ? winnie why be you do this , Jacob ? Jacob take a moment ... look away with ... 106 . jacob this be my only chance to make thing right , winnie . and she just regards he ... not sure ... int . milbank , tweed , hadley &amp ; mccloy law office - day as Jacob walk down the hall with ken hadley , estate lawyer to Manhattan 's elite . hadley Gordon could not invest any of he money so he put most of it into the child 's name with direction on how it be to be invest . ( beat ) he definitely know what he be do ... jacob and how could winnie get it now ? hadley stop walk and think about it . hadley well , she would have to sign a reversion of trust document . that way the fund would revert back to they pre-trust posture and regulation . jacob so all she have to do be sign a piece of paper ? hadley basically . as that register ... jacob how much be in there ? hadley it 's complicated . there 's private equity ownership , real estate , a very large position in a bank ... all sort of investment vehicle . jacob ballpark it for I . hadley I do not know . assume immediate liquidity ... over three hundred million . and with that , Jacob set to go . but ... 107 . hadley ( cont 'd ) of course ... Gordon would have to sign the document as well . and gordon gekko in the make - up chair of the Fox Business channel green room , speak into he phone . gordon gekko you also would need the trust 's executor to sign it . intercut with ... Jacob as he walk down 5th avenue ... jacob who be that ? gordon gekko sammy redding . he 's a lifelong friend . it will not be a problem . jacob what about you ? gordon gekko I would love to sign it , Jacob . consider it do . walk down 5th avenue ... jacob thank you . thank you , Gordon . gordon gekko just after you agree to two thing . jacob anything . gordon gekko before bretton busy the bank , he must use all of winnie 's money and all the Locust Fund 's leverage to go against the market . they be about to pass this bailout and I want to be on the other side of it . ( beat ) this thing 's go to hell in a bucket and I be sick of be on sideline , pal . jacob but what about -- gordon gekko it 's just for a few week then it 's right back to we plan . 108 . accept that ... jacob okay . ( and then ) what 's the second thing ... ? and as that hang ... winnie gekko as she start to sign the form ... we be in ... int . milbank , tweed , hadley &amp ; mccloy / conference room - day silence . a clock tick . a large table . Three lawyer sit on one side . winnie and Jacob on the other and Gordon at the head . winnie finish signing the form then slide they back to hadley who hand they to Gordon . Jacob take she hand but she pull it away . and after Gordon sign the papers , they all stand . Gordon just look at winnie , who 's now look back at he . tear beginning to well . and he slowly open he arm ... gordon gekko winnie ... come here ... you be all I have leave now . and she slowly walk over to he ... to he embrace ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) he be my only son . and I mess that up . I mess it all up , I know that . she 's now cry . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) but please ... forgive I ... and confirm through she tear ... winnie you always get what you want , dad . and Jacob Moore ... witness this strange reunion ... realize how right she be ... int . jacob be office - day Jacob 's on the phone in he office , watch coverage of a vote on the Senate floor ... 109 . jacob ( into he phone ) okay , it look like this bailout 's go to pass ... split the screen robby , with a phone to he ear ... jacob ( cont 'd ) ( into he phone ) ... there 's go to be a initial bounce ... split the screen again ... and again ... and again ... each time to another broker with a phone to they ear ... we six broker from before ... jacob ( cont 'd ) ( into he phone ) we be go to sell that bounce . and then fox business news coverage Day by day ... alexis glick start off the day 's coverage . and each new day find alexis in a different outfit with a different headline above she head . we do not hear she , it move quickly and it 's ugly . " bailout passed -- market rally " jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) first we be go to unload all of we position in the insurer . " dow reverse course trade below 10,000 " jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) then we be go to go the other way ... we be go to bet against this market ... aggressively . " dow lose 2400 point in 4 session jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) against the s&amp ; p , the nasdaq , the Dow ... " market crash continue " jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the financial , China , India , Brazil ... " world market signal depression ahead " 110 . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the brokerage that be still leave , all the froth from the last two year ... and be back on the chart as a circle form on October 10th then travel the trend line down even further to late October and stop . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) gentlemen , anything that can be sell ... we be go to sell . and as a circle be form around the date of October 27th , we ... CUT to : int . 533 third avenue / lobby - morning Jacob get off the elevator and see Diego who do not say anything . jacob what ? no market joke today ? Diego just shrug ... diego it stop be funny . Jacob softly nod and head on he way . int . jacob be office - day Jacob head in to find bretton wait for he . jacob I think you be in London . Jacob nod . bretton wood the United bancorp deal be go to go through . I have begin unwind all we position . jacob but we deal with Gordon be that we have to stay short until November 5th . bretton just look at he . jacob ( cont 'd ) what ? 111 . bretton wood Jacob , Gordon redeeme all he money yesterday . we be clean with he . and this hit Jacob like a ton of brick ... bretton wood ( cont 'd ) be something wrong ? jacob no . no , everything 's great . force out a smile ... jacob ( cont 'd ) let 's go buy a bank . int . 655 park avenue / hallway - night as the landlord walk down the hall with Jacob and winnie . jacob thank you , he have not answer he phone and we be very worried . the landlord nod and unlock the apartment door for they ... int . gekko' apartment - day and they walk in to find the place completely empty . everything 's go save for one thing ... that frame picture of the woman fill she stove with money . Jacob slowly walk over to the it and stare it down ... jacob he play I ... she join he side ... jacob ( cont 'd ) he play we . winnie I do not give a shit about the money . and she turn to face he . winnie ( cont 'd ) this be who he be . he suck in a deep breath , then ... jacob I lie to you . I contact he . I spend time with he . without you know . 112 . winnie I know . jacob you know ? winnie I see the picture in you wallet . jacob then why do not you say anything ? winnie because I want to give you a chance to say something first . ( beat ) because I love you , I really do . she take off the " fuck you " ring ... winnie ( cont 'd ) and because I desperately want to find something in you to believe in . ( shaking she head in disappointment ) but Jacob ... you have become that exact thing I have be try to master ... ... and place it into he palm . winnie ( cont 'd ) ... you have become he . int . milbank , tweed , hadley &amp ; mccloy office - morning hadley sit behind he desk . hadley it 's completely legal , Jacob . the fund revert back to the pre-trust posture ... that mean the money be technically Gordon 's again . hadley just shrug ... jacob but he 's not allow to trade . hadley he do not trade . jacob he put the money into the hedge fund , that 's consider capital investment . hadley Jacob , Gordon never put the money into a hedge fund . he simply take control of the bank . 113. jacob Bank ? what bank ? hadley Hudson River . I tell you about the position in the bank . Jacob 's stunne ... jacob Hudson River ... ? I do not understand . slam into / buchanan new york a sleepy town ... hadley ( v.o. ) well , Gordon have place he Hudson River share into the trust before he be convict . you do know he start out there ? a rental car park out front of a small bank . Jacob emerge and head for the bank ... hadley ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) okay , then the trust aggressively acquire more share about two year ago ... enough to have a control position in the bank . and Jacob stop walk when he see ... a group of angry depositor form outside and a sign hang in the doorway ... " close . " and right back to Jacob and hadley ... jacob but how ? Gordon be not allow to control the trust . hadley that 's right . all of the trust 's move be make by its executor . jacob sammy redding ? confused ... hadley sammy redding ? who the hell be sammy redding ? ( beat ) Jacob , the executor of winnie 's trust have always be bretton Woods . and as that slam into Jacob Moore ... 114 . int . boeing 767 - night as Jacob take he seat and settles in for the long flight . he 's fly commercial ... and in coach . ext . london - day it 's raining and gray . int . redmayne and bentley brokerage - day as Jacob walk the hallow hall of this old school stock brokerage with the manager ... jacob so we be throw bretton 's birthday party at balmoral . manager well , we be very proud to have such a resounding success hail from this hallow hall I assure you . ( beat ) we have be try to get bretton to come back and speak to we young broker , but ... he 's a hard man to reach . jacob that 's funny because he often speak about he day here at redmayne and bentley ... anyway , what I be hope you can help I with be record of he early trade . year ago . ( beat ) we think it will be fun to bring up some of bretton 's real loser from when he be start out ... you know we all have dog . manager of course ... but it be against policy to allow just anyone to see that record . jacob I completely understand . how about this ? I will make you a trade . ( beat ) you let I see the record for bretton 's party ... and with a killer smile ... jacob ( cont 'd ) ... and I will make sure bretton give you young broker a speech that will blow they away . 115 . int . redmayne and bentley brokerage / record hall - later as Jacob look over the old document ... trading ledger from twenty - five year ago . down the list we see he circle all the unusually large successful trade . and then follow they to the client # on the right side of the ledger . and Jacob realize it 's the same client # every time . client # 41. jacob wow , bretton -- you really kick some ass for client forty one . finally Jacob turn to the back of the ledger , to the client key , where he move the pencil down to client # 41 and it say ... Gordon gekko . jacob ( cont 'd ) ( all make sense now ) Bud Fox be not the only one . int . impressive townhouse - night Jacob wait in the large entry hall ... hold a cheap umbrella he buy at heathrow . and down from the stair walk ... oleg it 's be a bitch of a month , my friend ... tell I this visit do not bring bad news . int . oleg be library - night oleg sip he vodka and look at Jacob . oleg you want I to audit the Locust Fund ? jacob that 's right . I want you to tell bretton you need the official record of all the fund 's activity start with when you give he the original two hundred million . you need this because the Russian Federal tax service be up you ass and you have to play ball with they . oleg and if he decline ... ? jacob you will have no choice but to pull you money . 116 . oleg light a cigarette ... exhaling the smoke with ... oleg and why would I do that ? and Jacob lean forward ... jacob because if you do this for I , oleg , I will teach you the Andrew Zabel magic . I will explain to you , in detail , all of he technique ... I will give you all he secret ... it 's less complicated than you might think . int . london motel room - day darkness , until ... a phone ring . Jacob wake up and take it . jacob hello ... okay , thank you . he move to the curtain then open they . and the daylight spill in . int . oleg be library - day oleg slide four encyclopedia-sized bound stack of printout across he desk . oleg all the Locust Fund 's trade for the last two year . Jacob nod , place they into he bag . and oleg light a cigarette ... look right at we ... excited ... lean forward with ... oleg ( cont 'd ) now give it to I . let I behind the Andrew Zabel curtain ... int . 767 - day as Jacob fly back to New York . he flip through the Locust Fund trading ledger , shaking he head in disbelief . int . winnie' apartment - morning winnie answer the door to find ... jacob they be work together . you father and bretton . walk back into the apartment ... 117 . winnie Jacob , what be you do here ? follow she in ... jacob Gordon want the trust the whole time . and when I come to he seek revenge ... he see he window . upset , she look for she key . winnie I have to go to work . jacob bretton owed he a favor because he feed you father information twenty three year ago when he be a young broker in London and you father never ratted he out . she just look at he ... shaking she head ... and not in disapproval ... but in pity . but he keep go . jacob ( cont 'd ) and he never put the money into bretton 's fund . turn out you trust have build up a control position in Hudson River Bank . winnie that 's the bank he work at when I be bear . jacob well , now he own it . or shall I say pilfere it before he go awol . ( beat ) and that money be not even the bank 's ... it be taxpayer '... bailout money . as this wash over a stunne winnie gekko ... winnie Jesus ... and Jacob confirm ... jacob he see this come year ago ... from he cell . I be guess he make off with billion . and he throw something on the table . jacob ( cont 'd ) and now look ? 118. it 's a copy of portfolio Magazine with a picture of Gordon on cover under the headline ... " guess who 's back and get Rich betting against you ? " jacob ( cont 'd ) he 's in London ... give interview and be hail as a genius . everyone 's buy he book and wait to see he next move . desperately try to get she mind around this ... winnie but what about the SEC , the regulatory agency -- ? jacob the government be fly this 700 billion dollar airplane by the seat of it 's pants . they do not know where half of the fuck money be go . and even if they do , do you think they want this out there ? as this all wash over she ... winnie this be he revenge . jacob yup ... sure beat the hell out of insider trading , do not it ? and winnie find she key and head for the door ... winnie I can not hear anymore of this . ... but Jacob step in front of she . jacob I be do . I sell everything . the ring . everything . I give back the kzi bonus . I be out and I be break and I deserve it . and she just look at he ... jacob ( cont 'd ) but winnie , the one thing I can not accept -- be lose you . and before she react ... be back on the chart as a circle form on Nov 6th then travel quite a way then finally stop . unfortunately , this slope down the s&amp ; p trendline be quite pronounce . 119 . and as a circle be form around Jan 24th 2009 , we ... CUT to : the cabin of a boeing 777 as Jacob open up a copy of barron 's ... gekko on the cover under the caption " what 's his next move ? " and bretton wood in a official office of we Federal Reserve Bank , proudly signing the document ... and along the bank of the persian gulf Dubai in the background . Jacob wait against a bench . and across the way he see ... approach he ... Gordon gekko . gordon gekko do you see barron ? jacob you finally get the cover . Gordon nod . jacob ( cont 'd ) everybody think you get rich of betting against the system . if they only know ... gordon gekko the power that be will never let that happen . Jacob 's not argue it ... jacob how much be enough , Gordon ? Gordon laugh with a shake of the head . gordon gekko I have be ask that before ... ( and then ) they take a hundred , twenty two thousand , six hundred and forty hour from I ... for a goddamn victimless crime . all the while I sit in my 8 by 12 and watch real crook by the thousand give out mortgage like candy , package they into unexplainable derivative and spit the cancer out into the world . and he just shake he head ... 120 . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) and when I get out ... who 's there wait for I ? nobody . ( beat ) you better believe I be go to get mine . jacob you be not go to miss America ? gordon gekko I will always have America ... it 's why I be here . I be buy the island . ( beat ) I know it 's kitschy but it 's fun and good for business . look over the water ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) I have a lot business abroad now . interest in a Australian copper mine , a german solar company , some Russian oil pipeline , a casino in macau ... see Jake , America just be not where the action be anymore . jacob what happen to the precious depreciate asset of time ? gordon gekko it still trade ... and he turn to Jacob with a smile ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) ... but I be a billionaire now , pal . jacob I be out , Gordon , I be do trading . gordon gekko I do not know why . you pull it off , kid , you take he down -- grant with my help -- but you aton for Zabel 's sin with bretton 's money . ( beat ) as I see it , you be just get start . and Jacob stop walk then slowly turn to Gordon with ... jacob do you ever really want to reconcile with she ? gordon gekko ( of course I do ) I be human . 121. glaring at he ... jacob then why do you do it ? and Gordon ... strongly hold Jacob 's glare ... simply reply ... gordon gekko same answer . jacob but it do not work . Gordon sadly shrug ... gordon gekko I have be try to wire two hundred million into she bank account but she will not accept it . jacob I know . she do not want it ... we do not want it . ( beat ) because it 's not about what you have ... it 's about what you do . and Gordon -- it 's never about the money . Gordon shake he head . gordon gekko that sound good . I bet you can even wrap it in a pretty red bow . but champ , it 's idealistic ... and idealism kill every trade . ( beat ) winnie will realize that at some point ... and then we will be fine . and Jacob finally look away ... in pity . gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) see Jacob -- the hustle we all fall for be actually think we can fight what 's inherent , what 's inevitable ... that we can somehow undo what genetics , or God , or whatever name you wanna tag it , have place deep inside of we . because whether it 's greed or revenge or the compulsion to chase ... it all amount to the same thing ... loss of control . and it 's always go to be there and it 's always go to be stronger than you , pal . now walk again ... 122. gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) it 's why bubbles will always exist and it 's why we be all currently in this mess . join Gordon 's stride ... jacob winnie 's pregnant . and Gordon stop walk . jacob ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be a boy . gordon gekko what do you want ? jacob it 's bad out there , Gordon , people be panicked . they be not look to they government . they be not look to they trust advisor . they be look to you . gordon gekko you want I to buy ? and Jacob Moore ... slowly confirm ... jacob publicly and aggressively . Gordon just look at he . jacob ( cont 'd ) but they be all lemming . simple psychology . you once say every crash should have a jp Morgan to step in and save it . ( beat ) well Gordon -- this be you chance to be jp Morgan . and now Gordon shake he head ... gordon gekko we be far from the bottom . it will be a dead cat bounce . jacob it will buy we time . that 's all I be ask for ... time . ( beat ) time for the new administration to put they plan into action . gordon gekko what do I get in return ? 123. as Gordon turn ... take in the city of Dubai ... in all of its ridiculous splendor ... jacob full clemency . gordon gekko you can offer that ? jacob you daughter can . she work with the new Secretary of treasury now . consider that ... gordon gekko what else ? jacob winnie . me. you grandson . something money can not buy ... a family . and Gordon look at he for the longest moment , allow it all to register , then ... gordon gekko sorry son -- that 's simply a trade I can not make . and as Gordon gekko walk off ... leave Jacob Moore behind ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you wanna know what the mother of all bubbles be ? we . the human race . scientist call it the cambrian explosion , from the cambrian fauna . and ronald reagan national airport as Jacob head into the baggage claim area to see winnie wait for he ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it happen 530 million year ago ... when all of the sudden , there be the seemingly rapid appearance of most major group of complex animal . and as they embrace ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and from it be bear humanity . and gordon gekko be lead through a massive empty space ... office space ... 124 . gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be a explosion of life . scientist will tell you it be unprecedented , excessive and by the standard of evolution - time ... happen in a flash . the City of London outside the large window ... gordon gekko ( cont 'd ) suddenly the world have million of new species ... just like that . this will be the home of he new international empire . and bretton wood at he desk in he 15 cpw penthouse ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) see -- bubbles be the purest form of darwinism . ... look over page and page of destruction ... Andrew Zabel 's legacy that he now have to pay for ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they teach we what we do not know and they remind we of what we forget ... and bretton completely lose it ... just start rip out the page then tear they in two ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they kill excess and they lean out the herd . ... methodically ... page by page ... over and over again ... and gordon gekko sitting in he massive London office . it 's empty . it 's night . he 's completely alone . he look up at the wall ... at the frame picture of jp Morgan and uncle Sam row that boat . then he look down at a old picture of winnie ... she 's probably three or four year old ... and lovingly hold she baby brother , rudy . and Gordon hold on this picture for a long moment , before finally ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they actually bring we back to the necessary simple ... 125 . ... pick up the phone . and gordon gekko now in the back of a town car ... we do not know where ... gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) because Jacob ... as the door open , daylight spill in and we see the charge bull of bowl Green Park across the way ... Gordon be escort out of the car and lead to the door of the New York stock exchange . and Gordon stop at the fame door , take a moment to regard the exchange , suck in a deep breath , ready for he hero 's welcome and finally ... open the door then disappear inside . and winnie and jacob greet the morning in they small Washington DC apartment . winnie pour coffee , Jacob turn on the tv . and on the screen be a picture of Gordon gekko walk the floor of the New York stock exchange under the graphic ... " gekko now betting on a recovery . " gordon gekko ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... you would be amaze what can rise from the ash . Sam cooke 's " a Change be gonna come " kick in . and we go close on the Fox Business Channel 's coverage of the market 's huge rally of a open ... with Gordon gekko ringing the bell ... until the channel suddenly change ... to the cartoon network ... while we ... fade out .