wanted written by Michael brandt &amp ; derek Haas 12/1/2005 fade in : close on the face of wesley gibson , 25 , staring at the . camera . wesley ( v.o. ) six week ago , I be ordinary and pathetic . his wry smile give way to ... Black . and then ... int . appleby be - day the camera start from the ceiling , point straight down , overlook a table of twenty - five people dress in business casual , pretend to have a good time at lunch in . this cookie-cutter crappy restaurant . at the end of the table , a bowl of spinach dip be in . front of wesley , 'and the camera start descend directly for it , slowly , as we hear ... wesley ( v.o . ) it be rochelle 's birthday , which mean there be a certain amount of inter - office pressure to go to appleby 's and sit at a table of twenty - five with my boss Janice preside at the head even though she 's too tight to pick up the bill . which mean , the poor bastard wait on we have to split the check twenty - four way -- everyone contribute to rochelle 's free meal -- surf and turf , no less -- do not do we any favor , rochelle . anyway , I eat a plate of extreme nacho and then polished off a bowlful of spinach dip pretty much single - handedly ... the camera disappear in the bowl of spinach dip and we ... CUT to : int . wesley's cubicle - day . where wesley drop he head down on he desk . 2 . wesley .so by the time I get back to my cubicle , my eyelid be so damn heavy , I have to put my head down , even if it be just for a wink . smash CUT to : ext . office build - day a sharply dress man , mr . X , wear a dark . armani suit , enter a skyscraper through the lobby . he 's a shade taller than most of the office worker who be come and go . int . lobby - day he head to a elevator and press a button for the top floor . and as he finger press the button , just where the thumb meet the forefinger , we see a tattoo of a three - head dog . soon ... int . top floor corridor - day . the door open again and he find himself in a opulent corridor -- sleek and expensively design . only one office be at the end of the hall . expressionless , he make he way toward it . without knock , he step inside ... int . puja' office - day .an office fit for a king . or a queen . because behind a glass desk sit a beautiful indian woman dress traditionally in a serape , with a red bindi on she forehead , the holy third eye . her name be puja . Mr. X sit in the single chair opposite she . after a moment , puja look up . puja I do not expect for you yourself to come . one of the head , in the flesh . mr. X you be a important fence . 3. puja I be flatter . she reach over to a attach â ‚¬ case and remove a file . puja ( cont 'd ) the name of the target be Henry helm . carry the file , she move around the desk and stand a few foot away from Mr. X , who rise so that they be both stand . she really be quite beautiful , exotic even , . with pierce eye . puja ( cont 'd ) he 's a journalist who stumble on to a story expose a lot of powerful people , people who do not like have they power threaten . mr. x poor helm . puja there . have be five attempt on he life , but he have be well protect ... and well hide . turn out he wife 's family have a lot of money . he 's in town to accept a award . mr . X we will see to it that it never make he mantle . puja and for that , my client will pay handsomely . Mr. X be look at puja when a curious thing happen ... .he notice that the red bindi on he be forehead tart to move a little , like a second dot be try to emerge from it , like a amoeba split . it 's a sh hooter 's laser ! his eye go wide as saucer . mr. x get down1 !1 . but it 's too late as bullet rip into she head . splattering everything above she eyebrow into the wet bar . 4 . Mr. X crouch , drop he hand behind he back , and a. pair of gun -- as technologically advanced as anything we have ever see -- spring into he hand . the bullet .stop fly and he sprint at the window from which they come , smash t rough what remain of it , disappear from the demolish room ... .all this as puja 's dead body hit the floor , blood seeping out of that holy third eye . ext . outside the skyscraper - forty floors up - day Mr. X 's momentum carry he from one building to the next , over a alleyway , the wet -concrete shine below . he land on the ... roof of the next build : ... and roll up quickly , gun ready . his eye spot four marksmen run and ducking for cover on the neighbor rooftop .. .and on a dead sprint across the roof ... . he spot about a centimeter of flesh stick out from around a air-condition vent . he fike the he leave band . the bullet fly through the air and rocket into the flesh ... which happen to be one of the marksman 's ear . the guy yelp in pain and fall back from the vent , expose himself . that 's all Mr. X need , and another shot ring out while he 's still on a dead run . thwap ! the bullet find its mark in the yelping man 's forehead , silencing he , just as ... . Mr. X duck behind a stairwell door . he pull up he right hand and look down the barrel of this pistol : build into the barrel be thin c u be screen . it actually show the heat signature of the three remain marksman , one of which be directly in front of he , hide behind a small rooftop supply shed . a second marksman be just on the other side of the stairwell . the third be on the far side of the rooftop . Mr. X take another look at the heat signature of the marksman hide behind the shed and he fire he gun ... 5 . / ~ , ... then do a amazing thing : in the split second that the bullet travel forward , he jerk he gun to the side ... actually steering the bullet around the wall and into the ksman 's throat . before the guy 's blood hit the ground , the assassin be move again : he dash away from the stairwell then make two incredible shot ; one knock a piece of aluminum off the top of the stairwell ... .. which cause it to flip up in the air above the head of the hide marksman ... . the second shot strike the aluminum again , , , .. , send the bullet ricochete down into the ton of the marksman 's head as he fall ... the camera move over to where ... the final marksman be breathe hard , like a engine with a chronic misfire , as he look out at the dead body of he fall comrade ... all chop down in a matter of second . he squeeze he eye shut , try to psyche himself up ... last marksman ( softly ) c'mon , c'mon , c'mon . he look out at the stairwell door ... and all be quiet . maybe Mr. X do not know he be there , maybe he leave , maybe the last marksman can sneak away after all . last marksmen ( softly ) okay ... okay ... he finally decide ... . and take one step forward ... thwap1 ! 1 a bullet disintegrate he knee . he fall , clutching the knee in agony , as Mr. X walk toward he slowly until he stand right over he like a hunter over he prey . Mr. X 's shoe come down on the final marksman 's wrist , pin it away from he drop weapon . mr . X ( growls ) who send you ? 6 . for a moment , we be not sure the last marksman 's go .to answer . then ... last marksmen ( nervously ) we be ... we be just the decoy , man . we be pay to get you out here ... the marksman point at a small video camera sit on the roof , relaying they every move ... Mr. X 's face fall as . that word register , and just then ... RA rocket over thetreet of the city , block after block in the blink of any eye ... . until it reach a rooftop , over a mile away . on the new rooftop : a man name cross be in a crouch , hold a massive rifle point upward , at a angle ... a small screen on Cross ' gun show the scene from the roof , along with various elemental measurement : wind speed , pressure , temperature , distance , altitude ... .. the information on __the reflect off of Cross ' eyeball as he process , , the shot ... a quick adjustment to the gun and a slight pull of the trigger ... boom ... we follow the arcing bullet back over the rooftop in a instant . somehow it keep it 's elevation and it 's path ... .to the resign look on Mr. X 's face : a outsmart man , a dead man . the bullet hit he square in the chest , and he fall to he knee , then slump over , dead . fly start to gather as he lie there . first one , then two , then several as night time-dissolves to day ... ext . rooftop - later .and two pair of leg approach the dead body of Mr. x. 7 . the first set belong to a older man , sloan , who look . like he have see he share of death . the other set belong to the hot black woman on the planet , fox . as they look down at the dead body ... fox it be a set - up all the way ? sloan just nod . he then stoops down , shoos some of the fly away with the back of he hand and pick up the file that puja give Mr. x. the camera push in on the back of sloan 's hand as he read the file . it , too , have the tattoo pf the three - head do q , in the same spot as Mr. X . fox ( cont 'd ) ( be : the dead body ) that 's two head in two week . which leave only one : you . sloan nod . sloan he want out . fox and kill all three head get he that ? sloan nod again . fox ( cont 'd ) well , I do not know if we have anyone who can stop he . sloan squint back up at Fox . sloan there 's one person who can . fox yeah ? who ? and with that , we ... smash CUT to : 8. 7 int . wesley's cubicle - day . wesley Gibson , the guy from the open scene , fast asleep in he little cubicle . some drool fall off he lip and ' erk h' awake . just then , the shot freeze - frame , and we see in the background of the shot , he fat boss janice catch in mid - stride come toward he , look like she 's ready to bring the wrath of God . wesley ( v.o. ) my name be wesley Gibson . if you look at the corner of my desk , you will see the billing report I be suppose to hand in to Janice a hour ago . the billing ort be highlight on the screen for just a moment . . then the movie resume normal speed and Janice reach wesley 's cube in no time ... boss janice oh my fuck god I hope that 's not my billing report sit on you fuck desk . Holy shit on a altar , it isl a couple of the other office worker look up at the firework and smile ... like they be actually enjoy Janice 's histrionics . boss janice ( cont 'd ) why do not you just take a dump in you hand , fork it over to I and say , " this be the best effort I be gonna give to you , Janice . this be the best you be ever gonna get out of I . " Hell , rochelle on she bbirthdav be do a better a job than you lazy ass and she 's already leave for the day . je-sus christ ! wesley look like he would rather be anywhere else . wesley I mean to ... boss janice ( imitate he ) I mean to ... I mean to ... well I mean to be a size four but meaning to do not pick no cotton . 9 . she snatch up the report off he desk . boss janice ( cont 'd ) tell you what . I will just input the four - one myself . ( announce ) look everyone , I be gonna do wesley 's four - one for he ! I do not have enough to do with my own damn job so I will do wesley 's too ! wesley grab the report back . wesley I will do it . boss janice minimum for the maximum . that 's all you ever do . the minimum you can do to suck the maximum from this company . wesley I say I will get it do . I be sorry . boss janice no , you be worthless . I be the one who 's sorry I hire you . she storm away , fume . wesley look over and see some of the other worker still stare at he , amused . he sit back down to the semi-privacy of he little cubicle . CUT to : int . meeting room - day a consultant in a suit be dron on and on in front of a nifty power - point presentation . the camera pull back to reveal wesley , bored to tear , sit at a long table with Janice and other corporate minion . the camera find wesley 's note - pad where it look like he 's take note on the presentation . instead , cover every inch of the page , be the phrase " life suck then you die . " 10 . wesley ( v.o. ) my job title be account manager . I use to be call a account service Representative , but a consultant tell we we need to " manage " we client and not " service - they . onemore " life suck then you die . " wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I have a girlfriend whom I neither manage nor service . CUT to : int . girlfriend's apartment - day wesley 's girlfriend be currently riding some guy name barry on she live room.couch . she 's not very attractive , sort of plain and ordinary . wesley ( v.0 . ) her name 's Cathy . she work at banana Republic . the guy she 's humping be my best friend , Barry . she 's give it she best . as she moan reach a crescendo , we ... CUT back to : int . meeting room - day wesley be still sit there with he note pad , while the consultant continue to rattle on and on about God know what . through the blind behind the speaker , wesley can spot he company .'s hot intern , nicole , talk on the phone . he zeroe in on she , until ... wesley suddenly look around the room and everyone ij l_ stare at he . wesley ( hesitantly ) yes . uh ... well the 602 deal with application send by prospective client and the 603 be when the client be ... everyone be still just stare ... 11 . wesley ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , Jesus ... uh ... what be the question ? consultant I ask you about the effect of net investment income with regards to underwrite cycle . wesley well , that 's the thing . - consultant what 's the thing ? wesley ( try to redeem himself ) cycle . hard market , industry - wide cycle differ from we firm 's cycle so I think it 's amistake to apply ... janice good God a'mighty . consultant Son ... everyone know that net investment income be inversely related to both premium and loss reserve , make firm cycle inherently dependent on industry cycle ! everyone snicker . consultant ( cont 'd ) in fact , to prove my point , I would like you to spend some time this afternoon add up the yearly differential response . janice get it to I by five . wesley sure . wesley jot down on he pad : " action item , " and underneath it : " differential response ... then you die . " he underline it three time . int . break room - day wesley sit at a small round table by himself , eat a ham and cheese on white . 12 . a group of . other worker sit at a table nearby , gossipe and guffaw about whatever shit they have to discuss . wesley ( v.o. ) there be people , everyday you meet they , who you wish could see you in a different set , a different place ... just then , Nicole , the pretty intern , approach and start fishing through the refrigerator . wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) . instead of where you be , what you have become . wesley sit upright , glad now that no one be sit at he table . Nicole turn and smile at wesley , start to head he way , when ... loudmouth at other table Nicole ! get you ass over here and . tell we what the hell be go on with you and whitcock the big cock ! he pull a chair over from next to wesley to make room for she at he table . wesley just take another bite of he sandwich . int . wesley's cubicle - day wesley be stare , at he monitor ... wesley ( v.0 . ) and you wish to god you eyeball be not be suck out of they socket by monitor fatigue . that you do not spend five year in college to do goddamn differential response . see that he be actually i&gt ; lay solitaire on the computer . he keep check over he shoulder for Janice , but she be talk on the phone in she office with the door shut . he look up and watch the computer clock turn from 4:59 to 5:00 . he save he solitaire game and then turn off the computer , snatch up he jacket , wait for Janice to turn she back to he as she be engross in she call , and then sneak away . int . elevator bank - day wesley press the down button and wait . 13 . wesley c'mon , c'mon . after a eternity , the door open . wesley ( cont 'd ) but at least at the end . of the day ... wesley step in and turn around . before the door close , he see he boss Janice down the hall , look at he . she check she watch and look back at he , piss ... wesley ( cont 'd ) ( defeated ) . you know that tomorrow it 's go to start all over again . .. and then the door close . ext .. CITY STREET - day wesley pedal a ten-speed down a busy street . it 's raining , and he squint to keep the water out of he eye . ext . ATM machine - day he stand nervously at a ATM machine . he check to see if anyone be look , and then hit the " check balance " button . a message come up : " you have $ 47.92 in you account . would you like another transaction ? " he click " yes " and then " quick cash " and wait for the $ 40 to dispense . in . wesley's apartment - dusk wesley enter , tote he bike , only to find Cathy and Barry laugh on the couch , watch some crap on television . he 's two step in the door when ... cathy where 's the spaghetti ? wesley what ? 14 . cathy I specifically tell you to get noodle on you way home . God , wesley , I already put the sauce on . wesley sorry . I â€¢did not ... cathy you do not listen be what you do not .- I might as well talk to the wall . wesley I will be right back . he turn around . int . corridor outside wesley's apartment - dusk he start to head away when Barry poke he head out of the apartment door . barry ( insincerely ) you want I to go with you , buddy ? what a dick . wesley do not turn around , defeat ... wesley I get it . ext . CITY STREET - dusk he 's back on the ten-speed , pedale again in the rain , .a piss expression on he face . wesley ( v.o. ) my parent both die when I be bear . he grit he tooth as we ... CUT to : int . foster home - day a young wesley , 10 , sit at a table with a couple of RELIGIOUS foster parent wackos . wesley ( v.0 . ) the nutjob I have as foster parent think any book that do not contain a red-letter edition be the spawn of the devil ... .is . ext . foster home - day the ten -year- old wesley move furtively to a side of the clap trap house , and pries loose a board . wesley ( v.o. ) ..so I have to hide my stash like it be a bag of many jane . stuck in a hole be a copy of the count of monte cristo . he move back around the corner and stand there be he foster mother , piss as hell ... wesley ( v.0 . ) , ( cont 'd ) one time my foster mother find my copy of catcher in the rye ... . she hold a copy of the book in , she hand , get ready , to strike .. wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) .and God tell she to beat I with it . Young wesley take a beat , whap , whap , wrap ! .his face screw up , take the blow ... wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) . but despite they , I think I be gonna be something special . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - dusk .that same expression be plaster on wesley 's face as he pedal . he bank the bike up a curb and into a grocery store parking lot . across the street , a man watch from behind the wheel of a 171 chevy chevelle . in fact , it 's Cross , the man we last see assassinate Mr. X on the rooftop . he watch wesley park the bike and move into the store . int . kroger - pasta aisle - night wesley stand , look over all the different kind of noodle . none of they just say " spaghetti . " 16 . suddenly , a woman 's voice pop up behind-him ... fox there be a remedy for all thing but death . she say it so fast he 's not sure he hear it right . he turn and see the-hottest z qzm ever to ace kroger 's aisle : ox . she 's wear barely enough clothing to cover she tight body . wesley ( like he.did not hear ) I be sorry ? fox you apologize too much . wesley ( stammer again ) sorry ? she look he in the eye . fox spina bifida baby have more backbone than you . with that , she walk toward the end of the aisle , eye scan the whole time . stun , all wesley can do be watch she walk . on the smll for she back be a tatt it ' tattoo we see in the be i n n : a thKee -head2d dog . she get to the end and catch he look at she . then she make a very subtle gesture with she head ... as if to say " come here . " wesley still be not sure what the hell be go on . sheepishly , he make he way to where she stand . she lean in close , she lip just inch from he ear . fox ( cont 'd ) I know you father . whatever wesley be expecting_ it be not that . he pull back from she . 17 . wesley I think you get the wrong guy . fox can not say that I agree with you , wesley . wesley ( run it all together ) what be this ? how d' you know my name ? fox you father ... wesley my father die in a car wreck the week I be bear ... fox , you father die two day ago on the rooftop. of the Metropolitan Building . for a moment , just a moment , wesley be stunne , but Fox just keep size he up . fox ( cont 'd ) he would be damn disappointed in what you have become , too . wesley hold up he hand in a defensive gesture ... wesley Lady ... fox I have be call a lot of thing , but " lady " be not one of them . wesley start to talk but Fox interrupt he ... fox ( cont 'd ) damn , wesley , how d' you ever learn anything when you will not keep you mouth shut and you ear open ? I be try to tell you about you father . wesley start to open he mouth again , but then close it . he wait . fox ( cont 'd ) you father , wesley , wit the great â€ž sit assassin to ever live . you father , wesley , work for the fraternity . be . wesley the fraternity ? fox ( keep right on go ) you father , wesley , be set up and gun down by a man he use to consider a friend . and you father , wesley ... suddenly , 's raise she hand and - ls fist ' two blgck pistol . fox ( cont 'd ) . teach I everything I know . wesley take a step back . wesley ( slowly ) what be this ? fox this be what you have dreamt about all you life . just then , Cross of 's the corner to t e ' e also fisting a Da 'r of alm . wesley 's eye go wide as Fox suddenly start fire , bam ! bami bamz bami bam : force Cross to take cover on the far side of the aisle . fox ( cont 'd ) move ! now ! she scream this , grab wesley 's wrist and jerk he forward , just as Cross come back up , fire , a kill machine . they barely get out of the way , as the pasta aisle explode in a avalanche of bullet ! Glass bottle of spaghetti sauce shatter , turn the aisle into a rainstorm of red droplet -- we be not sure what be sauce and what be blood . then ... Cross spring on to a display stand of tortilla and up to the top of the freezer section , so he can have a better angle of attack at the flee Fox and wesley . he start sprinting down the top of the freezer section , smash over styrofoam cooler , as he bullet barely miss Fox and wesley , but slam into the freezer behind they , send ice and glass explode everywhere . 19 . but wesley and Fox be too quick .. she still have a.hold of wesley 's wrist and she propel he through the swinging door of the stock room . - ext . outside the grocery store - day there be a cherry red ferrari convertible park right next to the store . wesley be still try to figure out what the hell be go on as Fox toss he the ke ! fox drive ! wesley what ?!! but Fox just leap into the passenger seat , gun up and ready , as wesley 's leg . somehow take over and he hop behind the wheel . just then , Cross 's ev will mound the corner , practically go up on two tire . wham ! wesley turn the ignition , pope the clutch , and smashes the gas pedal as the car nearly snap he neck when it launch forward . he race through the gear and rip around a corner and out into traffic . wesley ( cont 'd ) where be we go ? fox just drive ! the chevelle stay on he tail behind they ; Cross drive and fire he Glock at the same time . bam ! bam ! Sam ! Fox do she best to send bullet back he way , while wesley man the wheel , breathe hard , still stunne at what be happen . he spot a side-street ... wesley hold on ! ... whip the car into a rubber-squealing turn ... 20 . ext . one way STREET - day ... and end up go the wrong way down a narrow one - way street ! he now have to weave in and out of car head right for they , as Cross stay tight on they ass . horn be blaring in he face , but wesley somehow keep the . Ferrari on all four tire as he bob in 'and out of the path of oncoming car . a 4 X 4 chevy pickup be head like a missile right at they ... wesley 's eye go wide . wesley truck ! fox go around it ! wesley no ! shoot the tire ! Fox look at wesley , momentarily stunne by he idea , then spin and fire away at the oncoming truck . the front tire on the truck explode and the truck veer hard right , where it bounce off a fed extrugk. , , , hat send it into a violent roll . wesley gun the Ferrari at the tumble truck as it flip forward ... right over they car !!! wesley watch it fly over they , amaze he idea work ... when finally it smashes down into the street between they and Cross 's chevellel Cross be force to slam on he brake and slide out ... but it 's too late ... he chevelle smashes into the 4 X 4 before skid to a stop , a tangle mess in the street . wesley snap back to reality and rip the Ferrari off the one - way street and down a side street . ext . CITY STREET - later he pull the car to a stop , then look over at Fox , amaze . 21 . fox ( smiling ) there 's a lot of thing you do not know about yourself , wesley . wesley who be that ? fox that ... be the man who kill you father . and now he 's try to kill you . wesley force a laugh , but right now it 's hard to paint any - thing as ludicrous . wesley no. I mean ... I tell you my father die when I be a baby . she lean right into he face so that they nose be only inch apart . fox have you ever believe that ? have you ever be content with that answer ? wesley stop , not sure of anything right now . fox ( cont 'd ) today 's you new birthday , wesley . drive . he settles back in he seat and pop the clutch again , this time , ease . a little more respectably into traffic . ext . warehouse - later the Ferrari cruise to a stop outside a warehouse . fox the people I work with ... we believe you father pass he skill on genetically to you . you know how to handle the car , you know to shoot at the truck . wesley I ... I ... fox it 's that confidence we be gonna need to work on . wesley be still daze . 22 . fox ( cont 'd ) now I want you to look at I and tell I something . and I want you to be honest with I . wesley what ? fox do you think I look fat in this outfit ? wesley what ?! fox I think so . let 's go . she hop out . they walk inside a ... int . slaughterhouse - day .t where Mr. sloan stand next to a hucre man , the butcher , who be slice beef off of hang cow can for es . there be fly buzzing around and blood drain into the center of the floor . if wesley be not nervous before , he be now . fox Mr. sloan . the Butcher look up from he work and lay down the knife , right next to where Mr. sloan have a pair of silver pistol and a magnify glass rest on a roll table . fox ( cont 'd ) ( proudly ) this be wesley Gibson . he need he life change . the Butcher look he over . the butcher we all end up where we belong , do not we ? the Butcher snicker . sloan speak up ... sloan Fox tell you about you father ? wesley look from sloan to Fox to the Butcher and back to sloan . 23 . wesley ( stammer ) like I tell ... um ... the lady here ... I think you might ha have I mix up with someone else . I be just a ... um ... account serv ... uh.. that be ... account manager ... and ... my father die ... he hesitates . sloan when ? they look at he , imploringly , wait for a answer . wesley I ... I guess I be not sure . sloan simply pick up one of the pistol and stick the gun in wesley 's hand . sloan shoot the wing off the fly . wesley what ?! sloan ( growls ) shoot ... the wing ... off the fly . for. the first time , wesley notice fly buzzing all around . wesley I do not ... in the blink of a eye , sloan have pluck the second gun off the roll table and ' ,s - point it at weslev 's temple . he begin to count ... sloan you have three second . Three ... two ... before he can say one , wesley react ... blindly fire the pistol in he hand , indiscriminately , B , am ! bam ! bam ! bam ! click ... click ... click ... until he finger be just jam on the trigger over and over . after a moment , he look up , unsure why he be not dead . 24 . sloan smile , drop he pistol on the roll table and pick up the magnify glass . he stoops down and signal wesley to do the same . through the magnifying glass : four fly lie on - the floor . crawl of d ... they wing actually separate from they body ! in the slaughterhouse : wesley jerk upright , try to process this . fox like I say , you get the skill . sloan and after we fine tune that skill ... his eye lock on to wesley 's , hold they in a vice- like grip ... sloan ( cont 'd ) . you be go to hunt the man who kill you father . wesley be as stunne as we have ever see he ... he blink a couple of time . sloan ( cont 'd ) walk with I . he drape he arm around wesley and lead he out the door . ext . CITY block - day sloan and wesley move down a busy commercial street . sloan I know thin be hard for you to understand , wesley , but I want you to concentrate on what I be say . you father be a member of the fraternity , a collection of the most powerful assassin the world have ever know . they weave against the flow of pedestrian out and about on the city street . instinctively , people step out of they way . wesley but I have never hear of ... 25 . sloan we do not advertise wesley . we blend into the environment like moth against a tree . CUT to : int . restaurant - day the camera move over a diner 's counter ... sloan ( v.0 . ) we stay in the shadow . .. to the kitchen , where a massive man with a three - head dog tattoo on he hand , flip burger . the chef . CUT to : ext . mansion - day the camera move across a expansive lawn ... sloan ( v.0 . ) we disappear into we surroundings . . until it find a man with a three - head dog tattoo on he hand , trimming a hedge . the gardener . CUT to : int . gun counter - day the camera move down a gun display case ... sloan because the easiest place to hide be in plain sight ... . until it find a gun salesman hold out a weapon to a italian customer . he also have the tattoo . he 's the gunsmith . back to : ext . CITY block - day sloan be still walk with wesley . wesley watch every face that pass they by ... any of they could be fraternity member . 26 . sloan ..until that time when we be call into action . CUT to : int . restaurant - day the chef load plate of food up on the warmer , where a waitress pick they up and deliver they to a group of prominent look businessmen . the lead businessman dig into he steak , and immediately he leave arm start to curl up , like he 's have a heart attack . his cohort look on as he spill over , knock all the plate off the table , gasp for breath , he throat close . when the camera pan over again , the chef be go . CUT to : ext . mansion - day the gardener work he gardening shear on a hedge in the front of this mansion ... clip , clip , clip . we realize a , he 's cut a hole all the way through the hedge . then , he reach down into he burlap sack and withdraw a long range rifle with a scope . he poke the rifle through the freshly - cut hole , look through the lens , start to squeeze he trigger ... the camera shoot way up to give we a aerial view of the neighborhood . we see that we be in the hill over the city , and across the canyon , a japanese man be just pull into he driveway , drive a black audi , a mile away . he brake he car , open he door , but thwapi a bullet disintegrate he head and he topple over , never know what hit he . back at the hole in the hedge , we see the gardener 's eyeball look through from the other side ... until it disappear and he be go . CUT to : ext . store parking lot - day the customer take the gun from the gunsmith and pay he in cash . 27 . he then tuck the gun in he belt and walk out the door , like he 's a bad -ass , instead of the goombah that he be . he only get a block before the gun at he waist explode , cause he to flop on the sidewalk , like he just step on a land mine . the bell to the gun shop jingle as the gunsmith leave and head in the opposite direction , whistling to himself , not pay attention to the pedestrian run to help the die italian . sloan ( v.0 . ) and when the time come that we be call , death be as certain as the sun . CUT back to : int . pharmacy - day sloan and wesley enter a normal look pharmacy . they pass through the small front room and head directly to the back . sloan we have be active for century , wesley ... outlast ruler , government , nation , king . we recognize no border ; the entire globe be we kill field . they be buzze through by the pharmacist , and enter ... int . communications room - day .a sophisticated back room , where a trio of flat screen monitor be mount on the wall . sloan we be the baddest of the bad , the three - head dog that guard the gate of hell . we show no mercy , we destroy the weak , we have absolute power . ( beat ) but recently , a fall angel , one of we own , have challenge that power . the screen in the room come to life with the face of Cross . sloan ( cont 'd ) this man leave the fraternity and decide to strike down that who have befriend he , train he , make he who he be . 29 . sloan ( v.0 . ) ..a son whose mother die in childbirth ... they reach the baby 's bed and a pair of strong arm lift up the child . but the camera find the face of the second man ... sloan ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ..he take the boy to a orphanage so he true identity would never be discover . . and now we see that the other man be a young mr . sloan . sloan ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and I help he . ' int . communications room - day wesley be still absorb the story , he life so different than when he get up in the morning . wesley why would you do that ? sloan put a hand on wesley 's shoulder , gently . paternally . sloan you father be like a brother to I . ( beat ) I will do anything to avenge he death . ' sloan turn off the monitor and pull over a wooden chair from where it rest by a wall . sloan ( cont 'd ) so wesley ... you have a choice . would you like to go back to you job , you girlfriend , you life , just as it be before ? ( beat ) or would you like to begin you training with a assassin 's fraternity that write the world 's history in blood and bullet ? wesley do not know what to say . sloan move to a back door . sloan ( cont 'd ) if the answer be the latter , then have a seat in that chair . ( more ) 30 . sloan ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) if not , you be welcome to head out this door here and we will never see each other again . with that . , sloan leave through that back door . but ... on the other side of the door : he stop . he pull out a gun and wait for wesley to make he decision , point he gun at the door . back in the room : wesley be still stand there , unaware of what be on the other side of the door , think , think , think . he take a step toward the door ... flash : his boss Janice , yell at he , mock he . wesley hesitates , look at the chair , then the door again ... flash : his girlfriend on the couch , riding high on Barry , loving every minute of it . wesley stand freeze , stare hard at the chair as the camera start to swirl around he . flash : the consultant harangue , the other employee laugh , eat . alone in the break room , riding he bike , all the aspect of he shitty life ... .. as the camera continue to swirl around he , he face go hard ... wesley ( v.o. ) fuck consultant and fuck action item and fuck differential response . fuck it all . he take a seat in the chair , which creak when he sit in it . wesley ( cont 'd ) ( out loud ) fuck it all . on the other side of the back door : sloan hear the creak of the chair and lower he gun . he smile and walk off down a alley . 31 . in the room : wesley wait in the chair for what seem a eternity . start to bite he thumbnail , nervously . in come the pharmacist . the man be build like a mountain , with muscle rippling out of he white smock . . he 's get a british accent and be extremely polite . the pharmacist ' ah , make you choice , do ' ja , of boy ? wesley ( uncomfortably ) yeah . the pharmacist very good , very good . he walk behind wesley . the pharmacist ( cont 'd ) the weather 's be lovely the last couple o' day -- would you mind put you hand back here for I ? wesley do , and the pharmacist bind he hand with some rope . the pharmacist ( cont 'd ) there , that 's it . very good . wesley be this the beginning of my training ? the pharmacist quite right . the pharmacist crack he knuckle and then , wham !!! he hit wesley so hard right in the cheek that it almost knock he out of the chair . wesley what the fuck be ... whanilm 4 !!! 1 the pharmacist smashes he again . wesley struggle against the rope but be not go anywhere . the pharmacist rear back . and wham ! whammm ! whamq ! keep hit he over - and over again until wesley 's eye roll to the back of he head . 32 . fade to black . CUT to : wesley ( v.o. ) you know how when you have a dream and wake up unexpectedly ... int . wesley's a13 artment - bedroom - day wesley jerk awake in he bed ... wesley ( v.o. ) ... and the dream be still . on the fringe of you brain but you can not quite remember the detail ? he look up at he ceiling fan , barely turn , a few blade miss ... wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but then you see that same old bust ceiling fan over you bed and you be so damn glad it be just a dream ? he sit up on he bed and check himself in the mirror . his face have be pummele ; it look like a piece of squash fruit . wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) this be nothing like that . ext . ATM machine - day wesley shove he ATM card in the machine and hit the " check balance " button . which reveal : $ 100,000.92 . amaze , wesley take out a grand , the machine just spitting he money . smiling , wesley jump back on he ten speed and zip into traffic . the 's in in wheel of the bicycle turn into ... int . wesley's cubicle - day .that little spin wheel on a monitor tb at indicate you computer stick . wesley sit in he cubicle , stare at it . then ... 33 . nicole what happen to you face ? wesley turn in he chair , surprised . Nicole stand there , look as pretty as ever , way out of -his league . wesley ( sheepish ) I ... uh ... I get hit by a man much bigger than I . Nicole smile , flirtatiously . nicole be this over a girl ? wesley something like that . nicole I have no idea you have such a secret life outside of here . she cock she head and study he . nicole ( cont 'd ) be there something different about you ? besides the ... face ? wesley no . not really . same old wesley . nicole I do not think so . she put she hand on top of he ; he can only stare at it ... this kind of thing just do not happen to he . nicole ( cont 'd ) you be not like this people wesley . I have always think you be different . wesley would you consider I to be a observant person ? nicole what 's that mean ? wesley 's about to say something , when he spot Janice head they way . wesley nod at she and Nicole frown . 34 . nicole ( cont 'd ) uh-oh , here come the wick bitch of the west ... with that , she step away , just as Janice walk up . wesley stand to face he boss , as Janice launch into he ... boss janice Jesus H. Fucking popscile , you do not have time to get I the differential response but you get time to chitty - chatty with the intern ? why do I even keep you around , wesley ? well I know one thing , you review be come up next week and I can not wait to start check I off some box ... attitude : poor , performance : poor , management skill : poor , work well with other ... wesley just focus on that mouth . fat lip over fat gum over yellow tooth . but now all that 's come out of it be jibberish . ' I jibberish that go straight from she larynx to wesley 's ear where it imbed in the soft flesh of he brain and burn ... it 's so goddamn loudl if only ... ... if only it would just ... wesley ( roar ) shut the fuck up11!!1111 it 's so unbelievably stun come out of wesley 's mouth that it hit Janice like a slap in the face . head all over the office start to poke out of the top of they cubicle like gopher come out of hole . Nicole watch , pleasantly stunne , from a few foot away . Janice look around , shocked . wesley like the way that feel , so ... wesley ( cont 'd ) just because you have one single iota of tenuous power , you think you can push everyone around ? ( more ) 35 . wesley ( cont 'd ) . I understand , Janice , that junior high must have be particularly difficult be call tubby all the time , but that do not give you the goddamn right to treat you worker like horseshit . sure we laugh at you behind you back and sure we know you keep a stash of jelly doughnut in the top drawer of you desk ... Janice look down at she finger , which still have a little grape jelly on they ... wesley ( cont 'd ) .and sure everyone take they lunch a hour before you so we can get a extra hour away from you , and I know that must sting sit by yourself in the White Castle parking lot every day gnaw on you third burger think up way to humiliate we ... Janice 's eye fall to she foot . wesley ( cont 'd ) . you know , if you be not such a bitch , we might actually feel sorry for you . as it be , I feel I can speak for the rest of the office when I say ... fuck you !!! with that , he throw all the papers off he desk , send they fly ! empower , wesley march toward the elevator as everyone watch he go , admiration plaster on they face . the loudmouth from the break-room step out ... loudmouth that be great dude ! he hold up he hand for a high - five , but wesley just wallop he with a right cross , not break stride on he way to the elevator . ext . outside wesley's office - day wesley fly out the front door , just as Fox 's Diablo swing around the corner . fox what 's up , new man ? 36 . wesley you be watch ? fox never stop . how would it feel , say exactly what you want to say ? wesley like I have a gun in my hand . Fox grin as wesley jump in the car and she mash on the pedal . the Diablo 's tire smoke as she launch it out of there . int . slaughterhouse room - day they return to the butcher shop . side of beef hang from hook next to a cut table . the Butcher be sharpen a knife . fox you need to get use to the blood and the muscle and the meat and the sinew and what a single blade of steel can do to a chunk of flesh . the Butcher turn and slice a chunk of tenderloin off of one of the hang carcass , then slap it on the table . fox ( cont 'd ) take care of he , Butcher . the butcher will do , Fox . the Butcher measure wesley , then start to talk in a steady , almost bored voice ... the butcher ( cont 'd ) remember , it 's the body we be kill . know it like a surgeon . wesley nod , half disgust , half enthralled . the butcher ( cont 'd ) okay , we will start at the beginning . to cut the subclavian artery , hold the knife ice-pick style and thrust down behind the clavicle , cut side to side . he jab the blade into the beef ... and just as he do ... 37 . flash - parking garage : .we smash cut to a businessman walk to he car just as the Butcher come up behind he and perform the exact same move he be just demonstrate . just as quickly , we ... flash - back to the slaughterhouse : .and the Butcher perform the next move ... the butcher - to slice the diaphragm , first whip you wrist into the target 's trachea to prevent scream , then drive the knife at a forty - five degree angle upward just below the rib cage . just as the knife hit the side of beef , we smash cut to ... flash - luxury HOTEL suite : . a drug kingpin come out of he hotel bathroom wear a bathrobe . suddenly the Butcher be on he , perform what he just describe on this poor bastard , who can no longer scream because he 's miss he trachea , and just as quickly ... flash - back to the slaughterhouse : .we be right back to the hang side of beef as the Butcher perform the next move ... the butcher if you want the jugular , pull you enemy 's head to the leave and jab you knife well into he sterno-cleio - mastoideus muscle , here , then cut down and leave . just like before , we smash cut to ... flash - dirty alley : ...a man mosey down a alley , carry a briefcase , when suddenly , the Butcher come out of nowhere , pull the enemy 's head to the leave and then wham ! , jab the knife into the neck , match the move - he be just demonstrate . 38 . 7 flash - hack to the slaughterhouse : the butcher continue to hack away at the hang meat , describe more and more way to kill with a blade ... wesley ( v.o. ) they never show you this shit on the McDonald 's commercial . .. as the camera find wesley , who be completely absorb in the lesson . the Butcher hand he the knife , and wesley start to make he first chop at it , want to please the Butcher , want to get it right ... ext . outdoor cafe - night Fox be seat at a small outdoor cafe , sip on a latte , read the paper . there 's a story about the death threat to Henry helm on the front page . just then wesley approach , he face splatter with fleck of blood . she wipe he face with a napkin . fox you have not quite figure out this whole " blend in " thing , yet . let 's go . ext . morgue - night a huge chevy 4x4 pull up and Fox hope out from behind the wheel , follow by wesley . they get to the door and Fox pull out a metal device to pick the lock . wesley what be this ? fox this ... she pick the lock and they step inside ... int . morgue - night the empty morgue examine room . empty except for a d d ozen dead b 's laid out on slab , cover by white sheet . fox this be the roach Motel , wesley . wesley look around , disgust . 39 . fox ( cont 'd ) all right , find we some skinny bitch . wesley uncover the first body ... it 's a. black male . fox ( cont 'd ) nahh , let the brother rest . find we some white meat . and nothing too fat . wesley cover the black male and move over to a second body . he unveil it to reveal ... what look like a dead suburban housewife . fox ( cont 'd ) perfect . load up soccer mom . int . target room - night Fox and sloan stand next to a paper target -- the kind of thing you see in a police target range . it show the outline of a head and torso with concentric ring for where you be suppose to aim . the gunsmith hoist the corpse of the dead soccer mom on to a hook that hang ten foot in front of the paper target . sloan flip a switch and a motor take the mom and target to the end of the range . the camera pull back to show wesley be with they stand in one of that firearm booth at the opposite end of the range . sloan selecting you weapon and then dispose of it be the most pivotal aspect of every assassination . a array of firearm be on a shelf next to wesley . sloan ( cont 'd ) pick one . wesley eye all the weaponry . finally , he settles on a short - barrel black handgun . sloan take it from he and inspect it . sloan ( cont 'd ) excellent . this be a imanishi 18 . it hold seventeen bullet in the clip and one in the chamber . it 's make of a composite material unrecognizable by metal detector . ( more ) 40 . sloan ( cont 'd ) and the imanishi 's bullet have microchip that communicate with similar one in the gun . wesley Computer chip ? sloan ( nods ) sometimes the close distance between two point be not a straight line . what if soccer mom here be between you and you target ? wesley I suppose you be go to tell I to shoot she first . sloan how would you do in physics class ? wesley mostly b's . Fox cock she head at wesley , know he 's lie . wesley ( cont 'd ) okay , I get a D . sloan why ? wesley I could not remember all the rule -- sloan that 's it . rule . what if I tell you there be not any ? he nod at wesley , like he 's on to something . sloan ( cont 'd ) people live by the rule set before they . we take they on faith that they be right . but how many time in you life have you think you have a better way , against - the rule that be simply laugh at . wesley every day . 41 . sloan because you use you brain differently than other people . all fraternity member do . wesley I do not get it . sloan human use neuron to think . but most people can only handle a small percentage of that neuron fire at once without suffer a seizure or a aneurism . not we . and not you . we have the ability to think differently than other people . wesley so we set we own rule . sloan that 's right . sloan hand he back the weapon . sloan ( cont'd try it . wesley aim the pistol at the target in front of he . he fire ... .. and the bullet plug soccer mom in the shoulder . sloan ( cont 'd ) have you ever shot a gun before ? wesley just the fly . sloan so you have no pre-conceive habit we need to break . shoot the target . do not hit mom . wesley you mean curve the bullet ? how ? sloan this be not about " how . " it 's about " what . " if you would never be tell a bullet fly straight and I hand you this and say hit that target ... what would you do ? allow you instinct to guide you . just like the fly . ( more ) 42 . sloan ( cont 'd ) the technology be only here to assist you natural instinct . wesley lift the gun , he mind racing ... sloan ( cont 'd ) it 's not ' will ' that make the physical react how we wish , it 's ' control . ' you be in control ... bam bam bam ! the bullet blast out of the gun , like they be on a track set up by wesley 's brain . he flick he wrist and ... . they arc quickly , just miss the body i e th2 center of the target ! sloan smile . sloan ( cont 'd ) rule be make to be break , wesley . no one be better at that than you father . he have a pair of pearl - handle revolver with which he could conduct a symphony . L i wesley nod proudly , and squeeze off some more shot , all chase through the same hole in the target . dissolve to : int . wesley's apartment - day Cathy jump up from the couch when wesley come in . cathy oh my god , wesley , where have you be ? I have be so worried ! but wesley just push past she and start to throw clothes out of drawer into a black duffel bag . cathy ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? be you leave ? you .owe rent ! but wesley just keep pack . cathy ( cont 'd ) you can not leave ! this be bullshit , wesley . bullshit , bullshit , bullshit . 43 . wesley just zip up he bag and turn back toward the door ... . where egx be now stand , wear outf ' that would make the devil blush . cathy ( cont 'd ) who the fuck be you ? but Fox do not even acknowledge she presence , and just watch wesley do he business . wesley walk out the door and Fox follow . Cathy chase they out on to the landing ... cathy ( cont 'd ) you be nothing , wesley ! and you will always be nothing ! you think you be gonna be happy . with that skank ... uh-oh ... Fox stop and turn around -- fisting she pistol . she unload ... bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! the camera swing over to cathy , who be about to pie herself , stand in the door frame , with bullet hole place expertly around she head . wesley and Fox keep move , down the step . Barry be come up the step , but he take one look at they , do a U -turn and hurry out of they path . int . fox's penthouse - night wesley toss he bag into the corner of this immaculately furnish penthouse apartment , overlook the skyline . fox you can take the couch until we find you someplace better . wesley okay . she move toward a separate bedroom . wesley ( cont 'd ) Fox ? she stop . 44 . C wesley ( cont 'd ) what be my father like ? for a moment , she think about it . then ... fox come on . ext . CITY STREET - night they walk down a downtown lane , building crowd in on they from all - side . not too many people be out this late ; they have the sidewalk to themselves . fox you father lov ed you , wesley . he talk about you all the time . wesley really ? wesley look at she hopefully . she smile , think about the past . fox that 's a fact . he know he be not suppose to , but he could not help it . wesley you work with he ? fox ( nods ) he train I . make I what I be . CUT to : ext . alley - night - flashback a young , greener Fox stand alone in the alley , eye scan the rooftop . fox ( v.0 . ) I remember one night he have I on my own .for the first time , and I be tagging this target name buster burgess . but I be green and clumsy and stupid . buster mark I and disappear into this old tenement building . 45 . ( -. ext . tenement rooftop - same - flashback a shadowy figure creep to the edge of the building and look down . we can not quite make out he face . Fox be look the other way and he 's get a clean shot . he raise a rifle to he eye ... bam ! he nail Fox in the thigh , and she fall helpless to the pavement . fox ( v.0 . ) motherfucker shot mein the leg . put a damn hole in my favorite skirt . the figure re-aim , ready to take out the helpless Fox . fox ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) then you know what happen ? wesley ( v.0 . ) my father save you life ? put a bullet in burgess ? k , fox ( v.0 . ) naww . I end up with four more slug in I . the figure unleash four more shot . back to : ext . CITY STREET - night they turn a corner and head up into the lobby of a tall building , they conversation continue ... wesley what kind of training be that ? fox I be here , be not I ? inside the lobby : wesley weigh all this , put it together . wesley my father be burgess , be not he ? Fox nod , smile . they step ... 46 . inside a elevator : .andstart riding it up . fox he do not hit I anywhere important , and he use pin-shot bullet that do not do any real damage . but you can be damn sure I do not let any mark get the high ground on I again . shesmile at another think . fox ( cont 'd ) and you know what we do instead of go to the hospital to stitch I up ? wesley what ? fox we go drive . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET -- night - flashback a porsche showroom sit on the corner . smash ! a black 911 convertible break through the glass and skid to a stop next to Fox in the street . two hand pull she up and drop she in the passenger seat , and the car roar off . back to : ext . elevator -- night wesley smile . the elevator ding . ext . rooftop - night Fox and wesley step out on to the rooftop where Mr. X be gun down . wesley what 's this ? fox this be where you father be kill . wesley 's eye narrow and he look around , take it all in . 47 . wesley how ? fox we be not sure . the fence he be meeting be shot in the head ... which lead he out to here ... but it must have be a set - up all along . all I know be it would take a hell of a trap to bring you father down . wesley crouch down by where he father 's body would have be , run he finger over the gravel rooftop . wesley my whole life I think he be dead . I should not feel any differently just because it happen 20 year later . fox but ... wesley but , I do . like I miss my one chance . fox well that 's why you be here . to make up for lose time . wesley look back at she . wesley can I see he body ? CUT to : int . shitty morgue - night they stand in a dark corner of a decrepit morgue , where a couple of urn rest on a counter . the place do not look like much more than a crack-house . fox we cremate we dead . I would like to say it 's to honor they , but it 's mainly to keep anyone from identify they after they be go . wesley this be my father 's ash ? fox yeah . 48 . wesley sloan say he heart stop but there be no entry wound ? fox that 's right . wesley can I have a minute ? fox sure . she leave and wesley approach the urn hold he father 's'remain . he run he finger over it , and just when we think he 's go to have a emotional moment ...' ..he smashes the urn on to the stand , the ash spilling out everywhere . wesley run he finger through the decay : what a mess ... there be piece of bone intermingled in the cremain . but then hisfingegs find something in the dust ... a bullet with a hole run down its center . he hold it up to the light for a closer look . as he study it , we start to hear ... wham ! whami ... int . SMALL room - day wham ! wham ! wham ! wesley site with he hand tie behind he back , take another beat from the pharmacist , who spout assassination technique while he pummel wesley . the pharmacist if you get in the hoo-ha of a two on one and find yourself the one , remember that each foe will likely move at the same steady speed away from each other , allow you to keep a gun on each . wham ! wham ! the pharmacist ( cont 'd ) now , if you find yourself one ' on three , that pose a real bit a ' ball ache ... 49 . the sound of the pharmacist 's voice fade to the background as wesley 's voice - over come up ... wesley ( v.0 . ) there be two kind of pain . one be a object . a live thing that crawl around the outside of you body . cut , break bone , bruise ... all deliver the kind of pain you can learn to ignore , and they soon disappear to nothing but the sound of a gnat in you ear . wesley 's eye be start to lose consciousness . wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I have live with a different kind of pain all my life ... the kind that come from two decade of be pass over , push around , ignore . but you can not hide from that kind of pain either ... wesley take a brutal shot to the face . wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) . because it find you . he involuntarily spite blood as he eye roll back in he head . int . interrogation room - day sloan sit across from wesley at a skinny table in a otherwise bare room . sloan watch the eye . look for a slight swell of the pupil . you can train you body to stay a constant temperature , you can control you heartbeat , but you can not control the center of you eye . that 's how you know when someone be lie to you . sloan look right at he . wesley narrow he eye , try to fend off he stare . sloan ( cont 'd ) do you want to fuck Fox ? wesley no . 50 . sloan I know that 's a lie without even see you eye . wesley Fine . try something else . sloan okay . what be you hide from I ? wesley look down , then focus on sloan . wesley nothing . sloan wait . wesley realize it 's useless to try to keep something from this man . he reach into he pocket and pull out the bullet with the hole in its center ... place it on the table . wesley ( cont 'd ) you tell I to hunt down my father 's killer . that 's what I be do . sloan what 's this ? wesley the bullet that kill he . you say he heart stop but there be no entrance wound . this bullet have a hole cut into its center ... sloan yes ? wesley you know how a mole bury into the earth by push the dirt back around it ? I think this bullet do what the mole do ... split the skin and push it back through its center , fill the space it just pass through . sloan look at he , like he might have be underestimate he until now . wesley ( cont 'd ) Fox be tell I that my father use special bullet . it look like Cross do too ... which mean this be custom make . if we find who make they , then we find someone who have access to Cross . 51 . sloan pick up the bullet and lean back . sloan you put this all together on you own ? wesley tap he head . wesley firing neuron . ( beat ) whatever happen to my father 's gun ? the pearl handle one ? sloan do not know . but whoever have they be not long for this place . sloan reach down and pick up a binder which he drop on the desk . wesley what 's that ? sloan Cross . the detail of he life . q continue you hunt . wesley no rule , right ? this stop sloan for a second . sloan no rule . int . fox's penthouse - day wesley lie on Fox 's couch , try he damndest not to peek at she through she bedroom door . it 's crack just enough that he can see she drape a towel around she body as she head to take a shower . wesley site up and look at the binder sit on the table . slowly he open it and see a picture of Cross stare back at he . the man who take wesley 's father from he . wesley study the face , want to know every detail . 52 . in the bathroom : Fox peer out the door and look at wesley , watch he absorb more of Cross with every page . CUT to : int . library - day sloan lead wesley into a gigantic room line from floor to ceiling with leather - bound book . sloan we keep a record of every assassination mission , go back to the ide of March . Maps , diagram , logistic , complication , weapon of choice ... it 's all there . wesley nod , impressed . sloan just keep lead he through a set of double door , into ... int . map room -- day .a large room , the size of a auditorium . on the floor be a gigantic model of the entire city , build to scale , show all the building , skyscraper , church , the waterfront , the city street . everything the city have to offer laid out in miniature . sloan and wesley stand like giant in the middle of the model city ... wesley what 's all this ? sloan where we plot we local hit . this city be one of the fraternity 's major headquarters . wesley ( look around ) this room . the book . seem low -tech . sloan part of master technology be know when to use it . model can not be hack . you father build this room himself . most of the building be white , but intersperse amongst they be a few vaint red . some of the model street lamp be also red . 53 . the color red appear sporadically throughout the entire model city : on the side of building , on mailbox , on some of the manhole cover . wesley what 's with the red one ? sloan just smile ... . and the camera move to he feet , then push 'in on one particular street on the map , further in on one red streetlight and we ... dissolve to : ext . STREET - day . the 's city street , now full - size , buzzing with activity , pedestrian hurry to work , car and taxi and truck whizzing through the street . sloan and wesley walk down the sidewalk , pass streetlight after streetlight until they reach one in particular . sloan the fraternity 's grasp reach every facet of the world 's major city , include they construction . look at this streetlight . wesley peer at it ... there be a plaque affix to the pole ... the standard thing you find on this thing ... " Municipal c. W. 63070 . " but then there be something different on this one ... a tiny symbol on the bottom of the plaque ... the cerberus instead of the seal of the cit sloan press the symbol and the plaque slide aside , revealing a hollow space behind it . he reach he hand inside and pull out a small handgun ... flip out the clip expertly , then rack the weapon . wesley can not believe it . wesley you have stashes ... sloan .everywhere . wesley Jesus . 54 . just then , two police officer walk by , eye . the gun sloan have pull out . police officer Sir ... sloan flash he tattoo at they . sloan keep move , fella . they nod and do just that . sloan ( cont 'd ) they let we do we job , we let they live . the camera push in on wesley 's face as he realize the full scope of this organization and we ... dissolve to : series of shot : gun range . wesley fire he imanishi 18 on the shoot range , steering the bullet wherever he want they to go . wesley closer . impress , the gunsmith move the corpse closer to the target , make the angle all that much tougher . wesley get ready to squeeze he trigger , but a pistol start firing next to he . he look over ... sloan be stand nr= &amp ; of he , fire at the target . every shot bend around the body and hit right in the forehead of the target . wesley smile , impressed . library . wesley thumb through a old fraternity book , which have detailed sketches of a assassination in 17th century Paris . meat locker . wesley work out on a heavy bag , hone he punch , the chef hold the bag for he , muscle rippling . map room . wesley walk by himself amongst the miniature city , try to memorize where the red mark be . 55 . interrogation room . wesley sit here , . be grill by sloan , as he try to -tell the undetectable lie . sloan we job be not just about how fast or true you shoot , wesley . physical agility will always lose to mental agility . it 's warfare of the mind . fo be apart . wesley look at Fox through the bedroom door . slaughterhouse . wesley work with the Butcher on the art of knife play . map room . the gardener and Fox show wesley the rooftop of a certain building on the model city , one corner of the roof paint red . rooftop . Fox and the gardener now with wesley on that actual rooftop , point out fire angle , mode . of ascension , and escape route . the gardener move over to a cornerstone in the roof of the building and then easily lift it off , revealing a stash of assault rifle . k shoot G . wesley look at some ammunition while the gunsmith talk and demonstrate . he fire at one of the target , which explode in a splatter mess and we cut to ... int . fox's penthouse - morning Fox make coffee as wesley sit , study the binder , he mind racing . wesley Cross and my father be tight . but Cross think he should be one of the head of the fraternity so he leave and vow to kill the three head . which mean my father be dead because of petty jealousy . fox more reason for Cross to die . wesley flip to the picture of cross . wesley but I do not see jealousy in that eye , do you ? Fox walk over and slam the binder shut . 56 . fox listen .to I , wesley . in two week , we have to kill Henry helm . do - you know who that be ? wesley the journalist who 's get a price - tag on he head . fox a price - tag that we be go to collect . you father be meeting with a fence about the job when Cross take he down . so we can only assume Cross know about the target too . we ... you ... have to take Cross out before we prosecute this mission . we can not have he out there as a wildcard , wreak havoc , do you understand ? wesley yeah . fox we have never default on a job and this 1 k one will not be the first . int . target room - day sloan fire at the target , the bullet follow he every command . wesley do the same , equally skilled . Fox sit , watch the two of they . be it become competitive ? one shoot and then the other follow , neither one ever miss . finally , gunsmith run the target back in to change out the body . Fox lean back , impressed . fox May have find you match , sloan . sloan smirk and turn to instruct wesley . sloan pick the weapon , make the kill , destroy the weapon . no other rule . wesley nod as gunsmith return . 57 . wesley ( to the gunsmith ) Close the gap . push the body closer to the target .. the gunsmith it 's already at four foot . wesley closer . the gunsmith here 's two . you father could not even do that . wesley closer . the gunsmith wesley , at some point -- wesley closer . I will say when . wn gunsmith start slide the target closer to the body , until it 's actually touch the back of the dead business man ! the gunsmith how you gonna -- ? fox just run it out there . let the kid work . the gunsmith shrug and run the target down the range . wesley look at sloan . wesley you wanna go first ? sloan there be limit to everything , wesley . at some point the body become a shield . wesley pull he gun and let loose five round , lightning fast . the gunsmith bring the target back to they ... ..a the business man be riddled with es . the gunsmith I guess not every rule can be break . 58 . wesley check the target . the gunsmith do and we see that each of the five bullet have pass clean through the cadaver and find it 's mark on the target . wesley ( cont 'd ) you will find one entry below the shoulder , miss the major blood vessel there , exite the back . second shot go through the abdomen , clipped only the bowel and exite cleanly . third hit the upper right quadrant of the abdomen , which be partially protect by the ribcage , and pass through the liver and probably part of the gallbladder . Upper leave abdomen be a good place , where number four rupture the spleen before continue down main street . and finally , what I like to call " the ,7fk . " number five enter the mouth , be redirected downward by the upper jawbone on , and exite the back of the neck . that 's the shot you will find in the middle of the target . gunsmith stick he finger through the hole in the middle of the target . wesley ( cont 'd ) ( to sloan ) fuck the rule . with that , he turn and walk away , a look on he face that be he fiercest , a far cry from the kid in the cubicle . that same expression be on he face as we ... CUT to : int . interrogation room - day wesley strain against the rope that bind he hand as the pharmacist waylay he . but be t' e . wesley count out the punch as he take the shot . wesley one ! there be a look in wesley 's eye we , have not see before , a burn , searing fire . as he continue to take punch and count they out ... 59 . wesley ( cont 'd ) two ! ( wham ! ) Three ! ( wham ! ) four ! ( wham ! ) five !! ( wham !! ) ..he pull he arm tight , and he muscle start to twitch and bulge -- muscle we do not know he have until . now -- and as he continue to take punch , wham ! , wham ! , wham !! , the rope strain against the wooden chair , and we can hear the wooden leg start to pop , until ... crack !!! wesley jerk he arm ee and come swillcrincr with the break of leg of the chair . smash ! smash !! the pharmacist go down hard and wesley stand over he , out of control , . furious , smash ! smash ! , beat he with that break chair leg . the camera push though one of the wall ... observation room : .. to where Fox and sloan be watch wesley pummel the pummeler through a one - way mirror . sloan he 's ready . the los2 k on Fox 's face become more and more and sexual until ... int . fox's penthouse - night .. she lean on top of wesley , straddle he on too of she bed . they unleash on each other , and from the look of it , Fox make Cathy seem like a nun . fox do not you quit now , baby ! do not you quit now !! wesley do not know it could be like this . after they finish , Fox get up and head to the shower and he watch she go the whole way . in the doorway , she turn around ... fox ( cont 'd ) sloan say you be ready . 60 int . tattoo room - day wesley site in a chair as Fox crouch next to he with a advanced tattoo machine , inking he hand . wesley do you like be the only chick in the fraternity ? fox ( coyly ) who say I be the only sister ? maybe you just have not meet any other yet . wesley laugh . wesley ( playfully back ) maybe I have and I be just not tell you . fox ( grinning ) hold still . he settles down . wesley how do you end up here , Fox ? fox same way you do , sugar . they find I . wesley what do you do before ? Fox look at he , a wry smile on she face . fox sold perfume . at the mall . wesley no shit ? fox no shit . wesley I can not see it . fox get in line . 61 . wesley what make they come after you ? I mean , I know why I be here . fox fraternity member all have something in they lineage that show they will be good at this . wesley and yours be ? fox my great- great-great - grandfather on my mother 's side . he be on a slave ship come over from East Africa and as it be pull into Charleston , he kill every white man on the ship and swim to shore . they catch he and hang he four day later . wesley that 's terrible . fox I Nah . motherfucker deserve it . be rape eight woman in that four day . one of they be my great- great- great- grandmama . she push she chair back , do with she work . the camera push in as Fox remove the device so we can take a look : the three - head dog have be tattooe into he hand . ext . CITY STREET - night wesley and Fox walk down a crowded urban city street . the camera find wesley 's tattoo and then move around behind Fox and hold on hers . wesley where 's the Diablo ? fox ( shrug ) I get tired of the color . wesley can not help but smile , then Fox stop . they be stand right in front of a car showroom , display in the window be a midnight black porsche 911 convertible sit in a showroom window ... 'us like the one wesley 's father smashed in Fox 's story . 62 . ext . showroom - night suddenly , the car come fly out of the window , glass shatter everywhere as it tear up the street . wesley ( v.0 . ) be a member of the fraternity be like win the lottery ... on the CITY street : traffic light mean nothing , as wesley mash the accelerator to the mat , and the porsche respond , rip up the road like a tiger on the prowl . Fox rise up in the passenger seat , look over the windshield , the wind whipping she face ... wesley .( v.0 . ) this ... this be what my dad 's life be like . he be a fuck god . he weave in and out of traffic , then rip around a corner , narrowly cut in front of a eighteen - wheeler , which have to slam on its brake . wesley ( cont 'd ) where we head ? fox Trial by fire , sugar . hook a right . wesley whip the car around a corner ... fox ( cont 'd ) Park it here , baby . he pull the car to the side of the street ... . in front of a busy outdoor mall . it 's cover with shop , eatery , movie theater and people , people , people . Fox eye the crowd . wesley you need a new wardrobe or something ? fox we be here for a reason and it be not clothes - shopping . somewhere in that crowd be you first target . 63. wesley a test ? fox ( shake she head ) the real thing . wesley who 's the mark ? fox you will know he when you see he . wesley what if I do not ? fox then you get shot . Fox hand he he imanishi pistol , which wesley roll over in he hand . fox ( cont 'd ) it 's graduation day , baby . I he nod and make he way toward ... the outdoor mall : . where he quickly mingle with the crowd . he have he hand tuck into the front pocket of he hood - sweatshirt , the pistol inside . people pass he on he leave and right , some make eye contact , some do not ... anybody could be the target .. wesley 's eye scan to the rooftop , surveying ... the security guard by the theater , the sweater - folder at the gap , the scary - looking guy shopping at the sunglass stand . and then wesley 's eye settle on someone he be not expect to see ... Barry , he best friend that be shagging he girlfriend ... be thumbing through book outside the barne and noble ... seemingly . not pay attention to what 's around he . wesley can not believe it . it can not be he . can it ? just then , Barry stop look at the book and start walk toward wesley , keep he eye down . fuck , this can not really be happen ... 64 . .. wesley get ready , both hand inside that front pocket ... .and now Barry meet he eye ... still come ... still come ... barry wesley ... hey dude . wesley can not believe itl barry ( cont 'd ) thanks for call I . I want to say ... wesley pull out he gun and Barry throw up he hand ... barry ( cont 'd ) whoa , man !! but now we see wesley be look past b_arry . over he shoulder ... wesley get down ! .and he 's look at a man we recognize from he office ... the consultant . he 's approach rapidly behind Barry , fisting a ' pair of pistol ! just as Barry hit the deck , wesley pull the trigger ... . but it lust click , the chamber empty ... smash CUT to : the porsche : Fox hold the clip to wesley 's imanishi , tapping it in she hand . Holy shit , she give he a empty gun ... smash back to : the outdoor mall : wesley can not believe he gun be empty . in the split - second that it take he to realize this , the consultant have he gun levele , take aim , but ... 65 . ... wesley move faster than we think he could move ... he dart behind a kiosk hock monogramm apparel , and dash full speed through the crowd lining the street . the consultant chase after he , knock shopper out of the way , send fanny pack and Nordstrom bag fly . wesley hook a right around a sharper image and head straight down a narrower section , like he 's on a mission , know exactly where he 's go . and now we see why ... because the city around we go stark white like the mg room . we be see what wesley see , what he 's memorize in all that hour stare at the model . finally we see one SMALL bench next to a fountain , which be bright red . immediately the natural color of the city c2 we back and wesley be run all out for that bench . he go into a slide , hit the grass . underneath the bench , slide under it , pop up on the other side . he rip a metal panel off the back of it as he do , revealing a automatic pistol ... . and just as quickly , he 's up on one knee , aim , use the bench as a shield as the consultant rush up , surprised and bam ! bam ! bam : the consultant drop where he be , three bullet hit he in he two shoulder and he chest . people start scream and running the hell away from the gunplay . wesley be about to run away himself , but when he turn , Fox be right there beside he ... smile . a couple of security guard be with she , smile as well . wesley look over at the consultant , who site up , smile too , even though he 's bleed from three spot on he body ... fox pin shot bullet . wesley look down at the gun . wesley just like my father use on you . Fox nod , as the Security Guards go to help the consultant to he foot . wesley ( cont 'd ) you be watch I in the office . 66 . fox ( nods ) protect we asset . she hand the clip from the imanishi over to wesley ... fox ( cont 'd ) time to do this for real . CUT to : int . long corridor wesley and Fox walk down a long hallway toward a single doorway . they open it , revealing ... int . sloan' office - day . a large office with a single desk and a roaring fire . sloan turn from the fire to greet they . he hold up the " mole " bullet , and smile . sloan the mole bullet be make by a midget t filipino name pek War . his finger be so small that they can shape and smooth the metal better than anyone . wesley you have know all along . you know before I ever break the urn ... sloan I have to let you figure it out for yourself . wesley part of my training . sloan part of you quest . to get to know you father . ( beat ) and he killer . wesley nod , a grave expression on he face , like he know what he be go to do next . 67 . sloan ( cont 'd ) pek War charge exorbitant price , as much as ten-thousand dollar for a single round , but he craftsmanship be unparalleled . he head over to wesley , hand he a slip of paper . ' sloan ( cont 'd ) you can find he at this address . CUT to : int . pek war' manufacactur shop - night a three - foot-seven -inch asian man site at a worktable with he little leg dangle over the end of he chair . pek . war be concentrate hard on the metal in he hand . the diminutive man look up from he worktable when he hear a loud thump . pex war andey ? he get no answer . he remain perfectly still , listen . pek war ( cont 'd ) andey ?l two louder thump and a gunshot jerk he head around . then he 's up out of the chair , faster than we think a little man could move . breathe rag , shimmy across he work space , pek War hurry over to a chest of drawer . he get to it and throw open the bottom drawer to reveal a stash of handgun . he reach for one ... ... but the muzzle off a pistol come _ ue to the back of he head and the hammer click as it be pull back . pek War throw he hand up . pek war ( cont 'd ) alam man lamangl alam man lamangl wesley signal for he to turn around . after he do ... 400 68 . per war ( cont 'd ) alam man lamang ! wesley measure he with eye that have go hard . Fox stand over wesley 's shoulder , loving every moment of this . then ... wesley there be two thing about you I be sure of right now , little man . one be that you can speak English ... pek War see that wesley mean business . per war ( perfect English ) and what 's the other ? wesley that my nutsack be bigger than you . Fox snicker . per war ( spit ) what do you want ? k fox a bullet you make kill he father . the bullet maker look as though he know a day like this might eventually come . his face fall and he look . at he foot . per war I only mold the ammunition ... I can not be responsible for the way it be ... wesley smashes he in the face with the butt of he gun , then grab a long , metal stiletto - type tool from the work table . wesley bullshit . you be as responsible as if you pull the trigger yourself . per war ( whimper ) I do not ... ariv wesley I be only go to ask you one question and I want you to think very hard how you want to answer . with that , wesley stick the stiletto into pek War 's side ! pek war owww1 wesley relax . the blade be in only a inch or so . the little man start jabber to God in some foreign language . wesley ( cont 'd ) see I have learn a thing or two about human anatomy recently . in fact , this blade be stick just beneath the coastal cartilage of you tenth rib . just a little push and it will deflate you lung . that 's call a pneumothorax . V helluva way to go , suffocating in a'room full of fresh air . plus the sound , the sound of all that oxygen hiss out of you lung ... pssssssh , like a balloon at a birthday party . enough to make a man beg for a second chance . ( beat ) but you be only go to have one . pek War wait , try not to writhe from the pain ... wesley ( cont 'd ) so my question be ... how do I find Cross ? pek War 's eye go wide , plead ... pek war ( defensive ) my client use middlemen , I do not meet they in person , I know so little about they ... wesley twitches the handle just a bit . pek war ( cont 'd ) okayl okayl dammitl God damiaitl I will tell you ! 70 . wesley let up a little bit . pek war ( cont 'd ) prearrange meet . Fox snatch up a nearby phone . wesley . start prearrang . ext . CITY STREET - night the porsche once again tear across the asphalt , as wesley drive . fox wesley , you gotta know something . no matter what kind of training you have do this last few week , kill you first , well that 's gonna change you forever . wesley drive for a while . then ... wesley you know what my foster mother . tell I when I be six year old ? Fox shake she head . wesley ( cont 'd ) she catch I eat some jello out of the fridge after my bedtime . I know I be not suppose to but I be so damn hungry , and it be just some fuck jello . anyway , after she hit I so hard I could not bite down straight for a week , she tell I ... she tell I that God have kill my parent because I be such a wick boy . fox Jesus . someone need to find that bitch and set she straight . wesley so I grow up think I be the reason I never know my parent . but now , to find out , that no , my father do not give I up because he have die ... he give I up because he be protect I ... well I guess I want to give he something back . 71 . fox here we be . ext . warehouse district - night they be surround by industrial look warehouse , one of which have the word Times -herald on it . newspaper delivery truck make they way in and out of the load dock area of this building . overhead , a EL train scrape along the wear track . Fox pull around a corner and back into a alley , so they can have a view of the corner in front of they . wesley scan the area quickly . wesley not very discreet , be they ? Fox smile knowingly , and look up , revealing what wesley be talk about . on various rooftop we- see figure peer down . look over the site . fox the other be only backup singer . this be you show . Fox subtly move she head and figure disappear , crouching down . just then , out the windshield , they see a man wear a long black overcoat approach the corner near the newspaper building . Fox 's eye start to dance . fox ( cont 'd ) remember : he 's good , baby . but you be the best I have ever see . wesley nod and the two of they step out of the car . in the STREET : from a distance , wesley approach Cross from the back . his step become quick , get closer every pass second . wesley start to reach in he coat for he gun ... .and that 's when Cross firesl Quick as lightning , Cross have gun out and let loose toward the roof of a nearby warehouse . 72 . his bullet have the instinct of a bird dog , and it curve over the edge of the building and find its mark , cause a crouching assassin to plunge from the roof to the street near wesley ! the other on the rooftop hail down bullet as Cross disappear into the nearest building , the Times -herald . wesley and Fox run toward the building as three other fraternity member beat they there , the bellman , the waiter , and the electrician . wesley see they congregate on the load dock and then start inside the building ... wesley no ! the minute bellman expose himself in the open load dock door he be cut down from inside , he bloody body fall backwards into a newspaper truck park at the dock . wesley and Fox join the other two on the dock as scream worker run from the place . waiter we need a way in there . electrician let 's find another door . wesley he will be long go by then . fox ( shaking she head ) he 's get the high ground . wesley see a unmanned forklift on the dock . wesley on the pallet . they all jump on the pallet hold by the fork of the lift . wesley throw the machine in reverse and it back into the warehouse , the four assassin safely crouching on the pallet on the front . inside the newspaper build : once inside ... 73. wesley Separate . the lowest level be the load dock , where pallet of newspaper and massive unused paper roll await . with the electrician : the electrician hustle between the pallet and box , eye darting , gun draw . he back up to a pallet of stack newspaper , use it as cover . what he do not realize be that between each stack of papers be a space , just big enough for a -- thwap ! a bullet find its way through the space and hit the electrician in the back of the shoulder , spin he around . close on : Cross ' gun . another shot and we follow the bullet , across the dock and dip low into the next space in the paper stack -- right where electrician be now lean ... . the bullet bury in he eye , send he to the flog . wesley see Cross race for a set of stair . just as wesley be about to cut he down , Cross fire at a wooden beam hold back some massive roll of newspaper . the roll tumble over and wesley have to dive out of the way , allow Cross to escape up the stair . wesley , Fox and the waiter all race for the stair . on level two : giant printing machine be run full speed , printing up the morning edition . a group of newspaper employees see the gun the fraternity member be tote and scramble for safety . wesley have to yell to be hear over the whirring machine ... wesley ( to the waiter ) stay here and cover we . there 's no angle for he to hit you if you stay here . wesley point at a scaffold that run above the machine . 74 . wesley ( cont 'd ) do not let he get up there . and stay clear of the press ! he will use they however he can . waiter how do you know ? wesley it 's what I would do . with that , wesley and Fox disappear amongst the machinery . the waiter take a step back from the press , where over a hundred pound of paper spin through every second . he stick he head out to try and keep a eye on that scaffold . everything look clear , until ... ... shot ring out and a shelf of with a1l of waiter 's head give way ! he turn to see a bunch of can of spray lubricant fall to the floor . no big deal , until Cross shoot one of they out of the air , cause it to explode ! the burn oil cover the waiter , who scream and stumble nearer the printing press ... bam bam bam ! more shot from Cross and one of the restraining arm on the roll of paper feed the machine break in half . the paper roll spin wildly from the machine and like a. see , cut the waiter in hplf ! with a leap , Cross be on the scaffold over the press . for just a second , Cross stop as he lock eye with wesley ... .. but Fox be already fire at he so Cross have to keep move ... he head up a second staircase , but not before he send a stream of bullet back at Fox , who athletically cartwheel away ... . but one of Cross 's bullet disintegrate a gear on the press near she , send fly metal everywhere . a piece of shXapnel b ies into Fox 's leg ... make she break out of she cartwheel and flop down , wounded . 75 . fox fuuuucckkk ! Cross race along the scaffold and disappear into a door . fox ( cont 'd ) keep goin ' , baby ! take he ! wesley race for the stair . he be the only one leave to chase Cross to level three . on level three : wesley burst through the door , gun ready . the place be already in pandemonium , with people yell and scream and run for cover . quickly , wesley realize he 's in the business office of the paper , and it look surprisingly similar to he old office . lame - ass cubicle and florescent lighting everywhere . wesley jump up on a desk . wesley Cross ! unafraid , Cross climb up on a desk on the other side of the office . without hesitation , wesley open fire at Cross ... who immediately return fire ... .and he bullet actually collide with Cross 's by ets in mid-air !!! the bullet ricochet and take out a computer screen where someone be play solitaire . the two assassin blast away , all while diving and move over and in the cubicle . Cross have a gun similar to the imanishis , and they each steer they bullet at each other from sharp angle ... strangely , . the first bullet collision be not blind luck , but the pattern for the battle . they be fight the same fight , they bullet meeting in the middle , each man use the same technique at the exact same time . wesley need a angle , and spot a dry erase board the word " action item " write on it . he fire at it , and he bullet bounce off it at a angle where one of they strike Cross in the shoulder ... thwap !!! Cross can not believe he 's hit but he do not have time to flinch ... right as wesley fire again , he turn , barely avoid the rain of bullet and leap through a nearby window , smash the glass out , 76 . wesley do not hesitate behind he ... he sprint for the same window and dive through it , gun at the ready and ... outside the window : .we stay with wesley as he fall from the third floor , fire he gun the whole time ... . until he land top of a " L " train move at will speed . the warehouse district : Fox limp out of the newspaper building and hurry to the porsche . she ignore she wound and rip the car out of the alley , chase after the flee L train . on the L train : ahead of wesley , Cross be also on the top of the train . he manage to get up , spin around , and fire at wesley ... . but they both have to duck as the L train whip under a overpass , which miss smash both of they by mere inch . Cross take the opportunity to swing down between car and enter one of the L car . behind he : wesley hurry across the top of the train , spying the trail of blood that Cross be leave behind from he wound . wesley smile , a shark on a wounded baby seal , as he also swing down between the car and enter ... the first L car : . where he see the trail of blood lead all the way down the center of the empty car and out the back door . wesley hover in the entry way , he gun up and ready . he take a step forward to follow the blood trail , and immediately , he be deck from the side by a ambush Cross . they tumble over the first row of seat , both lose they gun . 77 . wesley kick Cross off of he , but cross-spin with two new sun in he hand ! wesley be .on he quick though , and slam Cross into one of the train 's window hard enough to crack it . with a quick twist of Cross ' wrist , wesley take a sun from he just as Cross kick h , m off ... . wesley fire as he fall backwards . Cross fall backwards too from the momentum ... .. and they both smash out opposite window of the train before landing on either side of it ! ext . dirty alley - night but the amazing thing be ... they stand up and keep fire as the car be whipping by at 80 mph , and realize they . be timing they shot to actually blast between each car in the 's it - second the open pass . on the train : commuter ride along in blissful ignorance , read they papers , hold on to the handrail ... completely unaware of the gunfight raging outside the train . a bullet whizze through a open window , pierce a businessman be paper , and exit a window on the opposite side of the car . the man stick he finger through the hole , unaware of the battle outside . what the hell ? in the alley : on opposite side of the train , wesley and Cross be both sprinting and fire , try to get to the end of the last train , while dodging each other 's bullet ... .as the last car pass , they each jump on the track , end u with gun tuck under each other 's chin ! cross wesley ! this take wesley aback ... cross ( cont 'd ) look into my eye ! wesley 's finger be start to squeeze he trigger ... as be Cross 's . cross ( cont 'd ) ( growl , in pain ) look into my eye , goddammit ! 78 . finally , wesley do and he face go slack as he see himself reflect in Cross 's dupil . just then , Fox pull up in the porsche about fifty yard away , and she headlight illuminate they . Cross shift he eye to she , then do a curious thing : he lower he gun , then drop it to the ground . wesley can not believe Cross would leave himself defenseless . move swiftly , Cross man tuck something into the rocket of wesley 's hood sweatshirt . cross ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) everything they tell you be a lie , wesley . with that ... Cross fall down . his black jacket spill open to show a gun shot wound not just to he shoulder , but to hig n too . one of wesley 's bullet through the train must have find its mark . Cross be bleed profusely . he gasp a couple of time ... then , with he last bit of energy ... cross ( cont 'd ) find the miss piece . and ... do not ... let they ... dispose of the weapon ... with that , the life go out of Cross 's eye . wesley stare at that face , try to decipher some meaning there . but Cross just stare blankly back at he , just as Fox come limping up . fox you do it , baby ! Son of a bitch , you do it . you put down motherfuck Cross ! wesley look down and see some of Cross 's blood on he hand from they clench . there be also some on the gun he be hold . be --h d ed crun . wesley reach down and take the other pearl - handle gun from where it drop and look over they both . fox ( cont 'd ) what would he say to you ? wesley look up , see some sort of anticipation in Fox 's eye . he look back down at Cross 's body .. 79 . wesley he say ... he say ' pie on the fraternity ... ' Fox measure he , like she 's not sure if he 's tell the whole story . finally , she nod ... fox well ... damn , I could not be more proud of you , baby ! let 's go lay this on sloan ! wesley yeah , sure . fox what 's wrong ? wesley I think I need . a minute to myself . fox ( understanding ) sure . it 's you first kill . I will wait for you ... wesley naah , that 's all right . you need to get stitched up . I will meet you at that Korean place . fox you sure ? but he 's already walk off . she watch he go , think ... CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - night wesley walk down the street . people instinctively get out of he way as he cut a path down the sidewalk . then he pull out what Cross slip inside he pocket : a beat - up copy of count of onte cristo . in fact , there 's no mistake , it 's the same copy he have as a kid . wesley try to make sense of this as he open up the cover ... print on the inside in a steady hand be the word : " I leave you something . " wesley lower the book and see a cheesy guy park a harley at a curb . he bee-line for the guy . 80 . ext . highway - morning wesley now blaze down the highway , push the harley to its limit . his angry expression have not dissipate . ext . suburban STREET - morning the harley pull up to a lower- middle - class house , the kind you might find in any run-down suburb . kid run around the neighborhood , play . on the bike : wesley sit and look at one particular house . he climb off 'and head to the side of the house , still carry he book . side of the house : he duck through a break chain - link fence and move down the side of the house ... . until he find a familiar wooden board . familiar because we have see this place before : it 's where he live when he be a foster kid . he remove the board , then reach into the hole . his hand seize on something . from the hole , he withdraw a key attach to a note with a address on it : 1850 North highbury St. wesley 's eye move from the copy of monte cristo , to the key , and back to the book . finally , he lower he hand ... revealing a little eight - year - old kid , watch he curiously from the back yard . wesley hey . kid hey . wesley you live here ? the kid.nod . wesley ( cont 'd ) Foster home ? 4014 the kid nod again . 81 . wesley ( cont 'd ) read this . he toss the kid the book and head off . ext . residential STREET - day he pull the harley over to a curb and then reach into he jacket pocket and withdraw the note and the key . across the street , the address match : 1850 n. highbury . the place look like a concrete fortress ... no window , just a large- iron door in front . wesley approach , not sure what the address could mean . he get to the door , look for a key-hole , but he do not find one . he fidget there awkwardly for a second , but then ... . the door open , revealing a woman , anna . she take a look at wesley and then put a tremble hand over she lip . anna come in , wesley . he stare at she , try to figure this out . he step ... inside the house : .and find that the place be nicely decorate ; a attempt to cover up what be really a reinforce bunker . Anna be now try to hold back tear , but can not . anna he 's dead , be not he ? there 's no point lie to this woman ... wesley yes , mar 'am . she nod knowingly , sadly . anna he tell I if he do not come back ... it would be you who pull the trigger . wesley âœ“ he kill my father ... 82 . Anna look at he , confuse . but then , realization set in ... anna I think you need to meet someone ... she lead wesley into another room , where a five - year - old boy , play the floor . anna ( cont 'd ) wesley . this be you brother ... Andrew . wesley 's not sure what to make of this . wesley my brother ? anna half-brother . but both of you , you be both 100 percent you . father 's boy . I have see that from the beginning . Andrew be busy play with a couple of black toy building on the floor . wesley study the little guy , still confuse . anna ( cont 'd ) you father ... he be with you the whole time . wesley look up and see what she 's refer to . the wall be fill with picture of Andrew , Anna , and ... remarkably ... ... photoarath of wesley at various age with hgn he be - grow u ! anna ( cont 'd ) this be he favorite . she hand he a picture of wesley at about age 12 , sit with he back to a tree , read count of monte cristo . the picture have be take through a windshield , across the street . wesley reel , he leg give out , he slump against one of the wall ... flash : Cross fire at Fox and wesley at the grocery store . but now we see that Fox position wesley between herself and the shooter . he be not try to hit wesley , he be try to separate he from she . 83 . wesley , think , remember ... flash : wesley study Cross 's face in the file , see that there be not jealousy in that eye . wesley still slump against the wall , surround by picture of himself ... flash : wesley reflect in Cross 's pupil . Holy shitl !! Cross be he father !!! wesley look up at Anna 's kind face ... anna ( cont 'd ) when you father and I find each other , when we have Andrew , he say he could no longer live the way he have be live . he say he would not give we up , the way he have give up he first eon . wesley stare at the picture ... he can not believe he be be watch back when he feel so alone . anna ( cont 'd ) it be he great regret . she leave he in the room , alone , with he brother . wesley watch the kid , try to process it all . for the first time , emotion overcome he , and he break down ... . but he 's too tough now to sob , so he force the Bob down in he throat and blink back the tear . goddamn , he have a brother . in the kitchen of the safehouse - night - later he walk up behind Anna , who be sip some coffee at a kitchen table , red eye . anna would you like some coffee ? wesley I be okay . wesley set the key down on the table . wesley ( cont 'd ) do you know what this open ? CUT to : 84 . a lone keyhole in a solid closet door . wesley stick the key in and swing the door open revealing a long black coat , just like he father 's . anna I guess it 's not much of a inheritance . wesley ( steely ) he leave I more than this . wesley take the coat and fold it over he arm . anna I want you to know that he forgive you before you ever pull the trigger . he try to keep you out of it for so long ... wesley why do not he just tell I ? anna once they have you ... he could not risk it unless you be alone . he know he one shot at tell you might be he last . her eye harden a little bit . anna ( cont 'd ) you have to finish what he be do , wesley . it 's the only way any of we will ever be free . especially you brother . they will not stop hunt we ... you father know that . wesley nod . wesley I will be back as soon as this be over . anna you have family here . wesley nod , this word meaning so much to he . int . korean bar-b-que joint - night Fox eat in a small restaurant in the heart of koreatown , the kind of place that have the hot hibachi grill on the S table top . 85 . the place be mostly empty , quiet , with mainly Korean face both dining and serve . it 's the kind of place where you can eat and not be bother . the door swing open and Fox look up . the silhouette of e I ure in the dogjlwm be disturbing , a familiar person in a long black coat ... fox Jesus . she squint , the set sunlight nearly blind she as all she can see be a silhouette ... fox ( cont 'd ) for a second there I think you look just like Cross . wesley step into the light and move over to the table as Fox light up a cigarette . wesley skipped the hospital ? fox he pick I clean and I do not care much for needle . she blow out a lungful of smoke and watch as it rise toward the ceiling . fox ( cont 'd ) sloan 's on he way . one of the waiter wave to she to put out she smoke and she just stare he down . the man back off , nodd and smile . fox ( cont 'd ) you want something to eat , baby ? wesley I be all right . fox they get some good shit . ostrich , chicken ... will not fill you up too much if you be watch you calory . wesley naah . 8 â‚¬. fox well , the big man should be here any minute ... wesley yeah . ( beat ) listen , can I ask you a : question ? fox baby , you can ask I anything you want . he focus on she eye , zeroing in on the pupil . wesley do you know Cross be my father ? fox what ? wesley do you know ? closer , closer ... tight on that pupil ... fox o aw what be you talk about wesley ? Cross kill you father . extreme close -up : we see she pupil swell , just a tiny bit . korean bar -b-que : he see it ... exactly what sloan tell he to look for when someone be lie . and from the look on Fox 's face , she know he see it . fox goddammit , wesley ... she stab out she cigarette , crush it on the hot grill so that it sizzle . fox ( cont 'd ) why would you have to ask I that ? with that , she kick back from the table , hold a huge black Smith and wesson revolver . $ 7 . wesley only have a millisecond to respond , - and he do by kick over the table , which send food and utensil fly , but also shield he from Fox 's bullet . just as quickly , Fox leap up on top of one of the other table , try to keep she heel on the side so that she foot do not touch the hot grill . if she 's wounded , we would not know it . wesley do the same on a nearby table . they take shot at each other as they leap from table to table , avoid the sizzling center , but they be both so quick that no bullet find they mark . then Fox take a run leap at he , move ferociously fast . she 's like the animal she 's name after , and she launch off one of the table ... . and catch wesley flush , kno in he backwards , a form tackle on to a table ... .. where he land quare on the oven top ... pssssbhh ... and he gun go fly across the room as ... . the table to start to burn through he clothes ! % aw wesley arrrh ! fox you shoulda know better , baby ... but he roll over , take Fox with he , and now the oven - be burn into she back . with all she strength , she buck he off and then flip herself backwards off the table . with another kick , she send the hot table fly at he . it rip free from its wiring , and the nozzle spray gas out into the restaurant ... sssssssss ... wesley knock the fly table out of the way , but not before it burn he arm as he block it . spot he gun , he sprint for they as Fox unleash a hailstorm of bullet . but he 's too damn fast , and he dive across the floor Pete Rose style , slide to a stop at the precise moment where he hand come u holsle he weapon . in.one fluid motion , he flip back over and eam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! 88 . shoot bullet up in the air and then flick he wrist so they arc over at the open gas nozzle ! the bullet strike it , sparking , and then boom !!!: fireball b sts from nozzle , while a great riume of sweltering fire keep pour out ! Fox dive to get out of the way , which give wesley the open he be look for . he fire again , and one of he bullet knock she crun away and another nick she in the side of the face . she stop , see the blood drip down she cheek and off she chin . this only seem to enrage she . piss , she produce two S R gun out of the small of she bac -- where she have they hide we have no idea -- and charge wesley like a unleash pit bull ... fox ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) aaaaahhhh ! she 's fire both muzzle and she bullet find the mark this time , knock wesley 's gun out of he hand from where he lie flat on the floor . she 's disarm he , and now he 's defenseless ... .and Fox stand over he , breathe hard , she face bleed , both gun barrel point right at wesley 's face ... fox ( cont 'd ) I gotta admit , baby ... she start to squeeze both the triggers ... fox ( cont 'd ) I think we might have a future ... but , wesley drive a fist into she wounded leg and she reel ... in the same motion , he grab she wrist and pull she toward he ... take she gun right out of she hand like a quick - change artist . flip they over , Fox 's face full of surprise be the last expression she will ever have because ... bam ! bam !!! 69 . most of Fox 's face be blow clean fr she head , and a blood mess 's rarr 's a oss the wall . wesley lean he head back and close he eye , the spume of fire flicker brightly against he lid , the event of the last several hour wash over he . fade out : for several moment , there be nothing but darkness and a silence as permanent as death . finally ... wesley ( v.0 . ) there 's a town in Germany call leverkusen that have a bear hunter name han koblenz . fade in : ext . korean bar-b-que joint - later sloan , the Butcher and the pharmacist walk across the parking lot toward the door of the smoking bar-b - que joint . wesley ( v.0 . ) 60 during he life , he be say to have kill over four hundred bear and be the pride of this small community on the rhine . you want to know how he die ? a pair of black bear single out he house from the entire village , maul he wife , kill he twin daughter , and then lie in wait for he to get back from the wood . int . korean bar-b-que joint - later the fire be out , but it have blacken the inside of the joint , so that it look like a absolute war zone . Fox be in the same position as when wesley shot she , but there 's a sheet of paper fold on she chest . the Butcher and the pharmacist flank sloan as he approach the body , frown . wesley ( v.0 . ) when the hunter open the door , they rip he throat out before he could scream . ( more ) 90 . wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the two bear then curl up on the rug LW in the middle of the floor -- the rug that have once be they father -- and proceed to bite . each other till they ble to death . sloan reach down and pick up the paper , and see beneath it that pearl-handled revolver . the one with the blood on the handle . wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) that 's a true story . he unfold it , to read print in black ink on the paper : 7 'he gate of t.t be OPEN sloan fold the paper back up and look at the blood on the gun . sloan he know . CUT to : int . slaughterhouse room - night wesley stand in the slaughterhouse , hold two pistol , look around . the place have be clean out . there 's no sign of the Butcher . int . pharmacy - night same thing at the pharmacy , a empty store now ... int . library - night .and in the fraternity 's library , nothing . all the book be go ... wesley process this , frown . he keep walk to the ... map room : . where the entire model city have be destroy , like a giant have trample it beneath its foot . wesley stoops over and pull one smashed building out of the mess , look at it , think , think ... . and then he 's up and move quickly . CUT to : 91 . int . cross' house - night Anna open the door for wesley , who look like he be on to something ... wesley my father ... he be work on a plan , right ? anna I do not know . there be so much he want to keep away from we ... wesley move into Andrew 's roan ... where the boy be still play with the black model building . wesley move over and crouch down next to Andrew . wesley can I see that for a second ? the boy hand he the building in he hand . it be paint jet black , except for one corner of the first floor , which be paint red . wesley look up at Anna . wesley ( cont 'd ) do you know where he get this ? int . basement - night Anna lead wesley down some wooden step into Cross 's basement . sure enough , the entire floor of the basement have be make into a model map , similar to the one that the fraternity use in the map room , but all the building be black , with a occasional red mark . the scale be larger , the model show only one section of the city , and a blue line indicate a route through the street . and on the wall be picture and clipping of Henry helm . wesley squat over it , try to figure out what he father 's plan be . he see a miss place for a building and put Andrew 's toy back in place , then study the map some more . / ' " anna I - " do this mean anything to you ? 92 . there be large question mark paint on various building along the helm ' route . wesley ( awed ) my God , he 's be plan it from the beginning . ( beat ) this be a fraternity hit . Cross ... my fathar ... set up Henry helm as bait , know sloan would use he best man for the job . he be go to take they all out . wesley look at it some more . wesley ( cont 'd ) only he do not know where on the route they would try and hit helm . that 's the miss piece he be t rying to figure out . anna do you know the answer to that ? wesley look up at she , resolve on he face . wesley no . but I know who do . CUT to : int . apartment - night it 's dark . really dark . knock knock knock . a lump in a bed stir . knock knock knock . the lump stir a little more ... CUT to : nicole , the hot girl from wesley 's office , move to she peephole and look out , but there 's no one there . she open the door and give a quick look down the hall , then shut it and hurry to she kitchen . 93 . she start to open a cabinet but stop , gasp and jerk back , scared shitless . wesley be - in she kitchen , lust a few - foot away . she look at he . nicole Jesus ... ( see who it be ) wesley ? be that you ? he look bruise and batter , but there be a hardness to he eye . wesley it 's I , Nicole . nicole what happen to you ? wesley wipe he eyebrow with he thumb , like he 's consider what he want to say next . wesley I ask you once if you think I be a observant person . she do not understand ... but suddenly we ... CUT back to : int . meeting room - day .that meeting room from he old job . in fact , it 's a replay of that same scene . wesley be still sit there with he note pad , the word " life suck and then you die " print over and over , while the consultant continue to rattle on and on . through the blind behind the speaker , wesley spot the hot intern Nicole , still talk on the phone . and just like before , he 's zeroing in on she , but this time , we keep zeroing in and zeroing in , until we see something we do not see before ... Nicole reach up over the counter to grab a stack of papers , and she shirt pull slightly up from she back ... .and that tattoo of cerberus. &amp ; ) a - three -headed !log _is , print there , in the exact same place Fox have ...- and we keep zeroing in on it and zeroing in on it until we ... ../ smash CUT to : 94 . int . the tattoo room - flashback : where Fox be tattooing he hand again and we get another taste of that conversation they have ... fox ( coyly ) who say I be the only sister ? maybe you just have not meet any other yet .. wesley ( playfully back ) maybe I have and I be just not tell you . . and now with the gift of hindsight , we see that wesley mean what he say , and we ... smash CUT back to : int . nicole's kitchen - night wesley still stand there , just a few foot away from she . wesley sloan do not just have one person in my office watch I , he have two . nicole what be you talk about ? wesley what name do you go by ? the intern ? he point at she tattoo . wesley ( cont 'd ) because I know you have the mark . Nicole 's face change , go hard , like someone flip a switch . like lightning , she grab for a butcher 's knife but wesley be faster . he pin she wrist back , twist until she drop the knife . she lunge again , but a pistol come up right below she chin . wesley ( cont 'd ) where 's the Henry helm hit go down ? where 's sloan ? 95 . nicole sloan 's not you biggest problem , fuckface . wesley yeah ? why 's that ? she reach over , slowly , so he know she 's not go to go for a knife ... and she turn on a small television sit on the kitchen counter . the screen come to life , show a inf mercial for the F ob'e . Nicole shake she head and . flip up the channel ... and now we see what she want to show he ... on the news : wesley 's employee photo fill the screen above a reporter 's head while the reporter babbles in a serious voice ... reporter .responsible for several recent shooting , include one tonight at this Korean restaurant downtown and another at a outdoor mall . detail be sketchy , but we repeat , if you see this man , please contact ... in nicole's kitchen : she start cycle through the news channel ... ... and each one show . different reporter stand outside the smoking bar - b- que , or talk about wesley , or speak with police . one be even interview wesley 's old boss , Janice , who be very happy for the forum ... on the news : janice he be aggressive toward I and other employee ... a very negative person , extremely negative . I can not even repeat the word that come out of he mouth the day we let he go ... 96 . in nicole's kitchen : wesley motherfucker . dispose of the weapon ... ( beat ) me. nicole that 's right . and the cop be tell to watch this place too . you have nowhere to go . he 's smarter than you . he will feed the cop evidence singling you out for every hit the fraternity have pull in the last ten year . wesley ( ignore she ) I be only go to ask you one more time . where can I find he ? nicole you will not get to he . you can not . the cop will be here any second ! wesley reach over - - and crank up a gas burner , the menace flame on high . wesley then this be go to get painful quickly . she stare at that blue flame , fear in she eye for the first time . he start push she head toward it , closer and closer ... wesley ( cont 'd ) Henry helm . where be it go down ? the first scream from Nicole be lose in ... the front door : bam . bam bam ! police officer ( 0 . S. ) open up ! Police ! the door to Nicole 's apartment smashes open and four cop burst through the door , gun ready . 97 . they spread out quickly , check out the place . one of the disappear into the kitchen ... police officer 2 ( o.s. ) oh , Christ . CUT to : ext . apartment build rooftop - night siren wail and a helicopter hover nearby as wesley stand on a roof , look down on the scene . he see emt 's roll a gurney out toward a ambulance as cop cover every inch of the ground . from where he be , it look like every cop in the city be here . on the ground : one cop look up and see a figure on the roof , long jacket blow in the breeze . surprisingly conspicuous . cop what the fuck ? k cop 2 what be it ? the first cop point up toward wesley on the roof . cop 2 ( cont 'd ) ( into the radio ) Air support can you get a beam on the four-story southeast of we position ? on the rooftop : quickly , a spotlight light up the spot where wesley be stand , but now we see it 's iust a air-condition vent with soave loose streamer flap off of it . damn , it look just like wesley a moment ago ... be it ? helicopter pilot ( on the radio ) negative , roof be clean . ext . CITY STREET - night wesley step out of a dark doorway , he hard eye follow a police car as it roar by without notice he . 98 . he pull he jacket collar up , put on . a skull cap , and take off in the opposite direction , away from the scene . he pass a newspaper dispenser , but the camera stays.on the front page , which be still talk about Henry helm . the camera hold on a photograph of helm , which ... dissolves to : Morning ... int . HOTEL room - morning . where henry helm himself be tie a tie in a hotel mirror . he 's a handsome enough guy , distinguished even , but he look tired , like the weight of live under a death threat have drag he down . a door open , and we see he wife , sarah helm , step past two , huge bodyguard to come in . sarah helm the car be here . ext . HOTEL side door - day a gaggle of large bodyguard surround the helmse as they hurry out of a side door and make it into a limousine . they notice the half dozen motorcycle cop position around they limo . a lead bodyguard hold the limo door for they . henry helm ( be : the cop ) what 's all this ? lead bodyguard we be not take any chance . he shut the door for they before climb behind the steering wheel . the limo start to make its way down the drive , flanke in front and in back by dark suburban and the motorcycle cop . ext . river - day commercial ship cruise up and down a river , under a expansive bridge . 99 . sitting next to the incline to the bridge , be a abandon four story building , what use to be . a hospital . int . hospital rooftop - day a guy look down at the street with he binocular . it 's the gunsmith ! the gunsmith ( into a radio ) nothing yet , sir . ext . build rooftop - same on another tall building , sloan talk into a radio . sloan hold until I give the word . he click off the radio and look into he palm , where - e's hold that pearl handle aun , finger the dry blood . on a CITY STREET : the suburban and cop flank the limo as it roll through the concrete jungle . in the limo : the bodyguard peer up at the building ready for anything . Henry helm reach over and grab he wife 's hand , a reassure gesture . but he white knuckle betray he trepidation . the driver watch as they reach a frontage road on the east side of the river . on the road : they make a turn along the river and haul ass toward the bridge . traffic be sparse and they look like they have a easy clear pass . on the hospital rooftop : the gunsmith sit , wait patiently ... 100 . on another rooftop : sloan watch the limo start to approach the bridge . sloan ( into the radio ) here come the car . any minute now . take you position . sloan lean out over the edge of he building , gun ready . quick shot : on the hospital roof , the gunsmith put down he binocular and pick up a rifle . the pharmacist lean over the edge of a building and look down , high - power rifle in he hand . on another building , the chef do the same . and on still another building , the gardener also get ready . each killer be in a different spot and have a gun , point and ready , just wait for the signal ... on the road : the limo be about halfway up the incline now , a sit duck , hellfire about to rain down upon it . on the hospital rooftop : the gunsmith wait , wait , wait ... . and then , out of nowhere , surprising the hell out of he , a knife be hold to he neck from behind . the gunsmith do not even so much as swallow , as the blade be so tight against he throat that it draw a drop of blood . gunsmith ( nervously ) wesley ? the camera move to the side to show wesley crouch right behind he , a look of icy determination on he face as he hold the knife in place . 101 . wesley ( growls ) the name be Cross . in the distance , the helm limo move on , safely . wesley look like you miss you chance . now where be sloan ? the gunsmith feel the edge in wesley 's voice . gunsmith you do not understand , man . this be not about helm . the intern tell you right where to go ... he smile . gunsmith ( cont 'd ) . I be just the decoy . the camera whip around behind wesley ... to show that three laser sight be lighting up he back in a perfect pattern . and now we see it , this be al a Bet -up to get wesley in the open . the three surround rooftop , slightly more elevate , hold each of the three assassin crouch - in sniper position , zeroed in on wesley 's back . but instead of surprise , wesley just lean in closer to the gunsmith 's ear . wesley ( whisper ) she tell I that , too . and with that , he roll the o0 over of , just as the assassin on the higher rooftop all unleash a hail of bullet . bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! the gunsmith take a dozen shot , all in the chest , but none of the bullet make it through the gunsmith 's body . wesley ( cont 'd ) should have study you anatomy , fella . wesley fire back indiscriminately at the neighbor rooftop , lie on he back , use the. dead assassin 's body as a shield . 102 . quickly , he buck the gunsmith 's body off of he and scamper for a nearby stairwell . on the rooftop : the assassinb - all disappear from they position and head to the street . CUT to : int . hospital build - ground floor - day wesley burst from the stairwell doorway and move to the front door of the building . he click the empty cartridge out of he gun and be about to reload when he hear a sicken sound behind he ... the sound of two knife blade be rubbed together ... .and wesley turn to f' the Butcher there wait for the Butcher quickly hurl a knife , which bury in_the fleshy part of wesley 's shoulder 1 wesley ignore it and fire ... i L SAM bam ! ding ding ! the Butcher deflect they with the knife in he hand : wesley go to fire again but he fire chamber recoil , show that he be out of ammo . the Butcher 's eye go wide ... the butcher like I tell you ... the blade will always live on . wesley I remember some dumb shit like that come out of you mouth . wesley toss the gun in he pocket and then null out the kniZ2 in he shoulder . they charge each other , the blade whizzing and clanging off each other as each try to gain a edge . the fight spill out the front door , and into ... 103 . the STREET : . the two man slashing , ducking , and move in the middle of the street . - wesley strike three auick swipe acrosiLthe Butcher 's face and forehead , fill he eye with blood . the Butcher grab he face and see the blood stream on to he hand . he try to wipe the blood from he eye , but it 's just get worse . the butcher I can not see ! wesley but you can hear . so hear this : to cut the subclavian artery , hold the knife ice - pick style ... wesley lunge and the Butcher be defenseless to stop it . wesley ( cont 'd ) ... and thrust down behind the clavicle , cut side to side . he do just as he describe and the big guy topple over as he gore spill out into the street . but before he can gloat , wesley realize he new predicament ... he 's stand in the middle of the street , and at one end be the chef , and at the other be the gardener . to make thing worse , directly across the street from wesley be the pharmacist , and each have a gun on he . the pharmacist Three on one , mate . you be out of ammo . and you be in a part of the map with no fraternity stashes . ( laugh ) that 's what I would call a real ball ache . for a moment , wesley stand there , size up the situation . his eye swivel from the gardener to the chef to the pharmacist . just then , the building ound all of they go black . , just like in cross 's model ! wesley 's eye fall on the on the red corner of the nearest building , a cement block make up a decorative support column in front of it . 104 . wesley smile . wesley I be work off of a different map . with that , the world go back 12 its natural colorb , and he race for the building , jump up onto and over a Lexus park at the curb . the three assassin fire relentlessly at he , but they bullet slam into the car , smash it to bit ... as ... . on the other side of it , wesley go into a slide just as he reach that cement block ... affix to it be a small silver crossi wesley slap he hand on the Cross and the cement block mechanically open , revealing : a new pair of sophisticated ma ishis I as he adversary converge on he , wesley take the gun , spin , split both hand apart and we ... splitscreen : ...to follow both of he bullet in flight . on the left side of the screen : . the bullet from the leave gun head for the chef . he try to drop down , but the bullet curve downward , it pierce he body ... and ... inside he body : we see the bullet ricochet off of one of he rib -exit he side and head for the pharmacist , while ... on the right side of the screen : ... the bullet from the right gun head for the gardener , who move fast to fire he own gun , but the bullet catch he in the wrist , knock he gun out of he hand , and ... inside the wrist : . it hit the gardener 's scaphoid bone , ricochete out , also , right at the pharmacist ... the screen return to normal : . just as the two bullet come together ... the pharmacist bugger . 105 . hit the pharmacist on both side of -his head , before he can even react . wesley watch a pink spray shoot out from both side of the pharmacist 's head as he fall to the asphalt , dead . but wesley 's not through , he move over to the gardener and roll he over . wesley where be he ? the gardener where it start .. ban ! wesley end it for the gardener . ext . rooftop - day we have see this place before . it 's the same roof where cross take out the second head of the door be kick open and wesley walk out , eye blaze . sloan be wait for stand t foot away , hold he father 's pearl - handle gun , train right on wesley 's head . sloan can not say I do not have a sense of irony . the place I first decide to bring you in . wesley be clutching he wounded shoulder with he wounded hand as blood start to seep out of it in big red drop . sloan ( cont 'd ) you once ask why I help hide you as a infant ... it give I power , wesley ' . power to become a head of the fraternity . power over you father . and ultimately it give I you : the perfect weapon to kill you father . wesley but now you have to dispose of the weapon . sloan in some way it pain I to do so . you 460 be like the son I never have . 106 . wesley fuck you . sloan 's eye narrow . sloan Fine . keep you worthless dignity . you be still just the same loser we pluck off the street six week ago . wesley continue to bleed , take this in . sloan laugh derisively . sloan ( cont 'd ) you can not win , wesley . the fraternity be everywhere . even if you kill I other will come from other city to take my place . you will be hunt you whole life . ( beat ) but that 's not gonna happen . like I tell you before , when we be call , death be as certain as the sun . wesley stand as straight as he can muster . the two man face each other like two gunman on Main Street in dodge city ... a old newspaper even blow through like a tumbleweed . and we be close on wesley 's face . act it i the same shot from the open of the movie . wesley six week ago , I be ordinary and pathetic . we see now that he healthy hand be inching away from he bleed arm , reach into he sleeve ... wesley ( cont 'd ) but not today . with that , he null out the match pearl - handle gun , the twin-brother of the one sloan be hold , and they both open fire ... . wesley shoot sloan 's bullet out of the air and sloan do the same . just like he do with h' father . . but sloan be good , and one of the bullet find it 's mark , hit wesley ssmarely in the same arm that take the knife . 107 . wesley ( cont'd uhhh ! he can not raise he arm , it 's useless , but he 's come too damn far to stop now ... he flip he gun from he good hand to he bad hand and manage to keep firing ! then wesley do something unexpected ... he start sprinting straight at sloan , still knock he bullet out of the air ... he close the gap ... ten foot ... five foot ... ..a surprised and worried expression now spread on sloan 's face , . like what be this kid do ? but wesley be not stop , he shoot the gun out of sloan 's hand and then close on he , tackle he off he foot ! they go fly right over the edge of the building . wesley 's able to grab on to a railing cable and stop himself ... .. but sloan be go to go over . at the last moment , sloan reacher . for-something . anything . and grab one - hand the barrel of wesley 's gun ... for a moment , they dangle there in this precarious position , look each other in the face . sloan can not believe he 's be best by this kid . sloan ( snarl ) go ahead and shoot I , killer . just like you do you old man . wesley 's finger start to squeeze the trigger , but then he smile ... wesley I be do with this life . just like my father . and with that , wes1gy drop the n out of he h from two hundre feet below : we watch sloan 's body fall through the sky ... 108 . ..down , down , down ... . until it smashes into the sidewalk , splattering like a grapefruit . on the rooftop : wesley roll over on to he back , look up at the darken sky . wesley ( v.o. ) it 's true . six week ago I be ordinary and - pathetic . just like you . he sit up , move out of frame . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - day the place be now blankete with cop , look at the dead body , try to make sense of what happen . wesley ( v.0 . ) but I have learn something in that time . I have learn about the man who make I . ext . downtown corner - day Cope stand on the street , hand out picture of wesley , ask pedestrian if they have see this man . wesley ( v.o. ) I have learn about the man I be . int . post office - day patron stand in line at a post office , but the ' camera push past they , find a black and white " wanted " poster of wesley , describe all the killing he 's responsible for . it hold tight on the picture . wesley ( v.0 . ) I have learn that all of we be unique , even though sometimes we be too fuck blind to see it . ext . residential STREET - day the door to the safehouse open , and Anna , wesley and Andrew step out into the bright sunlight . wesley be carry he little brother . 109 . they turn and head up the street , toward the eastern sun . the camera rise up , up , up , where it hover for a minute ... and just when we think it be go to leave the planet ... wesley ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and I learn , the easiest place to hide be in plain sight . . it come back down , down , down , until it find ... int . typical insurance office - day .. wesley sit at a computer in the middle of another cubicle maze , peck away at he keyboard . a sign attach to one wall read : " san angelo insurance associate : setting the bar highl " Office worker mill about in they drab suit and tie , wishing they be anywhere else . a pretty receptionist come over to wesley 's desk . receptionist you be the new guy , huh ? wesley just start last week . receptionist where would you move here from ? wesley all over the place , really . nothing too exciting . receptionist well , welcome to the team . just watch out for brokaw . he will stab you in the back first chance he get . just then , a harry man , brokaw , come storming up . brokaw Jesus , connie , do not you have some fax to get to ? the receptionist hurry away , make a face as she do . brokaw ( cont 'd ) laziest skirt I ever hire . but nice fun bag , I will give she that . 110 . he lean over wesley 's desk , right in he space . brokaw ( cont ' D ) Jim , right ? wesley yes , sir . brokaw listen , Jim , I do not want to get start off on the wrong foot here , but we. have number to make and if we do not make that number , it 's my ass on the line . and if my ass get chew out by regional , I can guarantee . that you ass be gonna be purina doggy chow . now I be not sure how they run thing ... wesley stare at that mouth zeroing in further and -- further , until the word become gibberish , just like they do with Janice . wesley catch himself and snap out of it , just in time to hear ... brokaw ( cont 'd ) .so do we understand each other ? wesley of course . brokaw good boy . with that , he hurry away , he pants riding so high up he ass that they look like they may burst at any second . wesley stare up at the clock on he monitor : it read 11:15 . he stand up , stretch , and make he way to the receptionist 's desk . she look up , bite she lower lip ... wesley you want to take a break with I ? receptionist sure ! she stand and they move toward the elevator , wait for the door to open . receptionist ( cont 'd ) you know , we do not usually get break . just then , the elevator door ding . wesley well , you will find there 's nothing " usual " about I . they climb in . the camera push in tighter and tighter on wesley 's face ... wesley ( v.o. ) this life be ours , to make of it what we can . .until it fill the screen , look just like the shot of wesley we start with . and then a sly smile spread across he mug ... wesley ( v.0 . ) I think I will give it a shot . . and as the door close , we officially ... fade out .