" war of the world " screenplay by josh friedman &amp ; David koepp submitted by Tyler final movie script ** resized to fit on minimal number of page ** [ show picture of City life ] narrator no one would have believe in the early year of the21st century , that we world be be watch by intelligence great than we own . that as man busy themselves about they various concern , they observe and study . like the way a man with a microscope might scrutinize the creature that swarm and multiply in a drop of water . with infinite complacency man go to and for about the globe , confident of we empire over this world . yet , across the gulf of space , intellect , vast and cool and unsympathetic regard we plant with envious eye . and slowly and surely , draw they plan against we . ext . dock - cargo BAY - dawn Ray ( in he 30 , short hair , rough groom , almost always wear he New York baseball cap , raggedly dress , look like he have not sleep in day ) be move cargo box from the ship to ground load bracket . Shots show he inside the control room operate the lever . as the last car be load , he be see walk down the stair . sal Ray !! ferrier ! whoa ! Ray turn away and laugh because he already know what he be go to say . sal I need you back at 4:00 instead of 12:00 I get half of Korea come in . ray no , no , no I can not . I be on a 12 hour blow ! call tadesko . camera follow they walk down the street . sal tadesko can not move 40 container in a hour . I need somebody who can do double pick . ray I wish I could help you sal . God damn union regulation . sal ( get angry ) come on , I be in a position here ! ray come on , you remember the union regulation , sal . sal ( angrily ) you know what you problem be ? sal stop on one side of the street while Ray continue walk . ray ( joke ) I can think of a couple of woman who would be happy to tell you . ext . ray' car - driveway - dawn Ray get out and take the last can of trash to the street as Tim ( in he 30 , wear expensive clothes , slicked sharp hair , extremely well groom , look like ( and be ) rich ) and Ray 's ex - wife Mary Ann ( in she 30 , pregnant with maternity clothes on , hair hang loose and rather unkempt ) stand at they new car . Robbie ( 15 , rag , tough look , long hair , partially groom , wear clothes ( but look in style ) , hip side pack with misc . object in it . ) and Rachel ( 10 , still dress in barbie color scheme clothing , long unkempt hair in pigtail ) be in the car . ray be it 8:30 ? we say that ? mary ann we say 8:00 . ray ( change subject ) hey , this be one safe look vehicle you get yourself here tim. congratulation . tim thank you . ray 8 o'clock huh ? mary ann um - huh . we will be back by 9:30 on Sunday , depend on the traffic . Robbie get out of the car , carelessly bang the door on the electrical pole . he be listen to he mp3 player at a loud enough volume for the camera ( 10 ' away to hear ) . ray there he be ! you get a hug ? Robbie ignore he as if he be not there and head up to the front door of the house . ray ( continue ) confuse handshake ? ( joke ) kick in the tooth ? the door 's lock . ( to Mary Ann ) : still work on that manners ? Mary Ann nod " yes " as Rachel get out of the car . rachel hello dad . ray hello , Rachel ! Rachel give he a hug and go back to the car to retrieve she bag . she struggle and Mary Ann , Tim , and Ray try to help which result in a small bicker argument . ( Ray , Tim , and Mary Ann add lib . ) robbie ( during bicker , at the front door ) the door 's lock . mary ann ( suit case in hand ) I will just get it in the door . rachel it 's get roller , just roll it . mary ann well we can not roll it up the stair now can we ? ray really , I get it from here , okay ? int . ray' house - kitchen - dawn Mary Ann , Rachel , Ray , and Tim walk into the kitchen as Robbie head straight upstairs to he room . Mary Ann see a car engine next to the kitchen table and look at Ray in disgust . ray ( to Tim ) it 's a 302 v8 . it 's gonna be out of here next week . Mary Ann walk over to the refrigerator to check for the basic food supplies . Ray get frustrated that she be go through he stuff . ray ( try to get she to leave ) you better get go if you want to beat the traffic , do not you think ? Mary Ann ignore he comment as she open the refrigerator which be almost empty . mary ann you be out of milk . ( smell it ) and everything else . shot of Rachel , intensely listen from the stair . ray ( mad ) would you close the door please ? now that that 's my refrigerator . tim I be gonna go wait outside . ( to Rachel ) I love you sweetheart ( hug she ) see you in a few day . rachel bye Tim . mary ann I would better get this upstairs . Ray try to further rid of she but she continue . rachel ( try to get she bag form Mary Ann ) Mom , Mom ! ray Mary Ann , let I get this . mary ann I can get it . ray ( rush to close he bedroom door , as if hide something ) Excuse I . Ray get he door close as Mary Ann go into Rachel and Robbie 's room . int . ray' house - rachel and robbie' room - dawn Mary Ann and Ray go into the room where Robbie be lay on he bed listen to he mp3 player . Rachel sit down on she bed . mary ann a little old to still be share be not they ? ray I do not hear any complaint . mary ann no , I do . Mary Ann walk over to Robbie on he bed and grab he mp3 player . she un - plug the headphone and the music stop . Ray sit down on a desk chair . mary ann Robbie 's get a paper ... ( look at Robbie to make sure he 's listen ) ...on the french occupation of Algeria due Monday which he 's yet to begin . it would be nice if he be do by the time we get back so we do not have to keep he up all night on Sunday . Mary Ann look at Robbie who promptly say ... robbie I just get to type it up . ( make type motion ) mary ann no , you just get to start write it first . robbie ( interrupt she ) I love you mom ! Mary Ann kiss he . mary ann I love you . ( begin walk over to Rachel ) listen to you father . Mary Ann hug Rachel and promptly notice ... mary ann oh , no shoe on the bed . int Ray 's House - walk down stair - Dawn mary ann we will be at my parent 's house in Boston but do not call the house line , because you know . well the point be I have get my cell phone . so if anything come up , or if you have any question just call . ray believe it or not , I can handle it . mary ann I will leave the phone on . ray Mary Ann ? ( beat ) it 's a good look for you . Mary Ann open door and proceed to walk out the door . she stop to say ... mary ann you think ? ray yeah . mary ann take care of we kid . ray Mary Ann , you get nothing to worry about . listen , you tell you mother that Ray send he love and kiss . mary ann ( laugh ) she will love that . Mary Ann leave . int Ray 's House - Rachel and Robbie 's room - Dawn Robbie be watch the tv storey about lighting storm in other part of the world . Channel change ever few second . Ray turn off the tv and throw Robbie 's baseball mitt at he . he catch it and say ... robbie Baseball season 's over . ray five minute . it 's not go to kill you . ext . ray' house - backyard - dawn ray there he be . ( Robbie put on he new cap ) Boston ? ( hesitate ) that 's how it be ? ( no response from Robbie ) that 's how it 's gonna be ? Robbie throw ball at Ray unexpectedly who catch it just barely and comment ... ray careful with that throw . robbie whatever Ray ! ray you mom say you have get a report due on Monday , so you be go to work on that when you be do here . during next line ( until note ) they throw the ball back and fourth . robbie yeah , I be almost finish , I just get to type it up . ray yeah , bullshit ! robbie yeah , and what do you know Ray ? ray everything . have not you hear ? between I and my brother , we know everything . rachel what 's the capital of Australia ? ray that 's one my brother know . robbie be it okay with you if I just laugh the first 500 time you tell that one . ray just do you report . we do not send you to school so you can flunk out . robbie you do not pay for it , Tim do . Ray throw the ball at Robbie hard enough to knock dust off he mitt . Robbie shake he hand in he mitt and grit he tooth in pain . ray that 's half of what I have get . robbie you be a asshole . I hate come here . ray that why you act like such a dick ? Ray throw the ball and Robbie purposely miss , shatter a window behind he . Robbie turn he hat backwards and walk up the stair back into the house . Ray stare at Rachel who stare back . ray what ? rachel that 's not how you be go to get through to he . you want he to listen to you ... ray ( interrupt she ) what be you ? you mother or mine ? rachel where be you go ? ray to sleep . I work for a live . rachel what be we suppose to eat ? ray you know , order . int . ray' house - ray' room - dawn Ray take off he shirt , seem to loose he cap with it , and take off he boot as he get in he bed and go to sleep . int Ray 's House - live room - Day Rachel be flipping tv channel as Ray walk down the hall after he nap . he sit down and see Rachel pick at a splinter . Rachel have he hard hat on . ray what 's the matter ? rachel I get a splinter . ray where would you get it . come here . rachel on you porch railing . ray what , you want I to ... ( beat ) you want I to take that out for you ? rachel absolutely not ! ray well , come here let I see it . Rachel show he but do not let he touch it for fear he may pull it out . Rachel and Ray ad lib as she stop move it and he look at it . ray it 's gonna get infect . rachel no it wont . ray yes , it 's gonna get infect . rachel no , it will not . when it 's ready , my body will just push it out . ray push it out ? rachel I read that . ( as she sit back down ) you should get tivo . Tim get it for my room . it 's awesome . I can watch all my show after homework . ray yeah , I will just put that on my platinum card . Robbie ? ( no response ) Robbie ? Ray take a bite of the food sit on the coffee table in front of he , have no idea what it be . ray ( with the disgusting food in he mouth ) what be that ? rachel hummus . ray hummus ? rachel from the health food place . I keep one of they menus last time we be here . Ray give Rachel a " this be gross " look and she gawk at he . rachel uh , you say order ! ray ( laugh ) I mean order food ! where be Robbie ? rachel he go out . ray out where ? rachel I do not know . he just take you car and leave . ext Ray 's House - Front driveway - Day he glance at he open garage door with the car that should have be in it . he run across the street to search for he car . as he see everyone else look at the sky , he look himself to find a large black cloud with a white hole in the middle of it . the cloud be swirl as if it be be artificially turn . friend 1 you ever see something like that ? ray ( scratch he chin ) in the springtime maybe . not this time of year . come on , we can see better from the back yard . ( continuous ) ext Ray 's House - back yard - Day Ray run by the fence to he back yard . as he run , the wind start to pick up . 30 - 40 mph . ray that be so weird . friend 2 what ? ray the wind be blow toward the storm . friend 2 that be weird . wind pick up faster . 40 - 50 mph . ray Rachel , wanna see something cool ? Rachel rush down the stair to he side and hug he in fear . Pan up to view the ' storm ' that appear to be lighting up with multiple color light . Wide angle shot of clothes blow in the wind . suddenly the wind die down to nothing . lightn hit the pavement about 300 foot away . ray it 's okay . rachel I want to go inside . ray it 's okay . rachel I want to go inside . ray okay , you go ahead . the friend 's baby start to cry ... friend 2 that 's enough weather for I . ( begin walk inside ) rachel I do not want to go by myself . bam !! bam !! bam !!! lightning hit the ground more rapidly and louder now . Rachel and Ray run towards the eve of the house . bam ! the lighting continue . bam ! ray kind of fun , be not it ? rachel no . ray oh , come on . it 's like the fourth of July . rachel no it 's not . Ray begin sing as ... bam !! the lightning get even louder and scare the both of they enough to hightail it for the house . bam !!! half the car alarm go off in a 10 block radius . bam !! another few car alarm go off . bam !!! louder and louder the lightning continue . int Ray 's House - Kitchen - Day Ray and Rachel be run as fast as they can up the stair into the kitchen . bam !! the lighting continue again and make Rachel scream . ray it 's okay . you be fine . rachel it hit right behind we house . ray yeah , well it 's not gonna hit there again because lighting do not strike twice in the same place . bam !! it hit again and make Ray jump . ray oh , shit ! they both get under the table for safety as the lighting continue . they both begin panic . bam !! bam !! bam !! the lightning go on with no apparent end . Ray and Rachel both scurry on the floor under the table as the lighting go on . rachel where 's Robbie ? ray I do not know . rachel be Robbie okay ? ( no response ) be you okay ? bam ! the lighting continue . ray where 's the thunder ? rachel why will not it stop ? Pan out from under the table as the lightning subside and all be silent . rachel ( with hesitation ) be it over ? Ray remain speechless as he be fixate on the area where the lighten come from . Ray climb out from under the table to get a idea of what just happen . rachel where be you go ? ray just check thing out . just wait , wait there . rachel be we go to be okay ? ray I do not know . rachel you do not know . ray no. I mean ... Rachel , please , just stop ask so many question . just wait here . Ray walk around to various part of the kitchen to see if everything be okay . the power be off . after say " just wait here " he then walk into the live room . nothing in the live room have power . he check he phone which do not work . he try he cell phone which also appear to not work at all . he see he watch which have also stop work . ext . ray' house - back yard area - evening Pan leave to see the storm cloud still lighting up in some spot . ext . ray' house - front STREET - evening Ray walk down the stair to see that nobody else have power and for some reason all the car seem to have just stop work . by now we get the picture ( emp ) . he walk out onto the sidewalk where he be join by he friend . friend 2 you believe this Ray ? every single car . Ray walk past she onto the street where he see robbie walk up the street towards he . Ray begin run towards he . ray ( worried ) oh , Jesus . oh , Jesus . robbie the car just stop and ... ray ( interrupt he ) you be okay ? be you okay ? robbie ... and the lighting start hit about a block away over and over again . and I and this other guy we ... ray ( get angry ) where the hell would you go ? robbie over on lincoln avenue. ( break ) ... by the church . ray do you see it ? do you ... be you near it ? robbie yeah . 26 time we count ! over and over the lighting start hit . it open up this hole or something ... ray 26 time ? robbie yeah . ray okay , well , you be okay ? robbie yeah . ray good , because you sister be in the house , I want you to go in that house and I want you to stay with she . okay ? ( break , as he start run down the street ) and the next time you take my car with no driver 's license and no permission , I call the cop . you better be there when I get back . Robbie do not move in fear . Ray get angry that he be not go . ray robbie. ( snap he hand together ) Ray begin walk down the street to the auto shop a few yard away . ray manny ! manny ! hey manny . what be it , dead ? manny all of they , everything , look at this ... ( tap the starter motor ) starter 's fry . ray lightn hit it ? manny not even close . I think if I change it ... you get any idea what 's go on ? ray I be on my way to find out . try umm ... try change the solenoid . manny right , ( to accompany mechanic ) right see , I tell you that , the solenoid . everyone who 's car be fry be check they car to see what go wrong . Ray join about 30 people walk down to where the lightning start hit . Ray 's friend join he . cop walk by . cop 1 let we through . let we through here . friend 3 hey , what up , Ray ? ray ( joke ) I should of know you two be behind this . friend 3 hey , god 's piss off at the neibor hood ray can you blame he ? friend 4 you see it ? ray yep , you get power where you be ? friend 3 nope , nothing . ray it 's the car though . that 's the thing . friend 4 solar flare , that 's what this guy tell I . ray a solar flare ? friend 4 yeah , the sun shoot off blob of plasma , they turn into solar flare flash . it 's the only thing that can kill all of the electronic stuff . friend 3 can I say something ? friend 4 what bro ? friend 3 the sun do not cause lightning , okay ? friend 4 bro , I be just tell you what that guy say he hear . friend 3 I know but it just sound dumb say that ... Ray and he friend walk up to this hole in the ground where everyone else be gather around . cop 1 I never see anything like this before . that many strike of lighting in one spot . the cop start ushere people to stay back away from the hole . ray be this the only place ? Ray pick up a stone that be white next to all the black asphalt crumb . he switch it from hand to hand because it be too cold to hold in one hand . friend 4 be it hot ? ray no . it 's freezing . the police officer and the other people gather around feel a vibration under they foot . cop 2 what be that ? ray you feel that ? friend 3 yeah , I feel that . friend 4 what be it the subway ? cop 1 there 's no subway here . friend 4 path train maybe ? cop 1 that can not be the water main . cop 2 there 's nothing else down there . cop 1 the water main do not run through here . cop 2 well , there 's something down there and it 's move . the pavement start to crack into a wider circle . people start run away from the crack as it get bigger and bigger . window start to crack under pressure as the pavement separate even more . entire sheet of road split into piece cause everyone on the road to loose they balance . Shots of more shatter window . bust pipe . the church start crack apart and move with a giant circle of pavement that move . the pavement lurch up and then cave down . a few car go tumble in . something throw the last car that tumble in back out fly through the air as a leg of the robot make a lurch out of the hole . the police continue try to move people away . the engine of the ship start come out as they power up . the entire ship come out and begin dusting it 's self off . Ray and he friend hide behind a building . friend 4 oh my god . Ray begin walk out from behind the building . friend 4 Ray , no , stay man . the machine make a large vibrate noise as if call out to other robot . it arm it 's disintegrator beam and open fire . people can be see to disintegrate as they be strike with the beam . the beam , when fire make a zap sound . people start explode into dust and they clothes be blow away . Ray miss numerous beam by a foot or two as he go into a convenience store . again Ray run out the back door and miss another beam by inch . he run he ass off try to escape the robot . disintegrator beam strike off rooftop to clear a walk path . Ray hide behind a building as the machine walk by . ext . ray' house - porch - evening Ray walk into the house where he be meet by Rachel 's gawk eye out the window . Robbie stand in the background look at the doorway . Ray walk past Rachel then Robbie toward the kitchen . Rachel and Robbie follow he into the kitchen . with anxious eye , Robbie begin to say ... robbie what happen ? Ray sit down against the wall of the island countertop in the kitchen , not respond . rachel what 's go on ? Robbie squat down next to Ray as Rachel rest she elbow on the stool at the island . rachel dad , what 's the matter ? robbie what 's all that stuff all over you ? Ray seem to be delirious as he slur he head towards Robbie . Rachel reach through a leg of the island to pull at Ray 's hood on he shirt . bam ! Ray jump and jerk he head toward Rachel fast enough to make some of the white powder poof off as if jerk back into reality . Robbie jump as well in fright . rachel what 's all the stuff ? robbie hello ? Ray ? Ray look at he arm which be coat in the white powder . he get up and begin head for the bathroom . still unresponsive to the question he be just ask . he look in the mirror to see that he be cover in the whit powder ( human ash ) . he quickly do he best to wash it off realize what it be . after wash it off , he begin mentally plan what to do . walk back into the kitchen ... ray we be leave this house in 60 second . Ray grab a old penzoil box and dump the tool out of it . he shove the box into Robbie who grasp it as to not fall over at the force Ray use . robbie ( question ) what ? wait . I have no idea what 's go on ... ray ( while Robbie ask ) ... all the food from the refrigerator and the cupboard , put it in here . robbie I think we be have a bit of a shock here ... what 's go on , just tell I ... ray just do it . Ray run toward the table , grab a flashlight and begin to try to get it to work . ray Rachel , sweetheart ... rachel dad , you be really scare I . ray I need you to get you suitcase ... rachel dad. ( break ) dad ! ray the one that you bring , bring it to I , okay ? Ray shove cereal box aside to get to the cabinet over the refrigerator for battery . hastily grab the package , he realize they be probably dead due to the emp . ray can you do that for I , darling ? int . ray' house - ray' room - evening Ray run into he room while Rachel and Robbie be downstairs . he hastily enter the combination to a metal box that contain a hand gun . he tuck the gun into he belt on he back and fold he shirt over it . Street sidewalk - even Ray , Rachel , and Robbie be walk at a very fast pace down the sidewalk with about 20 other people around they . Rachel be clutching Ray 's hand and Robbie be carry the box of food . robbie what 's happen ? ray shh , shh , I can not tell you now . we ... we have only get about another minute . Ray see the car that manny be work on just as manny 's apprentice close the hood . Ray mutter ... ray please , please , please . people be see rush down the street in the intersect direction . Ray , Robbie and Rachel approach the car . ray just keep it down . robbie Ray , I be stand right beside you . can you please answer I ? Ray do not respond as he look in the ignition and find key . ray just get in the front seat Robbie . Ray load Rachel in the middle row of seat as Robbie get in the passenger seat . rachel who 's car be this ? ray just get in . rachel who 's car be this ? Ray throw Rachel 's bag in the row of seat behind she , slam the door and start walk to the driver side of the car . he be catch by manny walk . manny hey , hey , Ray ! you be absolutely right . I have to change the sole ... Ray ? manny see Ray have load he whole family into the car . manny hey Ray ? Ray ? what ? manny walk over to the passenger side as Ray and Robbie watch he . manny Ray . open up . Ray , who do no such thing sit there . Robbie look at ray wonder what he 's go to do . manny open the door , come on ! OPEN the door ray ! Ray reach over Robbie and open the door . manny what be you ... ray ( interrupt he ) get in . manny that 's funny , you gotta get out of the car . you can not take it . Ray try to get manny to calm down from the panic he be in ... manny it 's not my car . it 's not you car . where you go ? daddy 's act crazy kid . guy 's gonna come back ... ray ( interrupt he ) I do not have time to expl .... manny ( interrupt he ) you be busting my chop . I get a shop to run . you know how many people ... ray ( interrupt he ) get in ! manny no , ray get out of the ... ray get in manny or you're gonna die ! Rachel begin cry as she say ... rachel what do you mean ? a dead silent pause fall on everyone . Robbie stare at Ray in fright as Ray and manny stare at each other . manny all right , get out of the truck ! I be not kid now . get out of the car ray ! Rachel cry more as a view of a approach robot shoot flame at a nearby tree . Ray and manny continue as Rachel look at the flame tree . manny I be not fool around , I get a busy day ahead of I ... ray ( to Robbie ) Close the door ! close it ! Ray help Robbie close the door on manny as they begin speed away . manny ray ! bring the car back ray ! it's not my car ! manny just finish he line as he be zap by a disintegrator beam . camera show the auto shop zap by the beam and explode to smithereen . int . car - dusk try to outrun the beam ... ray get down ! get down ! get down ! rachel be this the terrorist ?!?! ray just get down . get down ! Ray grab Robbie 's collar of he jacket and shove he toward the floor . ray get down ! robbie holy shit ! High shot show the bridge behind Ray 's house be blast away . the expressway get hit by the beam and overturn into the house below . one of they ray' . a explosion be see as a fuel tanker fall on Ray 's house that obliterate 4 house . flaming debris fly all over behind the van . the van have now make it on to the freeway where hundred of car be scattered all over the road break down . the van speed by they honk the horn every few car . robbie where be we go ?!?!?! ray we gotta go ! we get to be the only work car around here . I be not stop until we be clear . robbie clear of what ?!?! ray we gotta go . robbie what the hell be go on !?!?!? ray you saw ! we're under attack !! Rachel begin frantically cry . after a few second , she begin hyperventilate . robbie by who ? who be attacking US ?!?! ray Rachel ... Rachel you have get to keep it down Rachel ! after honk he horn a few more time , she have only get worse . ray Rachel ! shut up rachel ! I can't think ! robbie ( with a vein drive face ) you be freaking her out !! ray well , look , i'm drive , do something !!! Robbie turn to the back seat as a attempt to calm Rachel . he think of a old technique he be teach . robbie okay , ( slapping he arm together on top of each other , demonstrate ) put they ' up rache . Rachel make he demonstrate arm formation . robbie make the arm . ( he grab she elbow so she hold the position . he begin to calm she down ) this space right here , this be yours . Robbie stare directly into she eye . she take deep breath to regain control . she be able to open she eye and stare back into he eye to maintain contact . robbie ... this belong to you , right ? rachel ( panting , but keep eye contact ) yes ... robbie ( reassure she ) you be safe in you space . rachel ( keep eye contact ) I be safe in my space . robbie ( reassure she ) you be safe in you space . nothing be go to happen to you in you space . Ray look back into the back seat in amazement at Robbie able to do what he 's do . rachel I be really scared . robbie I be gonna go to the front seat to talk to dad ... rachel no .... robbie ( reassure she ) I will be two foot away . okay . Rachel break eye contact and start control she breathe while Robbie grab she hand as reassurance . robbie will you hold my hand ? rachel yes . robbie be you gonna be okay ? rachel ( relatively calm ) yes . Robbie grab she hand and they both lean forward toward the front . robbie ( take a breath to calm himself ) I want to know everything you know . Ray look into Robbie 's eye who be look straight forward on the road . ray this thing , this machine , it crawle out of the ground and start torch everything , just kill everybody . robbie what be it ? ( break ) be it terrorist ? ray no , this come from some place else . robbie you mean like Europe ? ray no robbie !! not like europe !!! Ray swerve to miss a car as the camera crane around to the driver 's side . ray that machine , it be already bury . Ray look into the sky . what for be unknown . ray maybe it come down in the lightning storm . robbie wait a minute ... you just say it be bury . ray no , the machine I be talk about be bury . but , what come down in the lighting storm , what operate it . that 's the ... that 's the .... you know . the .... Robbie jump back into the passenger 's seat as Rachel scoot forward in the back seat . Robbie be look toward the sky . rachel the what ? robbie why be not there any helicopter or airplane ? ray hey rache . how you do there girl ? ( to Robbie ) how she do ? robbie how you do ? rachel I be fine . robbie ( to Ray ) she 's good . ray good . hey , what be that thing you do with she ? robbie Works sometimes . she get claustrophobic . ray hey Rachel rachel I want mom . ray I know . you feel better ? rachel I want mom . ray yeah , tell I about it , you know ? rachel take I to Mom 's ! ray listen , I just need you to hold it together for I , okay ? rachel I want mom !!! ray when you start scream like that , you know , I can not really ... rachel take I to mom !!! Robbie get back into the back seat to repeat the " arm " process with she to calm she again . ray I know ... rachel take I to mom be !!! ray that 's where we be go right now . rachel take I to mom be !!! ray I know !! ext . mary ann' house - dusk still in the car ... rachel come on , hurry up dad ... as soon as the van stop , Robbie get out and open the door for Rachel . rachel Robbie , get the door .... ( she knock on it ) Robbie grab the key off he belt loop as Rachel begin run up to the front door . rachel ( begin , and continue once in the house ) mom ! tim !! robbie ( begin , and continue once in the house ) mom !! tim !! Ray remain in the car realize how unimportant he really be ( kid be shouting for Tim ) . int . mary ann be house - entry - dusk Rachel and Robbie be shouting for " mom " and " Tim " as Ray walk through the door . Rachel and Robbie meet Ray in the entry from different part of the house in they search . robbie they be go . rachel be she dead ?? ray she 's not dead . all right ? she 's just no here . okay ? they be never here . robbie how do you know ? ray because they be on they way to Boston .... the camera go to the phone which be briskly pick up by Robbie . then the camera view into the new family vacation portrait next to the phone . it have Ray miss who be replace by Tim . ray ... and so they just keep on go , they be probably up to you grandma 's house by now . robbie ( dial the phone ) I be gonna call she . rachel how come the light be on here and not at you place ? ray umm .... because nothing bad happen here . okay ? Robbie be have no luck and be only get error tone out of the phone . ray so , be safe here . all right ? remember Robbie 's calming " arm " technique ... ray okay , Rachel ? this be you area . okay , you be safe in you area ... rachel dad . that 's not how it go . ray okay , well , you hungry , huh ? I will get you some food . I be gonna feed you . get something to eat . ( dig into the box ) what do we have here ?? robbie .. busy signal , one of the fast one .... you think all the circuit be down ? ray ( continue ) ketchup , mustard , ahh , tabasco , barbeque sauce . this be really good Robbie . vinaigrette . I say pack food . what ... what the hell be this ? robbie that 's all that be in you kitchen . ray okay . no , it 's all right , it 's all right . Robbie take he hat off and sit down as Ray search the box for food . he find peanut butter . ray uh , food ... uh , bread ... ( get the bread ) okay , we be gonna have ... umm .... we will just get some sandwich . Ray take the twist tie off the bread bag and dump the whole loaf on the counter . he tap he hand together to try to calm Rachel and Robbie . ray you ever see I deal ? wanna see I deal ? okay , there 's two for you , two for Robbie , two for I , ( he have one extra in he hand ) ... one for the house . ( laugh ) Ray open the peanut butter and grab a wooden spoon from the cooking utensil holder on the counter . ray maybe after we get do eat , I will take you down , teach you how to play some poker . a little five card stud ... a little blackjack ... rachel I be allergic to peanut butter . ray ( laugh ) since when ? rachel ( with a snotty look ) birth ! Robbie shake he head yes to she statement . ray okay , well , umm , here ( hand she two piece of bread ) you can eat the bread . okay ? rachel I be not hungry . ray okay , well . Robbie and I be go to be eat peanut butter sandwich . ( to Robbie ) you want jelly on this sandwich ? robbie I be not hungry either . ray you be not hungry either ? well , that 's fine . Ray pick up the bread piece and throw they at the sink window . one with peanut butter stick on the window and slowly slide off . ray everybody just relax , okay ? because we be here now and we be safe , and we be gonna stay . and in the morning you mom and Tim be go to be here and everything 's gonna be fine . okay ? ( no response ) okay . int . mary ann be house - basement - dusk Rachel and Ray be run down the star carry they own pillow and blanket . Robbie follow slightly behind they carry he own and a few extra pillow and blanket . rachel if everything 's fine , why do we have to sleep in the basement . we have get perfectly good bed . ray it 's like a slumber party . robbie what be you afraid be gonna happen to we ? ray ( walk over to the weight room corner of the basement ) Nice basement . rachel I want to sleep in my bed . I have get back problem . ray okay . you know on the weather Channel when there 's a tornado , and they tell you to go to the basement for safety ? it 's like that . rachel there 's gonna be tornado ? ray Rachel , no more talk . Robbie put he hat on Rachel 's head and usher she over to the spot under the stair where blanket be laid out . Ray walk over to the chair about five foot away from the bed . rachel could you be a little nicer to I . God ! Rachel and Robbie be hear in the background ... robbie wanna stay here ? rachel yeah . good night , love you . robbie Love you , rache . Ray take out he gun and put it under a pillow of the sofa as he sit down . so Robbie and Rachel wont notice . int . mary ann be house - basement - night bushes be hear rattling against the window . they become louder and louder against the window . eventually they become just shy of loud enough to wake Ray up . flash ! a strike of lighting get Ray 's eye to roll back around and open . bam ! the second flash be loud enough to get Robbie ( who be now in the seat next to Ray ) to jump up next to he . a few more flash and the lighten start like the first time . bam ! bam ! every strike of lighting light up the entire downstairs . Rachel get up and look think the stair . a close up shot of Robbie . with every lighten strike , he breathe become more erratic . rachel be the lighting back ? ray no , this be something else ... just as ray finish , a ear pierce noise from a jet engine begin . the howl rattles thing off of shelf on the wall . Robbie and Ray wince at the pain in they ear . Rachel run up to Robbie and hug he in security . thing fall off of shelf everywhere . a shot of the incredibly bright window as the noise grow even louder . robbie ( scream ) ahhhh ... what' that SOUND ? ray I never heard that before !!! rachel be it they !!! be it they !!! the lighting grow more intense as do the sound . ray we gotta go !! where do we go ??? robbie , this be you house , where do we go ?? Robbie open the door to the furnace room and show Rachel down the stair who run . Robbie go back to get Ray . Ray realize he have forget he gun . ray wait !! wait !! wait !! wait !! Ray and Robbie run to the door just as a fireball burst through the window . flaming debris follow after . Ray get the first door close but the fire blast through the wooden one . he manage , after a struggle , to get the metal one close on the inside of the furnace room . the door close and the room be completely black . in the dark , you can hear the debris be throw around everywhere around they . rachel be we still alive ? int . mary ann be house - furnace room - dawn Ray be look out the window at the top of the room . he be hold on to the metal wire conduit . see hardly anything , he judge it to be safe to go outside the furnace room . he walk by Rachel who be sleep in Robbie 's arm who be sleep against some copper piping . holding he slightly burn arm in pain , Ray exit 's the room through the char door and find most of the basement in ruin . the ground floor be now the top floor because the second floor be completely tear off . the camera pan out to find a wind down , burn airplane engine . pan out further we can see ray walk through the remain of different section of a airplane . ext . mary ann be house - yard - dawn Ray see the fuselage with one survive person haul a blue cart through the aisle . ray down here ! the man continue haul the cart . ray be you on this plane ? be you a passenger ? the cart come fly down the fuselage doorway as the man creep down the floor to the ground . max ( news camera operator ) hey , how you do ? wanna help I open this ? the news reporter come rush out from the side of the news van in the background . ray be you a passenger ? news reporter he 's deaf . the shell go off right beside he . the camera on he shoulder save he life . ( to Max ) you hear that Max ? you stupid camera save you stupid life . they succeed in jimmying open the cart and begin bag all the water and food they can . ray where be you ? news reporter out there in the pine barren . we be attach to a National Guard unit , the 83rd mechanize . they move to one of that thing around midnight . they have get some kind of shield around they . we can not see it , but everything we fire at they detonate too early before we can get close enough to cause any damage . when they flash that thing , everything light up like Hiroshima . she begin eat one of the meal package . ray there 's more than one ? reporter you gotta be kid I right ? int . news car - dawn reporter we be feed New York but New York go dark . so we patch over to D.C. , they go down , L.A. , Chicago , uplink to London . even call the affiliate to try and get they to catch the feed , but nobody answer . the reporter look at tape to find the one she 's look for . when she do so , she jam it into the vcr which promptly begin play it . reporter it 's the same everywhere . once the tripod start to move , no more news come out of that area . she show he a tape of about 30 tripod destroy a city . ray oh , my god ! reporter you be not see nothing yet . she wheel she chair around to show he the next piece . ray I see that storm . I be right in the middle of one of that . reporter no , you do not see it like this . that machine come up from under the ground , right ? that mean they must have be bury there a long time ago . so who 's drive the god damn thing ? ( point to the monitor ) watch the lightning . watch it ..... watch the lighting ..... she slow the footage down so he can get a good look . she advance it slowly . she point out a alien capsule like object run down the lighting bolt . ray what be that ? reporter that be they . they come down in capsule , riding the lighting into the ground into the machine right ? a vibration noise be hear by a approach robot . they both jump at the noise . driver you hear that ? we be get the hell out of here . the camera man have he hand full of meal as he load into the van . driver come on ! get in ! get in ! get in ! the door almost close on Ray as she stop and open it again . reporter hey . be you on that plane ? Ray shake he head no . reporter oh , that 's too bad , it would have be a really great story . she close the door on he . Black blend to : int . mary ann be house - basement - dawn Ray be talk to Rachel ... ray look at I . look at I . Rachel and Ray be put on they coat . ray you keep you eye only on I , you understand ? Rachel have she big eye on he as she nod yes . ray do not look down , do not look around I . I be take you to the car and you be gonna want to look around . but you be not go to , be you ? she shake she head and whisper " no " . int . ( but due to crash it be now ext . ) mary ann be house - debris field - dawn Ray be carry Rachel to the van . Robbie be walk along behind they look at the devastation . ray you be do good . you be do good . keep you eye on I . we will go right to Boston , and we be gonna see you mom . rachel I be not gonna look , dad . ray that 's a girl . that 's my girl . okay , listen , I want you to close you eye . get they close ? rachel um-huh . ray there you go . keep they ' close for I . camera follow Robbie who put he hand on he head in amassment of the devastation . Ray start the car and turn it around to pull out . ray Robbie , get in . Robbie do not react at all . Ray become agitate . ray robbie !! get in !!! rachel why be you yell ? Ray give he a mean look as Robbie realize that they must go . ray ( to Rachel ) it 's okay . ( to Robbie ) get in ! they pull away from the wreckage and continue on they journey . ext . van - day Ray be read the map while Robbie look out the window . they be take back road that have nothing but farmland on they . robbie why the hell be not we on the turnpike ? ray because I do not want everybody to see we have get a work car . ( go over the plan ) we will stay along the Hudson until we find a open bridge or ferry , then we be gonna cross the Hudson . then take the back road across Connecticut all the way to Boston . rachel where be everybody ? ray I do not know . running , hide , hide in they basement . robbie if we have any ball , we would go back there and find one of that thing and kill it . ray yeah , well , why do not you just let I make the big decision , okay ? Ray shove the map on the floorboard as he become more angry at Robbie . robbie which would be when ? never Ray ? never 's about you speed . rachel okay , enough Robbie ! ray ( angrily ) okay ! enough with the Ray shit !! it 's dad , sir , or if you want Mr. ferrier . that sound a little weird to I but you decide . rachel dad ?!?! ray yes , Rachel . rachel I have to go to the bathroom . ray really ? Rachel shake she head " yes " as he pull the car over . Ray grab Robbie by the shirt arm and hold he in the car . he glare at Rachel mean enough to make she freeze in she seat . robbie come on . ( tug at he shirt sleeve which Ray have a hold of ) I gotta go ! ray not so fast , not so fast , all right ? now , there be two thing we have to watch out for , and the second be people who might want we car . robbie there 's nobody around ! rachel I gotta go . Robbie break free of Ray 's grasp on he sleeve . Robbie and Rachel both get out of the car . Ray follow the both of they to supervise the whole event from the van . ray ( displease ) Rachel ! Rachel , that 's good right there . ( point to a spot 20 ' away ) rachel i'm not go in front of you guy ! ray all right , then just go where I can see you ! rachel be you crazy ?? don't look !! ray I be not gonna look ! just stay in sight !! rachel that's looking !! Rachel be about 200 foot away enter a patch of bush . Robbie have already find a spot about 10 ' away next to the stream under the road . ray listen . every time you do not listen to I , I be tell you mother , okay ? I be make a list . ( reinforce ) I be make a list ! Rachel be enter the wood area next to the stream look for a half way decent spot . she see the river and look at it in beauty just as she see a body float down it . more body start come at a huge rate . 20,30,40,50 body float down the river . Rachel begin to hyperventilate again as Ray come up from behind she and throw he hand over she eye and grab she . ray I tell you to stay where I could see you ! rachel I be sorry ! Ray grab she into he arm and begin walk back to the van . Army truck can be hear crossing by the van . Robbie , who 's only interest be kill one of the robot see this as a opportunity to do so . Robbie run toward the truck and begin shouting .... robbie stop !! do you have room ??? stop !!! some truck pass by as the soldier in they look at he blankly . robbie wait , stop !!! let I on !!! let I on !!! give I a hand !!! Robbie be get soak as the tank 's track roll over the large puddle of water . Robbie be not give up hope that one may let he on . robbie wait !!! stop !!! give I a hand !!! you have room !!! soldier watch it , kid ! you 're gonna get yourslelf run over !!! Ray see Robbie try to get on with they . he have have enough of Robbie and go up to he to tell he .... ray what !?!?! robbie , you want to go in that direction ? Robbie , who ignore he be still shouting for they to stop . ray there's nothing live in that direction , robbie !!! robbie what do you care ?!?!? you never give a shit before !!! you never give a shit !!! ray okay , hard ass , what' you plan ? you 're in charge now , you tell I what we're do !! robbie we catch up with these soldier , we pick up whoever else isn't dead and we get back at they !!! we get back at they !! that's what we do !!! ray well , now let' try one that dosen't involve you ten year old sister joining the army ! you have anything like that ??? Ray and Robbie be about ready to start throw punch at each other as the tank continue roll by . robbie why don't you just tell US the truth ??? ray you have anything like that ! robbie you have no idea which way to go !! ray you have anything like that ?!?!?! robbie you wanna come off all wise and shit !! you only chose boston because you hope mom be there and if she' there , you can dump US on her !!! you can dump US on her then you'll only have to care about yourself !!! witch be exactly the way you like it !!! Robbie be shiver in the cold of he wet clothes but he adrenaline keep he fight at Ray . they both can be see with the air from they nostril flaring like a bull . Rachel rush in as a attempt to get Robbie to realize what he 's do . rachel robbie !!! where be you try to go ?!?! what be you try to do ?!?! Rachel begin to cry as Robbie look at she in sorrow . rachel whoe's gonna take care of I if you go !!! Rachel 's last line almost bring Robbie to tear as he pick she up and start walk over to the van . Ray stand next to the still roll army vehicle and begin to realize how this brother and sister have come to rely on each other during the divorce of they parent . int . van - day Robbie be stare out the window in the exact opposite direction of Ray . the radio be broadcasting the emergency alert test . Ray turn off the radio and say ... ray if I close my eye , why do not you drive for a bit . robbie I do not have a license . ray since when have that stop you ? int . van - dusk Robbie be drive into a city . Ray be sleep in the passenger seat . the street be crowded with people walk . Robbie get worried and get Ray to drive . robbie ray. ( no response ) ray. ( no response ) dad ! Ray wake up and Robbie try to get he to take the wheel . robbie you think you could .... you think you could ... ray do not stop ... do not take you foot off ... okay . I get it ... I get it .... rachel where 's everybody go ? ray I do not know rach . rachel but we do right ? ray yeah , we do . they continue drive through the crowd as they become more and more mad at Ray for not let they on . they begin bang on the glass . rachel why would he do that ? the man continue hit the windshield . rachel why be he do that ? ray he want a ride . everybody just want a ride . rachel can we give he one ? ray just sit back and put on you seatbelt . Robbie , put on you seatbelt . Rachel be busy look at all the people who be now begging for a ride . ray put on you seatbelt Rachel . the three of they fasten they seatbelt . robbie be careful . people bang on the window louder as they shout " give I a ride " . ray I be sorry , I can not . please get away from the car . a police man jump on the hood and bang on the window . ray hey !! police man 3 stop the car !! ray and robbie together get off the car !!! get off the car !!! police man 3 you could carry 20 people in there ! stop the car !!! Rachel be panic and start to do the " arm " process to stay calm . ray and robbie together get off the car !!! get off the car !!! Ray hit 's the gas pedal as the police man fall off the side of the van . Ray speed away now and gain some speed just as someone throw debris into the windshield which break it . Rachel scream in panic . rachel ( scream ) ahhhh !! ray oh hold on !! Robbie and Ray see a woman stand dead in they way hold a baby . they swerve to miss she . robbie look out ! look out ! ray ( see a telephone pole ) oh , GOD ! the van smashes into the telephone pole and the pole lurch about 20 foot . the transformer on the top of the pole begin to arc and spark . the crowd be now rock the van from side to side shouting at about a riot level . int . van - dusk ray be you okay ? Rachel have no time to respond before the back windshield be bust open by a crowd member . the driver and passenger side window be then promptly bust . Robbie duck to avoid the fly glass . a man jump on the hood and start rip glass away from the hole in the front windshield . he be so desperate to get in the van he rip he hand to shred . a crowd member suggest to " push it " . he do so and the glass fall through . the passenger side door be open and Robbie be pull out by the rioting crowd . robbie ( scream ) ahhhhh !!!! ray !!! ray robbie ?!?! robbie ?!?!? Ray then scream to the rioting crowd who be now pull he out of the driver 's side window . ray no , just wait !!! wait !! stop !!! just stop !!! rachel daddy !!!! a man from the crowd run up to Rachel 's window , break it , and try to grab Rachel . Ray pull the man out and throw he back into the crowd . ray Rachel !! ( grab guy ) get out of there !!! Ray be push by the man he just throw and hit 's the driver 's side door . Ray kick the guy square in the gut which get he back into the crowd . rachel daddy !!! Ray wrestle another man try to grab Rachel . the man get toss to the ground . just as Ray stand up ... wham !!! Ray be hit in the back of the head by a man with a baseball bat . the blow be not severe enough to cause life threaten damage to Ray . ray ( grasp he head in pain ) ahhh !!! another man grab Ray to try to fight he . woman in the crowd yell to " stop they " but nobody do so . the man who be strangling Ray yell to " get in the car " . Robbie fight off the man who pull he out of the car , come over to Ray 's side , and begin choke the man who be choke Ray . Robbie hit 's the man 's head against the car . the man release he grip on Ray , the man and Robbie be drug into the rioting crowd beyond frame view . a man get into the driver 's seat and try to start the car . ray ( through a choke grip ) Rachel , get out of the car ! get out of the car rachel !!! Ray just barely finish as he be drug off into the crowd beyond frame . rachel daddy !!! Rachel try to get out , but there be a overflow of people barrel into the car through the window . she be surround by people in the car . Robbie and Ray be get beat in the crowd . Ray manage to pull out he gun . he fire off two round into the air . the crowd instantly move away from he . one man yell " take it easy ! " no sign of Robbie . ray ( point the gun at the people on the roof of the car ) get off the car !! get off !!! Men start get off the car to avoid the gun threaten Ray . ray ( continue ) get off the car !! move !! move !! realizing Robbie be nowhere in sight .... ray where 's my son ?!?! riot man 1 you do not need that , man ! ray where' my son ?!?! robbie !! .... robbie !! riot man 2 put the gun down , man . it 's not I ! ray ( still determine to find Robbie ) robbie !!! Ray be able to pull Robbie out from the crowd . Robbie have a run bloody nose and a badly bruise stomach . he be fight to catch he breath because he have it knock out of he . rachel dad !!! the camera move from Robbie to Ray , then pivot on he face to reveal a man hold another gun at Ray 's head . riot man 3 okay , man , now listen . put down the gun . I be take the car . ray my daughter 's in the car ... riot man 3 ( shaking the gun nervously ) put down the gun , I be take the car . ray all I want be my daughter .... riot man 3 put down the GOD damn gun !!! Ray be scared into drop he gun on the street . Ray then put he hand near he head to avoid be shot . ray please , all I want be my daughter . riot man 3 ( surprisingly calm ) I be take the car . ray I just want my daughter . please just let I take my daughter , can I .... all I want be my daughter . riot man 3 yeah . okay , go ahead , take she , take she , yeah , yeah .... Ray grab Rachel out of the car as the riot man get in the driver 's seat and close the door . ray Robbie !! Robbie , who have manage to get to he foot , hunch over , walk over to Ray . Ray , with Rachel in he arm , and Robbie walk to the diner on the street . the man back up the car just as the camera pan down to see a man who see the gun on the street . the man pick up Ray 's gun and look at the man in the van . int . diner - dusk the three of they be walk to a booth in the diner . Ray , with Rachel in he arm , be beginning to bleed from he head wound . he walk with a slight limp . Rachel be panic stricken . Robbie let go of he bloody nose and , with both hand , clenches he chest in pain . he be still fight to catch he breath . they be all soak from the rain . they all sit down at the booth . the power be flicker on and off . as they begin to relax from the ordeal they just have , gunshot be hear . bam !! bam !! Ray jump and catch he head in he hand as it throbs . Robbie jump and flail he arm in pain as the jump tightened muscle in he stomach . Robbie turn around to see the man with Ray 's gun fire at riot man 3 . bam ! one more gunshot be hear . Rachel scurries over to Robbie who , despite he pain , grab Rachel and they hug each other seek comfort . the van drive away . Rachel sob as Ray also start cry because nobody know what to do from here . Robbie look at Ray for some comfort . he have none . walk down the Street - dusk they be walk in a crowd of about 300 . some man share they storey of assumption . one man say ... " Europe 's get it the worst .... " while another man say " we have get it the worst ...... " while some people " do not give a shit who it be ..... " rachel look like the power 's still on here . ray yeah , power 's still on because nothing bad have come up from under the ground . a rail road crossing guard stick come down as the bell and light start go off . the people stand behind the guard just like car . they wait . a train approach and be blow off fireballs from a encounter with a robot . the entire train be flame and burn . the train , as it whisk by be release piece of red hot ash . the bar go up as the train complete it 's crossing . the people continue walk . ext . ferry dock - dusk random , pointless music be play over the PA system as people be be herde by soldier onto a ferry boat . a blood bank woman say over a megaphone ... woman unless you be o-positive and rh negative , thank you but we already have more blood than we can use . again ... ( repeat message ) Shots of the herde people board the ferry . solder be hear and see say " this way " and " keep it move folk " . harbor master please move forward calmly , the boat can make more than one trip . please move forward calmly , take you time , do not rush . ( repeat ) sheryl Ray ! ray ?!?! ray sheryl ? sheryl yeah . Ray and sheryl hug as they be re-unite . sheryl oh , my gosh , be this you kid ? ray yes , this be Rachel . sheryl hi , I be sheryl , this be my daughter , nora . Ray , sheryl , nora , and Rachel exchange handshake . ray hi , I have hear about you , nora . Rachel look at sea gull that be fly rather fast away from the boat . Robbie meet sheryl with Ray . ray this be my son , Robbie . robbie hi sheryl . sheryl he 's just like dad . Rachel continue watch the gull . sheryl how you do ? you look like shit . Rachel be now fully into watch the gull . Ray , sheryl , and Robbie be engage into small talk . Rachel see the gull fly around something over the horizon behind the city . rachel ( to herself ) the tree be funny . harbor master we be gonna move some car out of the way to make more space . give we a few minute . Rachel watch the tree begin to be flatten and move as something get brighter on the horizon . Rachel grab Ray 's finger and he realize that she want he . Ray turn around to see what Rachel want as he too see the thing on the horizon . Robbie see Ray look that way , so he too look that way . a robot put it 's last foot down with a thud and look at the dock full of people . it make the vibration noise which get the attention of everybody . the crowd begin overrun the soldier and cram onto the ship for safety . the captain see the overflow and prepare the ship for takeoff to try to stop the overflow . captain cast off !!! get that ramp up !!! harbor master cast off now !!! get that ramp up !!! ( to soldier ) no more people ! no more people ! we be take the ramp up . the soldier create a blockade which hold back the crowd for quite a while . as the crowd start to collect , the soldier start to bulge forward from people push they . Three robot now switch on they light to look over the crowd of people . a move crowd of about 1,000 people be now collect on the soldier who so far be withstand . Ray , now in the front next to a soldier , try to get they to let he and he family through . they say there be no more room . ray ( to sheryl ) you just stay with I ! grab my jacket ! sheryl I get you ferrier. ( trip ) oh , Jesus ! ray you okay ? come on ! sheryl Jesus . oh my god ! ray come on . the harbor master hit 's the switch to start the ramp motor to begin fold up the ramp . Soldiers shove empty car off the ramp . sheryl be knock around by a few people and loose grip of Ray 's jacket . sheryl oh , Ray !! ray !!! they run faster and sheryl fall farther behind . Robbie make a grab for she hand but a soldier stop sheryl just short . sheryl no , I can go with he !!! ray !!!! no !!!! the ramp begin lift as a few people make one last jump and latch on to it . Ray look back for sheryl . ray sheryl ?!?!? sheryl !!!! sheryl ray !!!! ray there 's room on the boat !!! sheryl let US through GOD damn it !!! ray there's still room on the boat !!! there's room on the boat !!! there's room on the boat !!! Rachel scream as Ray run to the bow with Rachel in he arm . Robbie be soon to follow ... rachel robbie ?!?! ray stay with I ! stay with I Robbie !!! Robbie run right past they and up to the captain 's deck . ray robbie !!! Robbie , panting hard , look at the incline ramp and see there be still people hang on to the back side of the ramp . he start run to the stern of the ship . the captain push the throttle all the way full . the propeller start so fast they spray water all over the people still at the dock . pull away at it 's tie to the dock , the ship begin pull away . rachel ( see Robbie run to the stern ) Robbie ? Robbie !?!?! ray Robbie !!! rachel robbie !!! Robbie ignore they as he jump onto the grate of the fold up ramp . climb to the top , he begin help that who be hang on the back side of the ramp . robbie here , grab my hand !! hold on ! I get you ! hold on !!! camera turn or Ray 's face . Ray look at Robbie help people in admiration and proud ness . robbie take my hand !! take it !!! int . captain control room - dusk the captain see some sort of whirlpool suck water down into a hole . the ship begin to slowly turn toward the hole , be suck in . captain oh , my god ! passenger rush over to the starboard railing where a robot emerge from the whirlpool . woosh !!! hundred of gallon of water be toss up with the robot . the water in the air turn to snow as it fall on the ship . the robot 's engine howl in the air . ray ( fear danger to he son ) robbie !!! the robot 's claw begin push the ship make it lean to one side and finally tip over on it 's side . Robbie be already run towards Ray . at the turn of the ship , the three go into the water . Cars start come towards they . woosh !!! a car come right for they . splash !!! the car hit 's the water where they be , instantly pin Robbie and Ray to the front of it . Rachel be hold on to Robbie 's back , also go down . the people in the car be scream as the car fill with water . as the ship completely capsize , people be throw or wash into the water . Cars sink down , people float and the ship bob in the water . Ray be able to un -pin himself and pull Robbie out . they all begin swim to the surface . Rachel lag behind and Robbie grab she and help she up . at the surface , they meet . a ship propeller at full power . they begin to swim away from it . claw from the ship over head be grab people and pull they into the robot 's hold . ext . beach - dark Ray be heaving Rachel up to shore . Robbie be not far behind . they be all fight to get they breath after swim for so long . Ray can no longer haul Rachel up the beach . ray help I . help I with she . robbie ( gag ) okay . Robbie almost slip as he gag , still fight for breath . pull each other up the hill .... ray do not stop . do not stop . alert siren can be hear come from the city . Ray pull the two of they . robbie ( yell in pain ) ahhh . they all lay on the hillside , gasp for air . in the distance they look ... two robot be still pick people up out of the water . two more robot have join and be pick up people off the street . many people scream . with jaw clatter , Rachel look toward the other hillside on the other side of the river . shiver Ray and Robbie look there with she . three more robot be on the opposite hillside blast people with they disintegrator beam . many more people scream . Rachel , in fright , run towards the bush behind Ray . Ray see she , and run with she . Robbie run with they . they stop and squat down as they see the top of another robot come over the hill to join the three . Robbie , run , with clench tooth , stop . his jaw drop as we be able to see hundred of thousand of article of clothing fall from the sky . they continue run through the wood where clothes fall like snow . pasture fence line - Dark Robbie be walk 5 ' ahead of Ray and Rachel along a fence line of a pasture . gunfire be see and hear over the hill about 500 yard away . Robbie , who always want to help in the fight , begin walk faster toward the gunfire . rachel Robbie , slow down . Robbie follow the fence line and walk a little faster . rachel Robbie , slow down !!! Robbie , who be come closer to the hill , see army truck roll down the road and up the hill . see this , Robbie walk into a slow run along the fence line . Ray and Rachel try to keep up . rachel Robbie . ray Robbie . we get to stay together Robbie . Robbie , get closer , run faster , faster . ray Robbie ! stay together ! robbie !!! Ray and Rachel duck as a missile come extremely close to they head . jet speed by they overhead . Rachel scream . ray get back here !!! Robbie , in a full scale run , run with the army truck that have now take to the hill . Ray and Rachel run as fast as they can to try to stay with Robbie . rachel Robbie !! no !! robbie !!! come back !!! Robbie run with the truck with all he might . Ray and Rachel be now search for he . ray robbie !!! ( set Rachel down next to a tree ) now don't move ! for GOD be sake , stay right here ! i'm coming right back ! ( call out for he ) robbie !!! Ray see Robbie about 20 ' ahead of he . ray robbie !!! robbie !!! Robbie be hold back by two soldier . Robbie get throw back by they where Ray grab he and pin he to the ground . Robbie fight to get back up . ray why be you do this ??? Soldiers be blast everything they have to something over the hill . Radio people be tell they officer " no effect on target " . Robbie be watch all he be able to see while Ray try to get he attention on he . ray listen to I ! turn around ! I want you to listen to I ! Robbie ignore he and continue watch artillery blast over the hill . Ray get feed up with Robbie . he grab he shoulder and flip he over on to he back . Robbie look at Ray in fright that he do that . Ray grab he coat shoulder , and climb on top of he , pine he down to the ground . ray listen to I ! Rachel watch helicopter fire missile simultaneously over the hill . ray don't do this ! I love you ! robbie I need to be here ! I need to see this !! ray I know it seem like you have to but you don 't !!! robbie let I go !!! ray you don 't !!! robbie please let I go !!! Rachel be approach by people . they think she 's alone so they try to talk she into come with they ( ad lib ) . ray i'm not letting you do this !! you can hate I ..... Robbie try to fight to get up but Ray keep he pin to the ground . ray ... you can hate I . but I love you !! robbie let I go please !!! ray i'm not letting you do this !!! robbie dad !! Ray see the couple try to get Rachel to go with they . for a second , Ray do not know what to do . ray just listen to I ! robbie I need to be here ! I want to see this ! ray wait , stay . stay for Rachel . stay for you sister . robbie please let I go ! you need to let I go . Ray and Robbie be silent for what seem to they like forever . Ray look to Rachel who be be carry away by the couple . Robbie manage to turn back over to he stomach . after enough try , Robbie be able to squirm out of Ray 's grasp on he shoulder . Robbie crawl out of Ray 's grasp and stand up . they stare at each other for a while and Robbie begin run over the hill . Ray run over to Rachel to get she back from the couple . ray get off !!! i'm her father !!! i'm her father !!! woman we think she be alone ... we .... she do not finish as she scurries away . Ray look at the hill where the soldier be fire at ... a flaming army truck roll over the hill . ray Robbie ?!?! two more truck come over the hill ablaze . suddenly ... boom !!! a ring of mine charge go off at the peak of the hill . the explosion blast be almost big enough to knock Ray off of he foot . ray robbie !!! by now , Robbie have run over the hill and be long out of site . a robot that appear to be on fire come slowly rise over the hill . Ray make a run for it down the hill . we can see three robot now rise over the hill . missile and bullet be be fire at they as they shield block all the fire artillery . ext . harland house - cellar door - night harland life in the basement of he house about 300 foot away from the hill that the robot come over . he be hold a rifle as a signal for anybody who can see he . harland over here ! over here !!! Ray and Rachel run towards he . harland hurry !! the three of they scurry into the basement . Ray and Rachel run into the main room while harland proceed to close the cellar door . gunfire can be hear alongside the scream from people . light flash through the crack in the wall and door . int . harland house - basement - dusk - continuous harland walk up to the lantern hang on the wall and look at Ray and Rachel . his face , half light look medieval with the clothes he wear . harland grab the lantern and carry it over to where Ray and Rachel be huddle shiver in they damp clothes . harland ( to Rachel ) you all right ? Rachel do not respond most likely due to shock . harland ( to Ray ) and what about you ? Ray look up at he and look at the lantern . he be still hear mutter " Robbie " very quietly . harland move a wheel barrel as rat be see scurrying about on the floor . the army platoon have go far enough over the hill that gunfire can no longer be see or hear . ray ( while harland move the wheel barrel ) ( to Rachel ) there you go . be that comfortable ? I need you to close you eye now , okay ? you need some sleep . Rachel 's face be pure white with some red around she eye . rachel dad ? Ray already know what she be go to ask . ray he 's gonna meet we . hey , Robbie 's gonna meet we , rach , in Boston , at you grandma 's . harland be watch they through fall out board in the wall . rachel ( about ready to cry ) what do you think mom 's do right this minute ? harland sit down on the stair to listen to they conversation . he begin sharpen a shovel with a file . ray Mom ? she 's in Boston . wait . and I know she 's not sleep ' cause she be so worried about you . ( try to comfort she ) ... and she 's in grandma 's kitchen , and she 's make that awful tea that she make . and they be all just ... ... ... there all just count the minute until they see you again . Rachel be cry because she miss Robbie and she mom . Ray see the first place ribbon she keep carry around and begin to investigate what it be . ray ( pick up the ribbon ) what be this ? what ... what be this ? rachel I win . ray you win ? rachel the walk , trot , and canter . third place . she begin to feel dreary ... rachel sing I " lullaby and goodnight " ? ray ( shake he head in displeasure because he can not think of it ) I do not remember that one . rachel sing I " hushabye Mountain " ? ray I be sorry rach , I do not know that one either . Rachel turn over ( she back to Ray ) because she realize that it be a lose hope to get a song out of he . Ray think for a moment and remember a old nursery rhyme he be teach . ray ( begin to sing ) I be not brag , baby . so do not put I down . because I have get the fastest set of wheel in the town . something come up to I that do not even try .... Rachel turn back over as Ray continue sing ... ray ( continue sing ) ... if I have a set of wing , man , I know she could fly . she 's my little deuce coupe . you do not know what I have get ... just my little deuce coupe . ( now whisper ) you do not know what I have get .... Rachel have fall asleep . Ray kiss she on the forehead . harland tap two glass together and say ... harland Peach schnapp . Ray get up and begin walk towards he . harland disgusting , I know it . I find a whole case of this shit . harland hand Ray a glass as they both sit down . ray thank you . silence fall over for a period . harland I be sorry about you son . ray we get separate ... he 's gonna meet we in umm ... in Boston . Ray drink the schnapp as he begin to ask ... ray do you ... ( pause ) ... ( whisper ) do you loose anybody ? harland all of they . another pause . harland ( introduce himself ) harland ogilvy . ray ( introduce himself ) Ray ferrier . they shake hand . harland I get water ... food .... enough for week . you be welcome to stay , both of yous . Ray get up from the conversation . ray I be sorry . I be gonna get some sleep . harland ( speak loud enough to get Ray to pause ) that machine , that tripod they get ... they bury they ... right under we foot . since before there be even people here . they have be plan this for a million year . we be beat to shit . Ray look at harland sternly because he be afraid Rachel may hear what he may say next . ray please , my daughter . harland think about it . ... they defeat the great power in the world in a couple day . walk right over we . .... and this be only the first , they will keep come . this be not a war any more than there 's a war between man and maggot . this be a extermination . Ray walk over to where Rachel be sleep . harland ( feel he 's not grasp the reality ) be you afraid ? ray of course I be . harland ( go on ) I be around death plenty . drive a ambulance in the city . well , drive and ambulance in the city . that 's all over now , huh ? .... you know the people who make it Ray ? the one that do not flatline before the hospital ? it 's the one who keep they eye open , keep look at you , keep think . .... there the one who survive ... .... we can ' t loose we head Ray . .... running , that 's what will kill you . ...... I be dead set on livin ' . he pause and begin chuckle at he own joke . harland hah . Dead set on live . harland walk back over to the place where the conversation first start . ray thank you for take we in . Ray lie down next to Rachel as harland finish ... harland we be not go to be exterminate . the ground start shaking from robot walk around outside . Ray get back up just as boom !! a small piece of the corner of the basement collapse from all the vibration . harland ( with shotgun at side ) it 's okay ! come on , I wanna show you something ! they both be waling towards a window . harland we be gonna fight they Ray . they gotta have a weakness . come on , take a look . Ray and harland see two robot spraying vine like strand out of a hole on the bottom of the ship onto the ground . harland somehow they kill a few of this thing in osaka . that 's what I hear . you tell I the japanese can figure it out but we can not ? Ray go over to Rachel and pick she up to take she somewhere else . harland we can do it . we can get them . we can figure it out . Ray put the now wide awake Rachel in a chair . ray stay right there ! Ray open up a window guard to see two robot skim the ground almost as if they be tilling up the soil . he now understand that robot do this on a regular basis . ray I have a daughter ! why do you bring we here ? harland to fight them together , Ray . .... now we will be the one come up from underground . when the time be right , we will take them by supries , the way they take we . we will take them by surprise . Ray put he hand over he face as he realize he be stay with a insane man . harland we be right under they foot , Ray . right here , under they foot . int . harland house - basement - near dusk Ray look at the mysterious red plant that be grow wildly . he feel it and they snap a piece of it off of a pipe . he examine it closely as he walk over to the window where light be beam in and out as the robot work . he take another piece of a wall and study that one . Ray hear a hover craft over he head . a light flow over the roof board that stream down to the other end of a board hall in the basement . harland be sit on the stair with Rachel . harland you miss you mommy ? I have a little girl nearly you age . you know , if anything happen to you daddy , I will take care of you . Ray be very angry that harland be say thing like that to he daughter . ray Rachel ! Rachel run towards he and he point to stand beside he . they both stare at harland , on the stair , in dismay . ray ( distinctly angry , but not yell ) you do not have anything to say to she , do you understand ? if you want to talk to somebody , or ask somebody a question , you ask I ! harland ( also angry at Ray ) what exactly be you plan , Ray ? I know what I be gonna do . how about you ? you gonna sit here , wait for they to come get you ? be that you plan ? harland walk around to different part of the basement do miscellaneous thing . harland maybe you want to get catch . couple of day hide in a basement too much for you , I bet . you will probably turn yourself right in ! the robot outside stop move . all the rumbling stop . ray listen . it stop . harland ( pay no attention ) maybe you will be okay . maybe you will get lucky and they will train you as they pet . you know , train you , feed you , teach you how to do trick ... ray ( yell ) will you shut up and listen ?!?!?! piece of wood fall from the hole as a robot camera come float down into the hole . Ray hide behind the stair . the camera eye open and light turn on for it . Rachel be hide as well . the camera look around the couch . Ray move as to not be see by it move around the couch . it see a rat and quickly follow it for a few second . Ray and harland exchange look as Ray run toward Rachel to hide with she . the robot continue check out the basement . harland grab a axe to cut off the camera from it 's limb . Ray shake he head no to get he to stop . Ray silently do expression to convince he not to . harland go towards ray so they can hide together . harland almost make it before he thud against a cabinet full of glass container which clang together . the robot hear this and turn around toward the noise . they run to a different spot . robot get closer ... Ray put a mirror in front of the doorway to trick the robot into see another robot . the camera look over the mirror and see nothing . it turn around just as ... Rachel 's boot slide , make a noise . the robot view into the boot that be hang out . it look behind the mirror to find just a boot sit there . Ray , Rachel and harland be in the middle of the basement . a sight of relief come as the robot camera exit 's out of the hole . now the actual alien come into the basement . harland turn the lantern out and run to hide . the alien look around the basement . they look at , smell , and touch various different thing throughout the basement . Ray , Rachel , and harland scurry to different part of the basement . harland load he gun and aim it to fire at one of the alien but the gun be pull back by Ray . ray ( dead silent ) give I that ! Ray and harland be in a silent fight for the gun . they both have they hand on it . the alien continue look around . Ray and harland be both sweat bullet fight for the gun . still silently . harland pin Ray against the wall and force he down to the ground to try and break the gun free of he grasp . the alien be see take and smell a photograph from a box . Ray let go of the gun and harland jerk it away from he just as the vibration like noise be hear from the robot . the alien scurry out through the open hole . harland come down to Ray , now sit on the floor , and say .... harland you and I ... I do not think we be on the same page . int . harland house - basement - day the vine ray look at be grow at a phenomenal rate along the concrete slab under the window . robot be spraying a red mist out of the back of they ship . Ray hold he hand in the mist that be enter the window . after a moment .... Ray retract he hand and turn it over to reveal what appear to be blood . harland ray !!! ray !!!! ray !!!! ray !!!! ray keep you voice down !!! quiet !!! harland turn around and he whole face be cover in spot of blood . they both turn back around then harland run . Ray watch a man be set down , fight to be let go . a needle like object come down and stab the man . it then pump the blood out of he . Ray have a horrify look on he face . harland ( repeat for about 2 minute ) not my blood !!! Ray realize they will have the same fate if he keep yell . then ... the robot stop because they hear he . Ray run to harland who be digging some sort of hole . ray stop it ! stop it ! you gotta stop it ! you gotta be quiet or they will hear you ! harland ( with a insane expression and tone ) they drink we ! ray please , they will hear you ! harland then they spray we , like a fertilizer ! ray you gotta be quiet ! harland drink US and .... ray they be gonna come back down here ! harland have mentally lose it now . harland then they spit we out all over they goddamn red weed ! ray ( no longer whisper ) do you understand what I be gonna have to do ? I can not let my daughter die because of you . harland pay no attention to he . harland this tunnel will get we to the city . we will have we own tunnel there . ready make ! Subway , see what I be say ! ray stop it ! harland you can hide a whole army down there ! ray stop it !! harland ... we will go underground ! ray stop it !!! harland sneak attack at night ! ray you stop it !!! Ray grab he by the arm just as he hit ray in the forehead with a shovel . Ray release he grip and lie on a dirt pile next to harland . harland we be the resistance Ray ! they can not occupy this country ! occupation always fail ! History 's teach we that a thousand time . this be we land . Ray run up the stair of the room to Rachel stand calmly in the middle of the basement . harland ( continue ) ... we eat it , we breathe it , only we can live on it ! they can not survive here Ray . they be not build for it . Ray hug Rachel because he know what he have to do . harland go on say odd thing as Ray get Rachel prepare for what he have to do . Ray put a black cloth over Rachel 's eye which make she breathe go erratic . rachel what be you do ? ray whatever you hear ... do not take this off . rachel dad ?? ray rach ? rachel dad ? ray what be that song ... that lullaby I do not know ? rachel hushabye Mountains ray yeah . please , rach , sing it . rachel ( begin to sing ) ... a gentle breeze .... ray do not stop . rachel ... on hushabye Mountain ... ray that 's my girl . rachel ... for far away my baby go ... Ray kiss she hand and have she put they over she ear . then walk back to harland . he be still digging and chant " not my blood " rachel ... it fill the sail ... harland stop and see Ray stand in the doorway . rachel ... of boat that be wait ... Ray close the door behind he as he step in . rachel ... wait to sail you worry away ... Rachel hear scream and grunt as the two man fight behind the door . rachel ... so close you eye . you be on hushabye Mountain ... Rachel 's voice begin tremble as she hold she ear tighter . rachel ... Wave goodbye to the care of the day and watch you boat , from hushabye Mountain , sail far away from lullaby Bay . all be silent for a while . Ray open the door and walk out . Rachel release she hand and take off the blindfold . Ray be sit on the stair . Rachel sit in he lap and put he arm around she . they both sit there in silence . int . harland house - basement - dusk Ray and Rachel be sleep on the couch . as we view down from Ray 's face we find that Rachel be wide awake for some reason . she sit up and .... rachel ( scream ) ahhhh !!! a robot camera be 1 ' away from she face . Rachel run to the wall , still scream as ray hit 's the camera with he hand . the camera hit 's the ceiling and shake it 's self off of debris . Ray begin blast the axe he have in hand into the camera attachment line . Rachel scream as he hit 's the line . over and over and over . Rachel run up the basement stair . Ray continue hit it and it finally pull away . the camera , still attach by a hair , hit some wood plank and be pull out of the hole . ray Rachel ??? no response for a few second , then Rachel let off a gut wrenching scream . ray rachel !!! ( to himself ) oh , my god , no ! he run up the stair to search for she in the house . ray Rachel ? Rachel ? ( look up the stair ) Rachel ?? Ray open the front door to find red vine coat in blood in the doorway . he quickly brushes they down step out the door . ray ( search ) Rachel , make some noise baby . Rachel ?? he begin walk down a path to look for she farther out . ray Rachel ? Rachel ? talk to I baby , come on ! he get no response from Rachel . all be dead silent accept for he . ray Rachel ?!? rachel ?!?!?! Ray see a entire field of blood coat red vine beyond the hill . ray rachel !!!! rachel !!! a robot 's light turn on to he as a food land close enough to he to blow he back . one of the robot 's grab claw come after Ray . he hide in a truck . the claw break through the glass , grab the car , and flip it , cause it to roll about 3 time . ray ( scream ) ahh ! now in the car , lie upside down , he hear Rachel scream . he look and Rachel be stand at the top of a hill . the robot center above she and begin to grab she with a claw . Ray run towards she to try and do what he can to stop it . rachel ( scream ) ahhhhh !!!! ray no no no !!! the robot blast through a building . Ray be right behind the foot . he run into a army vehicle and find a belt full of grenade . he take on off , remove the pin and throw it at the robot . ray hey !!! it hit 's the robot 's shield and the robot turn right around . it eyeball Ray for a moment and pick he up by a grab claw . ray ( scream in pain ) ahhh ! he be throw into a cage with about 30 other people in it as well . the gate close on the top as he be throw in . the camera show he be in one of two cage . people scream and cry in confusion . Ray spot Rachel sit on the side of the grate . ray rachel !! he go towards she just as the door open , it make a sound and a grab claw come out of a hole on the robot . Ray fall down ( luckily ) , it grab another person and suck he into the ship . the same happen in the other cage . ray ( reach Rachel ) Rachel . ( no response ) Rachel . she seem to be freeze . ray Rachel . rachel dad ? Ray go to speak just as boom ! the grate shift , toss all the people around and the door open to take another person up . Ray duck down with Rachel but this be notice by the grab claw . he be sweep up by it . Rachel hold on to he neck to go with he . but then , Ray see he belt of grenade . he prig Rachel 's hand off of he and grab the grenade . a soldier see this and latch onto Ray 's arm . soldier 2 pull I ! pull I !!! people all start latching on to the soldier and begin heaving he and Ray down . they loose ground until more people join . soldier 2 we get he ! keep pull ! pull I ! Ray be let loose by the clamp and they all fall back into the cage . Ray spit out two grenade pin out of he mouth . this be see by the soldier . soldier 2 everybody down !!! hardly anybody get down as the inside of the robot explode . we can see the robot explode on the inside . it break door and fluid star spilling out of it . the robot release it 's cage and they fall into a tree . split open . people promptly climb out . once the robot fall to the ground , Rachel look at Ray in a way that mean how do you do that . Boston City limit - freeway - Day Ray walk with Rachel down the road as soldier be ushere they to " keep move . " the crow be now eat the red plant which appear to be die rapidly . Ray pick up a piece , of dead plant . rachel what happen to it ? Ray crumple the plant in he hand . it turn to dust and blow away . ray it 's die . watch the dust , they walk along to find a robot lie half strike into a building . ray what happen ? soldier 3 I do not know , something 's happen to they . please keep move . Ray go up to another soldier for information . ray something 's happen to they ? soldier 4 go. go. just keep move , sir . Ray ask another soldier down the road for information . ray Excuse I , excuse I , what happen here ? you guy take it down ? soldier 5 no sir , it be behave erratically , walk in circle then it go down on it 's own about a hour ago . ( to people ) now let 's keep move , do not stop do not stop ! keep move ! Rachel and Ray be walk down the road with soldier and other people . rachel how be it dead all by it 's self ? ray Rachel , I be not sure . see another robot , one soldier motion to get into the water tunnel . other soldier make signal to get set up for defense if necessary . everyone get into the tunnel . a soldier can be hear tell everyone " calm down and get in the tunnel " . Ray notice that bird be fly over and landing on the robot . the robot 's shield be down . as he go to tell someone , the robot make the viberate sound . ray ( to a soldier , during the robot noise ) look at the bird !!! soldier 6 I can't hear you !!! ray look at the bird !!! soldier 6 I can't hear you !! ray ( louder ) look at the GOD damn bird !!! the soldier look at they and do not get what Ray 's get at . he look back at Ray . the noise continue erratically as if the robot be fight to stay alive . ray no shield !!! soldier 6 ( motion and say ) I can't hear you !!! ray ( point ) no shield !!! soldier 6 ( now get it ) ( to the soldier ) the javelin' the key ! load the gustav , it's gonna be a tough kill !!! let' go !!! Ray get in the tunnel as all the soldier come run out . ray ( to the people in the tunnel and Rachel ) it 's safer in here ! soldier 6 lets go !!! brign out the javelin !!! Soldiers scurry to get set up and they hurriedly fire missile at the robot . the first missile hit 's the grab claw and knock they off . a few more shot and the robot collapse into a nearby factory . the factory explode and the robot grind to a halt on the ground . they check it to be clear as a alien fall out of the door . it quickly die on site . soldier 6 it's clear ! we watch the alien turn to stone as it die . Boston - walk down Street near Mary Ann 's mother 's house - Day Mary Ann walk up to the front door and see Ray walk down the street with Rachel in he arm . she flutter open the door and she and Rachel run towards each other on the street . Mary Ann begin cry . rachel mom !!! they hug each other cry . Mary Ann look at Ray who be still stand in the middle of the street . mary ann ( just barely hearable ) thank you . Mary Ann 's parent come out of the door . the mother have a shocked look on she face . Tim be behind they . Ray 's eye and face perk up as we see robbie come down the front step towards he . rachel Robbie ? Ray and Robbie take a good look at each other and Robbie finally mutter with a dry throat . robbie hey dad ! they hug each other in thankfulness for each other 's survival . screenshot of a germ in a water droplet on a bud on a tree narrator from the moment the invader arrive , breathe we air , eat and drank , they be doom . they be undone , destroy , after all of man 's weapon and device have fail , by the tiniest creature that God and he wisdom , put upon this earth . at the toll of a billion death , man have earn he immunity , be right to survive among this planet 's infinite organism . and that right be ours against all challenge , for man do not live nor die in vein . fade out to black the end Roll credit