war for the planet of the ape written by Mark bomback & Matt reeves base on character created by Rick jaffa & amanda Silver twentieth century fox final shoot script 10201 W. pico Blvd. november 30 , 2015 Los Angeles , CA 90064 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2015 twentieth century fox film corporation . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . black screen primitive war drum pound ominously ... as a legend begins : Fifteen year ago , a scientific experiment go wrong give rise toa species of intelligent ape ... and destroy most of humanity with a virus that become know as the simian flu . the word '' rise '' linger , move toward we as it fade ... with the dawn of a new ape civilization lead by caesar , the survive human struggle to coexist ... but fight finally break out when a rebel ape , koba , lead a vengeful attack against the human . the word '' dawn '' linger , move toward we as it fade ... the human send a distress call to a military base in the North where all that remain of the U.S. Army be gather . a ruthless special force Colonel and he harden battalion be dispatch to exterminate the ape . evading capture for the last two year , caesar be now rumor to be marshal the fight from a hide command base in the wood ... as the war rage on ... the word '' war '' linger , move toward we ... turning red as the rest of the title fade up and the drum abruptly stop : war for the planet of the ape we hear sound of nature . then the quiet snapping of twig . boot crunching stealthily through grass . hushed breathing . hard CUT to : tight creeping steadicam behind the helmet of human soldier scrawle on the helmet close to we be the word '' monkey killer . '' other pass through frame : '' bedtime for bonzo , '' '' endangered species '' ... the soldier climb slowly up -- a steep , densely wooded hill the troops wear threadbare camo fatigue , dark camo paint on they face ; each bear the hand - draw insignia '' aq '' on they body : some on they uniform , some tattooe on they arm . many carry gun , other military -grade crossbow . one of the man come to a halt , quickly whisper : soldier ! Captain . ( continued ) continued : the captain hold up a hand , signal the unit to stop . he join the soldier , who point up ahead . the Captain peer through he gun site to see -- three ape and there horse up on a ridge 100 yard away . two of the ape stand guard furtively , one clutching a spear , the other a automatic rifle -- while the third water the horse at a stream . the Captain line up he cross-hair ... when another soldier creep right up behind he , reach for he ... but _as_ the hand lift into frame , we see -- it 's a ape hand ... the ape hand grab the Captain 's shoulder ; startle , he quickly turn -- and the ape soldier ( red ) point up to -- the canopy of tree overhead -- where another helmete ape crouch , hide , look down at they -- the ape in the tree point toward the ridge ... the Captain follow the gesture to a long , low trench wall of log and stone , disguise behind leave and branch . Captain turn back to Red , nod ; whisper into he headset : captain echo two -six to command . Colonel , we have eye on three Kong in the north wood . a couple of we donkey think there be other here too ... maybe this be it , maybe the base be near . ( listen carefully ) yes sir ... yes sir , copy . over . he click off , quickly wave up more soldier from the rear . they begin pull weapon and ammo from heavy rucksack that Red and two other ape soldier carry on they back . the ape seem subservient , treat as no more than pack -mule . captain ( cont 'd ) you ! over here ! a ape scurries over ; the Captain pull out a grenade launcher -- turn to the man : captain ( cont 'd ) preacher ... preacher , a fresh - face grunt still in he teens , crawl up nervously with he crossbow ; the Captain point at the three ape up on the ridge : ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) captain ( cont 'd ) the one with the gun ... preacher nods as the Captain ready he own weapon , lining up on the partially - hide trench wall . beside they , soldier be slide bayonet blade onto they rifle ... all eye on the Captain as he count down silently with he finger . '' 3 ... 2 ... 1 " -- -- and preacher fire a arrow into the ape with the gun ! the other two ape be just start to react -- when the Captain send two grenade scream across the wood ... blasting OPEN the trench wall -- -- and suddenly score of stunned ape begin chaotically falling out from the trench behind it ! they tumble off - balance , drop weapon ( gun , spear , bow & arrow ) as -- the human OPEN FIRE , pick they off in a hail of bullet , arrow , and grenade . the two ape by the stream jump on they horse , start to flee , when a sniper take one out ! but the ape with the spear manage to escape , screeching in warning as he disappear into the distance . the Captain turn to preacher and the other man , wave they on -- we can not even hear he voice over the din of battle : captain ( cont 'd ) ( come on !!) the human charge up the hill , continue they assault -- CUT to : the ape with spear on horseback racing through the wood hoove pound dirt ! spear drive he horse faster and faster . he cry out again in warning , he screech echoing through the tree -- back to : the battle on the hill the ape desperately return fire as they begin retreat , more and more ape cut down by the relentless human onslaught -- CUT to : spear on he horse still screeching as he tear through the wood -- when suddenly he hear a rise chorus of screeching in response . he pull he horse to a abrupt stop , see ... a battalion of ape on horseback appear through the tree . with a final war cry spear spin he horse , the ape flooding at he , as he lead the charge back toward the battle -- CUT to : the battle on the hill preacher ( the fresh - face grunt ) frantically fire more shot from he crossbow -- when he see he hip - quiver be out of arrow , shout to Red over the noise : preacher reload ! Red quadruped over , and preacher start fishing out another fully - load quiver from he rucksack ... slow zoom in on red as he coldly watch the ape massacre . preacher finish strapping on the quiver , about to re-enter the fray -- when he -- and Red -- both look up to see -- a trio of spiralling smoke trail hissing balletically through the air from high above ! the trail smack the ground and start to tumble , spew thick smoke everywhere ! alarm , preacher peer up at the SOUND of horse ; we see -- the ape cavalry arriving on the topmost ridge the rider swing primitive smoke bomb in the air , launching they from they sling -- and a second wave of smoke trail hit the ground -- on he horse , spear screech to the tide of retreate ape around he -- he raise he weapon , rallying they to stop and join he in a counter - assault -- down below preacher and the other human soldier be catch in a dense sea of smoke , gasp , scramble blindly , unable to see more than a foot in front of they face -- when torrent of whizzing spear and arrow start to rain down from above ! ( continued ) continued : preacher recoil in horror as smoke - shroud silhouettes of soldier drop around he , they scream come from all side amidst the whoosh , whoosh , whoosh of spear and arrow -- it 's like a hallucinatory nightmare ... a disembody scream come from somewhere in the fog -- agonized voice retreat !!! preacher dive to he stomach , claw for cover -- he tumble violently down into a ditch . he try to catch he breath -- turn to find himself face to face with the body of fall soldier . one be the Captain . the roar of approaching ape grow louder and louder ... panicked , preacher clamber over the corpse , pull the Captain 's headset off , click it on with tremble hand : preacher Colonel -- Colonel , do you copy ?! a excruciate beat ... then a crackle of static ... finally a voice -- something almost chill about how calm it be : the colonel ( v.o. ) who be this ? preacher preacher -- it 's preacher , sir -- ! the colonel ( v.o. ) where be you , soldier ? I need you position . preacher I do not know -- ! the colonel ( v.o. ) ( unfaze ) what do you see ? preacher I can not see anything ! we lose a lot of man , sir -- the captain be dead ! the colonel ( v.o. ) you be in command now . preacher Command , sir ? I think it 's just I by myself now ! ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) the colonel ( v.o . ) by yourself ? the ape noise be terrifyingly close now -- preacher Sir , I do not think I be gonna make it ...! I be sorry -- I be so sorry ! the colonel ( v.o . ) ( silence , solemnly ) I understand , soldier . just kill as many as you can . and before preacher can reply , he peer up to see ape warrior converge around the edge of the ditch , glaring down at he . preacher freeze , brace for death , and we -- CUT to : a tracking Pov shot - moment later the battle 's grim aftermath , a almost surreal vision of the ravage of war . ape scavenge for weapon , stripping gun and ammunition off the body of fall human soldier ... we continue moving toward a trench , where ape body be be lift out and score of wounded attend to ... as we get closer , ape in the recess below look slowly up at we with reverence ... we move down into the trench , more and more ape reacting , nudging each other , alert everyone to we arrival , even the injure raise they head ... reveal caesar as he stride through the trench ; the Pov be he . he look older now , but even more impose . his harden expression reveal nothing ... but in he eye we see deep pain , as he take in the terrible loss and suffer ... he 's trail by two gorillas , flanking he on either side : he grizzle lieutenant luca and a young , smaller albino ( winter ) , who look overwhelm by the carnage around they ... the three of they finally arrive at a area under earth cover , where they find a group of human soldier on they knee , helmet lower , hand bound behind they back . spear and other ape warrior stand guard . see caesar , spear supplicate deferentially . caesar turn to the prisoner as they lift they frighten eye to he . we see preacher among they . ( continued ) continued : but one soldier 's helmet be still lower . spear reach down and yank the helmet off -- revealing Red . Red defiantly avoid caesar 's gaze . spear toss the helmet to caesar . caesar examine it , see the hand - draw '' aq . '' he look at the other soldier , notice the same symbol crudely tattooe on one of the soldier 's arm , see it scrawle on some of the uniform . his eye find it again on the front of preacher 's helmet . preacher ( mervous , quiet ) ..- it 's ... Alpha omega . caesar just stare ; then lang , a lean female soldier , '' aq '' tattooe on she neck , speak , quiet defiance under she fear : lang means we be the beginning and end . humanity 's survival depend on we . just then , the ape around caesar turn , reacting to the arrival of -- maurice , the orangutan . like caesar , he 's older ; there 's a weariness in he eye that suggest the war have take a toll on he gentle spirit . caesar turn to he old friend . maurice ( sign gravely ) [ twenty - two dead . many more injure . ] caesar glower at the soldier . we see preacher still stare up at he ... finally get up the courage to utter : preacher you be he ... you be caesar . caesar 's eye go to preacher , catch off guard . preacher ( cont 'd ) we have be look for you for so long . we hear you have a hide command base , but we could never find it . some of we be start to think you might be dead . but Colonel McCullough say no , you be out here somewhere ... caesar do not respond , just keep glaring at the soldier . another soldier ( travis ) speak up -- nerve fray : travis just kill we already ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) lang shut up , man -- travis what ? they be animal , he 's gonna slaughter we -- caesar slowly step toward he ... Travis fall silent . and _ at last caesar speak , a dark edge in he voice : caesar I ... do not start this war . the human all hold they breath , gape up at he . caesar ( cont 'd ) the ape who do ... be dead . his name be koba . I kill he . ( then , harder ) I only fight now ... to protect ape . travis ( steeling himself ) yeah ? what about he ? ( glance at Red ) and we get ten more just like he . caesar I know this ape . they follow koba ... ( look Red dead in the eye ) they try to kill I . they fear what I will do to they . they believe I can not forgive . so now they serve you ... just to survive . Red glare up at caesar -- and for the first time he unexpectedly speak in primitive , bastardized language : red I no fear you ! you must fear ! how long you think wood can protect you ? human destroy you . they kerna have all power . human follow all he say . to they , he more than just human . he everything . he look over the ape , who seem chill ... he eye boring into Winter 's ; the young gorilla be unnerve -- red ( cont 'd ) he say : first caesar die ... then you all die . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) spear erupt , hurl Red to the ground -- when caesar put a hand up . spear restrain himself , eye still blaze . caesar look to Luca , then sign : caesar [ get he out of here . ] Luca turn to Winter . Winter gather himself , then drag a resisting Red away . the human watch , fearful ... then turn to caesar , await they fate ... Luca sign , ominously : luca [ what should we do with they ? ] CUT to : bound human wrist , as ape hand cinch a knot tight -— — reveal preacher , lang , travis , and the other two soldier on a pair of horse , they hand now tied to the rein . ape on the ground surround they . preacher look at caesar . preacher you be let we live ...? caesar tell you Colonel ... you have see I now . and I have a message for he : this fight can stop . leave we the wood . and no more human will die . the soldier look at he , fear and defiance in they eye . caesar nod to Luca -- who swat the horse 's hindquarters , send they on they way . the stunne human peer back at the ape as the horse carry they off . tight on caesar and luca as maurice step up beside they , and they watch the human go . finally , maurice turn to caesar : maurice [ do you really think they 's 1l give he the message ? ] caesar they be the message . I show they mercy . he will see we be not savage . ( then ) let 's hope this work . they be get closer ... just then shrieking be hear -- they turn to see -- ( continued ) 10 . continued : a commotion among the ape by the trenches below . ape start to swarm up toward they . as they near , a distraught Winter be reveal in they midst , clutching he head , bleeding -- alarm , Luca move for he -- caesar watch , concerned , as Winter lift he head , sign to Luca , humiliate and upset : winter [ Red attack I ! he get away ! ] Winter turn to caesar , too ashamed to hold he gaze . winter ( cont 'd ) [ I be sorry ...] caesar say nothing , take in the troubling news ; we CUT to : ext . wood - epic wide shot - late afternoon the procession of ape warrior head through the wood , lead by caesar on horseback . the able march with the injure , help they keep up ; the dead be carry on the back of horse . a low roar build as we CUT to -- a imposing waterfall rushing down sheer rock - face in a area nestle deep in the wood . the ape have stop to gather along the river at the base of the fall . shroud ape body be release into the river . caesar and maurice sit side by side , apart from the other -- caesar , troubled : caesar why do not I see , maurice ? maurice turn to caesar . maurice [ see what ? ] caesar that koba could not forgive what human do to he when he be they prisoner . that he would seek revenge . I should have know . maurice [ no one could have know how much darkness be live inside of he . a sudden high - pitched alert ring out , almost like a bugle . they quickly look up to -- ( continued ) 11 . continued : the treeline above where we discover they be far from alone , the tree come to life as ape emerge everywhere ! hundred conceal in camouflaged guard structure in tree and all around the fall . a lone ape blow into a ram 's horn , as other communicate to the ape below that someone be come ...! the ape on the ground seize they weapon , stand at the ready , tension building to a fever - pitch when -- a SMALL group of horse appear through the tree ... caesar 's intense expression suddenly change , swell with emotion as he see -- blue eye , rocket , and two other ape arrive . they look weary , cake with dust , they horse laden with enough gear to suggest they have be on a long journey . as they dismount , caesar and a group of other move quickly to greet they . caesar stand before Blue eye , the two of they just look at each other , overcome . everyone watch , give they they space , when finally Blue eye sign : blue eye ( hello , Father ... ] a huge smile spread across caesar 's face and he embrace he son . the crowd celebrate , rush in to join the reunion . caesar turn to rocket , the two happy to see each other -- caesar welcome home , rocket. ( grin at rocket ) you look tired . rocket [ it be a long journey -- ] blue eye ( cut in , excited ) [ Father , we find something ! ] caesar look at he , immediately hopeful . caesar come inside ! they all start toward the waterfall -- as we CUT to -- 12 . the back side of the waterfall daylight play through the enormous wall of rushing water , as the silhouettes of caesar _and the ape appear in front of it , enter around the edge of the fall . they continue into the cavernous recess as we CUT to reveal we be inside -- a hidden fortress like a primitive castle build into the cave , completely conceal behind the waterfall and surround rock . a flood of child converge around they as they mother run after they , try to maintain a little order . Blue eye look through the crowd , spot cornelia rush toward he , beam -- he beam back -- blue eye ( mother ...! -- she pull he into a emotional hug . they both look down , notice a toddler ( cornelius ) hide shyly behind she leg . cornelia [ cornelius , do not you recognize you brother ? ] Blue eye crouch down , stroke he head . Cornelia grin : cornelia ( cont 'd ) [ someone else miss you too ... ] Blue eye turn , rise to see -- a young , female ape around Blue eye 's age ( lake ) stand right behind he . Blue eye be strike at the very sight of she . she smile uncertainly as he take she hand , and they tenderly press they forehead together . int . hidden fortress - council room - short time later caesar 's symbol carve into the stone floor ; around the symbol sit caesar and Cornelia , Blue eye , Lake , rocket , maurice , Luca , Winter and other council member . a map be laid out on the floor ; cornelius press he face close , watch Blue eye 's finger as it point to one spot in particular : blue eye ( passionately , to caesar ) [ this be it , Father . we can start over . a new home . ] ( continued ) 13 . continued : Cornelia scoops cornelius into she lap , gently pull he away from the map -- she look at Blue eye , intrigue , point : cornelia [ what be beyond that mountain , son ? ] Blue eye pick up a pouch beside he and dig he hand in , remove a fistful of sand ; he spill it out dramatically -- blue eye [ a desert , rocket and I have to cross it too . the journey be long , but that be why human will not find we . ] Cornelia smile , nodd -- she and caesar exchange a proud look -- when Winter cut in anxiously : winter [ we must leave tonight ! ] lake [ tonight ? that 's impossible ! ] winter [ how much longer can we wait ? Soldiers be get closer ! ] blue eye ( touch Winter 's arm ) [ Winter ...] Winter shrug he off -- Luca and the other all erupt angrily at Winter -- caesar stand imposingly . Winter immediately lower he head , afraid ; then , to caesar : winter [ you son 's be go , he do not know how hard it 's be ! ] blue eye [ I know you be scared , we all be , but we be still plan ...] caesar yes ... we must still find a way to get out of the wood safely . everyone look at caesar as he sit . caesar ( cont 'd ) there be two of you . but we be many . ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 2 ) maurice ( concur ) [ the wood be fill with soldier . ] everyone fall silent . Blue eye meet caesar 's gaze : blue eye Father ... we must try . caesar look at he son , emotional : caesar I know , son . ( he turn to the other ) more ape die everyday . and we cannot hide here much longer . caesar look back down at the map , deep in think ; then feel the anxious stare of the ape around he . he look at they , try to reassure , though he be still uncertain himself : caesar ( cont 'd ) we will find a way out ... he raise he fist and bring they together , solemn : caesar ( cont 'd ) ape together strong . they return the gesture , nodd faithfully at they leader . int . hidden fortress - caesar 's dwelling - night a small cave in the upper level of the fortress , enclose on one side by the roaring fall . caesar sit up , awake , as he family sleep around he . Troubled , he study Blue eye 's map in he lap -- when suddenly he feel something ... caesar look down to see cornelius instinctively hugging he leg as he rest , nuzzle beside he mother . caesar gaze down protectively at he little one , stroke he head , then turn to look back at the map -- when he notice Blue eye stare up at he through heavy lidd eye . blue eye [ can not sleep ? ] caesar shake he head , he worried gaze return to the map . finally , Blue eye reach out and touch he father 's arm ; caesar turn . ( continued ) 15 . continued : blue eye ( cont 'd ) [ trust I , father . this be a risk worth take . ] move , caesar nod ; he reach out and gratefully caress he son 's face , then sign , smile : caesar [ I be so proud of you . ] ( then ) [ I love you , son . ] -- when suddenly a shimmering GREEN light wash briefly over both they face ... startle , caesar look up at the fall to see -- -- three shape distort surreally in the water , each haloed in green light as they descend rapidly from view . unnerve , caesar sit up , unsure of what he 's just see . Blue eye watch as he father approach the fall warily , move in very close ... when caesar see a strange thin line , whipping about in the current ...? he reach toward the line , mystify -- then plunge he arm deep in the water , grasp for it -- -- he pull the line toward he ... revealing a taut section of red nylon climbing rope , strain against the current ... alarm , caesar immediately turn back to Blue eye and sign , urgent : caesar ( cont 'd ) [ stay here . protect you mother and brother . ] Blue eye nod with grow concern as caesar head out -- int . dark catacomb - night we hear the incessant , ominous roar of the waterfall as three figure enter the rock corridor , shroud in darkness ... the sweeping , green beam of three rifleas laser site blink on , one by one , as the figure sneak forward through mist . at a fork in the catacomb , one silently signal for the other to go one way ; he go the other ... 16 . in another dark catacomb caesar creep cautiously down the narrow , wind passage , pick up speed ... he hug the wall , round a bend -- -- when he come face - to- face with a hulking figure ! caesar leap back , startle -- then find it 's Luca . stand guard with a rifle , the gorilla look surprised to see caesar : luca ( sorry , caesar . ] caesar [ how many other on patrol ? ] luca [ five ? six --? ] caesar [ get they ! rocket too ! ] CUT to : blue eye crouched behind rock in the family dwelling . he gesture protectively to Cornelia and the toddler to stay behind he as he anxiously stare at -- a GREEN laser beam slowly approach in the dark rock corridor just outside they cave ... a hushed voice : female soldier lima- two to command . Colonel , intel 's good . I be in the target area . be you close ? Blue eye tighten he grip on a spear in he hand ... hold on he , as he wait , coiled to pounce -- the green glow of the beam spill into the cave , sweeping its interior , get closer , closer -- when -- Blue eye spring forward ! stay on a terrify Cornelia and the toddler as we hear a sudden violent scuffle , chaotic flash of green illuminate Cornelia 's horrify reaction ! the space finally go quiet , and we -- CUT wide to see blue eye in profile , stand over the body of the intruder ; it 's lang , the tattooe female soldier , she rifle on the floor a few foot away . Blue eye clutches he spear , catch he breath -- when -- ( continued ) 17 . continued : a second out of focus figure creep silently into the f.g.... Blue eye unaware as another green beam quickly move up he body , finally come to rest on the back of he head ... int . dark , narrow catacomb - moving shot - simultaneous yet another beam scan the pitch black passage as a figure move stealthily toward we . he whisper into he headset : soldier lima-four to command . Colonel , do you get he --? -- when suddenly a shape tackle he from behind -- smashing the soldier against the wall like a rag doll -- silenced muzzle flash strobing as the soldier involuntarily pull the trigger ! the space go black again as the soldier be drop in a heap . a silent beat . then , approach torchlight flicker on the wall ... revealing the shape to be rocket ; he reach down and grimly retrieve the gun from the dead soldier on the ground . rocket look up as caesar and Luca arrive with the torch . caesar rocket ! what happen ?! rocket sign urgently to caesar -- point to the body : rocket [ I hear he talk ! the Colonel be here ! ] caesar 's eye go wide -- he take the torch from Luca , move down close to look at the body ... immediately recognize travis , the defiant soldier whose life he spare . suddenly , a eerie crackle come back over Travis 's headset : the colonel ( v.0 . ) 99 , target acquire !... caesar pick up the dislodge headset , raise it to he ear -- the colonel ( v.o . ) ...- repeat , target be down ! I get he . let 's go ! I can get out from here ! caesar 's face go ashen as horror dawns ... smash to : 18. a human hand fishing out the red nylon climb rope from the waterfall ... it start to clip the rope to a anchor on a belt -- smash to : caesar bounding full -tilt through the corridor , faster , faster -- until he burst into he family dwelling panicked , heart -race , caesar 's eye find -- colonel J. wesley mccullough silhouett by the waterfall as he finish secure the rope to he belt . he turn to face we -- and caesar -- for the very first time : a strike , nightmarish image -- he face cover in shock of dark camo grease , head completely shave , a full unruly beard , wild eye just visible behind graduate aviator sunglass . his presence be chill . the Colonel 's eye blaze , stunne at the sight of caesar . confused , he gaze flit to something on the floor -- caesar follow he stare to discover -- blue eye , lifeless on the ground , cornelia dead beside he . tight on caesar as time seem to stop -- he 's reeling , he entire world crash in -- he eye lift to the Colonel , a wave of rage rush over he -- when -- the colonel quickly swing he gun off he shoulder -- caesar dodge for cover behind the rock -- as -- the Colonel fire -- from the corridor we hear the furious roar of incoming ape -- the Colonel yell into he headset , back toward the fall : the colonel get I out ! now !! then he turn -- and leap straight through the waterfall ! caesar raise he head just in time to see -- ( continued ) 19 . continued : the colonel , barely discernible through the rush water , clutching the swinging rope -- as he’s pulled upward ! ape spill into the cave as caesar , desperate with rage , jump to he foot , charge after the Colonel -- the ape watch in shock as -- caesar lunge into the fall too -- ! ext . waterfall - continuous caesar crash through the water , hand flail for -- the rope ! he grab at it -- it careen wildly ! caesar hold on tight , look up to see -- the colonel high above -- cling to the suddenly jerk line -- he look down to see caesar start to climb up furiously after he ... the Colonel , unfaze , seize a knife from he boot as -- caesar close in , climb , about to reach he -- when -- the colonel cut the line -- and -- caesar plummet -- down , down , down -- into the river below ! a excruciate beat -- then caesar spring up from the water , gasp , enraged -- he peer up in agony to see -- the colonel disappear over the top of the cliff ! int . caesar' family dwelling - later close on Cornelia and Blue eye , as they lifeless body be lift from the rock floor ... reveal caesar watch silently , lose in he own world ; still wet , he remain completely motionless , consume with rage , pain . beside he , rocket , Luca and maurice watch , shake , as the body be carry away . just then spear push through , report to Luca : spear [ Luca ! we can not find Winter . he be not at he post . ] Luca and maurice suddenly exchange a worried look -- maurice [ he be scared . could he have turn against we ? ] ( continued ) 20 . continued : he look to rocket as well -- but rocket 's gaze be now fix elsewhere . maurice and the other all turn to see -- caesar have be follow they conversation . finally , Luca sign , wrack with guilt : luca ( caesar ... I think Winter betrayed we . I be sorry . he be in my command . ] caesar remain silent ; then : caesar my youngest son ... have you find he yet ? luca [ we be still look . ] maurice turn to the other : maurice [ let 's help they search . ] everyone nod , follow maurice 's lead as they shuffle out , give caesar some much - need space ... finally -- caesar be alone . his eye move to where he find Blue eye and Cornelia ; there be blood on the floor . he step closer , in a trance ; see -- two brass bullet casing on the ground . caesar crouch , he expression intensify as he reach for the spend casing -- -- when he hear a noise behind he -- on a hair-trigger , caesar seize the spear , raise it furiously -- so grip by animalistic rage that it take a moment to realize -- it 's he toddler son , peek out from hide in the rock ; cornelius peer up in terror at he father , shrink back . caesar return to he sense , lower the spear ... then , soften , he bend to the toddler and extend a hand ... but cornelius be still too frighten to approach , he eye fix on the spear in caesar 's grasp . ashame , caesar set the spear on the ground , then hold both arm out to he son . caesar cornelius ... you be safe now , son . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) the child finally come , reluctantly ... caesar , grow emotional , pull he into a powerful embrace . we hold tight on caesar , pain etched deeply on he face ... CUT to : ext . riverbank at the base of the waterfall - day the entire ape community be here , urgently load up they horse , prepare for the imminent exodus . head turn as --- caesar make he way through the crowd ; clutching a rifle in one hand and hold he little son 's hand in the other , gaze fix ahead as he cross to -- lake , who stand by she horse , surround by maurice , Luca , and rocket on theirs . caesar look at Lake . he seem stoic , but he eye belie heartbreak , and something deeper ... tremendous rage : caesar you love my son . look after he brother until I return . lake ( stunne ) [ you be not come with we ? ] caesar no . caesar crouch down to cornelius , caress he little son one last time , then guide he to Lake . angle on rocket and Luca ; they exchange a look , shocked . maurice loom behind they on horseback , watch it all too : maurice [ caesar ! you be not go after they ?! ] caesar not they ... him. maurice ( caesar , you be we leader ! we can not leave without you ! ] caesar you must . the soldier will be back soon . ( continued ) 22 . continued : caesar look for one last time at he son -- cornelius cry out as Lake try to comfort he -- cornelius ( Father ! ] but caesar remain unrelent , already completely consume by he dark , vengeful quest as he start to head off : caesar ( to the ape around he ) when I find he , the soldier will all come after I . that may give you the best chance to get out of the wood . until then , be safe . and with that he move straight for he horse . as the reality that they leader be leave they set in , the ape community begin to react in anxious protest -- shockwave of hoot rise as caesar mount he horse . on maurice , rocket and luca watch caesar amidst the grow turmoil -- they stare after he in total disbelief ... ext . wide shot on the ape exodus - wood - day a seemingly endless line of ape refugee . spear lead the procession ; armed ape in warpaint guard the group , parent protectively clutching they child , other help the injure along -- as they set off uncertainly for the perilous journey ahead ... ext . wood - day caesar ride alone , rifle in hand , the sound of the ape exodus now barely audible in the distance . suddenly , he hear rustling behind he . he turn , stop , alert . as the sound get closer , we recognize the clop of hoove -- then -- maurice , rocket , and luca appear , riding out of the tree . they come to a halt , eye on caesar . caesar return a hard look , shake he head . but Luca be undeterred : luca [ the soldier 's camp be always move . my guard think they know where it be . let I take you . ] rocket [ you 'il need I to back you up . ] rocket reveal a rifle in he hand . but caesar remain firm : ( continued ) 23 . continued : caesar no. rocket [ please ... I know what it 's like ... to lose a son . ] that strike a chord ; caesar look at he , affect ... caesar I might not make it back . maurice [ that 's why I be come . to make sure you do . ] caesar look at he three friend , move , tear ... CUT to : a moving shot - caesar , maurice , rocket and luca Riding silently through wood , close together . a posse . hold on this iconic image of the foursome ; then CUT to -- ext . lower wood - seaside cliff - later the posse make they descent , when they see -- smoke rise from a old shack across the way . they look at each other , slow ... luca [ this be where the guard think they might be . there be always fire burn . ] CUT to : handheld shot - peeking through the tree as we move closer , we discover we be at the edge of -- a deserted r.v. park Old camper line up , long-since abandon . smoke billow from a weathered stovepipe poke through the window of a rusted - out airstream trailer . the only sign of life . ( continued ) 24 . continued : reverse on caesar , maurice , rocket and luca spying through the tree on foot , look apprehensive . they exchange uncertain look -- could this be the base camp ? they creep out of the tree for a closer look -- when -- a lone man carry firewood emerge from the forest . he 's mid -40s , dirty , unshaven . see the ape , he stop in he track . they all stare , a silent stand - off ... then , very , very slowly , he start to lower he pile of wood : man I be just gonna ... put this down -- he drop the wood suddenly , revealing a rifle strapped to he shoulder -- he whip it around -- and fire ! the shot just miss maurice , when -- bang ! the man drop dead . stun , the ape turn to see -- caesar clutching he smoking gun , stare distantly at the man he 's just kill . the other regard caesar 's grim , steady presence , a bit in shock at he seem lack of remorse ; a look in he eye suggest even he know something have break within he . a line have be cross . finally , caesar lower he rifle -- only now aware of they stare . he turn away , ignore they , step toward the man . the other join he , look down at the body . the tatter rag he wear be barely recognizable as the fatigue wear by the human soldier . '' aq '' be crudely tattooe on he arm . luca [ be he out here alone ? ] rocket [ maybe he 's a deserter ? ] caesar do not respond , eye on the dead man -- when a mute crash come from behind ; they all turn to the airstream ... CUT to : blackness suddenly a door be rip open , and light spill in ; we be -- int . rusted - out airstream - doorway - moment later the face of the ape slowly appear , gaze warily in at we ; caesar and rocket have they gun draw . ( continued ) 25 . continued : they stalk silently into the dim space , eye roam ... it 's long and narrow , line with rotted wood panell , pack and litter with improvise survivalist essential . we move with they as caesar lead the group through the claustrophobic interior , anxiously scan for any place a human might be hide ... move inexorably toward ... a close door at the far end of the trailer . the other exchange tense look as caesar ready he gun -- and smashes down the door ! on caesar , eye blaze , furiously training he gun as he see something ; he freeze , poise to kill , and we reveal -- a little girl cower like a frighten animal against the wall in a lower bunk bed . she look no more than 8 or 9 year old . a little waif - like figure , she unwash face be frame by wildly matte hair . she stare wide - eye up at -- caesar , gun still train on she , adrenaline coursing through he vein ... the face of the other ape appear behind he , shocked at what they see . finally , maurice reach over , place a hand on caesar 's gun , gently lower it . caesar return to he sense ... but still show no compassion for the human child . he turn away , to the other , gesture coldly at the trailer behind they : caesar look around . take what we can use . caesar step out past they ; rocket and Luca share a uneasy look , then follow . but maurice remain , eyeing the scared little girl with a mixture of curiosity and pity . he spot something on the floor by the bed , start to move toward it ... terrify , the girl scoot back against the wall , withdraw as far as she can . but maurice coo a comforting pant-hoot as he reach down to the floor and retrieve -- a crudely -made rag doll . he hold it out . she hesitates -- then quickly grab it and retreat to she corner , hugging it . maurice watch she , then raise he arm , reach for she . she freeze , nervous eye follow he enormous hand ... as he finger straighten ... and gently stroke the doll 's head . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 2 ) she blink up , study he , fear ebbing ; she open she mouth to speak , but no word come , just gentle , gasping grunt ... CUT to : a dusty compass in a batter old lockbox reveal luca pick it up , as he , caesar and rocket search the trailer . Luca see a pair of binoculars in the box ; he take they too , along with some flashlight . impatient , caesar look back , wonder where maurice be -- when maurice appear in the doorway , the girl visible behind he , stare out curiously . maurice sign to caesar : maurice [ something wrong with she . I do not think she can speak . ] caesar look coldly at the girl , then back to maurice : caesar come . ext . deserted r.v. park —- late afternoon caesar and rocket mount they horse as Luca arrive with the other . maurice be about to climb up when he notice -- the girl have follow they out . she wander toward the dead man , he gun still a few foot away . she stare at he , look lose , but not quite sad . instead she exhibit a strange , almost primitive fascination with he lifeless body . they all gaze at she , uncertain . maurice turn to caesar : maurice [ she 'il die out here alone . ] caesar look at she , a flash of pity in he eye ... but he push it away , turn to maurice , firm : caesar we can not take she . maurice consider this , nod . maurice [ I understand ...] ( then : ) ( but I can not leave she . ] caesar stare at he , frustrated ... 27 . ext . wood - dusk the posse on the move again . the girl ride behind maurice , arm around he , she cheek press into he furry back . caesar take in the sight , shoot maurice a hard look ... maurice return a assure nod : it 's 1ll be okay . just then , Luca grunt for they attention . they all turn to see cross up ahead on the side of the trail , crudely - bound branch stake into the ground . they approach warily , stop as they discover -- a large graveyard amidst the tree . a sea of cross , mark mound of dirt . they peer around , a bit unnerve : maurice [ must be where they bury the dead . ] rocket nod , when caesar suddenly notice the tree trunk be scar with bullet hole ... he glance at the ground , find scattered brass bullet casing ; perplex , he point : caesar look like some be kill here . they all look at the shot - up tree and casing , bewilder -- when Luca see a pile of ash and charree object -- blackened eyeglasses , belt buckle , dog tag -- luca [ they burn they thing too . ] maurice [ why would they kill they own man ? ] on caesar , mull the mystery -- when Luca let out another grunt ; they turn as he point through the tree at pinprick of FIRE light and tent in the distance . it 's the base camp . caesar tense in grim anticipation -- CUT to : a Pov through high - powered binoculars searching the field of tent in the blue twilight . we find a huge '' aq '' stencill on the side of one of they . re-focus on hand - painted signage beside it : '' that who forget the past be doom to repeat it . '' next to it : '' the only good Kong be a dead Kong . '' a eerie , almost cult - like atmosphere . 28 . reveal caesar crouch in brush , spying through the binocular scavenge from the airstream . Luca and rocket be press beside he . caesar 's Pov a pair of turncoat ape walk into view -- the binocular follow they as they cross to a area where large group of soldier be gather around camp fire ; as the ape begin dutifully pour drink into the human 's cup , one turn toward we -- we recognize he as red . the ape watch caesar peer ; when suddenly he expression harden . he slowly lower the glass , anger burn ... luca [ do you find the Colonel ...?] caesar just hand the binocular to Luca , who lift they -- luca 's Pov through binoculars beside Red , the other ape have turned toward US , serve the human ... as Luca focus , we recognize he , as caesar whisper he name ominously : caesar Winter ... ext . campfire - night we be inside the human camp now . Red and Winter quietly ladle stew from a bucket to Soldiers sit around the fire . a volatile soldier with torture eye ( boyle ) call out ina low , menace voice to Winter : boyle donkey . over here . Winter hesitates , flustered -- Red notice , immediately intercede , anxiously try to placate boyle -- red ok -- ok ... he come ... he nod at Winter to hurry over ; he do . boyle hold out he bowl . Winter take it , fill it quickly -- some stew spill on boyle 's boot -- boyle hey ! hey ! you stupid -- ! ( continued ) 29 . continued : whap ! as boyle kick the bowl right out of Winter 's hand -- and Winter react with a instinctive snarl ! boyle grab he gun , point it right at he . Winter freeze -- then : a voice ( 0.s. ) come on , boyle ... boyle turn to see preacher , the fresh - face kid , beside he . boyle shut up , preacher -- what be you , a donkey lover now ? I think you go soft cause that kong let you go . some of the soldier snicker . preacher back down , humiliate and angry . boyle level he gun at Winter again . boyle ( cont 'd ) get I a new bowl . Winter look nervously to Red . Red nod soberly : do it . int . darkened mobile kitchen tent - moment later Winter dig under a supply table for a new bowl . rising , he catch he reflection in a grimy mirror over a wash basin . he hesitates , maybe suffer a crisis of conscience -- when he see a reflected face lurking in the shadow behind he ! he spin to see caesar stand there , motionless , stare ... panicked , Winter turn for the exit -- but luca be there , block escape . turn the other way -- and there 's rocket . Winter 's eye widen as caesar take a slow step toward he ... caesar where be the Colonel ? Winter swallow , tremble as he lift he hand to sign : winter [ he 's go . ] caesar ( dubious , stalking closer ) ..- go ? Winter look at the other ape , see they close in too ... turn back to caesar , nervously explain : winter [ this morning . he take many soldier with he . ] ( continued ) 30 . continued : Luca and rocket exchange troubled glance ... but caesar 's eye remain fix on Winter as he continue he approach ... winter ( cont 'd ) [ Men be come down here -- from they base in the north . the Colonel and he soldier be go to meet they at the border . ] caesar what border ? why ? winter [ I do not know . but more of we be leave to join they in the morning . Red think they 's 11 all be come back here ... to help the Colonel finish off the ape for good . ] caesar finally stop , right in front of he . Winter plead : winter ( cont 'd ) ( please ... I know I betrayed you . but can not you see ? we will never beat they . I be just try to survive . Red tell I the human promise to spare we if we help . I beg you , forgive I ...] but caesar be unmove , barely stifling he rage ... caesar my son ... my wife ... be dead . just then -- we hear the laughter of human outside ; Winter turn , see shadow of soldier pass on the side of the tent -- he open he mouth to shriek to they -- but _a hand clamp over he mouth , as caesar wrestle he to the ground to silence he ! the other rush in , hold Winter down as he struggle violently , desperately try to shriek out -- the shadow of the soldier halt , they laughter subside as they head turn toward the muffle sound in the tent -- see this , caesar furiously tighten he grip around Winter 's neck -- but Winter will not stop , struggle even harder ! eye fix on the human shadow , caesar grip fiercely ... choke tighter and tighter ... ..+- until Winter finally relent . caesar watch the shadow , tense ... and at last , they move on . the ape exhale relief . Luca and rocket turn to caesar -- but they eye drift to Winter . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) caesar follow they look down to the young gorilla in he grasp ... and discover he have kill he . stun , he stare at Winter 's lifeless face ... then , slowly , look up again at Luca and rocket , grapple with what he 's do . they lower they eye . ext . dense wood - night tense silence . the ape and girl sit by a fire , isolate in the tree ; maurice study caesar 's face as he gaze into the flame , deeply unsettle . then maurice turn to the other , who look equally plague . finally , rocket turn to maurice : rocket [ Winter have it come ! ] maurice nod , uneasy ; Luca look up , convincing himself : luca [ caesar have no choice ! ] maurice [ so what do we do now ? ] rocket [ wait for the soldier to leave . follow they to the Colonel . ] maurice turn again to caesar , who be still in he own world , lift a gourd canteen to he lip . he take a drink ... when , out of the corner of he eye , he see the girl beside he , stare at he guilelessly . he look at she askance for a moment , deadpan , then hand she the gourd , and she guzzle thirstily . caesar watch -- -- when suddenly he eye shift , startle to discover a_dark figure on the other side of the fire ... alarm and bewilder , caesar peer through the flame ... amaze to see it 's a ape sit across from he , he head lower ominously . Fire dance on caesar 's pupil as he stare at the figure , haunt ... .»- when suddenly , the ape lift he face , grin at caesar through the distorting wave of heat -- caesar look haunt : caesar ... koba ? koba ape ... not kill ape ... 32 . tight on caesar snap awake with a start -- we be -- ext . wood - morning caesar catch he breath , lie disorient on the ground ... when he hear activity around he . he turn , find maurice stand over he -- he sign urgently : maurice [ the soldier be go ! ] caesar turn to see rocket and Luca twenty foot away , crouching anxiously behind the tree , peer into the distance -- we hear the approaching thunder of horse ... ext . edge of wood - mt. tamalpais - day a grand vista of mill Valley in the distance . a SMALL army of human on horseback descend on the hill below we ... when our posse arrive in the foreground . caesar look with determination down at the human as they recede ... he urge he horse forward ; the other follow ... and we dissolve to : ext . sierra mountain - day wind blast snow in all direction ... smash to : a whiteout we posse be no more than dim shape press blindly toward we , battle the element , lose ... tight on caesar 's eye squinting hard , fight to see ... he peer into the maelstrom spying -- brake light up ahead -- caesar [ be that they up ahead ? ] rocket ( tense ) [ look like they stop ! ] caesar urgently raise he hand to stop he posse -- ( continued ) 33 . continued : caesar [ do not let they see we ! ] he be already off he horse -- when distant gun blast echo through the air ! they all rush to the side of the road , huddle together -- as more shot ring out up ahead -- rocket ( to caesar ) [ what be they shoot at ?!] caesar I do not know ... CUT to : a silent , utterly still , snow - cover trail - later the blizzard have stop . with a soft crunch of snow , we see we posse ride cautiously into view , eye anxiously scan the trail for the presence of the human ... rocket sign cautiously to the group -- rocket [ they be go ...] as he approach , caesar see something -- he stop he horse : caesar ( unnerve ) what be that ...? as caesar and the other dismount , reveal SMALL wooden X on the side of the road ; they move toward the xs to discover -- three body draped in snow . maurice tuck the girl protectively behind he , as caesar reach down and brushes snow off they ... revealing three alpha omega soldier , bullet wound in they back , hood over head , execution - style . caesar pull one of the hood off -- the soldier be a woman ; she eye be open , lifeless , dry blood under she nostril . rocket pull off another hood ... a lanky , young , male soldier , eye shut . he too have dry blood under he nose . rocket inch closer to look at he face -- when the soldier' eye SNAP OPEN -- he gasp at the sight of they ! the ape be startle as the panicked soldier begin frantically scramble away -- caesar move after he -- place a hand firmly on he leg -- ( continued ) 34 . continued : caesar ( cont 'd ) why ... do they shoot you ? he just stare back , blink without understanding -- when he notice the girl , stare at he from behind maurice . the two_lock eye warily , like creature in the wild . and then the soldier open he mouth as if try to speak ... but make no sound , only gasping grunt , just like the girl 's ... maurice ( strike ; to caesar ) [ he can not speak either ...?] the ape all exchange look ; caesar turn to rocket : caesar help I get he up ... rocket reach down toward the soldier -- but the soldier freak , wide eye darting ferally , wildly scramble on he back to get away from they -- caesar move toward he , try to calm he -- but it only spook he more -- he roll on to he knee and take off running ... the ape watch , stunne , as he disappear into the wood . finally , caesar turn back , look at the body again ... and then the girl . maurice catch he eye : maurice [ what be wrong with they ...?] caesar just shake he head : I do not know ... and we CUT to : atop a tall radio tower - late afternoon caesar , maurice , rocket , and Luca urgently climb into view as snow swirl around they ; cold , out of breath , they anxiously scan the colossal Sierra snowscape , stretch out endlessly around they -- maurice ( where could they have go ?!] caesar Winter say they be head to a border ...! luca [ yes , but which way be that ?!] 35 . on the ground the girl sit on maurice 's horse , craning she neck all the way back to stare up at the ape high above ; as she glance back down to play with the rag doll in she hand -- a out of focus figure in a GREEN parka silently pass behind she ... close on dark , weathered snow boot creep up and stop next to the leg of one of the horse -- we watch the back of the figure 's head , cover beneath the fur - line hood of the bulky parka , as he unseen hand rummage stealthily through a saddle - bag . his breath steam quietly around he . he freeze as a flashlight drop into the snow by he boot -- but the girl remain focus on she doll , unaware . the figure resume rummage , finally pause as we briefly glimpse the barrel of a shotgun he have just find -- up in the tree top a nervous snort come from one of the horse below -- the ape turn to see the tiny figure in the bulky parka far below digging in the saddle bag ; Luca let out _a terrifying roar -- the girl finally look up , startle , as -- -- the figure panic , jumping on the horse , and taking off ! caesar and he posse scramble down from the tree -- mount they horse -- smash to : the posse giving chase through the snowy wood galloping through the treacherous obstacle course of tree -- the tiny figure in the parka dart in and out of view -- the ape be start to gain on he , when he break out of the wood and up onto -- a massive snow -covered slope we watch from high above as he horse charge the incline , kicking powder into the AIR -- the ape 's horse burst out of the wood after he -- all of they just tiny dot climb the stark white landscape ... ( continued ) 36 . continued : from this vantage we can now see the toppled cable and dilapidated gondolas that tell we this be once a ski area -- the ape again begin to close the gap -- close on caesar charging hard , eye fix on -- the dim figure up ahead of he -- when suddenly -- blam ! -- a flash of gunfire erupt from atop the figure 's horse -- caesar and the other duck as -- ching ! -- the blast ricochet off a half - bury gondola car far wide of they ! blam ! blam ! two more shot ring out , wildly astray , kick up snow cloud nowhere near they or they horse -- -- as the figure disappear over the crest of the slope . ext . top of the slope - moment later the ape arrive , slow they horse as they come upon -- a enormous , abandoned victorian HOTEL , build into the mountainside . a old sign read : the Inn at Deer Creek . the steal horse wander rider - less on the snowy front lawn . the ape cautiously dismount , draw they weapon ... as they approach , a shadow suddenly bolt from behind one of the building , dash into the main lodge -- the ape all exchange look ; then raise they gun as we -- CUT to : int . the inn at deer creek - MAIN lobby entrance - dusk a ornate glass door slowly open ... caesar , rocket , and Luca enter , gun first ... as they pass we , the door swing shut behind they ... hold as maurice and the girl wait outside , press they face to the frosty door pane -- they eye fill with a sense of amazement as we CUT to : maurice and girl 's Pov - pushing in on the frosty door pane Inside the lobby , caesar , rocket , and Luca creep away from we into what appear to be a kind of surreal ice palace ... back inside the lobby we move with caesar and the other , they breath steaming in the cold as they peer around they at a extraordinary sight -- ( continued ) 37 . continued : every inch of the cavernous interior -- from furnishings to chandelier -- be cover in thick crystalline ice , the building have long - since be breach by weather . snow swirl in the air , drift down through a hole in the roof . caesar lift a hand to stop the other as he spot -- boot print in the frost on the floor . the ape 's eye follow they across the lobby 's expanse ... to where they disappear into the black open of a enormous hearth along the wall . the ape cautiously close in , gun train on the hearth , deep and dark enough to conceal whoever 's hide inside ... caesar stop at the open ; he cock he gun loudly , levelling it -- rocket and Luca cock they weapon too ... «+. when suddenly , the stolen shotgun be toss out at they , landing at the apes’ foot with a thud . they stare down at it uneasily -- when to they surprise the stolen binoculars come skitter out too . and then the compass . the ape exchange a look -- rocket quickly grab the shotgun , and the ape wait expectantly , weapon still raise , as -- the figure slowly begin to emerge from the darkness , head hang remorsefully , still obscure in the hood of the wear - out parka ... he start to raise he hand in surrender , and as he head lift ... we discover -- he be a ape . a chimp with more skin than hair on he small , round head , he have oversize ear and a little scruff of beard , he scrawny frame swim in the big green parka . he stare up at we shocked trio with a sheepish , apologetic smile ... and finally , he speak aloud in halting grunt , point a finger at he own chest -- scrawny chimp ( chastise himself ) bad ... ape ... bad ape ... we three ape just gape back , no idea what to make of he ... rocket lower he gun . then sign : rocket [ who be you ? ] but bad ape just tilt he head , not comprehend . we ape exchange uncertain look . then Luca turn to bad ape , leery : ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) luca ( where be you from ? ] no answer . Luca turn to caesar . luca ( cont 'd ) [ I do not think he understand . ] rocket ( to caesar ) [ I do not recognize he . he 's not one of we . ] caesar regards the odd little chimp a moment ; then speak : caesar be you ... alone here ? bad ape 's eye dart uneasily from face to face -- it 's not clear if he understand this either -- but then he look back at caesar ... and nods . a soft creaking across the lobby cause they head to turn -- maurice and the girl stand just inside the entrance , peer back uncertainly at they across the giant space . bad ape notice the girl , shivering badly beside maurice . bad ape consider she a moment , then lower he hand -- rocket lift he weapon again , wary -- but bad ape just continue , remove he parka ; finally he hold it out in one hand -- call out to the girl -- bad ape cold ...? no one say anything . bad ape turn to caesar . hold out the parka , gesture to the girl with a tentative smile : bad ape ( cont 'd ) cold . caesar stare hesitantly at bad ape and the ratty jacket . finally , he reach out , accept it from bad ape 's finger . CUT to : around the hearth - a short time later as bad ape start a FIRE . ( continued ) 39 . continued : warming herself by the flame , the girl -- now in bad ape 's parka -- sit with caesar and the other , look around in wonder at sprawling pile of bad ape 's scavenged treasure beside the hearth , a hoarder 's paradise of dry goods , can food , and a endless array of stolen item and trinket . bad ape beam as he stoke the flame for he new guest : bad ape I see girl . think ... you human . but you ... ape . like I ! he smile excitedly -- when he see the girl pick up a trinket from a pile : a glint chevy nova car emblem . he gently snatch it from she , kindly shake he head no . caesar ( peer around ) you ... live here ? bad ape ( nodd quickly ) Long time . Long , long time . he suddenly scurries away ; puzzle , caesar watch he as he rummages through what look like a little sleep area . he return with a small stuffed crocodile , hand it to caesar -- bad ape ( cont 'd ) ( a wistful look ) Home . Old home . confused , caesar look down at the stuff crocodile , find embroider on its belly : world famous sierra zoo . caesar peer up at he , try to make sense of this ... then : caesar be there more like you ? more ape ? from zoo ? bad ape ( shake head ) Dead . all dead . Long time . he look at caesar , grow solemn as he explain : bad ape ( cont 'd ) human get sick ... ape get smart ... caesar nod , understanding he mean the simian flu -- ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) bad ape ( cont 'd ) then human kill ape . but not I ... ( grin , proud ) not I . I run . caesar you learn to speak ...? bad ape ( nod ) listen to human ... his face abruptly contort into a '' angry human '' expression -- he wave a chide finger as he mimic : bad ape ( cont 'd ) '' bad ape ! bad ape ! '' then , turn he head , he realize the girl have the shiny chevy nova emblem again -- he reach for it , possessive : bad ape ( cont 'd ) ( gently admonish ) no ... no touch . she stare at it longingly as he set it down . he look back at the ape , smile -- then rush away for something else ... the ape all watch they excitable host , perplex -- maurice turn to caesar , sign a aside : maurice ( amazing ... always think we be the only one . wonder if there be other out there somewhere ? other like we . ] just as caesar begin to contemplate the mind -blow think , bad ape bound back in , hurriedly pass out package of vacuum - foil food ration ( m.r.e . 's ) . bad ape here ! eat , eat ! ( beam ) New friend . special day . bad ape tear the top off one , start eat the dehydrated food , nodd encouragingly for they to do the same . caesar look slowly down at the ration in he hand -- notice a official military seal : '' U.S. government property : CA state border quarantine detention and relocation CENTER '' CUT tighter on the word : border . caesar suddenly look up : ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 3 ) caesar where do you get this ? bad ape turn to he , confuse . caesar hold up the package . bad ape look uneasy ... he voice lowering to a hush : bad ape bad place . very bad . I find . Long time ago . after zoo . look for food . find human zoo . Zoo for sick . engross , caesar 's eye meet he ... as bad ape continue : bad ape ( cont 'd ) Big wall . sick human try climb . bad human kill . then get sick too . all dead now . all dead . caesar and the other take this in , somehow haunt . then : caesar bad human ...? Soldiers ? bad ape recognize the word , nod gravely : bad ape Soldiers . the posse look to each other with rise intensity ... rocket [ a old , desert military camp on the border ...?] luca [ maybe this be where the Colonel and the troops from the north be go to meet ? ] caesar nod : maybe . he turn back to bad ape . caesar be it far ? can you take we ? bad ape ( look agog ) human zoo ?! no ... no go back there . everyone dead . I come here . safe here . never go back ! caesar reach out he hand , place it on bad ape 's shoulder : caesar please . you must take we . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 4 ) bad ape no ! can not take ! can not take ! scare , he push caesar 's hand from he shoulder , a little too hard -- rocket grab he , incense -- but caesar restrain rocket , shake he head no . bad ape shrink in rocket 's grasp -- then see something , and point desperately to the little window along the wall -- bad ape ( cont 'd ) look ! more snow ! can not go , must stay here . ( to the other ) look , look ! they all look to the massive lobby window to see it be indeed snow hard now . rocket finally release bad ape . he exhales , look at they with renew optimism . bad ape ( cont 'd ) you stay here . eat. rest. ( smile hopefully ) with I . caesar consider , reluctantly nod to the other . bad ape be relieved -- when he see the girl stare longingly again at the nova emblem ; he grab it , hand it to she ceremoniously : bad ape ( cont 'd ) here . you keep . he look around , smile at the ape for approval ; the girl gaze happily at the emblem , as with a whistling howl , we -- CUT to : high over the cavernous lobby - middle of night snow whirling hard through the ice palace . hold ; CUT to : near the hearth - same the last ember of the fire die out as everyone sleep ... close on caesar the only one still awake . he sit up , eye settling on -- the girl , curl into maurice 's belly , hugging she doll ; the nova emblem be clutch in she little finger . maurice 's arm be drape protectively around she as they sleep . ( continued ) 43 . continued : caesar stare at the sight , grow sad , he mind distant ... bad ape ( 0.s. ) who be ...? caesar turn , startle to find bad ape watch he ; bad ape nod toward the girl . bad ape ( cont 'd ) child . caesar ( a beat ) I do not know . bad ape ( confuse ) but she ... with you ? caesar nod . caesar she have no one else . bad ape gaze at the girl , suddenly feel sorry for she . bad ape I see you look at she . just now . ( turn back to caesar ) look sad . but caesar say nothing . bad ape study he ; then venture : bad ape ( cont 'd ) you ... have child ? caesar turn -- bad ape smile sweetly , expectantly ... but caesar just return a wither look . bad ape fall silent . caesar look away . then , quietly , stoically : caesar I have two . but one be kill . by human . bad ape ( quietly strike ) oh ... soldier ? caesar , still not look at he , nods . a silent beat , as bad ape look down , pensive . then softly : bad ape ( cont 'd ) I have child ... ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 2 ) caesar turn , surprised . bad ape stare at the ground , remember , a little lose . then slowly , he look up . bad ape ( cont 'd ) you think ... you will find he ... at human zoo ? soldier ? caesar 's eye drift to the die ember . caesar I do not know ... maybe . bad ape ponder this . torn , he finally look at caesar : bad ape then ... maybe I take you . caesar turn from the fire , they eye meeting as we CUT to : ext . front of the inn - morning the girl step out alone onto the desert porch , still wear bad ape 's parka . as she clutches herself against the cold , something catch she eye ; she look up overhead at the pink flowers of a perennial dogwood tree , poke through the snow -- the only color in a otherwise stark white world . with the muffle crunch of hoof , Luca and rocket appear , guide the four horse toward the porch . Luca notice the girl stare up at the branch of flower . he watch a moment , then move toward she ... and reach he long arm up , snap off a small piece of the branch . the girl observe as Luca bend down , he massive gorilla face right in front of hers as he very gently slip the flower behind she ear . she smile . he blink back at she sweetly , when -- caesar and maurice emerge onto the porch . Luca quickly straighten , resume he tough guy demeanor . maurice lower next to the girl , and she hop on he back . he move to he horse , and climb up with she . caesar , rocket and Luca mount up as well , when -- -- the front door squeak open ; they turn to see bad ape step out to join they . he wear boot , a old wool blanket on he shoulder , and a stripe toque on he head . ( continued ) 45 . continued : caesar and the other stare at he , deadpan , but he be oblivious , look from horse to horse , wonder where he 's suppose to go . Luca grunt gruffly , point he toward rocket 's horse . bad ape smile , and start for rocket 's horse . rocket look miserable as bad ape struggle to climb up . ext . sierra mountain - day the group silently weave its way through snow - cover tree . the girl watch curiously as caesar remove he canteen from he saddle bag . maurice notice she stare , follow she gaze to see caesar drink . maurice grunt softly to she . she turn , and he gesture at caesar , make the sign for : maurice [ thirsty . ] ( repeat for she , teach ) [ thirsty . ] she just stare blankly at maurice . he take she small hand in he , demonstrate the way to sign the word . caesar notice , lowering he canteen , quietly intrigue . maurice demonstrate again . but the girl show no interest or understanding . her eye return to caesar -- who for the first time soften , offer a sympathetic gaze . ext . wooded area - late afternoon the group have leave the trail , move through dense forest . caesar watch bad ape who peer anxiously ahead ... to where sunlight spill in at the edge of the wood . bad ape turn to meet caesar 's eye , fearful : bad ape there ... caesar look at the light , then turn to the other , raise he hand for they to stop . CUT to : edge of the wood - moment later on foot now , the group press in close behind the tree at the forest 's perimeter , squinting into the hard , low sun at -- ( continued ) 46 . continued : a enormous canyon below they steep , snow - cover granite cliff slope down in shelf , disappear into a unseen expanse below . the top of a massive , prison - style warden 's tower poke ominously up in the distance , from the center of the chasm . caesar raise the binocular , peering at the tower : sun flare off the cement and steel structure , stain with corrosion . through the window , it appear to be deserted . caesar lower the glass , stare uncertainly -- when he notice something about the fade california state flag hang from the tower -- he look through the binocular to examine it : the flag be hang upside- down ... and a huge '' aq '' has_ be paint in black across it . then caesar suddenly notice movement down below -- he shift the glass to find tiny silhouetted figure , just barely visible along the edge of the lowest visible shelf . caesar turn , look from face to face ... then : caesar [ Luca , let 's take a closer look . ] ( to rocket ) [ stay here . keep they safe . ] rocket nod dutifully , and caesar and Luca start off -- CUT to : through the binoculars - sunset the heavily silhouetted figure in the distance be still small , but from this closer vantage we can see now they be in the midst of place a series of about twelve mysterious , X - shape structure along the cliff 's edge -- maybe this be some kind of defensive perimeter ...? reveal caesar lowering he binoculars ; he look confuse as he turn to Luca , lie beside he on the edge of a ridge . luca [ what be they do ? ] caesar ( shake he head ) I do not know ... ( continued ) 47 . continued : caesar turn back , look through the binocular again , try to decipher this strange activity -- when Luca grunt at he with quiet alarm . caesar turn . luca ( point ) ( what 's that ? a patrol ? ] caesar look -- through the binoculars find a pair of horse on a ledge right below . caesar ( 0.s. ) do not see rider ... suddenly a out of focus shape rise directly in front of the binocular -- caesar drop the glass to discover -- a alpha omega soldier loom right above he , rifle raise ! the soldier pull the trigger -- click -- but the gun be jamme ! panicked , the soldier rear back , about to lunge forward with the rifle 's bayonet -- when -- luca dive protectively in front of caesar -- -- take the bayonet blade in he gut as he yank the man down , wrestling he to the ground ! they roll violently , finally come to a stop , Luca atop the motionless soldier -- caesar 's eye land on the blood - stained bayonet , lie in the snow beside they -- he scramble up , rush to Luca -- -- when a second soldier step out , startling caesar -- about to shoot -- when -- wham ! the second soldier crumple , revealing rocket behind he , have just clubbed he with the butt of a rifle . rocket look to caesar , sign regretfully , out of breath : rocket [ I see they from up there ... come for you ...] they both turn immediately to Luca ... who be roll painfully off the dead man ; he look at they helplessly , gasping , clutching he gut ... CUT to : 48 . back up in the wood - dusk wait anxiously at the edge of the tree , bad ape , maurice and the girl stare as -- rocket return , climb quickly up toward they , a grim expression on he face , clutching the bayonete rifle in he hand ... right behind he , caesar carry luca across he back , like a Vietnam soldier shoulder a fall brother . they all retreat into the safety of the wood , the group converge around caesar as he lower Luca to the ground ... emotion in he eye , caesar look down at he loyal friend . fading fast , Luca smile weakly . he manage to raise a hand , hold it out to caesar ; caesar grasp it firmly . luca [ at least this time ... I be able to protect you ...] deeply affect , caesar hold Luca 's gaze a silent moment , and then Luca release he grasp , he hand drift to the ground as the rest of the group look on . her eye fix on the massive gorilla , the girl climb off maurice 's back ... the other watch , surprised , as she approach Luca , climb onto he chest . she stare down , she little face inch from he ... for the first time we see deep emotion in she eye . Luca peer up vulnerably as she remove the twig of flower he place behind she ear ... and gently tuck it behind he ; she begin to cry . caesar be strike by she display of emotion . Luca smile at she , then gradually he smile fade as he face grow still ... and life ebb from he eye . tight on caesar , stare intensely at Luca , a mixture of rage and guilt in he eye . the other watch he silently . finally , maurice venture a soft grunt to he . caesar turn . maurice [ I know how much you have lose ... but now we have lose another . ] caesar just stare , inscrutable . maurice ( cont 'd ) [ please ... it 's not too late to leave this place . to rejoin the other . ] emotion stir , rocket can not hold back -- ( continued ) 49 . continued : rocket [ Luca give he life ! we can not turn back -- !] maurice remain fix on caesar -- maurice [ caesar ... ] but caesar turn away . he shake he head grimly ; then utter quietly , consume : caesar they must pay ... everyone stare , until finally , caesar turn back . his eye meet maurice 's , whose gaze now appear judgemental : maurice [ now you sound like koba . ] caesar turn to he friend , suddenly seethe ; the look in he eye be chill : caesar ..- koba ? you know nothing . my wife and son be kill . ( gesture to Luca ) and now my friend . ( then , harder ) you call I koba ...?! caesar glare at he , a unprecedented rift between they . rocket remain still , take aback ... wait ... then : caesar ( cont 'd ) ( tremble with rage ) I do not ask you to come . any of you . this be my fight . I will finish it alone ... go now . join the other . stun , they watch as caesar rise , and take the bayonete rifle from rocket 's shoulder ... then head off , back toward the canyon ... hold on the apes’ harrow expression , watch he ; CUT to : helicopter shot high and wide over the granite cliff - night swooping over caesar 's tiny figure as he scale down the vast , snowy expanse in the moonlight ; he drop down to a lower shelf , and we CUT to : 50 . caesar 's Pov breathing hard ( 0.s. ) , moving toward the cliff 's edge -- the massive guard tower reach up from the canyon beyond it -- on caesar , air steaming from he nose ; he slow , seeing -- the twelve mysterious x-shaped structure loom ahead -- as he approach we can suddenly start to make out dark form strapped to they ...? caesar 's expression move from confusion ... to dawn horror as he realize : the form appear to be ape . he pick up speed again , rush toward they , they back to we -- it 's unclear whether the form be dead or alive ... finally reach the line of cross at the edge of the cliff , he find a group of ape , all semi-conscious , struggle to breathe , bound to xs by they hand and foot ... reeling , caesar whip he head from ape to ape , try to make sense of this -- when he hear a dreadful murmur rising from the canyon ; heart racing , he spin , staggering toward the edge to peer down -- into the canyon at what look like a enormous , former prison camp at the base of the sheer mountain , three storey below . as caesar be draw inexorably to the very edge of the cliff , outdoor holding pens come slowly into view ... inside the pens be hundred of ape , murmuring helplessly ... the exodus have be capture . caesar stumble back from the edge , overwhelm , in shock ... he turn in panic to the bound ape -- suddenly recognize spear among they . he rush to spear 's side . spear look like he 's near death , he head sagging . caesar lift spear 's face in both hand -- spear 's eye slowly open ; as they focus on caesar , he can not believe what he 's see . caesar yank the bayonet off he rifle , quickly cut spear down . spear slump to he knee -- caesar crouch to steady he as spear struggle to sign , still stunne to see he . caesar what happen ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : spear [ they come out of nowhere , attack we ... we be sure they would kill we all -- but the Colonel stop they ! ] caesar stare at he , surprised -- spear ( cont ’d ) [ there be madness in he eye ! he say they would use we , before we die . ] caesar use you ...? spear [ they have be force we to work ! ] caesar turn to look below -- when spear suddenly give out , collapse . caesar quickly turn -- see brutal lash mark across spear 's back . horrify , caesar lift spear up , hold he in he arm . caesar what ... kind of work ...? but spear struggle for consciousness , he eye flutter close ... he begin to collapse -- caesar be stricken : caesar ( cont 'd ) wait -- my little son -- be he here ...? but spear just fall to the ground , caesar watch aghast -- when a ape foot step right beside he -- caesar turn , startle -- look up to see -- red stand ominously right above he ! the butt of red 's rifle come slamming down into we -- and we smash to -- blackness hold for a long moment . hear the echoing sound of water slowly dripping . then hard CUT to -- super tight on caesar 's eye as they wince open , disorient , in pain , he face press to the ground ... a shaft of harsh light blast down from above . Water drop splatter around he . caesar peer around , struggle to get he bearing , he Pov drift in and out of focus : he find track embed in the ground , a rusted - out train engine in the shadow . the place be a depot of some kind . ( continued ) 52 . continued : he glance up at the cavernous , curve ceiling ; sodium vapor security lamp shine in through a rip , which leak melting snow . and then he notice -- a out of focus figure looming in the darkness a few foot away : it 's preacher , tensely hold he crossbow , look unsettle as he stand guard ... when a unseen voice come quietly from the shadow as wet footstep approach : the colonel ( 0.s. ) grant and Lee ... Wellington and napoleon ... a shape finally enter the light : it 's the colonel , who study caesar inscrutably : the colonel ( cont ’d ) custer ... and sitting bull . ( then ) you be probably not much of a reader . but this be ... this be a big moment . this be ... beyond ... historic . caesar glare up at he , rage welling ... the colonel ( cont ’d ) where be you ...? ( then ) we come upon you herd ... we get lucky . but I be surprised . you be not with they . they stare at each other a intense beat ... caesar crawl menacingly toward he -- but be instantly yanked back hard . gasping , caesar reach for he throat to discover he wrist be shackle and he neck be chained by a neck collar ... writhing , he turn to see red cruelly grip the end of the chain . preacher take a step closer , levelling he crossbow threateningly ; caesar 's eye lock with he . the Colonel watch they stare - down : the colonel ( cont ’d ) I hope you do not come to regret spare he life . he 's quite a good shot . the Colonel just watch caesar a beat ; beneath the chill stillness of he eye we sense something dangerous , damage . the colonel ( cont ’d ) have you finally come to save you ape ? ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) caesar ( still in pain , seethe ) I ... do not know they be here . ( then ) I come for you . the Colonel search caesar 's ferocious expression , surprised , something dawn on he for the first time : the colonel I see ... I kill somebody close to you that night ...? caesar look he right in the eye , unblink ... caesar my ... family . the Colonel stare down , some mysterious nerve jolted inside he . he come closer , stand right above caesar , look at he for a long beat , something about this revelation churn in he mind ; Red cautiously tighten he grip on the chain . the colonel I be sorry . I be there to kill you . caesar just glare up at he , the Colonel so close ... struck , the Colonel inch even closer : the colonel ( cont ’d ) my God , look at you eye ... they be almost human ... ( a long beat ; then ) how do you know I be here ? caesar I be tell you be come ... that other would be join you here . the colonel ( a cryptic beat ) join I ...? caesar to finish we off ... for good . the colonel ( he smile ) who tell you that ? but caesar will not answer . the Colonel just stare at he , then turn to Red and nods : ( continued ) 54 , continued : ( 3 ) the colonel ( cont ’d ) ok , let 's go . Red quickly respond -- red ok -- ok , kerna ...! Red yank caesar roughly to he foot ; caesar struggle , choking -- as preacher move in too -- and we hard CUT to : ext . prison camp - yard - tracking shot - night moving with the Colonel , Red , and preacher as they march caesar into the freeze , desolate yard ; caesar steal a glance back at a corroded sign over the hangar : CA state border quarantine detention and relocation CENTER , processing depot as they walk along train track , caesar turn forward , sees soldier huddle around fire in front of temporary barrack , kill time -- they stare up at he menacingly -- up ahead -- a pair of guard tower loom more hand - painted slogans hang on sign , recalling the cult - like vibe of the base camp . armed guard stare down as they pass , straighten tensely at the sight of the Colonel -- tower guard even , Colonel ! the colonel ( not even look at he ) any more trouble tonight ? tower guard ( eager to please ) no , sir -- not anymore -- he gesture , and caesar follow it to the line of twelve ape bound to the xs on the granite shelf above . the Colonel finally glance up at the Guard , eye fix critically -- the colonel you could use a haircut there , son . ( see the other guard ) you too , soldier . both tower guard Sir , yessir ! Red jerk caesar 's head back in line as they start to pass -- ( continued ) 55 . continued : holding pens on either side of they caesar look into one of the pen ... to see mass of chain - ganged ape peer out mutely , shocked to see he . caesar stare back at they with torture empathy -- when to he surprise -- a change come over they face , and many begin to_ avert they eye ... a_ sense they feel betrayed by he ... stun , caesar march on , devastate by the dawn realization he ape have lose faith in he -- when plaintive shriek suddenly seize he attention -- he quickly turn to the other pen ... it be fill with ape child ... they gaze helplessly at he -- when , suddenly , one press through to the fence , push he way past the other , terrify as he try to keep pace with caesar ; caesar be overcome by the sight of he shrieking son . caesar nervously glance at the Colonel , worried he 'il notice ; he turn back to he son , shaking he head urgently , try to quiet he -- -- when the Colonel start to turn ... see this , caesar have no choice -- he quickly turn away from he own child ... hold on cornelius , watch he father walk away -- the door to the adult ape pen swing open as the group arrive ; caesar peer in at the horde of prisoner -- the Colonel nod , and Red hurl caesar violently to the ground , grab he leg hard and shackle caesar to the other . Red return the key to preacher -- caesar stare up at the Colonel , who watch a eerie moment longer , then head off . the other follow . tight on caesar ; he look up at the ape prisoner ... they all stare at he coldly , and then turn they back on he . caesar lift he head , stunne . as another group turn away ... and another . a quiet ape sound make caesar turn -- he find lake in they midst , gaze back consolingly : lake [ forgive they . we have be through much . ] caesar nod , shell - shocked , reeling ... finally , he speak , quietly devastate : ( continued ) 56 . continued : caesar I will find some way to get we out of here . I promise ... lake ( shake she head , grim ) [ you do not know what this place be like . ] the sound of cry make caesar turn ; he look at the pen across the way , where little cornelius be press to the bar , helplessly reach he arm out toward caesar : cornelius [ Father ...! as caesar gape back , heartbroken , guilt-strick , we CUT to : ext . wide vista at the base of the mountain landscape - dawn we see the camp in the distance , nestle at the foot of the mountain ; a dilapidate barrier wall stretch out from the front of it in both direction as far as the eye can see . int . adult ape pen - moving shot - dawn traveling over the sleeping ape , chain on the icy ground ... we hear the sound of distant marching , when a lone human voice begins singing out hauntingly across the yard in a militaristic gospel tone : executive officer ( 0.s. ) hu-uh-left ... left-right-left ... the camera arrive at caesar , who stir , he eye open as the singing continue . push in on caesar , confuse , as ape around he start to wake up as well , a palpable anxiety spread ... he look at ape elder who shake he head , grim . caesar turn at the building sound of at least three hundre soldier marching in formation outside the ape pens ; he rise , anxiously scan the rigid face , intensity burn in they eye as they march past the frighten , cage ape . as the singing stop , the soldier abruptly halt , turn about face , eye fix upward ; caesar follow the gaze to -- the empty warden 's tower balcony the '' aq '' flag wave just below it . chill , caesar watch as the soldier all hold in fervent salute , and the x.0o . cry out , lead a marine - style call -and-response : ( continued ) 57 . continued : executive officer ( cont 'd ) blood ...! soldier make the grass grow !! executive officer we ...! soldier make the blood flow ! ! executive officer we be the beginning ...! soldier and the end !! caesar stare , unnerve , as the Soldiers 's call - and - response crescendos in ominous chant of '' oo - rah ! '' as they gaze up at the tower , where finally ... the colonel slowly emerge ; he 's shirtless , despite the cold , not fully dress yet -- he stare down at the assemble troops , casually shave the back of he head with a straight razor as chant roar below . a shrill chorus of army whistle suddenly break out -- caesar quickly turn to see the soldier move for the pen ; as the door unlock , armed soldier enter and Red and the turncoat storm in , force the line of chain ape to they foot and into the yard with whip -- it 's terrifying . close on the colonel watch the brutality ; he stop shave a moment , calmly pull a flask from he hip , and take a slow drink ; then he disappear into the tower again . CUT to : caesar marching gravely with horde of ape across the snowy yard ... armed soldier pace menacingly atop fuel tanker railcars along the side of the camp , keep watch over the prisoner . caesar slow , suddenly strike by what 's looming up ahead -- the extremely high barrier wall that seal in the front of the camp ; it 's unlike anything we have ever see . part of it be man-made , crack slab of weathered concrete erect side by side year ago ; but a vast section , grow right out of the original wall , be ape-made . ( continued ) 58 . continued : massive tree -trunk have be fastened in a primitive but elaborate framework , into which huge stone be be set , one by one . the ape have be rebuild the crumble wall . as caesar move closer , he eye be draw to a old slab of cement , still stand in the midst of the ape construction . on it , '' aq '' be paint in huge blood red graffiti scrawl ; next to this drip the word : '' humanity 's last stand '' . caesar stare at the word , chill ... as we CUT to : ext . the wall - day caesar labor , just another slave in the sea of ape pass brutally heavy boulder to be laid into the grow wall , as Soldiers keep gun train on they . caesar squint out at even more ape perch dangerously on the rock shelf above the tanker car , quarrying for the stone . beside he , Lake heave another boulder ; caesar peer past she at the ape around they ; they look weary , gaunt ; on the framework above , exhausted ape -- ape elder among they -- battle to lift boulder on rope . Lake see the anguish on caesar 's face as he take in the suffer , she sign : lake [ we have not have food or water since we get here ...] stun , anger fill he face ; he glare up at the structure : caesar ( why do they need a wall ...?] Lake look back at he , shaking she head : I do not know -- when caesar see -- the colonel arrive at the work site ; he Soldiers nervously address he as he eye roam the wall , surveying the progress -- then fix on caesar -- when suddenly a soldier cry out : boyle ( 0.s. ) hey ! hey ! the Colonel turn to the commotion -- caesar turn too -- to find ape elder struggle high up on the framework , dizzy with fatigue , lose grip on he rope as Soldiers and turncoat ape watch with alarm from below -- -- when he collapse , the rope rip from he finger -- the rock crash into the frame , knocking down a big section of the stone wall in a violent chain reaction ! ( continued ) 59 . continued : furious , boyle spin to one of the turncoat -- Red . caesar watch as he order Red to punish ape elder ; Red and the other turncoat pull the feeble ape from the rubble and drag he into the yard , in full sight of the Colonel , where Red dutifully begin to whip the old ape ...! startle , caesar look at the Colonel , who watch the beat , unmove -- then back to the helpless old chimp -- on caesar as he step slowly forward in horror , pain by the excruciate sight -- the ape in he line follow , affect too ... caesar pull himself up onto one of the tree trunk in the framework , step into a close up , he rage start to boil ... until finally , unable to bear it , he erupt : caesar leave he !!! head turn , everyone stop dead in they track as caesar' booming voice echoes across the yard ... even Red go still , turn with the other to see -- caesar up on the framework glaring back defiantly ; then , he turn slowly to the Colonel , fury in he eye , no concern for he own safety ... for a moment , the yard be suspend in total silence as caesar and the Colonel lock eye -- when , one by one , the ape start to chant ... low and guttural at first ... then rising into a deafening chorus of rebellious hoot and shriek -- as they defiantly drop the stone and tool to the ground ! surprise , caesar turn ... stunne by what he have start ... he peer around at the ape , to find they all gaze at he in solidarity as they chant ... close on ape elder still on he knee , clutching he wound , watch in awe as the protest reach a fever pitch ... the Soldiers be at a loss as to how to restore order -- they turn to the Colonel who just stare ominously at caesar ... eye fearfully on the Colonel , a soldier frantically gesture across the chaos to Red and the turncoat : get he ! caesar ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) turn as turncoat and Soldiers approach ( preacher among they ) ; unafraid , caesar step down to meet they -- he chain gang chanting protectively -- when the turncoat grab caesar ! the Soldiers anxiously hold the other in check with they weapon -- as the roar of the crowd grow even louder -- caesar glare as preacher nervously unclip he key from he belt , toss they to Red , who unshackle he ... the colonel watch as caesar be march into the yard , and thrust onto he knee beside ape elder . the Colonel consider caesar ; then , eye still on he , gesture calmly to the turncoat -- the turncoat tighten they grip on caesar 's arm -- and Red suddenly whip caesar 's back with a vicious SNAP ! the ape 's chanting suddenly falter as -- caesar wince -- but he refuse to break eye-contact with the Colonel , who stare back , a battle of will ... the Colonel nod ; and Red lash caesar again ! spirit break , the ape go silent ; beside caesar , ape elder drop he eye . Red look to the Colonel , lowering he switch -- but the Colonel 's eye remain fix on caesar 's , the two leader just stare at each other , neither give in ... and then the Colonel nods to Red again . surprise , Red hesitates -- then , lash caesar once more , the crack echoing through the silent camp . the Colonel coldly nod again ; even Red be shake by the Colonel 's relentlessness . Red slowly lift he whip again -- and -- whap ! caesar finally drop he head , break by the pain . gasp ripple through the ape . the Colonel nod to the turncoat , who release caesar ; he crumple to the ground . the colonel »+. ok . back to work . the soldier yell for the ape to get back to work ; but the ape just stare at caesar , worried , as he lie on the ground . caesar finally lift he head , he face now smear in mud ; he look at the ape , then glower back at the Colonel , fiercely gritting he tooth : ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 3 ) caesar ape need food . Water . the Colonel glance at the ape , then back at caesar : the colonel please . tell they to work . caesar ( simmer ) give they food and wat -- -- without warning the Colonel suddenly pull he sidearm and shoot ape elder dead right beside caesar , then immediately place the gun against caesar 's temple -- the speed and efficiency of the action be utterly chill . caesar gape in shock as terror ripple through the ape . the colonel ( a eerie calm ) tell they . caesar stare silently at he , unflinch , tremble with rage -- as the Colonel slowly count down : the colonel ( cont ’d ) five ... four ... he tighten he finger on the trigger ; but caesar remain stoic , willing to die ... the colonel ( cont ’d ) Three ... two ... and suddenly a ape by the wall quickly reach out and pick up one of the boulder , desperate to save caesar 's life -- it 's lake . the Colonel pause at the sight , gun still raise ... caesar turn to see she , surprised ... and then another ape pick up a boulder . then another ... caesar watch , distraught , as more and more ape pick up stone and tool . the Colonel finally lower he gun . caesar glare back at he bitterly . the colonel ( cont ’d ) ( turn to Red ) string he up , donkey . and the Colonel head off ; preacher stare down at caesar with pity as Red move in ... CUT to : 62 . a high -angle binocular Pov of caesar be tied to a X the X have be erect atop a platform on the track in the center of the yard , for all to see ; Red bind he up as preacher stand guard ... as the Pov start to drop , reveal -- maurice - hidden on a cliff 's edge lower the binocular , in utter shock ; lie beside he be rocket and bad ape , eye glue to he expression . maurice hand rocket the binocular to see for himself -- bad ape ( warning they , fearful ) bad place ... but the ape ignore he . he turn to the girl on maurice 's back , look for anyone who will listen : bad ape ( cont 'd ) bad , bad place . she just stare at he , blank - face . peer through the glass , rocket make a low anguish grunt . bad ape turn anxiously : bad ape ( cont 'd ) what ? what you see ...? through the binoculars rocket see caesar on the X , face cover in mud ; the Pov whip to the mass of chained ape at the wall . rocket set the glass down , turn to maurice , overwhelm : rocket [ must save they ! but how ? ] maurice [ must think ! what would caesar do ? ] bad ape oh no ! they look over to see bad ape squinting into the binocular -- bad ape ( cont 'd ) ( horrify ) why so small ? ( continued ) 63 . continued : he lower the glass to look at they , appal . they just stare at he . then rocket reach out and flip the binocular the right way around , hand they back . bad ape look at he , confuse . he peer through again . bad ape ( cont 'd ) ( finally see the crisis below ) ohhhh ... on the platform Red finish roughly bind caesar , who look haggard . preacher alright -- that 's good . Red turn . preacher jerk he head : go . Red take a last menace look at caesar , then start down the platform . preacher watch he go ... then turn back to caesar ; he hesitates ... then lower he voice , hurriedly confide : preacher ( cont 'd ) look , I owe you one , so let I set you straight here , ok ? I think he respects you , he do ... that 's why you be still alive . but believe I , he can do a lot worse than this . I have see it . ( haunt , almost a whisper ) you do not want to agitate the man . understand ? so just ... he gesture with he hand : back off . disturb , caesar hold he gaze ; then watch as preacher descend the platform ... CUT to : behind caesar hanging limply on the X - night we be look out past caesar over the camp , as exhaust ape be herde away from the wall , the work day over ... a diesel generator cough to life , harsh light blink on . caesar squint into the glare , weary -- when the SOUND of soldier make he look below -- at a group approach from the rear of the camp , roll ominous - look artillery ; suddenly concerned , he watch they head toward the ape ... ... the fraught ape look alarmed as they see the weapon and Soldiers come they way -- then caesar discover even more Soldiers with massive machine gun by the wall . unnerve , he see they hoist the gun up to the sentry tower ... where other position they on tripod ; but then caesar notice -- ( continued ) 64 . continued : all the weapon be pointed outward , beyond the camp ... caesar be relieved ; he stare at the weapon , perplex -- when he hear footstep ; he turn to see -- red climb the platform toward he , grip a long machete with a_look of cruel satisfaction ... startle , caesar tense ; he peer around anxiously to find -- the colonel eerily watch from the warden tower window ... chill , caesar turn back , brace for the worst , as Red stop before he ... he look at the knife , then meet Red 's cold gaze . steeling himself , he harden , he voice hoarse : caesar what do the Colonel promise you ? you really think he will let you live ... after we be go ? Red just stare , contempt in he eye . caesar ( cont 'd ) no matter what you do ... you will never be one of they . ( then ) you let they call you '' donkey '' ... you be ape . Red raise he knife , examine it in he hand ; he run he finger along the edge ... then look at caesar , sneer : red koba right . you think you know better ... than rest of ape . but look you now . ( he expression darken ) you nothing . Red suddenly lift the machete -- caesar 's eye widen as red swing down at he viciously -- thwap !!! the blade sink into the wood , a inch from caesar 's wrist , hacking through the rope -- ! caesar turn to Red in shock , as he arm be set free . red ( cont 'd ) ( menace , quiet ) kerna ... want see you . caesar look back up at the tower window where the Colonel remain stare a moment longer ; then turn , and disappear . CUT to : 65 . blackness then a door be opened , revealing -- we be -- int . warden 's tower - night the Colonel stand with he back to we , lean on a map - cover table in the former window - line control center , smoke rise from sage and grass smudge burn in a tin bowl . caesar , preacher and red enter approach the Colonel , who still do not acknowledge they ; as searchlight outside sweep through , caesar catch a brief glimpse of a room just off the control center -- it look almost like a sanctum ; light pass over ape skull ... the word '' history '' scrawle on a wall ... then the room go dark again . caesar look unsettle -- he gaze return to the Colonel , and notice for the first time painful look brand scar on the back of he hand : one Alpha , one omega . the Colonel finally speak , eye still on the map : the colonel interfere with the work again , and I nil begin slaughtering the ape , one by one . understand ? I need that wall . he look up coldly at caesar , then nod at preacher : that 's all -- they start to lead caesar out , but he will not go yet -- caesar ape ... need food ... water . the colonel ( eye on the map ) they 'il get food and water when they finish the work . caesar give they food and water ... or they will not be able to finish . the Colonel look up , amused by caesar 's audacity . the colonel you know you be very emotional . ( then ) what make you think you be in a position to make demand ? caesar do not reply . the Colonel turn back to the map -- preacher nervously tug again on caesar 's chain -- ( continued ) 66 . continued : preacher c'mon -- but caesar stand firm , eye fix on the Colonel : caesar the soldier who be come here ... be not come to join you , be they ? the Colonel slowly look up , smile , suddenly intrigue -- as Red warily tighten he grip on caesar 's chain ... caesar ( cont 'd ) I see man outside by the wall ... prepare for battle ... the Colonel study he , surprised : the colonel I be tell you be smart , but ... that 's impressive . he stare at caesar a moment ; then finally : the colonel ( cont ’d ) no . they will not be join I . caesar they be against you ? the colonel they ... fear I . caesar why ...? the Colonel just look at he , silent . caesar ( cont 'd ) because you kill you own man ? preacher tense ; the Colonel hold caesar 's gaze , stunne ... caesar ( cont 'd ) we find body . ( then ) something wrong ... with this man . the Colonel shake he head in awe : the colonel Jesus Christ ... you be impressive . ( then , almost enjoy this ) ( more ) ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) the colonel ( cont 'd ) well , you paint quite a picture . what you must think of I . caesar I think ... you have no mercy . the Colonel go still , a deep nerve strike . he darken : the colonel you come here to kill I . be you go to show I mercy ? caesar I show you mercy ... when I spare you man . I offer you peace . and you kill my family . the colonel ( low , with contempt ) mercy . do you have any idea what you mercy would do to we ? caesar stare warily , confuse by the simmer rage he seem to have provoke in the Colonel . the colonel ( cont ’d ) you be much stronger than we be . and you be smart as hell . no matter what you say , you have eventually replace we , that 's the law of nature . the irony be , we create you . we try to defy nature , bend it to we will . and nature 's be punish we for we arrogance ever since . test we . even now . caesar search the Colonel 's ominous expression ... then : the colonel ( cont ’d ) ten month ago , we send out recon unit to look for you base . they find nothing . my own son be a soldier with one of the group . one day he suddenly stop speak . he become ... primitive . like a animal . they contact I , say they think he lose he mind , that the war be too much for he . but then the man caring for he stop speak too . they medic have a theory , before he stop speak . that the virus that almost wipe we out -- the virus every human survivor still carry -- have suddenly change ... mutated . ( peer at caesar ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 68 . ( 3 ) the colonel ( cont ’d ) and if it spread , it would destroy humanity for good this time . not by kill we ... but by robbing we of the thing that make we human . we speech , we higher think ... it would turn we into beast ... not unlike what you all use to be . you talk about mercy ...? what would you have do ? caesar stare back , unnerve , challenge ... he have no answer . the colonel ( cont ’d ) well , it be a moment of clarity for I . I realize I would have to sacrifice my only son , so that humanity could be save . I hold that gun in my hand , and I point it at my only child . ( emotion in he eye as he remember ) he look at I with trust in he eye , all he have leave in he primitive gaze . and I pull the trigger . it purify I . it make my purpose clear . his eye finally return to caesar 's , who look stunne . the colonel ( cont ’d ) I give order to kill the other infect , all of they , and anyone who might have be in direct contact , even if they show no symptom . we burn they belonging , anything that might spread contamination . some of the man question my judgment . I be ask they to do what I have do : to sacrifice they family ... they friend . they refuse . so I have they kill too . ( grow darker ) other with child desert into the wood . one of that coward fle to my superior up north . they send officer down to restrain I . they try to convince I this plague could be deal with medically , that up there they be already look for a cure . that 's when I realize : they have learn nothing from we past . caesar ( harrow ) you kill they too ...? ( continued ) continued : 69 . ( 4 ) the colonel what do I do , preacher ? preacher ( a beat , quietly ) you severe they head , sir . the colonel except for the one I spare , so he could return to deliver a message : if they want to relieve I of my command , they have have to meet I here , and do it themselves . caesar stare , he eye question what the Colonel mean -- the colonel ( cont ’d ) this place use to be a weapon depot . they turn it into a relocation camp when the crisis be just beginning . but the weapon be all still here , inside that mountain . ( a beat ) this be a holy war . all of human history have lead to this moment . and if we lose , we will be the last of we kind . it will be a planet of ape . and we will become you cattle . caesar just stare , unsettle ; they hold each other 's eye ... the colonel ( cont ’d ) look at you . you think I be sick , do not you . caesar how many ... will be come ? the colonel probably all of they . do not get any idea -- only thing they fear more than I be you ape . they never question my method when it come to you . he move closer , look at caesar 's face , he tone quieter : the colonel ( cont ’d ) I do not mean to kill you son ... caesar remain totally still as the Colonel study he ... the Colonel 's nearness be almost too much to bear ... ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 5 ) the colonel ( cont ’d ) ( lean in even closer ) but if he destiny be to inherit you unholy kingdom ... then I be glad I do . a sudden rage surge behind caesar 's eye -- he lunge -- ! the Colonel leap backward -- caesar 's finger groping for he throat as he scramble out of reach just in time -- Red suddenly seize caesar 's chain -- wrenching caesar back hard ! the Colonel hit the floor , flask tumble from he jacket -- panicked , furiously level he crossbow -- scream -- preacher hey -— hey-hey-hey !!! caesar seethes , raging in vain against the restraint -- in shock , the Colonel gather himself , pick up the flask , self - consciously pockete it as he stand , back away -- he touch the side of he neck to find caesar nick he . he look at the blood on he finger with a rush , smile breathlessly as caesar strain , choking in Red 's grasp : the colonel so emotional ! the Colonel watch , smile fade as caesar finally relent : the colonel ( cont ’d ) I can see how conflict you be . you be confuse in you purpose . you be angry at I because of something I do that be a act of war . but you be take this all much too personally . preacher watch as the Colonel step forward , venture closer to caesar , seemingly unconcern for he safety ... preacher -.- Sir -- the Colonel hold up he hand to silence preacher as he stop right in front of caesar again , eye to eye ... caesar burn , torture by the agonizing effort to restrain he rage ... the colonel what do you think my man would have do to you ape ... if you have kill I ? caesar look up at the Colonel . the Colonel hold caesar 's angry stare as he start slowly forward : ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 6 ) the colonel ( cont ’d ) or be kill I more important ...? the Colonel linger tauntingly ... finally , he turn to preacher -- and as preacher and Red move in , we -- CUT to : preacher and red marching caesar out of the depot - night they head for the yard -- preacher utter quietly , shake : preacher do not I tell you not to agitate he ? that be not smart , man ... caesar glance at preacher , then at Red behind they ; he turn forward , speak softly to preacher , a hint of sympathy : caesar if this battle be come ... you should leave , while you still can . preacher turn to he ; then abruptly stop : preacher leave ? what be you talk about ? caesar you be not like he . preacher look at caesar , take aback -- maybe even offended : preacher he be right , you do think he 's sick , do not you ? you be just like they . he 's not crazy . the world 's go crazy . and he 's the only one with the vision to get we through this . the Colonel 's a great man . he sacrifice everything for we . you can not judge he . who be you to judge he ? ( darken ) I be try to give you a head up , keep you out of he way , I do not even know why . but if you think you and I have some kind of relationship -- that you be gonna give I , what , advice ? you can disavow yourself of that notion right fuck now . caesar be stunne . preacher raise he crossbow : ( continued ) 72 . continued : preacher ( cont 'd ) C ’mon , kong . he glance back , nodd to Red o.s. , and we -- CUT to : hand -held binocular Pov as red shove caesar forward snow drift down around they as they march caesar through the yard , past the soldier 's barrack , light inside go out one by one ... reveal -- on the cliff just above the camp - night conceal behind boulder , rocket lowering the binoculars , gravely scoping out the camp -- as maurice , the girl on he back , and bad ape arrive next to he , climb down rock . maurice ( worried ) [ how be he ? ] rocket shake he head : not good . he rise , wave for they to follow he further down the mountain . they start to go ... ext . yard - near the pens - night caesar wait grimly at the base of the platform , as Red unshackle he hand ; preacher stand guard , the X loom . caesar look up to discover ape gather at the bar of they pen , unseen by Red and preacher , whose back be to they . they starve face be etched with worry for caesar . he soften , eye settling on Lake 's gentle gaze as Red continue to unshackle he . concern fill Lake 's eye : lake [ you look weary . ] caesar look back at she , then peer out at the Mass of dispirite ape face . determination set in ; he steal a look at he captor , then sign discreetly to the ape : caesar [ do not lose hope ... some way , somehow , we will finish the journey to we new home . I will find a way to get we out of here . ] the ape return move stare -- when Red hand preacher back the key , and preacher nod for caesar to climb the platform . ( continued ) 73 . continued : Lake and the other watch as caesar , weaken , take a exhaust step -- and suddenly stumble , knock into preacher -- who shove he back , startle -- preacher get off ! the ape look scared for caesar as Red yank he down . recovering , caesar lift he head , glance meaningfully back at Lake , then rise to he foot ... confused , Lake watch as caesar continue up the step -- when she notice caesar 's hand slip behind he back -- as the hand subtly open , Lake suddenly sees caesar be carefully show she something -- preacher 's shackle key be now conceal in caesar 's palm , its small key ring looped slyly around he middle finger . Lake can not believe she eye ; with dawn hope she turn , point it out to the other -- they eye widen , excitement spread as they watch he ascend the platform ... ext . snowy canyon floor outside the prison wall - late night rocket lead as the group sneak along the base of the wall . they arrive at a spot where the wall have come down , steal a look around the edge , peer into the camp ... ... to see the ape in they pen , caesar on the X , and between here and there , soldier on duty -- -- when suddenly they hear the sound of hoove approach -- as a soldier on horseback exit the front gate on patrol , head they way -- ! panicked , they dash across the expanse , head for a outcropping of large rock a hundred foot from the wall -- behind the rock the group quickly climb up , ducking for cover . rocket and maurice urgently confer , peek out from behind the rock at the camp in the distance : maurice [ how will we get in ? human everywhere . ] rocket ( undeterred ) [ must get in somehow ... ] ( continued ) 74 . continued : on pin and needle , bad ape watch they raptly , try to interpret they sign language ; he see the repeat two - finger - point sign for '' get in '' , and the implication worry he -- he anxiously tap maurice on the shoulder -- as maurice turn , bad ape tentatively mimic the '' get in '' sign , point with he two finger at the camp : bad ape '' in " ...? '' in '' ? maurice nods . bad ape be immediately alarmed : bad ape ( cont 'd ) no -- no go in -- ! but they ignore he -- bad ape persist with panic , shrink away from they as he plead : bad ape ( cont 'd ) Friends ! Friends ! no go in -- no go iiii-- without warning he abruptly drop straight out of sight , disappear into the ground as it give way underneath he ! everyone turn , shocked to see he go . they scramble to where he just vanish -- surprised to find he hang by he fingertip on the lip of a very deep hole ! rocket reach down , grasp he forearm , pull he out -- bad ape ( cont 'd ) ( overcome with gratitude ) thank you , friend -- thank you -- but rocket ignore he , seeing something in the hole . rocket gesture to maurice , who look down to discover ... a old rope ladder stake into one of the dirt side of the hole , disappear into the void below . maurice and rocket share a intense look , intrigue ... ext . prison camp - yard - sunrise close on caesar 's hand , bound to the X -- we glimpse the key still grasp in he partially open finger -- when army whistle shriek through the yard ; the finger stir as we -- ( continued ) 75 . continued : reveal caesar rouse from sleep ; he look frail , almost faint -- he treatment and starvation take its toll . he peer around , see the ape be corralled from they pen . he watch as the figure of the colonel appear at the warden Tower window ; the Colonel look down at a soldier await he command . the Colonel nod ; the soldier signal and -- troops step forward with wheelbarrow and heavy pail . caesar watch confuse as the troops spread among the ape , scoop out horse - feed and set down pail of water . the ape glance at each other , unsure ... when one of they nervously hold out he hand -- a soldier dump a mound of the dry grain into he palm , and the starve ape immediately scarf it down . the other starve ape instantly rush forward with cupped hand -- as other begin to lift pail , drinking thirstily . at the pens , Lake watch amaze . she look up at US , grow emotional , fill with gratitude : lake [ you save we life ... ] reverse on caesar stun . he turn to see Red ascend the platform with a pail of water . Red pause before caesar , turn to the Colonel , who watch , motionless . Red turn back , raise the water pail to caesar 's parched mouth . still at a loss , caesar stare at he mistrustfully , but he ravage body crave sustenance ... finally he part he lip -- but Red just pour the water out in front of he face , dumping it onto the platform . caesar harden , he bloodshot eye glaring at Red . he turn to look up at the Colonel , who stand there , still motionless ... then step away , disappear from view . CUT to : black . with the SOUND of digging , a thin beam of light streak out at we through the darkness as stone tumble free ; we be -- ( continued ) 76 . continued : int . tunnel - day maurice hold the scavenge flashlight as he and rocket finish clear rubble ; behind they a length of narrow tunnel recede . they look around at the area they have clear ... to see -- sewage tunnel lead into darkness . the wall be cover in fade graffiti . in huge , desperate scrawl they see : '' this way out !!! '' alongside a spray- paint arrow point up . maurice ( turn to rocket ) [ sick human must have try to escape underground ! ] rocket nod and as they start to explore deeper , we CUT to -- another angle far behind they we see the two ape and the light from they flashlight start to shrink from view -- reveal -- bad ape watch from the mouth of the tunnel in the hole they find last night . he gaze anxiously as they disappear -- when -- we hear shrill , distant whistle blow -- bad ape turn to see -- the girl climbing the rope ladder toward the sound -- bad ape rush to the ladder , call up to she , alarmed -- bad ape no no no -- no climb -- ! but she continue , climb out the top ... bad ape clutches he head , tear about what to do ; then reluctantly start up -- at the top of the hole bad ape poke he head up ... to find the girl head away -- on the girl as she head toward the edge of the rock , draw by something she see in the distance -- bad ape ( 0.s. ) no , no ! where you go ?! ( continued ) 77 . continued : he appear , run after she .. he find she squinting out at something past the rock ... he follow she stare to one of the opening in the massive wall . he whisper to she : bad ape ( cont 'd ) what ? what you see ...? int . tunnel - day maurice and rocket head down the tunnel -- rocket ( must be under the camp by now ! ] they stop in a cavernous concrete hub where the sewage tunnel converge -- maurice [ wonder how close we be ... to where soldier keep ape ? ] he lift he flashlight to the ceiling ; they both look up -- CUT to : a low angle shot along the prison train track - day ape work on the wall in the distance , some hoisting heavy bm - 12 rocket launchers into place above -- when -- we hear a quiet rustling sound -- which continue as we pull focus to the train rail in front of we , and begin pushing toward it ... as we clear over the rail , we tip down to see the ballast gravel under the track starting to move ... the stone shudder , and suddenly begin to funnel downward as we CUT to -- the tunnel below where a rush of gravel shower over rocket , who stand on maurice 's back as rocket claw through the earth above they . daylight suddenly peek in through a tiny hole in the surface . rocket stop digging ; he glance down at maurice , then carefully press he eye to the hole ... rocket 's Pov up through hole peer up through the train track we can see a tall metal pole loom against the winter sky . as we -- 78 . CUT wide to the camp above the pole be reveal to be a train signal switch rise in a expose area of the yard , Soldiers nearby on either side . CUT to : caesar - see through binoculars - dusk he be cover in frost and ice , shiver with hypothermia , very near death ... bad ape ( 0.s. ) ( quietly distraught ) ohhhh no , friend ... reveal bad ape - still at the edge of the rocky outcropping lowering the binocular -- he turn to the girl to share the bad news -- bad ape ( cont 'd ) he -- when he see the girl already start to walk away toward the camp ! bad ape ( urgent whisper ) no ! he creep out from behind the rock after she -- frantically whispering : bad ape ( cont 'd ) no no no ... no no no ... she pause , peer up for a moment at the immense wall . then she look back over she shoulder at bad ape -- he wave for her to come back , nodding desperately ... CUT to : caesar on the X - night his head bow , fade even more now , shaking , he lip crack , he skin frostbitten and turn blue . he look as if he might die any second ... it be eerily quiet now . ( continued ) 79 . continued : a shadow pass over he ... and then , a pair of ape hand reach slowly into frame , gently cradling caesar 's face ... caesar '’s eye flutter OPEN , struggle to see ; he look up at the ape , its face out of focus , haloed by the camp 's light . as the ape 's head near , block the light , its face come into view : it be koba , stare down at caesar tenderly . caesar 's eye widen , bewilder ; he 's breathless : caesar koba ... koba lean in toward caesar , gaze into he eye ... then move even closer , press he lip to caesar 's ear : koba ( a comforting whisper ) sleep ... Fighting exhaustion , caesar pull back , struggle to resist . koba ( cont 'd ) let go ... ( glance toward the ape ) you can not save they ... they will all die here ... caesar follow he gaze , then look back at koba , stricken : caesar koba ( 0.s. ) yes ... join I ... caesar start to shut he eye , devastate -- when a blinding flash startles he -- he squint back up as a machete swing through the air overhead -- the blade hack into the rope bind he wrist with a loud thwack ! completely disorient , caesar look back at the ape beside he again , realize now it be red . he look past he to see the Colonel and preacher too -- as Red cut the rope around he other hand , caesar finally collapse . the colonel if he 's still alive in the morning , he go back to work or you shoot he . ( then ) keep he separate from the other . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) preacher nod ; as caesar see Red move for he , he use he last bit of strength to close he fist around the key ... ext . rock -outcropping - top of the hole - night rocket and maurice clamber urgently out behind bad ape , who stop at the edge of the rock -- point frantically with two finger again and again at the open in the barrier wall -- try to sign : bad ape in ! she go in ! stun , maurice and rocket slowly turn to the camp ; and we -- CUT to : high angle over the wall as Soldiers work busily in the tower and all along the wall secure artillery -- we see the girl walk right through the open front gate directly below , totally unnotice ... ext . caesar 's SMALL cage - under a guard tower - night pushing slowly in on caesar through the bar ... he lie on he stomach , face to the ground . as the camera stop , a small blurry form step to the edge of frame ... reveal the girl stand in front of the cage , stare down at caesar sadly . after a moment , she fish into the pocket of she bulky parka , and pull out she rag doll . she stretch she arm through the bar , strain toward caesar ... gently tossing the doll toward he . daze , caesar slowly lift he head , confuse ... and discover the doll next to he on the ground . he look up ... to see the girl stare down with concern . she hold he gaze ; then lift she tiny hand and tentatively slide she finger along she neck -- the sign maurice be try to teach she for : the girl [ thirsty ...?] caesar look at she , stunne . and touch . and then -- ( continued ) 81 . continued : the girl abruptly turn and walk off . caesar crane he head , worried for she ... unable to see where she 's go ... when she suddenly return , lug a pail of water in both hand . she raise the pail , hold it to the bar . caesar lift himself , press he face to the bar ... and she tilt the pail , gently spilling water into he mouth . as caesar thirstily guzzle , the girl remove one hand from the pail , touch the side of he face -- quiet ape grunt echo from the yard . the girl turn to see -- a large group of ape press to the bar of they pen , watch she and caesar . a few silently wave she over ... CUT to : a extreme wide shot of the yard as the girl cross from caesar 's cage to the ape 's pen , oblivious to the potential danger around she ... reveal : maurice , rocket , and bad ape watch anxiously , they three face huddle together in the shadow , peer around the edge of the giant front gate ... CUT back to : caesar gaze nervously through the bar at the girl , who stand at the ape 's pen , she back to we ; she seem engage in some transaction with they , the ape all try to get near she -- caesar 's eye dart tensely around at guard on patrol in the distance , unaware of she presence , but for how long ...? finally , the girl turn and head toward caesar , cradling something in her arm . caesar watch curiously as she step up to he cage . he glance at the ape in there pen to find they _all watc g expectantly ... caesar turn back to the girl ; she lean forward carefully , as if about to spill the content from she arm -- puzzle , caesar reach he hand out to catch whatever it be -- and a long stream of grain rush into he palm . surprise , caesar look up at she ... then out at the ape in the pen , they eye all still on he . one of they raise he hand , quietly press he fist together , signing proudly : ( continued ) 82 . continued : ape [ ape together strong . ] a wave of emotion flood caesar 's face ; and then he see other ape silently raise they fist too ... caesar be completely overcome as each and every one of they join in . a smile slowly surface on caesar 's face ; you can almost see he strength return ... the girl follow caesar 's gaze to the ape and they up - stretch hand ; then turn back to caesar . she uncertainly raise she fist together too ... smile , proud of herself . maurice , rocket , and bad ape watch from behind the gate , affect by the sight -- when they spot something the ape and the girl cannot yet see -- the colonel and some of the officer in the distance deep in conference , walk in the direction of the pen ...! maurice and rocket exchange terrify look -- maurice [ if human see she , they will kill she ... J CUT to : on caesar and the girl as they spin , startle -- suddenly see the Colonel and troops step into view ten foot away -- when -- a sudden commotion in the distance grab they attention -- caesar grunt urgently to the girl , nodd for she to hide -- she press quickly behind one of the guard tower leg -- just as the Colonel and troops stop in the path right before caesar 's cage , still gaze off at the disturbance ... caesar follow they look to see -- a squad of five soldier , gun -drawn , amp up , shouting at a unseen intruder ... as they approach , prodding with they weapon , caesar discover the intruder be -- rocket . he march slowly , chin-raise defiantly . caesar watch in shock as rocket be bring toward the wait Colonel ... who slowly turn and look suspiciously at caesar -- unaware of the girl just behind the tower leg ... ( continued ) 83 . continued : as rocket arrive at gunpoint , the Colonel gesture to red. Red and rocket exchange hard stare ; Red move to restrain rocket 's arm -- but rocket suddenly resist , thrashing into Red , head - butting he -- Red stumble , clutching he head , stunne ... then launch furiously back at rocket ! the two ape begin viciously wrestling as the soldier watch , gun train ; a few laugh derisively , amused by the display -- two turncoat nervously approach , unsure what to do -- caesar seize this momentary distraction -- gesture for the girl to make a run for it -- she dart away -- ducking behind the long barrack nearby , streaking toward the wall -- the Colonel peer down annoyed at Red and rocket ; he calmly pull out he sidearm , point down at they and fire -- ! caesar 's head whip around -- as rocket and Red freeze , startle -- a cloud of dirt kick up from where the bullet hit the ground beside they ... Red immediately take the opportunity to get the upper hand , force rocket 's face to the ground , pin he . the Colonel walk closer to rocket ; stare at he a beat ... the colonel how many be out there ? be there other ? rocket stay silent , refuse to show even a hint of fear . the colonel ( cont ’d ) ( to Soldiers ) sweep the area . ( turn to Red ) put he in the pen . as the Colonel walk off , Red abruptly leap to he foot , grab rocket by the ankle -- rocket flail violently as Red drag he across the dirt and ice ... caesar watch in horror as the turncoat move in , beat rocket into submission as they hurl he into the pen . one roughly shackle he -- as Red deliver a last , vicious kick , leave rocket in a crumpled heap as they exit . caesar 's stricken eye remain fix on rocket as he struggle to he foot . his face bloody and bruise , rocket look back at caesar through the bar of they pen -- and to caesar 's surprise , rocket smile at he ... he sign : rocket [ feeling better ? ] ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) thrown , caesar look at he , then manage a slight smile ; he nod . rocket nod back , pleased : rocket ( cont 'd ) [ good . then we can talk about escape . ] he bring he fist together : '' ape together strong . '' emotional , caesar smile , proud of he friend ; as he bring he own fist together ... pre -lap -- a lone human voice singing out in gospel tone : executive officer ( 0.s. ) hu-uh-left ... left-right-left ... as we slowly dissolve to : ext . epic wide shot above prison camp - yard - morning the soldier MARCH in formation toward the warden 's Tower ... as the ape peer anxiously through the bar of they pen ... the procession come to a halt , all eye lift expectantly to the Colonel 's balcony , wait for he to appear ... when the SOUND of a metal door suddenly scrape open -- everyone turn , surprised to see -- the colonel emerge at the base of the tower , right before they . he 's in formal dress greens , medal on he chest , beret on he head . he move to the top of the step , look out , study they uncertain face a pregnant moment ... on caesar , observe from he cage -- he eye flit warily to rocket 's across the way -- then back to the Colonel ... as he finally begin to address he assemble troops ; there be something momentous , almost reflective in he tone : the colonel for two year we have fight relentlessly against this beast , and when we be do with they , we will bring a end to they kind . but now we find ourselves on the eve of battle ... against we own kind . so you may ask : who be the real enemy , who be we fight here ? and I will tell you . it 's not the ape . it 's not the man who be on they way here right now to altercate with we . the battle we have be wage all this time be against ourselves . ( continued ) 85 . continued : he watch they as the word sink in , then start down the step , walk among they as he continue -- he eye dart momentarily across the yard , meeting caesar 's : the colonel ( cont ’d ) they say we be inhumane . indecent . they call we a death squad . but they 's 1ll never understand the extent of we sacrifice . how agonizing it have be to do what must be do , even as it tear at we very soul . because there be time when you must abandon you humanity in the fight to save humanity . all of you have show the courage to do that ... but now we must take that fight to they , or this hellish trial will all have be in vain . ( beat , still walk through the rank ) we can not fail . we be the last defense . somewhere in this world there be more survivor . and whether they know it or not , they be count on we . to show the will to protect they against this new plague . we have see it here . and it 's already spread up north . if we lose this battle , there 'il be nothing to stop it from spread everywhere . if we lose , in a matter of month , the human race will gasp its last word , and go silent . just another dumb animal , leave to roam a godforsake world . he come to a stop in the soldier 's midst -- preacher close by , gaze intently -- the Colonel 's tone grow intimate : the colonel ( cont ’d ) most of you be still young man and woman . and if we win , year from now , you may be sit somewhere with you child , you grandchild ... and they will ask you : what do you do in the great war ...? and you can tell they , you fight ... viciously ... for a gentler world . preacher look almost emotional -- the other too -- as the Colonel nods to the x.o. -- and as whistle shriek -- we : CUT to : 86 . the ape pens - moment later crane over the ape be force out into the yard ... finding the Colonel now wading through the chaos , preacher and Red at he side ... as they arrive at caesar 's cage . the Colonel pull out he sidearm , nod to preacher who unlock the cage , open the door ... they all stare in at -- caesar , who return a hard , weary look , make no motion to exit -- when ch - chink -- the Colonel cock he gun . caesar hesitates , then gather the strength to stand , and slowly step out of the cage . the Colonel stare at he , hard : the colonel send he up to the quarry . alone . Red fasten shackle to caesar 's ankle and wrist , and look at preacher , who be search through he key ring -- he can not find the shackle key ; suddenly nervous , he eye dart to the Colonel , as he continue search in vain ... impatient , the Colonel call out to boyle who 's pass by with the first group of chain ape -- the colonel ( cont ’d ) boyle ! his cuff . boyle head over , start to lock caesar up -- when the Colonel suddenly see something ... caesar watch as the Colonel step toward the cage , reach in ... and retrieve ... the girl 's doll . he stare at it , perplex : the colonel ( cont ’d ) ( turn to caesar ) what be this ...? but caesar be silent . the Colonel turn to preacher -- the colonel ( cont ’d ) how do this get in there ? preacher shake he head , look pale : preacher I really do not know , sir ... the Colonel look back hard at caesar ; then , finally : the colonel get he to work . ( continued ) 87 . continued : the Colonel 's stare linger on caesar as Red shove he forward ; then the Colonel return he attention to -- the rag doll in he hand ... look eerily up at he ... ext . prison camp - high up on the rock quarry shelf - day caesar labor alone on a dangerously narrow perch , quarrying for heavy stone high above the yard ... he look down as he work , secretly scan the yard , to find -- rocket wait to be bring out of the pen , chain to a group of other ape ; he glance surreptitiously up at caesar -- rocket nods -- as rocket 's group be order out -- caesar watch for a moment as rocket 's group head toward the wall -- then he turn quickly to find -- lake also look up at caesar , wait with she group by the child 's pen , pick up tool -- she nods -- and suddenly she group move out toward the wall too -- caesar turn quickly back to rocket , whose eye be fix on he own foot , counting each step as he group approach ... ... the train signal switch in the middle of the yard -- the spot where he and maurice dig up from the tunnel below ... as he pass it , rocket look up at caesar -- stealthily sign : rocket [ 37 . ] caesar nods . then quickly turn back to Lake -- as she too pass the train switch -- she look up from she foot -- sign to caesar : lake [ 55 . ] caesar nods -- and immediately begin to climb , pull himself up to a ledge above -- when -- ping !- ping ! -- bullet kick off the stone around he ! he freeze , look down at -- soldier stand guard atop the fuel tanker railcars -- one of they lower he rifle , yell out to caesar -- ( continued ) 88 . continued : tanker guard that 's high enough , kong ! caesar submissively hold up he hand . the soldier eye he a beat longer as caesar return to quarrying ... then , coast clear , caesar peer out at -- the rock outcropping in the distance , outside the camp ; he can just make out a dark form behind the boulder -- CUT to : handheld binocular Pov of caesar on the quarry ledge caesar look right at we , signing : caesar [ 37 step to the adult cage ... 55 to the child . ] reveal maurice lowering the binocular ; he duck down behind the rock -- -- where the girl and bad ape await he command . maurice point to the girl , then up at he eye , look around -- as if to say , '' you , keep a look out . '' the girl nod back very seriously , he little soldier . CUT to : the dusty compass from the airstream trailer . the needle quiver as the compass sit in a massive ape palm -- we be : int . tunnel - at the concrete -filled impasse - day maurice stare at the compass in he hand as bad ape watch , hold the flashlight ... finally , maurice lift he head , and point to two different spot along the tunnel wall . bad ape nod eagerly , move to one of the spot , and start to dig tentatively , look to maurice for approval ; maurice nod , go to the other spot , start digging as well . ext . high over the camp - night at gunpoint , ape roll massive sophisticated artillery out of the depot at the base of the mountain , and along the train track toward the barrier wall ... 89 . at the barrier wall a cluster of powerful gorillas struggle to hoist a impose high - tech rapier missile launcher up to the top of the wall -- reveal -- wide on the now complete wall -- more rapier launchers be positioned by ape and soldier all along the expanse . the display of sheer force be a formidable sight . on caesar -- watching the wall fortification as Red and preacher march he across the yard amidst mass of weary ape be herde back to the pen ; they arrive at -- caesar 's cage as preacher start to unlock the door , caesar 's gaze shift to Red , and then to the angry welt over Red 's eye where rocket head - butte he ; Red glower , self - conscious . preacher open the door , and Red shove caesar in . then Red step forward to remove the chain leash from caesar 's neck collar , press he face menacingly close to caesar 's : red you know kerna shoot ape tomorrow ... when wall be do . caesar 's eye shift briefly to preacher 's , who look away . then he turn back to Red : caesar his wall be madness . it will not save he ... any more than it will save you . red I save myself . caesar be there anything leave ... of you to save ? a brief flash of uncertainty pass over Red as he meet caesar 's pierce eye ... then he muster a final hard stare at caesar , and turn to go . CUT to : binocular Pov as the rest of the ape be prodd off the wall , the intimidating fortification now complete ; reveal -- 90 . the girl watch from behind the rock . she lower the binocular , blink out at the camp a beat ... CUT to : moving with the girl through the tunnel eye wide , she search for sign of maurice or bad ape ... she approach the cement- fill impasse ... find two newly dug tunnel on either side of the blockage . she enter -- one of the new tunnel she head toward the distant glow of a flashlight up ahead ... arrive behind maurice , cover in dirt , still digging away . he stop , notice she . he look at she quizzically -- point upward , make a tentative thumb up sign -- '' everything ok up there ? '' she nod . he smile : maurice you be very brave . ] she look at he , confuse . he gently repeat the sign : maurice ( cont 'd ) brave . ] she hesitates , then slowly mimic he : the girl ..- brave ? ] maurice nod , proud ; the girl smile , then sign uncertainly : the girl ( cont 'd ) ape ? ] maurice do not understand -- she sign again : the girl ( cont 'd ) I ...? ape ? ] maurice get it now ; stare back , struggle for a answer : maurice you be ...] then he notice something . he lean forward and reach out , gently lift the chevy nova emblem poke out of she jacket pocket . he show it to she , smile warmly as he speak : ( continued ) 91 . continued : maurice ( cont 'd ) ( point at she ) nova . the girl ( now nova ) take the emblem back , stare at it as it glint in she hand ; she look up at maurice , pleased with she name -- when a grunt come from behind ; they turn -- bad ape stand excitedly at the mouth of they tunnel . bad ape come ! come see ! as maurice and nova move to join he ... we linger a beat , pushing in on the spot where maurice be just digging ... a tiny rivulet of water begin seeping through the dirt ... CUT to : the other newly -dug tunnel bad ape lead they forward as he whisper , watch he foot : bad ape +235 22.36 ...37 - he stop and proudly turn , hold out he hand : ta-da ! nova smile mutely back at bad ape as maurice look up from he compass , nod approvingly . bad ape ( cont 'd ) ( whisper , excited ) what now ? maurice survey the new tunnel , look up at the ceiling ... then get down on he hand and knee . he look up at bad ape , and pat he own back , gesture for bad ape to climb on . bad ape do not get it : bad ape ( cont 'd ) what . maurice point up at the ceiling , then pat he own back again -- and now it dawns on bad ape : bad ape ( cont 'd ) ohhh no . no no no ... ( look to nova ) noooo -- shake he head , bad ape start to back away -- when maurice suddenly grab he ankle ; bad ape go silent , startle . ( continued ) 92 . continued : maurice let out a low , surprisingly menacing growl ... bad ape take a deep breath ; then : bad ape ( cont 'd ) ok . ext . camp - high and wide over the ape pen - night the chain ape be be herde in . a soldier stand inside the pen door , ushere they through , wave he rifle . close on one of the soldier 's boot press into the ice and dirt ... when suddenly the tip of ape finger poke up from a tiny hole in the ground below , inch from the man 's toe ... oblivious to the presence of the boot , the finger continue to widen the hole , claw away at the earth ... we CUT -- underground where bad ape stand with he hand above he head , he finger reach out through the hole . he stop digging for a moment , strain he neck to look up -- through the hole horrify to discover the soldier 's boot in front of he face ! bad ape shrink back -- when one of the ape amass above notice he , stare down into the hole , perplex . petrify , bad ape hold a finger to he lip -- the ape above suddenly get it ; he nod and hold out a hand , inconspicuously signal bad ape to hang tight -- become a look -out ... as nearby ape start to notice bad ape too ... reveal maurice bad ape 's foot shifting nervously on he shoulder ; maurice look up uneasily , wonder what 's take so long ... back to bad ape eye glue on the look - out ape , who still have he hand raise , watch some unseen activity above ... finally , he turn to bad ape again , nods the ok -- bad ape venture up , peering anxiously through the hole to see the soldier' boot walk away , leaving the pen . once the soldier 's go , he relax a bit , turn to see -- ( continued ) 93 . continued : ape gathere all around he stare down into the hole with amazement ... at the odd , dirt - coat ape in he toque -- a total stranger to they . bad ape smile up at the crowd sheepishly -- when another ape roughly press he way through to the edge of the hole -- it’s rocket . he stare down at bad ape , expressionless ... and then a big smile spread across he face . he turn excitedly to the look - out ape : rocket [ this be the ape I tell you about . ] they all stare at he again , fascinate . the look - out step forward , and sign to bad ape : look -out ( thank you . ] but bad ape look up insecurely , not understanding the sign ; see this , the look - out slowly reach down into the hole , offering he hand . bad ape regards the hand uncertainly ... then clasp it , beam . he stare up at he new friend , then pat he chest with he other hand , bow he head as he nod , quietly fumble for a way to introduce himself : bad ape ... bad ape. ( shaking other ape 's hand ) bad ape ... bad ape ... more and more ape jostle to get a look , greeting he warmly , bad ape overcome by the affection from this new family . down below maurice peer up at bad ape above he , try to get a look at what 's go on -- when -- nova tug on he fur . he look at she , and she point -- down the tunnel where a SMALL stream of water be creep toward they . maurice look at the ground beneath he as the water start to pool around he foot ; alarmed , he instinctively step forward to investigate -- forget bad ape on he shoulder . bad ape tumble to the wet floor , surprised . ( continued ) 94 , continued : maurice spin , realize ; bad ape look at the water around he , confuse . as maurice bend to help he , bad ape glance up , see something above -- maurice follow he gaze to -- rocket peer over the edge of the hole with concern . his eye lock on maurice 's , immediately sense trouble -- rocket ( what 's wrong ? ] CUT to : ext . caesar ’'s cage - night caesar wait alone , stare tensely at the ape across the way , all huddle around the hole , back to we . rocket suddenly break through the crowd to report to caesar , who have be anxiously await news . rocket look grave : rocket [ there 's a problem . ] as worry creep into caesar 's face , we CUT to -- int . tunnel - immediately mud and water gush in through a widening fissure in the wall where maurice have be digging -- maurice and bad ape try desperately to plug the open with earth and rock ... ext . yard - the pens - night we hear quiet ape grunting -- caesar stand press to the bar of he cage look across to a large group of ape gather at the edge of they pen , all eye fix on caesar . closer on the pen the ape in mid-debate -- rocket [ we can not dig any further , it will flood the whole tunnel ! ] lake [ if we do not dig further , we will never get to the child ! how be we go to get they out ? ] a sudden swell of ape grunt echo the sentiment -- caesar raise a hand to quiet the ape , peer around at the guard patrolling the camp to see if the noise alert they -- ( continued ) 95 . continued : rocket and some of the other glance up at the guard tower directly above caesar 's cage ... where boyle be lean suspiciously over the ledge . boyle listen for a moment -- then , hearing no more commotion , lean back . the ape all pause warily for a beat ; then Lake sign stealthily , worried : lake ( cont 'd ) [ we have to keep look down there , see if there 's another way to reach the child ... ] but caesar shake he head , gravely serious : caesar [ we must leave tonight ! ] pain , caesar turn behind he , glance at the child , all asleep in they pen -- he can see little cornelius sleep too -- he turn back to the other , decisive : caesar ( cont 'd ) [ we will have to get the child out above ground ! ] the ape exchange tense look ; then all look back at caesar : rocket [ how ...?] ext . wide shot of the camp - late night the light in the soldier 's barrack go out , one by one ... up by the guard tower over the adult ape pen boyle step slowly out onto the catwalk , quietly drink from a steaming thermos , stare out into the distance -- when splat ! he be suddenly pelted hard in the back of he head with a handful of what look like wet mud from somewhere below . stun , he look at himself , wiping the disgusting muck off : wtf ?! he peer furiously over the railing at the pen below -- boyle hey -- you animal ! smash to : 96. boyle charging down the tower ladder , head for the pen ! he thrust he key into the lock , slide open the door , and enter , shutting it behind he ; he raise he gun at the shackle ape who shuffle fearfully out of he way : boyle who do that ?! the ape cower , shaking they head , protest innocence -- when splat ! another wad of muck smack the side of he head ! boyle ( cont 'd ) sonuva --!!! he spin , swinging he rifle -- the chain ape rush out of the way in panic , parting to reveal -- the culprit . it 's rocket , who stand he ground as he glare back clutching another fistful of muck ... boyle recognize he : boyle ( cont 'd ) you ... livid , he raise he gun , about to shoot -- when a orangutan hand seize he ankle from below and yank he down into the hole in the ground ! the ape all stare at the hole ... and a moment later , boyle 's keys be tossed back up . rocket move forward and snatch they up . he look down into the hole at maurice ; they share a determine look ; then maurice hand he up boyle 's rifle -- int . caesar 's cage - simultaneous caesar urgently feel for something along the wall above the cage door -- until he find where he 's hide preacher 's key . he bend down and immediately begin unshackle he foot ... he get one free -- when -- he hear footstep ... he stop , quickly turn , see -- the figure of the colonel approach in the distance . caesar straighten , carefully palming the key , eye on the Colonel head toward the pen ... as rocket , across the way , slowly hide boyle 's rifle behind he back ... ( continued ) 97 . continued : but as the Colonel arrive , mysteriously he do not even glance at the ape , instead stare off at the finish wall in the distance , lose in think ... he continue right past they ... stop 20 pace away , back to we ... he just stand there , motionless , take the sight in . caesar watch the Colonel anxiously -- when -- the Colonel turn . he start slowly back ... head to caesar 's cage . as he come closer , we can see he be still in a fog . caesar be surprised to see the flask grasp absently in he hand . a strange silent beat . and finally , the Colonel speak -- he tone be oddly vacant : the colonel least you can take comfort ... you struggle end ... our go on ... nature still have the power to wipe we off this planet at any moment ... kill the dinosaur with a single meteor . he eerily study caesar 's body ... muse to himself : the colonel ( cont ’d ) you ape be so strong ... I wonder ... what kind of world you would have build ... on we grave . caesar 's eye search the Colonel 's , try to make sense of he demeanor . the Colonel gaze off , as if lose in a dream : the colonel ( cont ’d ) you know when I first get to the city ... aman say he have to see I . he say he know you . that you work together . caesar look surprised . beat . finally , warily : caesar .-+- malcolm ? caesar 's voice pull the Colonel out of he reverie for a moment -- he look at caesar a bit confuse ; then , realize : the colonel I think that be he name , yes . caesar he ... be a friend . the colonel he say you be remarkable . more than just a animal ... ( more ) ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) the colonel ( cont 'd ) you be a great leader . I think he be crazy ... but I almost see what he mean . ( he drift off again ) he plead with I to find you . to make peace with you . caesar be rapt , stunne by this revelation ... but the Colonel be wholly unaware of caesar 's reaction , stare off in a long unnerve silence . caesar hesitates , then : caesar what ... happen to this man ? the Colonel remain stare off a moment longer , then finally look at caesar ... and then off again : the colonel I shot he . he remain still a moment longer -- then suddenly look around , disorient , as if awaken from a dream -- the colonel ( cont ’d ) ( quietly paranoid ) what 's go on here ? caesar frown at he , disquieted and perplex ... the Colonel 's eye dart suspiciously around he ; he crane he neck to peer up through the fall snow at the guard tower , but the angle be too steep to see if anyone be up there -- a clank at he foot make he look down ... where he find he 's drop he flask . he pick it up , look at it as if have no memory of even bring it out here . suddenly self - conscious , he look around at the ape in they pen , all stare back at he -- and then at caesar . he slowly back away , then turn , retreate through the darkness to he tower . caesar watch he go , then turn to find rocket and the other ape look at he , confuse . rocket [ ... what be that ? ] caesar shake he head , just as confuse . then return to action , bend down to unshackle he other ankle -- he unlock it -- then toss preacher 's key to -- rocket , who reach through the pen bar and catch they mid - air ; he quickly unshackle himself , toss the key to -- ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 3 ) lake , who immediately start to unshackle herself -- she pass the key down the line of she chain gang , they all begin to unshackle themselves too -- rocket move to the pen door , use boyle 's keys to unlock it -- then toss boyle 's keys across to -- caesar , who start to unlock he cage -- when he notice something -- he hold up he hand ! everyone freeze . they all look up at -- the warden 's tower to see the Colonel step toward he light window , he face in silhouette -- he might be stare down at they , or off into the distance , it 's impossible to tell ... caesar and rocket share a tense look -- rocket [ do you think he know we be up to something ? ] unsure , caesar peer back up at the Colonel 's silhouette . after a beat , the Colonel step away from the window . rocket look anxiously at caesar , raise the rifle : rocket ( cont 'd ) [ now ? ] caesar ( shake he head ) [ wait till he turn out he light . ] hold as they stare at the light window , wait ... wait ... sound of fiercely gusting wind rise ... as we -- dissolve to : ext . yard - wide on the tower and pens - later it 's snowing hard now , a fresh layer blankete everything . and still , the Colonel 's light remain on . the ape be all press to the bar of they pen , eye fix up on the Colonel 's window ; some pace , torture by the wait ... pushing in on caesar stare up with coiled intensity , totally still ... his gaze shift to rocket , whose eye be lock on caesar -- rocket [ the sun will be up soon ... ] ( continued ) 100 . continued : torn , caesar steal a final look at the light window ... then turn back to rocket -- force to make the call : caesar [ we go now . or die try . ] rocket nod -- he wait as the searchlight pass , then dart out of the pen , hold the steal rifle -- crossing to caesar 's cage , as caesar step out -- they both streak -- toward the soldier 's barracks ducking into a alley between the building and the child 's pen -- they press against the barrack 's wall , peer down the alley to see -- soldier passing by the child 's pen caesar wait until the Soldiers cross out of sight -- then look to rocket , and they head for -- the child 's pen a small cluster of kid rush to the door as caesar unlock it ; other stir from they sleep , scramble over to see -- caesar and rocket enter . the little ape swarm around they , wide - eye . caesar gently pat they head , shushing they -- when suddenly he see he son in the crowd . cornelius break into a run , clamber up over the back of the other ... straight into caesar 's arm . emotion flood caesar 's face as he tightly embrace he son ... caesar ( overcome , hold he tight ) I love you , son ... CUT to : a Pov through a doorway at a guard tower we glimpse the side of the Guard 's head as he stare down , eat -- reveal rocket , keep lookout on the guard from the doorway ; behind he the child be huddle with caesar -- caesar hustle the child toward a light pole , quickly hoist one after another up onto it -- CUT wider over the child 's pen ( continued ) 101 . continued : where we see caesar , rocket and the child be on a second story landing , dangerously close to the Guard Tower -- the little ape scale the tall light pole , scramble out onto -- the electrical line suspend high over the Guard tower and camp -- as snow swirl hard all around they , the child make they way back toward the adult pen -- directly over the head of the unwitting Soldiers below ! in the adult pen the child arrive on the wire above and begin drop down silently , one by one -- into the wait arm of Lake and other unchain ape -- the ape urgently hand the kid off to they anxious parent . as the emotional reunion continue , caesar ( cornelius cling around he neck ) and rocket finally arrive overhead too , each drop down into the grasp of the massive gorilla wait below . CUT to : maurice stare up urgently from the hole in the adult pen ... as caesar and the ape converge above ; caesar and rocket begin handing the child down ... in the hole maurice lower the kid to the tunnel floor ; they look up to find nova extend she hand ... and they start off after she down the tunnel ... ext . rock -outcropping outside camp - top of hole - pre-dawn bad ape clutches himself , shiver nervously in the wind -- when he hear a noise from below ; he look down to see -- nova lead the ape out of the tunnel , and point they up the ladder toward bad ape ; he smile sweetly , reach down to the frighten child as he whisper : bad ape it 's ok , little one ... come , come . CUT to : 102 . the edge of the outcropping bad ape poke he head around a boulder , peek up through he binoculars at -- a guard post along the barrier wall where Soldiers pace , scan the distant , dark horizon ... bad ape turn behind he , where maurice and nova be now huddle with all the ape child -- bad ape gesture as he whisper : bad ape go! go go go ...! nova climb onto maurice 's back , and they rush off , lead the little ape single file from behind the rock , dash out across a exposed stretch of flat under the cover of darkness -- and head up into the mountain on the side of the camp ... CUT to : back in the adult pen caesar slowly move toward the fence , stare out at something tensely , as behind he rocket urgently usher ape down into the hole . as the last of the ape descend , rocket turn to see caesar be stare up at the warden 's Tower . rocket move to caesar , urgent -- rocket ( hurry ! let 's go ! ] but caesar stay motionless , eye fix intently on the Colonel 's still light window . rocket ( cont 'd ) ( caesar , what 's wrong ? ] caesar stare darkly at the tower , preoccupy : caesar by the time the sun rise , you 'il all be on you way ... to a new home . ( finally , he turn ) hurry , you must go . and now it hit rocket , caesar be not come with he -- rocket [ without you ? no ... ] ( continued ) 103 . continued : caesar see the pain in rocket 's face , and it pain he too ; but something still burn inside he : caesar maurice be right . I be like koba . he could not escape he hate ... ( he eye fix on the tower again ) and I still can not escape mine . he take too much from I . after a long moment , he turn back to rocket ; rocket nod , he eye now unexpectedly emotional . caesar put a hand around rocket 's head , pull he forehead against he -- a final embrace . he pull back , say softly : caesar ( cont 'd ) go ... rocket look at he , then reluctantly start for the hole . he take one last look at caesar , and begin to descend . CUT to : bad ape excitedly wave on the child , send they off toward the mountain -- when a ominous rumbling begin , shaking the ground . alarm , bad ape look quickly up at -- the guard post along the barrier wall where Soldiers react to the sound , startle -- anxiously scan the horizon -- suddenly seeing something in the distance -- as -- bad ape turn to the horizon too , lift he binocular -- bad ape 's binocular Pov through snowy haze , we can make out the cock -ey headlight of a huge armada of military vehicle approaching inexorably -- they hulk shape advance across the freeze tundra . as alarm SOUND all along the wall -- CUT to : 104 . ext . yard - the barracks -— continuous light blink on in the window as waking soldier flood into the yard with weapon -- we pan with they as they rush for the wall , shout -- soldier Holy shit -- they be here !!! as they race by , the camera find caesar , hide , crouch beside the building , watch they go , take this news in ... he wait until the Soldiers pass , then bolt up onto -- the barracks roof we move with caesar -- as he race along the edge , below he we see the tide of Soldiers storming in the opposite direction ... finally , caesar stop -- beneath the warden 's tower he hear frantic banging below . he peer down to see -- a group of officer pounding on the steel door of the tower -- executive officer ( 0.s. ) colonel ! colonel !!! ( turn to one of the man ) OPEN the goddamn door , soldier ! soldier ( 0.s. ) I can 't ! it 's blocked from inside , sir ! executive officer ( 0.s. ) where the hell be he ?! soldier ( 0.s. ) I don ’t know , sir ! we haven't see the colonel all night ! caesar duck back , quickly stare up at the tower overhead -- spot the Colonel 's OPEN window four storey above ... he take a last look around -- then leap across from the barrack 's roof to the side of the tower ... ext . yard - pre-dawn more Soldiers rush past -- when one slow , look right at US in utter shock . it 's preacher : preacher Jesus Christ ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : pan with he as he step right past the camera to reveal -- the empty ape pens ; he spin back to we , shout : preacher ( cont 'd ) the ape !!! they 're gone !!! int . warden 's tower - control room —- pre-dawn caesar silently climb in the window ; he look around ... and immediately spot a unnerve , incongruous sight -- the front door be barricaded with furniture from the inside . confused , caesar look around , see the area in total disarray : a SMALL stockpile of munition lie scattered chaotically across a table , alongside a tray of half - eaten food and the Colonel 's spill flask ... soak in liquid from the flask be a photo of a little boy ; beside it old war medal ; caesar peer around , wary : where 's the Colonel ...? extreme wide shot - in front of the camp a series of intensely bright rapier missile rip into the sky from atop the barrier wall , soaring high above the rocky outcropping , illuminate the landscape below -- top of the hole bad ape shudder , watch the missile -- as they explode into the path of the armada -- two of the front vehicle erupt ! panicked , he frantically urge the child -- bad ape hurry ! go go go ! when a sudden roar and blinding flash make he turn to see -- artillery shell soaring in return from the giant vehicle -- bad ape lunge protectively over nearby child -- when -- boooomm !!! the shell make impact 30 foot from the wall ! debris hail down on we group as they hug the ground ! smash to : 106 . the tunnel below -- crowded with escaping ape they stop , look around in fear as the space rumble violently around they -- alarmed , rocket begin push he way through the crush to get to the other end , grip he rifle -- rocket [ let_me through ! ] smash to : caesar in the warden 's tower he whip he head at the sound of continue shelling -- panicked , he rush to the window to see incoming missile from the armada beginning to make impact inside the yard -- ! when a quiet crash come from somewhere close behind he . caesar turn , startle , gaze fix apprehensively on a partially opened doorway ; he steel himself , and slowly approach the door . he hesitates , wary ... then carefully peer around the door frame , glimpsing a broken coleman lamp at the foot of a small table ; kerosine still pool from the lamp 's base . Beyond the door , caesar suddenly hear labor breathe ... he push it open to reveal ... the colonel 's sleeping quarter - pre-dawn / into dawn the Colonel be splay on he stomach across a military cot -- head lower , he outstretch hand tremble mid-air as he struggle in a total daze , like a drunk , grasp helplessly for something out of reach on the table ... he pistol . heart racing , caesar cross silently to the table ... eye glue to the Colonel , he place he hand firmly on the gun before the Colonel can get to it . caesar lift the gun slowly , then train it down at the Colonel beneath he , who be so out of it he continue listlessly grop for a gun that be not there . caesar glare down at the Colonel , pitiless ... he expression harden as he prepare to finish he , once and for all -- -- when the Colonel slowly lift he head to peer up at caesar ... and for the first time , caesar see there be blood smear on he face from under he nose . ( continued ) 107 . continued : the Colonel 's eye look desperate , like a wounded animal 's ; he open he mouth pleadingly , try to speak -- but the only sound that come be eerie , gasping grunt ... caesar stare back in utter shock -- when he notice something on the floor near the bed ... it 's nova 's crude rag doll , silently gaze up at_him , now fleck with the Colonel 's blood . reeling , caesar unconsciously lower the gun -- but as the Colonel reach lamely for it , caesar instantly remember himself , raise the weapon threateningly again at he head -- but the Colonel do not even flinch , the barrel just inch from he face . he begin quietly gasp once more ; caesar watch , unnerve , finger on the trigger , as the Colonel lift himself , slowly lean he head forward ... ..- and press he own temple against the muzzle -- he look up at caesar , he torture eye plead mutely for death . hold on caesar as he stare down , haunt ... he gaze shifting from the Colonel 's agonize face ... to the gun in he hand ... finally , horrify , he slowly lower the gun . self -awareness return to he eye -- a look of humanity we have not fully see since before the death of he family , as if the war within he be finally come to a end . the Colonel gape helplessly ... as caesar , quietly stunne by he own decision , start to back away ... caesar pause , pity eye on the Colonel 's ; then finally , he gently set the gun back down onto the table . a look of confuse gratitude flicker through the Colonel 's primitive gaze ... and he resume reaching lamely for the gun . eye still on he , caesar back slowly out -- into the control room we see caesar , he back to we , as he continue gaze into the Colonel 's sleep quarter ... then , after a quiet , clumsy fumble sound , a single gunshot echoe from the room . caesar remain still , then lower he head as day break outside ... CUT to : 108 . up on the barrier wall - daylight now through swirling snow we see red and other turncoat arrive at one of the post , laden with ammo for the troops who hurriedly load they weapon , prepare for the imminent firefight once the rapidly approach armada arrive . as Red hand bullet belt to a gunner load a big .50 cal machine gun -- Soldiers around they unleash another round of rapier missile -- whoooosh -- two more mlr vehicle explode on the horizon ! Soldiers around the missile launcher react with raucous cheer to the direct hit , a sense that the battle 's theirs to win -- -- when the gunner beside Red suddenly notice the ape scramble by the rock out - cropping -- he jaw drop , in complete shock ! gunner ( scream to the other ) look !!! the ape !!! Red spin with disbelief to see the ape below -- as the gunner rotate he machine gun -- and open FIRE !!! ext . warden 's tower - window - immediately we see caesar about to climb out -- when he sees the ape take heavy fire from gunner on the wall ! he freeze , terror-stricken , grapple for a way to save they -- when he eye lock on the tanker car just beneath the wall -- he quickly turn from the window , charge back into the control room -- when -- a sudden banging come from the front door -- executive officer ( 0.s. ) Colonel ! be you in there ?! Colonel ! caesar spin , startle -- then finish grab a bandolier of grenade off the table strewn with the Colonel 's belonging -- he bolt for the window -- when -- crash ! the door smashes OPEN -- caesar turn to see the x.0o . and he men entering -- they see he too -- raise they weapon , and firing as -- caesar leap 109 . out through the window !!! he swing down from the tower ledge -- and grasp onto the flagpole stretch across the open space beneath -- the pole break he fall , but only so much -- as one side snap free ! caesar hang on , riding the swinging pole as it descend -- and finally release it , tumble to the ground ! caesar scramble to he foot , still clutching the grenade -- -- when the Officer and he man appear in the tower window ! they OPEN FIRE -- as caesar sprint away -- bullet tear up snow and ice right behind he as he go -- ! CUT to : rocket - at the rock out -cropping desperately firing boyle 's automatic rifle , try to provide cover for the fleeing ape who be now pinned below in chaos -- as behind he on the rock , bad ape and another horde of ape be gather helplessly around the hole , some ape still crawl out to discover there 's now nowhere to go ... up on the barrier wall the gunner duck from rocket 's bullet , then jump back up , return a mad volley from he machine gun , shout over the din to the other soldier fire beside he -- gunner kill they , man !!! kill they all !!! reveal red behind they , watch the ape under attack -- the SOUND fade as he gaze , unexpectedly disturb by the sight -- when a muffled voice rise out of the silence -- gunner ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... donkey -- donkey !!! Red snap out of it , turn to the exasperate gunner -- gunner ( cont 'd ) get the grenade launcher !!! fluster , Red turn , move to he rucksack , retrieve the launcher -- when he stop suddenly , seeing -- caesar - in a epic wide shot of the camp below ( continued ) 110 . continued : quadrupeding at great speed for the yard , as another income mortar hit the ground -- caesar dart hard around the front of the pen -- and fearlessly straight through the pluming debris and swirling snow -- a heroic battlefield image ! mesmerized , Red watch motionless as caesar charge fearlessly through the chaos toward the tanker directly beneath gunner on the wall ! caesar continue through the smoke and debris -- finally grab one of the grenade from the bandolier -- eye fix on the tanker just 30 foot away -- rear back , about to pull the pin -- when suddenly -- caesar drop , clutching he side -- tumbling to the ground ! shock , Red watch as caesar , in agony , touch he abdomen , discover blood ; caesar reach behind he to find he 's be shot in the back with a crossbow arrow ... Red look up to see -- preacher stalking through the haze and snow , out of the pen area , almost shocked himself at what he have just do -- he nervously load another arrow , in turmoil as he move toward caesar . gasp in pain , caesar snap the arrow from he side , and turn , see preacher too ... Red stand freeze , grip by the sight of caesar lie there helpless -- gunner ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) godammit ! !! Red turn , startle , to find the gunner scream at he , momentarily turn from the battle -- gunner ( cont 'd ) you stupid donkey !!! where 's my launcher ! ?! Red suddenly look at the weapon in he hand , remember what he be order to do -- still return to he sense , he nod to the gunner -- who immediately turn back to the battle , firing relentlessly at the ape ... CUT to : caesar on the ground as he see preacher anxiously close in ... caesar 's eye frantically dart for a avenue of escape , but there be none . ( continued ) 111 . continued : his pain gaze return to preacher who come to a stop just 25 foot away , hesitate , tear -- then , finally steeling himself , he raise the load crossbow -- when -- fssssssst --kabloom ! preacher disappear in a huge blast !!! and everything goe instantly silent , the SOUND replaced by a quiet ringing -- stun , disorient , caesar look around he , deafen , finally peer up to discover -- red on the wall hold the smoking launcher , look down stoically . caesar can not believe it ... he gaze up in shock at -- red , who just gaze back , calmly hold the weapon , almost in a state of peace -- while behind he -- the gunner turn , suddenly realize what Red have just do , freaking out , he scream inaudible to caesar 's ringing ear -- the gunner pull out he pistol -- point it at Red , who do not even react -- we see just a split - second of he silent muzzle flash -- when we CUT -- close on caesar as he take in the grim sight , pain -- then -- the gunner turn and take aim at caesar ! caesar scramble , the sound around he ( and_us ) suddenly start to return -- as -- he snatch up the grenade from the ground beside he -- jump to he foot -- -- narrowly dodging the gunner 's bullet tear up earth around he -- as he pull the pin from the grenade , desperately launching it straight for the tanker beneath the wall -- the gunner 's alarmed eye suddenly whip toward the tanker -- as caesar take off , sprinting in the opposite direction -- -- when the grenade explode and the tanker erupt -- engulfing the wall beside it , and consume all the gunner above in its incredible blast !!! caesar race into the adult pen -- as behind he , flame climb high into the sky -- when suddenly -- the train car next to the tanker explode too ! still run , caesar steal a startle look back -- as another car explode ! ( continued ) 112 . continued : he dive down into the hole -- as -- we CUT wide over the camp -- and the chain reaction continue -- car erupting one after another -- blasting the camp apart -- heading back along the track toward the depot at the base of the mountain -- a cataclysmic display of destruction so large , it’s staggering !!! smash to : caesar running through the tunnel below as the shockwave continue , the tunnel giving way , beginning to collapse behind he ! caesar race for light at the tunnel 's end -- leaping for the ladder -- scrambling up -- when the whoosh of debris suddenly sweep around he -- and he emerge -- tumbling out -- through the hole in the rocky outcropping and flat onto he stomach ! finally , he lift he head to see the foot of ape all around , they back to he -- as he rise , he find they all stare out beyond the outcropping in awe ... he slowly press he way through the crowd , climb higher on the rock ... to discover they eye all fix on ... the utterly decimate prison , engulf in a massive conflagration as a STORM of debris rain down from the sky ... now see caesar , rocket and bad ape turn , stunne at the sight of he -- caesar and rocket begin to exchange emotional look -- -- when mechanical groans beside they make they all turn to see -- the remaining armada as it finally arrive , brake to a stop just 20 yard away ... soldier , face all obscure in heavy parkas and balaclavas , be pack onto troop carrier , truck and humvee , gaze in shock at the fiery camp -- when one notice ... the ape . other start to see they too ... a moment suspend in time as ape and man all stare silently at each other ... then , the anonymous soldier slowly begin to raise they weapon -- caesar and the ape remain totally still -- when -- ( continued ) 113 . continued : -- from the camp -- one more enormous explosion erupt as the weapon depot finally blows , tearing OPEN the face of the mountain ; everyone flinch , jolted , as a last thunderous boom echoes hard against the canyon wall -- a quiet rumbling start to resound all around ... the Soldiers all turn , look up -- caesar and the ape turn as well -- to see -- a avalanche of snow and rock and earth gathering steam in the mountain above they . and it 's head they way -- a human voice cry out mad scramble begin -- Soldiers leaping from the truck , futilely run in all direction across the canyon floor -- when caesar , on instinct , suddenly cry out to he ape -- waving they on fiercely -- as he do the unthinkable -- tear off with simian speed -- toward the avalanche ...! and the ape follow -- caesar leading they en masse , racing up_the mountain ...! CUT to : halfway up the mountain - immediately maurice , nova , and the ape child turn abruptly -- stare wide - eye at the grow tsunami of snow billow right toward they ! eye darting , maurice fix on the tall tree beside they -- he bellows out to they -- and all at once -- everyone make a break for they -- climb up -- just as the avalanche arrive -- ! smash to : caesar and the ape running - further down the mountain they launch themselves up into the tree -- move higher -- higher -- -- as the avalanche suddenly surge below , the wave of snow rising toward they -- as they frantically climb to avoid iti!! 114 . super wide - above the canyon - immediately the monumental avalanche crash apocalyptically to the canyon floor , the roiling snow beginning to engulf the burning camp , the soldier , the truck , everything in sight -- smash to : caesar reaching the tree top as the rising rush of snow begin to wash violently over he ! tight on caesar clinging to the trunk , a elemental fight against the raging whiteness -- hold on for life as snow howl deafeningly around he , rip at he body ... until finally , as quickly as it begin , the tide subside ... suddenly leave we in -- a stunning silence . caesar peer around in a daze to find himself in a surreal haze of white , as if in a heavenly cloud ... and slowly , the mist begin to clear ... caesar stare down from the tree top to discover a incredible sight below ... everything and everyone be gone , the entire canyon buried in pristine snow ... it 's as if nothing be ever here . he stare for a moment in disbelief -- when sound of ape echo through the landscape -- he lift he head to see -- the ape , all cling to the tree top all around he . they look at he , they savior , the chorus of ape sound grow louder ... more exuberant ... triumphant . they raise they fist in solidarity and tribute to caesar ... a smile begin to spread across caesar 's face , as he raise a weary fist back to they , we -- slow dissolve to : a series of epic 65 mm super -wide landsccape , david lean -style the ape exodus move on foot across snowy plain ... closer on caesar as he pull bad ape 's blanket tighter around cornelius and himself , shield they both from the cold . we hold on caesar 's face , etched with strain , but determination too ... 115 . through the sand of stunning mojave desert vistas ... ..+- until they reach what look like a vast , arid wasteland , pass the outskirt of a decimate nuclear power plant ... move closer as caesar , cornelius on he shoulder , walk with the other past a huge , rusted sign : '' forbidden zone . '' caesar look to rocket , uncertain ... but rocket point reassuringly ahead ... at a distant desert volcano . as they continue onward , we -- dissolve again to : the top of the desert volcano the mass of ape scale up , and finally crest over the lip ... caesar pause momentarily in shock , and then we pan with he as he and the other step forward to reveal : a gorgeous lushly -overgrown GREEN crater , a crystal blue lake at its center ; a kind of paradise , a place to begin again ... exhausted , caesar have to sit for a moment on one of the mossy rock , take in the beauty as the ape excitedly pass , explore the incredible landscape of they new home ... maurice arrive beside he , nova on he back ; cornelius peek curiously over he father 's shoulder , fascinate with she . she smile shyly , when a bunch of ape child race playfully past , jostling and scurrying . both turn , watch they go . then nova hop off maurice , eager to join in the fun . she pause , turn back to cornelius , hold out a hand ... cornelius climb carefully down , then stop , look up uncertainly at caesar , not sure if he 's ready yet to leave he father 's side . touched , caesar smile down at he son ; he kneel before he , caress he face gently , fill with great emotion ... then he nod gently for he to go play -- and he and nova hurry off . maurice and caesar share a look , a pair of proud father . they both turn to watch little cornelius and the other ape child play with the lone human girl . a strange , joyous sight . please , maurice turn back to caesar , discover he watch with profound emotion on he face -- when to maurice 's surprise , caesar lose balance for a moment ... maurice stare with concern as caesar rights himself , wincing in pain , avoid maurice 's eye . ( continued ) 116 . continued : and then maurice reach out , gently pull the blanket back , which have slip down caesar 's shoulder ... and for the first time , maurice see caesar 's hand , cup to he side ; _it be soak _in blood . caesar glance up , find maurice stare at he , suddenly distraught . a long unspoken look pass between they , caesar 's sad smile confirm maurice 's worst fear . the exchange between the old friend be heartbreaking . finally , caesar speak , a sense of contentment in he quiet voice : caesar do not worry ... you be all home now . ape be strong . with ... or without I . tear well in maurice 's eye , as caesar smile peacefully -- -- when the playful sound of ape child suddenly draw he back to the toddler again . maurice watch as caesar 's eye fix wistfully on he son ... a sense of tremendous melancholy set in , as he breathe grow more labor ... maurice grunt gently . caesar slowly turn back to he , and maurice speak : maurice ( fill with emotion ) Son will know ... who be father ... and what caesar ... do ... for we . caesar smile , tear now in he eye too . he turn back to he son for a last look ... as we CUT close on -- he iconic GREEN eye a final slow dissolve begins -- to a wide shot over the ape paradise ... for a moment , the eye and the landscape of ape linger together -- then , as caesar 's eye peacefully shut , we finish dissolving to the wide -- and gently tip up to the tranquil sky -- hold , as the sound of ape echo ... CUT to black . the end .