war of the world screenplay by josh friedman and David koepp base on the novel by h.g. Wells October 19 , 2004 rev . 10-25-04 11-02-04 11-15-04 11-23-04 11-30-04 12-03-04 12-09-04 12-14-04 01-06-05 01-20-05 01-31-05 02-16-05 02-28-05 03-31-05 ( blue ) ( pink ) ( yellow ) ( green ) {goldenrod ) ( buff ) ( salmon ) ( cherry ) ( café au lait ) ( 2 @ blue ) ( 2 '' pink ) ( 2 yellow ) ( 2 green ) ( final ) 1 . squirming bacteria 1 teem before we . they be densely pack , thousand , maybe million of they , wriggle with abundant life . pull back , have realize they be all contain in a single drop of water , and pull back further , the drop be one of many on a leaf , and will think how truly insignificant that teeming bacteria really be , becau : ext tropical rainforest Day 2 -- the leaf be one of a thousand on a trectop , and the tree one of a million in a lush rainforest . jungle animal hoot , branch bend as they be scampere over , the hum of insect fill the air , life be everywhere . wy cloud part and all that billion of leave turn upward , etching for the light that come from the sun , a brilliant orange ball of warmth , huge in the sky . the sun dissolves to -- xt barren planet surface day 3 - another sun , and the contrast could not be great . where we sun be full , rich , and hot , this second sun be tiny , small in its sky , its ray thin and weak . we tilt down to the surface of the planet below it . a freeze , inhospitable plain stretch to the horizon , obscure by drive sandstorma that must render life above the surfaco impossible . there 's soma evidence that this be not always the case , thousand year - old structure dot the surface , but they be abandon now , wear away by the relentless batter of the storas . as for growth , there 's only one type of vegetation tough enough to survive in this hostile environment ~- a scrabbly red weed . it 's mean and grasp , its sharp tendril : crevice it can find in the sand - blast rock and building . i ext a mountainside day 4 back on earth , springtime bloom on a mountainside . the aun melt the winter snowfall on the bank of a stream , chunks of malt white snow be sweep away by the swiftly move water . High up in the air , we seo the stream be part of a network thot food into a larger river , its bank swollen with the rich spring runoff , this rich network of tributary dissolves to -- axt barren planet surface day 5 -- a wider view of the surface of the barren planet , and a nearly match mountainside . but this one be dead , dry out river carve into its face like acne scar . a voice come over : 5 cowtinued : 8 voice ( 0.8 . ) Ho one would have believe in the carly year of the twenty - first century that we world be be watch keenly and closely by intelligence groater than man' and yet as mortal ag he own . that as mon busy themselves about they various concern ... 6 ext sixth avenue pay 6 one of that long - lon shot look down Sixth Avenue in Manhattan ac the workday let out . people , scad of they , all in a terrible hurry . voice ( 0.8 . ) «»sthay wear watch and study , the way a man with a microscope might sorutinize the creature that swarm and multiply in a drop of water . with infinite complacancy we go to and for about the globo , confident of we ompire over thin world . as wa watch , the shot speed up , turn into time lapse -- though people move faster , turn into the rush hour crowd , then thin out as twilight fall . we tilt up from the city as the last of the evening cloud race away , the moon rise and set , the sky turn to night and dissolves into -- 7 bxt red hook dock ' sight 7 - a dazzle starficld , scmowhere in outer space . voice ( 0.8 . ) yet , across the gulf of space , intellect vast and cool and unsympathetic regard this oarth with envious eye . and slowly and suroly ... wo pan toward one star in particular , a brilliant , hot white Light . voice ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) se. they draw they plan against we . drawing close , we realize it 's man-made , a arclight on top of the spindly mechanical arm of a containor handler cn the dock in Red hook , just acroso the East River from Manhattan . down horo on earth , hugo cargo ship be unload by lohgshoremen work the night shift . 10 11 continued : 7 we follow one container up , out of the hold of the ship , and look up the cable of the crane that 's lift it , up to the window cab suspend a hundred foct up in the air . there 's a guy in there . mnt crahe cab night 8 ray ferrier , the crane operator , ig in good shape but push forty from the wrong side this day , halfway through life and foel liko it 's take forever . he 's bent forward , look through the clear floor of the cab , study the cargo container he 's haul as he skim the huge crane across the deck far below . ext dock wight ed down on the dock , the crane nestle the twenty foot cargo container into the back of a flatbe truck , rest it gently in a tiny spot . he container bang down into place , the metal spreader that hold it de - couple and rise swiftly into the air . a siren blow in the distance , loud . shift 's over . mer cabouight 10 in the cab , Ray work the lever quickly , shutting down , haul the crane cab back to the top of the ladder that lead down to ground level . as it clunk into place , he stretch out he back -- long shift in that chair -- then reach down into a bucket next to he cab and grab a chunky gold watch he put there for safekeep while he 's work , he shap it onto hie wrist . bxr = dock wight 'w on the dock , the hatch boss be wait at the bottom of the ladder as Ray climb down from the cab . * in four instead jot half of Korea come Ray jump though last six step and he boot hit the pavament . Ho head for the parking lot . ray can not do it , I be on a twelve hour blow . call tedesco . uw 12 13 continued : al hatch bob tedesco can not move forty crate a hour , I need somebody who can do double pick , e'mon , I be in a position hera . ray wish I could help you , sal , it 's this goddamn union regulation , whaddya gonna he koops walk . the hatch boss call after hin . batch boss you know what you problem be ? ray ( call back over he shoulder ) I can think of a couple woman who would be happy to tell you . ext anchor inh dawh 12 the sun come up over the anchor Inn , a tavern nestle under a freeway overpass near the dock . int anchor ihw dane 13 a pinball got smack around the table , binging off the buxper in a hot game . Ray stand in front of it , work the flipper . he manage to throw a hip into the pinball machine without upend the beer bottle that rest on top of the glass . unfortunately , the second hip he smack into the machine be a little too hard and the '' tilt '' light light up . ray ob , for ... the flipper go dead and the ball roll through . at the bar , Ray reclaim he stool , between two other regular . the place have a horsoshoe - shape bar with oa half - dozen patron at it , all night worker just off they shift at the dock , Ray look up at the bartender , '' a cute , slightly harden woman in she late to os . 13 continued : B ray ( cont would ) I want my quarter back . you get the tilt set too sensitive again . the bartender do not dignify this with a response . | Ray shake he empty beer glass at she and the bartender take it . ray ( cont would ) I want my quarter back . bartender from my cold dead hand . ray nothing cold about you hand . bartender bit down and behave yourself . she pick up the remote for the tv that hang over the bar . there 's a news report on cnh , will can not hear what the anchor be say , but the graphic be fleetingly legible -- deadly lightn storm in Ukraine -- before the bartender hit a button and flick it over to sportscenter , which be do a report on the yankee 's latest free agent signing . ( for full text of both report , sre appendix a . ) ray I do not know , I do not know about this guy , he hit what , .211 against leave band pitching ? and he have never figure out pedro . a dockworker next to he shake he head and gesture to Ray . dockworker two year of double a ball and he think he 's a expert . ray what will need be another arm . shoulda throw money at that kid santana in Minnesota instead . dockworker whatever you say , Yogi . ' the bartender come back with Ray 's beer , which remind Ray : ray forgetting something ? my quarter ? 43 '' 4 continued : ( 2 ) 13 barteeder oh , for God 's sake ... dockworker 6 never gonna drop it . Tho bertonder open the cash register and slap two quarter on the . bartender like have my nine year old at work . ray shit . remember something , he bolt out of there . =xt ray' STREET - irohbouhd day ety ward call the part of nowark ' iy 's block be mix - u @ , a bodega on the corner , gas station across the street , other than that it 's mostly work class row house , close together , narrow driveway keep everybody just about ten foot out of they neighbor 's business . although it 's not that wide , the street be busy , lot of car , it 's that good shortcut everybody know about . Ray 's fifteen year old impala come screeching around the corner {keop meaning to fill that tire ) , and throw spark as he pull into a driveway in the middle of the block . as Ray get out of he car , he wave to a brand - new Lexus suv idling at the curb in front . still get the dealer plate on it . the front door open . ' tim and mary amm get out , dress nicer than the neighborhood . Mary Ann be about six month prognant . BAY think will say eight ? mary arh it 's twenty after . ray that be one safe - look new vehicle you get yourself there , Tim . Tim just smile , refuse to take the bait . he stake out a position halfway between the car and the house . tm Ray . 4 7 . continued : mu mary ane wo will be back by nine - thirty sunday , depend on traffic . there he be ! Ray 's look past Tim , to the car . robbie ferrier , sixteen , get out of the back seat , backpack sling over one shoulder , g4 laptop shove under one arm . Robbie use to it , he foot and vocal cord sometimes go they own way . Ho walk toward the house as to a gallow , ipod earphone shove in he ear , bassy rap music so loud we can hear it plainly -- must be deafen to he . ray ( cont would ) ( as he draw close ) I gat a hug ? {as he pass ) confuse handshake ? {as he go into the house ) kick in the tooth ? ( back to Mary Ann ) still work on that manners ? voice ( 0.8 . ) hello , dad . Ray look down , rachel , ten year old go on thirty , i : stand next to he , carry a severely overstuff american girl Travel case . hello , Rachel . Rachel set down she suitcase , open she axm and give she father a half - heart sideways hug ( you know the kind ) , then pick up she suitcase again . mary ae here , honey , let mo give you a hand get that inside . I can do it . mary Ana I do not mind . ray she say she can do it . 14 15 cowtrmve : ( 2 ) '' 4 mary ann it 's heavy , I ' 11 just get it in the door . and with that she wrench the suitcase from Rachel 's hand and head into the house . Ray be irritate . cur to : ter ray' house - live room day 15 Ray stand in the middle of he live room as nary Ann set the suite down near the base of the narrow flight of stair and take a not -so-surreptitious look around the place . it 's not too clean . or large . or happy , for that matter . Rachel sit on the edge of though sofa . Robbie be nowhere to be ' Tim linger in the doorway , do not want to come all the ray better get go if you wanna beat traffic , do not you think ? in the kitchen , part of a car engine cover the table . Mary Ann notice , be less than thrilled . open he refrigerator . momentarily in profile , Ray can see she pregnancy clearly , for a moment he just stare at she round form , so beautiful at this stage . his face look wistful for a moment , and then -- mary any you be out of milk . and overyth else . ray ( hhardon ) could you close the door , please ? that 's my refrigorator . Rachel gate up , bahg out the screen door to though tiny back yard . tim I be gonna wait in the car . Ho to too . Mary Ann close the refrigerator and pick up Rachel 's suitcase . mary anh I '11 just get this upstairs . ray Whore aro - 35 15a , 15 B 9 . continued : 1s but she 's go , head up . ha sigh and follow she . mm kide ' bedroom pay 1sa the kid 's room -- a paix of twin bed , two dresser , and not such it show almost no sign of life . the too-large tv set be {he only nowish iten in it . Robbie bas yank the mattress off a old kid ' bed that 's carve and paint like a race clearly outgrown it . 8 sprawle out on the mattrai fleor , ipod cranke , stare up at the coiling . Mary Ann stand in the middle of the room , siging it up as Ray appear in the doorway . mary anh a little old to still be share , be not they ? ray I do not hear any complaint . mary anh Ho , I do . Robbie pick up the remote and click on the tv , to try and flush he parent from the room . Mary Ann check she watch , realize she 's late . she give Robbie a kiss on the forehead and head downstairs as she talk . mary anh ( cont would ) Robbie 's get a paper on the french occupation of Algeria due Monday which he have yet to begin , it would be nice if he be do when we get back so I do not have to keep he up all night on Sunday . int '' live room = day 15b Mary Ann come down the stair , follow by Ray . mary anh wa will be at my parent 's in Boston , but do not call the house line , you know - she gesture avkwardly , apparently they do not like Ray . mary ann ( cont have ) Point be , I will havo my cell phone , so if \g come up or you have question , call I . ray believe it or not I can handle it . 1s B 16 17 18 10 . continued : be B sho turn in though doorway and force a smile . mary anh I will leave the phone on . cur to : atv news report 16 play on a television screen , over another legend : freak lightn , earthquake strike osaka a reporter stand on a hilltop , a darken cityscape barely visible behind hor on a vory dark night . reporter -emp , or olectromagnetic pulse , which causon a temporary interruption of all electrical current within its field . as in though Ukraine , thore be scattered report that the emp here wae follow by seiamic activity on tha scale of a earthquake measure 6.5 on the richter seale . hie region , already hit hard by a flu opidemic that have kill over - poof ! ' Tho report go dead , but only bacause someone have -~ ter kide 's bedroom = day . 17 -- shut off the tv that Robbie be watch , slump on though hed in he room . robbie I be watch that ! a baseball glove at Robbie , who slap it avay . robbie ( cont no ) Baseball season 's over . ray five minute , it 's not gonna kill you . ext ray' house - back yard day 18 a baseball snack into Robbie 's mitt . Ray throw it , and arm . Robbie throw it back , a half - aese lob that the irritate . 18 will . continued : 18 ray call that a throw ? robbib whatever , Ray . Ray throw it back . smack ! that one be harder . Rachel look up from the back step , where she 's play with two american girl doll . ray you mom say you get a report due Monday . you be gonna go work on it when we 'ze do here . robbie yeah , I be almost finishad , I just gotta type it up . he throw it back , again too short , so Ray hao to reach for it at he anklos . ray bullshit . robbie what do you know ? ray everything . have not you hear ? betweon I and my brother , we know everything . Rachel chime in , this be a familiar routine . rachel what 's the capital of Australia ? ray that 's one my brother know . Rachel laugh . Robbie do not . robbie okay with you if I just laugh the first five hundred time you tell that one ? ray just do the report . wa do not send you to school so you can flunk out . robbie you do not pay for it , Tim do . 18 12 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 Ray throw it back , really hard , and it snack into the palm of Robbie 's glove . robbie ( cont would ) owl ray coma on , that 's half what I get . Robbie throw it back as hard as he can . Ray backhand it easily . robbie you be a asshole ! I hate come here ! ray that why you act like such a dick ? Ray throvs it back again , as hard as the last one . Robbie just atep aside and let it oail past he -- == crash . right through the kitchen window . he give Ray a look as cold as though horth pole , drop the baseball glove on the lawn , and walk quietly into the houso , let the door close behind hin , ray ( cont no ) ( to Rachel , who 's stare ) what ? rachel that 's not how you be go to get to he . if you want he to listen you have to - ray what be you , you mother ? or mina ? he head for the house , walk past she . rachel where be you go ? ray of bed . 1 work for a live . hel what be wa suppose to eat ? ray there 's money in my wallet . order . 18 19 20 13 . conzinugd : ( 3 ) 18 bang . ‘he door close , leave she alone on the back step . she turn she attention back to she doll . int ray' bedroom day a Ray rip the blackout curtain shut in hie bedroom , tear off he pante and shirt , and flop onto he bed . he fuck that all up miserably , and he know it . he put the pillow over he head . CUT to ; tut ray be - live room day 20 later in the day , around three . Rachel 's on the couch in the live room watch powerpuff girle with a glaze , four-hour - of - tv look in she eye . takeout container be spread out on the coffeo table in front of she , and half a dozen brier parm horso axe line up , take from she open suitcase . one of they have a yellow third - place ribbon around ite neck . Rachel 's huddle up ina ball on the couch , hugging she knee to she chest , mutter into a expensive - look cell phone . Ray come down the stair in a bathrobe and boxer short . he 's wipe out . grumble a greeting to she and head for the kitchen , rachel ( mutter into the phone ) I gotta go . she hang it up and drop it on the coffee table with a clatter without look at Ray . Ray go into the kitchen , start make coffeo . Rachel turn back to the tv , but she show be end . she pick up the remote and flick channel , look for another show . on tv , she flick past two more news report about the lightning , but she 's go so fast nothing register . in the kitchen , Ray slap the lid shut om the coffee maker and push start . Rachel settles on nickelodeon , where a new show be start . Ray drop onto the couch next to she . sho reach out , turn ona of the toy horse slightly toward he . it 's the one with the yellow ribbon around its neck and she want he to notice it , but he do not . 20 4a . continued : 20 rachel ( cont no ) I be cold . ray ( shrug ) rboiler 's act weird . she shrug back at he . he notice she 's rub she palm , it seem to hurt she . ray ( cont no ) what 's the matter ? rac ! I get a splinter . he reach out , take hor hand and open it . there 's a sliver bury deep in she palm . ray where would you get it ? rachel you porch railing . ray want I to take it out for you ? rachel ( snatching she hand back ) absolutely not . ray it 's gonna get infect . rachel bo it will not . my body 's ue just push it out . that 's wane I read . she hold she hand tight , be not go to let he anywhere noar it . Ray shrug -- whatever . for a moment , they both watch the amanda show . rachel ( cont no ) you should get tivo . Tim give it to I for my room , it 's awesome , I can wateh wy show after homework . Ray spot the haif - eat food on the table in front of they and use a crust of broad to scoop up soma brownish dip . ray 1°11 put it on my platinum ecard . 1s. 20 '' continued : ( 2 ) 20 he make a horrible face at the food as the taste register . ray ( cont have ) what be that ? rachel hummus . ray what the hell be humnus ? rachel from the health food place . 1 keep one of they menus last time we be here . he staros at she as if she 's insane while he try to chew and swallow that crap . rachel ( cont would ) you say order . ray I mean order food . she reach out and move the horse a bit closer to Ray , brush the ribbon so it 's face he . ray ( cont no ) ( look around ) where 's Robbie ? rachel he go out . ray where ? Rachel shrug and mutter , push the horse away from hin . ray ( contd ) what would you say ? rachel wothing . Ray where would he go , Rachel ? rachel I do not know , he just take the car and leave . 20 21 22 16 . continued : ( 3 ) 20 ray he take my car ? cuut to : xr ray' - strebt side day 2 Ray come out the front door of hie house , angrily pull on a shirt over a pair of blue jeans . indeed , he driveway be ampty . ray you little shit . you little sixteen year old shit . Ho walk to the street , look up and down it . Ho sign of he car or he son . but across the street , a guy be stare at hin . and he 's not the only one . three or pour more neighbor step forward , draw out of they house to look at Ray , who put he hand out as if to say '' wl but as they move closer , he notict but behind bin , slightly over he . Ho turn around . they be not look at hin , the sky behind he house be nearly black . heavy storm cloud be move in , fast , faster than will have ever see storm cloud move . and they be dark , really dark , more like night head this way than thundorcloud . a brasilian weighbor stop up noxt to Ray as thoy both watch the sky . brazilian neighbor you ever seo anything liko that ? ray in though spring , maybe ... not this time of year . the bragilien woighbor turn and portuge she shake she head and aemethe to bis wife in ply . drawn to the storm , Ray walk down he narrow driveway -- ext ray' house - back yard pay 22 -- and into he backyard to get a battor look , all though while stare up at the sky . other neighbor be go into they own backyard too , and on this block the yard aro close together , you can see down ten or twolve of they all at once . 22 1 ) . continued : 22 Laundry hang off line in many of the yard , flapping in a freshen breeze . a few yard avay , a guy with a power lawhmower walk back and forth , cut he grass . Ray turn and look down the yard to the leave . his next -door neighbor , a woman in she late twenty hold a toddler in she arm , be stand at the fence line . she wear a pair of motal - frame eyeglass . her dress billow out around she leg , the air be move faster now . crack ! a wot towel hang off she laundry line snap in the broose , which should now be call a wind . ' the laundry be stand out nearly straight on the line , but -- that 's weird . wext -door weighbor what ? ray wind 's blow toward the storm . -- it be indeed point toward the cloud , ag if suck in that direction . Ray look the othor way . all the laundry , in all the yard , soom to reach out toward the storm . behind Ray , Rachel open the back door of the house and stop out . Tho back door , pull by the advance low pressure system , slam behind she with auch force it crack the frame . Ray turn . give she a reassure smile . ray ( cont have ) come look , it 's cool ! Rachel walk forward , pull slightly by the wind , like walk downhill . he catch hor , ughing . we have not see he this animated before . the cloud be nearly on top of they now , and the wind be blow so hard == -- actually , no , the wind be not blow any more , in fact it stop , suddenly , all at once . nothing move , not they hair , not the noighbor 's lightweight drine , not the laundry on the 1ino , nothing . 22 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 a few yard away , the sound of the lawnmower abruptly stop too , its engine die . Ray turn . the guy who be mow bend over , look at the thing . in the alley behind the house , a car 's engine give out , the car roll slowly to a silent stop . the cloud be nearly on top of they . next-door neighbor ( 0.8 . ) sure get quiet . suddenly , they hear a loud metallic clang from behind they . they turn and look . a metal garbage can lid be stick to the side of a car , defy gravity . ' they all look at it , pussle , and as they watch three more garbage can lid lift off the top of the can they ' rarr on , fly across a driveway , and shack into the side of the car . ray what the hell ? rachel ( 0.8 . ) duck ! Ray do , and good thing , as a kide bike sail through the air and slam into a chain link fonce , stick there . the toddler start to cry . Rachel be stand right next to Ray , he arm dangle near hor waist . she cry out as a blue bolt of electricity crack out from he wristwatch and sap she belt buckle . rachel ( cont would ) owl ray what happen ?! Ray whip he watch off and drop it , but instoad of fall to tha ground , it fly out and stick to rachol 's belt buckle . ray ( cont would ) it 's magnetize ! ' as he apeak , the lawnmower start to move of its own accord , pull across the lawn and slamming into the side of a pickup truck . now the toddler really start to wail and the neighbor hurry inside with he just as -- 22 19 . cowtinued : ( 3 ) 22 what 's that smell ? -+ a lightning bolt rip across the sky over they head . it do not touch the ground , it just arc between two spot in the cloud above they , but the crack be nearly deafen from the massive release of energy . Woighbor gasp and shout , point upwards , '' do you see that ?! " Rachel shriek and grab on to she father , he hustle she over to the back door , where they stand beneath the overhang . ray it 'o okay , it 's okay ! rachel I want to go insidal ray atright , go ahead . but he stay where hoe be , want to watch the show . Rachel take a couple step toward the house , then come back . she do not want to be by herself . another lightning bolt crack a jag path in the sky above thom , and the neighbor who have stay in they yard oooh at the impressive display . still no rain , and oddly , no thunder either , just huge relea : of energy over they he a third rip of lightning above they , and now the neighbor clap , like at a firework show . hey , this be fun . rachel ( warming ) like the fourth of duly ? ray yeah , that 's it , like - a monster of a lightning bolt strike , just behind the rov of house that bordera they back yard . the smell of char fill though air , a donso cloud of electrify dust waft towards then , and though scream of vhoaver vas in the vicinity of where it hit rip across the open yard . 22 23 24 20 . continued : ( 4 ) 22 the fun be over . neighbor run for they house , some be still laugh , but other be shout to each other to get the hell inside , what 's the matter with you ? , and now it 's if that first lightning bolt to touch the ground have release a flood of energy , because suddonly there be lightning everywhere , arcing across the sky , strike tree and television aerial and flagpole and olothesline , even , it 's a true lightning storn . Ray throw open the back door of the house , grab Rachel , and beat she inside . st ray' house - live room day 23 Ray slam the back door and lock it ( not sure why ) , run to the front door and close that too , give we only a momentary glimpse of what 's go on in the front of the house -- lightning be leaping from car to car like a electrical virus . but the door slam and will do not see any more . Ray rune to the kitchen again , whore Rachel be curl up by the back door , terrify . we bend down , grab she by the shoulder . ray you be okay ! you be fine ! rachel it hit right behind we house ! ray well , it 's not go to hit there again , okay ?! lightn do not strike in the same - crash ! another gigantic lightning strike , from right behind the house . they twist over to the back window and poor up over tha ledge , where they can see out over they backyard . ' through the window , 24 the lightning bolt have , in fact , strike in the aamo placo , just behind that row of house . as they watch , the bolt strike agein , the same bolt , the same shape , the samo place . iw the kitchen , 25 racbel scream , Ray be stunne , and while they watch the bolt strike a fourth time , leuder than any previous -- where 's Robbie ?! -- a fifth time , louder still ~- 25 21 . continued : 25 ray T do not know ! = - a sixth , seventh , ofghth time , the noise be deafeniag , madden ~- rachel ie Robbie okay ?! ray ( watch out the window ) where 's the thunder ?! -- nine , ten , eleven , it 's never go to stop . rachel why will not it stop ?! Ho grab she and hold she tight a the lightning strike continue , over and over and over again , until finally it stop . Ray and Rachel stay frosen under the window , silent , eye like saucer . finally , as if to announce that it 's really over -- == all the magnet drop off the refrigerator and clatter to the floor . that 's weird . rachel ( cont would ) be it over ? Ray do not answer , because be do not know . it 's darker in though kitchen than it be before , the sun 's down and no light be on . slowly , Ray pull away from he daughter and stand up . rachel ( cont would ) where be you go ?! ray just to chock thing , wait here . she nod , back herself up against the wall under the window . rachel be will gonna be okay ? ray T do not know . Ray stand , goos to the light switch and flick it . but the overhead light dos not come on . he try the svitch noxt to it . nothing . 25 26 27 22 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 rachel you do not know ? ray bo , I mean ... please , just ... stop ask question . Ray looka at the clock that hang over the kitchon table . Tho hand point to 4 :26 . the swaep second be not swoop . he check he watch . it too have stop . omitted 26 int ray' house - live room day a7 click . Ray turn the switch on a lamp in the live room , which do not work either . he lift the phone , will dial tone . he pick up Rachel 's cell phone from the coffee table , punch a button , but can not even get it to turn on . ext os ray house - front Day 28 Ray stop out onto he front stoop and survey the neighborhood . it 's quiet , unnaturally so , but people be move in the streota , ao at first it 's hard to figuro out the silence . then we get it -- the car be not move . ' there 's just ao many in the street as before , but they be all still , right where they foll to a stop . a thin , aorid black smoke waft over everything . Ray take a atap off though stoop -- robbie ( 0.8 . ) hoy . < - and nearly jump out of he akin . Robbie be sit in up old lawn chair behind the door , lean against the hou ray beat - Jesus ! he lunge at the kid , throw he arm around he , a onbrace Robbie doss not return . ray ( cont would ) you 'ro okay ?! be you burt ?! Robbie shake hia hoad no . his eye ara full of tear , but he 's try like hell net to show it . 23 . continued : 28 ray ( cont would ) where the hell do you go ?! robbie to get somathing to eat . ray do you gee the lightning ? wore you near it ? robbie ( nod ) the car just stop . then the lightning start to hit , about a block away , over and over . I and another guy , we climb under a dumpstor . ray be you insane ? robbie what ? ray it 's metal . Whore be this ? robbie ( offended ) over on lincoln Avenue . ray that far ? it look so much closer , I think it be a block away . robbie ( shake hig head no ) over by the church . fvonty -six tine , we count . that 's how many time it atruok . it open like this , hole , or ... something . it be avesome . Ray look at he -- the brave face be not very convincing , robbio must have be scared shitl yeah , I bet . Ray turn , look around the block . ray ( cont would ) you hear how quiet it 1a ? 24 . 28 '' continued : ( 2 ) 26 robbie power 's out . Cars stop . everything stop . it 's awosoma . ray ub buh . ( start down the step ) where would you say it be ? lincoln avanuo by the church ? be start down the step . Robbie get up to follow hin , ray ( cont have ) you sister 's in the kitchen , stay hore with hor . robbie fou stay with she . ray I can not , she 's scarad , sho need ... trails off , can not find the word . robbie what ? ray she nocd you . just stay with she . robbie whatever , Ray . Ray start up the sidewalk , then turn back . you take my car , no and not permission -~ I call the cop . he join the stream of people head up the street on foot . Robbie drop back into the chair and lot it tip back against the side of the house with a thud . his head be right next to the doorway now and he turn to Rachel stand just inside the screen , look at he , scared . Whore do he go ? 29 30 ext xok-ray' STREET - gas station day 29 Ray reach the gas station at the end of he block . manny , the garage owner , io in front , work under the hood of a late- model car with another mechanic . ray hoy , manny . what be it , dead ? manny look up , gesture around . manny all of ‘am . everything . look at that . Ho pick up the starter , which he have disconnect and set on top of the engine , show it to Ray . mahhy ( cont no ) starter 's fry . ray lightn hit it ? manhy wot evan close . think maybo if I change it ... you get any idea what 's goin 's on ? ray on my way to find out . ( over he shoulder ) try and change the solenoid . mighta short ... manny gesture , good idea . CUT to : bxt '' the intersection = day . 30 Ray round a corner and join a stream of people head toward a four- way intersection about a half mile from he house . same kind of naighborhood as he , but as he come around the corner , we see the difference ~- + + there be a buge , jag scar in the pavement , right across the middle of the intersection . it 's about twenty fest long , scorch mark halo all around it . thore be maybe a hundre people there look at it , most huddle in small group , compare stori { see appendix aa for dialogue . ) nobody seem to have be hurt , and they initial foar be start to 26 . continued : 30 there be half a dogan cop , but without car or radio , thoy be reduce to old - fashioned crowd control , which ia not much . also a few photographer , amatour and / or press , use non-digital camera , and a news crew cursing its useless video equipment . Ray join a couple guy at the adge of the group , julio and vihcent . ' they oll know oach other . ray tghould have know you two be behind this . vincee ? God be piss off at this neighborhood , Raymond , I will tell you that much . julio you sea it ? ray yeah . you get power over where you aro ? vincert hope . wo phone , nothin’ . ray the car , though , be the thing . you know ? julio solar flare . that 's what this dude ovor there tell I he hear . solar flare ? julio yeah , ho say the sun shoot off that big blob of plasma , they turn into solar flare . it 's though only thing that gan rl1l 411 the electronic stuff like at . vihcer ? I get now for you , julio , the sun doos not make lightning , okay ? julio I be say what the guy say he hear ! Ray koopa walk , leave this inyortant scientific debate ehind . 30 27 , coutinue : ( 2 ) 30 ha reach the actual crack in tha macadam and bend down to investigate for himself . a fow other be there too , run they hand over the edge of it . the crack ia char all along its edge , and rimmed with big chunks of what look like break glass . Ray pick one up and look at it in the light -- it 's similar to glass , but not quite . he touch the edge , and they be soft , but when he bang the thing on the concrete , it do not break . woird . Ray reach down to run bia hand over the other chunks of whatever - it - be , but as he touch the edge of the crack , a strange look cross he face , ie lift he hand off . put it on again . he look at the guy next to he , who be study the damage street as well . feel that ? the guy put he hand down flat against the edge of the crack . a look cross he face . whatever it be , he feal it too . Ray look up . there 's a parking meter a few foot away from hin . he study it . it 's tremble . bver so lightly . Ray look back down . as he vatch , a few small chunks of asphalt break off the edge of the crack and fall inside . Ray stand up , shove the piece of '' break glass '' into he pocket . ray ( cont would ) it 's move . crack ! Ray whirl around . behind he , the sound of cracking glass have penetrate the still air . he look at the house on the corner , a narrow row house like he . the front picture window have crack , right down the middle . the crowd start to shout in alarm . ( see appendix B . ) crack ! crack cracki ! Ray whirla . directly sor several how the street , the picture window of there be split as well . 30 28 . continued : ( 3 ) 30 ' the crowd , which have go silent , be start to murmur and chatter when suddenly -- -- everyone near the crack in the pavement be throw to the ground . wow there be some scream . it 's especially vex because only that in a roughly circuler area around the crack itself be throw off they £ bveryone outside the circular area be still stand . Ray 's on the ground , but he look up between the leg of thoi around bim who ara scramble to get out of there , and he ae that parking meter again . bxoopt now it 's in the middle of the street . ' the other parking meter be still where they wero , in a neat line on tha sidowalk , but this one look as if it bas somehow migrate out into traffic . pull up above Ray , we sea the sidewalk no longer follow a straight line , neither the street , or the edge of tha front yard , a huge circular section of this neighborhood have suddonly twisted three fest counter - clockwise , throw everything out of li there be great concern , but not quite panic . until the earthquake start , that be . becat Ray climb to he foot , that entire circle start to rotate again , like a big turntable , cause tremor that ripple out from its center , spidervebbing the pavement and sidewalk like ico in the springtime . the house at the edge of the circle be rip apart , right down the middie , they facade tear away , revealing cutawayo of the house 's interior . Ray , buffete by the crowd as it flee the epicenter , come eye to eye with that rogue parking meter again . it 's rattling violently ap it rotate around the edge of the circle , spitting coin from the door in its front , which have oprung open . a foolish guy move along with it , scoop up the coin . Ray bolt to the edge of the circle , which be now plainly mark by the rupture make by its rotation . sverybody clear it , move to the edge like soap flake in a water glass . the rotation stop . poople stop . 30 29 . continued : ( 4 ) 30 evorything stop . silence for a second . that who still remain stare into the middle of the perfect circle , which be now empty . Ray look at Vincent and julio , who be stand next to he . hobedy know what to gay . they look to the edge of the @ road , at the now - cutaway facade of the house , see a woman in she upstairs bedroom , stare in disbeliof at she new view of the street . okay , the buildup 's over . suddenly and with such force that we feel complotoly unprepare , the ceater of the crack heave up into the air , spew dirt , rock , and asphalt in all direction . what 's leave of the crowd surge backwards , away from it , which be good , because the geyser of earth that shoot out of the ground 4g poverful and voluminous . Water main shap lika toothpick , send geyser of water billow into the air . but still much of the crowd stay to gavk , stand in half - fascinate terror . Ray and that around he be knock into the air and land hard on they back in the street . he sit up , but it 's hard to see anything clearly , there 's dirt and water in the air and the earthquake be still go on , everything be jarre , shaking , but the one thing he get a good look at -- ~~ be the lag . Long , spindly , mechanical , it claw up out of the tear earth and 8 down into the pavement just in front of hin . it 's follow by a second leg , and a third , long seamingly - metallic tube threo foot in diameter , telescoping in the strangest manner we have ever see , they soam to both oxpand and collapse simultaneously , as if the metal be flow , in and cut , over itself , in continual flux . as each of the three log plant itself at oquidiotant point around the oiroumference of the circle , a bavoll pad irise out of the bottom and claw into the aarth , stabilize itself . ' then , as one , the three leg weir to life and exert prossure inward . from the conter of the hole in the street , the carth - smear , squarioh hulk of ... something rise out of the ground . Zt rest there on the surface for a ronent , as if the long olinb out of the ground have axhaust it . 30 31 30 . continued : ( 5 ) 30 vo porthole iris open on the side face we , they look like eye on a face . something rotatas within thom , as if the thing be look both way . thon the powerful leg kick in again and it begin to rise , shove aloft by its tripartite base , up into the air , ten foot , twenty , fifty , a hundred . finally , it stop , rest at the top of ite fully extend leg , hover thoro like a giant head on a pair of shoulder , peer down at the utterly thunderstruck human beneath in this way , the first of the ? ripod appear . rt stand there , a black silhouette against the sun , tting just bohind it . it 's strange , though this thing be clearly hypor-advanoed , in some waya it look ancient , full of stress mark and woather like a relic that 's just be dig out of the sand . whatever samblance of calm there be bofore be utterly go now , whoover be leave in the crowd back off as far and as fast as they can . but thera be that whose curiosity prevail , and Ray be one of they . he fall back with a group of a half dozen , into -~ the mouth of a alley , 31 -- maybe sixty or seventy yard away from the tripod . ' they strain for a look , elding they eye against though sun , which be blind behind the thing . cori what i8 it ?! ray vesus ! jesus christ ! 1 what i8 it ? ) ray it's moving ! truo onough , soon from they point of view , will soo the entire tripod shudder , as if it just take a mouthful of hard liquor . this movement shake the last of the remain dixt and rock from it , they fall to the street and smash . the thing just stand there again , unmove . suddenly , with a sharp bis8 , several vapor cloud shoot out of port on the side , as if the thing be breathe . 31 31 . continued : a 1 and a fat opray of water burst from its undercarriage , as if it 's take a loak on the straet . what the hell be it ? Ray look around . half the crowd be creep forvard again , not out in the open , of course , but in though mouth of alley and driveway , behind cara , in doorvay , half - shelter group of four and five stare opon - mouth at the apparition . in the street , there be no one , no sound . except for a click -click~click from across the atroot . a photographer stop from he hide place botweon two house and move into the streat . from the side of the tripod , a thin black whip emerge , maybe oix feat long , enakelike . it stiffena and unfold something flat and round from inside the head of the tripod . a becond photographer join the first , they move out into a open area to get better shot of the tripod . Tho flat , round thing pivot upward , and it look something like a suall satellite dish , except it 's perfectly polished , its surface brilliant and mirror-like . ray ( cont have ) get out of there ! be you crazy , get - he start to go after the photographer , but a big guy next to he grab he by the collar and pull he back . in the street , the mirrore disk turn ever so slightly , trail the photographer as they make they way into the open , just watch they , apparently it mean they no harm . Ray breathes a small sigh of relief . now , emboldane by the first two photographer , half a dozen amateur move into the street bear handheld video , flash camera , and the like the flash flash , strobing the block . immediately , the mirrore disk pivot in they diraction , what look like a glint of sunlight flash over it for the briefest of second -- = ~ and the photographer simply evaporate , they body turn to dust , leave they clothes float in midair . 31 32 . continued : ( 2 ) 31 Ray blink , he can not even register what 's just happen , it vas 80 fast , one second ago two man vere walk into the now they're , no , they do not even exist anyzore , all for nothing but blow dust now groun treet , and ib be to the they empty clothes with fledge panic that have be building in the crowd last . everyone take off , bolt from they hide place , scream in terror . Rather than tear ass into the opon with the other , Ray remain behind the corner of the building -~ ray ( cont would ) wait , don 't - -- but that around he bolt , and he desperate grab can not hold anyone back , the sudden movament of the crowd cause the tripod head to snap inte action . it pivot quickly , seem to brace itself , and the mirrore disk rotate , sweeping once across the street in a slow arc . the air betweon the disk and the material object on the ground waver , heat ripple like off the highway on a summer day , and slowly overyth before it ia incinerate . so swift and terrible be the heat ray 's destruction that before Ray can even back away , it 's nearly upon hin , wiping out the building he 's hide behind . Roy bolt into the street , just ahead of the heat ray . behind he , a fortyish guy run in terror in the same direction , toward the safety of another building , just ahead . Ray reach the building first and lunge around the corner , flatten himself against the building . reach out for the fortyish guy and get hold of he hand just as the heat ray reach that part of the street , it flash , Ray try to pull the man the gafety , he got the guy 's arm around the corner -- = ~ just as the deadly heat hit he . Ray pull the arm , but that 's all that 's leave of the guy by the time it come around the corner . Ray scream and look back in horror , toward the tripod . as ho watch -~ = - its leg suddenly telescope , vaulting though thing another fifty foot up into the air , but that 's not all , now up at thia new height , the horrible thing -- -- take a step forward . 31 33 . continued : ( 3 ) 2 it can move . as it begin to stride forward , the heat ray flash again , searing into the side of the brick building Ray be hide behind . as the brick begin to glow , Ray 's attention be catch by a father in one of the aplit-apart house , racing down the stair , hold one SMALL child and drag another kid by the hand . Ray 's eye widen , remember the kid , and he take off , dowa the narrow alley and ovar a chain - link fence at the other end , disappear into the smoke and haze . 32-35 omitted 32-35 36 int ray' house day 36 bang ! Ray , cover in ash , slam through the front door and stagger into the kitchen . he get there and turn in a half circle , traumatize , not sure where to go or what to do . his leg go out from under he and he collapse , cross-legged on the kitchen floor . Robbie and Rachel be visible through the open back door , stare over the tree line at the mayhem in the distance . they hear he and come into the house . robbie what happen ? he do not answer . rachel be you okay ? still no answer . rachel ( cont no ) dad ? what 's the matter ? robbie what 's that stuff all over you ? Ray got up and turn to though sink , catch sight of himself in a mirror hang there . his face be coverad in gray ash . rachel what 's all that smoke outside ? what 's go on out there ? Ray run water and splashes it over he for ash . the cold seem to bring he back to shing off the 36 a , continued : 36 robbie hey ! hello ? Ray turn back to thom . ray wo be get out of there . he go across the room , find Rachel 's american girl suitca : and rip it open . he start toss aside school fol a anything not absolutely necessary . he find a sweater , shov that back inside . also grab another coat , hang from a rack on the wall , and shove that in . robbie what ? why ? what 's go on ?! Ray grab a loaf of bread and a couple apple off the counter and shove they into the suitcase , shap it shut . he slide it across the floor to Rachel , it hit she foot and stop . ray take that and go wait by the front door . rachel where be will go ? Ray pick up a cardboard box next to the trash can , it 's full of paper for tha recycle . he dump the content onto the floor and shove the empty box into Robbie 's arn . ray take anything edible in the refrigerator and put it in this bex , plus the can stuf ? from the cupboard . robbie what 's - ray do what I say ! ( Robbie hesitates ) now ) Robbie see the look in Ray 's eye , see enough to know something very , very bad hae happen . he mova ! Ray open a drawor and take out a flashlight . he try it , but it 's dead . 36 37 38 39 40 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 36 Rachel , still pusgle , go to the coffee table and pick up the third - place ribbon , the one she be try to get she father to notice before . she put it in she pockat . Ray rip open a fresh pack of battery and dump they in the flashlight . ray ( cont would ) we be leave this house in sixty seco Ray try the flashlight again , now it work , and he toss it in the box . he turn and run up the stair . Rachel , confuse and alarmed , notice something out the open front door . 19 walk over to it and stand in the doorway . outside , two mew run past they house at top speed . Rachel watch ; think it weird . they street , which be perfoctly peaceful thirty second ago , be show the first sign of alara , bat it 's not yet widespread . ist ray n's bedroom day 37 Ray run into he bedroom , drop to the floor next to the bed , and 11 a metal box from underneath . it have a set of three tumbler no the top . he spin they to enter a three - digit code and open the box , which 49 a gun safe . ineide ig a .38 and a box of bullet . he dump the bullet in he pocket , puta the gun in he waistband , and run out . mt kide 's bedroom day 38 Ray grab Robbie 's backpack from off the bed . omitted 39 ext ray' house pay 40 fey , follow by the kid , bang through the front door of the house . there ie a good deal more commotion in the straet than two minute ago , but on a scale of one to ten , the panic level be still at a five . the first bit of news have coma back about the tripod attack by word - of-mouth , but the full tide of news be just about to hit . Ray drag Rachel up the sidewalk , in the direction that halp a dosew survivor seom to be fleece . Robbie follow at a half - trot , carry the cardboard box of food . robbie what happen ?! 40 36 . continued : 40 ray can not tell you now , we only get another minute . Ray look ahead , to the gas station on the corner , where manny slam the hood of tha car he be repair , which be now run . manny see Ray come and call out to he . haney ay Ray ! you be right ! have to change the solenoid too ! ' to the mechanic ) leave it on , run the alternator . Tho mechanic , who be behind the wheel , got out , leave the car run . Ray quickly form a plan , and ho lead the kid quickly toward the idling car . manny be at the corner , about ten foct away , talk vith though mechanic , notice the strange behavior of a few people in though street , wonder what 's go on . Ray , Robbie and Rachel reach the car . ray ( quietly , to the kid ) get in . rachel whose car be - ray ( hiss ) ye int they do , Robbie in the front passenger seat , Rachel in the back . Ray slide bohind the wheal you car day Ray slam the door . manny and though mechanic both turn at the sound . ray lock you door . they do . Ray hit the window '' up " button and the power window start to olide up , as manny turn and look at Ray , a odd smile on he faco . be extond he hand -- '' what 's the joke ? " suddenly and silently , right behind manny -- 37 . continued : ~- a maple troe burst into flane . this be seon from inside the car , which perhaps make it even more stun and horrific . the kid can only stare in stunne horror , but Ray drop the car in gear , hit the gas , and crank the wheel . the car spin a one - cighty in the parking lot , cut around manny , who have fall back from the tree in horror . his mechanic take off run , but in the wrong direction , straight out into the street , toward the approach chaos . at the edge of the driveway , Ray slam on the brake , reach in back , and throw open the rear passenger door . ha scream at manny . ray ( cont would ) ger int manny be stand in dumb terror , look up at the trea , at the flee people , and at Ray . ray ( cont would ) get ih , manny , or you be go to die ! ' this be word Rachel have never , ever hear speak in earnest . she start to scream . manny have a two -second window here to adjust to the new reality er cling to hig old one and -- with + he cling , snap out of he stupor with a look of fury . manwy get the hell out of that car ! wrong answer , and there 's no more time for the right one . Ray bit the gas and the car screech out of the parking lot , leave the furious manny behind , shout at they —- ~~ until he ia incinerate by the heat ray . his gas station bust into flama . again , the kid begin scream , but it 's hard to hear over the racing engine , the screeching tire . Ray lean forward , try 11ke hell to see through the windshield , through the smoke that 's now blankete the block . 42 43 44 45 46 3e . through the windshield , 42 we seo he 's reach the ond of the block , which be a T intersection . directly ahead of he be a bank of row house . as we look at tham -- = - they second floor burst into flame , leave the first floor intact . it 's as if the heat ray be angle slightly , or come over @ rooftop and not able to point all the way down . back ir the car , 43 Ray cut the wheel hard to the leave . Robbie turn and look out the back window , go of the top of the tripod as it rise up over t! then . just a glimpse rooftop behind robbie what be it71 rachel ie it the terrorist ?! ext empty strest dusk a 4 the car roar up a empty street , take they away from the chaos . ext freeway on -ramp dusk 45 still the only car on the road , they screech around a corner and hit a freeway on -ramp . we rise up , to gat a look at the freeway . it 's a massive parking lot . Ray steer they car onto the shoulder and they toar avay into the distance . the sun have set , and dusk ia start to fade . mt car dusk 46 on the freoway , there be a moment of quiet . it 's otherworldly up hero , though , though stall car whoosh by the window fest ; all traffic be stand still oxcept for they . lot of people aro still in they car , many aro stand on top of thom , try to get a look at what the hell ia go on . but ingide they car , they keep move , Ray blasting the horn to try to get poople off the shoulder ahead of they . Rachel be in back , eye wide , suck air hard through she nose , daep in a panic attack . 46 39 . continued : 46 Robbie look out at the swarm of people ag they roar past they on the frooway . robbie where be we go ?! ray I do not want to stop . we have get maybe the only work car anywhere around here , I be not stop until we be clear of iti robbie clear of what ?! ray I do not know . on the other side of the freeway , a dosen police car and firs truck race through the still traffic there , head in the direction Ray and the kid just come from . ( apparently that vehicle aro either still work or have be repair . ) Tho scream siren be deafen as they blast past . in the back seat , Rachel start crying hysterically . robbie what the hell be go on ?! ray you see . we be under attack . robbie by who ?! Ray do not answer -- how could you answer that ? robbie ( cont have ) who ig attack as ?! but Ray , try to concentrate on drive , be unnerve by Rachel 's hysteria . ray Rachel ! stop it ! stop it , Rachel ! but he 's upsetting she more , and she cry turn to scream . robbie ( to Ray ) you be freaking hor out ! 46 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 46 do something ! Robbie climb over the seat and slide in next to bis sister , comforting she . robbie okay , put ‘em up . { she keep cry ) c'mon , Rachel , make the arm . he hold he arm in front of he , make a space . she do the game thing . seem they have do this before . robbie ( cont no ) this space right here , this be yours . ' this belong to you . right ? rachel right . in front Ray tilt the rear view mirror , watch they . he can not hear what they be say , but it ' lafinitely work . as Robbie speak softly to Rachel in what seem a practice routine , she start to calm down , in back : robbie listen ... I '11 bo right back . I be just go in the front seat to talk to dad , T will be , like , two feat away , okay ? rachel opanick again ) bot robbie atright , alright , just ... just grab ny belt . he lean forvard , to talk to he father over the seat , and Rachel grab hold of he belt , to keep a hand on he . in front , Robbie lean in closer to hie father , lower he voice to a hushed whisper . robbie ( cont would ) I want to know everything you know . Ray look in the rear view , make sure rache ) be not watch they . he too lower he voice . al. 46 continued : ( 3 ) 46 ray this , this thing , like a machine . climb out of the ground . it just start burn everything . killing everybody . robbie what be it ? ray I do not know , robbie {a glance at Rachel ) be it terrorist ? robbie what do you mean , like , Europe ? ray maybe it come down in the lightning storm . maybe the thing be here already , bury , and then something else have to - robbie wait a minute , what do you mean , cane down ? you just say it be bury ! ray ' the machine , I be talk about , be vhat vas bury , what come down have to be vhat bring they up ... bring up ... Ray just look at he , can not bring himsolf to actually say '' a alien . '' Robbie return the look for a long , puzzle moment , then suddenly understanding break across be face and he grasp what he father be try to tell he without say . Robbie lean further forward and look up , out the front windshield . his eye crawl up , to search the sky . robbie why be not there any helicopter ? or airplane ? Whore be everybody ? Ray shrug . he lock back at Rachel . ray she okay now ? 42 . 46 continued : ( 4 ) 46 robbie yeah . ray what be that thing you do with she , with you arm ? robbie Works sometimes . she get claustrophobic . ray ( call out to she ) Rachel ? robbie I say she 's fine . ray you feel better ? rachel T want Mom . ray yeah , I know , I just want to say ... T need you to hold it together , you understand mo ? I gotta make a plan , figure out what will do -- rachel I want to be with Mom ! ray -- and when you be scream 1iko that , I can not think , '' can not - rachel Mom ! tako I to Mom 's ! ray fino ! Mom 's ! that 's where will be go , okay ?! , sho and Tim probably turn back when they hear what happen , just gimme a broak and - rachel Mom ! I want Mom ! ray I know ! sho start cry again . Robbie look at Ray digapprovingly . 46 a7 48 49 50 43 . continued : ( 5 ) 46 robbie wiee work . he sit back again , to calm she down once more . Ray look up in the rear view , seo they both look at he . the look in they eye be not one of confidenca . Ray look out through the windshield . they have reach a open pateh of interstate . wight be fall , but aside from they headlight , no man-made light come on to pierce the gloom . cur t0 : omttted a7 ext upscale subdivision night 48 a upscale suburban block . the powar 's still on here and all seem well , the stroetlamp throw warm light on two neat row of mcmansion . thé be not anybody out on the street , but that 's probably not unusual at this hour . Ray turn into the third driveway on the right and Rachel immediately bolt out of the car . ext mary anh' house night 49 Rachel tear ass across the front lawn and up to the front door . she push the doorbell , pound on the door . Robbie 's just id she , he gently push she out of the way and use a key to open it . the kid rush inside . int mary ann' house night 50 the house be dark . Rachel flick on the light and run inside . rachel Mom ! Mom , where be you ?! robbie Mom ? wo answor . Ray come in and close the door . while the kid search the house , Ray size up the place . it 's expensively furnish , spacious , clean . everything he place be not . Ho run a finger over a silver bowl on a side table . woticas a huge flat screen tv on the far wall . he check out a frame photograph , a shot of Mary Ann and Tim on a beach someplace , arm around the kid , Ray 's kid , avorybody look a little too happy . 4 '' 50 continued : 50 Rachel and Robbie burat back into the live room . robbie ( cont would ) they be go . rachel she 's dead ! they kill she ! ray she 's not dead , she 's just not hera . they wear never hore . robbie how do you know ? ray because they be on they way to Boston , they tell we , this would have be completely out of the way , the opposite direction . they keep go , they be up in Boston at you grandna 's by now . robbib I be gonna call she ! Ho goos and pick up the phone , dial . rachel how coma tha light work here but not at we place ? ray bocause nothing bad 's happon here . bee , I tell you , we be safe horo . Robbie , who 's pick up the phone , shout to then . gn the 'vhole system 's dovnl Ho hang up and immodiately dial again . ray everybody just relax , okay ? wo be here wa 'za stay . whon vo waka up in the morning , Tim and you mon be gonna be back , and everything 's gonna be fine . okay ? unconvince , they do not answer . so he answer himself . $ 1 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 50 ray ( cont would ) okay . cur to : int mary ann' house ~ kitchen '' wight $ 1 a fow minute later . the kid be oitting at the table and Ray be unpack the box of food that Robbie hastily throw togather . Ray look at the content as he unpack they , frustrated . ray mustard ? mayonnaise ? salad dress ? what the hell ware you think ? robbie that 's all there be in you fridge . ray microwave popcorn , that 's helpful . robbie ( half under he breath ) Dick . Ray do not hear that -- or maybe ho do , and chosa to ignore it . he open one of Mary Ann 's cabinet and start look there . ray where 's all the food ? robbie Mom give the cook though week off . ray the cook , right , silly I . ( shake he head ) she marry up , you non . robbie she sure do . ( Ray look at he sharply ) what ? you say it . rachel what do that mean , marry up ? ray nothin . means she love he . he find a jar of peanut butter and a loaf of bread on the counter . 46 . 51 continued : 52 ray ( cont would ) peanut butter . okay , good . we be gonna eat sandwich . rachel I be allergic to peanut butter . ray since when ? rachel birth . ray jugt eat the bread . rachel I be not hungry . ray {to Robbie ) see if you can find a can of tuna , robbie I be not hungry either . ray pine . he throw the bread back , lean against the counter , face away from they . silence for a long moment . rachel dad ? ray what ? rachel what be happen ? ( no answer ) 2 ( st4il no answer ) dad ? cur to : 52.0 int mary anh ‘s house - basement bight 52 the door open at the head of a flight of wooden stair and Ray start down the step into the basement . the kid follow he , carry armload of blanket and pillow . continued : it be nice . 47 . 52 rachel if everything 's fine , why do we have to sleep in the basement ? we have perfectly good bed . ray think of it like camp out . robbie what be you afraid ic gonna happen ? ray ( look around ) who have a basement this nice ? there 's a stairmaster , stretch machine , other workout stuff , and a mirrore wall with free weight on rack . Ray find a likely corner and dump the blanket and pillow . Robbie roll she . rachel I want to sleep in my bed . 1 hava back problem . ray ( get exasperate ) look , you know on the weather Channel how when there 's a tornado , they tell everybody to go down to the basement ? for safety ? it 's like that . rachel there 's gonna be tornado ? he eye , annoyed by he father 's mishandle of robbie wo more talk . Lay down , Rachel . he fluffe a couple pillow and rachal lay down . he lay down beside Ray plug a nightlight into a wall socket nearby , then come and pull a blanket up over Rachel . she stare at he , eye wide . ray in the morning , we will soe what 's go on . we be safe here for tonight . robbie how do you know ? 52 ag . continued : ( 2 ) 52 ray I be gonna be right in this chair over here . he turn and walk toward a old beat - up armchair under a window , one of that narrow top -of - the-basement window that be right at grass lovel . on the way he bend down , surreptitiously pull something from Robbie 's backpack , which 1 against the wall . it 's the .38 he take from the gun safe under he bed . hiding it behind one leg , he turn and drop into the chair , slide though gun betwen tha cushion and the ara of the chair , within easy reach . all of this he feel he have dono on the sly , but whan hoe settles ante the chair and look up , Rachel be stare right at hin . rachel dad ? ray yeah ? rachel be I evor go to see Mom again in my life ? ray yes . you be , I promise . rachel toll I the other stuff . ray what other stuff ? rachel the stuff you do not want mo to know . he look at she . the kid 's too smart . he move clo on the floor next to she and try he best . ray ever could bullshit you . rachel you should not use that language in front of I . ray right , right . Ho think . how the hell do you explain this ono ? 49 . 52 continued : ( 3 ) 52 ray ( cont would ) well , that ... that lightning storm , it make the power go out , right ? I do not know how , but it stop all the phone , and tv , and most cara do not work . wow , anothor thing tha lightning do be it ... seam like it make this machine com up gut of the earth . and thet machine , tee . at ... rachel it kill people . yes , it do . rachel how do the machine get down in the earth ? ray I do not know . rachel ie there more than one machine ? ray wo. absolutely not . I only see one , I be sure of it . rachel woll , who be the people who put it thero ? ray let I tell you something I know for gure , okay ? wherever they be from , they have do a vory stupid thing . I do not know what they expect to find when they get hore , maybe no lito , maybe nothing at all . but they find we . and they piss we right off . and right now we army have find out about they , and thoy ara very , very angry , and they be on they way this very minute to destroy that machine and vhatevor be run it . and then everything in you life , and mine , and Robbi be gonna go right back to exactly the way it be before . she look at he for a long moment , decide whether or not to believe that . apparently satisfied , she roll ovar , face away from he , and close she eye . 53 50 . compinued : ( 4 ) 32 Ray goos back to the chair and alouch into it , breathes deeply . he 's about to close he eye when Robbie roll over , eye open , stare at hin . Ray look at he . Robbie continue to stare . in the background , we can see Rachel put she arm out in front of she , make apace like she do in the car with robbio . ray ( cont no ) {to Robbie , a whisper ) what ? robbie he die . that guy , manny . he die , ray you be alive , be not you ? Robbie consider this , he face neither condemn nor excuse . just think about the now reality . Ray break the eye contact , pull he yankee cap low over he eye and try to gat some ol 80 end the first night . int basement night 53 or so wa think . it 's later . the kid be deeply asloop , Ray lightly so . the nightlight glow in the socket on the other side of the basament , a big round clock tick on the wall . tick . tick . tick . the narrow window over Ray 's hoad rattle lightly in its frano , shsken by the wind . or be it the wind ? because the window start rattling harder , too hard for just wind . Ray 's eye pop open . he look up , at the pale moonlight come through the rattling window . Ray twist in he chair , look up at the window . he get up and stretch to look out through it . through the window , he see the tree in the front yard bend from a heavy wind . 53 $ 1 . continued : 53 Ray turn from the window , think . a hollow boom in th distance draw he ention back to the window , and it 's follow quickly by a second boom , and then a third . ray oh , no ... outaide the window , there be a silent , blind flash of purple ant that _u1luninate the entire basement as if it be daytime lor a second . both kid sit bolt upright . rachel what io it ?! be it the lightning ? ray I do not know } I do not think so . another purple flash , brilliant and searing , it light up the entire basement for a aplit-second , and it 's followad closely by @ tromondous book . ro ! wha that sound ?! rachel ie it they ?! be it they ?! they atart to get up , but -~ ray stay down ! Ray throw himself on they and they huddle into a corner . ' the boom grow louder , and the purple flash , hot and irregular , continue to flash into the basement through the window . but this time another sound rie : like the scream of a engine . up over everything ; this one 's it start ont loud and get louder , deafen , a harsh metallic shrieking sound that be absolutely the loudest thing we have aver hear in we life , and it 's building and building and building , like a bomb about to fall right on top of we . on the far wall of the basement , the rack of free woight start tremble , tipping , spilling voighta that slam onto the floor around thom . 54 55 52 . continued : ( 2 ) 33 Ray and the kid be shout and scream at each other , but have can not hear a word of it , and it sound like that bomb be go to be right on top of we in a few second . Ray scream something we can not understand to Robbie , gesture urgently . Robbie shout back , point to the other side of the sement . Ray leap to he foot , drag Rachel with he , gesture for Robbie to go , quickly . understand , Robbie lead they all across the basement , further in , toward a metal door on the far side , he throw open the door -- mr machine room night 54 -- and thore 's a staircase , down , and then another door at the bottom of it , a fire door , he open that one tco and they all fall into a deop , windowless room light only by the flash lightning come through the open door . we get just a glimpse of the inside of this sub-basement , it 's full of pipe and tank and the other junk that run a house , then both the inner and outer door slam , we be inside and in total darkness and -~ th total black , 55 =- though bomb hit . Tho explosion above and around thom be go bono-rattle , and so close , that will practically lose we hearing for a minute . it sottles , but have be still in darkness . Long moment go by . outside , there be diminish thunks and boom as the residual oxplosion from whatever happen outside begin to fade . paintly , will can hear fire . but that start to fade too . until we can only hoar the breathe of throa people . breathe . silence . still black . finally : rachel ( a whisper ) aro have still alive ? int ' sub - basement day 56 the next morning , not that we would know -- the screen still black . ( we be go for a record for on -scraon blackness hore . ) 57 $ 8 53 . continued : 56 wo hoar the sound of someone waking up . a rapid intake of breath , @ jerk sound , a grunt . it 's Ray . at first , terror , he 's lose in darkness , where the hell be he ? foet scrape , he must ba got up . he fumble around , search the walle with hie hand . his hand fall on a doorknob , he turn and push it open . now narrow atream of light fall into the machine room . we seo Robbie and Rachel aro still asleep , slumpad over in the corner . Ray find something to prop open the door and look up the short flight of staira that lead to the basement . there 's daylight come around the edge of the door at the top of the stair . without waking the kid , he climb the short flight of stair and turn the knob . he push . but though door will not open . he lean up against it , put he shoulder into it and force it open about two foot , which be all it will give . immediately , he wince from the brilliant daylight , but why be there brilliant daylight in the basement ? # be eye adjust and he realize -- ext ruiwed basement day 87 =- the entire house have be wrench right off its mooring . the basement be now wrookage , the only thing leave lead up to the ground floor , oddly spare in whatever catastrophe occur here last night . overhead , blue sky . stun , Ray pick he way through the wreckage and climb the basement stair , which load up to ground level . ext ruined house day 58 Ray reach the top of the stair and stand in the ruin of the house . it 's not so much that the house be tear down , more that it be shear off its foundation , as if something reach down and awipe it away . wa be look at Ray , but something 's obstruct we vision , something turn , spin in front of we . all around , thick black amoke waft through the air , and as a breeze pick up , it part , revealing to Ray the source of though deafen explosion they hear last night , and finally will understand the apocalyptic sound we hoard be cause by -- 58 54 . continued : se -- the crash of a 767 . the ontire tail section , nearly intact , be bury in though house across the straet , which hao baen decimate . we pull back , and realize the thing spin slowly in front of we be the turbine of one of the engine , turn slowly by the morning brease . wrackage be everywhore , the entire row of house across the stroot wipe out or by tha orash or though result fire , and though debris field extond a hundred yard in all direction . there do not appear to be any survivor , either from the plane or in the nearby home , a unearthly quiet have fall over the neighborhood . it appear the plane come in low , right over this aide of the street , clipping this house and the one beside it , thon crash on the other sida . but somo thing be oddly spare . he screen porch , otill ntact . a bicycle , loaning against a tree . the steal car still dn the driveway , thank God . like the sleepwalker , Ray stumble forward , cross what use to be t in the direction of the wreckage . he stop short , next to a upright row of seat , five acrova from the coach cabin . there be no corpse in thom , but the seat belt be all tear , the body rip froo . Ray look around . Ho call out . ray hello ?! ( no answer ) anybody ?! {st411 nothing ) can anybody hear mb ?! he turn around and nearly jump out of bis skin as he peep a man bent ovor right behind he , face away . the guy 's about forty , he shirt 's soak in blood , and he 's uaing a crowbar to try to pry open 4 smashed and twiate food cart . Ho clutches a bandana over bic mouth the keep out the emoke and stench of the burn jet ae . ray ( cont would ) Jesus , be you all right ? be you on the plane ?! the guy do not answer , just keep pry at the cart . 58 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 ray ( cont no ) I say be you all - Ray walk forward and put a hand on the guy 's shoulder , and the man whirl , fast , brandish the crowbar . voice ( 0.8 . ) Ho 's deat . Ray turn and see a tv news van that 's pull up onto the curb . the back door be open and a news producer , a young woman around thirty or so , ie sit there , shell - shocked . her clothes be tear and burn , and she 's get a bandana over she mouth too , which she move only when she 's speak to Ray . wews producer a shell wont off right beside he . camera on he shoulder save he life . ( shouting ) you hear that , Max ?! you stupid camera save you stupid life ! Max goos back to pry open the food cart . Ray choke , gag from the fume . she tor ( which he taka and use throughout the sce : wews producer ( cont would ) take this one . I be use to it . ray thanks . where wear you ? she point behind they , to the west , where a line of smoke rise on the horizon . news producer out there , in the pine barren . wo be attach to a National Guard unit , the 83rd mochanize . they move on ono of that thing around midnight . thoy have get kind of shield around ‘em , you can not see it , but everything will fire at they detonate too early , bafore it get lose enough to do any damage . than they flash that , that thing , and everything light up like Hiroshima . rat ( realise with horror ) there 's more than ona ? 58 56 . continued : ( 3 ) 58 she give he a look . news producbr aro you kid ? int news van day sa bam ! the slide side door of the now van slam open and daylight spilla into ite haif - wrock but otill fusction terior . thero 's abit scatterad everywhere , thoy 'vo baan drive this thing like maniac , but the twin wall of electronic oquipment atill appear intact . the how producer clinb in , Ray stand jast outeide - he talka tas sho sort through pile of three quarter inch videotape , push a few of thom inte machine . ews producer there 's a lot more than one . sha hit play on the first machine and a jerky , low -resolution night -viaion image coma up on the screen . Ray peer closely at it . it 's a battlefield , there 's fire and oxplosion everywhere , shot with a very long lens from far away , but in a brief momant of noar- clarity you can juat barely make out the tall , spindly shapea that dominate the field . tripod . helf a dozen of than . wews producer ( cont would ) we be foed how York , but mew York go dark , so we patch over to D.C. , and they go down . Ray peora closar . 8 a enormous amount of atatic and terference in the shot , but there be flashos when have can just make out what 's go on -- the tripod be march through city somewhere , maybe downtown hewark . but whenevor the imago become clear enough to give we a good look , the interference wipe it out again . news producer ( cont have ) L.A. , Chicago , we uplink to London , even call affiliate to try to get tham to catch the fead , but nobody answora . on the scraen , a skyline be visible , it 's definitely Newark , but then there 's a onormous amount of interference , and when the image clear ~~ -- the okyline 4s go , replace by a smolder valley . 57 . sa continued : 56a news producer ( cont no ) it 's the same evarywhere -- once the tripod start to move , no more news come out of that aroa . outside , there be a explosion in the distance . the cameraman shout at they from outside . cameraman ( 0.5 . ) we can not stay here ! the producer hit play on the next machine and Ray move in closo to the screan . wow it 's shaky , hand -held footage from right down in the thick of the battle , this must be how Max lose he hearing . ray hy God . news producer you be not see nothin yet . she hit '' play '' on a third recorder and another screen come to ligo . it look like a mistake at first , it 's just brilliant , blind flash that blank out the screen . ray that 's one of the lightning storm , I be in one of that , I see this . news producer you do not see it like this . that thing , the tripod , they come up out of the ground , right , so that mean they must hava bury ‘em here a long tine ago . but who 's drive the God damn thing ? take . she slow the image on screen down to a crawl , allow we to look closely at one lightning bolt in particular . there 's something in it , a object of sone kind , a thing . ray what ... be that ? news producer that ... be they . another explosion in the distance , but slightly closer . remember , Ray take the shard of burnt-glass from he pocket , the one he pick up earlier . Ho stare at it , think . it 's get some structure to it , like the bottom of a Coke bottle . se . 58a continued : ( 2 ) s8a 59 like dt be make , or forge , it 's not a natural shape . he look from it to the screen , thing coma together in he head . ray they be in some kind of capsule . they gene down in the lightning , they ride it news producer ( finish he think ) into the ground , into the machine . and once they activate they - a third lobiow cut she off , as if to finish she think , but this one 's enormous , and really clo : it rock the van almost knock then off they foot , remind they thoy nre still in a var go . the camoraman race past Ray -~ cambramah wa be get the hell outta here ! -- rip open the driver 's door and jump inside . he start it up and gun the engine . the News producer shout to Ray over the roaring engine . wews producer rey , wait a second , wear you on this plane ?! ray Ho . the cameraman drop the car in gear and hita the gas . wews producer ( as the van roll ) too bad ! woulda beon a hell of a story ! sha slam the slide door and the van tear away . bxt mary anh' house - wreckage day 59 Ray be look straight at we . ray look at I , understand ? do not look down , do not look around mo , just keep you eya on mo . Robbie see it all and noarly choke , try not to vomit . 59 . 59 continued : 59 Rachel nod solemnly to Ray and he otarto to valk hor past the omok wreckage , spare she the hideous sight . as they walk , ho talk soothingly to har . ray ( cont would ) wo be go to Boston , sweetie . we be gonna find you 60 - 64 omitted 60-64 65-658 omtpfed 65-658 66 bey local road = day . 66 they car roar down a desert road , head north . there be a fow other car , but none of they be move , thay '’re pull over to the side of the road , some leave in the middle , but no people to be see , not a soul , not anywhere . 67 '' ir caar pay 67 Ray drive , Robbie 's in the front seat , Rachel in back . Robbie 's search for radio station , but there 's only static . robbie why the hell be not we on the highway ? ferry , then cross the river and stay on back road across Connecticut . rachel Whore be everybody ? rat hiding in they basement , probably . most escape , I hope . but will be ' gonna catch up to they , I can tell you that . Robbie lean over , lower he voice so Rachel will not here . robbie xf will have any ball , will would go back and find one of that thing and - ray ( outing he off ) how about you let I decid when will fight ? 67 70 60 . continued : 67 robbie which would be vhon , novar ? hever 's about you speed , ia not it , Ray ? ray enough with the " Ray " shit . it 's dad or , if you want , Mr. forrier , but that seam waird to I . you decide . Ray look at he for a long moment . Robbie moot bis aye for a moment , then go back to tuning the radio . still only static . cot to : ext ' the middle op nowhere day 68 they have move substantially furthor north , they be now in farmland . it seam untouched by the battle that have ragad further south . to the leave be a seemingly andless corn field . to the right , a untill meadow . it 's here the car slow and pull over to the aide . the passenger side door start to opan , then abruptly -- mr car day 69 -- slam shut . Ray have reach past Robbie , who vas try to get out , and pull he door shut hard . ray wot so fast . robbie I gotta go . ray we get two thing to watch for , and the second be people vho might want we car . robbie there 's nobody around ! Ray take a long look around . the land ia reasonably flat , you can see pretty far in all direction . he relent , take hie hand off Robbie 's arm . Robbie bolt out of the car , muttering under he breath . ext lonely intersection day 70 a few moment later , Ray open the trunk and take out a gas can . though the car be still run , he unscraw the gas cap and upend the can , into the tank . 70 n 72 61 . continued : 70 off to the right , there be a tree line about fifty yarda avay . though rebbie have stop short of it to go to the bathroom , Rachel be walk towards it . ray ( call out ) Rachel ! right there io fine . bhe keops walk , call back over she shoulder . rachel I be not go in front of you guy ! she keep walk , toward the tree line . Ray watch for a moment , think . he look around . they certainly be alone . he look over the roof of the car at rachol , who 's near the tree line now . ray stay where I can see you ! Rachel shout something back , but he can not understand she . she step into the tree . bxt ' wood : day nm Rachel enter the wood at the edge of the field . look around here , you would not droam there 's anything unusual go on in the world «- tree , sunlight , bird , rabbit skip through the underbrush . Rachel look all around , find a likely spot , and be about to go to the bathroom when she hear a sound . she turn . nothing threaten , just rush water . a river . she walk a few step more and leok through a stand of tree . Beyond , she can see the Hudson River move past . the sunlight dapple off its move surface . it 's entice . she move through a stand of tree and come out -- bxt river' edge day 2 ~- on ite bank . it 's beautiful . she look upriver . it bend to the leave just about fifty yard away . Rachel something float around the bend , something large and dar ! Rachel 's eye video and she froere ac the strong current pull the something right past she . it 's a dead body , float face down in the river . 72 73 62 . continued : af ) Rachel stare at it , transfix , as it move inexorably past she . it 's a man , or it be , in a business suit , but that 's not what catch she attention . it 's he hand , which be still clampod onto a leather briefcase , the finger lock around the handle in a death grip . it pass , and Rachel let out a breath of relief . at least it 's go . she turn to look back upriver -- => and see hundred of body float around tha bend in the river , bob swiftly toward she like a huge dead ary . she scream and turn to run , but there 's a man behind she , he geab she roughly , she scream louder -- + + before realise that it 's she father . ray I say stay where I can see you ! rachel I be sorry ! I be sorry , I be sorry ! Ray look up , just as the logjam of corpse move past they . he turna he daughter around , away from the carnage , and she bury she face in he stomach . CUT to : ext ' the middle of howhere day 3 Tho three of they come out of the field and be return to the ear when Ray stop suddenly , hold up a hand . the kid stop , look at he questioningly . what be that ? in the distance , a low rumbling sound be rise up . it get loud fast , really loud , they all turn toward a rino in the road , and though rumbling around they become almost deafen as -- + a army convoy roar over the rise in thr road . Tho three of they stare in wonder from the side of the road as a entire mechanize battalion passas they by , a column that seem the go on forever . tank , Bradley fight vebic : humvee after humvee , dosen of armored personnel carrier , it 's a awesome display of military might . 73 63 . continued : 3 Robbie run alongside tham and wave like a madman , scream the unprintable thing he want then to do to the invader , thankfully lose under the noise . Ray run aftor he , grab he and pull he back . robbie let go of mo ! ray what be you , suicidal ? Robbie tear away and keep up with the convoy . Ray pursue he and both of they shout over the noise of the pass truck . robbie t snow where I be go ! I do not need you as a tank roll past he , Robbie make eye contact with one of the soldier riding on top of it , he head and shoulder protrude from the hatch . he 's not much older than Robbie himself , maybe nineteen year old . Robbie stare , star strike , as the Young soldier pass . Ho grab hold of a handle on the back of the tank , it almost pull he over . a soldier shout at he : soldier watch it , kid , you be gonna get hurt ! Ray grab hold of Robbie and pull he roughly avay from the convoy , stop hin by the side of the road . ray you know what , the sixteon year old hardass routine be gettin’ a little tired . I know what 's back in that direction , believe I , anybody who stick around to find out for themselves be dead ! I be not gonna let that happen to youl in the background , we see Rachel start to pursue they . robbie what do you care ?! yor real , you nover give a shit before , why start now ? ray okay , you win , what 's you plan ? Cone on , lay it out for mar , you be in charge , what do wa do ? 64 . 73 ° '' continued : ( 2 ) 73 robbie I '11 tell you what vo do , we catch up to that soldier , hook up with vhoover else be not dead , and wa get back at ' ent ray yeah , now let 's try one that do not involve you ten year old sister join the army . you get anything like that ? they be still move , and in the background we can see Rachel run now , racing toward then . robbie why do not you just tell we the truth ? you have no idea which way to go . you wanna come off all wise and shit , but you only pick Boston hecause you think Mom be there , and if we find Mom you can dump we on she and you will only hava to worry about yourself , which be oxactly the way you lika it . admit it , Ray , at least I will respect you . the convoy roar avay , a cloud of dust recede on the horigon as the convoy fade away to the south . Rachel , who 's nearly hysterical , catch up to Ray and Robbie and slam into Robbie , hit he with ball - up fist . rachel do not you leave I , do not you do that ! do not you ever do that to I ! robbie Rachel , stop , hey , ow ! rachel you can not leave , you can not just run away ! who 's go to take care of I if you go ?! who 's go to take care of I this , more than anything , make Robbie feel terrible . robbie I be sorry . Rachel , I be sorry . he pick she up and carry she back toward the car , murmure softly to she to calm hor down . and you know , it do not make Ray feel any too good either . he watch he kid walk avay from he , feel horrible . worthless . 73 ° continued : ( 3 ) 3 Robbie look back over he shoulder . he and Ray mako oyo contact , then Robbie go back to comforting Rachel , perhaps a bit more tenderly than he even need to . Ray take a deep breath and follow then . cur of : 74-75 omitted 14-75 75a BT car day 75 k the speedometer needle be on eighty and hold steady . the car and ite three occupant keep move north , on another two - lene highway . the sky be dark and a light rain be start to fall . Rachel , in back , have fall asleep . in the front , Ray 's eye be droopy . Robbie be back to obsessively tuning the radio , but the digital number just whis around and around the dial , not even find anything to stop on . until , suddenly , it stop , way up on the dial , 108.6 . voice ( on radio ) <-> tune to this station for update . repeating : Ray and Robbie look at each other sharply . Robbie turn it up . voice ( on radio ) ( cont ’d ) you be tune to the emergency broadcast system . this be a test . this be only a test . in the event of a real emergency , keep you radio dial tune to this station and instruction and information will be provide . repeating -- you be tune to the emergency broadcast system . this be a test . this be only a test . in the event of a real emergency - disgust and disappointed , robbio click it off . Ray , tired as hell , catch himself nodd off behind the wheel and shake he head , try to wake himsolf up . robbie I could drive for a while . ray you do not have a license . 178a continued : 75 a 76 robbie when do that ever stop I ? Ray look at he , and a second later -- mr car -p ( dusk 16 ~- _ho 's behind the wheel , and Ray 's in the passenger seat , '' head against the window . some time have go by , it 's dusk now , and a heavy rain be fall . yook . Robbie turn abruptly , as a person flash paat the car , walk by the ooo of the road . surprise , Robbie turn and look over 3 shoulder . foom . foom . will more people , valking down the sida of the road . Robbie tighten he grip on the wheal . there 's a grow stream of pedestrian on the side of the road , all carry bundle and bag of possession , all walk in the same diraction . robbie Ray . Ray do not vake up . Robbie 's vhite - knuckle on the wheel . in back , Rachel look out the window too . seon through the glass , reflect off hor face , there be a grow stream of displace people . many ara on bicycle , some push stock - up baby stroller or shopping cart fill vith loot supplies -- refugee , but this be America , this be Americans . some shout , wavo , try to hitch a ride . robbie ( cont have ) Ray ! dad ! bo smack he father in the shoulder , and Ray 's eye pop open . ha looka around , vild - eye , disorient . ray what be it ? robbie people . everywhere . he slow to sixty . more people . wow to fifty . not because Robbie want to go slower , just to avoid hit then . 76 67 . continued : 16 ray let I drive . ( Robbie brake ) do not stop . keep the car move , hold you speed , just slide over . he climb over the back of the seat and come around to behind the driver 's seat . Rachel feel the movement on the seat in front of she and wake up , blink in confusion . rachel what be you do ? ray just goofin . go back to sleep . Robbie slide over in front , now drive with he leave hand , he leave foot on the gas . Ray slip over the back of the driver 's seat and back behind the wheel . ra-thunr . the door lock chunk down . Ray slip he seat belt over he shoulder as he make he way through the grow crowd . ray ( cont would ) put yours on . Rachel lean forward between the seat . rachel where be everybody go ? ray they do not know . rachel but wa do , right ? yeah . wa do . the crowd 's grow , march toward a bottleneck up ' the work motor vehicle be arouse a lot of interest . Ray slow even more , down to thirty - five . ' thunk ? somebody have shacked the hood of the car with a backpack in frustration as they drive past . ' rachel why would he do that ?! 68 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 ray he just want a ride , that 's all . rachel can we give he one ? ray sit back , Rachel . put on you seat belt . the crowd ig really thicken now , the car slova to maybe twenty mile a hour , and even that feel too fast , give the muddy condition , Ray clamp both hand on the wheel . robbie be careful ! ray I be . a crasy guy lunge in front of the car , wave he arm , but Ray snap the wheel to the right and fishtail around he , slip on the wot pavament , but manage to keep it on the road . robbie where be they go ?! ray tha ferry , probably , it 's just up ohead . but we be go all though way to the bridge , 4t '11 be wide open and it 's only another - crash ! a bouldor swashes into the windshield , opiderwebbing it . Rachel scream , Ray and Robbie shout in surprise , and Ray immediately twitches the wheel to the right and punch the gas . ray ( cont have ) hang on . haul the car onto the shoulder and take it up to thirty or so again , he can move faster here and the crowd be stay mostly out of he way , except for the shout and jeer and some plead cry . robbie papi ray I sbe iti 16 69 . conpirued : ( 3 ) 16 * 1t " be a tent that 's set up on the side of the road , thirty foot abead of they , Ray have to swerve hard , back onto the road , and the crowd be get thicker and thickor now , it 's all he can do to pick he way through it without hit anybody . they be get angrier too , founding on the car as it pass . but suddenly , up ahead , there be daylight , a big gap in the orowd , and beyond that open road , as they all see to be move off to the right , down a incline that lead to the river . Ray 's eye light up , he hit tha gas , he 's twenty foct fram vide open road , ton fest , but just in front of hin -- -- a guy push a woman in front of the car . Ray shout , cut the wheel and slam on the brake . ‘he car spin , but Bay have just barely enough control to somehow , mireculously , cut a semi-circle around the woman in the road . ‘ho ass end of the car sping all the way around the front and slam into a trea by the side of the road . Ray snack he head off the driver 's window , Robbie and Rachel be jostle but unhurt , and the car come to a stop . Ray turn , look at they , disorient . ray ( contd ) be you okay ?! aro you guy - suddenly , a gang of teh deocend on the car , banging on the window with they fist . BAY ( cont have ) GE thr hell away from - smash ! somsbody 's get a rock , and they hurl it through Ray 's window . Glass fly and he recoil , he face fleck with blood from the fly shard . hand reach in , they be all in the car all of a sudden , Ray 's door ie unlock , and he be drag out . robbie get you hahd off he ! rachel stop if stop if stop ifit ! rebbio throw he own door open and lunge into the thick of the crowd to try to protect he father . 7 70 . ext side of the road dusk 7 the gang of ten ( from all walk of life , the only thing they havo in common be they desire to stay alive ) drag Ray out of the car and throw he to tha ground across the road . the rain be really pour down now , Ray be face down in the mud with somebody 's kneo in he back , no view of anything but feat kick up the road around he , and though feod fronzy that io currently take place over he car . Robbie try to get near he but somebody tako a swing and it land on the side of Robbie 's face . Ho crumplos into the mud . ray Rachel ... Robbie ... ! somebody kick he hard in the rib and he cough , spit blood . a stick crack onto the back of he neck and he face rake across the dirt . a vorcg in the background scream at they to stop it , but we can not geo who this decent person be , and can not hoar much over the crowd . in the midst of take a beat from he faceless buman enamio , Ray manage to work he right hand free from underneath hin . he snake it around , to behind he back , he raach up under he shirt , he finger close around something -- = - and all at once he roll over , out from under the foot , pull though .38 from the waistband of he pants . vorcg ( 0.8 . ) gun ! voice 2 ( 0.8 . ) he‘s got a gun ! ' the crowd that have gather over hin part , revealing th the ony for @ moment , and Ray fire a shot , straight up over he hea the crack roll out over the crowd and they part , revealing he car again . Ray scamper to he foot . Rachel be still in the back seat , men be swarm into the front , and Robbie , who have fight to he foot , be near the heod , fight and kick for all he 's worth . ray get away from the car . W no . continued : n there be a ranponee , but it be not quick enough to suit Ray 's he F ; another shot into the air . ray ( cont no ) gbt away prom the car ! now the movement from the car be more panicked , the crowd move back , soma put they arm up in surrender , other urging Ray to calm down . but he 's in control now , he 's get the situation in hand and all he have to do be - click-clack . a load gun move into framo , point at Ray 's temple . a guy i8 a buit hold the weapon , it 's cocked and load . guy ih suit put it down . I be take the car . ray my daughter 's in thore ! guy in suit put it down ! ray all I want i8 my daughter ! guy ib suit put the GOD damn gun down or I pull the ' trigger ! the crowd swirl and shout around he . ( see appendix C . ) Ray drop tha gun in the mud , it 's pounce on by several more of tha gang , and in the ensue confusion Ray be able to leap forward , to the car . ( in the background , a guy in a bus driver be uniform onde up with Ray 's gun . ) at the car , Ray reach around the front seat and unlock though rear door , grab hold of the petrify Rachel . immediately , hand be on he and he be drag away from the car again , but this time he 's get a grip on Rachel . Ray and Rachel be pull back , away from tha car , and fall to the road as the guy in the suit and two other large men pile into the car . mhey start the engine , over the protest of some othera in the crowd . 7 73 72 . continued : ( 2 ) 7 arm lock tight around Rachel , Ray fall over backwards . he turn and come eyo to eye with he own handgun , now hold by the Bus Driver , who have another eye on the car . Ray roll over , drag Rachel out of the mud and to she foot , and move away , toward the incline that lead down to the river below , whoro most of the crowd be headod . ray robbie ?! robbie ! robbie i'm here ! Robbie follow they , they gat just ten step from the road , they steal car ( now steal again ) start roll , but the Bus Driver step calmly up to the driver 's window and -- -- pop ! pop ! pop ! ' the three man in the car be shot , the door flung open , they be drag out and the car be once again swarm over . ext on the embankment dusk 78 thora be scream from the crowd of paople swarm over the sido of the road and down the embankzent , and now Ray , Robbie , and Rachel be among they , without transportation and without provision , swopt along on the tide of humanity , down the hill . Ray be carry Rachel , she 's hugging he tightly , hysterical but unhurt . robbie where be will go ?! up ahead , they hear soothing music wafting strangely through the tree . ' Tho people around they hear it too , they all press forward , dravn . ray we be gonna ba okay ! robbie where be we go ?! ray it 's thore ! l it 's work ! ser ?! Robbie look ahead , and we vision sweep that way too . down the embankment , they be approach the edge of the Hudson River , and thore , moor at the dock , its massive engine humming -~ 79 73 . ext ferry landieg bight 79 -- be the Hudson highland farry . the river 's not terribly wide at this point , but it 's swift and dangerous . just a mila or two to the north , we can sao the massive span of the great bridge Ray have hope to make it to , but without a car the ferry be now they only hope to gat across . might have fall , and the rain drissle to a stop . tha music they hear be louder here , play through the boat 's tinny speaker , perhaps to soothe the panicky crovd . a ferry worker be shout the the crowd through cup hand . ferry worker please move forward calmly ... there ia room for everyone , and the boat can make more than one trip ... please , move forward calmly ... for the most part , the massage be got through . the crowd be huge , but the boat be too , and there 's no real sense of urgency . the further they get downhill from the road , the more the shoot at the car be leave behind then . as the crowd thicken , they notice people hold up hand - draw flier , show picture of love one , search for though miss . Light pole be plaster with similar flior , and since the power 's out , they 'ra all make by hand , with real photograph tape to they . a dingieg sound get they attention and the crowd stop , look around . a set of railroad crossing barrier descend right in front of they and , look down , they realize a set of railroad track run between they and the ferry landing . the crowd look around , wait for the train to come , and it arrive suddenly , all at once , barrel toward tham at a hundred mile a hour . and it 's on fire . a shocked silence fall over the crowd as the burn passenger train fly past they , a runaway , flame spew from every window , completely out of control . wo sign of life be visible vithin and , as quickly as it appearod , it fly past they , around a bend in a puff of smoke . the gate rise , and the crowd push toward the ferry again . mar . 798 ext on the dock night 79 k they reach the edge of the dock and step onto it . it 's tighter hore , the crowd have to bottloneck a little bit , but people be still be cool about it . the music be loudor . rachel the power 's still on here ? ray look like it . wothing come out of the ground here . at the edge of the dook , the a 8 @ Red Cross blood drive booth sot BEN volunteer , but they be turn volunteer ( through a mogaphone ) unlass you be 0 positive and re negative , thank you very much , but will already have more blood than will can use . again , 4f you be 0 positive , re nagative , please identity yourolf , if you be not , thank you vary muoh but will already havo more blood than people who need transfusion . once again -- and it go on , as they move past the booth . nearby they , a guy with a transistor radio have roplace the battery and get it work again , unfortunately there 's nothing bat static ali over 1a . we start in close on the dial as it twist through the station , find no information there . pull up from it , we follow Ray , Rachel and Robbie as they move through the crowd , down the hillside toward the dock . as they go they overhear murmur , vhisperings , snatch of conversation , the only information anybody can glean about what exactly be go on : older mah we have get it the vorst here , that 's what I hear . the u.8. ly , South America and Asia soma . thore 's nothing happen in burope . younger man really ? that 's not what I hear . older man you hear wrong , it 's mostly hore . of course they come after ua first . 18 . 794 continued : 798 now a quick fragment from behind they : fragment guy 1 - we be suppose to meet in New London - they keep move , pass a woman clutching a tatter yellow flyer : lady from upstate we be outside albany , the plane flow in low and drop this , there 's a food drop , it say , just over the Connecticut border , tomorrow morning , and first aid station , they be open they all up and down the Hudson ... a panicky guy pass in front of they , beseech everyone : panicky guy ' the top of the hill about five minute '' please , do you he ? he eighty year old , he 's shout . six foot tall , g get white hair and a bright blue jacket - they keep move , pass into another conversation . a guy the ear off a worried father who 's with he wife and little kide . informative guy wo information , that 's what 's get I crazy , nobody really know anything , just the stuff they be make up to make themselves feel bettor ! the worried Father , who 's be nodd , listen , turn away to he wife , away from the informative guy . wife what would he say ?! worried father he do not know anything . another quick fragment : fragment guy 2 they x11 protect anybody who can make it to the submarine base - Ray , Rachel and Robbie keep move , through the crowd , into still more talk : 76 . 79a continued : ( 2 ) 79 k ill -informed guy Europe get it worst of all , that 's what everybody 's say . completely wipe out , some of it , full - scale invasion . conspiracy buff invasion ? there 's no invasion , it 's ug , the government . conspiracy debunker you be kid yourself , there ' government , thera 's no order , the : nobody in charge - conspiracy buff they be try to scare we , pump up we fear so will will roll over for ‘an . doomsday guy I do not give a shit who it be , I get up close to one of that thing in stanfordville , if they 'r place will be doad , will be upset hother can you please not have this conversation in front of the childrent ? Ray notice Rachel , who 's vastly concerned by all the conversation go on around they . he draw hor attention : rach ? Rachel , mook ... we 'xe get on the boat ... we be gonna make it . Rachel lift she head off he shoulder and turn around , see that they be , indeed , get on the boat . this soema to help . Ray kiss hor on the forehead and wipe avay she tear . ray ( cont no ) nothing bad be gonna happen to you . I promise , sweetie . Rachel nod , calming . next to they , a mother carry a three ybar old be feed a cereal bar to he . sho notice rachal look at the bar . she whisper in the throa Year Old 's ear , he look up at Rachel too . the mother take the cereal bar , break it in half and hold it out to Rachel . 7 . 79 k continued : ( 3 ) 79 k Rachel suile and take it . Ray look at the mother , grateful , almost overwhelm by the tiny gesture . he nod at she , she smile back . Ray look at Robbie , who be noxt to he . he give he a wink . Robbie grina tightly , oxhale , calming . they have make it . this far , anyway . Rachel turn back , to rest she head on she father 's shoulder , chew contentedly on the cereal bar . a flock of seagull fly low over they , and Rachel 's eye follow they as they head up the embankment . she seo somothing behind they and she eye narrow . she lift she head . she cock it sideways -- huh ? Ray turn , and do a double take look at the crowd , as ha see a familiar face -- it 's the bartender from the bar at the beginning , the woman in she late thirty . she 's across the crowd from he , maybe twonty yard , clutching the hand of a nine ybar old boy . Ray wave a hand in surprised greeting , she recognize he and emile . Ray start to say something , but be interrupt by Rachel -~ rachel the tree be funny . she 's look back up the hill . Ray turn away from the bartender , to follow Rachel 's up at the top of the embankment , there be a row of tall tree , the forest run all the way to the highlands Road , which be what they drive on , Tho seagull aro darting into the tree , up on the highland , which do indeed look funny . they seem to be breathe , a strange mist emanate from inside they . and they be move . but move forward , in a most un - treelike manner . ' Three of then , anyway . Ray 's face goos white , fifty head around he turn -- ~~ and a tripod step out of the forest . yor a moment , absolutely everything stop , no sound , no movement , no nothing , and the tripod just stand there , its head - like top stare down at the crowd as it swarn toward the forry boat , emanate cloud of vapor as it do in the street back in Ray 's neighborhood . 78 . 79k cowfinued : ( 4 ) 798 80 81 Robbie and Rachel , who never see the tripod back on Ray 's block , stare at it , horror-struck . the seagull swarm around the head of the tripod like moth around a flame . on tha dock , panic hit . Ray turn back to where the bartendor be , but all he see be the white of she wide - open eye as she and she go be sweep away by the panic crowd , which surge forward , push to get onto the boat . the Captain hit the engine , they roar . and the tripod , rather than immediately beginning the fight , turn its head slightly and omit a inhuman ory , a mecbanical bellow that rip over though landscape and achoas all the way across the river and wash back off the opposite bank : '' olea ! " om tre dock , 80 the crowd surge forward onto the boat . Ray , hold Rachel , wince in pain as he try to keep she from be crush . Rachel begin to panic , and Ray make a spaco around hor with he arm , the way Robbie do in though car . ray this be you space , you hear not ?! this 4s you space , nobody 's come in here , I will protect youl Robbie , catch in the orush of people , actually lose touch with the ground , he foot 1ift right up off the decking and he move forward as part of a massive organism , no control at all . Mo scream for he fathor , Ray scream back , but thera 's nothing they can do to stay near each other , they be lose in the flood . iu the river , a 1 the massive propeller of the forry boat churn the water as thoy start to turn , but they be digging too hard in a area that 's too shallow , and thoy throw up a enormous spray of mud and silt that fly everywhora . the boat lurch forward , throve up a huge rooster tail of river mud . the roar ramp of the ferry boat start to riso up , spilling whoover be on it into the boat , and block though way for whoover be still on the dock . 61 82 83 a4 79 . continued : a 1 poople leap off the edge of the dock , grab onto the lip of the rise ramp . oh the ferry boat , 82 the still - tie aft rope on the boat pull tight , and with a horrible groahing they rip the piling out of the riverbed . the massive boat move out fast , a dozen people cling to the half - raise rear ramp , suspend over the churn propeller . Robbie leap forward , onto the roof of the rearmost car , and got himself up noar the top of the ramp . he haul poople onboard , one after another . some slip and fall into the freezing river belev , but Robbie 8 easily 4 half dozen . Ray , noarbyy 4g clutching Rachel , fight to keep space around she be not crush by the crowd . he watch Robbie , impressed . on the embankment , 83 the tripod that appear from the forest remain at its edgo , and for a split - second it scam the boat may oscape it sinply by virtue of be on the water , but than -. on the ferry boat , a4 -- the boat , now fifty yard out into the river , lurch from a sudden shift in the water boneath they . Ray turn and look over the side . the river be churn , something 's come up from the river bottom , and as he look -- -- the head of a tripod break the river surface . everyone on board scream and the ferry boat tilt sharply to the side , unbalance by the sudden depression in the vater . the tripod rise , higher and highor . tha deck of though ferry be at a thirty degree angle now , car begin to slide , tumble toward the railing . Ray grab hold of Robbie , who 's still work to help poople on board the boat . robbie hex ! 84 80 . continued : a4 but Ray do not hava time to disci it , car be slammihg into the railing all around they now , he hurl Robbie over the aide of the boat , away from the fall car , then grab hold of Rachel and jump overboard himself . just in time , too , because just the boat lurch again and half a dozen car smash through the railing whore they be stand . 84a-94 omitted b4a-94 5 95 k 95 B 96 underwater , 95 Ray , rachol ; and Robbie be undervater , just start to svin for the top . all around they , cara plunge into the river , like depth charge and sink immodiatoly , they terrify occupant pound on the window and try like hell to open the door . Ray and the kid kick for the surface -- ii the river , 95a ~ - and find themselves just a few foot away from the churn propeller of the sink ferry boat , which be slowly roll over onto its top , its light flicker as it hit the water . ' as the forry boat twist in the water , they kick like hell to get away from the spin blade . the boat itself , which be now half sink and well on ite way to go completely underwater , be churn the river like crazy , its light still burn in the murky dopth . they be buffete beyond they control , suck -- underwater . 95b bonoath though surface , Ray , Robbie and Rachel tumble close to the massive propeller . the blade narrowly miss they , they kick for the ext in the river sight 96 > and again , they three head break the surface . Ray gasp , tread water hard . the other two be stunne , but alive , spitting river water . they turn and look back . the tripod that 's rise up from the middle of the river call out -- '' ulla / '' a moment later there 's another mechanical sound , seemingly come in response , and fwo more tripod stride out of the forest , head for the river . 96a 97 98 81 . ow top of the sinking boat , 936a @ man teoter for balance , one of the last leave behind . suddenly black snakelike tentacles wrap around he mid-section . he look down in horror -- -- and be sweep up into the air . follow he , we look up and see that the tentacles have come from underneath the tripod that 's stand in the river . the man be swopt aloft , and around behind the tripod , which be where will lose sight of he . we be unsure where he 's go or vhat it want with hin . i8 the river , 963 the current be strong , it grabe hold of Ray and the kid and sweep they away from the sink ferry boat , out inte the middle of the river . they gasp and struggle in the current . Ray look back , over he shoulder , at the ruin of the dock , where the lead tripod now unfurl its heat - ray and train it on the sink ferry boat and the hundred of innocent people swarm on and around it . the tripod point the disk at though dock and there be a flash , a silont brightnoss like cummer lightning . wave like rippling heat distort the air between the tripod and the dock , then -- go under ! -- the three of they gulp air and kick down under the surface . underwater , 97 we see the explosion of flame that mean the ferry boat have be incinerate . it 's muffle under here , and see through the prism of dark river water , but still horrifying . above the surface , 98 they bob up again , boyond the ferry boat nov , pull hard by the river 's current , more than halfway across . ' the tripod mova forward into the river , they swarm of tentacles pluck scream passengers right off the deck of the burn , sink boat . where they go after they be sweep up into the air , we still can not see . Ray and the kid continue to be sweep downstream , just away from tthe chaos , which be good because -- 82 . continued : 98 -- the tripod fire again . the h ay sweep in unison across the center of though river , directly into the swarm of scream nnocent . a gigantic cloud of steam rise up from the touch of the hest - ray on the river , strange object start leaping out of the water and into the aix , flopping all around Ray and the kid . they be fish . and af we wonder why they be leaping , we quickly put it together as the river around Ray end the kido roil , seven to eight foot wave wagh toward they , and a huge cloud of steam wash over they , obscure all they vicion . robbie : ' the water ! rachel it's burning I ! ray swim for shore ! and they do , Ray grab rachol and digging at the water with everything he 's get . behind they , the vast cloud of steam still block much of the destruction behind , but they can hear scream , hear the hissing and boiling of the water , and see the flash of the heat - ray as it 's apply again and again . they be noar the shore now , but a huge , bubbling wave of water be wash straight towards they . the shore 's just twenty foot away , then ten , but the boil wave be just behind tham too , the water rise up -- -- they hurl thamselves onto the rivor bank -- bx ? far riverbank wight 99 -- and the tide of boil water erupt in front of they , just inch from they safe perch . they lie there for a moment , scald , catch they breath . but with the sound of the destruction in the river -- ray koop move ! -- he drag the kid to they foct and they begin to olimb the far bank , towards higher ground . 63 . 100 0 '' bxt on the hillside night 100 Ray drag the kid upward , upward , two hundred yard , to the brink of the embankment on the far sido of the river from the dock . finally , they collapse to the ground and look down at though wholesale slaughter they so narrowly escape . it 's a view of staggore destruction , and the first wide shot of the mayhem that we have sean so far . through cloud of steam and billow smoke , we see it all -- the flame dock ( the boat have sink by now ) , the drown victin , and the hideous tripod , wading methodically through the river , direct the heat - ray at any survivor as they make they way upstream . raising he gaze , Ray look up to the highland , where ten thousand refugees be still flooding down the main road that lead to the ferry dock , funnel directly into the massacre by half a dozen tripod that stalk behind they , spread destruction . on the horizon beyond , fire dot the landscape as far as Ray can see , and to the north , a even worse omen -- -- the sky be alive with yet another lightning storm , which will birth more of this murdering machine . it 's the rout of edvilization ... the massacre of mankind . Ray pull he two child close , they burn , soaking body huddle next to he , quivering with fear , but still alive . cur to : 101-104 omitted 101-104 105 2xt ' another road might 105 Ray , Rachel , and Robbie trudge along another road , still no peoplo in sight . thoy nre tired , be walk all night . Far up ahead , they can seo a remote old victorian house near a hilltop . shribki the three of they nearly leap out of they shoe at a deapening SOUND . instinctively , Ray and Rachel duck , just as -- -- four fighter jets scream overhead . ba. 10s continued : 105 yor the record , they be al0 thunderbolt warthog , and wa have never geen fighter this low to the ground , they can not be more than a hundred foot up . ' thoy sweep over the ground , bank up slightly at the hilltop , and swoop over the rise , disappear down low on the other side . brilliant flash of light follow moment later , lighting up the gather night , and hollow boom come a few second later . Robbie , who have stay on he foot , let out a war whoop and take off run in the direction the fighter go . ray Robbie ! he take off after he , drag Rachel by the hand . and they be not alone -- a group of six or seven collegz - age kide emerge from the treo line to the east , follow though path the jet take , wave they arm in the air . Ray notice then , look around more ag he run toward the hilltop . a family of four now emerge from the back of a van that be nose - down in the ditch on the side of the road , it have look empty end abandon but be really a hide placa . and there 's more -- from the old victorian house on the ern horizon , a burly man of about fifty come cautiously outside , clutching a rifle , head darting from side to sido . Tho countryside , which seem so abandon a few minute ago , be suddenly alive with survivor come out of hide . ahead , Robbie race toward the hilltop , a couple hundred yard ahead , rimmed by tall grass . Ray keep move after he , one hand hold onto rschel 's arm firmly . ray ( cont would ) stop vhere you be ! stay together ! rachel do not make mar go closer ! do not make mar leoki I do not want to look ! stay together ! ahead , Robbie duck suddenly as a brilliant flash light up the entire area like broad daylight . a split-second later , a bone rattling explosion follow . 105 106 85 . continued : ( 2 ) 105 it 's hard to describe just how loud the explosion be , but its result be powerful . Ray and Rachel fall to they knee , hand clamp over they ear . Rachel shout somathing at Ray , but he can not hear she over the still - echoing blast . he shout something back , same story . he grab hold of she again and pull she up the hill , she 's shout she objection , but Robbie 's still move ahead of than , eravle toward the top of the hill . ray ( cont no I be gonna get Robbie and be right back ! stay hore , stay right herel Rachel nod frantically and dig herself into the hilleide , hand plaster over she ear , eye screw shut . ext billtop wight 106 Ray cravl toward the top of the rise as fast as he can , close in on Robbie , who be head for a group of soldier who be crouch et the rim of the hill , stare dovn into the valley below . the noise up here be deafen , two of the Soldiers ara watch the battle below through binocular , two more shout into radio , but will can not hear a word they be gay . @ command post up on the ridge , the Soldiers be use laser target ( for the fighter jet ) and reconnaissance gear . the battle itself 4a obscure by the tall wave grass , a thick gray smoke that billov in over everything , and blind flash that accompany the constant explosion come from below . Ray reach the still - move Robbie and hurl himself at he , tackle he ten foot short of the top of the hill . he crash to the ground on top of he as the four fighter jet that flow overhead carlier circle back for a strafing run , come in low . as though fight rage betwoon the Army and the invader , another battle rage betweon Ray and Robbie , as Ray shout in Robbie 's ear , plead with he not to go over the hill . Robbie twist and thrashes in response , try to escape he father . we can not hear anything thoy say , as mortar be explode , there 's densa gunfire , shout and scream from the battle raging over the hilltop . ( for suggest Ray speech , sea appendix D . ) the entire hilltop go white again , all the air in the valley seem to suck inward in one concussive second , and then it 's explode in another deafen ka - boom . 106 108 86 . continued : 106 two platoon of marinos pour over the ridge around then , down to join the battle on the ground . several civilian onlookere race forward too , over the hillside , but any available Soldiers try to deter they , to guide the civiliane out of harm 's way and to safoty . Robbie roll ovar and twist he foot free , but Ray lunge ona get he arm wrap around he son 's midsoction . the kid be fight he , try like hell to wrench fre . as thay struggle , Ray cranos he head to get a look down though bill , back the way ho come , to maka sure Rachel io atill thoro . bha 's fifty feat below they , hand clamp over she ear , scream , terrify , and there be two swarm of soldier now pound they way up the hill , boot slamming into the ground all around she . a well -meaning family have a hold of she , they be pull on she , bat she 's rosist . body cross in front of he , bo lose sight of she . further down the hill , 107 the family , which must think Rachel be abandon , io try liko hell to get she to come with then . rachel 'o b's coming back por mz ! he's coming back for me1 ow the hilltop , 108 Ray soon what 's happen , ho shout for she . rachel ! rachel ! robbie let go of I ! be sving a log around and kick at he father , try to get below , Ray get another glimpse of rachol , gho 's call out for bin , but she doos not know where ha be and the well - hean family nee '' bold of she and they be drag she off in the opposite rection . Ray look back , to Robbie , who 's nov wriggle out of he grasp , ha 's pass right through Ray 's arm . Ray look back down a Rachel , scream for he as sl wept avay , now pass completely out of he lina of sight . 108 109 87 . continued : 108 Robbie 's pass through he grasp , now just he foot be within reach , and Ray 'a get a hold of they , but know what he have to do . he let go . Ray and Robbie take off in opposite direction , Robbie throw ona last look back over he shoulder at he father as he dash over the hillside the other way , head down into the valley to join the attack soldier . Ray race tovard Rachel , fight against the tide of onlooker and Soldiers head toward the hilltop . further down the hill , 103 Ray plow through a break in the people and he see Rachel , bo drag avay by the well - meaning family . ray' on she a second later , scoop she up into he arm . rachel daddy ! well-mbaning father I be sorry , we think - Ray 's get no time for nicety , he ignore the family and vbirlo , look back up at the hilltop . ray robbie ) night sbruptly flash into day again , and will know what this mean , there 's another one of that blast come . Ray and Rachel both instinctively clap they hand over they ear and here it come again -- =- ka - boom ! Ray and Rachel pull they palm avay fron they cara , they hand slick with thoir own blood this time . Ray scream for Robbie a few time more , open-mouthed , desperate , but we can not hear it . then , suddenly , the roaring battle sound fade , and there 's only a strange silence come from the valley . Ray put Rachel down , take she by the hand again , and they look at each other , excited . be it possible ? but just as hope rise -- -+ @ burning man race back over though bill and crash into he . 109 88 . continued : 109 Ray tacklos the Burning man and roll he on the ground , got the flame out . he look back up toward the hilltop -- -- as half a dosen burning onlooker pour back over the hilltop ! Ray move as fast and as hard ag he can , knock they to the ground , roll tham in the dirt . now sound come back , and with @ vengeance . horrible scream , explosion of flame . Ray look up , toward the top of the hill . ray ( cont would ) robbie ! robbie ?! now military vehicle come pour over the hilltop , head back this way , fast , and then soldier on foot , run for they life in a massive , chaotic retreat . and then , in pursuit -- the top of three tripod appear ovor the crest of the hill . Ray and Rachel freeze in momentary panic , just as the four pighter jets reappoar , scream ovar the horizon to save the day . Ray and Rachel duck down , hand over they head , and through the blow woed , Ray seo four small projectile hi88 from beneath the plane 's ving . the micailo head straight for the tripod , but when they be a good fifty yard away , the missile explode harmlessly in nid - air , ag if detonate by a invisible , protective shield around the invade machine . Ray and Rachel , floe , fall into a observation point , noxt to two forward AIR controllers who aro frantically try to redirect aircraft . a third soldier , a officer , into the pit , run back from the other sido of the hill , burnad and streak with dirt and blood . he grab hold of tha other Soldiers , try to drag tham out of the pit . '' soldier 3 pall back ! move the hell back ! fall back five hundred meter on my ten o'clock ! soldier 1 Sir , we have dumped he and sabot on this thing , what hava we get leave ? tow ? 7 ! should we try the tow ?! 109 a9 . comtinued : ( 2 ) 109 soldier 3 do not matter what you fire , you can not get through , nothing punch through ! soldier 2 what be it , some kind of shield ?! soldier 3 ( nod ) we can not penetrate it , everything detonate before it even got close ! Ray 's hear enough . he grab hold of Rachel and they crawl out of the pit and run in the opposite direction , down the hill . they near the bottom of the hill , still nowhere to go but forward , ahead , away , but that will not do , they will not survive , and just before panic hit -- voice ( 0.8 . ) over here ! over here / -- ho hear a voice and vhirl . ' Tho burly man , the one they see come out of the old victorian house with a rifle before , be fifty yard to the leave , gesture wildly to they . Ray and rachol change courso and head toward he , run as fast as they leg will carry they , the burly man turn and take off , wave they to follow , and they do , tovard the house , just beyond a stand of treas . 110-115 omitted 110-115 116 uy ext old house bight 116 ' the roar of the battle be still deafen as Ray and Rachel tear across the front lawn of the old house , follow the burly man . he not go in the front door , but instead to the side of the house , where he throw open a storm cellar door . or old house - cellar bight uy Ray and Rachel stumble down the half flight of stair and fall into the collar , gasping for air . the burly man drop he gun and go to work on the storm cellar door , slamming tham shut and slide a number of heavy bar and lock into place to seal then . he hurry down the stair , out of breath hinsolf , and squat in front of tham . the placo be light by a single hurricane lamp on top of a red cooler . 17 118 30 . continued : 117 ‘y mah you all right ? Rachel nod , unable to spoak . Ray doss not ansver . Tho burly man put a arm on he shoulder . bubly mah ( cont have ) what about you ? Ray just look at he , unable to speak , he eye big and empty . cur to : mte old house ~ cellar sight 118 later that night , maybe the middle of the night . the cellar be light only by the tiny flame endure in the hurricane lamp . on one side , there 's a small cot , and Rachel ds lie on it , undor a couple blanket . Ray 's crouching boside it , stroking she hair gently , whispering to she . her aye ara heavy , thoy want to be slose , but she 's try like hell to keep they open . they be in the middie of a conversation . ' rachel what do you mean ? he get a ride ? from who ? ' ray shhh , close you eye . rachel with the army man ? ray he 's he 's gonna meet we , honey . in Boston . at Mom 's . Close you eye . let ‘am close . I be right hero ... she force she eye open again , whisper to he . rachel where do you think Mom be right this minute ? ray wait for we , I think she and Tim be in Boston at grandma 's house , and they be all wait for we . rachel be you sure ? 118 91 . continued : 118 ray I think they can not sleep , because thay nre so worried about we , so they be sit in the kitchen , and they be desoke | that awful tea grandma make , nre count every minute until ye we again , hey 8 he reach down to give she hand a squooze , notice she 's clutching something there . it yellow third - place ribbon , the one she try to get he to notice earlier . she would stuff it in she pocket . Ray open she finger , pull the ribbon out . ray ( cont would ) this yours ? pid you win this ? ( neds sleopily ) I win third place . it 's posutiter ys what would you win it for ? rachel nyawa ) walk , trot and canter . they call it hunter - jumper . ray well , I be very impressed . I be ... I be proud of you . that 's what you say to a kid in this circumstance , right ? Rachel omileo , start to reply -- rachel sing I lullaby & goodnight . ray TI do not know that one . rachel sing I bushabye Mountain . ray I do not know that one either . she turn she head avay , disappointed . Ray think for a moment , then start to sing softly , huskily . it 's " Little deuce coupe , '' the Beach boy song . 92 . 118 continued : ( 2 ) 118 after a few line , Rachel be asleep . Ray furrow he brov slightly , that be odd , how quickly she fall asleep , but he put one hand on she stomach -~ sho 's still breathe . he pull the blanket up around she chin and cross the basement . the burly man be sit on mall fold camp chair next to the cooler , the rifle over he knee . he gesture to another chair , which he have unfold for Ray . Ray sit heavily , close to collapse , and drop he head in he hand , the burly man reach out and nudgas he with the baok of one hand and Ray look up ~- he 's offer a glass half - fill with a clear liquid . burly man Peach sobnappo . disgusting , I know . found a whole case of this shit . ray thank you . Ray take a sip . Tho burly man nod , knock he back . he breathes heavily , labor most of the time , maybe he 's asthmstio . burly mah I be sorry about you son . Ray nod , ' they drink in silence for a moment . then : ray do you ... lose anyone ? burly mah all of ‘em . Ho look away . that seom to be all he 's go to say about that . Ray respects it . the burly man hold out a hand . burly man ( cont would ) harlan ogilvy . ray Ray forrier . they shake . ogilvy offor a metal plate with some slice ham and bread on it . Ray take soma and eat ray ( cont no ) this you house ? ogilvy found it empty . 118 93 . continued : ( 3 ) 118 he look at Ray , but when Ray meet he eye , he fidget . maybe he do not find it empty . ogilvy ( cont would ) what ? ray do not say a word . Ray 's eya drop down , and for the first time he notice the largo hunt knife ogilvy wear strapped to he ankle . ogilvy get water , food enough for week . you be welcome to stay . both of you . ray thank you . I gotta sloep ... Ho stand up . ogilvy that machine , that tripod they get ... Ray turn back . ogilvy shake he head in dire admiration . ogilvy ( cont would ) buried ‘em right under we foot . since before the first people be here . they have be plan this for a million year . we be beat to shit . ray please keep you voice down . ogilvy think about it , they defeat the great power in the world in a couple day , walk right over we . and the aro only the first , they will keep comin : this be not a war , any more than there 's a war between man and maggot . ray then what be it ? ogilvy it 's a extermination . he pour himself soma more schnapp . Ray nod . again , he try to walk avay . again , ogilvy will not let he . 94 . 118 continued : ( 4 ) 118 ogilvy ( cont no ) you afraid ? ray of course I be afraid . osilvy I have beon around death plenty . drive a ambulance in the city . drive a ambulance . that 's all over now . how York ? ogilvy you know the poople that make it ? the one that do not flatline befora the hospital ? it 's the ono that keep they eye open , that keap look at you , keep think , they 'ro the one who survive . not losa we head , Ray . running , what will kill you . and I be dead set on live . mlaugh bitterly ) '' Dead sot on live . '' he finish he schnappa again and pour himsalf some more . Ray watch he . this be start to be a concarn . scmewhere far off in the distance , there be a hollow boom . ray thank you for take we in . Ray go to the other sido of the basement , where Rachel be asleap . he lie down on the floor next to she cot , make a pillow of he jacket . more hollow boom , except they be slightly closer . ogilvy , still sit with he back to he and faintly giinoustt by the hurricane lamp , call out in a normal , too - voice . ogilvy not gonna be exterminate ! Ray close he eye , but a few chunks of earth and plaster fall from the ceiling and land on the floor around hin . Ho open hia eye . more debris waft down onto hig face . Ray sit up and look over at ogilvy , who turn around to face he , a mad grin on he face . 118 1s 120 95 . continued : ( 5 ) 118 ogilvy ( cont have ) gonna fight ‘em , Ray . they gotta akness . somehow they kill a few of that thing in osaka , that what I hear . you tell not the jap can figure it out but we can not ? he come over and albow Ray in the rib , a hard , macho gesture . Ray groans in pain , he rib be probably fracture . prom just outside , a loud , rhythmic pounding begin , like the sound of a factory come back to life after lunch hour . the house above they shudder . Ray geta to he foot , a horrible think grow in hie mind . ogilvy ( contd ) it 's okay . he lean forward , open the door on the hurricane lamp , and puff out the flame , plunging the basement into near-darkness . ogilvy ( cont no ) have a look . he stand , still clutching the rifle , and seurries across the room , gesture to Ray to follow . Ho climb up on a overturn erate , onto a small ledge build into the wall . when he climb on it , he face be right at window level . a board have beon cut to fit the window space and lid into place , now ogilvy slide it back slightly so he can see outside . put a finger to he lip , a signal to Ray to keep quiet , he hop off the wall and gesture : Ray to climb up . Ray do , with dread , ogilvy gesture -- look through the slit . through the slit , 1s Ray can the open area to the side of the house . but it be not open fiold any more . two tripod have make they encampment in the field , and as Ray watch a third tripod stride out from the tree , call to the other in its familiar mechanical tone . '' ULLAI '' in the cellar , 120 Ray 's face snap away from the window in horror . ogilvy , who seem to know about this , seem unconcern . 120 421 122 96 . continued : 120 ogilvy do not worry , they can not hear we when that thing be on . be sourri the basement , climb a ladder on the other tide , and pushon aside ancther piace of plywood that he 's use to obscure the window over there . again , he gesture to Ray , who race silently across the room and up the ladder . through the second slit , 421 Ray see another tripod on this side of the house , and ag he watch its giant mechanical legs stride right past the vindow and stop . with a otherworldly groan , the leg contract into themselves , lowering the " head " of the tripod down to ground level . there 's a flash of brilliant light from within the head of the fripod that momentarily illuminate the field around though house , and in that flash we sae equipmont , dig - out pit , a bivousc -- elear evidence that this 1s , and have beon , a alien oncaspment . in they hurry to get inoido , Ray and Rachel do not notice it ell before , but they be now live in a house take over . back ih the basement , 122 uy leap off the ladder and jand in front of ogilvy , vho 's at show off the true nature of they location . Ray grabo he by the shirt , drag he face right up to he . ray you know ?! aro you insane ?! how could you bring we here ?! ogilvy so we could fight ‘em together , Ray ! bow will 'ro the one come up from underground . and whon the tima 's right , we will take they by surprise , the way thay take we . Ray look at he , realise too late this guy 's lose it . ogilvy ( cont would ) right under they feat , Ray . right hore under they foot . 122 123 124 124a 97 . continued : 122 ray you kill we . you just kill we . ext cld house day 123 ' the next morning . sfyfti a pieca of plywood elide away and a eyeball appsara right in front of we . wo be outside the old house , down at ground leve there 's something strange about the landscape out here , everywhere there be dirt or grass or moisture , thera creep red fuss , a red way . have see the : before , on the surface of the barren planet in the open . the red weed seeth swarm over a drip outdoor faucet at the base of the house . Ray 's aye be poor out through the basement slit , look furtively from side to side . phe sound of heavy machinery can be hear bohind we , the rhythmic , pound drine of a factory . Tho shadow of tall , move shape play across the house . int old house - cellar day 124 Ray slide the piace of wood back into place and hop off the narrow ledgo . he 's upsat , do not like vhat he sav , clearly they nre still hemmed in by the tripod . the pounding machinery ig deop and penetrate here in the basement , and it will hammer avay constantly the entire time they be here . up near the window , he ace the tendril of a batch of red weed grow around the edge of the window , make they way into the basement . he reach up and rip they off . they be tough , sinewy , it take a few pull . he leok across though room , see Rachel still asleep on the cot . ogilvy 49 back on the camp chair , he rifle across he log , rock back and forth slightly , watch Ray 's every mova . cur to : mr cellar - a short time later day 1240 later . Ray be beside Rachel 's cot . she 's avake nov , and look up at he apprehensively . 98 . 124a continued : 124a with a dull scrape , ho strike a match from a book of match . hold a straight pin in though other hand and pi it back and forth through the flame , sterilizing it . Rachel stare at he with wide , teary aye , fix on the pin . she 's get she leave hand ball up in a fist and be clutching it to herself . ray ( whisper ) it 's infect . it 's get to come out or it will just get worse . reluctantly , Rachel open ber hand and will get a look at hor palm -- the sliver she get a fav day ago be indeed infect , the skin be puffy , red and angry all around it . Ray move the pin closer . rachel do you have to do that ? Ray put down the pin , reach down carefully , and pinch the and of the protrude splinter . ray wot anymora . look , the infection push it out a little . he pull it the rest of the way out and Rachel snatch she hand back happily . rachel told you . it be not suppose to be there , so my body get rid of it . ray yeoh . it do , do not it . rachel ( pause , then ) how long be we go to stay here ? ray mot long . wo nead to wait for the right moment , and then we be go to leave and find anotbar place to stay . rachel be we still go to Mom 's ? ray of course will be . but in the meantime , just try not to make a sound and I will bring you something to eat and drink , okay ? 99 . 124a continued : ( 2 ) 1240 , Rachel nod , fearful . Ray nod back , good for you , and turn to get soma food . but ogilvy be right behind he . ogilvy leave ? what 's the matter with you , we be gonna fight . I already start a tunnel , you wanna see it ? ray no , I do not want to see you tunnel . he go across the room to the other slit and slide it open . nothing encourage there aither . more red weed drip down the wall here , Ray rip that off too . ogilvy what we have get to do be get to the city , we will have we own tunnel there , ready - make . the subways , seo what I be say ? ray keep you voice dovn . ogilvy we can hide a whole army down there . we will go underground , stage attack at night . we be the resistance , Ray . they can not occupy this country , occupation always fail , history teach we that a thousand time . this be we land , will eat it , we breathe it , only we can live on it . they can not survive here , they be not build for it , they - Ray sworve over in front of he and bend down , hold a finger up in front of ogilvy 's face . he speaka in a whisper ( as ho will the whole time they be in the collar ) . ray keep . you voice . down . ogilvy stare right back at he , with meaning . Ray look down . the barrel of ogilvy 's gun be point at he . he push it avay with one finger and lean in to ogilvy 's ear . ray ( cont would ) you know the first time you fire that , we be all dead . ogilvy you do not know how well I shoot . 100 . 124a continued : ( 3 ) 1240 ray I do not care how well you shoot , they will hear it . ogilvy I tell you , they can not hear we when that thing be pound . ray just remember what I say . ogilvy stare at hin . and take another swig of schnapp . cue to : 125-1258 omitted 125-1253 126 no cellar night 126 nighttime . still in the cellar . the red wood Ray tore down have grow back in from around the corner of the window . ' Tho rhythmic pounding go on . Water have pool in the basement from a drip spigot on the far side . Rachel be huddle in a dry corner , she hend clamp over she ear , go quictly insana from the constant noise . ogilvy come over to she , slide down onto the floor next to she . he 's half drunk . ogilvy you mise you mommy ? rachal just look back at he , scarod , doas not answor . Ray , who be across tha cellar get soma food onto a plate for Rachel , notice ogilvy talk to she . ogilvy ( cont no ) I have a girl nearly you age . if anything happen to you daddy , I '12 take care of you , Ray grab ogilvy by the collar and turn he away from Rachel , but do sc subtly , so he daughter do not notice the force behind the gesture . ray ( low voice ) you have get nothing to say to hor . understand ? ( more ) 101 . 126 continued : 126 ray ( cont would ) you want to talk to somebody , you get a question , you ask mo . ogilvy look at he , measure whether a fight with Ray be a good or bad thing . ogilve yeah , I get a question . what exactly be you plan , Ray ? 1 mean , I know what I be gonna do , what about you ? you gonna just sit here , wait for they to come get you ? be that it ? I that what you have get up you sleeve ? he get up and grab he wheelbarrow , go noisily across the basement to go back to work . ' ray reap the noise down . '' ogilvy {almost shouting ) maybe you want to be catch ... couple day hide in a basement , too much for you , I bat . ray shut up ! suddenly , the pound stop . it 's quiet out there now , very quiet . as if they hear something . ray ( cont would ) listen ! it stop . but ogilvy pay it no mind , he keops talk in a normal voice . ogrlvy probably turn yourself right in , that 's what you will do . wonder what you ever do before they camo along and change you life , Ray go over in front of he , got right in he face . ray listen ! shut up ! oorlvy maybe you will be okay . maybe you will get lucky , they will take you as a pet . rachel dadi 102 . 126 continued : ( 2 ) 126 Ray turn , see what rachol be point at . at one of the slit , there be movement , the plywood be be rattle . ogilvy you know , feed you , throw a ball for you to fateh , get all sentimental over the pet boy they love so much until he the day he bite somebody and they have to pot he down . abruptly , the plywood fly off the slit . punched by something from the other side , it break the glass as woll , chunks of it smash and clatter on the cellar floor . they all freeze , dead silent , even ogilvy , as seethe move through the window . it 's dark in hore , light only by the irregular light come in from outside , so it 's hard to see much , but what it look like be something about the size of a football , but sharp - edge , triangular , a glow searchlight at ite tip . it 's a probo , the kind they see go into the suburban house earlier . the only sound in the basament be the steady drip-drip-drip of the leaky spigot in the far wall . it slither into the basement , look around , almost like a head , turn from side to side , slide alongside object + gather data . Ray look at ogilvy , to make sure he 's still silent . will be , but he 's algo look up at the wall nearby thom with intent . Ray follow hia g ogilvy 's look at a axe that 's hang on the wall . ogilvy glance at Ray , look back up at the axe , then back at Ray . he mouth word , silently . ogilvy ( cont would ) ( I can get iti ) Ray understand , all right , but shake he head no , vehemently . the probe move down to ground level and coze across the floor , search , search . it draw closer to they . Ray catch eye with Rachel , who 's terrify , and mouth word to she -- ( d0 rot move . ) just bofore it reach they , the probe find a door slightly ajar ( it lead to a root cellar ) and it pass through there . 126 103 . continued : ( 3 ) 126 as soon as it 's out of sight , ogilvy straighten up to grab though axe off the wall . Ray stand and grab hold of he arm to stop he , but ogilvy swing a elbew into Ray 's break rib , hard . Ray orumple to the floor in pain , be die to scream , but manage to stifle it . ogilvy snatch the axe and crouch down again , raise it , wait for the probe to come back into the room . from the floor , Ray look around frantically and spot a largo old mirror lean up against the wall nearby . in great pain , he raise himself up on one elbow and crawl forward to it . he grab hold of the mirror 's gilt edge and drag it slevly , silently over in front of himself and Rachel . ogilvy , nearby , still have the azo raise in readiness . Ray hiss for hia attention , implore the man to coma behind the mirror . ogilvy shake he head no , but Ray mouth silently . ray ( cont 'd ) ( rot how . later . please , wot how . ) ogilvy dabate , still leave himself out in the open . ray ( cont would ) { we will get they later . I promise . ) the probe , perhaps hearing they , pull out of the root celler and back into the main room , just as ogilvy reluctantly decide to scamper behind the mirror . the probe sense the movement and dart quickly across the roon , bump gently into the surface of the mirror . behind the mirror , Ray , Rachel , and ogilvy all remain freeze . the probe 's head recoil from the mirror , seem to tilt its hesd in curiosity . the mirror fog right in front of it , maybe the probe expel c02 , like a breathe organism . it study the mirror for one more moment , then with a pierce uig , it 's recall , slithering back ac : the cellar at top speed and whipping up and out through the now - break window . after a moment , the rhythmic pounding of the machinery resume . Ray drag himself into a sit position , lean against the wall , aursing he rib , Rachel at he side . ogilvy sit cross - legge , stare at he , still hold the axe . 104 . 126 '' continued : ( 4 ) 126 ogilvy I get my doubt about you , mister . Ray stare he down . he 's about to get up and take Rachel back to the other aide of tha basement , but he freeze , stare down at the wator that 's pool on the basement floor . here be ripple in it , little wavelet flow toward hin . reflexively , he hunch hunch down in the hide place again , listen . the ripple get bigger , something be move on the far side of the basemont . Rachel look up at Ray , she eye plead -- '' what be it ? '' Ray shake he head , " do not move . '' they listen . across the room , they can hear 4 labored breathing , thick , short , wat breath . won-human breath . Ray move , slowly , raise he head to peor betwoon some laundry that hang from a clothesline overhead . through the laundry , he got he firat ( and only ) good look at the round bulk of one of the creature . it 's about five foct long , dense , cluglike in appearance . it have three stubby limb , all underneath it , and a long sot of tendril around its '' mouth , '' similar to the one that danglo boneath the belly of the ? ripod it 's operate . its skin be somewhat translucent , its internal organ visible through it . its '' month be shove over the drip water spigot on the far wall , slurping at the pracious liquid . its broathing be very heavy and slow , it seom 111 or incapacitate in coma way . as Ray watch pwo more of the thing slither through the window opone , they body mass streamline to get through the narrow space , then re-expand as they land on the basement floor . as the first creature suck at the water pipe , the second goss to it , perhaps to check on it . the third creature rumage though stuff on the basement floor , use its tendril to dip inte a cardboard box fill with photograph . it scatter most of they across the basomont floor , but find one that might be of interest . it pass it over to though second creature , which take it from it and examine it . behind the hanging laundry , Ray hold he breath . ogilvy , who be full of tough talk when not face with danger , be froson in abjoct horror . rachol , thankfully , have she view obscure and can not seo what 's go on . th the mirror , 126 127 105 . continued : ( 5 ) 126 the creature just start to move across the basement , toward the three human crouch in the far corner , when -- ulla ! -~ a mechanical cry from the tripod outside sound . the three bulky creature move quickly and with sudden power , even nimble , they stubby log propelling they rapidly across the floor , up the wall , and out the window , to rejoin they ship . in he hiding place , Ray exhales deoply and turn around to face Rachel . he look down at he hand , which have boon ball up into fist . ht force himself to unclench . there ara four red gaghes in each palm , where he nail dig into bis akin in fear . cup to : mte old house - cellar day 127 the next day . or maybe though one after that . they be blend together now . one thing we know for sure -- there 's a hell of a lot more red woed in here than they use to be . it fringe the window , of course , but it 's drip down the wall too . Ray , who 's stare up at one of the window , do a double take . through a gap in the frame , there thin red mist come into the basement , like gas ping through the crack . ogilvy 's across the room , stare out ono of the slit . Ray stand and go to window where the red mist be filter in . he hold out a hand . Tho red mist cover he hand and he pull it back , look at it . rub he fingar together . the red gubstance smear , and it look and feel unploagantly familiar . deep down , Ray probably know what it be but doos not want to admit it . he look up at the wall , where the red mist have settle over a patch of red weed , which be twitching and grow excitedly underneath it . suddenly , from the other sido of the room , ogilvy amit a stunne car ( whlch he faile to muto ) and fall backwards - Ray leap forward and catch he before he tumble off the narrow ledge , prevent the racket that would have come from he bitting the floor . ray what be it ?! what ? ogilvy the ... that thing ! it ... dt ... 127 128 129 106 . continued : 127 Ray scramble up to the ledge and peor out through the slit . through the slit , 128 he see the log of one of the tripod as it return . this tripod have a different feature than will nve see before , a device that extend from ite shell , a large metallic basket of some sort , affix to its back . Ray squint , try to figure out this new development , but ogilvy 's hand be on he , pull at he , to gat at the slit . ogilvy lat I seel rey swat he away like a fly , look back through the slit . suddenly , from the underbelly of the tripod 's '' head , '' half a doren vhiplike tendril shoot out and extend to about a hundred foot in length ach . they snake around , up to the basket on the back of the machine , and slither ingide it . human scream come from inside . ray oh God ... the tendril emerge from the basket , wrap around the body of a be th bis forties . the man be injure but still conscious , shrierirg . ' the tendril snap , hurl the man to the ground just behind a large pile of dirt , then they stiffen , pin hin there , just out of we sight . the tripod shift so that it 's stand directly over he , then a thin pipette emerge from its base and shoot straight down , into the earth where the man be scream . and ho stop scream . phe tranglucent pipette turn rad ag blood flow up through it . Ray gasp , stare in horror . suddenly , from the back of the tripod , a thick red mist spray out , covore the field of red wood below . back in the cellar , 129 Ray whip away from the slit , horrify , and look again at the red mist come through the window on the far side , and at the red smear on he hand . 129 130 107 , continued : 129 it 's blood , human blood , and they be use it to fertilize the red weed . hand shaking , Ray find the piece of plywood and slide it back into place , obscure the window . he look across the room and see Rachel , who 's stare at he , desperate for information ( right , like he 's gonna tell she this ) . ogilvy be novhere to be find . but suddenly there 's a sharp scraping sound from across the basement . loud , way too loud . Ray loap off the ledge and hurry across though basement to tha small root cellar that 's off to one aide . Ho open the door . int root cellar day 130 ogilvy be inside , stand vaist doop in a hole , shovel in hand , hia asthmatic broathing louder than ever . he 's digging like a crazy man . ' this must be the '' tunnel '' he be so proud of . ray btop it ! oor lvy ( way too loud ) Christ , do you see it drink ?! Ray grab he by the arm roughly . ray be quiet ! ogilvy they drink we ! he jam the shovel into the ground , it clang off a rock . ray they will hear you ! he reach out to grab hold of though chovol , to pull it avay from ogilvy , but the man swing it instead , catch Ray hard in the aide of the neck . Ray groans and fall back . he rell over , whispering deaperately . ray ( cont would ) please , you 'va get to be quiet ! 130 131 108 . continued : 130 ogilvy ( loud ) get to the city ! tunnel into the subway ! ray I will not let my daughter die because of you ! do you hear what I be say ? do you understand ?! Ray got up , to go to he again , but ogilvy whirl , brandish the shovel . ogilvy not my blood ! Ray look at he . ogilvy have go completely unhinge . rer old house - cellar day 131 Ray come out of the root cellar and into the basement , look around for something , search , search . Rachel watch he , puzzle . outside , the scream and the clanking of machinery be louder now , it 's possible thoy have not hear the sound of the digging in the root cellar . yrom the other room , ogilvy can be hear ranting , loud . rachel ( a whisper ) dad ? Ray find what he be look for , or something close enough anyway . it 's a old tee shirt . be go to Rachel and drop to he knee in front of she . rachel ( cont would ) what be you do ? ' ray no matter what you hoar , do not take this off . okay ? Rachel of course have no clue what he 's talk about , but she nod anyway . Ray reach out and wrap the tee shirt around she head , tie it firmly in the back . 109 . 131 continued : 131 it 's a blindfold . Ray check to make sure it 's tight , then turn and hurry out of frama . we stay on Rachel 's face , half - cover by the dirty tee shirt , and see none of what follow , we only hear the sound and see the reaction on Rachel 's obscure face . first we hear the digging , louder than ever , and ogilvy 's ranting , come from the other room , and he raspy breathing , louder than ever . then footstep , silent , swift one as they head toward he . a door close . haybe the door to the root cellar ? the digging stop . thero arc urgant , muffle sound . more shout , ogilvy again , much too loud . then a silence , a long one , punctuate occasionally by slight sound of thrashing , and that breathe , still that raspy breathing , but it 's all off screen and through a close door , and it 's hard to tell . a long moment go by . only silence . and the breathing . raspy , labor breathe , but only one person now . a door creak open . then close , very softly . footstep again . heavy breathing . someone slide to the floor . slowly , Rachel roach up and pull the blindfold from she eye , terrify at what she will see . she blink at the light . on the far side of the basement , she see she father , slump against the wall , a vacant expression on mie foce , broathing hard from the struggle . it vas bie breathe hear . he will not look at she . Rachel turn toward the root cellar , see the door hang open a few inch . and no sound come from inside it . she crawl across the floor of the basement silently , and curl up against she father . he put one arm around she and pull she tight , but can not look at she . softly , Rachel start to speak , through tear : 131 132 133 120 . continued : ( 2 ) 232 rachel I want to show you my school . 1 want to show you where I sit , and my homowork , and I want you to eat dinner at my house . I want you to pick mar up from rik practice , I want you to meet my for : paige , I want ... I want you ... he reach down , very gently , and wipe the tear from she cheok . ray ( whisper ) you have get mo . wo move in on he oye , haunt , dark - circle , move all the way in until they fill the frame , and then wa dissolve to -- dissolve to : int old house ~ cellar day 132 -- the come eye , but now wa be pull back , and we can toll time have pass , it show in the gauntness in they face and though beard growth on Ray 's face . he and Rachel be in basically the same position , still slump against the wall . Rod wood be engulf the basement , double the density it be before . the area around Ray and Rachel look 1ike they have hack out a space in the jungle . omitted 133 int old house - cellar ' sight 134 the same position , later still . it 's nighttime . both of they aro asleep , slump against the wall . Close on Rachel 's eye a they open . sho blink . stare . hor oyoa pop wide , but sho doos not move , do not breathe , do not dare , because not twelve inch avay from she face -~ -- be a alien probe . it 's the sane kind that slither into the basement earlier , the one thay elude , but this one seam to havo come in while thoy vore sleep , and there 's no avoid it this tine . Rachel let out a tiny gasp of terror , which awaken Ray . he jork awake and see the thing too , suck he breath in hard , and that moment of recognition convince Rachel she 's not dream . 134 1340 11 . contibued : 134 she scream . all the quiet that 's be building in the cellar explode in a long , deafen shriek as Rachel empty she lung in terror . the probe jerk back a foot or so , Ray try to cover Rachel 's mouth , but this be it , she 's snap , she can not take it anymore . Ray lunge for the axe that 's nearby and attack the probe , swinging wildly , make some contact . Rachel , beyond reason , scramble to she foot and take off , up the stair that lead into the house . ray Rachel ! but she 's already go , out of the basement , and Ray be delay by he battle with the probe . he land a decisive blow and lop the head off the thing , ite remnant withdraw quickly , back and out through the window it come in . Ray take off after Rachel . int old house - hallway right 134a a door smashes open from the basement and Ray burst out into the darken hallway of the old house they have be hide under . ray rachel ?! but she 's already go , and the front door be hang open . he race after she , out the front door and into -- 135-136 omitted 135-136 137 ext old house night 137 -- the weird and lurid landscape of another world . Ray come tear down the front step of the house and into the yard beyond . everywhere , in every direction , the red wood hao epread and multiply , it 's a ocean of crimson , it cover : everything in sight and extend as far as the eye can sco . ray racheli I ! but she 's go , he can not see she anywhere , and now he 's in the middle of the opon area in front of the house , completely gupen , and before he even have time to calculate the danger he 's -- a tripod leg crunch down in front of he . 137 138 139 112 . continued : 137 Ray froose , utterly terrify , and look up . the tripod be stand right over he , that enormous , humanoid '' head '' that make up its top be stering down at he . a flock of black crov svarm around the head of the tripod , and at this point we understand why -- they be hope for carrion . immediately , two grab tentacles sving down from the tripod 's underbolly and whir through the air tovard Ray . Ray lunge into the nearest cover -- tht = pickup truck = wight 138 = a old pickup truok park nearby . hoe slamb the door and one of the tentacles smashes through it , shapping after he . the second tentacle smashes through the passenger side window , and now he 's trap , stick between the two of they . Ray flatten himself on the floor , as low as he can get , and 's the truck suddenly jerk off the ground , lift into the air by the tentacles . Zt sail through though air , turn over throe time , and smashes back down onto the ground , bounce Ray off coiling and floor like a rag doll . as soon as he can breathe he sit up , look out through the smashed windshield -~ -- and see Rachel . she 's just stand there , about fifty yard avay , at the adge of the field of red weed , scream . ray rachel , get down , get - but the tripod see she too , and give up its attack on Ray . it turn and hit the gas , enormous leg cover the ground batween it and Rachel in a matter of second . bxt old house bight 139 Ray kick open the twisted door of the pickup truck and take off across the open space , toward Rachel . but the tripod have a head start and be a hell of a lot faster . it reach she , and though next thing happen so fast it 's hard to comprohond -- the tripod walk right over top of Rachel , four of its whiplixe tendril wrap around she and lift she off the ground . tchas in shock as the tendril rise up into the air and t the still - scream Rachel into the bar basket it wear on its back . Ray 139 140 113 . continued : 139 Ray scream , but the tripod 's already move avay from hin . ray rachel !!! he look around frantically for a weapon , anything at all . Ho see a humveo , the burn - out military vehicle that roll past they earlier . he race to it , rip the door open and search through the eharred interior . he find a automatic pistol and a grenade belt . that will do . ext ' the meadow wight 140 Ray take off into a vast field of red weed , chase after the tripod . he can it in the distance , move quickly away from he , cover huge chunks of ground . Ho scream at it , try to get its attention . he 's just make sound , boyond word at this point . he pire the automatic pistol , six , seven , eight shot , in the distance we can seo two or three of they ting off the surface of the tripod . and it stop . and it turn . it 's about three hundred yard away from Ray now , and this be it , this be what it 's all come down to , one human be against one tripod , and of course he do not stend a chance in hell . ray come on ... com on ... the tripod stand there for a moment , evaluate he . the black arm extend from its side , the heat - ray disc emerge . ray ( cont would ) I be right here ... ( scream ) I 'm not go anywhere ! you hear I ?! comb and grt I , GOD damn it , come and get mei ! the tripod seem to think about that for a second . and then the dige rotate , flatten , and though arm retract into the hoad of the tripod . 14 . 140 continued : 140 it start to walk , normal speed at first and then fast , really fast , right toward he , its leg cover the couple hundred yard in a elegant , baautiful blur of motion . Ray tako a breath , suck in as much air es he can get . his whole body tremble , he tighten he grip on the bolt of hand grenade , and he hold he ground . the tripod 's clo : fifty yard or less , the back tondrile whip out from the underbelly 3 '' ite head , they drop down -- Ray force he eya to stay open , the shadow of the pripod fall over he , the tendril wrap around he -. -- and he 's sweep off he foot ! 141-143 GMT tted 141-143 144 '' th midair , 146 suddenly everything be move . when we be in the moadow we have a wide - open view of event , but now we have almost no view of what 's go on , so chaotic be the movement . Ray be catch in the tendril , be lift up into the air , fast , upside - down now while the tripod turn and take off across the field again , head God know whore . Ray be hurl aloft , the tendril releaso he , and he crash 450 ( int ow board the tripod night 145 -- in the metallic basket on the tripod 's back . a series of '' bar '' close over the top of the basket , trapping he insida . it 's noisy up hore , the whirring of the machinery vory loud , the gound of the wind rushing past , and the scream -- -- of the other human catch in the basket . Ray hi down on the floor of it , but when he roll over ha five other people in the baskot with hin . more on second . the basket itself , which look matallic when we see it from down on the ground , be actually more biological in naturo when you be though its surface glint in the sunlight , it seem to seathe , to movo as the tripod movat and the '' bar * be more like the slick limb of jungle tre dense as heli , but not brittle like metal . land face there be om ina 145 115 . continued : 145 the whole thing be naybe on ) : only eight foot square and three foot high , so Ray , who have land face down in it , be aatually on top of the other people inside , they be like corpse throw into a shallow pit , or lobster in a pen , a pile of arm and leg and writhe torso . Ray adjust and finde himself faca to face , seemingly with all of they . there 's a army private , a busiwesswoman , two teenager , and a older woman . ray Rachel ?! Rachel ! ' there 's much shout back , people be twist and turn , try to get off of each other to little avail , as the basket bounce and shake and rattles as the tripod keep move . Ray do not hear Rachel , but through the twist bunch of humanity he gate a glimpse of he little girl 's face , trap beneath two other : Ray reach out a hand for she , sho reach back , through the mag of people , but just when they be about to connect —- -- the basket tilt up at a forty - five dagree angle suddenly , produce a fresh round of scream fron the trap human . Ray be lie with he head on the lower end of the basket now , and through he upside - down viewpoint , we see what 's happen . a small round open , about eighteen inch acrosa , irise open at what be now the base of the basket . 1 door , exactly , it 's more like a filmy , liquid cloud suepondad ain the ely a water vacuole . you can aoe through it , but it 's definitely do and impenetrable when it 's close . a set of pincer emerge from inside the tripod 's head , pass through the iris . the pincero SNAP hard and grab hold of whatever 's close , and in this case it 's though ankle of one of the teenager , a boy about seventeen . he scream and the pincer retract . ' the toonagor 4s pull hard , suck into the head of the tripod , he 's scream and he 's up to he knee , thon he waist , thon he shoulder , and hand be reach for he , try to grab hold of he , ' but too late and too weak . he disappear into the head of the tripod and the iris slither shut again . Tho basket abruptly level itself , jarring everyone in it . 116 . 145 continued : ( 2 ) 145 presh panic ensue . whatever hand be close slam against the iris , but it 's close now , and impermeable . Inside , thay can seo shadow move , but that 's it . ray ( cont would ) Rachel ?! take my hand ! he manage to make eye contact with Rachel and sho fight to get she hand to he , but there be too many people in the way . but the businesswoman can reach she and she manage to wrench she own hand free , with it , she get hold of Rachel 's hand and pull she around , so that she can get hold of she father 's hand . they grab onto each other . Ana the basket tilt again . upright , at a forty - five degree angle . the oix remain human scream , they know what 's next . Ray look up , see the iris at the base of the basket start to open . Ray 's eye pop wide , because the nearest human heing thie t : -- be Rachel . Ray squirm himself around wildly , fight to jockey himself between Rachel and the open iris . he violently push aside ether body and wrigglas dowa near it , push Rachel off to the side in the proceso . but he 's end up with he fost jamme right against the iris . the pincer emerge from inside the tripod 's head . Ray look down , and he right arm be trappad underneath somabody , and that 's the hand clutching the grenade bolt . Ray pull hard , but can not get it free . the pincer dart out and clamp down hard on Ray 's foct , aqueese tham together and digging into he calve . Ho grimaca as thoy dig into he flosh and ha atart to mova , drag down into the open iris . ray ( cont would ) the belti !] the belt ! the Army private , who be right next to he , turn and see tha belt and understand in a minute what Ray intend to do . wriggle wildly , got a arm free , use it to lift the body that 's trapping Ray 's right arn . 145 17 , continued : ( 3 ) 145 eye 8 move now , ag the pincer retract the iris open up into a r=1ike g that 's pull he in . he 's up to he waist , half inte 's the open from which no one have ever return . marshal all he strongth , he shaf he arm froo and pull it tight next to he , clutching the grenade belt . rachel ( paw at he ) daddy !!! Ray be still move , now he 's in up to the middle of he chest . ' the Army private and anyone else who be near enough grab he hold of he shoulder or whatever else they can get they hand hold onto bim with everything they have get , to prevent shim from bed suck all the wey inside . one of Ray 's hand be trap in the sphincter , the one that 's leave free be still clutching the gronade belt , but Ray be scream in pain , the sphincter open must be squeezing hin like a boa constrictor , he whole face be turn red , he vein be bulg , he 's in up to he neck now , one arm stretch out avkwardly ( and unnaturally ) in front of he . everybody in the basket be grab at pia try like hell to woop bin from go all the way in . but the like flexe tighter and tighter , and all at once , with a might suck sound -- rachel ( cont have ) daddy , hoooo !!! + > Ray be suck all the way inside the head of the beast . Rachel scream in horror , but the arny private refuse to givo up , and before the sphincter completely close he hurl himself at it , plung both arm inside it . the sphincter close on he arm , but the private have hold of something inside , and he twist himself around , get both leg up againet the edge of the thing -- army private pull meii ! and pull hard , with everything he 's get , everyone else in the basket pull on 's he too . all at once the sphincter crack with a horrible wat crunching sound , it open ever so slightly , and ray burst out , all at ence , cover in a thick aqueous goo . land in the middle of the group and roll over , gasping for 145 2118 . continued : ( 4 ) 145 army private ( cont would ) the belt ! where 's the grenade belt ?! Ray look up at he and raise hie right hand , which be ball up into a fist . he open it up , revealing a gronade pin in he palm . it 's at that moment -- -- fre explosion come . it 's two explosion , really , the first bo one grenade go off , and the other , a split - second later , much bigger as the rest of the gronade on the belt explode as a result . ' the shell of the tripod 'a head explode outward but do not burst , absorb most of the blast within its strong wall . but the tripod itself lurch , stagger like a punchy boxer . ( all of this be see from ineide the crazily bounce basket . ) the basket rock violontly , the tripod slam into a tree on one side , veer off , and its front leg telescope halfway down all at ence , as if the thing be go to its knea . wow rudderless , driverless , the triped 's right rear leg attempt two consecutive stride , and the whole thing pitch forward . the ground race up at they fast and they slam into the earth , dirt and mud fly everywhere , obscure we vision and send up a thick cloud of debris . 146-159 omitted 146-159 160 when the dust clear , 160 all will it first be a mass of mud . tha mud start to move , arm and leg come out of it ... somebody 's head ... auman being , crawl out of the cose , come back to lifa . we seo Rachel 's face first as she open she eye . shoe 's no longer in the basket , which have be wrench free from the tripod wreckage by the violence of the fall . ' the other body near she aro move too , everybody ooze out of though mud into which thoy have fall . there 's gasping , crying . but thoy be alive . one of the bodic roll over near Rachel , and she find herself face to face ~- -- with she father . they crawl through the thick mud and grab hold of each cther . cur to : 161 162 163 119 . ext abandoned freeway day 161 a horde of refugees make they way down the middle of a highway , strewn everywhere with dead car . a sign in the foreground tell we we be gatting closer : ' boston 12 omitted day 162 ext boston ~ the old CITY day 163 a once - busy street in the heart of Boston . there 's not a soul to be see , but destruction be everywhere -- rove and row of empty human clothing in the stroet where body be vaporize , a geyser of water spow from a shear fire hydrant no one be there to cap , a overturn bus at the end of the street . the front of a whole block of store hag be burn off . one , a 3 store , seem to have explode into the street , 1 expensive ring , watch , and necklace strewn everywher no one have bother to pick they up , they do not mean much anymore . the street stretch far into the distance , toward the river and bridge far beyond , and it 's the same empty , lonely story as far ag the eye can see . Tho most strike thing about though city be its a ess . and everywhere , the red weed , on building , on tree , overyvhore . there 's sonsthing different about it here , something off , but we do not have tim to give it much think , as Ray and Rachel come around the corner and onto this abandon block . Ray look down , at the water rush through the streot . the gatter be swollen with red weed , huge roll bundle of it all along the water . but Ray jook cloper because the red woed be dricd out and breakin : branch of it shap off and be sweep into though faghing ereame t carry away by the same water that initially feed it . ' that 's waird . Ray turn to a patch of weed that have grow off 8 trae on the sidowalk and swap off a chunk of it . it 's cover in white spot , something like tonsillitis . he bend it . it 's brittle , and shap in half at the slight pressure . Rachel lean over he shoulder and look at the spot too . 163 164 164a 165 120 . continued : 163 it look sick . ray more than sick . it 's dead . or die , anyway . '' ullal '' Ray whirl , hearing the sound of a tripod call out in the distance , but it 's hounce off so many building thoy can not tell where it come from . Rachel instinctively grab hold of he . Tho sound come again , at reqular interval . ' they set off down the narrow street of the city , in the opposite direction . omitted 164 at boston - industrial area Day 164a Ray and Rachel come around another cornor and find a pack of bird , peck at the pod that have grow from though woed . but tha pod be split open now , raw and fleshy and expose , lie in the street . Ray and Rachel keep move . ext bostoh - industrial area day 165 Ray and Rachel com around ancther corner and stop suddenly . the head of a tripod be crash in front of then . it 's bury noso - first in the middle of the street . a hatch be partially open underneath its front , the lower lip of a slack - jaw mouth . over and over , it bleat its record mechanical cry , and we realize why it sound so plaintive -- it be call for help . Ray and Rachel pass the froson tripod , vavad along by a soldier . soldier 1 keep move . it 's all right , you can pasa on through . move along . ray ( walk with soldier ) what happonod here ? soldier 1 something 's happen to they . please keop move . 121 . 165 continued : 165 ray do you guy take it down ? soldier 1 Ho sir , it be behave erratically . walk in circle , and vent down about a hour ago all by itself . rachel io dt doad ? ray x do not stop . rachel how be it dead all by itself ? ray Rachel , I do not know . suddenly , another tripod , perhaps come to the aide of its fall comrade , emerge from the end of the street behind they and walk forward . stagger forward be more accurate , it 's barely able to stay on its feat . it smashes into the side of gnother building , bounce off and take another unsteady step 01 . voice rise up from around they , people exerge from though mouth of alley , from building , from side streat -- a tentative trickle at first , but there be more soldier , separate from they unit but still fight . the tripod take another step forward , shakily , about to go down . three soldier take shelter on the alley wall opposite Ray and Rachel . as Ray watch , a bird circle around the head of the tripod , then land on it . Ray furrow he brov , think . tow three nore bird land on top of the tripod 's bead . Ray think , there 's scmath off about this , he 's see something like it , he 's try to remember ... and then he eye light up . be turn to the Soldiers and shout . ray ( cont have ) look at the bird ! but just as he speak , the tripod emit one of that pierce cry of " ulla ! " and Ray 's line be inaudible , wa can only read ps . soldier what ?! 122. 168 conpinued : ( 2 ) 165 ray ( now audible again ) look at the bird ! look at the God damn bird ! the Soldiers Ray 's next line : turn and look , but another '' 0 lla° block out ray ( cont would ) nblock out by the ulla ) wo shield ! soldier what ?! Ray shout again , and this time he word burst through , and the soldier be able to hear and understand he : no shibldi !! the soldier , who carry a shoulder - borne missile launcher , quickly realize what this mean and -- soldier loadi + - another soldier shove a shell into the launcher . Ray whirl and cover Rachel with he body as the shell erupt out of the tube and slam into the side of the tripod . the result explosion be huge , and effective . the tripod 's hull rip apart with a shriek of tear metal . Rose -color fluid shower everywhere , the thing belch lifeblood , and the tripod pitch forward , first to one knee , and then careen all the way down , smashing into the middle of the street . suddenly there 's a commotion , and the crowd of people around tha firat tripod , the one with the hatchway hang open , leap back ag one , but crowd around it . Ray move forward . ' there 's movament come from inside the head of the crash tripod , somathing slithering down that hatchway . it 's the forelimb of one of the invader , move weakly , near death , try to drag the bulky body down into the street . but it have no strength leave , it 's cover in sickly white spot like the red wood . Ray study it , realise something . rachel what happen ? do they get sick ? 165 166 167 123. comtiwubd : ( 3 ) 165 yes they do . rachel what from ? ray we germ . maybe infection . stuff we be immune to , that we bedy fight off avery day . the creep forelimb stop , doad , still halfway in its ship . ray ( cont would ) after everything we fight ‘em with , they die from tha air we breathe and the water we drink . all the thing we need to live ... that 's what kill they . people advance slowly toward the hood of the tripod , incredulous and hopeful , and now more human emerge from they hide place , crowd the street . cur to : omitted 166 ext boston - brownstone block day 167 a neat row of townhouse in one of the oldest part of Boston . we settle on the front door of one particular house , we move in it , and just as will reach it , the front door be yank open and Mary Ann be stand there , the kid ' mom , alive and well . she look right at we and she face break with emotion , she handa go involuntarily to she mouth , she rush forward into the street and find Ray at the base of the stair , carry Rachel the last few yard to she mother . deeply satisfied but feel so keenly the loss of ut then a pair of scuff boot appear on tha floor behind Mary Ann and Rachel and Ray follow they up , disbely , and of course the person stand there behind they be -- rachel robbie ! it ds Robbie , bruise and batter , but very much alive , stand there in though doorway of he mother 's house . he run down the stair , kind of fall forward , into the street , into he father 's arm . 167 168 124 . continued : 167 ' they bug each other , and Rachel hug they both . Robbie finally break down , the first time we have see he cry , and in he sob we hear a word we have not hear he say before : robbie wee dad ... Robbie pull away from he dad and go to the doorway , drop to he knee and hold he little sinter and he mom . Ray watch , ineredulous , move to tear , look at he child . Mary Ann look up over the shoulder of Rachel and Robbie . tear stream from she eye , she make oye contact with Ray and mouth two word -- '' hank you . " nom appear in the hallvay behind they , and they grandzother too , hurry down the stair at the sound of the voice . they all look at Ray , thanking he with they eye , and beckone he inside . he valk up the step , the door close on all of they , and a enormous clang -- it bostor strebt ' day 168 = - echoe as a bell poal in the tower of a church steeple . the heavy iron clapper swishes through frame and clang again off the side of the bell . the voice over from the beginning return as we start to rise up the steeple of the church at the end of the block , shine gold in the morning sun . as will keep rise higher , it 's only though second big , global view of thing we have seon in the movie -- this tim , the morning sun burn through the cloud over the skyline of Boston . in the distance , the form of tripod be visible dotting the streeta everywhere . but none of they be move . they be crash , or heele over on they side , stop in they track . we keep rise up and up , over the neighborhood , and wa see four or five church steeples in this old part of Boston , all with they belle tolling jubilantly , call survivor back into the street . the branch of a troo com into frame , and as we move in the branch vo sero in on a leaf , move closor will seo it 's cover with drop of water . the voice over from the beginning come voice ( 0.8 . ) from the moment the invader arrive , breathe we air , eat and drank , they be doom . ( more ) 168 continued : 125 . 168 voice ( 0.8.} ( cont would ) they be undone , destroy after all of humanity 's weapon and device have fail , by the tiniest creature that God , in he wisdom , put upon this earth . we keep sove , toward one drop in particular , and within that drop we see the wriggle outline of the tiny micro-organisms that swarm and multiply within it . voice ( 0.8 . ) ( cont ’d ) by the toll of a billion death , we have earn we immunity , we right to survive among this planet 's infinite organism -- as will go closer and closer and closer seit , the drop fill the frame , and wa see the tena of thousand of squirming bacteria inside that drop of water , and we think about how truly significant they really aro . voice ( 0.8 . ) ( cont ’d ) -- and that right be ours against all challenger . for neither do we live nor die in vain . fade out . appendix a ta avene 13 , a che wee anchor 18 at the desk at cutt headquarters in Atlanta . a map of the Ukraine ie in a box on scroen , graphic in a banner across tha bottom of the screen say 's deedly idghtning storm in Ukraine . '' wews anchor the Ukraine , a country of some fifty - two million people , be in almost total blackness tonight in the wake of a series of freakish lightning storm of catastrophic proportion which strike the country at approximately 4 a.m. local time . the Associated Press be estimate two hundred dead in the sweeping blackout which have paralyze the country and cut off nearly all communication with the outside world . in the middle of the above report , the bartender pick up the remote and switch the tv over to esph , wher 38 anchor be report over footage of a baseball flayer . sport anchor as usual , George steinbrenner waste no time get out he checkbook this off - season , signing free agent right fielder Marcus Williams to a report three year , fifty - eight million doller contract yesterday in milwaukee . Williams , who be thirty - eight , bat + 262 with the brewer last year , pound out 31 home run and 65 RBI . continued : appendix aa suggested dialogue for bystander at the five - corner intersection , before the ground start to rumble : local guy never see anything like it ! it be like a , like a , lightning squall or something . local woman I be stand right over there , I would just come out of the store , and it strike right in front of I , I could not have be more than twenty fact away from it . local woman 2 you be lucky you be alive ! you could have beon kill ! local woman over and over and over , it just keep strike and strike and strike . ubiformed cop you could small it , be the weird thing , thie smell in the air , juat hang thore , like burnt toast or something . fireman thia whole block should be on fire , ia though amazing thing , nothing catch , I have never seon anything like it . concerned mother I go over to the school , there be a fow other parent there , but they sont we avay , I do not know , do you think vo should get the kid ? maybo will should pick up the kid . man with kid do not get too close ! Kevin , I say not too close , c'mon , get away from thera . high school kid check this ! you gotta see this , get up here , look at this ! continued : ( 2 ) frazzled man sand then the car go dead , just like that , but it keep roll I could not stop , I be roll right straight toward it , it just keep flash in front of I , over and over and over , I think I be go to roll straight into itl wide -eyed woman I be completely blind ! could not see a thing , my aye be burn , I think I would be hit , x do , I think I would be strike by lightning ! and then , as the rumbling begin and the ground start shaking : julio hey , you feel that ? what be that , the subway ? ray Subway do not run under here . julio path train , maybo ? ray not this far west . cowtinued : ( 3 ) appendix B some suggest dialogue for a fow member of the crowd in scene 30 , when the window start to crack : deli owner the window be break , get away from the window ! policeman Lady , get the hell away from there , watch out for the glass ! beauty salon lady @ a earthquake ! get into a doorway , a the only safo placal policeman what the hell be the matter with you , the glass be break all over the God I say get avay from there ! bog owner arbus ?! arbus , get back here ! arbus ! panicky woman hat be happen , God no , no , what in the nama of Jesus be 's neppen ?! ob my cod deli worker get some plywood , as quick as you can ! board up everything before it explode ! second policeman I get no radio ! Dead air on evorything ! Sand lope back to the station , will nood a dozen patrol car out here right how ! policeman clear the areal people ! poople please , we need you to clear th right now ! concerhed mother ernesto ! get you brother and pull hin away from there , get he out of there , get he out of there ! courrhued : ( 4 ) appendix C some suggest dialogue for the crowd in scene 77 , when Ray be soafront the people who ere stesling the car , while Rachel 1s still in it . reasonable woman stop it , stop it , both of you for God 's sake , stop what you be do ! aggressive guy get the gunt somabody get the gun ! grab hint conservative guy get away from the gun ! do not touch he , move avay from the gun ! ubarmed policeman put ' be down , both of you , before somebody get kill hero ! conspiracy guy this do not have to happen like this ! listen to I , please , both of you , just lower the gun and will can work this out ! judgmehtal guy you be crazy , you nre both crasy , you be kill each other , that 's exactly what they want ! bearby parent get avay from they , Tommy , get behind I ! move , move , move ! where 's a cop ?! ( meonabody . cana cop ! continued : ( 5 ) appendix D suggested dialogue for Ray in scene 106 , whon he and Robbie be struggle on the ground near the hilltop and Ray be shouting into Robbie ray do not do it , I be begging you , I be tell you , do not do this . I ko want to fight , I know it have to , but you do not , this 4s you life , the only life you get , and it 's gonna be over , you will die , do you understand mo , if you go over that hilltop you be go to be kill . I be mot gonna let you , you can hate I as much as you want , but I love you and I be not gonna let you do it , Robbie , I love you , listen to mar , I know what I be say ! do not go ! do not go ! do wot get