war horse written by Lee Hall &amp ; Richard curtis 1. ext . devon , england . a summer' day , 1912 . the bucolic magnificence of the Devon countryside . we fly low over the high , thick hedge untouched for hundred of year . the thick verdant countryside in all its splendor , ancient woodland , field of corn , and finally a paddock in a typical devonshire dale . we come to rest beside three farmer stand over a pregnant mare . the mare be in distress - she be about to give birth . the farmer calm the mare and tend to she gently with assurance and authority . we pull back to see , albert , a fifteen - year - old farm boy , watch the whole drama with delight from the paddock gate . farmer come on , easy , girl . easy , girl . easy . the man hold the mare firmly , but clearly this be a difficult birth . farmer 2 this be a stubborn one , huh ? farmer 3 there we go . who 's a clever girl ? moment later - the summer 's sun glint off the wet , sticky hide of the foal ( joey ) - red hide , four white sock and a distinctive white cross on its forehead . soon the creature be attempt its first clumsy step . it be both awesome and comical to see the new bear creature struggle to he foot , but eventually , he succeed . title : war horse ext . paddock / field , devon . various . we follow joey 's progress over the course of he first year . his initial fearfulness , he connection with he mother , the intimacy of they relationship . as joey get strong they run together , frolick gayly in the last dregs of summer . Albert look on . joey notice he at the fence and they share a moment of connection . spring : flower be beginning to sprout by the hedgerow . we boy Albert run into the field . he take a apple from he pocket - he hold it out tentatively . joey approach Albert with suspicion . Albert gently encourage he . 2 . his mother paw the ground and neigh at joey . he turn and run over the field at she beck and call . Albert toss the apple to himself , ruefully - watch in awe as joey race away with he mother . he be a magnificent one year old . his distinctive red coat gleam , now it be clear that he be half thoroughbre . he run quickly around the field enjoy he own power and strength . later - the three farmer open the gate and come into the field . both joey and he mother instinctively canter over to the two man , expect food . the three man gently greet the horse and pet they , then we see one man have a noose make of a rope . he slip it round mum 's neck . she pull back , joey be shake and bewilder but before he know what 's happen the second farmer be try to get a similar rope around he neck . joey balk and push the farmer aside , distress to see he mother tethere . the farmer grab joey again and struggle with he , enlist the help of the second farmer . with some effort they get the rope around he neck and calm he down . farmer 2 easy do it . easy do it . come on , steady do it . unuse to be tethere joey pull at the rope but the farmer be solid and firm . they gently lead joey and he mother across the field to the gate and out into the road . the whole road become overtaken by a flock of sheep on they way to the market . in the distance we hear the bustle of market Day . ext . the market . the same . the farmer lead joey and he mother through the chaos of the market and into a auction pen . they find themselves amongst a hoard of pig , sheep and cow . joey be agog at all of this creature and all this life he have no idea exist . the farmer lead the horse into a stall to await the auction . joey be bewilder by all the noise - buttress against a couple of mule and a cow . he be uncomfortable in this tight space . a auction worker hold a clipboard out for the lead farmer . auction man 1 mornin ' , pop . put you mark here . good luck . 3. ext . joey' pen . the same . two man approach the pen . auction man 2 get the colt ... one man grab joey and pull he out of the pen . suddenly there be a look of horror on he face . his terrify mother realise they be be separate . joey panic and desperately try to get back to he mother , he rise up throw the man who be lead he aside . joey be out of control . the man regains control of joey . auction man 3 whoa ! whoa ! he pull joey away from he mother , who let out a heart - rending cry , paw the ground , and crash she foreleg against the fence . joey remain disorient in the midst of the market day chaos . auction man 3 ( cont 'd ) easy ... int . MAIN auction ring . the same . the auction ring be full of people of all shape and size . there be a sense of celebration and busyness about market day . we concentrate on two man - Ted narracott ( dad ) , in he forty , clearly both the care of the world and alcohol have wear he down before he time , and SI easton , he more solid friend , both work farmer . just behind Si be he 15 year old son , andrew . Ted have a drink in he hand . they all look at joey bridl against the man who be try to hold he . dad now that 's a beauty . SI easton forget it , Ted . he 's half thoroughbre and not get a day 's work in he . ( point to a plow horse next to joey ) now , there ... there 's you ticket . in contrast to joey , the solid and bulky plow horse stand like a rock . but dad remain fixate on joey . dad but look at he , si. look at that creature . 4. indeed , joey be magnificent , he power clearly emerge because of he upset . SI easton do not be daft . you need something solid to plow a field . dad ( fix on joey ) yeah , but he 's something else , that one . the auctioneer announce the start of the auction ... auctioneer alright gentleman - settle down - settle down - horse on my right - man with money in they pocket on my leave - it 's the perfect combination . be Fred Goddard here ? fred shout he reply from the crowd . fred yes ! I 's here . auctioneer good - more money than sense . Dave Hill ? dave I be here . yes ! auctioneer bugger off , you tight bastard - you have be come here for 20 year - never buy so much as a pork scratch . the crowd be loving all this . dad notice a figure across the ring , lyon , clearly a man of money . you can see something light up in dad 's eye - a combination of dislike and alcohol . joey be lead into the auction pen . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) okay - first up today - a gorgeous young horse - prettiest thing I have see since my wife on we wedding day . let 's get go , shall we ? who want this wonderful creature . but no - one bid . dad one guinea . 5 . auctioneer one guinea , one guinea , one guinea ... young andrew easton I think you need a plow horse , mister narracott . auctioneer any advance on one guinea ? any advance on one guinea ? joey be still try to get back to he mother . a voice from the crowd pipe up : lyon two guinea . dad Three ! SI easton Ted narracott - it 's completely the wrong animal . Lyons whisper to he son , david , 15 , next to he . David eye joey skeptically . dad Si easton - I be not gonna let that bastard see I off . lyon five guinea . dad six ! SI easton oh for the love of ...! joey be strain to get to he mother , the man be pull he back . lyon Seven . dad greedy sod think he can just buy anybody . ( bidding ) eight . 6 . SI easton stop it - he 's you landlord - you can not be pick fight with he . Lyons look over . there be now tension in the crowd as they sense a Battle Royal for the horse . lyon ten guinea . he smirk at dad . SI easton you have not get the money . let 's go home - let 's have a pint . dad eleven guinea , sir , from as good a man as any in this town . they all look at Lyons in he suit and bowler hat . auctioneer do I hear twelve guinea ? twelve guinea ? SI easton that 's top price for a workin ' animal . Ted ! save it for the shire ! dad there be big day and there be small day . which will it be ? auctioneer do I hear any advance on eleven guinea ? all eye be on Lyons and he son - David be 15 , smartly dress . david lyon just let he go , dad , I do not care for he , he 's too ... jumpy . Lyons be not listen to David ; he 's look hard at Ted . lyon shall we say - twenty five ? the crowd gasp . this be clearly personal . SI easton well , he 's get you there . Nice try , Ted . 7. andrew you be great , Mr n. gave he a run for he money . but when he look at Ted , Ted 's eye be lock into the eye of he rival . auctioneer go , go ... dad thirty . thirty guinea ! total silence . he stare hard at Lyons . who simply smile , raise a eyebrow , tip he hat and walk away . it dawns on dad that he 's win the auction . he break into a sweat . auctioneer thirty guinea . thirty guinea . go go go - to mister Ted narracott . he bang he gavel . it 's a do deal . SI easton what have you do , Ted ? what have you do ? dad do not acknowledge si. moment later - Ted stand stare at joey , who look back . Ted hold he rein numbly , accept he receipt from the auction man in a kind of daze . suddenly , Lyons appear at dad 's shoulder . lyon quite a beast , there . but what you gonna do with he - on a work farm ? I hope you get the rent , Ted . I will be around for it when it come due . dad do not acknowledge Lyons . Lyons smile and walk away with son David , and he croney . Si shake he head at dad . SI easton you be a fool , Ted . and we rosie will never forgive you . ext . narracott' farm . sunset . mrs . narracott kneel in she garden , digging up some carrot , when she see Ted return . dad walk down the hedge lane as the sun set pull joey with he , he bad leg always move slightly to the side . 8. Mrs. narracott look in horror and bewilderment at joey and then at dad . she be a good-look , intelligent woman , but clearly she life be always hard . mrs . narracott what have you do ? dad stand shameface as Albert - the boy we have already meet - run out of the house to join they . albert that 's Mooney 's colt ! mrs . narracott you be suppose to buy a plow horse . albert you buy he ? mrs . narracott what would you pay for he ? Albert be totally take by the horse . mrs . narracott ( cont 'd ) how much , Ted narracott ? dad I will not tell you a lie - though I would love to . thirty guinea . mrs . narracott thirty guinea ! she be stunne . she look at Ted - and he just nod . mrs . narracott ( cont 'd ) he 's not worth ten ! be you out of you mind ? what about the rent ? dad he 's a strong one , rosie . look at the way he hold he head ! mrs . narracott how the hell be we gonna pull anything with that ? Ted - you have to take he back . you have to take he back right now now . albert no . 9 . mrs . narracott you have to get down on you knee and beg for we money back . joey bridle at the raise voice but Albert take the rope and try to calm he . albert no . no , please do not take he back . suddenly we see dad 's dejection . he be a man lose . dad we can not take he back till he 's break in . mrs . narracott and how be you gonna train a horse with that leg ? albert I will train he . mrs . narracott no , you stay out of this , albie . you do not know nothing about horse . albert please , mum . please let I . I can do it . dad we have to keep he . we have no choice . mrs . narracott right . well ... you have get one month to break he in or I be take he back myself . ( she turn to the house , but then ... ) how do you get to thirty - what other fool bid you up that high ? dad it be Lyons . Mrs. narracott turn back towards the house , then stop , daze , speak almost to herself . mrs . narracott we be gonna lose everything . after all we have be through - we be gonna lose it all . she turn back to the other - the weight of the mistake heavy on they shoulder - but Albert quickly step forward . 10 . albie do not worry , mum - I will raise he - and I will raise he good . mrs . narracott well , you better . go on - get start . see if a child can undo what you fool of a father 's do to this family of ours . Mrs. narracott storm into the house . Albert immediately go to stroke joey but the nervous horse draw back uncomfortably . dad lead he off , drunk and bewilder , across the yard to the barn . ext . stable . later . Albert load some oat into a bucket and approach joey in the field . albert right . let 's make a start then . as Albert approach , joey nervously run in circle , then stop on a dime , look at Albert suspiciously . albert ( cont 'd ) it 's oat . very tasty , that be . it 's beef and gravy to we ! Albert squat down . he show the food . joey catch the scent on the air , but still hesitates and shy away . albert ( cont 'd ) come on ... this time , Albert take a new tact , almost turn he body fully away from joey , but keep the bucket extend . Albert slowly back towards joey , speak gently all the while . albert ( cont 'd ) I bet you be miss you mother . look at you ... first time without you mum . first time away from home . but you be not alone , be you . in fact . cos I be `ere ... feeling safer , joey move toward the bucket of oat and start to eat . albert ( cont 'd ) it 's alright . it 's alright . 11 . Albert reach out he hand and touch joey . and with a slight start , the horse relax into Albert 's hand , feel safe with the boy . Albert stare at the distinctive white cross on joey 's forehead . joey calm . albert ( cont 'd ) I be gonna call you joey . understand ? joey . that 's you . and I be Albert . it 's alright , you be mine now . you be mine . Albert stroke joey 's forehead . joey lift he head and the two stare at each other in close proximity . ext . farmyard . next day . dad , with a hangover , hobble off to work the field . as he reach the gate , harold the goose snap at he heel . dad dismiss he with a stare and head for the stable . ext . the farmyard , day . the training episode : Albert walk joey around the yard on the rope . it all seem to be go well . mum look on . Albert be clearly proud of he progress . ext . paddock . another day . Albert 's friend , Andrew easton , sit on a rock with a apple in hand to watch the training . Albert set joey in a spot and tell he to wait . albert whoa . I want you to stay there , joey . stay . that 's it . good boy . that 's it , you have get it . of course when Albert walk away , joey follow . a game of " grandma 's footstep " ensue as Albert patiently place joey then walk away . andrew hey , look at he , albie . he 's play " grandma 's footstep . " Albert patiently lead joey back to he start position . albert right , come on , joey . back you go . come on . back you go . ( more ) 12 . albert ( cont 'd ) you be all right . that 's it . good boy . right . you have gotta stay there , understand ? Albert walk away again . albert ( cont 'd ) that 's it . good boy . you have get it . good boy . finally joey stay put . Andrew smile , impressed . andrew good boy . good . ( to albert ) now call he . whistle . albert come now , joey . come on . Albert whistle like a owl . joey stand completely still . albert ( cont 'd ) you can come now , joey . he whistle again . joey remain still . andrew do not think he fancy you owl . Albert walk back to joey , frustrated . albert no , I read it in a story . it 's how the Indians use to summon they horse . he gently stroke joey 's nose . albert ( cont 'd ) now , joey , when I whistle , you have gotta come , understand ? andrew my dad have a dog who stay when you call he . he use to run up behind you when you be not look , and uh ... albert he 's not a dog . he 's just puzzle it through . 13 . Albert run further away than before and whistle . after a moment , joey trot over to he . Andrew smile broadly . andrew brilliant . look at you . with the basis establish , Albert begin to train joey to react to the owl whistle without he prompt . it 's not all easy go - sometimes Albert make progress , sometimes not . quick montage - Mrs. narracott fill a bucket at the pump , then promptly spill it when joey trot past she in response to a owl whistle . she call off , frustrated . mrs . narracott albie . dad head out to the field with a rake on he shoulder . there 's a owl call and joey trot past he in the background . dad see Albert welcome joey by the haystacks , stroking he nose affectionately . dad walk on , he expression inscrutable . joey trot up a path , pursue another owl call . after several more call , he still can not spot Albert , until he crane he neck up and see Albert sit in a nearby tree . Albert laugh . int . farm house . later . Lyons be there with he son , David , and he unlikable croney . he hold a meager handful of cash . dad and mum look chasten . the mood be sombre . lyon there 's only fifteen here . dad the rest will come . lyon you know by rights I could take this farm back today , do not you ? and I be a great believer in my rights . dad it will come . lyon if you drank less beer and buy fewer horse you might be able to look you landlord in the eye , narracott . Lyons begin load up he ledger into he bag . 14 . dad I say I will pay you . we get to plant the bottom field . lyon bottom field 's rock hard . only stone down there . dad no , we be go to plow it . just give I `til the autumn . I will pay every penny I owe you . with interest . lyon how you go to plow it ? not with that fancy animal of yours ? dad he will do it . lyon you will not get that one in a harness , let alone pull a plow . even drunk on a Tuesday night , you know that . and I can not wait for the money - there 's a war come . dad stand up from he chair , resolute . dad I promise you that field will be plow . we will plant it with turnip . and the money will be yours when harvest come . Mrs. narracott interject , desperate . mrs . narracott please , sir . please . Lyons take he time . he look at they both - Ted and rosie , almost beat . lyon very well - if that fancy plow that field I will give you till October to set thing straight . Lyons head for the door , but Albert stand in he way . albert what if he do not ? lyon I will take the horse on the day he fail . ( beat ) ( more ) 15 . lyon ( cont 'd ) and I will take you father 's farm and give it to work man who can hold they pint and hold they head high in decent company . Lyons try to move past , but Albert grab he arm . albert no , please . Sir , you can not do that . lyon now , now , now , lad . what - be you bladder as well ?! Ted narracott - I get you down in my book ! Albert know he have to back down . Lyons walk past he and leave with David and he croney . ext . the narracott farm . the same . harold the goose attack Lyons and he man . they quickly pile into he car and drive off . Ted stand in the kitchen immobile with upset . ext . stable . moment later . dad throw open the stable door , jerk the harness from the wall , throw open joey 's stall and start to lunge at the horse . Albert run in to try to stop he . albert you can not harness he . dad he 's get to be collare . dad start to grapple with joey desperately flail in a attempt to get the harness onto joey . joey be completely confuse and frighten . albert no , you can not . look , you be scare he , dad . you be scare he . he ... ( desperate ) he can not take a plow ! joey try to push dad out of the way , dad frustrated by this hit joey hard with the harness . dad he 's get to plow ! 16 . albert he will not be able to do it - he 's too young - he 's not even be back yet .... joey rear up and kick dad . who fall to the ground . mrs . narracott Ted ! Albert grab joey 's bridle . joey wrestle with Albert . albert it 's alright , boy . it 's alright . it 's alright . it 's alright . dad be mad with anger and frustration - and in pain . he stagger to he foot and leave . Albert calm joey down . Mrs. narracott return the harness to its hook . mrs . narracott I know this would happen soon as I laid eye on he .... but then she notice dad have return . he have a gun . mrs . narracott ( cont 'd ) ted. no. Ted , no ! dad he 's worth nothing to I ! if he will not take the collar , he 's not worth a damn thing ! albert dad ? he grab the rifle , but dad shove he away . dad move aside . dad raise the rifle , but Albert wrestle for it again . albert dad. stop. furious with frustration dad throw Albert to the ground and take aim at the horse . Mrs. narracott quickly pull the gun aside . mrs . narracott you shoot that horse we have nothing . 17 . dad whip the gun back towards joey to find Albert stand between they - right in front of the gun 's barrel . for a second we think Albert will be inadvertently shot . mrs . narracott ( cont 'd ) no ! dad pause he finger just in time . Albert gently hold the barrel of the gun . speak calmly . albert you be right what you say , dad . " he will do it , " you tell Lyons , " he will plow that field . " and he will ! you will see . he will show you . we will show you . we will get it do . dad look at he , freeze . Mrs. narracott ease the gun away from he - mum let go . let go . - and hand it to Albert , tell he - mum ( cont 'd ) go back to the house . as Albert leave , Ted take out he flask . but rosie take it from he gently . he do not resist . mrs . narracott here , here . some day be best forget . today be not one of they . come on . they exit the stable together , leave joey in he stall . int . / ext . stable . dawn . Albert walk towards the stable - enter . and talk to joey as he prepare the harness . albert how be you today , joey ? I do not know much about life , boy , but I do know that there be big day and there be small day . and most day be small day , and , well , they do not matter much to anyone - but this - well , this be a big one . this be we big day . well , it 's cold out there . so I be go to take this off - ( he take off he coat ) well , if it 's tough for you - it should be tough for I , too ... 18. he be leave in just a loose- fitting white shirt .... albert ( cont 'd ) now , I be gonna teach you how to plow and you be gonna learn . be that understand ? and then we can be together , which be how I believe thing be mean to be . joey instinctively balk , but Albert be stern with he . albert ( cont 'd ) Boy . steady , boy . here we go . here we go . as he approach joey with the harness , harold the goose enter the stable to watch . Albert approach gently and slowly put the harness over he own neck and shoulder to demonstrate - albert ( cont 'd ) easy , easy ... look at I , joey . see ? see ? you have just gotta put you nose through . it be a moment between they . the horse look Albert in the eye , then yield . Albert comfort he and show there be nothing to fear . finally he get the harness in place . albert ( cont 'd ) that 's it . see ? you have get it . you have get it . good boy . there ... harold honk he approval . Albert lead joey out across the yard , through the break gate . ext . lower field . the same . it be a grey day as they walk across the plow field towards the huge lower field . they come to a rusty , primitive plow leave in the grass . Albert look around the field - it be overgrown , it seem to go on forever - even if joey be a plow horse this would be a heavy task . Si easton and Andrew stroll up the road to watch . SI easton too large , too rocky , matte with grass root . even a sturdy plow horse would never manage it alone . 19 . andrew yet he will , I say . SI easton you would swear he would sprout wing and fly if Albert have tell you so . ( smile at he son : ) it 's a fine thing , loyal to you mate . even if he be a bit barmy . a team of two might manage , give a month and good weather . they be interrupt by the honk of a horn as Lyons and David pull up in a car . Lyons and David get out . they driver remain inside . lyon Ted too squeamish to watch , be he ? SI easton ` course he 's watch . Si nod in the direction of the house . Albert steady joey and start to tie on the heavy plow . it just seem too big and bulky for joey 's sleek frame . Albert set joey right and fix the plow . Lyons , David , Si , and Andrew walk towards dad , who look on anxiously from a nearby hedgerow . Lyons gesture at David to stay back and walk over to Ted alone . he stand beside he and begin to talk gently . lyon well , you have raise he up a true narracott , Ted , picture of he father , he be : not a dollop of ordinary sense but that thick stubbornness that will lead he to insist on the impossible . down in the field , Albert continue to prep the plow . lyon ( cont 'd ) be not a farmer in Devon do not admire you , myself among `em , leave you brother that fine farm and set yourself at this stoney patch of unpromising ground . you have fettle enough for twenty man , but with a gimpy leg and the drink - for the pain , be not it , that you drink ? ( more ) 20 . lyon ( cont 'd ) - yeah , none of we could have anticipate a end better than this . make I question the wisdom of the charity that urge I to rent you this place , not only look at you , I old pal , but that pretty little wife of yours , think you be a spark , she do . Ted have not acknowledge Lyons for a second ; he 's never take he eye off Albert . he simply stand and walk away as lyon conclude : lyon ( cont 'd ) and now you son 's sink into the selfsame bog that 's swallow you . Albert have be meticulously prepare everything , positioning joey , check the tether , digging the rusty plow in the earth . he take he position behind the plow , throw the rear leather harness over he own neck . albert see joey - I get the collar , too ! Albert gently snap the rein . joey do not move , confuse by the whole affair . albert ( cont 'd ) come on , boy . walk on . that 's it . walk on ! walk on , joey . come on , boy , walk on . lyon you would be better off startin ' at the top of the hill and goin ' down ! gravity 's the only friend you be gonna have today , young lad . albert walk on , joey ! walk on ! come on , joey , walk on . walk on , boy . at the house , Mrs. narracott open a upstairs window to look on , anxiously . Ted , stand alone by the fence , only look at Albert . albert ( cont 'd ) walk on . come on , walk on . ted ( to himself : ) it will take the whip to move he . 21 . just as Ted be say this , Albert , as if hearing he father , take a breath and then abruptly produce a whip . joey 's ear prick up . Albert , grimly determine , snap the whip at joey . joey panic and bolt . the plow spin to its side , pull Albert off he foot . joey drag they all the way to the top of the hill , right by the farmhouse . Lyons , yell , start laugh and can not stop . lyon bravo ! you have reach the top of the hill ! off you go again , boy ! you will make even better time comin ' down !! he continue past dad , laugh . intercut - Mrs. narracott look on from the house . he glance back at she . her face be full of angry concern for they son . townsfolk begin arrive , climb the hill to the lower field . Ted look down , ashamed . Mrs. narracott look back at Albert , mortify , bruise , set the plow right again . Mrs. narracott move away from the window , take a seat , and pick up she knitting . later - Albert have make no progress . joey be move , but only in a useless circle . albert good boy . good lad . good lad . now walk on . good boy . more townsfolk clamor to the fence . Andrew call out . andrew albie , we be all with ya ! Albert try to encourage he forward but joey still be not pull sufficiently . the plow skip uselessly over the surface stone . lyon look look look ! the plow have not even cut yet ! as Albert struggle with the plow , he see dad walk up the hill behind the spectator . he do not even turn to he son . 22. joey strain as Albert push with all he might . we sense the strain on the horse and the inappropriateness of the task . but joey persevere . the plow limp along . albert do you know - I believe we can do it , joey . I know when I first see you that you would be the best of we . that 's why he buy you . he know you have all the courage he never have . I know when I first see you that you would be the one who would save we . the plow skip and Albert fall . joey 's leg buckle and he go to he knee . Albert rush to he side . albert ( cont 'd ) whoa . whoa . Lyons call from the crowd as rain start to fall . lyon you have get no chance , lad . he will not turn over half a acre . give it up now . you have do well . you have try hard . you be more of a man than you father . Albert examine the collar - he see it be rip into joey 's flesh . he grab he shirt , tear a piece off it , tenderly fold it and put it between joey 's shoulder and the collar . SI easton come on now , Mr. Lyons , that 's a bit rough , be not it ? lyon ( a shrug : ) well , he will destroy that horse . the crowd 's beginning to disperse . one of Lyons ' croney hold he umbrella as he return to he car . he pass Ted . lyon ( cont 'd ) I will be over Thursday . give you a day to close it up . Mrs. narracott emerge from the house and head to the fence - hold she knitting in the rain , ignore the leave crowd . a sympathetic neighbor hand she : 23. neighbour you wool . ( then ) I be sorry , rosie . Lyons pass behind she , almost speak , but then think better of it . as the rain intensify , Albert dig he toe into the wet soil and notice how it have soften . suddenly something flash through Albert 's mind . he leap into action , run through the rain to shout at joey . albert now , boy ! you have get to do it , joey . you do not know , so I be gonna have to do the know for you when the rest of we life depend on this ! so get set to pull - and pull straight ! and pull hard ! he race back to the plow and set himself . albert ( cont 'd ) now , boy ! go! joey pull firmly and finally the inertia be break - the rain have soften the earth . albert ( cont 'd ) walk on , joey ! walk on ! that 's it ! good boy , joey ! good boy ! finally , the plow bite deep into the soil . andrew walk on ! walk on ! walk on ! walk on , joey ! at the fence , Mrs. narracott look on in amazement . Albert notice a large rock in they path . Andrew see it , too . andrew ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) go around it !! albert whoa , joey ! whoa , joey ! joey ! joey , whoa whoa whoa ! joey , stop ! you will break the blade - 24 . Albert haul back on the rein , but joey throw he flank forward , strain and lurching until the plow blade split the rock completely in half and now the plow move more easily through the wet ground . the ground yield . soon Albert and joey be make great progress . the wet earth slip open beneath they . Andrew be loving it , speak in wonder . andrew will you look at you ? Mrs. narracott look very happy , a smile break slowly across she face ... the crowd begin to return . Lyons notice and look out from he car - see the plow digging through the field . annoy at the progress Albert 's make , he get out of he car and walk over to Mrs. narracott . with great disdain he say : lyon I would not let a child of mine slip in the mud alongside a plow blade . he could lose a foot ! Mrs. narracott brandish she knitting needle , back he up . rosie narracott you will likelier lose a eye , Mr. Lyons , if you carry on prate at I how to manage my son ! or my plow , or my horse , or my field , or my farm ! dad sit nearby , watch this exchange with silent approval . Lyons stare at she , gape-mouthed , as she turn she attention back to Albert . mrs . narracott come on , albie ! push on through ! the rain become torrential . Lyons turn towards the car - gesture , frustrated , to he driver , who run forward with the umbrella to shield he boss from the rain . David remain on the run board , watch Albert plow . the plow speed through the earth . the boy and the horse be work as one . it be a moment of triumph . andrew get it do , albie ! get it do ! 25 . we pull back to see they have make only the smallest dent in the enormous field . as Lyons ' car pass , dad step forward , take in the scene , and almost smile . ext . the lower field . evening . the rain have abate . Albert , soak to the skin , sit next to joey . they be both cover in mud . Andrew , follow by Si easton , charge through the gate up to Albert . they be lift Albert up between they , laugh , Si easton plant a kiss on Albert 's muddy cheek , Andrew tousle he filthy hair , when Mrs. narracott arrive with Ted . she help Si and Andrew lift Albert and sling she son 's arm over she shoulder , glow with pride , cry , overjoy . rosie oh , my pair of fool . my mighty fool . as the other help Albert up , Ted tend to joey . he look over to he son and , after a moment , remove he cap and slightly bow he head . the other stagger away , support Albert , and Ted pat the horse and gently begin to unbuckle the harness . int . stable . day . Albert wash joey and tend the wound and sore on he body . rosie be put antiseptic on Albert 's wrist and shoulder . joey bristle but be soothed by Albert 's care . rosie you be as batter and bloody as he be . albert and where 's dad ? rosie still in the bottom field . albert stumble about , I suppose . rosie it 's not the drink , Albert , that make he stumble - 26 . albert ( abruptly ) he drink , mum . rosie well , so might you if you would be where he 's be , see what he 's see ! albert well , he do not talk to I about it . rosie he do not talk about it because he can not . there be not word for some thing . come here ... rosie stalk over to a pile of break equipment in a corner of the stable . she rummages until she find a waterstain brown paper parcel tie with yarn . she brushes away some mouse turd . rosie ( cont 'd ) the mouse have be at it . sit down . they sit together on a step . as she begin to untie the yarn , a change come over she : she irritate determination give way to sadness . Albert come to she and kneel beside she as she gently open the paper . Inside there 's a red and tan pennant , knotted and fringe at both end . mrs . narracott here . it 's he campaign pennant . he be sergeant , seventh battalion , Imperial yeomanry . then with great care she unfold the sash to reveal two silver medal . the first , with the profile of Victoria , hang from a red , blue and orange ribbon . rosie and that be the Queen 's South Africa Medal . every man who fight in the boer War get one of that . but this ... she hold up the other medal , hang from a red and black ribbon . rosie ( cont 'd ) that 's the distinguish conduct Medal . 27 . she hand Albert the distinguish conduct Medal . he take it , astonished . albert not dad 's ? rosie well it be not mine , dear . he get that after the fight at transvaal . after he would be hurt , and he would save some other lad , and well ... I do not know what else , he will not tell I either . but the first day he get home he just ... toss they out . first day he could walk , he throw `em straight in the dustbin , and would not hear a word I say not to . Albert nod , look at the medal and campaign pennant . she take the medal back , put it in the sash , and begin to wrap it again . rosie ( cont 'd ) see , what you do today , you and joey , you be chuff up now , and so you should be , my splendid boy . it 's good to be proud when you do something good . but what he do , in Africa , whatever it be , he take no pride in it . hard as it surely be , and however much pain it 's cost he , he refuse to be proud of kill , I suppose . she return the thing in the footlocker , close it . albert ( confuse : ) I would be proud . if I would go off to war . if I would go and save my mate , and - rosie well , whether or not you think you would do the same thing as he ... think how brave he be for refuse to be proud . she head back to Albert , pennant in hand . 28 . rosie ( cont 'd ) oh , you dad make mistake . and he drink to forget the mistake that he 's make - but he never give up and he do that for we . and today , you show the world it 's all be worth it . as she leave , she drape the pennant over Albert 's shoulder . rosie ( cont 'd ) you keep look after joey and he will always be look after you . Albert look again at the pennant . albert ( softly : ) sergeant , seventh battalion , Imperial yeomanry . ( amaze , to joey : ) you see this , joey ? it 's be through a entire war . Albert hold the pennant in wonder . albert ( cont 'd ) I be not steal it . I will give it back to he , someday . ext . field . day . early morning . dad hobbling across the furrow , alone , plant the field by hand . ext . narracott farm . devon country montage . Albert and joey be now in a meadow . they trot past the field he plow , now pack with a strong and sturdy crop , which Ted tend to . the sun be break through and joey start to run across the field and up a small incline . as both joey and Albert gain confidence they pick up speed . Albert push joey on , they be go faster and faster , Albert yell with the exhilaration of it all . joey race flat out across the countryside . Albert hang on for dear life . Albert and joey pull up beside a sleek red car . it 's Lyons ' car , be drive by David Lyons , every inch the expensively - tailore rural gentry . 29 . david um , I be the only boy that drive in the village . no one else drive but I . young woman oh , yeah ? david that 's right and this be my dad 's car . you be lucky that you be in it . I be not normally allow to drive it `cause it 's so - Albert urge joey to go faster , till they be neck and neck beside the car , racing it . David Lyons look to see Albert and joey run alongside he car . he feign disinterest . Albert glance at David , but he 's much more interested in the very pretty young woman seat next to David , she hand try to control she hair , fly in the wind . forgetting himself momentarily , Albert stare at she , dazzle . the woman turn to David : young woman be he a friend of yours ? she smile at Albert , encourage he . David Lyons , annoyed , push the accelerator down , and the car edge ahead of joey . but not for long . the sound of the acceleration and Albert 's eagerness to impress the young woman make joey go faster , and again he move out ahead of the car . the young woman grin at Albert . up ahead Albert see that the wall alongside of which he 's be racing turn the corner , present he and joey with a obstacle . Albert encourage joey to go faster . albert come on , boy , let 's show she how to fly ! they head right for the wall , but at the very last moment , joey balk and come to a dead standstill , send Albert sailing over the wall . back in the car , the girl gasp and cover she mouth , concerned . David say nothing , but allow himself a small smile . on the other side of the wall , Albert stand a bit batter , but unfaze . 30 . albert ( cont 'd ) well ... you be clearly not gonna be a jumper . Thunder start to rumble ominously in the background . ext . narracott farm . night . Albert and joey return , drive sheep before they . angry storm cloud stretch to the horizon . ext . narracott farm . night . as Albert lead joey to the stable , lighting blast across a angry sky . the rain be fall in torrent . int . farmhouse . night . another crack of thunder - and a piece of wood in the roof give way - water gush in - dad rush to support the roof as the wind force a window open . at that moment , the door suddenly swing open with the violence of the storm , smash against the wall - dad and rosie turn - and there be harold the goose , who scuttle in without he usual arrogance and hide himself in a corner . mrs . narracott shoo , harold . shoo , shoo , shoo ! the thunder crack again and ... ext . lower field . day . Albert and dad walk across the field . Mrs. narracott dig through the mess . the entire crop be flat - ruin by the storm . the ground squelch beneath they foot . the whole field be a write off . albert we can try plant something else , or we could hire ourselves out to uncle Bob . dad do not answer . he shake he head and limp away . albert ( cont 'd ) how else we gonna pay Mr. Lyons ' rent ? Ted do not turn around . 31 . int . kitchen . evening . Mrs. narracott make some coffee . Ted sit alone on a chair . mrs . narracott what we gonna do ? dad I use to believe that God give each man he fair portion of bad luck . I do not feel that any more . I have have more than my share . ( pause ) you will stop loving I , Rose . and I will not blame you when you do . rose well , I might hate you more - but I will never love you less . then somewhere in the distance , a unfamiliar sound ... ext . lane leading to the village . evening . a motorbike rumble along the lane at huge speed create a cloud of dust as it go . the noise of the motorbike be draw attention from all over the valley . it can be hear field away and everyone be draw to this completely unheard of sound . ext . the village . evening . the motorbike whizze through the village . head turn in astonishment . motorbike rider it 's war ! the bike come to a stop in the market place . the rider take off he goggle . Men of the village start to flock around the machine , with great curiosity . motorbike rider ( cont 'd ) we be at War with Germany . you hear ? England be at war with Germany . shock and amazement . the rider take off he goggle : motorbike rider ( cont 'd ) they be go to ring the bell at six o'clock - and then never ring they again until the war be over . 32 . everyone across England know that they life be about to change . ext . farm yard . day . Dawn rise over the farm . ext . farm yard . dawn . Albert race to the stable , excited with the campaign pennant . int . stable . the same . as Albert enter the stable , he call out : albert look smart , joey lad , it 's the tavistock Fair ! Albert open the door and stop dead . he look at the empty stable . ext . / int . kitchen / yard . day . Albert run out . he rush into the kitchen . his mother stare out the window . she have be cry . albert what have he do with he ? she say nothing , but she face give everything away . Albert in a panic turn and run out into the lane . Mrs. narracott tear up again . ext . square of a market town . the same . the market square be full of military man . the Union Jack be fly up the flagpole . a group of girl have gather to check out the army boy . eager young man crowd a table staff by recruiting officer : recruiting officer last name first . first name , middle name , last . captain nicholls be in the square inspect joey , knowledgably . he be a handsome , attractive , modest , upper class man . dad stand beside he . he check joey 's tooth , he foot and finally , look he straight in the eye . 33. dad take my word for it - finest horse in the parish . go like a racer , strong , decent , very fine . Captain nicholl have immediately connect with joey and put he at he ease . SAM perkin , a tough sergeant , be physically inspect joey . SAM perkin no curb , no splint , good foot and tooth . he 's as sound as a bell , sir . captain nicholls and how much be you charge , sir - for this strong , decent , and very fine animal ?! dad forty . captain nicholls I will give you twenty and not a penny more . dad twenty be no good to I , Captain . thirty five and he 's yours . captain nicholls I do not even know how he ride . dad oh , he ride ... splendidly . you will be astonished . I promise you that . ( he heart 's in he throat , fight back grief ) finest horse in all of Devon . finest horse I ever see . ext . square of a market town . the same . Albert burst into the square just in time to see nicholl and dad shake hand . they business conclude . captain nicholls thank you . Albert race towards joey . Ted grab he . Albert fight to get free . he look at he father in anger and betrayal . albert you can not ! you can not , he 's mine ! I train he ! 34 . dad Albert . Albert be hysterical . albert you can not have he . he 's my horse , sir . captain nicholls I be afraid it 's too late , lad . I have just pay thirty guinea for he . albert ( to ted : ) please , I will get you money . I will , I will get you money . I will ... I will work for it ! I will work for it . ( to nicholls : ) he will not obey anyone else . he will not be any good in the war , neither . he ...he shy at every sound ! captain nicholls I be sorry . Albert snap to attention . albert well , if joey 's go , I be go , too . I be volunteering . captain nicholls I see . what 's you name , lad ? albert Albert , sir . captain nicholls and how old be you , Albert ? albert nineteen , sir . captain nichol be that the truth ? albert no sir . but , but I look nineteen and I be bigger than most nineteen - year - old , sir ! and I be strong , sir ! and I ... I be not afraid of anything . nicholls interject : 35 . captain nicholls I do not doubt you qualification , Albert , but the law be very clear about the proper age for soldier , and you father 's do what he have to do . you know that . thirty guinea be not nearly enough to purchase a horse as fine as you joey , I know that . but it 's all I have get . will you lease he to I , Albert , to be my own mount ? ( he remove he cap , earnest ) I promise you , man to man , that I will look after he as closely as you have do , I will respect he and all the care that you have take with he . and if I can - I will return he to you care . Albert look at he . although nicholl speak with authority he have a kindness which Albert recognize . captain nicholls ( cont 'd ) now say goodbye . Albert kiss joey . albert it 's all right , boy ... but at that moment , Sam Perkins pull joey away : SAM perkin all right , turn it in , eh ? that 's enough . he 's a horse , not a dog . now , on you way . ( to joey ) come on . nicholl walk away into the crowd . the sergeant pull joey , but joey do not want to be separate from Albert . his reaction be implacable , reminiscent to the separation from he mother . Perkins lead joey away . they disappear into the crowd and rosie be suddenly there . Ted sense she silent judgment . dad do you want to lose the farm , Rose ? rosie it 's the way you do it . dad but we be at war . 36 . rosie be not we just . she look at Albert . implacable . forever . ext . village square . the same . the recruit march through town under pennant and the strain of a familiar song ( " the jolly plowboy " ) - it be a song they all know , which mean a lot to they - full of soul - a song of harvest or a celtic hymn , something relate specifically to the life they have lead together . everyone of every age - everyone in the village know this song - it be theirs . nicholl pass in he car and we see that they be leave behind - cheer - a whole generation of young man be march off to war . one girlfriend rush up to kiss she leave boyfriend . Albert watch joey , then remember the campaign pennant dangle from he pocket . he run up to joey - albert joey ... - and tuck the pennant into joey 's halter . SAM perkin here now , I have tell you - sling you hook ! but nicholl intervene from he car . captain nicholls let he be , Perkins . albert this be not the end . this be not the end , my brother ... I , Albert narracott , solemnly swear we will be together again . wherever you be , I will find you . and I will bring you home ! and then they be past he , leave he behind . as Perkins lead joey across a stone bridge , Albert watch from the bank of the stream . joey balk one last time - 37 . SAM perkin whoa . steady , steady . steady now , come on . walk on ! walk on now , come on ! - then Perkins lead he away , leave Albert behind . the very last recruit leave the village - leave the debris of this army 's visit strewn on the square . like the debris of a party you be already beginning to regret . int . army stable . the same . joey be hand off to a groom . joey be amaze by the scale of the building . each horse have a large stall and be be tend to assiduously . joey look around at the hundred of man and horse around he and panic . GROOM whoa whoa whoa . easy easy ... he buck , throw the groom to the ground , and gallop away . but Perkins cut he off , grab he halter , and jerk he back to attention . SAM perkin whoa whoa whoa , joey ! stop muckin ' about , you hear ? yer in the army now , son . he push he into he stall , next to Major Stewart 's horse , a magnificent black stallion , topthorn . SAM perkin ( cont 'd ) good boy , good boy . steady steady ... easy . relax . easy easy , back up . joey rear up in he stall . SAM perkin ( cont 'd ) joey - meet topthorn . topthorn - this be joey . sort out who 's in charge between the two of you , you hear ? if you want to fight , you get it over with - `cause once we be over there , you be gonna need everything you have get for fritz ! this be the first time that joey have have to deal with another horse since he mother - the beginning of one of the most important relationship in he life . captain nicholls gently , Perkins . I do not want to sour he . 38 . nicholl pass he glove and crop to he bat boy who be there to assist he . SAM perkin there will be nothing gentle about the war , sir . and there will be nothing gentle about this one either ! SAM perkin ( cont 'd ) I understand that , sergeant , but I want he fit and shine . he 's my horse . SAM perkin ( cont 'd ) sir. nicholl be join by he friend lieutenant charlie waverly . he be sweet and friendly - upper class but completely benign . charlie waverly scare the live daylight out of I . captain nicholls who ? charlie waverly Perkins . glad he 's on we side . they be both join by a tall , confident officer , major jamie stewart . he size up joey . major stewart not bad . not bad at all . still not a patch on my topthorn . captain nicholls I would not be so sure . I think he 's get potential . he 's certainly get the bit between he tooth . charlie waverly I actually think my blenheim be faster than the pair of they . major stewart clear off ! he suddenly turn from the joke into the efficient senior officer he be . 39 . major stewart ( cont 'd ) all right , gentleman , listen here . everything tell we the same story , from waterloo to omdurman , from pickett 's charge to the Battle of Mars La Tours - the first attack can and should be the decisive one . Perkins ... SAM perkin yes , sir ! major stewart no excuse , no mistake - every horse groom and fit for presentation ! I want a full practice charge tomorrow . SAM perkin sir. they leave . ext . salisbury plain . day . the whole regiment be gather . everybody be in they ceremonial uniform . it all have the feel of the change of the Guard rather than anything related to a real battle . the day be hot , the plain be quiet and beautiful , the gather be huge , there be a real sense of pride and anticipation . Captain nicholl , resplendent in full uniform ride joey out over the vast expanse of the plain . both nicholl and joey be dress up like something from the last century , out of the boer War , even the charge of the Light Brigade . nicholl be proud and confident . they gather before hundred of man and horse all line up to be inspect . Charlie join they , look pretty good on blenheim . finally , nicholl and Charlie reach Stewart and topthorn wait in position . major stewart think you two have bottled out . charlie waverly as if . nicholl look at he friend tolerantly . major stewart all right , then , let 's see what you two joker be make of , shall we ? 40 . captain nicholls this be what quiet confidence look like . charlie waverly I will wait for you two at the Duke of York . nicholl and Stewart and Charlie prepare themselves for the charge . joey and topthorn size up to one another . major stewart over to you , Captain nicholl . topthorn bristle at joey . everyone be highly charge . the competition between Stewart and nicholl seem to have be absorb between the horse . topthorn and joey square up for the practice charge like two athlete before a race . captain nicholls draw ...sword ! nicholl raise he sword . it glint in the summer air . it seem to hang there forever . every man follow suit . topthorn and joey glance at each other , ready to charge . captain nicholls ( cont 'd ) give ...point ! every sword be point directly ahead at arm 's length . captain nicholls ( cont 'd ) charge !!!! a roar go up from the man and a deafen pound of hoof break the silence . the huge line of horse start run straight ahead of they . joey and topthorn run off at top speed . Dust and earth rise up behind they . bugle , the deafen thunder of hoof . it be exhilate . we see the scale of the operation , we enjoy the speed and the splendor of the mass of man and horse . the soldier shout in glee and excitement . each man push he horse to out - run that around he , nicholl and Stewart seem lock in mortal combat . nicholl smile at Stewart , confidently . topthorn start to pull away , ahead of all the other horse in the line . nicholl push joey on . topthorn seem too strong , joey will never catch they . nicholl be determine not to be beat . 41 . captain nicholls ( cont 'd ) come on , joey . I know you have get it . come on , boy ! come on ! he push joey on . joey dig in and find hide strength and speed . he start to catch up with topthorn and draw along side . nicholl and Stewart exchange tense look . captain nicholls ( cont 'd ) come on , boy ! Stewart be amaze and push topthorn harder . now both rider be go at they top speed . they be neck and neck - they fight for every inch of advantage , every fibre of they be invest in the race . nicholl push joey on and joey pull away . joey inch forward till he be almost a length ahead of topthorn . the effort be enormous . nicholl look back at Stewart , very happy . Stewart 's frustration show . he know he be beat . then suddenly they race over the line . nicholl spear a ring decorate with a blue ribbon and pull joey to a halt . they have cross the enemy line . nicholl be ecstatic . topthorn come to joey 's side . major stewart whoa . whoa . nicholl laugh , grin . captain nicholls Nice of you to turn up . the horse be nose to nose , snort , we sense the heat , the exertion . topthorn and joey be bring together by the effort . we sense topthorn 's newly mint respect for joey . and joey be no soft touch - he slightly hold he head up in victory , let topthorn know that he know he win . the other horse come charge in . there be a real sense of achievement and congratulation amongst the regiment . major stewart he 's get speed ... I will give he that . but have he get stamina ? captain nicholls he have everything . the two man enjoy the moment of rivalry and the exhilaration of it all . the two horse , face to face rub against each other for the first time . a bond have be form ... 42 . int . officer ' study . day . Stewart enter . a phonograph play " rose of picardy . " the wall be decorate with etching of famous battle , and a large map of western Europe that depict how the English troops be crossing the channel to confront the Germans near Belgium . nicholl be write a letter - though actually at this moment , he be make a little pencil draw of joey to enclose with it . major stewart what be you up to ? captain nicholls I be write a letter . major stewart with a picture in it ? captain nicholls it 's to the boy who own joey . I want to show he how wonderful he 's look . major stewart before we take he away across the Channel to face a million Germans gun . captain nicholls yes . before that ... major stewart 4 a.m. start tomorrow - travel with the dragoon Guards and the royal . Transport detachment - they will need to be at the dock at 5 be . check all kit . Battle order : no polish - button , helmet buckle , stirrup iron - let `em all go dull . I want nothing to flash in the sun and give we away . captain nicholls of course . as Stewart leave , he pass Charlie . he casually acknowledge he . major stewart Charlie ... charlie waverly Jamie . captain nicholls Charlie . 43. Charlie check he new cap in the mirror . charlie waverly what do you think of the cap ? he show the bright red lining to nicholl . charlie waverly ( cont 'd ) silk lining . I quite like it . captain nicholls I be not sure it 's go to make a lot of difference to the Germans . charlie waverly oh , I do not know about that . think about it - you be a boche , just work out which of two chap to shoot - and you think - " good Lord - one of they really be wear a very stylish cap indeed ! " you might shoot the other one instead . captain nicholls or , alternatively , think - " I fancy that cap " and kill you first of all . pause . Charlie remove the cap . charlie waverly have not think of that . nicholl return to he sketch . ext . dirt road . FRANCE . Three hundred horse and they charge in a slow march in the middle of the most pristine french countryside . title : FRANCE - 1914 , quivrechain ext . road . day . nicholl and Stewart and Charlie ride on a smooth road past a series of post screen with cloth . they be silhouett against the set sun . ext . road . day . the regiment be tense and nervous as they gingerly make they way along the country road . topthorn and joey sense the grim change of atmosphere . 44 . ext . woodland above a plain . day . they be in woodland above a plain stretch for mile . a small table have be take out for Stewart and he officer . sergeant major singh - a turbane indian with a magnificent moustache dress in ceremonial garb - explain the line of battle on a map . sgt . major singh that be we target - the german 11th division - at the moment bivouack three mile to the east of the menin Road . we have be watch they and they have pitch tent for the night and light cooking fire . knock they out - and we could slide in behind the german line and come at they from the South at geluveld . major stewart excellent . captain nicholls number ? sgt . major singh about six hundred . infantry . captain nicholls twice we size ... major stewart in regiment of horse and man , the advantage be ours . sgt . major singh and we have surprise on we side . but the sooner we move , the better - we have no assurance they will still be there tomorrow morning . we officer just have a second to take in the news . the day have suddenly arrive . the day they have work for , for so long . major stewart right. good . so - today it be . Charlie - tell the man . charlie waverly salisbury formation ? 45 . major stewart salisbury formation . we will charge through they and secure the ground behind . sgt . major singh the grass to the leave be taller than we be - it 's perfect cover . major stewart excellent work , sergeant Major . time spend on reconnaissance be rarely waste . as Stewart depart : captain nicholls thank you , Singh . ( calling after ) Jamie ! nicholl catch up to Stewart , concerned . captain nicholls ( cont 'd ) they have no idea we be come . major stewart not have scruples , be you , Jim ? captain nicholls no . I understand the surprise be everything . but if it must be do , let 's do it quickly . nicholl notice Charlie nervously attend he horse . captain nicholls ( cont 'd ) be you alright , Charlie ? charlie waverly never be better . literally , never better . we worry for he - he be afraid . Stewart ride through the line astride topthorn . major stewart prepare to mount ! mount ! as the cry be echoed throughout the regiment , nicholl accept joey from a attend soldier . 46 . captain nicholls thank you , standley . ( to joey ) hey , joey . my bonny boy . you be all right , be not you , joey ? hey ? nicholl take the red campaign pennant from he pocket and thread it through joey 's rein . Minutes later - Stewart address the man . major stewart gentleman . it be a honour to ride beside you . make the kaiser rue the day he dare to cross sword with we . let every man make himself , he King , he country , and he fall comrade proud ! be brave . fear god. honor the King ! troopers ( in unison shout ) fear god. honor the King ! ext . over grown corn field . day . cut to a elegant field of tall grass , wave in the gentle breeze . then suddenly three hundred man seem to rise out of it . they be in fact we soldier , mount they horse - but the horse be invisible in the height of the grass . Stewart give a signal . we see the intense anticipation on he face . he take out he sabre . major stewart draw sword ! the man draw they sabre in silence . the bird chirp , oblivious . then nicholl just turn to he two friend and almost whisper ... captain nicholls good luck , my friend . he pat joey 's side . and then ... major stewart forward , to walk ! walk ... march ! the regiment begin move through the field . 47 . major stewart ( cont 'd ) forward to canter ! canter ...march ! the man start to float over the grass - sweep along by they invisible horse , until ... suddenly they emerge from the tall grass - the immense power of the gallop horse - silence explode into a violent crash of hoof . the noise be immense , sword be fly in the air . hundred of horse racing towards the german encampment . on the german side , two soldier wake to the sound of hoofbeat . they pull they tent flap aside to find the invincible charge come towards they . the Germans be totally unprepare . we see they scramble back towards tent , rush towards they gun - one man pull up he trousers rush for cover . one german drop some dirty dish into a wash pot , scream : german soldier kavallerie ! topthorn and joey race each other like a rerun of they practice on salisbury plain . the sword and uniform glint in the sun , the german troops look terrify - some run in panic , other prepare to stand they ground . captain nicholls charge ! the british head in for the kill , the man scream battle cry with sheer exhilaration . we see the horse at close quarter run with all they might . nicholl and Stewart yell as they approach the enemy . the surprise attack be a huge success . the first row of unprepare Germans be fall ... the regiment sweep through the encampment , cut down soldier and drive the rest in a panicked retreat to the tree line . but then we see , in the shadow of the forest behind the camp -- a machine gun . no , a line of machine gun - at least twenty gun , sandbagge apart - the logical , new , modern defence of a garrison . in a instant , the flee Germans have manned the gun . all now fire . 48 . the noise of the blast of bullet drown out everything else . a score of man and horse be suddenly on the ground , it happen almost so quickly joey and topthorn do not realize anything 's wrong and find themselves racing straight towards the gun . the bullet keep come , now suddenly half of the regiment be on the ground . horse after horse race past the gun into the wood ... all of they now riderless . nicholl watch helplessly as one of the barrel swing towards he . his face go slack as he realize he be about to die . a moment later , joey run on - we pan up to see he be run on riderless - he have not realize that nicholl be go . the bullet whizz around he head , but he still run directly ahead . we would always know he by the red pennant nicholl tie on he saddle . joey be now run through the german line . no one bother to attack he as the german 's concentrate they effort on the cavalry behind he . the line of machine gun fire as one , decimate the horse and they rider . joey leap and dance nimbly through the german rank , but suddenly rear up in the confusion , surround by Germans . near he , survive English officer be haul from they horse . Stewart wheel back around on topthorn , sabre in hand . but he , too , be quickly surround by several Germans with they rifle train on he . a furious german officer storm over , speak perfect English : german officer ( outraged ) what ? do you think that a garrison on open ground would go undefend ? look at yourself ! who do you think you be ?!! Stewart look at the Officer - at the gun that surround he - and throw down he sabre , stabbing it into the ground . the Germans take Stewart from topthorn . around they , the field be litter with dead soldier and horse . 49 . ext . battlefield . day . topthorn appear disorient and frighten . suddenly , he rear up and bolt from he new german handler , gallop over to joey . the horse briefly nuzzle , but both rear up again as they be separate and lead past a young german soldier , gunther . he zeroe in on they , the finest horse . a slightly more junior officer approach the outrage senior officer . junior german officer . what do we do with the horse ? german officer if they be injure , shoot they . junior german officer and the other , sir ? german officer the other you round up and take to base camp - they will pull gun . third officer you will never get fancy horse like this to pull gun . german officer then shoot they also . gunther , the young private , now stand behind they , interject . gunther Sir - perhaps we could use some of they with the ambulance - to get the injure man off the field . german officer will they take the harness ? gunther I would like to try , sir . the officer move away - that 's enough talk about horse ... CUT on - gunther be now with joey and topthorn . near a wooden ambulance - which be like a giant wagon to carry human . he be with michael , a very young soldier , he brother - possibly as young as 14 . 50 . gunther lift a heavy pull harness - and try to get topthorn into it . michael it will not work - they be cavalry gunther let 's try . michael you will not get the harness on . gunther come on , Michael . topthorn balk violently . gunther ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa . easy , now , easy now , englishman ... whoa , whoa , whoa . easy now , easy . michael gunther ! it 's hopeless - we can not help they . and suddenly joey move up and present himself , with he strange self assurance and self sacrifice . and instinct for survival . he sniff the harness and place he head through it , which help to calm topthorn enough that gunther can slip the collar onto the big black horse . gunther turn to joey , impressed . gunther well , well , look at you . whoever teach you this have just save you life . gunther spot the red ribbon in joey 's saddle , remove it , fold it , and place it in he pocket . later - gunther and Michael be return from the battlefield with topthorn and joey , pull a ambulance with british and german wounded . amongst the wounded , we see a hand grip a batter , silk line hat . it be waverly , wounded but alive . ext . narracott' farm . devon . day . Si easton let himself in through the gate . Ted pull up turnip from they three acre crop . 51 . rosie , just across a furrow , be also engage in the harvest . it 's hard work . Si hold a parcel . SI easton hello the farm ! rosie ( look up , wiping she brow ) hello , Si easton ! Albert pass carry a crate laden with turnip , but pull up short when he hear : SI easton I be at the post office and while I be there , Mrs. Allen say a parcel have come for Albert , from the , from the , from over there - and I think I could go up that way in the morning . and - here it be . albert well , who would be send I a parcel over there ? dad well , open it and see . Albert open the parcel and pull out a leather sketchbook ... albert it 's a sketchbook ... ( gasp of realization ) that 's Captain nicholl ' sketchbook ! see that ? that 's a picture of joey ! rosie it 's a picture of joey . well , I never ! albert ( excite ) and there 's a letter ... rosie well , go on then , go on . albert all right . ( reading ) " dear Albert narracott . ( more ) 52 . albert ( cont 'd ) Captain nicholl , who die ... Captain nicholl , who die in action today leave you this . your , sergeant Sam Perkins . Si easton drop he head guiltily . rosie catch this . rosie you be not to know it be bad news . albert he be riding joey when he die . rosie you do not know that he be riding he ... albert " in action , " it say . everybody fall silent . Albert go to the fence and look down at the sketches of joey . rosie look at she son , she heart break for he . dad return to the harvest without a word . Albert look off to the horizon and - over there . ext . german base camp . evening . close -- a step stool . Michael mount the stool next to joey and topthorn , remove they harness and carry they across the road . Michael slip and fall into the mud . gunther dash over and pull he up just before a military convoy pull into the camp , run over the tack . the base camp officer appear on a motorbike . base camp officer . gentlemen ! we move forward to the frontline tonight . full march order . get move ! as the soldier hop to they order , the officer turn to - base camp officer schroeder ! schroeder ! both Michael and gunther turn to he . but it 's gunther the Officer want to talk to . base camp officer ( cont 'd ) no , not you - you . come . 53. gunther pick up the drop harness as he approach . base camp officer ( cont 'd ) I be keep you here . you be best with the horse and we need to move the camp quickly if the enemy continue to push through from the west . gunther they be push through ? base camp officer I be tell . we will move later when we find where the horse be need most . gunther yes , sir . perhaps I can keep my brother here with I , he 's also very good with horse . base camp officer oh no no . not necessary . ( to michael ) get move . we leave tonight . he walk away . gunther be stricken by the news , but Michael be excited . as he lead joey past he brother : michael it 's all right , gunther . gunther can not really speak . Michael be just a boy . ext . german camp / various . evening . Soldiers be lift up they equipment - gather - move in the same direction . in a quiet tent , a few last soldier be pack . and there be gunther and Michael , pack together . gunther you be not go . I will tell they you be only fourteen , that you be a boy . michael Father sign I in . he know my age - and so do they . 54 . the process of pack be they way of cope with the shock . gunther be fold one of Michael 's shirt . Michael take it back ... michael ( cont 'd ) mother obviously never teach you how to fold a shirt . gunther of course she do . I just be not listen . but you need to listen now ! I promise she , I make she a solemn promise , that you would be safe with I . with I , Michael !! he lean close to Michael , talk in almost a whisper . gunther ( cont 'd ) they will never make a head count . there be too many of we . you can stay here - slip underneath the bed - until they move out . michael then what ? Michael carry on with he pack . michael ( cont 'd ) gunther , it will be fine . and when all the machine break down and they call up the horse , I will see you at the front . we will be together again . and now the case be pack . gunther head to the tent open . michael ( cont 'd ) gunther ... look round , the tent be now empty . the moment to leave have come . gunther pull the red pennant from he pocket and follow Michael out of the tent to where the soldier be lining up in the road . gunther I be give this to you . for luck . gunther tie the pennant to the back of Michael 's pack as he form up . gunther ( cont 'd ) to keep you safe . 55 . Michael smile at he and begin to march . march towards ypre , on the western Front . base camp officer Im schnellschritt ! marsch ... link ! Zwei , drei , vier ! we settle on young Michael - in line - he pass gunther . he remain eager . but it be goodbye . this soldier move into the darkness and towards death . gunther look on - tear in he eye . the two horse be uneasy - sense tension . a few minute later - gunther grab a saddle and throw it onto joey 's back . back to the soldier . suddenly we see the gallop leg of two horse . they whip past the back of the line of march soldier . it 's clear what be happen - gunther be on topthorn - and have hold of joey , on a loose rope , gallop beside he . gunther , gallop along the line of soldier , spot what he be look for , a red pennant unfurl and flap in the wind , tie onto Michael 's pack . gunther speed toward he . this be he plan all along . and in a instant he be beside he and without Michael ever realize , he suddenly find he arm and leg akimbo , as he be yank out of the line and drag along the ground , desperately close to joey 's pound hoof . Michael look at the soldier beside he - he look at the skyline of violence ahead ... but before he can decide , he feel he brother 's arm - pull he upwards . and now , the two of they be fully on topthorn . they leave a jumble of soldier in they wake as the officer try to restore order . german officer get back in line ! line ! ext . wood . later . Michael now ride joey , follow gunther on topthorn . the brother look at each other - can not believe what they have do - Michael be follow he brother , sweep along , do not know if it be right . and Michael and joey and gunther and topthorn charge on to freedom . they spot a lonely house and burst past a line with some drying clothes . 56 . as they ride , they grab civilian shirt and jacket and trousers , the clothes peg pinging off and fall to the ground . and on they ride - though all too soon day start to break in the far distance . they see a very dilapidate windmill . they aim for it as the sun begin to seriously break over the horizon . int . / ext . windmill . dawn . they reach the windmill . it feel very unused . the machinery of the windmill creak in the dawn . the brother untether the horse , careful now that it be light outside . michael I be hungry . do you bring food ? gunther I be sorry . Michael finger the pennant on joey 's rein . then ... michael will Father be ashamed ? gunther he will pretend to be . maybe at first he will be . but in the end , he will be glad . michael and we ? what about we ? gunther look at he - but do not reply . as Michael remove joey' saddle : michael ( cont 'd ) I be ready to go . I be proud to go . ( after a beat , in a very SMALL voice ) I want to go . later - they sit in silence , wait for sleep . michael ( cont 'd ) the food in Italy be good . gunther yes . michael what about the woman ? 57 . gunther not as good as the food . michael because ... they have eat too much of the food ? gunther you be too young for war . and you be too young for woman ! gunther laughingly push he over . michael I do not feel so young . not anymore . michael ( cont 'd ) Michael . michael ( cont 'd ) what ? gunther go to sleep - we have a big night of riding ahead . goodnight , Michael . he jokingly stroke Michael 's cheek . Michael swat he away , but as he settles in the hay : michael night night , gunther . ext . windmill . dusk . gunther and Michael sleep . suddenly something awaken joey . he stir and then rise . hear the sound of engine and see light through the slat sweeping across joey 's face . Michael and gunther be stir in they sleep as we hear a car and several motorcycle approach . head - lamp filter through the crack in the windmill wall stabbing the brother awake . german soldier hei ! in die windmhle ! the boy spring up , speak in terrify whisper . gunther go , go , go ... michael okay . 58 . they race up a nearby ladder , but Michael stumble against a table , upsetting some gear . it clatter loudly . they cower as they hear boot tromping up the step outside . then the windmill door be throw open , pin they in the bright headlight of the vehicle . as they be march out , we see what they see : a german car - two motorcycle . six Germans , include the officer who be in charge of they . base camp officer schroeder . gunther yes , sir . base camp officer a mistake ? he 's offer a excuse , but - gunther a promise . the officer accept this grimly , nod . base camp officer ja ... as the boy be take away , he light a cigarette . int . windmill . night . through the turn arm of the windmill , we glimpse the double execution . four rifle fire - flash of the soldier shoot - the body on the ground . ext . outside the windmill . day . complete stillness in the empty countryside . int . the windmill . day . there be joey and topthorn , still wait . and then suddenly - the door of the windmill creak . the two horse turn , immensely aware of the break in the silence . the door open a little - and we see , reflect in joey 's eye , a very delicate , beautiful , thirteen - year- old country girl ( emilie ) . she stare at the horse . they stare straight back at she . and she walk straight out again , close the big door behind she . joey and topthorn settle for a moment . 59 . time transition - joey and topthorn be in a slightly different place - and the door open again . it be the same little girl - but this time she come in carry two bucket full of water . int . / ext . farmhouse / farm . day . a small humble farmhouse - and round it , small field , plant with different fruit crop . we see a old man ( grandfather ) , burden with a basket of berry head back towards the farmhouse . a SOUND cause he to look out across the farm -- far in the distance the STORM of war be in the sky . he enter the kitchen - which be rough , but full of the paraphernalia of jam-make - jar , sieve , pectin , sugar . emilie be at the sink , wash berry . emilie grandpre . he head towards the side - board , dump the two bag and lift the first handful of fruit on to the counter . she empty she clean berry into a bowl . Notes the explosion outside . emilie ( cont 'd ) it 's closer today . grandfather the wind play trick with the noise - it 's move away from we . emilie I can hear it , grandpre , and there be no wind . you should not lie to I . grandfather here . there be no wind here . but over there - a wind so strong it will lift you off the ground ... emilie you lie about everything . you say you be not worried but it 's clear you be . I know the war be approach but you say , " oh , it 's just a trick of the wind . " he retrieve a bottle of medicine from the mantle . 60 . grandfather ( smiling ) do I say that ? emilie you start lie when mama and papa go away . she pour a load of sugar into a bowl with the fruit . emilie ( cont 'd ) they be dead . but you will not say so . do you think I will die if you tell I the truth ? grandfather the truth be - he feed she a spoonful of the medicine . grandfather ( cont 'd ) - you should speak to you elder with respect . she stick she wet finger in the sugar and suck it to help with the taste of the medicine . emilie if you tell I the truth about the war , I will tell you the truth about the big horse I have be keep in the windmill . grandfather ( stand , put he hand on he hip ) now - who be the one tell lie ! ext . courtyard . same . grandfather look stunne as he pace in front of joey and topthorn - who stand in the small courtyard outside the house . grandfather in the windmill ? emilie yes . they be stand in the windmill wait for Don Quixote . this be Franois ( joey ) and this be Claude ( topthorn ) . 61 . grandfather yeah . emilie I name they after two boy who break my heart last summer . grandfather they must belong to someone . horse like this do not just appear from a fairy - tale . emilie yes - I know , grandpre . they be not unicorn - so I will be fair and wait -- one day . grandfather emilie ... emilie ... emilie and if no one come to get they by night - time , then they belong to I . grandfather emilie . look at I . you cannot ride . emilie mother use to tell I how my bone would give way with the slight bump or fall . grandfather yes . that 's right . so it be settle ? she kiss he cheek -- grandfather ( cont 'd ) good girl . -- but then calmly lead the horse back to the windmill . emilie it will only be settle when I decide which one to ride first . grandfather but it 's - over my dead body ! emilie at least I will not have long to wait . 62 . that be the end of the conversation as far as she be concerned . ext . farm house . day . emilie be with the horse in the little stable at the end of the courtyard - a bit away from the farm house - she be feed they out of a bucket - not very nice gruel .... we see that she be hesitant with they - that she have spend no time around horse . emilie ( to joey ) I be in love with a boy call Franois - who have you lovely eye . ( to claude ) unfortunately he be in love with a girl call Marie , who have you tooth . she fall for a boy call Claude - who break my heart . and who I intend to marry one day . int . / ext . field in front of farmhouse . day . grandfather watch emilie from inside the house as he make jam . emilie ( o.s. ) eye on I . no talk . outside , emilie have fashioned two jump . the big one for joey and a little demonstration obstacle for herself . she lead joey to a start point about 30 yard in front of some crate support a stick about four foot off the ground . the red pennant hang from the stick . joey stand quietly as emilie hobble to the big jump , make a jump gesture with she hand . emilie ( cont 'd ) today we learn to jump . do you know the french clear one meter eighty - five at the Paris Olympic to win the gold medal ? today we will beat that record . grandfather chuckle . emilie indicate the larger barrier . emilie ( cont 'd ) this be you jump . when I call you .... be very brave and leap over it . she clap , but joey do not move . 63. emilie ( cont 'd ) Leap over it ! watch I . she turn to she demonstration jump and easily step over she six - inch high barrier . emilie ( cont 'd ) and now it 's you -- she turn to find joey already step over she mini-jump , stop in front of she . he 's only interested in the apple in she hand . she take a bite herself . jump to : emilie return joey to the start line and run back behind the big jump . from behind she back she produce three big carrot drip soil . joey 's ear perk and he take off quickly but at the last moment veer right and pass between the two jump . int . farmhouse . day . grandfather be watch through the window as he prepare he strawberry jam . he laugh and go back to work . back to field aware she 's be watch , she sling the carrot over she shoulder , frustrated . jump to : ext . barn . later . joey slowly emerge from the barn with emilie out in front lead he with one hand . in the other hand , she carry a small wooden step ladder . emilie he do not think we can do it . but we will show he , will not we ? emilie unfold the ladder beside joey and shakily start climb to the top of it . emilie ( cont 'd ) ( her voice shaking ) no need to be afraid . ( emilie look down at how far off the ground she be ) you be ... very tall . 64 . before she can swing she leg over joey 's back - grandfather you will kill yourself . emilie turn , and there , block the hurdle , now stand hand on hip , be grandfather . emilie only if you get in my way to make I fall . grandfather oh please , come off the ladd -- a SOUND from far down the road . grandfather look . emilie turn to look too . two truck lead by a german motorcycle be approach the farm . grandfather ( cont 'd ) find somewhere to hide they . and do it quickly !!! as emilie race off with the horse , grandfather push over the jump and jam the pennant into he pocket . the bike arrive first , just miss emilie as she lead the horse behind the house . the truck arrive , pull round - one of the soldier in the front jump out and open the back . german officer halt ! und aussteigen ! the people - 20 of they , all seem to be poor french peasant , mainly woman , move out of the truck . as they walk past , they avoid the eye of the grandfather , who approach the soldier . grandfather my name be Bonnard - this be my land . why be you here ? soldier food for the soldier at the front . everyone must give they share . and suddenly we see what be go to happen - the 20 peasant spread out and move through the field - with either bag , or use the apron they wear - pick all the fruit - at just the moment all the work have bring forth fruit - and the new year 's crop be ready . 65 . raspberry , black -currant , gooseberry . in a few minute , everything he life by will be go . watch from he car and calmly smoking a cigar be brandt , the officer in charge of the unit . cut to the field - the apron and basket be get full . they move through the row of fruit like a plague of locust . back to the grandfather - and out of the house come emilie . grandfather they be take everything . where be the horse ? pause . emilie what horse ? the sound of jar break draw grandfather and emilie into the kitchen , where the Germans continue to raid they other supplies . one german pick up waterbath canner -- inspect it . german soldier what be it ? grandfather leave it if you do not know what it 's for . german soldier a pot be a pot . we will find some use for it . Sir , where 's the livestock ? brandt sit quietly , casually use he finger to scoop jam from a open jar . grandfather I make jam . we have no animal . german soldier but there 's fresh hay in you barn . emilie enter , overhear . emilie we use it to replace the mattress stuffing . german soldier her grandfather ? 66 . grandfather yes . german soldier where be she parent ? emilie ( breaking in ) they be dead . they die . the german nod and be about to take he leave , put the pot back where he find it , when a clumping noise from somewhere in the house begin . german soldier what be that ? grandfather the wind . it play trick in the attic . brandt lick he finger and test : brandt there be no wind . grandfather a old house creak . ( to emilie ) go - close the shutter . emilie run out of the room . the soldier pick up the medicine bottle . german soldier she 's sickly , no ? grandfather if you or any of you friend harm she , as old as I be , I will kill you . the soldier look shocked and then begin to laugh . he slap the medicine flask into grandfather 's chest . german soldier you know , I be go to give you back you pot . but now I be go to keep it . for soup . he sling the huge pot he have put back up on he shoulder and leave the house with the other soldier . 67 . brandt we will be back in the new season . as the Germans leave , we cut to the upstairs bedroom where emilie lie curl up on the bed - and there , stand on either side of the bed - be the two horse . they look huge in the tiny room . int . kitchen . late that night . the sound of shell explode . a huge bombardment somewhere in the deep distance . but much closer than before . the distant , malicious giant of war growl . it be like a lightning storm on the horizon . the kitchen have be emptied . the war have finally come to they - and we can see it on emilie 's face . emilie tell I what happen to they . to my mother and father . grandfather do not respond . emilie ( cont 'd ) you say you would tell I how they die . on my birthday . and tomorrow 's my birthday ! they die fight , do not they ? but when the soldier come - she finally turn to face he . emilie ( cont 'd ) - you do nothing . you be a coward , be not you ? grandfather yes . yes . it be you parent who be brave . I make jam . emilie and you have never do a brave thing in you life ? he ease himself into a chair and shrug . grandfather maybe there be different way to be brave . do you know the french have the best carrier pigeon ? and this could be the difference in the war - we message get through . 68 . emilie I do not want to hear about the bird . grandfather they be release at the front and tell to go home - this be all they know . but to get there they must fly over a war . can you imagine such a thing ? here you be fly over so much pain and terror - and you know you can never look down . you have to look forward or you ' will never get home . I ask you - what could be brave than that ? emilie shed a single tear . int . the barn . dawn . grandfather enter the barn , stroke topthorn 's nose as he pass . he sweep aside a rug from the barn floor , to reveal a trap door . then , he open it . now from out of the trap door , he lift a big ungainly object , cover in another rug . int . farmhouse kitchen . morning . emilie come down the stair as grandfather wait proudly by the stove . she stop when she see the object cover by the rug . emilie what be that ? grandfather a present . emilie move toward the object that be cover . emilie I hope you have not buy I a disgusting dress that I then have to wear like last year . grandfather ( laughing ) it be disgusting ? emilie yes . I look like a ugly nun . 69 . then she stop herself and turn to grandfather with a parental rebuke . emilie ( cont 'd ) give I you hand . ( she take it in hers ) grandpre , we have no money . when the war be over , then you can buy I jewel and carriage . the grandfather smile and give Emily a hug . grandfather anything you say , my sweet one . anything - you-say ! you be , of course , the boss . it 's just a old thing I find - do not worry yourself - leave it , I will put it back . he leave the room . now emilie be alone and she can not help it when she bring she eye back to the object cover by the rug . she look back over she shoulder to make sure she 's not be watch and then lift one corner of the rug . her face explode with a gorgeous smile . she pull off the rug that be cover the big thing and ... it be a gorgeous old saddle . she run she hand along the saddle -- can hardly believe it . int . a hill . just beyond the farmhouse . near the windmill . day . grandfather help to swing emilie up and into the saddle . all at once , the grandfather 's charity evaporate . grandfather it be you mother 's . I hide it , so as not to encourage you . emilie , I want you to ride very slowly , very carefully . and promise I you will not go far -- emilie of course . okay , I promise . grandfather to the top of the hill and straight back again . emilie I promise . emilie unty she hair and toss the red pennant to grandfather , release she hair to spill down she back and shoulder . 70 . emilie ( cont 'd ) my hero . she set off on joey - and quickly spur he to a gallop . grandfather slowly ... slowly ... she ride - past the windmill - and then over the top of a nearby hill - she speed over it and out of sight . back to the hill - a sudden change of mood . a empty shot . no movement , no return girl . grandfather ( cont 'd ) emilie ! cut again to the top of the hill , then back to the grandfather , very worried . grandfather ( cont 'd ) emilie ! topthorn suddenly rear up - and charge off follow , sense danger . grandfather start to run in the direction of the hill . topthorn charge over the brow of the hill . the grandfather run - out of breath . he hear a indistinct scream from emilie ! he reach the top of the hill - come over the brow - and there be not the fall body of emilie , which he have be fear , but a brutal line of german soldier - and motorbike . it be like a line of Indians in a western - total , alien fear . and there amongst they be emilie , astride a panicked joey , surround by soldier . another one hold topthorn , who buck and rear , but to no avail . grandfather start down the hill towards he granddaughter . ext . german column near the windmill . the same the Germans be move through the horse they have gather . emilie , unhorse , try to get to joey , who be be roughly lead away by a german soldier . emilie no ! let go of I ! no ! 71 . grandfather grab she . she be scream . he try to calm she down . joey be tie up as be topthorn . emilie be kick and scream - but also desperately short of breath . grandfather she be my granddaughter ! emilie , stop ! do not hurt she , please ! do not hurt she . a soldier roughly shove emilie at he . brandt approach . emilie scream at he , in tear . emilie you do not need they ! there be so many other ! emilie be still sobbing . grandfather hug she - in horror that she be now struggle so hard for breath . grandfather please , take the bigger one and leave the smaller one . you be break my granddaughter 's heart . brandt ( leaving ) the war have take everything from everyone . grandfather ( calling after ) what will happen to they ? brandt they will pull artillery until they die - emilie ( coughing ) Franois ! brandt - or until the war be over . grandfather it will never be over ! brandt you have you answer then . the motorbike start up and drive off . the grandfather hugging tiny emilie as she cough . 72 . the Germans disappear up the lane leave the old man and the child bereft in the bitter cold . ext . german camp . later . two groom trail brandt , lead joey and topthorn toward a makeshift corral . brandt heiglemann - this be yours . friedrich yes , sir . brandt they look strong - should last a month or two . friedrich be a unprepossessing , chubby man . he marvel at topthorn . friedrich you be beautiful . but then he look to the other horse pen nearby , haggard and weak . he turn to joey . friedrich ( cont 'd ) it 's a pity they find you . he take the lead of the pair of they . he sigh ... friedrich ( cont 'd ) such a pity ... in a strange way , there be many human joey meet , but also just one , the spirit of goodness and consideration for animal , join by little echoe throughout the film . and then they go over a ridge - and we suddenly see the explanation of friedrich 's comment . the road they can see below they be the main through road of the area - and it be a scene of horse horror - huge , massive gun and cannon and artillery be drag by team of horse that be in a terrible condition . for joey and topthorn , this be a moment like when soldier arrive to liberate the prisoner who have be keep in changi prison by the japanese during World War 2 . they have never see horse in this condition . you can see in they eye the confusion . this be a whole different world , where horse can turn into creature that look like this . 73. and it be also a vision of they future . this may be the moment the mighty topthorn begin to lose hope . for joey it be another level of knowledge - another mighty thing he will fight through - because he always fight through . ext . steep incline . day . friedrich lead joey and topthorn in the wake of the huge morser - a elaborate 15 ton monstrosity with a six inch bore . it take a team of six horse to haul it with a dozen man push from behind . artillery officer pull together ! a soldier call from the front of the heavy cannon - pull by a particularly wretch group of horse . artillery soldier halt ! halt ! stop ! lower down the hill , friedrich wave down the rest of the column . friedrich stop ! stop ! at the front of the morser , one of the lead horse collapse - he will never get up again . brandt step up , pull a revolver out of he pocket and shoot the horse dead . it have come to this . joey , topthorn , and all the other horse be spook by the pistol shot . brandt shout to friedrich from the road . brandt heiglemann , bring up another one ! artillery officer heiglemann , bring up another horse ! brandt that one ! friedrich begin lead joey up the hill , but -- brandt ( cont 'd ) no , no . the big black one ! friedrich haul topthorn , hesitantly , while joey watch . 74 . as he reach brandt : friedrich he 's a good horse , sir . but if you move he up to the heavy gun , he will be no use at all . Prince be already lose condition . his leg , sir . brandt you have give they name ? friedrich yes , sir . brandt you should never give a name to anything you be certain to lose . friedrich his leg be not good enough , sir . brandt private , you will do as you be tell . ( calling off ) hook he up . friedrich have no choice but as he start to lead topthorn , joey rear up and escape he groom . he gallop up the hill to the gun - offer himself up to save topthorn . it be he " Tale of two city " moment - give up he life to save he friend . he buck and rear . friedrich turn to brandt . friedrich as you see , sir , this one be stronger . brandt take up friedrich , and joey 's , offer - brandt hook he up . as joey be hook to the gun , he look back to friedrich who lead topthorn back down the hill . ext . steep incline . later . the convoy struggle up the hill . joey feel the dead weight of the gun . this be several ton of cast iron - almost dwarf the horse . friedrich notice . together , this grim circus struggle along the pot-hol country road in the rain . 75 . joey lead the team up the incline . each step be a immense effort . the go , over rough scree , be very tough indeed . it be very difficult for joey to get a foothold on the loose ground , but he experience in dartmoor come into play and although he almost lose he balance several time he stay upright and haul the cannon - fitzcarraldo - like - over the hill . we follow he progress step by step . friedrich watch anxiously . Soldiers strain at the side of the gun . one throw board under the wheel to aid in traction . as they reach the top of the hill it almost seem the effort be too much , the cannon always in danger of roll back . joey finally stagger over the top - it feel as though the tether be go to snap with the strain - but at last the cannon reach the peak , the crest of the hill . ext . the battlefield . day . Soldiers scurry around the giant gun , prepare it . officer halt ! halt ! take the horse away ! artillery officer Shell ! friedrich observe with topthorn as a giant shell be carry to the gun 's breech . artillery officer ( cont 'd ) and load ! the man wrestle it into place - artillery officer ( cont 'd ) back ! case ! - and secure it . artillery officer ( cont 'd ) position ! the barrel of the giant gun ratchet upward . artillery officer ( cont 'd ) and ...fire ! the shell explode from the barrel . and then from another . and another . for the first time we see the big picture - the line of assemble cannon of which they be just one tiny part . 76 . each gun recoil violently as they shoot they shell into oblivion - as soon as one shell be fire another be load - the noise be deafen - the line seemingly endless - a obscene production line of death . this be what the horse have be feed - this massive merciless thing . smoke waft from the gun as we see the explosion in the distance . the sound of the explosion take we to - ext . british trench . night . explosion light the dirty face of british boy in uniform , one after the next . each light fade out before the next great blast illuminate another anonymous face - then another - and then another - and then albert . hold on he for extra moment before he fade completely . ext . british trench . early dawn . title : FRANCE - 1918 , the somme with the barrage lift , the british soldier that be huddle in a low sub-trench , be order back on the line . Andrew easton be with Albert and he 's shake and terrify . a far cry from the happy young boy we know . a gruff sergeant ( sergeant martin ) walk the trench with a bucket and each soldier put in they valuable and personal belonging . one a lighter , some money , etc . sergeant martin valuable in the bucket , lad . if you live , you will get they back . if you live , you will get they back . good lad . Albert and Andrew move down the trench in a line of soldier who be give ammo belt and grenade . Albert get he grenade and walk further along the trenches . we follow he in real time as he pass a bunch of soldier who be kneel in the ankle deep water , a padre be give they communion . the deafen noise of shelling all around . andrew maybe it 's a drill , albie . maybe it 's a drill like last time . we keep follow Albert 's progress in real time - further on there be a post box where they all put they final letter home in identical green envelope . we see Albert 's letter address to " Ted and Rose narracott " in Devon . he post it in a batter metal post box . 77 . a officer approach : david Love letter ? albert that 's my business . it be David - lyon 's son - now in charge of this small group of man . still arrogant - look older than Albert in he uniform - and clearly enjoy he superior rank . david I hear you and you mate be do bird imitation again . you gonna write a letter to you horse ? Albert ignore he . Andrew can not help but giggle . david ( cont 'd ) after you find you horse , I have lose my needle in a haystack , and I could use some help . David take up a bucket and walk down the line of soldier . david ( cont 'd ) anything valuable . anyone who come back get to share it out . albert ( to andrew ) stay here . Albert follow David down the trench . albert ( cont 'd ) remember that day I and joey race you in you car ? david I remember you somersault through the air . albert who be that girl you be with ? david there be a girl ? Albert nod . albert there be . do not you remember ? 78 . david it be just some girl , I suppose . I do not recall which one . I do remember you fall on you bum in a ditch . Andrew laugh amiably . David point to he , smirk . david ( cont 'd ) you see ? always entertaining , narracott , I will give you that . as David walk on , Andrew smile at Albert . andrew you do that ? you fall on you bum ? Albert leave without answer . Andrew keep smile until a large shell explode nearby . troops surge towards they ladder as officer scream indistinct order . now David lead he troop through the trenches to the front line where they stop , lean against the enemy - side wall nervously and wait - each man in private contemplation . sergeant Martin move along the line , push man forward . sergeant martin be ready ! be ready ! let 's go , man , get ready to go ! get ready to move out ! stay in position ! David call out from atop a trench ladder . david hold you nerve , boy . remember , it 's not far to go . there 's a way through . ( he move down the line ) run fast , keep you wit about you , keep you eye open and God and the King will keep a eye on you . company will fix bayonet ! fix bayonet ! the echo of `fix bayonet ' go down the line - and every man fix the brutal shine bayonet to the end of he gun . then Albert turn to Andrew . albert you know what it remind I of out there ? 79 . andrew what ? albert that bloody impossible lower field the day I and joey plow it . best day of my life that be and you be there . andrew and this here be the worst day of my life , about to begin , and you be here cheer I on . we two , always . and he . he nod at David Lyons , who give instruction to another soldier . david once you be in no man 's land , go to the flank . stay on the flank . soldier yes , sir . David turn to Albert and Andrew . david come on , boy , come on . to the ladder ! albert ( to andrew ) stick close to the gentry , that 's we ticket , yeah ? we have the pluck but they have the luck . they both smile . and then the fear take over again . Andrew particularly feel as though he be on the very edge now . David urge they forward . david you , too , narracott . ( to andrew ) and you , too . Andrew and Albert pass by the bucket . they throw some valuable in . but a moment later , Albert go back to the bucket and pull something out - a wear piece of paper - he unfold it - it be the little sketch that Captain nicholl draw of joey the night before they leave for France . he slip it inside he shirt , next to he heart . 80 . david ( cont 'd ) come on , on you ladder , boy . on you ladder . in you go , in you go . that 's it . Andrew turn towards a ladder . as fate and placement would have it - he be first in line . he put he foot on the ladder , when suddenly the sergeant stop he . sergeant martin listen to you sergeant ! he pull Andrew aside , speak so that everyone can hear . sergeant martin ( cont 'd ) if anybody turn back , if any one of we boy come run towards you - you take this rifle and you shoot they dead . do you understand ? soldier yes , sir ! the sergeant push in on Andrew , private and intense . sergeant do you understand I ? do you understand what I be tell you , son ? you take this rifle and you shoot they dead . understand ? Andrew look ready to cry , but manage to nod . Albert turn to he , only to be push back by the sergeant . sergeant ( cont 'd ) up there , son . up you ladder . up you ladder to you work ! Albert look nervously back at Albert , comforting . albert it 's good . Andrew , it 's good . Andrew ! nobody 's retreate today . Andrew ! Andrew ! nobody . be retreate . today . the commander arrive , check the time on he aide 's watch , mount he ladder and blow a whistle to signal the charge . a bagpiper play as the man go over the top . David now head up the ladder first . gun fire overhead , Albert steel himself , then haul himself over the top , follow by the next man and the next . 81 . immediately machine gun fire whistle past , we hear the scream of the first man who be shot . we follow Albert . we be he . his vision . his experience . the ground be blast , there be body all around he . he try to run but he foot sink into the mud . bullet fly past he . fell man be scream at he foot in fear and agony . Albert stagger forward . David be now right by he . they run together . Albert look round and suddenly , David be hit . he fall to the ground , scream . david I be shot ! no ! Albert instinctively go to help . bullet shower all around he . david ( cont 'd ) just leave I . leave I ! Albert grab he and drag he onwards with he - David scream at the pain - Albert grimly determine . shell explode around they as they stumble on . other man be run and fall . Albert see cover in a huge shell - hole so dive into it for a moment 's reprieve from the gun fire . he sit in still terror for a moment . albert you will be all right here . you will be safe . someone will come for ya . david Albert . Albert , listen ... albert it 's all right . it 's all right . we be Devon boy , yeah ? David look at Albert as though see he for the first time . david yeah ... Albert race onward . back at the trench , Andrew wait - terrify - and then , back out of the mist step two man - head back towards he . then a third . they suddenly catch sight of Andrew wait there with he gun point towards they . they slow down - in the terror of the assault , they have forget that death be wait for they if they turn back . 82. time seem to slow down - Andrew shift he gun from point at one - to the other - we see they individual face . they be all just boy really . and suddenly , instinct hit Andrew - he charge up the ladder , and forward , fire - past the three man , towards the enemy . he choose he death instead of theirs . a sudden barrage of machine gun fire all around he . cut back to Albert , who make he way to the edge of the shell hole . bullet whizz inch from he head . he look over to see a german machine gun position to he right . bullet whizz past force he to duck . Andrew charge past other soldier , ignore they warning . random soldier get down ! Albert continue forward to dive into another shell hole , nearer to the german line . he scramble from shell hole to shell hole . now he 's very close to the machine gun position . Albert take a grenade , fumble with the pin as he hand tremble . he finally get the pin out and he hurl the grenade at the machine gunner . we see the explosion and the machine gun stop . Albert sprint over the top again and make it all the way into the german trench . Albert run through the trench , which seem curiously empty . Albert swing round as he see the startling face of a gas - mask german hold a rifle on he . Albert ready he bayonet but the man be dead , slump backwards against the side of the trench still upright . Albert spin round , he bayonett rifle in front of he , ready for action , but there be only the ghostly sight of dead german soldier . Albert be alone , everyone else be dead . all the dead wear gas mask . more british soldier drop into the trench , among they Andrew . he stumble in the mud , drop he rifle , recover it , and race through the trench . he glimpsis Albert ahead of he , stalking through the mist . Andrew break into a smile and rush forward , prompt Albert to whirl with he rifle raise . andrew no ! 83. Albert pause just in time . then he collapse against the side of the trench , overwhelm . andrew ( cont 'd ) albie . Andrew grab Albert and hold he up , embrace he . Albert can barely whisper : albert we make it . we make it . a moment later , the pair of they hurry through the trenches . Albert spot more comrade around a corner and call ahead to Andrew . albert ( cont 'd ) Andrew , this way out ! suddenly another soldier leap from a trench branch between they , shouting in panic . soldier Gas ! gas! Gas ! a instant later , a gas cloud blast through the trench . Andrew and Albert look in horror . it spread towards they , too powerful to avoid . Andrew be close , turn to Albert with a helpless - andrew albie ... - before he take the full power of it . a instant later , the white , deadly cloud encompass Albert , too ... ext . edge of the battlefield . dusk . Close on hoof and boot , slogging through muddy water , several inch deep . friedrich be walk along , lead topthorn and joey . topthorn be limping . something be wrong - topthorn seem to be fail - he cough badly , breathes strangely . friedrich stop to check on he . a officer notice . german officer hey , there 's no stop here . keep they move . 84 . friedrich Sir , there 's something wrong . this one need to rest . german officer there 's no rest for they . move they along . move they along ! instead , friedrich lead the horse under the cover of a low bridge for a brief respite . a moment later , topthorn collapse . friedrich please , please , please . stay on you foot . no , please . no no no ... friedrich try to help topthorn valiantly struggle to get up but finally sink to the ground again . this time he lie semi-conscious . he be die . friedrich ( cont 'd ) please please ... stay on you foot . joey deeply upset nuzzle he nose into topthorn but the life drain out he . friedrich be in panic at topthorn 's quick decline : friedrich ( cont 'd ) come on . please please ... friedrich continue to stroke topthorn 's head . joey push topthorn as if to stop he fall into unconsciousness . for a moment we think topthorn will come round but he slip away and all life leave he body . friedrich solemnly stroke the horse , know all be lose . joey do not understand . he pull at topthorn 's rein , as if try to pull he upright . topthorn 's body be inert , he head fall to the earth . joey will not give up , he pull at he desperately not understanding that topthorn have die . suddenly , friedrich look around . Chaos - all the german soldier stream back past they position , scramble to get they gun and helmet . a officer charge down the bank next to the bridge , scream order at friedrich . german officer they be come ! leave it , private ! friedrich try to pull joey away to safety but joey will not leave topthorn 's body . friedrich pull at joey , but joey be too lose in he grief to care about or even notice the danger . 85 . german officer ( cont 'd ) leave it ! come with I ! friedrich go to hell ! the officer nod to two other soldier who pull friedrich to safety . as he 's drag away , he scream at joey : friedrich ( cont 'd ) run. run! run! run! but this be all background noise to joey 's profound refusal to accept topthorn be dead . he paw at the ground next to topthorn , a horse stand over he best friend in a field , and he will never leave he . and then suddenly - from around a blind turn in the streambed , a huge , remorseless tank turn , head right for joey . he bolt , gallop down the streambed , until he reach a barb wire barrier - a dead end . he attempt to run up the bank , but they be block , as well . he rear up , but the tank keep advance . the tank be about to crush joey . he have leave it too late . he be about to die . but then , counter - intuitively , he run straight towards the tank and ... leap over it - a leap he learn from emilie . then scramble up and over it and leap down behind . joey keep on run . he be wild , frighten . ext . countryside / village / trench . the same . joey be free - in countryside - but there be blood pour from he leg , clearly tear by he encounter with the tank . he run on - it be become night - suddenly there be explosion to the leave of he - this fast , elegant creature simply run through the gap between explosion . but as he charge on - the sky light up in the direction he be head . he be suddenly in the thick of battle . a shell explode next to he , and he leap entirely over a trench . another explosion send he leaping , but not far enough - he find himself crash downward , and into a trench - and he race through it - and find himself charge towards a german company . both side be equally startle - joey charge through a thin trench line with german soldier - the soldier , find a live horse career through they . in desperation , joey scramble out of the trench - and once again , rush away from the fight ... 86 . but now it be very dark indeed - he be stumbling as he run - there be blood mix with the mud on he leg . now it be total night - fog - confusion - he jump again . and now everywhere there be pothole - the land be massively uneven - shell be explode all around . and suddenly see in front of he barb wire . he crash through it - more - he burst through again - now drag barrier behind he - the barrier tangle , pull he up short - he flip and land amongst even more barb wire . he pull and turn to release himself but it be impossible . the more he pull , the more firmly he be trap . he rise up , wild , magnificent , a beast fight for he life . he be completely trap . he can not move . he can not see . he be in pain . he fall . it feel like a end . ext . british trench . the same . geordie soldier ( o.s. ) stand to , stand to - a young soldier , a geordie , be on look - out duty . he look through a periscope . he alert he colleague in he thick , northern , newcastle accent . geordie soldier ( cont 'd ) there 's something move . soldier what the hell be it ? geordie soldier it look like a cow . he pass the periscope to the second soldier . soldier what the hell would a cow be do out there ? we see what he see - nothing but morning mist on the surreal landscape - and something strange . it be joey in the distance soldier 2 that definitely be not a cow . soldier ( hand over periscope ) well , what be it ? 87 . ext . german trench . the same . we see a almost identical scene of several german soldier look out at joey just as the british soldier have do . second german it can not be a horse . nothing alive could be out there . third german it be not a horse . it be not a horse . the first german look through he periscope . we see what he see - joey in the mist : second german yes - it 's a horse . the second german look through the periscope , stunne . third german it 's a horse . a third german ( peter ) lower he binocular . peter yeah , it 's a horse . ext . british trench . the same . now all the soldier be gather to look out at joey . a captain now have the periscope . british captain well , bugger I . it 's a horse . geordie soldier lad , we should call he . british soldier how do you call a horse ? the geordie start click he tongue , follow by all of he comrade . they all try to attract joey 's attention with tongue click . ext . german trench . the same . the Germans hear the click and respond with a chorus of whistle . ext . british trench . the same . now both side be whistling . even the captain join in . 88. ext . no man' land . the same . joey try to rise , but remain entangle . he whinny in pain . ext . german trench . the same . Peter lower he binocular . peter he 's catch on the wire . ext . british trench , the same . geordie soldier oh sod it ... geordie climb up the side of the trench , and wave a white handkerchief tie to the end of he bayonet . british captain what do you think you be do ? get back , do you hear I ? corporal , that 's a order ! get back ! geordie , not receive fire , be emboldene to stand up . british soldier listen to he , sir . we can not leave he . he wave the handkerchief to clearly signal he be no threat . ext . german trench . the same . the Germans look at the young soldier make he way over no man 's land . peter what 's he do ? second german it 's a trap . peter no , I do not think so . I think he 's try to help . the second german cock he rifle and start to take aim . third german scare he back into he hole . the second german take a shot aim over the geordie 's shoulder . 89 . ext . no man' land . the same . the geordie crouch for cover , wave he handkerchief more frantically . geordie it 's a white flag , ent it ? you see the white flag !? I be just after tend to this here horse , be all ! the georgie marshal he courage and stand again , wave the handkerchief . british captain get back , you stupid git ! there 's no fire from the german trenches . muttering to himself , the geordie march forward towards joey : geordie the Lord be my shepherd , I shall not want , he leadeth I into green pasture , he lay I down beside the still water ... the geordie walk very slowly across the mud - there be body - the ground squelch beneath he foot . he wave he handkerchief as he walk . he cross a narrow bridge that span a flood bomb crater . joey , lie on he side , wrap head to toe in barb wire , cover in mud , watch geordie approach . when geordie get too close , joey freak out and begin thrashing about . joey whinny a high scream of pain , because wire be cut into he hide in several place , and as he thrashes it cut he deeper . particularly worrisome be a strand that 's wrap around he head , crossing right over he eye , threaten to slash it . the geordie call out in a soothing voice : geordie ( cont 'd ) poor beastie . poor babbie . it 's alright . it 's alright . do not buck and wriggle so , you be only shredd yourself . joey calm a little , still move he head up and down . geordie ( cont 'd ) you will blind yourself . he reach joey and survey the formidable tangle of wire in which joey 's bundle . the geordie soothes and at the same time gingerly test other strand , try to figure out where to begin . 90 . geordie ( cont 'd ) bugger I worthless - I do not think to bring glove or something to cut the - he stab he hand on one of the barb . geordie ( cont 'd ) ow ! damn ! ow !! there 's a noise behind he , and the geordie turn around to see the Peter ( the german from the trench ) stand several foot away , hold some wire cutter . peter I think perhaps you might need this . he hold out the wire cutter . the geordie , still frighten , stare stupidly at they . peter ( cont 'd ) for the barb wire ? geordie yeah , yeah I ... ummm , thanks . cheer . cheer ... he reach out and take the proffer cutter . geordie ( cont 'd ) thanks . he return to joey , nervous about turn he back . he try to figure out where to begin cut . he lift a long strand of wire that wrap around joey 's neck , stretch across he shoulder and torso and around one of he front leg . he put the wire in the crux of the cutter and be prepare to snip when Peter step closer to he . peter that ... that 's a very long strand . when you cut it , it 's go to release this - he point to a wire wrap around the wire the geordie 's lift . then he point to two other wire , similarly entangled : peter ( cont 'd ) - and this , and this , and they ' will coil back rather violently , which I be afraid will only wound the poor fellow further . 91 . the geordie nod . geordie you speak good English . peter I speak English well . ( be : the cutter ) May I ? the geordie hand they over and Peter survey the wire . peter ( cont 'd ) what if we cut he head free first ? so he will not try to stand up and blind himself ? and then - geordie pity you do not bring a second pair . then I could cut the wire here - he point to one of the wire entangle with the strand he would be prepare to cut . Peter stand and shout in the direction of he trench . peter we need more wire cutter ! all at once one , two , three , six pair of cutter come soar through the air and splash into the watery crater . moment later - Peter and the geordie kneel beside joey , each with a pair of cutter . joey be calming down again . the geordie position himself across joey 's body so that when he 's cut the wire , it will not coil back and cut joey . Peter position himself to be able to cut the two wire in quick succession , hold the first wire to stop it from spring back . joey 's completely still now . Peter point between joey 's eye . peter ( cont 'd ) his blind spot . the cutter will not frighten he . if you could cut here , hold this wire - he point to wire that intersect the wire that cross joey 's eye . then he point to the wire across joey 's eye . 92 . peter ( cont 'd ) I could - geordie say no more , I be right behind you . as they reposition themselves , the geordie say to joey : geordie ( cont 'd ) and you understand what 's happen , do you not , o best belove ? that you must lay so very nice and still . there 's a lad , you be a remarkable horse , you be , help we help you . there 's a lad . there 's a remarkable lad . the geordie look into joey 's huge eye as he and Peter get to work on they cut . joey return he gaze . geordie ( cont 'd ) so how 's thing in yonder trench ? peter delightful . we read , we knit sweater , and we train we rat to perform circus trick . geordie well , if ever you need any more rat , we can always send ours over . ` Cause we have more than we need , strictly speak . besides , they scare off all the pretty girl . peter we girl be not afraid of rat . geordie Big strapping german girl , eh? kind what give robust massage ? they laugh . peter every Thursday ! and they bring rum cake on you birthday . both man smile at this while joey be completely still ; they work quickly , in concert , cut the horse 's head free of the wire . 93. joey raise he head , give it a shake , neigh and then stir a little . the two soldier smile at one another . then they set about cut the rest of the wire ; it 's much easier now . the geordie cut through the last wire bind joey 's leg . the two soldier help as the horse stagger upright . geordie look at that horse ! look at the muscle he 's get , they long leg . they be make for run , horse . runnin ' away from danger . peter running away be all they have . geordie yet we teach `em opposite . running into the fray . peter War horse . geordie yeah . War horse . and there he be . what a strange beast you have become . the geordie grab hold of joey 's halter , though joey show no sign of run . joey be finally free . the two man look at each other . peter and now ? geordie I take he back with I , yeah ? peter since I supply the cutter , the horse be mine . this be fair , no ? geordie in a pig 's eye . he 's English , plain to see . peter oh , you mean because he 's so filthy ? geordie because he 's so smart . and you be none too clean yourself . 94 . peter we could box . and the winner get the horse . the geordie smile . geordie no , thanks , pet . must be careful not to start a war . ( patting he pocket : ) do you have a coin of any sort ? peter coin toss ? geordie yeah . he take a coin from he pocket , hand it to the geordie , who look at it . geordie ( cont 'd ) all right , fritz - you be on . he flip the coin back to Peter . peter my name be not fritz - it be Peter . geordie Peter - I be Colin . peter you call it , Colin . geordie head . Peter spin it in the air and let it fall into the mud . they look down . Peter shake he head , resign . peter that 's the face of my kaiser and he do not look pleased with I . the horse be yours . they collect they helmet as snow begin to blow around they . geordie go quiet , have not it ? peter yes . ( pause ) ( more ) 95 . peter ( cont 'd ) but wait half a hour and we will be shoot again . geordie I be a terrible shot , Pete , do not believe I will ever hit the target . he hand back the cutter . peter thanks . he notice the geordie have offer he hand , as well . a beat , then Peter shake with he . peter ( cont 'd ) cheerio , mate . ( re joey : ) you will take good care of he , yes ? geordie I will . peter we strange beast . geordie and you take care of you own strange self . Peter toss geordie he cutter . peter Colin ! a pair of german cutter - in memory of you handsome friend from dusseldorf . geordie thanks . Peter nod , and walk back to he trench . as he go , the geordie call after he : geordie ( cont 'd ) I will use `em back in the garden in South shield . you keep you head down , now , Pete I lad ! as he walk away , Peter turn back briefly , call : peter remarkable ! a remarkable horse ! the geordie lead joey towards the british trenches . 96 . ext . trench . the same . joey be now in the trenches , splash about in the ankle deep water . he seem enormous in this cramped labyrinth . he be lead past the break and wounded soldier who look at he with amazement , dumbfounded . it be a surreal image . the horse where horse should not be . as joey make he journey through the trenches soldier excitedly gather to watch he come by , take pleasure in the save of this single life . ext . trench . the same . we arrive at a section we recognise as the place from where Albert set off only the night before . sergeant Martin be there - as one man help a wounded soldier into a medical area . it be David , hobbling and look shell - shocked . another wounded soldier approach , but Martin wave he on . sergeant martin we be full up . move on . David be seat next to Albert , who now seem in worse condition . his eye be bandage and he 's wheeze . Andrew be nowhere to be see . as a medical officer check Albert :. david the gas get he - we have to wait till morning . the medic move to sergeant Martin , look stricken . medical officer this can not be all of we . sergeant martin this be all . ( bellow to the man ) all walk wounded , away to the dress station ! away to the dress station ! ext . hospital area . later . joey be lead into the hospital area beyond the trenches . the geordie lead he through the snowy street . bandage man strewn around , wounded soldier wait for attention . the wait soldier gather to view the strange spectacle of the horse . 97 . at one of the dress area , a nurse tend to Albert 's damage eye . behind he , we see joey pass in the street , but Albert do not know it . joey limp , he foreleg clearly injure . the geordie soldier stop outside a makeshift hospital . joey look frail and exhaust . a doctor storm over from he patient . doctor what 's this do here ? geordie we need a vet , sir . doctor there be no vet . we have scarcely any horse leave . geordie he 's cut all over , but this leg here 's get the worst of it . geordie stroke joey as the Doctor examine he . doctor it 's probably tetanus . it 's no good . geordie please , sir - the Doctor head back into the hospital , dismissive . doctor I have all this man to take care of , corporal , you can see that , can not you ? geordie please , sir , this horse can pull through anything . the doctor absorb he earnest appeal . ext . intensive care tent . same . elsewhere , a line of soldier wait for medical assistance be curious about what be go on . blind by gas , eye bandage , one of they turn toward the commotion . it be Albert . albert what be it ? 98 . a orderly it 's a horse they find , wander about in no man 's land . ( ease he back onto a cot ) down you go . albert what kind of a horse ? a orderly bloody miraculous kind of a horse , be my guess . nothing make it out of no man 's land . Albert lie there , but can not let go of the think : albert miraculous horse ... ext . hospital area . same . joey stand - breathe very deeply . the Doctor touch he wounded leg . the man from all over the medical area gather around joey concerned about they new hero 's pain . the doctor look at the geordie and frown shaking he head " no . " geordie ( to the doctor : ) he be alive , y'see , sir , where nothing survive , so to I and I mate , to the man , sir , he 's - well , we have high hope for he - doctor you should shoot he now . the geordie be break heart . geordie oh , but I can not . doctor it would be a mercy , lad , that leg 's not go to mend . the Doctor sadly address a nearby sergeant . doctor ( cont 'd ) sergeant . put he out of he misery . 99 . the doctor nod he head towards joey . the sergeant , sergeant fry , take he gun from he holster , check that it 's load . he turn to some nearby nurse , urging they away . sergeant fry lady , if you please . total silence from the crowd who have gather . they think they be there to see something wonderful . and now they find that they have gather for a execution - but can not take they eye off it . the sergeant wave they back . sergeant fry ( cont 'd ) all right , back off . back off . the geordie be the last to step away from joey . the sergeant draw breath - before he step forward to take aim . joey be totally still , sense the atmosphere . the sergeant cock he pistol . suddenly there be a strange owl like whistle from fifty yard away . joey look around startle . the sergeant turn joey 's head back around , raise he pistol once more . then , the whistle again . even the doctor notice this time . joey turn . slowly , the crowd part - another owl whistle - and we see Albert , he eye bandage - walk forward blindly - guide by the hand of the crowd . one soldier urge Albert gently . soldier go on . do it again . one more whistle . albert joey ? and this time , joey trot over to Albert . the horse nuzzle into he . Albert can not see joey but he touch he . albert ( cont 'd ) ( softly : ) hello , joey . hello boy . where you be then , hey ? where in the world you be ? he stroke joey 's mane . joey respond , become very still . the Doctor approach with the geordie . 100 . doctor ( to the geordie : ) do you know this man ? the geordie shake he head , no . the Doctor speak to Albert , gently ; clearly he think he 's deal with a traumatize , possibly crazy soldier . doctor ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? Albert , realize he 's be address , turn to the doctor . albert narracott , private Albert narracott , sir . doctor this be a random horse , narracott , and too badly injure . ( to the orderly ) be this man in you care ? a orderly yes , sir . albert he 's not random at all , sir ! he 's my horse , I raise he , in Devon . Sir , look at he leg ! he 's get four white sock , he 's brown all over - ( point to he own forehead ) - and he have a white mark here - like so ... he make the shape of a diamond with he hand . the doctor turn to the orderly . doctor take he back . a orderly come on , son . geordie wait ! you can not see `cause of the mud . the geordie look around , spot a bucket of water , grab it and use a rag to clean joey 's leg , revealing the sock . the geordie look at the doctor . 101 . geordie ( cont 'd ) four white sock ! the doctor take a rag himself and wipe joey 's snout , revealing the white diamond mark . the sergeant take this in ... and holster he pistol . sergeant fry all right , break it up . clear off , the lot of ya . albert you see , sir ? he 's not random at all . the doctor step up to he . doctor we will attend to you horse . patch he up best we can . treat he like the soldier he be . albert thank you , sir . with one last amaze look at Albert and joey , the doctor return to the hospital area . moment later - Albert , the geordie , and sergeant fry all lead joey through the snowy street together . ext . mess hall . early morning . sergeant fry stride into the middle of the throng of soldier . sergeant fry gentlemen ! gentlemen ! it fall on I to give you some important news . at eleven o'clock today , in two minute time - the War will come to a end . shock from the troops . strangely mute . not the explosion of emotion you might have expect . Albert enter , he eye still red , but no longer bandage . sergeant fry ( cont 'd ) the King and Queen thank you for you service . we have be victorious - even if at a higher price than many of we might have imagine . ( more ) 102 . sergeant fry ( cont 'd ) when the bell ring out - and they will in a moment , for the first time for four year - let we remember we brother fall in the field . and thank God for the end of this struggle and victory . and , in the distance , the church bell ring . int . stable . the same . joey stand tall , eat some hay , now heal . int . field office . day . complete change of atmosphere . silence . tension . Albert stand at attention with sergeant fry . a severe Major be behind he desk . albert I do not understand , sir . major tompkin officer ' horse only . all other horse be to be auction immediately . sergeant fry that be a complete and bloody outrage . it 's the lad 's horse , sir , from Devon . he raise he up from a pup , he do . train he right up to the day when the army come to town . major tompkin this be not my order , sergeant . ( to albert ) you will have to take he to market . that 's all . int . stable , day . Albert put on a brave face as he collect joey and lead he out of the stable in silence . ext . the stable , the same . as Albert come out the man have gather . there 's a strange sense of optimism , for such a gloomy moment . the geordie come up to Albert and hand he a sheaf of pound note . geordie we have all clubbed together . it 's everything we have . there 's twenty - nine pound there . buy he back . 103 . albert do the Major know ? geordie the Major put in ten . the geordie flash a sly wink . geordie ( cont 'd ) mum 's the word where the Major 's concerned . you friend on the crutch over there - he turn to indicate David Lyons , who nod at Albert solemnly . geordie ( cont 'd ) - even ask the Major to say that joey be he , a officer 's horse , so that he could go back with the other . Albert be amaze . he be about to show he gratitude when the sergeant major shout : sergeant fry come on , narracott ! get a move on . we do not want to miss the show . Albert snap to attention and begin to lead joey out of the parade ground with the other horse . as they walk off , the sergeant silently add some of he own money to the note in Albert 's hand . ext . market place . day . the intense bustle of the market . farmer be gather , bid for horse . auctioneer Seven pound ! Seven pound there ! Seven pound ! eight pound here ! a groom lead joey to the auction pen with other horse . auctioneer ( cont 'd ) eight pound ! ten pound here ! any advance ? sold ! int . auction pen . the same . Albert wait anxiously , the geordie lad by he side , as joey be lead into the pen . 104 . geordie you be alright . nobody 's gonna bid more than fifteen for a thoroughbre . they want work horse . the auctioneer start the bid on joey . auctioneer next one . we start at four pound . four pound . the farmer seem disinterested , shaking of head . the bid start . five pound , six , seven , now it go slowly , eight , nine , ten . Albert look pleased at how it 's go . he feel the cash in he hand . it seem to stick on ten , then a new hand come up at the back of the auction - it be a nasty look moustach man . the butcher eleven . sergeant fry scowl . sergeant fry it 's the butcher from cambrai . he 's be bid for the best all morning . auctioneer eleven . eleven pound . eleven pound . sergeant fry let I handle this , private . ( he call out ) ) Fifteen , and let that be a end to it . he look dagger at the Butcher . auctioneer Fifteen pound . butcher sixteen . auctioneer sixteen pound . sergeant fry seventeen . butcher twenty of you English pound . and let that be the end of it , my friend . 105 . auctioneer twenty pound . sergeant fry twenty five . auctioneer twenty five pound . butcher twenty six . auctioneer twenty six pound . the man be all look very worried ... there 's not much leave . sergeant fry twenty seven . butcher twenty eight . auctioneer twenty eight pound . sergeant fry twenty nine . butcher and thirty . auctioneer any advance at thirty pound ? then , from the back , another , new french voice ... final bidder one hundred pound . he step to the front of the crowd , and suddenly we see who it be . it be emilie 's grandfather . grandfather and sir , if you bid against I , I will sell the coat on my back and bid to one hundred and ten . and if you bid against I again , I will sell my farm and bid to a thousand . everyone look at Albert who be devastate . Albert be reeling . he hear the auctioneer repeat the final amount and bring down he gavel . 106 . auctioneer one hundred pound . go , go , go . the soldier slowly disperse , leave Albert to stare at joey . it really be all over . ext . the auction . the same . the grandfather finish pay for joey . Albert and the geordie stand in front of the grandfather . albert Sir , I will give you all you money . everything you pay when we get back to England . I will give you twice - grandfather you do not know anything about he . albert oh , but you be wrong , sir , I know everything ! grandfather yes , you find he ! I hear you find a horse in the wire between the army - geordie no , I find he , he raise he - the grandfather go to joey and take he rein . grandfather when I hear about the miracle horse , I travel three day because I know whose horse it be . my granddaughter 's . she save he life ! he be everything to she . he pause , briefly , to collect himself . geordie where be you granddaughter ? grandfather the war have take everything from everyone . he be all that I have leave of she . the grandfather lead joey away . joey pull , firmly but not wildly , on the rein the grandfather 's hold . the grandfather let go . 107 . he watch as joey walk to Albert and nuzzle he . they have a moment together . the grandfather watch carefully . Albert put he face right near joey - speak gently . albert do not be worried , boy , when I go . I will not worry over you none . hey , I find you , do not I , and you find I . grandfather soften and begin to wonder about this soldier . albert ( cont 'd ) and we will both ... we will both know that we make it through . now go on . he lead joey back to the grandfather . albert ( cont 'd ) we be the lucky one . always have be . lucky since the day I meet you . he quietly hand over the rein . albert ( cont 'd ) God be with you , sir . the grandfather look at Albert , then take the regimental pennant from he pocket : grandfather do you know what this be ? Albert 's amaze . albert it 's my father 's . it 's he regimental pennant . how do you come by this , sir ? grandfather hand Albert the pennant . grandfather you may have this . Albert take the pennant and look at it , he eye fill with tear . albert thank you ever so much for this , sir ... 108 . grandfather ( with a sigh ) ... and this . he hand Albert joey 's rein . Albert turn to face he , almost mute with disbelief . he reach for he money . grandfather ( cont 'd ) no no , not necessary . he belong to you . that be , of course , what my little girl would have want . and she be the boss . grandfather laugh , then turn and slowly walk away . albert what be she name ? grandfather emilie . ( turn back with a smile ) her name be emilie . Albert gently embrace joey . ext . field . devon . dusk . suddenly , we be back in the village in Devon , in the fold of the valley . dusk light . a figure approach , silhouett against the set sun . Mrs. naracott gather the harvest , then notice as the figure make its way up the road to the farm . a man in uniform . on a magnificent horse . Mrs. narracott meet they at the gate and we can finally see they clearly - Albert and joey . Albert dismount and remove he cap . a instant later , Mrs. narracott be hugging he for all that she life be worth . ext . another part of the field . devon . the same . Ted see they and make he way to the field gate ... shaky . Albert approach , and stop a slight distance away . Ted open the gate to stand before he son . Albert slip something from he pocket and let it unfurl in he hand - Ted 's campaign pennant . Ted accept it quietly , then offer he hand to Albert . they shake , as man . and then slowly embrace , as father and son . 109 . Mrs. narracott join they as joey look on - a small family and a beautiful horse , finally home . the end