prod. # 5381 executive producer : leonard goldberg producer : harold schneider director : JOHN badham war game write . by lawrence lasker walter f. parke walon GREEN JOHN badham revised final draft September 7 , 1982 #5381 : 1.2 war game fade in : red river valley , NORTH dakota ~ dusk a blizzard fill the screen . headlights gradually emerge and a van with military plate come to a stop next to a guard gate . two : hood figure climb out and struggle against the freezing wind towards what look like a farmer 's house . int . farmer' house the two man remove snow - clogge boot and soppin parkas , revealing bright blue jumpsuit with " 32lsc missile wing " emblazon on the back , and offset orange ascot . we be inside a minuteman III missile Launch Control Center . jerry , the older and huskier of the two , open a lock satchel chain to he wrist and slide a red folder under the window to a guard sit behind bullet - proof glass . the Guard open the folder , examine two photo id be , and study the man 's face . he pick up a phone . - guard replacement team 's here , sir . L. ( smile ) right . . chang up ) come on through . another twenty minute and we be go to start look for you . jerry and he deputy , steve -- clean cut , new Air Force — be buzze through into the secure area . the Guard again compare they face with the photo , then return the folder and hand they two service pistol with holster . steve see you tomorrow . guard ( drone ) see you tomorrow . ( continued ) war game - revise 11/2/82 ~ la 2 continued : corridor to a elevator . a young guard with a m - 16 snap to attention . oq the two man strap on they holster as they walk down a they step into the elevator . the two massive set of steel door close . . . 2a int . elevator jerry so , you use to hear she chant all night long " ah mahney pod I ohm , ah mahney pod I ohm . " . steve over the plant ? jerry yeh , she would hold she hand over the seed and chant by the hour . grow the most beautiful wando you ever see . primo stuff . resin city . the elevator door open and we see : see * o # 5381 - revise 11/2/82 underground launch level 3 steel and . concrete give the impression that this struc~ ture could withstand a direct hit by a five-megaton bomb . it could . as the elevator door open , a begin to wail . Jerry and Steve walk along a corridor to reach the door to . the launch capsule . Jerry punch out a code on a keyboard to the side of the oval door . the door be open by the missile com - mander and he deputy inside the launch capsule . the alarm stop . deputy we be worried about you guy . the road must be -- : jerry what road ? " steve it 's the visibility . commander ( spot Jerry 's moustache what 's that ? jerry that 's a moustache . . steve New image . : the Commander survey the moustache briefly , straighten up . : commander I be go home . good night , gentleman . Jerry and Steve the ovtgo team leave the capsule . step in and close the air-lock door . through 10d 10e #5381 7 revise 11/2/82 3. the launch capsule 4 the 10 x 20 foot capsule be cramme with panel of high - frequency transmitter , circuit breaker , air purifi - cation and backup system , a high -speed printer with direct line to sac headquarters , one refrigerator , one small and unprivate latrine , and two launch console . twelve foot apart . each launch console have a computer terminal and a large annunciator panel that give the status of each of the ten missile control by this capsule . a bright red strongbox with two combination lock be mount on the capsule wall . Steve unstrap he holster , hang it on a hook , and sit down at the red chair at he console while Jerry walk to the rear of the capsule and inspect he moustache in the mirror . steve number nine be still nonfunctional , sir . all other be clean and green . : erry ( finger moustache ) I like it . omitted 5 : through 10d angle = steve 10e push a series of button , he attivate a row of light and a buzzer which he then clear by push a ' second relay . steve so , it be like sensimilla , right ? ' jerry sensimilla ? this grass make thai stick taste like oregano man . jt would lay you flat . ( continued ) * 10f through will or 13 #5381 4 . continued : 10e a red light on Steve 's panel fail to respond to the release button . ' steve . Sir , red light . . : ° jerry . . what on ? foe steve number eight , warhead alarm . jerry just give it a thump with you finger . Steve thump the light , it blink off and the buzzer stop . he continue with he check list . omitted 10f through jil int . icbm silo . 12 from a high angle , the camera view the ominous cylin - drical from of a icbm . int . missile launch capsule - later 13 Jerry clip he fingernails while Steve study a technical manual . suddenly , a warble come over the loudspeaker . . voice _» cover. loudspeaker ) skybird , ' this be dropkick with a Blue dash Alpha message in two part . break , break . both man snap into action . each grab a red format Book from a shelf above they console . they flick through to a blue plastic page mark '' blue dash alpha - / wopr execution order . jerry ( slightly alarmed ) stand by to copy message . ( continued ) #5381 continued : 13 . steve stand by . voice ( over loudspeaker ) - - Blue dash alpha .... blue dash alpha ... Romeo , oscar , November , Charlie , tango , tango , lima . each man carefully copy the code into the space in he format Book with a feel marker . voice ( eontinue ) authentication ... Delta , lima , golf , two , two , four , zero , niner , tango , Victor , xray . . Jerry unstrap he seat belt . and move quickly to the red strongbox . Steve be there to meet he . in tense silence , they each open a combination lock and remove 2 brass key , and a blue credit card - like authenticator mark , '' blue -a . " at they seat , Jerry and Steve nervously rip the seal off they authenticator . Jerry 's finger tremble slightly as he compare the letter on he authenticator with that he have just copy down . . they match . Jerry then compare it with the letter appear ~ ing on he computer screen . once again , they match . steve Holy shit . Jerry remain stare at the screen . ._ jerry easy now . run a confirmation . ' some asshole must have he wire cross . : Silent , but with sudden , grim determination , each man type into he terminal . within a few second the screen display : launch order confirmed _ target selection complete enable missile launch time T mind 60 second begin countdown over the loudspeaker , a voice begin the countdown as - poth man stare at they screen . ( continued ) o 13 #5381 ' 6 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 voice ( 0.s. ) t- 60 , T - 59 , t-58 ... steve shit . it 's real . jerry all right , let 's do it . each man buckle he seat belt and insert he key into a slot mark " off , set , launch . " jerry ( continue ) insert unlock code . steve ( set code ) . ' stand by ... unlock code insert . jerry ( beginning to falter ) uh ... insert Launch Key . steve — Roger ... Launch Key insert . Jerry just stare ahead , pause for a beat . jerry : okay ... on my mark ... rotate Launch Key to " set. " jerry ( continue ) Three ...two ... one ... mark . they twist they key simultaneously to " set . " Roger ... at " set . " Steve be poise , await the next order from he com - mander . ( continue ) eee Sir ? jerry uh ... enable missile . ( continued ) no 13 #5381 , 7 . continued : ( 3 ) 13 Steve begin the missile enable procedure , open and flick a series of protect switch . steve number one enable ... number two -- - enable ... number three enable .... . as Steve contive , Jerry stare ahead , then : jerry wait a minute ... I want to get this straight with somebody on the goddamn phone . Jerry grab the phone . a loud wail blare from the earpiece . he slam it down . . steve all missile be enable . jerry get I wing command post on you direct line . Steve pick up the phone . another loud wail . he turn " helplessly to Jerry . ( continue ) sac '' try sac headquarters on the steve but Captain , this be not the procedure . jerry '' screw the procedure . I want to '' get ssomebod : on the goddamn phone efore I kill 20 million people . Steve snatch up a headset . he begin turn the channel selector on a military transmitter . . steve nothing ... they have probably deen vaporize . Jerry take a deep breath . jerry all right , on my mark ... rotate Launch key to launch . ( continued ) 13 14 #5381 continued : ( 4 ) 13 steve Roger ..- ready to go to launch . jerry . ( in syne with - loudspeaker ) t-13 , T - 12 , T - 1l , T - 10 ... t- 10 ... Jerry falter and go silent . Steve sense something be wrong . Jerry remove he hand from the key . . __ steve wee Sir ? Sir , we have order . Jerry look up . Steve point he .38 automatic at he . steve put you hand on the key , sir . voice ( 0.s. ) wes t=6 , tos , todos simultaneously , the countdown appear on the monitor : jerry ( to no one ) oe . I be sorry . voice ees th3 , th2 , T -1 , launch . steve Sir ... we be at launch ! turn the key ! jerry I be try . Jerry sit inert with he hand on the key . suddenly , from the loudspeaker ' a ear-splitt shriek fill the tiny capsule . CUT to : MAIN title montage ( stock ) 14 the molten half orb of a thermonuclear explosion fill the screen . column of fiery cloud rise above the landseape . five nuclear fireballs erupt in tandem , the last climb majestically skyward . : ( continued ) 15 16 17 #5381 ee 9 . continued : 14 detail of churn cloud , convulse with the surface heat of the sun , blend in the final abstraction of a holocaust . the MAIN title end : as the cloud of fire dissolve into the ashen white of high - altitude cumulus . and suddenly , emerge from they , the magnificent ice- clad crest of the Rocky Mountains can be see below . ext . cheyenne mountain — day 15 descend towards the bulk of a single massive peak , detail of the landscape can be see . a blue Air Force station wagon climb -a wind road and stop at a small parking area where a cyclone fence and a security building can be see . it be the entrance to norad ( North american Air Defense Command ) in cheyenne Mountain ... ext . norad - arrival area - day : 16 two man , distinguished by the careful tailore of top echelon Washington bureaucrat , get out . arthur cabot , oldest of the two , be immediately greet by patricia healy , thirtyish , a civilian employee of the Defense Department . PAT Mr. cabot , I be Pat healy , Dr. mckittrick 's assistant ... lyle watson , cabot 's assistant , introduce himself as the group head towards a security gate . Pat distri - bute red id tag which the man clip to they jacket . PAT : ceontinue ; to cabot ) we set up a briefing pend you arrival . in the meantime , if you have any question , I will do my best to fill you in . the group arrive at the security gate and healy lead they onto a small bus . int . norad entrance tunnel — day v7 Pat healy , cabot and Watson be silent during they descent into the man-made grottos of norad . 19 21 e = ae # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 10 . angle 18 the bus pull up next to some supply truck park at a load area . they get into a small electric tug and head through two huge blast door that lead into the combat Operations Center : a windowless city of fifteen building construct inside a five - acre grid of inter - connect chamber . each building sit clear of thé rock wall on massive hydraulic shock absorber . int . norad computer control room : 19 dr . JOHN mckittrick , a senior advisor with the depart - ment of Defense , lean over a table top of blueprint schematics . he discuss the fine point of a vast . computer system with he Assistant , paul richter , a rumple and high -strung young man . Pat healy enter and mckittrick glance up . PAT '' they be here . mckittrick remove he jacket from a chair back and start out of the room . int . norad - hallway . 20 mckittrick straighten he tie as he walk beside Pat healy . PAT cabot and Watson come on they own . no senator and no congressman . mckittrick that 's too bad , we could have cus -a few senator . PAT Sir ? they reach the doorway to another building . mckittrick they ought to see what really go on here . omitted ' 21 through 23 24 war '' game - revise 9/23/82 -. a 1 . . int . norad briefing room - a hour later . : 24 cabot and Watson sit around a table with general jack beringer and aide dougherty , as Pat healy clean up some plate and debris . John mckittrick pour a cup j of coffee as the argument rage . . watson - - be you sure this man have no os - way of know it be only a test ? - cabot qose patience ) } lyle , we have be through this . it do not matter . beringer ; ( to Watson ) : j I talk to the man myself . they * all believe it be the real thing . cabot ( weary , glance at he watch ) look , we have get to be on a plane ! in less than a hour . I be the one who have to explain to the President , why 22 % of he missile commander fail to launch they missile . what ' the hell be I gonna tell he -— that 22 % be not so bad ? '' mckittrick return to the table and stand behind he chair . * beringer I take full responsibility for the man in my command . I have order a complete review of the psychological screen procedure -- mckittrick Excuse I , General , but I do not think '' we ' can’ask this man to go back . to Washington with a bunch of head - shrink bullshit . ( sit down ) the problem be you can not screen out human response . that man down there know what turn that key : ' mean . we have get to get that man out of the loop . beringer ( furious ) | you be ont of line . ' cabot ' ( intrigue ) : . take the man out of the jaunch . | capsule ? : ( continued ) 24 war game - revise 9/23/82 °- teh ee continued : mckittrick + ( ignore beringer ) why not ? beringer we have have man in that silo protect we country since before any of you be watch howdy doody . I sleep well at night know that boy be down there . mckittrick General , they be fine man , I agree with you there -- but be not it just a.big charade ? I mean , all they be suppose to do be turn that key when the computer tell they to . watson you mean when the President order they to . mckittrick well , yes , but in the event of a Soviet strike the President would order we to follow the war plan generate by the computer . watson ( attempt . at sarcasm ) I imagine the Joint Chiefs would have some input . : beringer you be damn right . cabot ( shaking head ) not a lot . if the Soviets launch a surprise attack , we do not have much time . PAT healy twenty - three minute from warning till impact . six minute if they be sub-launched . mckittrick six minute . just enough time for the President to make he decision -- and then it 's all up to the computer . gentlemen , . can you spare five minute ? let I show you . eee ee eee eeen eeenr 8 25 oc war game - revise 9/23/82 .. . il int . norad computer CENTER - : - 25 the group walk between bank of huge computer as the discussion continue . mckittrick this computer give we instant access to the state of the world . : - - troop movement ... Soviet missile - oe test ... shifting weather pattern ... oe it all - flow into this room . mckittrick walk toward a large gray machine the size of a vw bug . Paul richter , mckittrick 's excitable assistant , look up from he terminal at the machine . mckittrick ( cont ) «seand into this ... the wopr computer . ( continued ) sabe , o 26 27 28 29 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 continued : mckittrick turn to face the General . mckittrick not really , Jack . what I think we be talk about be eliminate human error . we will still have plenty of -- '' human control <- at the top ... ( place he hand on beringer 's shoulder ) »-- ewhere it belong . beringer glare at the hand on he shoulder , then look away . Watson stroke the surface of the wopr machine . watson so this be where armageddon ' ais play . I hope to God it always stay here . , mckittrick that 's the whole idea ... cour to : ext . seattle - day the city sit under a typically overcast sky . int . snack bar - day a fast food restaurant with a few video game tuck into one corner . closeup - david ligetman seventeen , pale , carelessly dress in a tear tshirt and jeans that hang loosely on he lanky frame . {continded ) 13 . 26 27 28 29 ee ££ # 2 ee ee of * oc ( 25 26 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 continued : watson the wopr ? . mckittrick that 's War operation plan response . Mr. richter , tell ‘em how it work . the man approach and surround the machine . Paul richter speak up . richter well , the wopr spend its time think about World War III twenty - four hour a day , three hundred and sixty - five day a year . it play a endless . series 's of war game , use all available angle information ‘on the state of the world . mckittrick the wopr have already fight World War III as a game any number of time estimate Soviet response to we response to they response and 50 on . then it look for way to improve its score in a real war . the point be the key decision about every conceivable option in a nuclear crisis have already be make by the wopr . if the day ever come when the President order we to follow the plan ... I want to make damn sure they be carry out . cabot turn to mckittrick , clearly sympathetic . ccabot but right now , all this trillion dollar hardware be at the mercy of that man with the little brass key . . mckittrick whose only problem be they be human . you give I four to six week max and we can replace they with electronic relay . then we can get the human out of the goddamn loop . beringer - John , I do not trust this overgrown pile of microchip any further than I can throw it , you be talk about eliminate human control — ( continued ) aoe 25 26 * eee een eeane ( ( S 29 30 31 32 33 #5381 14 . continued : 29 a shy ten-year- old look on as David intensely play one of the game . whistle and explosion indicate the unseen action on the computer screen . ccoseup of " missile commander '' game '' 30 David target and fire he missile to intercept the enemy force ~~ 50 successfully that he 's already win six free game . . angle 31 David fire another missile and glance at he digital watch during the explosion . oh , my God ! six minute eat !! : david ( to ten - year - old ) you wanna finish it ? the ten -year- old nod " yes . " david ( continue ) go ahead . David hurry out of the arcade . ext . high school - day . . 32 David run across the school yard and into the main entrance . . int . biology CLASS _ 33 David enter the classroom obviously several rinute late and start toward the back of the room . mr. ligget , stand behind he desk . the test question be on the blackboard behind he . ligget glad you could join we , David . Little present for you up here . ligget hold up a blue book on he desk . David pick it up . on the cover , a " F " in red ink . ligget smile slightly . David shrug and take he seat in the back row next to jennifer mack , a impishly pretty brunette . ( continued ) 33 o #5381 continued : 15 . ligget wander before the class , waxing lyric . in he hand he hold another test mark with a large " F . " ligget ( continue ) question four ! in the history of science , novel and innovative concept occasionally come from sudden left-field inspiration ... Jennifer , would you_tell we you answer to question four , " why do nitrogen nodule cling to the root of plant ? " Jennifer listen , she eye lower in embarrassment . David glance at she , clearly sympathetic . the class jennifer umm ... '' love ? titter . ligget Love . Jennifer , what do you know about nitrogen nodule that we do not ?... some bit of salacious info to which you alone be privy ? jennifer no . : ligget I see . you do not know the correct answer -- symbiosis — because , you do not pay attention in class . ligget hold up Jennifer 's test paper for all to see . it be mark with a large " F . " he hand it to a ostudent ' in : the : front row ! to pass back : to Jennifer . li ( continue ) now , there 's a lot of confusion about this next one : asexual reproduction . can somebody tell I who first suggest the idea of reproduction without sex ? ligget turn to the blackboard where be write : asexual reproduction # withodt sex . a few titter . David whisper something to Jennifer , who crack up . ( continued ) 34 #5381 ' 16 . continued : _ ligget ( continue ) I fail to see the humor in this . miss mack , what be so amusing ? Jennifer look at David , still laugh . ligget ( continue ) _ all right , lightman , maybe you can tell we who first suggest reproduction without sex . David look down at he " F " and glance at Jennifer before he reply . david you wife ? CUT to : int . high school ~ administration office — day 34 David breeze up . to the reception desk and hand a pink slip to a young black woman . david ( in a monotone ) Mr. ligget want I to discuss a attitude problem with Mr. kessler . young black woman ( buzzing he through ) I think Mr. kessler 's gettin’ tired of discuss you attitude problem . ' she : motion he down .a ' short corridor toward the . boy 's '' vice principal 's . office . he sit down on a bench out of she view . at the far end of the corridor , David can see the school 's two computer room . in one , a middle - age woman be busily work at a terminal ; the other room be empty , the door open . David listen for a moment to the stern. voice behind the boy ' vp 's door , then get up and quickly walk towards the desert computer room , keep a eye on the woman next door . 33 #5381 ' 17 . 35 int . high school computer room - day 35 C David dart into the room and pull out a slide panel ~ from a desk next to the computer terminal . tape to the panel be a long list of six - letter word , all cross out except the last : . 7 . pencil '' 36 int . high school administration office = day 36 - David slide the panel back . he hurry to a bench just as the door to the boy 's vp 's office open . boy ' vice principal lightman .... what . a surprise . wo not you come in . CUT to : 37 ext . high school - day 37 David walk along the sidewalk on he way home from school . he carry a single book . Jennifer appear on she mope and ride beside he . | : jennifer CO hi. | david oh , hi . . | : David continue walk as Jennifer stay beside he on the mope . jennifer I be sorry I get you in trouble . I just could not stop laugh . david no , at 's okay . ) you be perfect . I be ? 7 fer david uh huh . without totally understanding , Jennifer respond with a ' huh . for a beat they be silent . then : @ . jennifer ' hey , you want a ride home ? david sure . - ' ( continued ) 37 o - 38 39 o : 40 . 41 @ #5381 ' 18 . continued : : 37 she stop and he climb on the back of the mope . omitted 38 ext . seattle STREET . . 39 David react as Jennifer maneuver between car . jennifer hey you get a " F " too , huh ? david yup . jennifer I guess we will both be stick in summer school . david not I . jennifer why not ? be not you go to have to make up biology ? david I do not think so . . jennifer why not ? david if you want to come in , I will show you . jennifer sure ! david over here . ext . lightman house — day . 40 they round a corner on the mope and proceed down a residential street , stop in front of a middle - income , two -story house . David get off the mope . Ralph , he dog , run over to say hello . int . lightman house — Day . 41 Jennifer follow David inside . - to 43 #5381 ' 19 . continued : 41 glancing around in the hallway , she see the house be obviously desert . David pause near the staircase . david uh , my room 's upstairs . Jennifer hesitates , then follow he up the stair . jennifer you parent ' be not home ? david they both work . int . upstair hallway - day 42 they approach David 's room . a sign on the door warn : '' tris be a secure area . authorized entry only . no exception . '' he remove a key , unlock the door and they enter . int . david' bedroom - day . 43 it be dark . David flip a switch . the silence be break by the hum of electronic circuitry as panel and pool of light appear around the room . noting that he bed be amess and a pair of underwear be on the floor , David make a quick , embarrassed attempt at straighten - ing up . Jennifer quickly scan he computer system . a couple of old sylvania tvs serve as monitor for a electronic keyboard from_an outmode altair terminal , a printer rig from a electric typewriter , wire run - ning to a variety of other makeshift hardware , includ - ing a modem ( telephone coupler ) , memory storage unit and several floppy disk drive . David sit down at the main terminal and hit the enter key . he take one of . othe ' telephone ireceiver , place it in - the modem , and punch out a phone number . ~ oe jennifer > you be really into computer , buh ? david yeah . jennifer what be you do ? david I be dial into the central school district 's system . ( continued ) #5381 continued : monitor : this be the seattle public school district datanet . . please log in with user password oe . david ( continue ) - they change the password every '' ae couple week , but I know where they write it down . david : pencil the terminal display a list of subsystem of choose from . David request " student transcript . " a complete record of David 's dismal high school career be display . David move the small correction square over to he biology grade ... " fw " jennifer this be you grade ? david yep . I do not think I deserve a " fu " do you ? the " F " become a " c.™ jennifer you can not do that . david already do . Jesus , how could anybody get a " D " in Home ee ? Jennifer peer at the monitor , now display she own mediocre grade . jennifer . that 's none of you business — what be you do ? david I be change you biology grade . jennifer ( alarmed ) no . you be go to get I in trouble . . david no one will find out . ( continued ) o 43 44 45 46 #5381 , 21 . continued : 43 David move the small correction square over the '' F " and press the " a " key . david ( continue ; smile - - at Jennifer ) you just get a " a . " now you do not have to go to summer school . . jennifer Change it back . david why ? they can not possibly trace -- jennifer ( upset ) | I say change it back . david okay , okay . the " a " go back to a " F . " jennifer ( cool ) listen , I guess I better get go . david sure — thanks again for the ride . jennifer yeah . okay , ' bye . she close the door and head down the step . omitted : / 44 back to scene . 45 David turn back to he terminal and change she biology grade to a " a . " CUT to : int . lightman dine room - night 46 dinnertime at the lightman house . a segment of '' that's incredible " drone from the tv in the de . ( continued ) 46 47 #5381 , 22 . continued : '' 46 David 's father , mr . lightman , a thin bald man , meti - culously butter a piece of wonder bread and then pro ceed to wrap it around a ear of corn , slowly rotate it to grease the cob evenly . Ralph sit patiently by , wait for he chance . David eat while read the junk mail of the day and the latest issue of a computer magazine . at the other end of the table , a plate of food sit untouched . from behind the close kitchen door , Mrs. lightman 's loud telephone chatter can be hear . mr . lightman . mrs. lightman ( 0.s. ) Ralph , you already eat . buty yourve get to see now stay ! you put out the place ... it 's ny the trash ? pride and joy of all my isting . yes , two david bedroom , a bath~and - a- yeah . half and a huge bonus room ... ( call out ) put the lid on real tight so Ralph will not turn it over again . david . : ( back to phone ) I know ; mom. - of , they be willing to * carry back on a second wee I think we can work something with creative financing . all right , wonderful , I will meet you at 9:30 tomorrow . Mr. lightman nod approval . David 's attention be catch by a provocative three - page insert announcement : quantum leap in computer game -- from protovision this summer . David , have finish , excuse himself , .. and rise from the table and put the dish in ' the sink . '' Ralph follow David who sneak he a leftover on the sly . int . hallway — night 47 as David cross the hallway to the vestibule , he mother watch he go . as he mount the step she turn to Mr. lightman . mrs . lightman I worry about he . I think one of this day we be go to get electrocute . ( continued ) oo 47 474 through 49 50 #5381 continued : mr . lightman Mom . as he crunch on he corn . omitted angle David be on the phone . david . yeah , for sunnyvale , California please ... the number for protovision ... thanks . oh , and could you tell I what other prefix cover that area ? 23 . CUT to : as the operator speak , David jot down the number . . david ( continue ) thank you . David open a file box and rifle through a collection of thin plastic disc the size of forty - five 's -- floppy disc , program storage unit for home computer . he insert one into a disc reader . the machine begins to whir and send a display to the monitor . modem tone . scan copyright by david lightman unauthorized use or duplication ' of ' this program be stricily prohibited . David place the telephone receiver in the modem and hit the " return " key on the terminal . monitor : to scan for modem tone , please list desire area code and prefix . david : 311-399 , 313-237 , 313-787 , 311-936 re hit the '' return '' key again and the program start to run . he turn up the moniter knob on the modem and listen as the computer automatirally dial number : 311-399-0000 . the first ( continded ) 47 474 through 49 50 50 51 #5381 24 . continued : : 50 after one ring a irate voice answer " hello . " the computer disconnect and ring the next number : 311 - 399-0001 . David turn off the monitor speaker , crawl into bed | with he magazine and begin to read as the computer screen fill up with phone number . fade to black . fade in : int . snack bar - day : 51 School 's out . kid play electronic game and David be among they . at the most difficult combat game , David 's hand dance over the control , darting away occasional - ly to grab a bite from a hamburger and a sip from a Coke . Jennifer approach . she watch he for a beat . . jennifer hi. David do not lose concentration . david oh , hi. jennifer you be gonna spoil you dinner . david this be my dinner . . jennifer listen , I think it over last night . david what ? jennifer that thing with my grade ... can you still change it for a split second , David 's concentration be break , allow a enemy missile to hit he base . jennifer ( continue ) I can not believe I be so stupid . I should have just let you do it . ( continued ) 51 . 52 | | li #5381 : > 25 . " continued : 51 David begin fight back the invader but they be gain on he . he react to another hit . jennifer '' 4 ( continue ) '' ie 7 nyway wante to ask you 1t you could still do it . in a effort to avoid the question , David appear to intensify he concentration on the game . david uh , I do not know . it might be kinda rough . . jennifer why ? : david ( search ) uh , I do not know . they might have change the password . jennifer ' but maybe they do not ... could not we at least try and see . David stare at the game . jennifer ( continue ) please ... int . david be room - late afternoon 52 the monitor be a single square against black limbo , methodically printing out phone number as it continue to dial they . the light be turn on as David enter with Jennifer . she cross to the terminal and stare at it curiously . __ jennifer what 's it do ? david do not touch the key . jennifer I will not , but , what 's it do ? ( continued ) #5381 , . 26 . . eo continued : 52 ~ david dial number . this computer company be come out with this amazing new game in a couple of month . the program for they be be probably still in they computer , so 1 tell my system to search for _ ~ computer in sunnyvale . oe David take the phone off the modem , hand it to Jennifer and dial a number . david ( continue ) they answer with a tone that other computer can recognize . as Jennifer hear the high -frequency tone over the phone , she watch the grow list of phone number on the monitor . jennifer you be call every number in sunnyvale , California ? C ) David nod , grin . . jennifer ( continue ) be not that expensive ? david there 's way around that . jennifer be this go to take long ? I would really like to get my grade change . David stare at the monitor . david yeah ... well , the thing be ... actually , I already change it . jennifer ( surprised ) what ?... I tell you not to do that . david . | @ I be sure you would change you mind . Jennifer pout for a beat . ( continued ) 52 #5381 continued : ( 2 ) david ( continue ) besides , I do not want you to flunk . let 's see what we have get so far . he hit the enter key . monitor : union marine bank , southwest branch hdqt . log in please david get to remember that one , it might come in handy some day . Jennifer smile . David type another number and reach the Department of motor vehicle . david ( continue ) get any ticket ? jennifer you mean if I have a speed ticket you '' could fix it ? david : ( shrug ) probably . David reach another system ; unlike the other , there be no indication of what he have reach , only the con - ventional request : monitor : log on david ( continuin ) it do not identi ty itself . let 's try anything . david : 000001 monitor : identificaton not recognized by system . you have be disconnected . the computer screen go blank . jennifer how rude . david ( redialing ) . I will ask it to help I log on . ( continued ) o 52 #5381 , 28. continued : ( 3 ) 52 jennifer can you do that ? . david ( redialing ) -- - yeah , on some system . the more complicated they be , the more - they have to help you out . : monitor : log on david : help log on monitor : help not available . log on jennifer now what ? david : help game monitor : game refer to model , simulation ' ind game which have tactical and strategic : applicaton . david ( excited ) I think we have get they . turn that on , would you ? let 's get a printout of this . David motion Jennifer to the printer next to the term - inal . david : list game the monitor be blank for a moment as they both watch it . then : monitor : game : falken be ' maze black jack checker chess fighter combat desert warfare theatrewide tactical warfare the camera pan slowly down the list and hold on the last line : global thermonuclear war ( continued ) 52 53 534 54 55 '' ssa #5381 , 29 . continued : ( 4 ) 52 david ( continue ; almost a whisper ) Holy shit . omitted , " 53 ext . university computer facility - day 534 the mope with Jennifer drive and David riding behind ull around behind the building and stop near a load - ang entrance . David lead Jennifer through a service oor . int . university computer facility - day 54 David and Jennifer enter pass through a terminal room where undergraduate peer into they monitor . Jennifer glance at a pair of bearded student who intently play a computer game . int . university computer facility - repair shop 55 area - day David and Jennifer enter a room where several large machine have be break down for repair . jim sting , overweight , sloppily dress with a hint of arrogance in he expression , work amidst a confusion of circuit board and wire loom . see he , David stop and speak to Jennifer . david wait here . angle 554 David go to Jim who be sit on the floor with he head inside a machine . david Jim ... as Jim retract he head , he bump it on the metal cabinet . : jié¥ lightman ... ( more ) ( continded ) 554 o #5381 : 30 . continued : : 55 a jim ( cont 'd ) ( to a 0.8. colleague ) malvin , it 's lightman . malvin , a4 thin , hyper , post - adolescent suddenly approach . david ( to Jim ) . I want you to look at something . he extend the printout towards Jim . malvin hi , lightman . malvin reaéhes out and take it . malvin ( continue ) what be this ? david wait , I want Jim to see it . malvin where do you get this ? david I be try to break into protovision ... I want to get the program for they new game . Jim reach for the printout . malvin wait ... I be not through . Jim -snatch it - anyway . he. scan it , look askew through he thick smudgy glass . : jim Global thermonuclear war ...... this do not come from protovision . malvin I know it do not ... ask he where he get it ? david I tell you . ( continded ) 554 o 31 . continued : ( 2 ) . 554 , malvin it must be military . definitely military . probably classified . david - i£ it 's military , why would they have game like blackjack and checker ? jim maybe because they be game that teach basic strategy ...- from a slight distance , Jennifer quizzically watch this odd group . malvin — ( notice Jennifer ) who 's that ? david she 's with I . malvin why be she stand over there listen ? david she 's not listen . she give I a ride over here . Jim , how cdn I get into this system ? I want to play some of this game . I have never see stuff like this . | malvin | and you be not suppose to see ' stuff like this . anyway , that system probably have the new data encryption algorithm . you will never .get in . david | I do not believe any system be | totally secure . I betcha Jim | could get in . | malvin betcha he could not . they both watch Jim for a beat . then : jim you will never beat the front line security ... but you might look for a back door . . ( continded ) 554 #5381 continued : 32 . ( 3 ) 554 malvin I can not believe it . that person be stand over there listen and you be tell he about back door . jim malvin , relax . back door be no secret . malvin you be give up trick that belong to we . david what trick ? what 's a back door ? jim well , when I design a system I always put in a simple password that only I know about . so later , if I want to get back in , I can bypass whatever security they have add on . malvin suddenly note Jennifer stand near a large machine . David turn to Jim expect more . malvin lightman , you friend be stand right near the tape drive 7 - do not let she touch it . I be have a lot of trouble with that unit . david malvin , relax . she will not touch it . david | ( continue ) | ee . yeah ? | jm , | if you really want to get in , find out everything you can about the guy who design the system . david come on . how do I even find ost who the guy be ? ( continued ) 554 55 B 55c '' 56 57 58 59 #5381 : 33 . continued : ( 4 ) 55 a Jim ponder the problem . impatiently , malvin break in . . malvin you guy be so dumb , I do not - '' believe it . I betcha I know how to do it , I figure it out . david oh yeah , malvin . how would you do . ite malvin first game on the list , dummy . I would . go in through falken 's maze . ext . university library - day 553 David climb the step to the Library . omitted . 55 '' int . university library - day 56 David move along the huge card catalogue of the Science Library . he remove the first " F " drawer . angle - david ; 57 his finger flip through the card come finally to : falken , Stephen W. , '' falken' maze : teaching a machine to think . " omitted 38 int . david' bedroom — niget 59 David sit at he computer , the light shine in he face , type in '' falken 's maze . '' monitor : identificaton not recognized by system . you have be disconnected . o / 9 60 through 70 71 71a 72 73 #5381 omitted int . library - search desk - day 34 . the librarian hand David a computer printout . falken , stephen W. , phd publication 1965 = dept . 1965 - dept . 1966 - dept . 1968 — dept . 1970 - dept . 1971 - dept . 1973 - deceased or of of of of of defense r-1701 -af defense p-122-pr defense r-1800 - af defense r-1801 -af defense m~3366-b defense m-1403-af david' bedroom - night classified classified classified classified classified classified David gaze into the computer screen in he underwear . monitor : you have be disconnected . ext . STREET in front of lightman house - day Jennifer , wear skimpy jogging short and a tank top , trot along the sidewalk past David 's house . after go a short distance , she make a jogger 's turn and trot across the lawn to he front door . bell . angle she ring the at the ' door , Jennifer continue trot in place and breathe deeply as she wait . it open and Mr. lightman . face she with a glaze expression . jennifer ( bright ) hi , be David here ? lightman stare at she for a beat before answer . ennifer ( continue ) I have be jogging . ( continded ) 60 through 70 71 71a 72 73 of 73 74 75 76 #5381 35 . continued : ' 73 mr . lightman he 's up in he room . he step aside , let she enter . int . stairway - day | 4 Mr. lightman speak as Jennifer bounce up the stair . mr. lightman you ought to take he out run . he never get any exercise . int . hallway outside david' bedroom - day 75 Jennifer knock . david ( 0.s. ) yeah . she open the door . int . david' bedroom - day . 76 the room , normally cluttere be now a total mess . paper , magazine and ream of printout be every ~ where . . David look around from where he sit at the monitor . the list of game be up . jennifer where have you be ? david what ? : oe ee - I have not see you around . david yeah ... well . David get up and move away stack of printout , xerox article and book from the bed to make a place for Jennifer to sit . | david ( continue ) you want to sit down ? ( continued ) | 76 76a #5381 : : coe 36 . a natinembete het continued : 76 jennifer what be all this stuff ? david I be still try to find ovt more . - about the guy who make up this game program , so I can maybe igure out he private password . jennifer why ? what 's so special about play game with some machine ? David reach for a yy ' videotape . david it 's not some machine ! look at this . I borrow this tape from the library . it 's all about he guy falken . angle - david 76a David insert it in he tape player and press " play . " david visual a monitor . generate the image of a poker hand . then it generate a chess board . the knight make @ move . he be really into game as well as computer . he program they to play all kind of game , chess , checker . a scientist play black - jennifer jack with the computer well everybody do and win . he smile at that now . he colleague . david the scientist play again . no , no . what he do , this . time he lose and throw down he card as that be ' great , ' be he the monitor display " 21 . " design the computer to learn from they mistake so they get better the next game . the system really learn how to learn . it teach itself . now , if I could just figure out the passwor I could play the computer . ( more ) ( continued ) $ 5381 -- revise 9/15/82 764a continued : david ( cont 'd ) ~ there he be . that 's he . falken . jennifer wow , he 's get great eye . why do not you just call he ? : . david so I can not . he 's dead . that 's he obituary . he hand article to Jennifer . . jennifer he do not look very old . david no . he be pretty old , tr think . he be forty - one or something . ; jennifer . oh yeah , that 's old . who 's that ? david that 's he little boy . jennifer this be really sad . it say he and he mother be kill in some car wreck a david yeah , I know . l . jennifer and falken ' die when he be 41 . my dad 's 45 . i’ remember he be really sick once . and we all think he be go to ..... david what be he name ? 37 . 76 a a shot of falken appear , show off a prototype of he computer . closer shot of falken show off some hard - ware and talk about it . visual a three - year- old boy , | joshua , bit at a terminal and . push a button . the diagram of a ticmtacmtoe game appear . : joshua place a " X " in opposite corner . he catch the chance at a center '' X " and win the game . his dad reach in and pick he up . joshua wave at the camera . ( continued ) 76a 77 through 81 82 war game - revise 9/15/82 37a - 39 * continued : ( 2 ) 76 a jennifer my dad ? david .- falken 's son . what be he name ? . jennifer joshua . david it can not be this simple . omitted 77 . through 81 angle 82 David 's eye lock on the photo . then , he type in " joshua . " the monitor do not disconnect . then suddenly , for a few second , it come alive with a barrage of incomprehensible data . david ( cut she off ) wow . jennifer what ? david we have get something . the monitor suddenly go dark and they wait in tense silence until : ( continded ) 82 ) #5381 ' 40 . continued : 82 monitor : greeting professor falken david ( continue ) _ we be in . it think I be falken . david : hello monitor : how be you feeling today ? jennifer how can it ask you that ? david it will ask you whatever it 's program to ask you . want to hear it talk ? David reach over and turn on a small voice simulator box . david ( continue ) let 's ask it how it feel . david : i'm fine . how be you ? the machine answer both on the monitor and with a voice . monitor : excellent . it be be a long time . can you explain the removal of you user account number on JUNE 23 , 1973 . David continue to speak as he type . david : people sometime make mistake . . a monitor : yes they do . jennifer how can it talk ? david it 's not a real voice ... this thing just translate the signal from the machine into sound . monitor : shall we play a game ? jennifer I think it miss he . ( continued ) 83 #5381 ' , 41. continued : ( 2 ) 82 david yeah , weird be not it ... . david : how about global thermonuclear war ? monitor : - wouldn't you prefer a good game of chess ? . david : later . " | let' play global thermonuclear war . ; monitor : fine . what side do you want ? david ( continue ) all right ! david : i'll be the russian . monitor : list primary target . _ david ( continue ) what should we nuke first ? jennifer ( think ) how about Las Vegas ? david Las Vegas , great . what else ...? Seattle . CUT to : int . norad - cheyenne mountain , colorado - day 83 | | it 's business as.usual in . the Crystal Palace , the cavernous '' nerve center of norad . seventy or so military personnel sit at various track ~ ing and communication console on the floor of the war room . huge screen display the current position of the world 's armed force . above they , the scoreboard indi- cate the current defcon ( Defense condition ) range from 5 -- peacetime — to 1 — - state of war . we be at defcon 5 . 84 85 86 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 . 42 . angle - command balcony 84 opposite the screen be the Command balcony , where General beringer , colonel conley , he Chief communi - cation Officer ; and the battlestaff sit behind a row of console , with a view of the entire room . to the leave , the balcony extend to contain a computer | console , the main wopr terminal , manned by major lem . a staff sergeant approach , bring coffee to General beringer . close on NORTH america ~ radar scope on floor 85 a electronic blip appear over the horizon , then two more , then a whole flock of blip head in a trajec~ tory towards the western U.S . the radar analyst look up for a routine check of he scope and suddenly notice the blip . he grab the phone . radar analyst ( into phone ) I have seven ... correction , eight Red bird at two degree past apogee , project target area ... norad region two - five and two - six . a wailing signal go off . angle 8é a officer listen to the analyst , adjust he own monitor , and speak into he mouthpiece . captain newt cobra dane , we have a Soviet missile warning . check for smalfuncrion and report confidence ... a atrman rush along the line of monitor and dive into a chair in front of he terminal . she scramble to put on she headset . airman field all station this be Crystal Palace , initiate a emergency conference . stand dy . another man rush quickly to the chair beside she and quickly put he headset on . '' 9ggg ] - revise 9/20 / 22 , 2 ° ~~ st~= < css =‘< =cs *é‘é‘ ss 87 . angle 87 radar analyst speak into he headset . radar analyst +s. nineteen degree past apogee with eighteen possible target - in track . estimate re-entry at twenty - three , nineteen , Zulu . 88 crystal palace - command balcony 88 Colonel conley sit at he monitor . beringer quickly approach from behind . conley ( to beringer ) Sir , we have a radar tracking of eight inbound Soviet icbm 's already over the pole . estimate impact ... eleven minute . confirm target area : western * United States . a map suddenly fill the central screen show eight blip head for North amer : :=. 0 . beringer '' why do not we get a launch detection ? conley I be not sure , Sir . we be check for dsp malfunction . 89 angle - floor 89 a analyst stare at the graphic on the screen in front . of.him . . he speak into the mouthpiece . analyst bmews have continuous radar tracking on inbound ... confidence be high ... I repeat , confidence be high . 90 int . david be room — day 90 David 's face register both the thrill of the game and concern at try to understand the fleeting jumble of ° printout that fill the monitor . Jennifer look over .% he shoulder as David type away on he terminal . {continued ) 90 93 94 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 , / 44 . continued : . 90 jennifer what do all that mean . david I do not know , but it 's great . int . crystal palace - command balcony 91 a communications aide speak with beringer . lt . dougherty ( as a communication aide be go over a printout ) «+. the President be in he limousine , they be diverting to andrew ... the vice President be out of position ... the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs be ... conley ( cut in ) missile warning report no malfunction . conlidence remain high . angle - command balcony . 92 beringer take versus to defcon 3 . get on to sac , have they flush the bomber . the big electric sign flash from defcon five to defcon three above the tense activity on the floor elow . int . crystal palace - communications module 93 a communications . officer speak into a headset . beringer can be see in the b.g. . captain newt sac , this be Crystal Palace . cinc€ norad declare defcon 3 . scramble all alert aircraft ... I repeat , scramble all alert aircraft . int . crystal palace - floor 94 a analyst react first to he own scope . ( continued ) 94 95 56 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 45 . continued : 94 in . the beg. other analyst can be see speak into they headsets and adjust they screen . on the huge wall display , the missile suddenly separate into many multiple warhead . a - radar analyst inbound presently mirving . we now have approximately twenty - four possible target in track . angle - command balcony 95 lt . dougherty ( to beringer ) Sir , new time to impact : eight minute . Colonel conley turn to General beringer hold out a phone . ; conley . Sir , sac be launching the bomber ... General power be on = sense beringer | ( take the phone ) beringer . ( defensively ) goddammit , we never get a launch detection from the satellite . radar pick them up already out of the atmosphere and that 's the first thing we hear . beringer listen for a few moment and then hang up . he glance briefly at the board . : beringer ( continue ; to conley you better warm up the icbm in the bull pen . get ‘em ready to fly . beringer ' 's face reflect a certain pain at the sight of the approach blip on the big board . he take the yellow phone hold by a aide . angle 96 it be evident from the face of the other man that the most dread of all decision be about to be make . 97 98 '' 99 through 101 102 #5381 ' 46 . int . david be room - day 97 David type in at the monitor . a little slower now as he think over the game . david I wonder if I should use my . ~ sub ... jennifer sure , give them the work . | there be a loud crash as a garbage can be knock over , follow by dog barking . mr lightman ( 0.s. ) David ... David ... David moan , then go to the window . angle 98 from outside the window , David 's father call up to he . he stand near a knock - over garbage can . litter be spread in several direction . mr . lightman I have tell you you have get to fasten down the lid ... look at this mess . david i'll be down in a few minute , dad . mr. lightman I want this pick up right now , understand I ? '' omitted 99 through 101 angle 102 David 's mother enter the scene . mrs . lightman hone : '' will you come down here and : do what you father say ? David turn away from the window . ( continued ) 102 103 104 104a 1048 104c $ 5381 to ane continued : 102 david ( softly ) . shit . he shut off the machine . int . crystal palace ~ floor vote 103 the big board suddenly blip , then go blank . the wailing signal cease . Maps gradually begin to . reappear with no indication of approach missile . '' int . crystal palace — command balcony 104 analyst fumble with they control . conley look around from he terminal . conley General , bmews and cobra dane now report negative confirmation on all inbound tracking . beringer ( a beat ) . get sac , tell they to hold steady . int . crystal palace - floor : ~ 104a richter can be see rush frantically into the room . richter stop it ! stop ! it 's a simulation . there 's a attack simulation run . int . crystal . palace — command balcony 1043 amaze , beringer watch richter 's frantic approach . beringer what 's he say ? angle - floor 104 c shove people aside , richter continve toward the Command balcony . richter we be not be attack . it 's a simulation . _- # 5381 i 104d angle 7 oo 4104d my beringer face richter . ' , '' o beringer what the hell be go on here ? you know we do not allow run - here . someone could get hurt . - . riceter sorry , sir . we be not really . certain how , but someone on the : mee outside feed a attack simulation into the main system . Pat healy walk quickly towards the group and hand richter a computer printout . beringer ( softly , but fast ) conley , get we off full alert and hold at defcon four until we find out exactly what be go on ... richter _ _. ( glance at printout ) — oe i.did not tell you to cut the line . . - do I tell you to cut the line ? fr you have cut the line . Sir , they qo shut down before we could complete we trace . ( eool ) : we do locate the general area where the transmission originate . : beringer , where ? | | . PAT healy F . Seattle , Washington . : 104e . omitted 104e | & é& : 105 105 war game - Rev. 9/13/82 106 int . ' lightman house - dusk David open the front door and enter in a very upbeat . : C ) mood . he pass - by the de where Mr. lightman be - : watch the news . ole david ( cheerfully ) -- '' bi dad . no response . David bounce up the stair . weet mrs . lightman ( 0.s. ) ( stern voice ) David ! he stop in he track , mutter something , and head back down . david what do I do ? Mrs. lightman come out of the kitchen hold a white card . mrs . lightman . plenty , mister --- ( hand he paper ) : ' - cyou just pass all you class for the semester . C ) congratulation , dear ! '' she give he a hug . David look sheepish . . mrs. lightman ( cont ) show this to you father . ( call ) honey ! ome '' she march David into the de just as Dan Rather launch into the top story of the day . j 4 1070 '' cuose . = " rv : ~ q07 rather ( on tv ) for three and a half minute yesterday evening , the defense force of the United States go on a full - scale nuclear alert , believe ... wr . lightman gaze vacantly at the report card . ee ' rather ( on tv ) . ' --- that the Soviet Union have e -- iaunched a surprise missile attack ... ( continued ) wan game '' Rev. 9/15/82 107 continued : David stare at the screen , gisbelieé ' eurn to ' norrer . CO ) just then the phone ring . - lightman go to answer . ( . oem not x hello . . : S - ' rather ( on tv ) woe Pentagon spokesman place blame for the error on a computer : malfunction , and insisted that . bee the problem have be correct . coe more on the story from ike pappas . se that 's yours . : 5 david ( in a panic ) ~ : . oh , yeh , yeh . he run up to he room . = 108 int . david' bedroom - dusk ' 108 i mt David pick up the phone cautiously . : david : o : : ( nervously ) B hello .... i. . jennifer 5 David , be jou watch tv ? ' david 5 Jennifer ...hi. yeah , I be watch . ? jennifer . ( excited ) 3 be that we ? do we do that ? |! not npw 's ( in agony ) it must be . oh Jesus , I be really screw now ... Jennifer , what be I gonna do , they be gonna come get I ... jennifer hey , calm down . if they be so smart > . they would have already find you . . . right ? '' 5 david {not so sure ) nity yeah ... for a 108 109 through iil 111a war game - Rev. 9/15/82 — continued : : . so ... just do not cali that number again ! throw it away . . david nied _ yeah ... maybe they do not trace | the call . jennifer just act normal . you will be ‘okay . ° do not worry . david yeah . thanks . jennifer god--unbelievable ! you think I could just tell marci-- david Jennifer ! jennifer - okay , okay . I will talk to you tomorrow . . david goodnight , Jennifer . they hang up . omitted int . david' bedrrom - night - later David rip : falken 's picture from he wall , tear it - up , and stuff it into he wastebasket , now overflow with the evidence of he illegal act . be find another scrap under he desk , proceed to _ rip it into small piece . . the phone ring . he lift the receiver , hear the high pitch of a computer tone , and rountinely place it into the modem . then he return to he methodical destruction of the evidence . at the sound of the familiar voice , he freeze . «x : monitor : greeting professor falken bas David , look back over he shoulder slowly and stare at the monitor . we 109 * through 22a * = o 111a 112 113 war game - revise 9/15/82 — continued : David oh God ... David slowly sit at he terminal and answer . david : I am not falken . falken be dead . monitor : i'm sorry to hear that , professor . yesterday' game be interrupted . although primary goal be not yet achieved , solution be near . monitor : game time elapsed : 26hr 12min 14sec estimated time remaining : 52hr 17min 4osec '' asp = 50 . * 1lla David sit back from the terminal and gaze at the screen .. extreme closeup of monitor ..s although primary goal be not '' . achieved ... David type into the terminal -- david : what be ' the primary goal ? monitor : you should know , professor . you programmed I . david : what be the primary goal ? monitor : to win the game . David bang the receiver down on the phone . with barely a second 's delay , it ring . again . he lift the receiver and hear the telltale high - pitched ine of .th omputer .. David hang with gain , . then the hook , drop iton the desk , and stare fearfully at the monitor . dissolve to : david in bed at night . phone ring . he do not answer . 112 113 114 war game - revise 9/15/82 '' 51 . ext . seven -eleven - morning 114 David emerge from a Seven - eleven drink from a bottle of orange juice and eat a cellophane wrap danish . he amble along the sidewalk . a pair of burly jogger approach David and a van draw up in the street beside he . suddenly , one of the jogger rush at David . ote ( continued ) # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 . 52 . 114 continued : 114 jogger oc lightman .... David stand in stunne disbelief , as the other jogger rush towards he . other men pile out of the van surround he . . Agents grab he and shove he to a wall of the store while other fed cover he . David be rudely searched and handcuff as one of the Men in warmup clothes speak into a walkie-talkie . we have get he . David 's head be pull back and he mouth be searched . a unmark car pull up at the curb , and a few pass - ersby pause to gape , as David be shove quickly into the back seat . the car speed away . 114a . ext . crystal palace - day 114a a helicopter arrive and deposit mckittrick . ) 115 int . crystal palace 115 a tour group of vip be be show around by Colonel conley . there be several man , they wife and one or two 18 year old . all nicely dress a notch or two up from the usual tour group . the Big board say " welcome distinguish Visitors from City of Birmingham . " one visitor be seat in the Big chair . . colonel conley so , this operation be on constant alert here 24 hour a day so you constituent and you home be valway ' safe . for example , last week we have the Governor of ~ New Jersey up here with he people . he want to know why we be at defcon 4 as we be now ... he continue on as we — — cuT to : 116 crystal palace 116 @ _ mckittrick and Pat healy move briskly through the Palace . '' mckittrick why be we at defcon 4 ? ( continued ) * nae 116 117 118 war game - revise 9/24/82 ~ - 53 . continued : : 116 PAT the Soviets see we bomber scramble and go on alert themselves . we have tell they it be a exercise , but we be wait : . for they to relax they posture . ~ . before we do . they reach a flight of stair that lead to the briefing room . mckittrick note the group of vip . mckittrick Christ , just what we need today , another tour group snooping - around . why do not they go to disneyland ? PAT I think that 's tomorrow they do that . omitted 117 int . briefing room 118 a harry Paul richter stand at a blackboard fill with incomprehensible diagram . seat be . beringer and dougherty , cabot , and Watson , and GEORGE wigan , a stern man in civilian clothes . mckittrick enter as richter wind up a point , take a seat , exchange glance with the General . richter ( 0.5 . ) «+- Mr. cabot , it be a one - in - a-million shot -- there be a open line at we Space division in sunnyvale - the phone company screw up .... - he trail off , : relieved 'to : see mckittrick . cabot John , good to see you . John mckittrick , George wigan . George be with the FBI . they have bring the boy here for question . mckittrick exchange nervous greeting with wigan . mckittrick how would it happen , Paul ? richter well , he penetrate the war game subsystem use a password leave in by the original programmer ... no one even know it be in there . ( continued ) een eee he eee war game - revise 9/24/82 ~ $ 4. 118 continued : . . 118 wigan ( ) the kid claim he be look ~ for a toy company . the General snort . mckittrick Paul , i. want you to find that password and remove it . put a tiger team on it -- and beef up security around the wopr . ' beringer beef up ? how ' bout screw up ? we be a little past that . cabot ( viciously understate ) there 's some real concern about a break -down in security here , John . mckittrick well , gentleman , I think we be be a bit naive here ... I mean , you do not really think some high school punk could just pick up the phone and do this on he own , do you ? ( to cabot ) the kid 's work for somebody . he 's gotta be . wigan ( go through note ) well , he do fit the profile perfectly . intelligent but a underachiever ... alienate from he . parent ..few. friend ... a classic case for recruitment by the Soviets . mckittrick ithink . I no better talk to the. boy . cabot Fine , John . we need some answer . watson what do this say about the state of we country ? ( to wigan ) have you get any insight into why a bright boy like this would jeopardize the life of million ? wigan no , sir . the little prick say he do this sort of thing for fun . cuT to : eee not the en * eee 8 ee a . 118a o 119 o 120 thro 122 @ 123 war game - revise 9/22/82 ~ 55 . int . infirmary MAIN room : 118a mckittrick enter and be admit to a lock exam room which be open by a wall - mount touch - tone lock . int . examining room in norad infirmary 119 David look up as mckittrick enter . a burly Air Police sergeant stand at the door . David look haggard and scared as mckittrick face he . his hand be cuffed . mckittrick hello , David . I be John mckittrick . I run the computer facility here . David nod . mckittrick ( cont ) ( to guard ) can you get this cuff off he ? David , I call you parent .... I tell they you be fine and that we have not file any charge yet ... but I also say we will need a little time to sort this whole thing out . david how much time ? mckittrick that depend on how well you * cooperate . David rub he wrist as the handcuffs be remove . mckittrick ( cont ) ( to guard ) tell the o.d. I be take he for a * little walk . ( to David ) '' c'mon , ' we will be more comfortable * in - my office . David be apprehensive . mckittrick ( cont ) c'mon . omitted 120 thro 122 int . corridor 123 * mckittrick walk briskly with David close behind . ( continued ) 123 123a war game continued : int . mckittrick lead David around a corner . computer CENTER 55a . 123 ~- revise 9/22/82 david you use to work with Stephen falken , do not you ? mckittrick I start out as falken 's assistant . who tell you that ? david I read the article you write together on poker and nuclear war . mckittrick the one on bluff ? yeah , upset a few people . that david he must have be a amazing guy . 123a the computer center spread out below they . David be awestruck . mckittrick Stephen ? brilliant , but a flake . he never really understand the practical use of he work in the real ' world . ( look across room ) there 's the machine that run he game program . david ( almost to himself ) joshua 's in there ... mckittrick ( to the point ) David , see that sign there ? that 's ' our. scurrent defense condition . it should read defcon 5 - - that 's peace . but because of you little stunt , we be still on defcon 4 . if we have not catch it in time , we might have go to defcon 1 , and that would mean a World War . David look at he , genuinely impressed with the seriousness of he speech . mckittrick now , you break in because you want to play a game , right ? +e eh +e eee 123a 124 war game - revise 10/6/82 ~ : 56 . continued : he turn and go toward he office . David nod and follow . david that 's right . int . mckittrick's office David glance around at the well - appoint office with a view of the Crystal Palace . a monitor glow in the darkness of indirect lighting . mckittrick indicate a chair . David sit . as mckittrick speak , he remove soft drink from a small fridge . David look over he shoulder to follow mckittrick 's movement . mckittrick but after you see it on the news , why would you break in again ? you know how serious it be . david I do not do it again . I even throw the phone number away . mckittrick I know . we find it in the trash . , david _ joshua call I back . mckittrick ( smile ) David , you can pull that on some FBI asshole — do not try it with I . david ' but it 's true -- it still think we be play a game . mckittrick a game .... ( look at note ) David , who be you suppose to meet in Paris ? david Paris ? oh ...no ... you do not under --~ mckittrick you make reservation for two . who else know about this ? cur to : 124 124 o war game - revise 10/6/82 '' continued : david ( hesitates ) nobody . mckittrick eye he coldly . 7 oo : mckittrick '' why do not I believe you ? david maybe I should not say anything else until I talk to a lawyer . . mckittrick forget that lawyer crap -- you be not go anywhere until I get the truth out of you . they stare at each other in silence . suddenly , the phone ring . after a few ring , mckittrick decide to pick up . mckittrick yes. ( disbelief ) what ? ( leok at David ) I will be : right down . mckittrick hang up , stand , and turn to David . mckittrick you do not move . understand ? you stay right there . 57 . " 124° * | 125 through 129 130 131 war game - Rev. 10/1/82 omitted — david be Pov - crystal palace through 129 " 130 mckittrick be almost run to the Command balcony where General beringer be seat . David watch as mckittrick and beringer engage in a heat discussion . cabot approach . int . crystal palace - command balcony cabot what 's go on ? . richter . there 's just be a very serious penetration into we wopr execution order file . cabot let 's have it in English . beringer cut in . beringer I will give it to you in English . somebody 's get into this boy 's system and steal the code that can launch we missile . simple enough ? 131 ( continued ) 59 . 131 #5381 131 continued : 2 ) . . 7 cabot appear slightly daze . mckittrick I would like to point out there 's no immediate danger . the system ~ will not accept the launch code unless we be at defcon 1 . cabot who do this ? mckittrick we do not know yet . that kid must . be work with someone on the outside . but I can change that code in less than a hour . beringer I do not know what they be try to pull here but I do not want we bomber on the ground when it happen . beringer turn to Col. conley . cx ) beringer . ( continue ) get sac on the line and let 's go to defcon 3 . ( to aide ) and I want immediate update on Soviet submarine deployment . want to see what that bastard be up to . 132 omitted 132 133 then look up he see if 133 int . mekittrick be ' office David continue to watch the argument and to the electric sign over the big board . change from defcon 4 to defcon 3 . watch it for a beat , he suddenly make 4 decision and sit at the terminal of mckittrick 's computer . David push a entry keyeee monitor : log on -@ david : '' joshua ( continued ) war game - Rev. 9/13/82 continued : 133 there be a slight delay , then , David be startle by the familiar voice . 134 monitor : greeting professor falken david : hello , be you still playing the game ? monitor : of course . I should reach defcon 1 and launch my missile in 28 hour . would you like to see some projected kill ratios ? a series of figure jump onto the screen . david : be this a game or be it real ? _ after several second , the program finally respond . monitor : what' the difference ? David be momentarily stunne . he lower he gaze to the flicker number of the game 's time clock . monitor : game time elapsed ; 45hrs 32mins 4ysec . estimated time remaining : 27 hrs 59mins 39 secs David watch ' the countdown for a few second , then suddenly joshua resume the conversation . monitor : you be a hard man to reach . could not find you in seattle and no terminal be in operation at you classified address . be you alive or dead today ? : david : stop playing . i'm dead . monitor :| improbable . there be no death record on file for falken , stephen ww . David stare in slight confusion at the monitor . extreme closeup of the monitor : 134 and no terminal be in operation at you classified address . David type into the terminal . david : what classified address ? monitor : dod pension file indicate current mailing as : dr . ROBERT hume 5 tall cedar road : goose island , oregon 97014 we 136 o war game - Rev. 9/13/82 61 . angle 135 David stare at the address . . he 's alive ? david angle : 136 the door open behind David and wigan appear with Federal Agents ayer and stockman . see David at the monitor , wigan react . wigan get he away from that thing . ayer and stockman pull David away from the monitor . avid look , can I please talk to Mr. mckittrick ? ayer remove a pair of handcuffs as wigan begin a recitation . : david wigan look , he 's right down David lightman , I will there . it will just take be escort you to a minute , please ... Federal authority in Denver where you will be place under arrest pend indictment for espionage . david espionage ? no , look , there 's something go on here . I can explain it to Mr. mckittrick . wigan ignore David . he extend a piece of paper . wigan David ... this be a miranda . it inform you of you rights . read it over . then if you will just sign it for I , please . David sign the paper reluctantly . david the system be screw up , it 's play a game ... it 's try to start a nuclear war ... ( continued ) ss 136 136a & 136b 137 war game - Rev. 9/13/82 62 . continued : 136 wignan airman , hold he where you have he before . we will be ready to leave in a few minute . they escort he out . omitted 136a & 136 B infirmary door : 137 close solidly and the lock click into place . David stare at the door , stunne . he start pace , work himself up into a frustrated rage . he spot a 2 ' X 2 ' metal panel screw into the wall near the door . he look around the room . David go over to the sink and try the drawer below it . they be all lock except the top one . he open it . towel , gauze , adhesive tape» tongue depressor . nothing useful . he shove it close . suddenly David look back at the drawer . he pull it all the way out , and set it on the floor . he reach inside to the drawer below and start pile thing on the counter : disposable syringe , ace bandage , a hand -held cassette recorder , a stethoscope ... and a pair of tweezers . he start put thing back into the drawer , pause when he get to the cassette recorder . it have a earphone attach to the strap . David push the " play " button . bere . doctor' voice eee patient 's pupil be dilate «+. consistent when recent use of marijuana ... David shut the recorder off and slowly turn to look at the panel . CUT to : go 138 139 war game - Rev. 9/13/82 63 . infirmary ; 138 the corporal loll on the pretty nurse 's desk . corporal . I be off tomorrow night too . maybe 7 we can ge to the smorgasbord . ( grin ) all you can eat ... there 's a pounding from David 's door . the Guard slide off the desk and saunter over . corporal ( continue ; at door ) what do you want ? david' voice bathroom . it 's a long ride to Denver . the Guard hesitates , then punch out the code and open the door . _ david ( continue ) please let I talk to Doctor mckittrick , I have to tell he ... corporal look , no one 's suppose to talk to you . the FBI 's gonna be here any minute . do you have to take a leak or not ? david ( deject ) no ... the Guard shrug and pull the door close . on david - inside room , 139 he wait for the corporal 's footstep to fade , then pull the panel off the wall and set it on the floor . he reach into the open and retrieve the cassette recorder , which be wire into the lock mechanism with the earphone cord . he move the jack from input to output , rewind the machine , and push the " play " button . we hear faint tone . the door lock hum quietly and click . David open the door . he hear the nurse laughing . David peer outside the room . the corporal be listen to the nurse 's heartbeat with a stethoscope . bl 140 o . 141 142 o 143 144 145 war game - Rev. 9/13/82 64 . * infirmary 140 David slip out through the nearby door find himself in a corridor . he walk , not know what to look for except a way out . a elevator down the hall ring its bell announce the arrivial of a car . in panic David leok around and go through the nearest door just as the elevator discharge wigan and he group who head for the infirmary . close - david 141 he turn and find himself in a area under the giant spring that protect the Crystal Palace from earth - quake and near miss . he get on he hand and knee and crawl along . infirmary 142 the FBI enter and the corporal rush to open David 's door for they . he punch out the combination . silence . the door will not open . the guard eye each other and draw they weapon while the corporal try the combination again . corporal it 's just stick . do this _ sometimes . david . 143 have work he way to the main room . from where he be he can see all the activity . suddenly he attention be catch by : two payr of combat boot 144 very . shiny and very much in step . they stop about parallel with David to look at the status of the room . infirmary , 145 a whole group have assemble around the door to try to fix the lock . |. 146 147 148 149 war game - revise 9/29/82 - 65 . david '' yee be freeze in place . the boot move on and he start to crawl out when more boot come in the other direction . suddenly a different SOUND emerge . he see : ~* high -heeled wedgie - _ side by side with open-toed sandal follow by other summer shoe attach to bare leg . Colonel ' conley 's voice be hear . conley ( a bad liar ) gee , folk , I have just be inform that they be clean the floor in the computer center . do not want anyone to slip and hurt themselves s0 we be go to end the tour right here . now if I can ask you all to board the bus kind of quickly we will have a complimentary beverage wait for each of you down the . hill at the officer 's club ... the shoe start move away and David decide it 's he only shot . he scramble out onto the floor and be get to he foot . a hand : 148 grab he by the neck and pull he upright . full shot 149 the hand belong to sergeant schneider , a prince among man . sergeant hold it right there . caught ' you , do not I ? he stare at David , who be freeze with fear . sergeant you kid think you can get away with anything . you know you be not suppose to leave the group . now get go . cde david yes , sir . sorry , sir . sgt . schneider release he and David scoot to meet he new friend . eee ee ee ee * 150 151 152 153 154 '' 2s4a war game - Rev. 9/20/82 . 66 . infirmary 150 a technician kneel at the lock and remove the screw . technician I think it 's jamme from inside . - wigan . come on , David . you be just make it harder on yourself . technician '' I get it . here it come . the door start open . blast door area 151 the bus be load . David be toward the end of the line nervously check over he shoulder . infirmary 152 well what do you expect ? they be upset . wigan , all right , quick check everywhere . he can not be far . move it . tunnel : 153 the bus be go down the tunnel with David pee he pants . . omitted . 154 '' int . crystal palace - day 154a ... * the radar technician study a map . radar technician twenty -two typhoon -class sub out of the port at petropavlovsk , round * the bend at nordkap , head for . deep ocean ... bear zero nine * five degree . his attention also glue to the screen , the Officer behind the technician break he silence . ( continued ) 154a 155 through 156 157 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 continued : capt . newt Boy , it look like Ivan 's get ready to tear someone a new asshole . radar technician I know . I be beginning to feel 7 like custer 's bugler . omitted int . computer . CENTER Light pulse be see , as signal be carry along the optical fiber of the wopr machine . there be a ominous hum break by intermittent electric click . 66a . 154a 155 through 156 157 157a 158 159 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 a : 67 . int . mckittrick's office . 157a mckittrick lean over he desk with richter study a large spread of wiring diagram . he glance up as Pat healy enter . mckittrick hey , if it be not good news I do not 7 want to hear it . Pat shrug . PAT they lose the kid . he get away . mckittrick what ? PAT they have put out a all state , all point bulletin and , of course , they will get he . but for the moment , he 's loose . mckittrick I hope they blow the little bastard * away . ext . .. colorado gas . station — day . 158 a large truck pull into a gas station and David hop out . he walk to a outdoor pay phone . int . phone booth - day 159 Inside the booth David remove the receiver from the pay phone . use a small serap of wire he dig around in the mouthpiece of the receiver until he short something out . | there be a click and then a dial tone . | = with ustaccato move of he . finger , he beat . ina series of number on the receiver switch until he get a ring . : | shiver in the cold wind , David speak with a operator . | operator' voice | ( over phone ) what city , please ?... david Anderson Island , Oregon ... the number * for Doctor Robert hume ... h-u-m-e... on tall Cedar Road . David grab a bite as he wait . ( continued ) ; o 159 160 161 162 #5381 continued : '' Jennifer : operator' voice ( over phone ) check under Doctor Robert hume , h-u-m-e on tall Cedar Road . . find no list . david do that mean he do not have a phone ? | operator' voice ( over phone ) I be sorry . I be unable to find any list . david wait , try falken , Doctor Stephen falken ... fratl-rk -e-n ..- same . address . operator' voice ( over phone ) I find no list for a Doctor Stephen falken . fea-l-k-e-n , on tall Cedar Road , Goose tsland . 68 . 159 David hang up . with arm cross against the cold wind , he think for a minute . omitted int . jennifer' bedroom — day sin 'pla 3 com disco and suggestive " '' sprechstimm t n aerobics exercise dance . her face glisten with perspiration and she tank top 15 soak with sweat . as the cadence change to & series of evocative twist ing motion , the phone ring . she ignore it for sev - eral ring ; then with a loud '' damn , " she move to answer ite jennifer ( breathe hard , yeah ? annoyed ) ( continded ) 160 & 161 162 ~ 162 o 163 oo ie #5381 69 . continued : : 162 david ( over phone ) Jennifer , it 's I , David . - bavi ? jennifer 7 . avid : ext . phone booth ~ colorado gas station = day 163 David be freezing as he speak in the phone booth . david : I be in Colorado ... listen , Jennifer , can you loan I some money ? jennifer' voice what ? ( over phone ) at ? david I need a airline ticket from Grand Junction , Colorado to Salem , Oregon . int . jennifer' room , 164 Jennifer sit on the floor hold the phone . intercut with David in phone booth . a car pull up that resemble the FBI sedan . jennifer what be you do in Colorado ? I go by you house and you parent be really weird out . what 's happen ? david I will tell you later . I can not talk fight now . listen , when you buy the ticket tell they I will 's pick it up in Grand Junction , but it will have to be under a different name . Jennifer reach for a pencil and a pad from a nearby table . jennifer _ wait , I better write this all down ... # 5381 - revise 10/1/82 165 . omitted CO ) 165a int . norad - crystal palace = day — will . 1654 Soviet sub lie in wait off the coast of North America . the scoreboard above indicate a defcon 3 . the mood on the .floor - be one of intense concentration . ee up on the Command balcony , General beringer , | aatigue but still wire , listen to the communications officer read a telex from the State Department . communications officer es Sir , the Soviets be deny any } increase in they submarine I deployment . they want to know what the hell we be do i . provoking they . beringer well , they 's be full of shit . we } know they 's be down there . + 166 omitted . 166 «* 167 ' ext . salem airport — day 167 '- a commuter airplane land at the small airport . David come down the ramp from the plane among a | group of C rural traveler . 167a int . salem airport > day : 1674 i David enter the airport end ashe walk among the pas~ senger . toward the exit , noel ir of . police by . j os phe front door the pa’ : tain as. to the best 1 way to proceed , a arm toddenty . grip he and a voice speak . Jennifer . . jennifer hi , oh , '' ' I m 30 glad you make it . =. ast David face she with : a surprised . expression , she give he a sisterly hy J ( continue ) . we be worried you would not make } you connection . _ ( continued ) 167e : C ) 168 168a o 1683 168¢ # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 . 72. omitted 167e int . anderson island minibus 168 in the back row be Jennifer and David . Jennifer look alert , relaxed , happy to be on this adventure . David have be through the wringer . line of worry show as 's , he ' stare out the window . Jennifer glance at he , then really study he . he notice she look at he , david what ? she shrug , continue to look . something strike she as funny , and she giggle . jennifer you ... a Russian spy ? give I a break ! David give Jennifer a sidelong glance , with maybe a trace of pride . ext . ferry boat landing 168a ' the .bus : pull toa stop . the camera pan David and Jennifer to the ferry . ext . ferry : 168b David and Jennifer run to the gate as it be close . they plead to the gateman to open the gate . gateman .. next ferry be in two hour . david - with please !! een gateman okay . they run and jump onto the ferry . ext . ferry to anderson island 168 '' David and Jennifer huddle together on a bench , wind blow , cold . jennifer but — - why would the obituary say he be dead ? {continued ) eee 8 's * # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 . 72a. 168c continued : 168 '' * david for ( convincing himself ) C ) he 's not dead . he leave . when they know too much , they give they new identity . anyway , the computer say so . . he '' look at she quickly to see if she believe he . she 's not smile . jennifer . yeah , but ... the military 's get to know what 's go on . it 's they system . : david they do not know joshua . falken know joshua . he 's the only one . who know what it can do . it 's try to win the game we ask it to play -- for real . he give she a long look . david ( continue ) : you do not even believe I . ( . jennifer o ( nod ) yeah , I do . she hug he . david ( look at island ) he 's alive ... 168d various cut : 16sp it '' David vand : Jennifer ' run. from : dock - ferry to . Anderson Island . they walk on the island look for falken 's house . 169 omitted : 169 * 169a 169a * 170 171 172 173 174 175 #5381 73 . ext . ferryboat ~ day 170 David and Jennifer stare anxiously ahead as the boat near the dock on Goose Island . ext . ferry dock - goose island - day 171 without wait for the car , David and Jennifer sprint ahead , onto the island . ext . woodland road - goose island — day | 172 David and Jennifer walk on a paved road , heavily wood on both side . see a batter road sign , they turn off onto a dirt lane mark tall Cedar Road . glimpsis of water can be see through the tree . angle 173 in the deeper gloom of the wood , David and Jennifer arrive at a high overgrown cyclone fence that surround a large section of waterfront property . the batter mailbox read hume . . there be no sign that anyone be there . he peer through the gate which be lock with a large chain . david come on ... ext . rocky waterfront = day 174 David and Jennifer move along a rock outcropping that stretch down to the water . the fence surround the house have erode away where it reach the tidal mud flat . they ease themselves into the soft mud and move around the outside of the fence enter the property . of as theyslop through calf - deep muck towards a place . where they can regain the shore , a dark form suddenly swoops out of the sky , pass a few foot above Jennifer 's head . she flinch and fall into the mud . stare up in shocked disbelief , David see : angle i75 a pterosaur . a extinct fly reptile , with leathery wing that span nearly eight foot , glide past . as Jennifer and David scramble for cover on the mud flat , the creature bank , turn , and swoops by again , pass poly inch from David 's face as he swing at it . side of a rock outcropping . finally , it gracefully glide to the lone figure of a man apparently its * . David and Jennifer slog towards the shoreline where falken , dress in a dark , rain slick material , hold he creature . a eccentricity , a flamboyance , and a - disregard for the conventional as immediately evident from he action and attitude . . falken '' x greeting . I be sorry I startle - you ... just imagine , the sky be , . once fill with they . - we be look for Dr. hume . ~~ ah , you have read my mailbox . splendid ! be either of you paleontologist ? I pray God - would send meat paleontologist . . '' pu zzle ) - you ' be ' Stephen falken , be not you ? falken turn and begin walk away . eo reh sige be 3 sust there you will find . a path which lead to a length of chain link fence follow the fence until you come to agate . open the gate , exit the - property , and please give it a yes : sien so i lock meu you . k oe you hurry , you just make , siz - thirty ferry to the mainland . - bat 178 continued : falken = '' . but how can I help you , eld ... . fellow ? after all , . i 's dead . ~ " pavip . I be here because of josh ~ falken study he for a minute ' palken ' why do n*t you both come ap to the house ? '' B 4to David ) . ~ and then maybe you can tell -.me how you know joshua . - : | } | | | ! i * mga 4 a : t L. : ef - 179 bett through = ( 183 ro , .. 184 E - 385 omitted int . crystal palace - floor . a wailing signal bring a senior controller to ebrupt attention . on he radar scope , two blip appear ovez Alaska head towards the U.S. as he assistant check for malfunction and report '' high confidence , '' he hold a light gun to the blip on the scope . the word " unknown " flash on the screen . °- not : oo radar technician {into intercom ) .. . 2 radar report two unknown . - track ... penetrate alaskan Air ~~ Defense Zone . Flight profile suggest Soviet backfire bomber ... ~ command balcony - beringer * ( to Colonel conley ) '' I want a visual confirmation on this . scramble some interceptor to take a look . «/*~ he watch the approach blip on the board . not it. ( calculate ) = they flight path will put then right over pave paw . : colonel conlet . if they knock it out , we will not be able to detect b laun 186 187 187a 1884 188b #5381 77 . continued : 185 beringer ( cont 'd ) ( slam he hand down ) : I know they be down there . - let 's go to defcon two . and I want to talk to that flight leader myself . close on scoreboard 186 the defcon move from 3 to 2 . angle - wall display 187 the symbol for two pair of F - 15 jet interceptor head towards the unknown blip . : ext . two f-15 jets : . 187 as they streak across the sky - int . f- 15 188 flight leader Crystal Palace , this be Delta foxtrot twomseven . I have negative radar contact . repeat . negative Soviet aircraft . int . command balcony 188 beringer two-seven , this be brass hat . '' they be right in front of you . '' you be almost on top of they ... General beringer stop in mid-sentence as the two unknown blip on the big board suddenly race westward and disappear . the interceptor continue alone on the screen . int . f-15 1883 flight leader ( v.0 . ) brass hat , we have get nothin’ on radar an’ forty mile visibility . there 's nothing out there , General . just blue sky . CUT to : 190 i191 o war game - revise 11/2/82 7 78 . computer CENTER - close on the wopr machine 189 its optical fiber flicker , the machine hum as it continue to perfect its plan for win World War III . omitted 190 int . falken' house - live room - night falken be thread a 16 mm projector . Jennifer , wear a oversize flannel shirt , sit quietly while David speak with falken . jennifer you have not really be listen , have you ? falken yes . I have . I love it when you nuke Las Vegas . a fine biblical end for the place . david but : be not you go to call they and explain what joshua 's do ? falken listen child . once upon & time , a long time ago there live a magnificient race of animal who dominate the world through age after age . falken get up and go to the projector , turn it on . falken ( cont would ) they run and they swim and they fight and they fly until suddenly , guite a short time ago really , they disappear . . nature just give up vand start again . we be not . even ape then , just smart little rodent hide in the rock . and when we go , nature will start again , with the bee probably . nature know when to give up , David . david well , I be not give up . if joshua make they launch a attack , it 's be you fault . { continued ) '' 92 war game - revise 11/2/82 continued : falken my fault ? the whole point be to find a way to practice nuclear war without actually destroy ourselves . let the computer learn from mistake we could not afford to make . but I could never get joshua to learn the most important lesson . david what 's that ? falken futility . that there 's a time when it 's useless to try anymore . jennifer what kind of a lesson be that ? falken do not you see , it 's like when a child play nought and cross , tic-tac-toe . at first he play it over and over , then suddenly he give up . you know why . jennifer I do not know , it 's boring . it 's always a tie . . falken there 's no way to win . the game itself be pointless . but back at the war room they believe you can win @ nuclear war . that there can be acceptable loss . david so you give up and decide to play . dead . falken for security reason , they graciously arrange my death . do you know that no land animal with a body weight of over fifty pound gurvive that age ? extinction be part of the natural order . david . bullshit . if we be extinguish that 's not natural . it 's just stupid . ( continued ) 79 . isi war game - revise 11/2/82 . bo . - 81 . 191 continued ( 2 ) : . 191 oo o falken it 's alright , I have plan ahead ; we be just three mile from a primary target . a millisecond of brilliant light and we be vaporize . much more fortunate than the million who will wander sightless through the smolder aftermath . we will be spare the horror of survival . david so you will not even make a simple phone call . jennifer if the real joshua be still alive you would do it . falken we might gain a few year , perhaps time enough for yee . to have a son . but humanity care ' lly plan it 's own destruction — ~ I can not stop that . . david this be unreal . you know what ? death mean nothing to you because you be dead already . what be the last thing you really care about ? , falken you have miss the last ferry . you can sleep on the floor . o #5381 82 . 192 angle 192 when falken have leave , David cross to the door and open it . he step out into a heavy rush of wind . 192a angle - balcony - night '' oo , 192a from the top of the stair , falken quietly , study the now empty live room . os 193 ext , falken' house — night 193 David and Jennifer move away from the house into the ' surround night . 193a int . norad - crystal palace - day : 193a Soviet sub have move closer off both coast . other symbol show Soviet troops amass in East Germany , bomber on alert throughout the Eastern bloc . the scoreboard show a defcon 2 . the battle staff nervously monitor the inflow of stra - tegic information as General beringer brief the White House by phone on the current status . ' beringer we have forty - eight nuclear sub close in on the U.S. from this point . there be Soviet troops mass in East Germany and we be monitoring they bomber on alert . yes , sir , we will keep you inform as we get new information . _ aide - ( hold telex ) 'e Intelligence report rumor of ' acnew Soviet bomber with stealth capability , it can project a false radar image six hundred mile away from the real aircraft . beringer Christ , they have get we chase ; shadow . 193b int . computer CENTER ~ close on the wopr machine 1933 humming quietly in its darken chamber below . the glass fiber surround it begin to flicker . as they scramble ' along the shore , David squin desperately into . the blackness . be stop , angry and frustrated . . what kind of a asshole life on a island and do not even have a boati ' jennifer | * maybe we could swim . . how far . do you think it be ? . david . two , three mile at least . maybe more . ~ a whaddya think ? let 's go for it . she kick off she shoe , start for the water . ieee - ( pause ) _ coe can not ouin. , ge al jennifer ( increduously ) ° you can not swim ? - just ' decause you nre wonder woman ! jennifer ( cont 'p ) what. kind of a asshole grow up in Seattle and do not even know I never get arpund to it , okay ! there be always gonna be plenty . 94a continued : David nod silently , ' sit 5 heavity '' by ' the whore , '' gtates out into the night . Jennifer study deeply affect . - oa : '. DaVID E. ' . I wish I do not know about any of eh this . I wish I be like everybody va else in the world . and then , E tomorrow = at would just ... be vos. : over. oss '' ss . ( look ap ) . . and then there would not be time ' leave to be sorry - about + anything . none L e . david ( cor 'd ) but Jesus , I do want to learn of how to swim . I swear to God I do . '' = . - . reo : : a : . Jennifer manage a tiny smile . she sit next to he . jennifer next week ... ( the idea sound strange to she ) . next week ... I be go to be on tv . david you be ' kid . sast on that aerobics show in the afternoon , with some of pe girl in my class . stupid , 2 . I mean , nobody would the a " pxvib qeowr ' D ) - I do not want to die . I never ven kiss a girl and mean it t until today : ene war game - ' pevise 10/26/82 . '' she stare back , beginning to tremble imperceptibly . slowly , she take he hand . David search she eye ~:** _ with a ( ' Silent guestion which she inmediately understand ' wrap themselves in each other and he the ground . so . war game - revise 10/2 : 6/82 * g the shore . 3 they move al : skiff , he race towards it . as he yank # pow line to pelt the closer , he see that it be full of water . ~ ile he debate bail it out , the thup - thup of a . helicopter be hear in the distance . _ Jennifer turn . David glance around and the SOUND disappear in the sighing of the wind . he fish through a pile of rusty : junk look for a can that will hold water . suddenly , there be a roar and he spin ground . —.-. 0 : : 196 angle oe the helicopter roar over the tree top , come ..-°. straight at they . the powerful beam of the landing light sweep the ground ahead , and finally spot chem . for a split second , they_are blind , unable to move , : then they turn and run along the beach , ' stumbling over - driftwood and rubble as they attempt to escape the pur = suing chopper . they fall and the machine swoops past , - send up a huge '' oud of windblown sand . ~ : david . that. bastard turn we in . ( 197 angle '' oy ses they look up to see it make a turn , come back of : what seem a final pass , the , suddenly , it stop , hang in the air , hover for several second . it begin drift slowly , ominously , towards thes : '' 198 angle os David scramble to he foot , lift Jennifer , make a break for it . the chopper settles down on '' ground in front of they . '' ss. not a : rp zb. # 5381 84 . 200 angle 200 C - ) they react and race forward towards the helicopter . : falken pull Jennifer aboard , then David as it lift off into the night sky . 201 omitted ~ , - 201 through . through 207 : 207 208 int . crystal palace 208 a rlaxon suddenly shatter the tense silence . communications officer ( loudspeaker ) we have a launch detection ... we have a launch . detection . a map of the Soviet Union flash onto one of the screen . Three hundred missile launch appear , scattered through the Russian heartland and from sub - marine . the battle floor erupt into activity . voice overlap oo as we pick up the communication flooding in and out of 7 ) cheyenne Mountain : technician on the floor »-«. bmews have confirm a massive attack . «e+ missile warning ... no malfunction . 'e confidence be high . I repeat , confidence be high . «+. cobra dane , be this a vexercise ? «ss negative , this be not a exercise . 209 command balcony 209 as the klaxon wail , the battle staff rush through they carefully rehearse sequence of crisis response . General beringer 's aide hang up a phone and turn to the General . ee ( continued ) 209 o 210 o 210a _ through 214 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 . 85 . ' continued : 209 capt . newt General , dsp be tracking three hundred inbound Soviet icbm . General beringer look over at : angle 210 mckittrick hurry toward the Command balcony . beringer ( shout to mckittrick ) tell I this be one of you simulation . mcckittrick Jack , I wish I could . no one 's run anything down there . beringer {to Colonel conley ) you better flush the bomber and get the sub ready . we be at defcon 1 . the scoreboard click to 1 -- war . CUT to : omitted 210a through 214 * 215 216 through 221 222 #5381 , 86 . int . norad - crystal palace 215 mckittrick stand behind major lem at the wopr terminal as Major lem read the analysis of the attack . major lem _ initial attack . profile : massive - Soviet counterforce strike . anticipate loss : eighty -five : to ninety - five percent of we land base strategic force . | beringer what 's the wopr recommend ? a map show the recommend target in the Soviet Union appear on the right screen of the board . mckittrick full-scale retaliatory strike , concentrate on enemy command , strategic and industrial target . beringer ( under he breath ) I need a machine to tell I that ? omitted 216 through 221 angle -command balcony 222 colonel conley the President be on he way to andrew to join airborne Command . Sir , we have get to give he a launch option . | : beringer have he be in contact with the Premier ? colonel conley the Soviets continue to deny everything . beringer and mckittrick exchange a look . suddenly : voice . ( over p.a. ) we have a submarine laonch detection . ( continued ) ) 222 222a 2228 222¢ #5381 87 . continued : 222 beringer look to see newly launch wave of sub launch missile close in on both U.S. coastline . he make he decision . - beringer let 's go into a launch mode . Close up the mountain . ext . mountain road - dawn 222a the jeep caravan have advanced into a area of steep meadow land . snowcappe peak can be see in the b.g. angle 2228 suddenly as the trio round the curb , a Air Force truck can be see head towards they . as it slide to a stop , block the road , a airman gesture frantically at the jeep . airman hey , go back . everybody 's get to divert to shelter area four . there 's some really strange shit go ..on . travis this man be on top priority . I be take they to norad command . airman no way , sergeant . barricade be up on the main road , and they be gonna button up the mountain . david ; can n't.we go around the barricade ' or - through they ? ' travis we can sure as hell try -- hang on . angle 2220 the lead jeep suddenly pull off the road and race down a steep embankment while David , Jennifer and falken hang on . ( continued ) o 222¢ 223 through 226 227 228 228a #5381 ' 88 . continued : 2220 with the other vehicle bounce behind in a futile attempt to keep up , Travis speed across a wide meadow , then climb a steep embankment on the other side . at the top of a crest , the jeep leap into the air and disappear behind a ridge . omitted vote 223 through 226 int . crystal palace 227 at a group of monitor to one side of the Crystal Palace , a lieutenant and a sergeant run @ checklist as they prepare to seal the mountain . lieutenant initiate internal power . sergeant | generator on and function . . lieutenant disconnect external power ... sergeant external power disconnect . lieutenant seal off ventilation shaft ... sergeant shaft lock seal . ext . road approaching norad 228 the jeep with falken , David and Jennifer suddenly / appear , leaping ovez a embankment onto the road . | Travis emit a loud " yahoo . " falken glance at David who hang on for he life . speed shifting up through the gear the jeep race toward the norad entrance . , ext . norad 228a the jeep crash through the gate and veer out of control , wiping out a Golden penaflex and soiling everyone 's linen . it come to rest on if side . ( fs 229 o 230 e #5381 89 . close on jeep . 2288 David pile out and lean down to Jennifer . david _ be you okay . be you okay ! jennifer yeah , I think so . david well get the hell out of there . let 's go - : everyone scramble from the jeep and race on foot for the tunnel . int . norad tunnel 229 the group race down the tunnel as the huge blast door be close . a anxious PAT healy be wait with security badge . PAT healy ( to Guards ) they be clear ... they be clear . without hesitation , falken , David , Jennifer and healy rush through just before the heavy door clunk shut . int . crystal palace ~ command balcony , 230 the battle staff prepare for the upcoming combat con dition notify the various civilian and military , defense post throughout the world by phone and radio . major lem ( to beringer ) all '' wing ' report missile target and enable , await launch code . colonel conley ( over loudspeaker ) we be in a launch mode . beringer turn to mckittrick , then : '' beringer ( to Major lem ) lock out change . Major lem type the instruction into the terminal . ( continued ) 3 oo 232 opa and 2328 232c " 233 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 , 90 . continued : 230 the screen display : missile targeted and enabled - _ ghange locked out CUT to : int . norad corridor 231 Pat healy race with falken , David and Jennifer . running ahead , healy open the double door lead into the Crystal Palace . int . crystal palace 232 as Pat healy rush up to the Command balcony , falken aze around the command center of the globa avtomate dpattlefield he help create . with David and Jennifer hang behind he , he slowly approach the big board . they both gaze at the wave of income missile . omitted 232a and 2328 angle " 232 '' lo. dougherty , '' ( to General beringer ) General , dsp be still tracking three - hundred in bound icbm presently mirving to approximately | - two.thousand four . hundred | impact ' point . | beringer pale in reaction to the statement . | mckittrick storm towards falken and David . | angle 233 mckittrick . . Stephen , I do not know what the hell you think , you be gonna be '' able to do here ... * ( continued ) ~ to # 5381 - revise 3720/82 ' 91 . 233 continued : 233 falken John , how good to see you . I ) see the wife still pick you tie . mckittrick look , I do not know what this kid -- - have tell you ... falken it 's all a bluff , John . mckittrick this be not a bluff , this be real . everything be ready for the President to order a counterstrike and we be advise he to do it immediately . falken brushes past mckittrick . he call out to General beringer . he have to yell to make himself hear . falken hello ... General beringer . beringer falken , well , you pick a hell of a day to visit . falken . oq General ... what you see on this '' screen up here be a fantasy . a computer enhance hallucination . that blip be not real missile ... they be phantom . 234 '' angle 234 General beringer stare down at falken and David . mckittrick | ( to beringer ) | : ' Jack , ihave absolutely no.indication . | of a simulation run . airman field two minute until impact . david General , you system be try to - bluff you . it 's try to get you to launch a attack because it can not ljaumch one on its own . colonel conley {to beringer ) S sir? airborne Command . ( continued ) 234 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 92 . continued : 234 beringer look at the phone in conley 's hand and then to mckittrick . David step up beside falken . Jennifer be by he side . - mckittrick Jack , we have check and re-check everything ... everything 's work perfectly . falken interrupt he . falken but do it make any sense ? beringer do what make any sense ? falken ( indicate board ) that . General , be you prepare to destroy the enemy ? beringer yes , fully . falken do you think they know that ? beringer ( sarcastically ) I believe we have make it about as _clear as we could . falken then do not . tell the President to tide ovt the attack . . airman field : * ninety .second . | , colonel conley . ( insistent ) | | Sir , they need a decision . falken General . do you really believe that the enemy would attack without rovocation , with so many missile , omber and sub , 50 we would have no choice but to totally annihilate - they ? General , you be listen to a machine . do the world a favor and do not act like one . ( continded ) ie ) #5381 93 . continued : ( 2 ) 234 General beringer stare at the swarm of warhead move toward they target . he turn slowly and take the phone that Colonel conley hold out to he . a - beringer : yes , Mr. President . ( look down at falken ) Sir , at this point in time I can not positively confirm the inbound . there 's reason to believe they may not exist . ( listen yes , sir , that 's affirmative . ( pause ) yes , sir , so dol . . he hand the phone back to Colonel conley and take a deep breath . beringer ( continue ) who 's first and how soon ? major lem ( at siop ) initial impact point -- loring Air Force base in Maine , three - nineteenth bomb wing at Grand fork and alaskan Air Command headquarters at elmendorf . | Impacts project in just a little over one minute , sir . beringer ( to Colonel conley ) get I the senior controller at each station . I want to talk to they myself ... Colonel conley instantly punch up the various command post on he console panel . a alert warble emanate from the phone in front of he as three red light ink. on . colonel conley . ( into phone ) all station this be Crystal Palace — stand by for a message from brass hat . General beringer pick up he phone as one by one the voice be hear over the loudspeaker , voice of man who be try to remain calm . ( continued ) & #5381 7 revise 9/20/82 94 . continued : 234 lt . col . bower ( v.0 . ) elmendorf Air Force base , | Operations , lievtenant Colonel bower . : . col . chase ( v.0 . ) Three - nineteenth bomb wing , oo Operations , Colonel chase . 7 airman dougherty ( v.0 . ) ( quavering adolescent voice : uh ... this be loring Air Force base ... uh , the senior controller be not here right now . beringer ( smile ) that 's all right . who be you ? . airman dougherty ( v.0 . ) Sir , this be airman dougherty , Site beringer this be General beringer at norad . the current situation . +- ( start again we be tracking approximately twenty - four hundred inbound Soviet warhead ... however , at this time we cannot confirm this . I repeat , we ' can not confirm this . we be estimate impact at ~~ airman field twenty - five second . : '' beringer we be right there with you , buy : we have take all the step we. can . stand by to launc’ missile on my command . from one of the open line come the faint SOUND of someone crying . beringer ( continue ) stay on this channel as long 3 possible . we will be stand by - the entire combat Operations Center fall silent . ( continued ) 234 235 236 # 5381 - revise 9/20/82 - 95s continued : ( 2 ) 234 airman field six second , sir . five ... four ... everyone watch the center board . the arc of the lead warhead approach they target . beringer glance at David and falken . beringer I hope to shit you be right . angle - wall display 235 they hit silently . angle - crystal palace . 236 after a pause , General beringer look at Colonel conley . colonel conley ( into phone ) this be Crystal Palace , be you still on ? Dead silence . colonel conley this i ( continuings plead ) be be Crystal Palace , be you still on ? be anyone there ? a burst of static . suddenly : -_ lo. col , bower ( v.0 . ) that 's affirmative , sir . airman dougherty ( v.0 . ) xeah we be here . Jesus H. Christ , '' be still here . pee dp on the status board the impact keep come , cover the entire continent . colonel conley ( excited ) : dur board be confirm impact — 'o colonel chase ( y.0 - ) no , sir , no et . we be alive misei ( continued ) 236 237 238 239 240 ‘241 242 #5381 . 96 . continued : 236 General beringer throw up he fist triumphantly . the tension on the battle floor erupt into a raucous cheer . - beringer ~ ( to Colonel conley ) recall the bomber and let 's stand the missile down . angle . 237 David , note that falken be no longer beside he , glance around . david' Pov 238 the huge electronic display tower above falken as he wander along the front of the room . oblivious to the atmosphere of celebration , he gaze thoughtfully at the display of technology which he help create . the map of the United States continve to be obliterate by the rain of nuclear detonation . angle 239 David with Jennifer move toward falken . they stand together observe the scene . angle a 240 mckittrick glare at falken , David and the girl , onder a host of unanswer question . after a eat , he start towards they . angle :> ' command balcony : 241 a ebullient General beringer and he aide congratulate themselves and the team on the floor . as Colonel conley order the bomber and submarine force back , Major lem type instruction into the wopr console . close on major lem 242 bis smile fade quickly as he try to log onto the system . ( continued ) 243 245 97 . #5381 continued : 242 major lem ( to Colonel conley ) would you get I Dr. mckittrick _right away . : angle 243 falken note mckittrick 's approach . falken uh , oh , let 's all get out of here before he offer . we something to eat . mckittrick be about to speak to falken when @ technician seat at a console stop he . technician Doctor mckittrick ... Major lem . he hand mckittrick a headset . angle - major lem 244 major lem ( into headset ) . Sir — something very strange 15 happen . the wopr refuse to let I log back on . I can not get in to stand down the missile or recall the bomber . 245 angle — mckittrick ustare at falken . mckittrick ( into headset ) hold on . ye turn to a terminal next to he and hit the '' enter™ keyoee monitor : log on mckittrick : - 7q201 mckittrick ( continued ) 246 247 248 #5381 98 . continued : 245 monitor : identification not recognized . you have be DI sconnected . mckittrick .- - ( continue ; to falken ) Stephen , it 's not let we back in . CUT to : int . computer CENTER 246 richter sit at he console , surround by a team of frantic technician . richter ( on phone ) I know , it 's weird . no one can get back on . we be try everything : it 's like the entire password ile have be wipe out . int . crystal palace 247 David , Jennifer and falken stand near mckittrick . David look at the board . : : david ; what be that ? : 4 mckittrick look up at the board . a series of ten random number and letter flash on the lower gereen , change 80 rapidly that the digit be urre . wmekittrick look at David , then back at the screen , & grow look of '' dread on his face . mcrittrick Christ , the launch codesee . . jennifer what be they ? falken look like joshua be get ready to send up the real missile . — bo minuteman missile launch capsule — aerial view - 248 it 's the same site we baw in the beginning . we be moving down toward it .-- 249 ou 350 251 252 o 253 #5381 99 . omitted 249 250 int . launch capsule : . 251 we keep moving ... it look the same as it do ... except that the chair for the missile commander be not there anymore ... there 's no one inside the capsule . missile launch console - tight on the console's 252 computer screen where the ten missile control by this capsule have they status display : missile enabled tarcet selection complete time on target sequence complete yield selection complete : change locked out ' the only thing need to launch the missile be the launch code , which would appear at the bottom of the computer screen . suddenly ten bold white character — — three letter , four digit , three letter — appear at the bottom of the screen , change rapidly , in seemingly random order . . CUT to : int . norad compdter CENTER ' 253 pavl richter lead a team of jumpsuite technician through the cavernous facility , open up ocess unit , probing circuitry , frantically search for electronic clue . - richter speak into a walkie-talkie . richter we have check the random number generator , but they be not even run . I have no idea ... it could tome from anywhere . int . crystal palace floor 234 {on phone ) keep look . ( continued ) 254 255 #5381 100 . continued : : 254 he give up he headset and hurry to the Command balcony . angle ~ command balcony '' _ 255 there be a atmosphere of confusion as mckittrick arrive . 7 mckittrick the machine have lock we out , it 's still try to launch that missile . PAT healy ( nose in calculator ) there 's a eighty percent chance of it find the bunch code in six minute . beringer . just unplug the goddamn thing . Jesus Christ !! mckittrick we can not . it would interpret any shut down as if this facility be destroy in a attack . the computer at the silo will cerry out they last instruction , whic be to launch . beringer mckittrick , after careful consideration I be prepare to tell you that you new defense system suck . . mckittrick ' iodo not have to take that ... you pig-ey son of a bitch . beringer I be hope you would come up with something better than that . man of you education . - colonel conley General ... it 's the President . General beringer sigh and cross to conley . ( continded ) # 5381 255 continued : o mckittrick what be you go to tell he ? . beringer 7 ( reluctantly ) ) to order the bomber back to they fail - safe —- we may have to go ) through with this after all . CUT to : 256 omitted 257 . int . missile silo - matte 101 . 255 — 256 257 a sixty -foot - deep chasm contain the three -stage , six - foot - wide , 78,000 pound minuteman iit icbm wait for the code which will send it and its nine megaton war - head 15,000 mph to its target 6,000 mile away . : on a nearby console , the random number flicker away . '' 258 omitted 259 int . norad - crystal palace the random number be run out rapidly . turn to falken . mckittrick Stephen , try and get back in . falken ! how can ie -.? you have take ovt my password . david . maybe it will open up for something it 's interested in . mckittrick what ? david it like to play game . maybe it will want to play a game . es falken grin at David 's ingenuity . 258 259 mckittrick ( continded ) 259 a '' Z ~ t ! I | I } 260 | t } ; oo '' 261 #5381 102. continued : 259 falken you try it . . mckittrick . for Christ sake , Stephen — jennifer no , let he . he know how . he 's play it before . falken he can hardly do worse than you have , John . angle - major lem at wopr terminal 260 system programmers be throw out suggestion to Major lem , who type into the terminal , willing to try anything . ' programmers see feed it a tapeworm ... '' 7 no , too risky -- might crash the system — — see how would the kid get in ... the back door ... '' - we take it out — e+e shit. can we invade the deep logic ? , ~~ we keep hit a damn firewall — monitor : identification not recognized . you have be disconnected . angle 261 falken , mckittrick , David and jenifer approach . David pushes through the crowd to Major lem and bpeak quietly . david have it list game . Major lem look over he shoulder at the kid , puzzle , then at mckittrick , who nod . mckittricr try it , Bill . jennifer not he . you should do it David . ( continued ) #5381 : 103 . 31 sontinued : 261 {) the game list appear —- the list David first reach =~ from he bedroom ~- project on the huge center screen of the big board . : } monitor : falken' maze black jack ! checker } chess fighter combat ) desert warfare theatrewide tactical warfare | global thermonuclear war ! as David speak , Major lem type . | david ' chess . | lem : chess ; . monitor : identification not recognized , david ( continue ) | . poker. oo ) " lem : poker monitor : identification not recognized david ( continue ) shit . . the security system will not let anything through . he stare at the list , get a idea . : david ( continue ) Global thermonuclear war . lem : global thermonuclear war monitor : game rodtine running _ david ( continue ) stop game routine . lem : stop game routine | monitor : improper instruction . | routine must complete before reset . | you have be disconnected . i ( continied ) 104 . 261 #5381 continued : ( 2 ) * : the screen go blank . one of the programmers be im _ / patient to try a new approach . David stand , frus - trate , at the balcony railing , watch the furious activity below . he look to falken and then to the random number which be run out rapidly on the ! lower screen of the big board . ! jennifer come on David ... you do it . ' 962 on david 262 ) he 's stare at the board . suddenly , he turn back to Major lem at the wopr , shouting excitedly . david put the game list back up . i major lem we try that — : david ' __. ( vehement ) put it up . ( to falken ) it 's not on the list ! falken what ? Major lem obey David and the Games list flash onto the screen . Davis lean over the terminal and furiously hit the eys . david : tic -tac -toe : '' David stare into the screen as if he 's try to pull : joshua out by force of will ... it 's a battle ... finally — four familiar straight line from childhood shine onto the screen . falken 's eye brighten with anticipation . joshua : one or two player ? please list number of player : . the tic - tac -toe grid illuminate the center screen of ~ the big board , and begin to draw the attention of the people on the floor and the balcony . ( continued ) 262 ( 263 264 #5381 , 105 . continued : 262 mckittrick you be in ! order it to disarm the missile and cease random function _ immediately . Major lem take over and obey . tic - tac - toe vanish . joshua : improper instruction . change locked out . you have be disconnected . the screen go blank . David type into the terminal . the game reappear . mckittrick ( incredulous ) you be go to play it ? joshua : one or two player ? list number of player : david : one joshua : X or 0 ? X goe first 3-in-a-row win a voice shout from the floor " X in the center square . " david : x ' joshua : you move he make he move . a o appear instantly in one corner . '' angle '' + general ' beringer toe 263 from he position at the rear of the Command balcony , General beringer gaze in amazement at the display on the board . ' angle - david 264 joshua : stalemate . . would you care to play again ? voice from the floor you can not win . ( continued ) '' #5381 106 . continued : 264 david ' . ( shouting ) I know that . it do not ... ( pause ) . - - it have not learn . David turn to mckittrick . david ( continue ) be there any way to make it play against itself ? mckittrick draw a blank . so do Major Len . , falken yes . wumber of player : Zero . David request a new game . it ask the number of player .. David glance around the Crystal Palace , at the face look up . he take a deep breath and hit the key . david : zero a X appear in the center of the grid . o 's and X 's fill in the square to a stalemate . the move vanish . : another X , follow by another sequence of move . stalemate . again ... again ... again ... again ... again ... again ... David watch the big board , repeatedly hit the enter key as if try to prompt joshua . , '' david ... come on . learn , goddamnit . General beringer silently approach the group gather behind David at the console . the pace be pick up gradually as the no-win loop consume more and more system power ... move appear and be wipe ovt with a increase frequency ... until the huge grid be fill with a blur of dueling symbol ... the X be in the center square flickering more rapidly as the program play out hundred of game per second . : major lem the random number be slow downs . : ( continded ) 265 266 267 #5381 107 . continued : ( 2 ) 264 richter ( amaze ) it 's catch in a loop ... force it to draw more and more power - from the rest of the system ... the strobe effect increase in velocity electrify the expression of everyone look on in the darken war room . on falken 265 at a slight distance from all the activity , falken watch in the flicker light with the slight trace of a smile . on david 266 he 's enjoy the show . the crystal palace 267 begin to glow ... the whole place light up by the inter sity of the dueling symbol ... there 's a brilliant flash . the screen go dark . david uh oh . suddenly , giant projection of the entire world fill all twelve screen . at blinding speed , the two super power . repeatedly play out world war III on the global adtomate battlefield . bomber : race across the globe . volley of missile launch and impact in second , mushroom cloud spread across the two land mass . each nuclear exchange scenario always end in the total destruction of both side . beringer ( to mckittrick in awe ) what 's it do ? david it 's learn ... suddenly the world war end . the random womber click to a halt . ( continded ) ; 267a 108 . 267 #5381 continued : the Crystal Palace be silent . the screen light up again . joshua : - greeting professor falken david : hello joshua : a strange game . the only winning move be not to play . falken 's eye be fix on the screen . joshua : how about a nice game of chess ? Jennifer laugh at the idea . David look up and turn to falken . the first bar of the end title song be hear as falken gently smile at joshua 's invitation . falken look over at David . they exchange snile . int . arcade - day 267a as the song continue , David wander slowly through the arcade in which we first encounter he . he seem strangely more mature , more at ease , less frenetic than the youth who obsessively play computer game around he . his reverie be interrupt by the appearance of Jennifer . he smile . they speak . she coax @ laugh , then she whisper something and he laugh again . as the song continue , computer imagery blend with the. play world of joshua . the excitement of military personnel , play the game on the big board can read in they expression and the computer imagery 0 the Crystal Palace and ' the play world : of the arcade , link by the lyric of the song provide in a bizarre counterpoint the jronic union between game of power and destruction both large and small . omitted 268 - thrs 276 fade out . the end