warm spring written by Margaret nagle shoot draft : 9.14.2004 fade in : ext . a body of water - late afternoon 1 1 a glimpse of sunlight desperately try to force its way through a gray sky before be obliterate . 4 a man , sunburn and bearded , let himself fall from the edge of a boat and into the ocean . D underwater , through shaft of light , white limb be flailing . the man struggle , alone . bubbles stream upward . he break the surface and gasp for air . he begin to swim . his massive arm and shoulder grab at the tide in large , hard stroke . his leg and foot be bury beneath the dark ocean water . ext . houseboat - continuous 2 2 a float tenement . a crane lower a fishing net into the water . the man swim into it . the net be raised as he lay , motionless , within its grip . ext . boat deck - continuous 3 3 the crane swing around with the man in the net . he be emptied out onto the deck like a fish . ahivering on the rotting wooden plank he flip himself over on he stomach . slowly , use the palm of he hand , he drag he trunk and withere limb across the deck in a labor lobster - walk . he use he chest muscle to swing he leg around the edge of the boat . they dangle like piece of rope , he foot white and flaccid . a towel , a bottle and a glass be wordlessly place next to he by a crew person . he pour himself a generous amount of scotch and begin drink . issolve to : int . HOTEL suite - night 4 the same man be illuminate by the light of a single candle . he be dance , hold on tightly to a woman . 2 . though the light be dim it be clear that he be clean shaven , with he hair neatly trim . they connection be powerful and alive . they stop dance , overwhelm with mutual desire . he hold the woman 's face in he hand and kiss it all over , move into a realm of feel that be foreign to he . he kiss she passionately on the mouth . man oh , my dear ... his finger run softly over the outside of she breast . she begin to undo the back of she dress and slip it down around she ankle . wearing only she tight corset she bring he hand to the lace and together they undo it . woman ( whisper softly ) it 's all right , darling . it 's all right . int . hallway - morning 5 5 oscar , a manservant , be carry both a silver tray and a pair of pants over he extend arm . a voice ( o.s. ) oscar ! where the devil be you ? deftly , oscar open the door to a spacious bedroom . oscar my apology , Mr. Roosevelt . int . bedroom - continuous 6 6 there with he bare leg , muscular and lean , sport black sock hold up with garter be franklin delano roosevelt , 39 . he project a natural elegance and the confidence of a man who can have anything he want . right now ... he want he pants . franklin I have be stand here for five minute . oscar offer the tray to Franklin which bear cuff link and a Tiffany watch which Franklin grab . 3. oscar do you sleep well , sir ? franklin do not remember . that 's good , be not it ? oscar yes , sir . Franklin take he pants from oscar and step into they , pull the suspender up and over he shoulder . 7 7 int . dine room - morning stride into the dining room , Franklin lift a silver lid off a breakfast plate . he dismiss it and instead pour himself a cup of coffee from a silver pot on the sideboard . he overhear a voice from the nearby sit room . woman ( o.s. ) I could not be more delighted to have receive you most charming letter . it have be far too long since we last correspond . however , it be with great reluctance I must decline you kind speak invitation ... 8 8 int . sitting room - continuous eleanor roosevelt , 34 , be dictating a letter . her enormous eye , liquid and blue , reveal a woman of extraordinary intelligence and depth . eleanor unfortunately , I would be of little assistance to the junior Assistance League . particularly if my purpose be to appear as a alumna who be gift at public speak . she be dictating to lucy mercer , 27 , deeply feminine with a head of soft dark hair and a accommodate nature . she be Eleanor 's social secretary and close friend . she be also the woman dance with Franklin the night before . lucy and what do you really want I to say ? eleanor thank you and if you ask again I shall scream ? 4. they share a laugh -- which be not share by the homely rumple mess of a man drape over a sofa in the corner . louis why do not you ask you husband for some pointer ? he 's a pretty gift public speaker , do not you think ? louis howe , 48 , be a wizen man of limited stature and unlimited soul . Franklin 's political advisor extraordinaire -- part consiglieri and part priest . he be the mastermind behind what he believe will be the great political career of the twentieth century . he get up and lean in closely to Eleanor . a cigarette dangle off he lip and the smoke rise up and curl in she face . louis you should get out once in a while . accept that invitation would be good for Franklin 's career . eleanor Mr. howe , would not you be more comfortable wait for my husband outside ? louis in the street , Mrs. Roosevelt ? eleanor if you like . Eleanor smile oh-so politely at Louis , as Franklin enter from the dining room . franklin I see it 's not even eight a.m. and already the glove be off . ( kissing Eleanor on the cheek ) good morning , babs . hello , miss mercer . L ucy good morning , sir . quickly , she lower she eye to she work . louis ( annoyed ) you be late . honestly , why do you enjoy keep people wait ? 5 . franklin because they always seem more grateful to see I when I arrive . he lean in and kiss Eleanor on the cheek . franklin have a lovely day , babs . eleanor should I expect you for dinner ? franklin I have the navy reception this evening . I will be home quite late . unless you have change you mind about come ? Louis look up from he paper at Lucy who be write furiously . eleanor do you wish I to come ? franklin well ... whatever you would like . eleanor ( a beat ) thank you , no . franklin very well then . ( tipping he hat ) good day , miss mercer . Lucy nod and Franklin exit . then Louis tip he hat to the lady and follow he out . ext . WASHINGTON , D.C. sidewalk - day 9 9 a car pull over and Franklin be first out , follow by Louis , walk at a brisk pace as they cross the opposite side of the street . Louis struggle to keep up while consulting a small appointment book . louis at ten you have get a meeting with representative from Pittsburgh steel . they bid on the ship building contract have already be turn in and be on you desk for approval . 6 . franklin what do I think of it ? a african - american man step off the curb , let Franklin and Louis pass . louis you have some problem with it . franklin I better read it . steel worker tend to vote democratic . next . louis lunch with Secretary Daniels . franklin must I ? louis he 's you boss . franklin anything else ? louis ( a beat ) what if she would say yes ? franklin who ? Louis shoot he a look that say " you know who . " louis people know . it 's time to stop . franklin I can handle my own affair , Louis . louis not this one . this be Washington , D.C. , not the Harvard Club . ( off - put by Franklin 's arrogance ) how can you be so cavalier ? franklin you say that like it 's a bad thing . Louis take a quick last drag on he cigarette and follow he inside a building . 7. int . front hall - night 10 10 a large grandfather clock read 3:00 . the sound of a key in the front door turn and Franklin quietly enter . his hair be a mess and he clothing be slightly askew . as he come through the hall two eye shine in the darkness . they belong to Eleanor sit rigidly on a settee , listen to the sound of Franklin 's footstep go up the stair . 11 11 int . upper landing - continuing Franklin go into he bedroom . Eleanor quietly come up the stair and stop for a brief moment by Franklin 's door , then go off to she bedroom close the door behind she . int . frankline bedroom - early morning 12 12 Franklin lay sleep in he bed as Eleanor enter quietly so as not to wake he . carefully she pick up a set of key on the dresser then turn and notice a packet of letter sit on top of a open duffle bag . tentatively she reach for they . she bring the packet , tie with a piece of ribbon , up to she nose . she be shocked by they familiar scent . with tremble hand she unty the ribbon . tear flood down she cheek as she read . Franklin open he eye . CUT to : ext . hyde park - day 13 13 springwood be the three - story Roosevelt mansion . it be surround by a thousand acre of forest , field , bridal path and a glorious view of the Hudson River . the five roosevelt child be scream on the front lawn play a boisterous game of croquet . int . springwood - dine room - day 14 14 SARA roosevelt , 65 , sit at the head of the table . she be one for whom the expression " Grande Dame " be coin . 8. Franklin be at the opposite end of the table , look pale . Louis , as always , be by he side . Eleanor , like a prisoner who have accept she fate , sit across from they , calm and compose . eleanor I have offer Franklin he freedom . franklin and I have accept . SARA ( to Eleanor ) his freedom be not yours to offer ! franklin I be in love with miss mercer , mama . louis Lord save we from fool in love . SARA falling in love be out of the question . why do you think man have mistress ? duty . duty to they family and they career . Eleanor rise from the table . SARA where do you think you be go ? eleanor it 's obvious that my input in this matter be of little importance . she begin to exit the room , but Franklin be up like a shot . franklin babs ! SARA come back here ! both of you ! int . entry hall - continuous 15 15 Franklin chase Eleanor . midway up the stair , she turn . E leanor I do not know whether to hate you or thank you . 9. franklin for what ? eleanor for force I to face my life honestly for the first time . franklin I do not mean to hurt you , babs . eleanor you never do . you live you life skim the surface ... never aware of the attachment beneath . ( find she anger ) it must be a luxury . she go up the stair without look back . 16 16 int . dine room - continuous Franklin slowly walk back into the room . SARA divorce will finish you career in politics . how do you intend to support yourself ? franklin my trust fund . SARA divorce Eleanor and there be no trust fund . Franklin turn away . he look out the large picture window and attempt to light a cigarette , but he hand shake . louis we have come so far , boss . State Assembly , Assistant Secretary of the navy -- all page right out of cousin teddy 's play book . we be on the road to the White House . do not do this . Franklin see he son , elliot , 10 , play separately from the rest of he sibling . elliot look up at he father as Franklin bare he best politician 's smile at he . a roar begin to fill he ear . it become clearer that it be the sound of a crowd cheering . 10 . crowd noise ( o.s. ) rose-velt ! rose-velt ! rose-velt ! int . democratic convention hall - san francisco - night 17 17 conventioneers shout out Franklin 's name hold up placard emblazon with : " cox / roosevelt in ' 20 ! " Franklin bolt , run vigorously down the center aisle of the hall light by the circle of a spotlight . the crowd go wild over this unconventional entrance . W hen he reach the edge of the stage he leap onto it . this final act of dare push the crowd into frenzy . close up - franklin 18 18 smiling for no one . for everyone . franklin ( breathless ) I humbly accept you nomination for vice - President ! the crowd roar back in reaction to he less - than-humble stance . franklin they say the best way to get rid of a man be to have he run for vice - President . ( he hold for the laugh ) you might well have ask my cousin teddy if that 's how they get rid of he ! Franklin stand on the stage , the music rise , the crowd cheer . slowly , the sound of the convention fade to something far more delicate ... dissolve to : int . tea room - WASHINGTON , d.c . - afternoon 19 19 a harp play in a elegant tea room . the hushed tone of polite conversation waft through the air . Franklin sit with he cousin , alice roosevelt , 36 , daughter of teddy . brilliant and acerbic , she would have have a career in politics have she be bear a man . 11 . alice of course you lose . a Roosevelt on the democratic ticket ? we ancestor be turn in they grave . franklin cousin Alice , if teddy be alive he would be a democrat -- and you know it . alice rubbish . but I do know one thing : you be exactly like he . my father be bear want only one thing : to be President . franklin and what 's wrong with that ? they both share a laugh . alice do you know what they be say about you ? Franklin 's smile fade . franklin no , but I be sure you will tell I . alice they say f.d.r. stand for " featherduster . " that you be a lightweight . a dilettante with no substance ; no point of view . franklin be that what you think ? alice you lead with you vanity . you talk when you should listen . unless this be the quality of a democrat ? F ranklin the democratic party be the party of the people . I be a man of the people . alice darling , you be a Roosevelt . what do you know about people ? 12 . she lean in conspiratorially . alice of course , I can think of one person you do manage to find the time to invest in . a miss mercer , I believe ? franklin Alice , stop . alice do not misunderstand I , Franklin . be marry to Eleanor I think you deserve some fun . but you make the right decision . especially since miss mercer have go on with she life . franklin what be you talk about ? alice Edward rutherford be a wonderful catch for a girl like she . franklin ( stunne ) she 's marry ? alice last week . a small event , of course . franklin when I last hear she be governess to he child . alice ( with a smile ) and then love bloom . as a " man of the people , " I would not be too hard on she , Franklin . we can not all have trust fund you know . ext . staten island boy scout camp - day 20 20 Franklin , Louis and a photographer disembark from a touring car . louis we be not take this defeat lie down , boss . we will run you for Governor -- 13 . franklin ( kid ) really ? of which state ? Louis shoot he a look . louis very funny . no , this busy you time . it busy you experience . franklin what about Al Smith ? louis he 's vulnerable . you be still a fresh face , boss . we will use that to we advantage . they walk down a hill towards some wait Boy scout as the photographer follow they . franklin Boy scout , Louis ? hardly my political base . louis they have get parent . besides they be photogenic . Franklin begin glad-hand the assemble group of mostly underprivileged child . franklin Franklin Roosevelt , happy to meet you . Franklin mask he thinly veile discomfort with a artificial good cheer . meanwhile , Louis , in full political mode , make sure the L photographer get everything . ouis over here ! Franklin pose with two scout . the picture be take . scoutmaster okay , boy , lunch . line up to wash ! ( to Franklin ) will you be join we ? franklin of course ! 14 . Franklin step into a line before a large communal water barrel and glance sideways at guiseppe , 9 , a immigrant child of the city street . he wear he uniform proudly and smile at Franklin . franklin what 's you name , son ? guiseppe guiseppe . Franklin put he arm around guiseppe , force the moment between they . he wait patiently as the camera click away . franklin guiseppe ! come sta , ragazzo ? guiseppe ( puzzle ) okay , I guess . the scout begin wash they hand together in the water barrel and Franklin join in as Louis look on admiringly . as guiseppe splashes some of the water on he face , Franklin , not to be outdone , do so as well . it 's all for the camera . establishing shot - campobello island ext . roosevelt summer home - day 21 21 a large but unpretentious house with a sweeping lawn that look out over the icy water of the Bay of fundy . 22 22 ext . porch - late afternoon Eleanor sit quietly on the front porch knitting -- in a world of she own . a few foot away -- also in a world of he own -- sit Louis , overdress for summer in a three piece suit . a overflow ashtray be by he side and pile of newspaper lie at he foot . he hold up a paper to Eleanor with the photo of Franklin and the Boy scout . louis he 's a natural . Eleanor give it a cursory glance then look out to where Franklin and the child come bound up the lawn . 15 . Franklin and elliot break out from the rest and begin racing up the lawn . Franklin , no match for he son 's speed , lose . he double over , try to catch he breath . elliot vae victis ! ( " woe to the conquer ! " ) C aught up in he victory , elliot do not see Franklin sneak up behind he and tackle he to the ground . franklin festina lente ! ( " not so fast ! " ) one by one the other child all pile on top of Franklin and elliot . eleanor dinner be in one half -hour ! come in and change , child ! franklin up ! up , chick ! you hear you mother ! everyone run up the porch stair and into the house except Franklin . eleanor go wash up . utterly spend , Franklin lay on the grass , not move . louis hey , boss ! be you all right ? slowly , Franklin get up and walk with great effort up the porch stair . franklin I be fine . ( be : she knitting ) oh , that 's pretty , babs . he put he hand on Eleanor 's shoulder and lean in to buss she cheek but Eleanor quickly stand . eleanor I must check on dinner . there be a cursory formality to she word and little warmth . 16 . franklin very well . she go into the house . Louis then hand Franklin letter . louis tire ? franklin of you ? never . wearily , he sort through the envelope . louis why do not you nap before dinner ? franklin yes , dear . Franklin head into the house lean heavily against the screen door struggle for control . dissolve to : int . SUN room - day 23 23 Franklin lay on a chaise be examine by a doctor , who lean over he hold out he hand . doctor can you take my hand ? Franklin try , but can not . almost he entire body be paralyze . he can only breathe and blink . the Doctor glance at Eleanor , Louis and Sara indicate they should follow he out . ext . screened porch - day 24 24 as the door from the sun room open onto the porch , elliot be there wait . see they come , he dash off into the yard so as not to be see as Eleanor , Louis , Sara and the Doctor enter . doctor he have infantile paralysis . Polio . Sara sink into a chair . SARA I know it . I know it . D ( D 17 . eleanor I think it only strike child . octor not necessarily . louis how do he get it ? doctor some expert believe it be link to contaminate water . but that theory be speculative at best . louis it be the visit to that god damned Boy scout Camp ! doctor in all honesty you need to be look forward , not back . eleanor what be the prognosis ? dr . lovett the damage to he leg muscle be extensive . I suspect he will be paralyze from the waist down . eleanor dear god. beat ) and the child ? dr . lovett if they do not have any symptom by now then they have be spare . Sara stand -- she bear once again erect and proud . SARA then we must count we blessing . R. lovett you will need to prepare yourselves . there be a deep depression that follow a illness of this magnitude . I be afraid life as he know it be over . they discussion be suddenly interrupt by the sound of a child cry . Eleanor rush off the porch to the bush . L 18 . ext . bushes - continuing 25 25 Eleanor find elliot , have hear everything , curl up in a ball , weep . she lean down and wrap she arm around he . int . bedroom - week later 26 26 close - up - wallpaper a pink background cover in small white flower with red center and green leave . there be a seam in the paper . a tiny white spot where glue have soak through . pull back to reveal - Franklin in bed . this be all he stare at -- hour after hour after hour . his lip be dry . a glass of water sit tantalizingly on the night stand . he reach for it but it 's a few inch out of he reach . slowly , he begin to rock he torso back and forth . int . hyde park - parlor - continuous 27 27 Sara , Eleanor and Louis be in heat conversation . SARA now that politics be out of the question he can stay here at home with I . eleanor but what kind of life be that ? ouis I have rent he a office downtown . he can still practice law . S ara why would you want to do that ? louis because he need it . eleanor he can pursue a career , mama . SARA a man as proud and vital as Franklin ... you be invite he to be hurt . ( more ) 19 . and you , Mr. RA ( cont would ) sa howe , engage in the fantasy of a political future for my son ... be there nothing you will not do to keep you job ? Sara leave as Eleanor go after she . eleanor mama ! that 's not fair ! int . bedroom - continuous 28 28 Franklin , still rock he torso , have now gain some momentum , manage to have move just a few inch . int . SUN room - continuous 29 29 Sara busy herself arrange flower . SARA what kind of life be it to be pity and stare at ? eleanor what kind of life be it to be hide away ? I know you believe that what you be suggest for Franklin be best . but I think you be make it harder for he . SARA I think I know what 's best for Franklin . I be he mother ! eleanor and I be he wife . Sara stare at Eleanor in disbelief . Eleanor stare back -- unflinch . int . bedroom - continuous 30 30 Franklin reach he arm towards the glass only to fall from the bed to the floor with a thud . frustrate beyond word , Franklin lunge at he wheelchair and shove it across the floor let out a anguish cry . in agony , from both the pain and the humiliation , he stare up and fix he gaze on the ornate ceiling overhead . then , close he eye , a pounding in he head start to get louder and louder -- CUT to : 20 . int . boat - day - back to present 31 31 Franklin , on he back , he face and body drench with sweat , be asleep in he bunk in the boat . he awaken to the sound of the pounding . voice be call he accompany by fist smash at the door . he open he eye and be disorient . he try to sit up -- momentarily forget that he can not . h e lift the sheet and visibly wince in disgust at the sight of he crippled leg . bone cover by flesh with barely a ounce of muscle . finally the door burst open . two young crewman , eugene and stanley enter . eugene Mr. Roosevelt , we get a storm comin ' ! he lift Franklin over he shoulder . stanley grab clothes and pull a set of long iron leg brace from a hook off the wall . Eugene grab a bucket and hold Franklin up to urinate . franklin ( while pee ) leave I here . let the ocean swallow I up . burial at sea . perfect for a navy man . stripped to he underwear Franklin be laid across the bunk . Eugene kneel and put on Franklin 's sock and shoe . then he and stanley slide on he brace and pants . they hand zipper , clasp , buckle and tie . each hand work in synchronicity with the other . clumsily they lift Franklin up , struggle under he weight . ext . boat - day 32 32 Eugene and stanley carry Franklin off in the drive rain . int . diner off the florida coast - day 33 33 kerosene lamp light the diner which be fill with people , mostly fisherman , seek refuge from the come storm . Franklin , soak - to-the-skin and wrap in a blanket , be be push through the door by Eugene in a wheelchair . the restaurant collectively pause to take they . 21 . Franklin be slowly wheeled across the restaurant . he shrink from the stare of the patron . a little girl eat with she parent get excited when she see Franklin 's brace and point . Franklin give she a hard look and she be hurt . what he can not see be that under the table she wear a set of brace like he . Franklin be wheeled up to he table and eugene and stanley sit down with he . Louis enter resembling a drown rat . he rip off he hat and raincoat and put down he suitcase . franklin ( genuinely surprised ) Louis ? louis I never miss Florida in the rainy season . franklin no letter ? no wire ? louis why ? would you have answer it ? franklin what the hell be you do here ? louis good to see you too . Nice whisker . you look like Chester Arthur . franklin stanley , this be Mr. howe . he get sea-sick at the mere sight of a boat so he 's probably happy that it 's be ldestroy right now . ouis boy , I need to talk to Mr. Roosevelt alone . find you own breakfast . here 's a five spot . make it a feast . they look at the money and take they leave . franklin you be always so generous with my money . 22 . louis you mean you mother 's , do not you ? the waitress put down two cup of coffee . Franklin pull out a flask and pour some into he cup . he then light a cigarette and begin smoking , but do not offer one to Louis . without ask , Louis help himself . franklin so mama finance this fool 's errand , have she ? well , it 's a waste of a trip . louis it be Eleanor 's idea . Franklin 's face be immobile . waitress what can I get you ? louis I would like some ham and egg , sunny side up , please ? ( to Franklin ) what 's you fancy , boss ? franklin nothing . I fancy nothing . louis he will have the same . the waitress grab they menus and scurries away . Louis open he briefcase and hand Franklin a stack of mail . Franklin glance it , but do not open any . louis there be a few from you child . franklin I can still read . Franklin flip through the mail and find a letter that interest he , open it . louis you wife want you to come home . ( choose he word ) she 's concerned . I be concerned . this life on a boat ... where be it get you ? ( F 23 . franklin get I ? for one thing , no one get to see I and I do not get to see they . louis do not say that . everyone 's wait for you to come home . the kid ... they be aching to see you . ranklin ( read ) really ? Louis look sadly at he friend . louis what 's that ? franklin skim the letter ) from George Foster peabody . he own a resort in rural Georgia for investment purpose . hot spring or something . he claim that only recently a crippled boy swim in the water and can walk again . louis oh , for chrissake ... franklin ( read ) " the high magnesium content of this natural spring will hold anyone up . although it be not a resort for infirm type I be extend you my personal invitation to come visit in the off - season . " ( put the letter aside ) I be only welcome in the " off - season . " Eugene and stanley approach the table . eugene Mr. Roosevelt , we get bad news . franklin what ? F F 24 . stanley it 's the boat ... it get bang up real bad tie to the dock . ranklin how bad ? stanley I do not think you can stay there anymore . ranklin absorb this . eugene maybe it 's a bless in disguise , Mr. Roosevelt . I do not know about you , but I be homesick . franklin and I be sick of home . ( to Louis ) where 's the letter from peabody ? louis you can not be serious ? he hand Franklin the letter who reread it . franklin why not miracle water ? I have drunk the oil of monkey gland , be zap with electricity and hang upside down in harness . after all that , this sound downright peaceful . louis I can not quite picture you in the back wood of Georgia . franklin where do you picture I , Louis ? louis 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . franklin President , Louis ? I can not visit the bathroom without a team of associate to help pull my pants down . E F 25 . louis give it a little time . ranklin there 's a reason they say a man run for office . ( a beat ) I be go to Georgia . CUT to : int . a train car - day 34 34 Franklin and Eleanor sit next to one another . Franklin be now shave and clean up considerably . however , the tension between they be palpable . Eleanor knit furiously while talk . Franklin look out the window at African - american field hand hard at work in the red clay hill of Georgia . eleanor James have be do so much better now that elliot have join he at groton . they have put they difference behind they and have become a real team . Franklin observe two young boy , African - american , run alongside the slow - move train . eleanor two peas in a pod . last week they be both in the infirmary with the F same cold . ranklin eye a wagon pull by a mule . the driver , a farmer , take off he hat and wipe he brow in the hot sun . leanor meanwhile , any suggestion I make to Anna for she future -- she dismiss I . I be go to have to enlist you support in this , Franklin . she listen to you . she look over at Franklin and see that he be stare out the window , deep in think -- not have hear a word she 's say . 26 . ext . bullochville train station - georgia - day 35 35 tom loyless , 39 , stand wait by a car dress in a white suit . laconic , with a dry sense of humor , Tom be a man of few word whose poker face hide a true desperation . he hold a telegram from Franklin in he hand . as the train pull in Tom look for Franklin among the passenger make they exit . there be two different exit on the platform clearly mark white and colored . whites exit from the front of the train and black from the rear . lionel purdy , tiny , and dress in a mailman 's uniform , approach Tom . of indeterminate age and dubious intellect , he mail bag be almost as big as he be . lionel someone important ? tom you might say so , lionel . lionel who ? tom a Mr. Roosevelt . lionel teddy ? tom ( patiently ) no , he 's dead . lionel oh . the stationmaster approach . stationmaster Tom , you guest need some assistance . we be gonna need some able-body man to move he . tom ( to lionel ) go over to the livery stable ... lionel ... and get the collier boy . 27 . ext . a train car - day 36 36 Franklin exit the train sling in a fireman 's carry over the shoulder of roy collier , African - american , 29 . his brother pete , 27 , be close behind , carry luggage -- both hover at around 6 ' 4 " . Tom approach . Franklin attempt to hide he embarrassment with good cheer . franklin hello ! hello ! Mr. loyless ? tom Tom , Mr. Roosevelt . franklin then you would better call I Franklin . still in the fireman 's carry , Franklin extend he hand for Tom to shake . tom Franklin . franklin and this be the miss . eleanor call I Eleanor . tom please to make you acquaintance . Roy then carry he over to Tom 's car and gingerly place he inside . Pete follow . roy ( to Tom ) there 's a trunk and a chair with the wheel , too . tom I will send a wagon right over . pete we get a wagon , sir . ext . a country road - day 37 37 Tom drive Franklin in front , Eleanor sit in the back . 28 . pine tree tower over the side of the dirt road . in occasional clearing , Franklin spy barefoot child play out in front of break - down shack . they stop they play to look at the car . franklin ( cover he discomfort ) beautiful country . eleanor how long have you be manager of the Inn ? tom not long . they bang over a large pothole . they all fly up and land hard . franklin get any paved road ? tom no we do not . ext . the meriwether inn - day 38 38 Tom 's car turn into a driveway . Franklin have a brochure for " the meriwether Inn " open in he lap . he try to spy the building through the tree but cannot . he look back at the brochure . the picture be of a lavish victorian Hotel and the word , " we renowned mineral hot spring can cure whatever ail you ! " Franklin look up and see a three - story hideous green and yellow monstrosity lean slightly to one side . paint be peel everywhere . what once be flower bed be overgrown with weed . the car pull to a stop . tom you will have a great deal of privacy . there be only a few guest right now as it 's the off - season ... I be hope to make some improvement by next spring -- Franklin put out he arm prevent Tom from get out of the car . F 29 . franklin ( panicked ) I ... I can not stay here . this place be a wreck . E leanor Franklin ! tom look on the bright side . most of you time will be spend in the water . ( a beat ) it 's true , we have fall on some hard time ... ranklin hard time ? this be a disaster ! it should be condemn ! Tom 's southern manners be be put to the test , but he stay remarkably calm . tom yes , we have see better day . ( a beat ) but then I imagine so have you . Franklin blink incomprehensibly at Tom and what he have just say . tom I be happy to drive you back to the train station right now , if that 's what you want . they lock eye . Franklin wonder if Tom 's bluff , but he can not tell . franklin ( in a low voice ) Fire . I be frighten of fire . I can not get out if I be upstairs . tom we have get option . ext . meriwether inn ground - day 39 39 Tom 's car be now park in front of a group of small cottage . Roy and Pete 's horse draw wagon be behind it . 30 . ext . cottage - day 40 40 Tom and Pete open a set of shutter over the window of a tiny cottage . Franklin and Eleanor sit in the car , watch . int . cottage - day 41 41 sheet cover the furniture , cobweb span the beam and dust particle fill the air . as Tom maneuver the wheelchair through the front door , Franklin notice a break window . franklin ( caustic ) well ventilate , at least . Roy enter with a suitcase . roy where do you want this , Mr. Roosevelt ? franklin the bedroom , Roy , thank you . he look after Roy as he exit . franklin Tom , this young man appear quite competent . would you ask he if he would like to stay on as my valet ? tom ( politely ) why do not you ask he yourself ? he tip he hat and go outside . ext . driveway - day 42 42 Pete , alone , drive the wagon past the Inn and out onto the road . int . cottage - day 43 43 Eleanor stand in the middle of the tiny live room stunne by the squalor . she speak to Franklin who be change in the other room . T 31 . eleanor this be madness . franklin ( o.s. ) no doubt . eleanor tell I again , Franklin , why be we here ? Franklin be wheeled out by Roy , now change into a bathing suit . franklin for the water . be you come ? ext . a dirt path - day 44 44 Roy wheel Franklin while Tom walk in front of they lead the way . om Mrs. Roosevelt want to swim ? franklin Mrs. Roosevelt do not know how . Franklin take in the surroundings . desert horse stable in total ruin and tennis court cover with underbrush mar the landscape . 45 45 ext . pool - day a immense , t-shape pool rimmed in concrete . the bluish water be clear and sparkling and a delicate steam rise out of the warmth . a mother , eyeing Franklin approach in he wheelchair , come to the edge of the pool and coax she child out of the water . aunt sally , a ancient , gaunt , African american woman , stand guard by the edge of the water . tom Mr. Roosevelt , I would like you to meet aunt Sally . franklin aunt Sally . aunt sally good day , sir . I have towel for you . 32 . Roy wheel Franklin as close to the rim of the pool as possible . Tom lend he assistance and both he and Roy hoist Franklin out of the chair and place he at the edge , let he foot dangle in the warm water . twist on he massive arm , Franklin lower himself cautiously . tom now give it a minute . you will see that the mineralization make the water more buoyant . the crippled boy who swim here be actually able to walk in the water . Franklin 's leg flop as he useless foot touch the shallow bottom . crushed , all hope drain from he face . franklin I can not even stand . aunt sally well , not yet . ext . cabin - night 46 46 Roy sleep on a couch on the front porch . cricket hum . int . cabin - continuing 47 47 Eleanor toss and turn on a roll away bed . 48 48 int . cabin bedroom - continuing Franklin lie in bed stare up at the ceiling . int . meriwether inn - dine room - day 49 49 a handful of guest be spread out in a huge dining room . Franklin and Eleanor sit together . he be eat heartily , but Eleanor merely move she food around . eleanor this be simply revolting . franklin it 's not very good , but it be mysterious . ( hold out he plate ) what in the world do you think they have pour over this chicken ? or be it possum ? Eleanor size Franklin up . she know this be a preamble . h 33 . eleanor you want to stay . franklin yes . eleanor New York have the best doctor and hospital in the country . F ranklin I need something new . eleanor this be not about get better be it ? you do not want to come home . you do not want to live with we . franklin I refuse to be a burden to anyone . eleanor you be not a burden , you be my husband . e reach out and take she hand in he . franklin I want to offer you the freedom you once so generously offer I . ( she pull it away ) all you have ever know be duty . to I and to a political career that unless I can walk no longer exist . you have be exemplary . now I be tell you you be free to go . eleanor ( she voice rise ) no. ( a beat ) I do not want freedom . I want a marriage . I want a life with you . Franklin will not let himself believe it . franklin I can not imagine what you think that life be go to be . this take the wind out of Eleanor . 34 . eleanor oh Franklin ... it 's not up to I to imagine , it 's up to you . Eleanor fold she napkin and get up from the table . ext . cottage driveway - day 50 50 Pete help Eleanor into he livery wagon . Franklin watch from the porch as Eleanor ride away . her suitcase slide across the open wagon bed , as the wagon make the tight turn from the driveway onto the main road . on eleanor look out -- straight ahead . on franklin alone and scared as he watch the wagon fade from sight . 51 51 int . hyde park - day Eleanor be pour tea for Louis , who be seat . eleanor thank you for stop by , Mr. howe . louis I think you might want to see a friendly face . ( off the silence ) so how 's we boy do ? eleanor well , he 's enjoy the water very much . he ... ( suddenly overwhelm ) I think we have lose he . her pent - up tear burst in a free-flow . Louis lead she to a nearby settee and hand she he handkerchief . E leanor please excuse I , Mr. howe . louis do not you think it 's time you call I Louis ? eleanor Louis . E 35 . louis maybe we have be go about this all wrong . he 's down there to be alone so let 's give he what he want . we change we focus . leanor to what ? Louis smile , knowingly . louis to you . ext . cottage - sunset 52 52 the row of abandon cottage look strangely pretty , aglow in the set sun . 53 53 ext . cottage - continuous Franklin be seat on the ramshackle porch in he chair . his cigarette hang from he lip as he mix martinis in a glass milk bottle . he pour one for Tom , then himself . franklin to you mineral pool , or whatever you call it . tom warm Springs . they clink they glass . Tom take a polite sip , then choke back the bad taste . franklin too strong ? tom have not be in a drink mood lately . franklin I have . tom actually , its the most god - awful martini I have ever taste . franklin be you always this direct , Tom ? 36 . tom well , I never taste a martini this bad before . Franklin take another sip , check . it taste fine to he . franklin ( hurt ) everyone like my martinis ... tom so they say . int . cottage - morning 54 54 Franklin 's bed be already empty . ext . pool - morning 55 55 aunt Sally be seat , talk with Roy while Franklin lie on he back in the water , swim . all he movement come from he shoulder and arm . the morning sun stream down on he . Tom sit off to one side read the newspaper . franklin tell I more about what that boy do , aunt Sally . aunt sally well , first he would always swim over to the side of the pool and hold himself there -- make sure he righted himself . then ... before he know it ... he would be stand . franklin if it be only that easy . aunt sally well , you make it hard . get over to the side of that pool and grab it . franklin ( humoring she ) yes , mar 'am . aunt sally now you get to remember how you do it . Franklin hold the edge of the pool , close he eye . F 37 . for a long moment there be silence . almost without realize it , Franklin let go of the edge of the pool . when he open he eye -- he be stand -- all by himself in the water . franklin ( a nervous laugh ) I be stand . his laughter get stronger . Tom , aunt Sally and Roy look on . franklin I be stand . the release be powerful as Franklin dissolves into tear . ext . cottage porch - evening 56 56 Tom , who 's be mixing cocktail , hand Franklin a drink and lift he glass . tom to stand on you own two foot ! they clink and drink . ranklin this water could be the cure -- the cure ! in six month I could be up and walk ! lionel , the mailman , come down the path carry a flashlight , read a open letter . lionel even folk . franklin cocktail , lionel ? lionel I can not . I be work for the federal government . franklin all the more reason . ( shove a drink at he ) sort of late for the mail , be not it ? F L 38 . lionel not for I it be not . get a whole packet of clipping for you , Mr. Roosevelt . from a Mr. howe. New York Times , Journal -american ... do not know what else . he hand a already open letter to Franklin . lionel you mother want to know when you be come home . she say they get swim pool in hyde Park . she 's mad as all hell . franklin reading other people 's mail be not only impolite , it 's illegal . lionel sheriff do not mind . he like I read he mail . save he the time . plus a lot of folk around here can not read , so it 's more a public service , really . franklin astonish . thank you , lionel . he hand lionel a letter . ionel ( read ) " miss missy lehand . " who 's she ? F ranklin if you must know , she 's my social secretary . ( to Tom ) I be have she come down . lionel reach into he bag . lionel almost forget ... you wife write the nicest letter . she 's gonna make a speech at the League of woman voter . ranklin give I that . ( 39 . he hand the letter to Franklin who immediately begin read . lionel ( to Tom ) say she 's gonna keep the Roosevelt name alive . least till he start walkin ' and all . lionel take the letter Franklin just hand he , open it , flick he flashlight back on and continue on he way . franklin ( study the letter ) this be so unlike Eleanor . she 's terrify of crowd . CUT to : 57 57 int . hallway - day Louis and Eleanor approach a set of double door . eleanor we be face imminent disaster . louis I take full responsibility if you hyperventilate or faint . they enter the room . int . meeting room - continuous 58 58 at a lectern , behind which a banner read " league of women voter , " the chairwoman see they and wave they forward . chairwoman ah , here she be now . lady , Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt . a small crowd of about two dozen woman offer up polite , but scant applause for Eleanor . eleanor good afternoon . I be so pleased to be invite here today . look down at she card ) too often .... a photographer snap a picture which throw Eleanor off . 40 . eleanor too often ... she stop . the pause be deadly . Louis look ready to jump out a window . Eleanor continue , she voice still pitch too high . eleanor too often the great decision be originate and give form in body make up wholly of man ... slowly , she begin to find she voice . eleanor so that whatever political value woman have to offer be shunt aside ... without expression . T he be a mistake . she look up from she card and stare at the audience ... and for the first time speak spontaneously . eleanor I think this might be the reason I be have such a difficult time give voice to my own thought here today . the immediacy of she self - efface comment charm the room . eleanor I be remind of what someone once say about look at a elephant . that it be impossible to ever see a entire elephant from one place -- you must walk around it . if we elect leader be to be truly effective then they must be willing to go out of they way to look beyond what be right in front of they . to see the entire elephant . and for that ... they need we help . the lady applaud she , much to she relief . Louis beam . later at a reception follow the speech , Eleanor and the chairwoman be drink tea . F 41 . chairwoman that be so move , Mrs. Roosevelt . the child Welfare amendment could use someone with you passion . you must consider be we spokesperson . Eleanor look to Louis who nod . eleanor oh . it would be a honor . chairwoman wonderful . 59 59 ext . pool - day Franklin be attempt to walk in the water , work diligently . Tom watch he from a few pace back . tom Morning . franklin I walk five step today ! tom congratulation . listen , Franklin , I get word a local reporter want to do a story on you . ranklin I be hardly newsworthy this day . ( a beat ) how do he find out I be here ? tom small town -- word get out . it probably will not amount to more than a provincial puff piece but it might give we some free publicity for the Inn . Franklin look at Tom know full well he 's arrange this . tom all right , I know the gentleman . I be do he a favor . you know , I use to be a journalist . franklin do you mean all this time I have be talk to a newspaper man ? 42 . tom not anymore . I get in a bit of trouble in Atlanta . seem some of the editorial piece I write offended the sensibility of a local civic group . so I need to lay low for a while . franklin ( a beat ) you mean the klan ? good God , Tom ... T om thankfully , Mr. George Foster peabody give I this job ... franklin well , that explain a few thing . for the life of I , I could not figure out why someone like you be run this -- tom rat-trap ? franklin ( laugh , swim off ) I be go to say dump , but rat - trap fit nicely . ext . frankline cottage - front porch - day 60 60 Franklin be seat -- but not in he wheelchair . he wear long pants even though it 's blisteringly hot . cleburne gregory , 28 , sit across from Franklin -- a second string reporter in a three - piece suit . gregory now in 1920 when you be run for vice-president ... franklin I can not imagine you reader be interested in ancient history . Cox and I lose the election by a wide margin . gregory it be only a few year ago , Mr. Roosevelt ... h 43. franklin now it 's the water extra mineral plus its warmth that make all the difference . at 90 degree I can work my muscle for hour and not get cold . gregory as Assistant Secretary of the navy during the great War do you condone the use of ... franklin I forget one more thing you will need to write down . poor circulation be a chronic problem for people in my condition . Gregory look at Franklin . it 's clear he 's not go to get the interview he come for . gregory so ... you think it could be a cure ? franklin I do not know . gregory but you be hopeful ? franklin yes . I be . int . cottage - night 61 61 Franklin be laid out on the bed as Roy slide the brace off he leg . Roy unlace he shoe and slip they off he foot . e be about to put they under the bed when Franklin motion for Roy to hand they to he . still flat on he back , Franklin luxuriate in the rich leather cobble by hand . he examine they smooth , immaculate sole ... wear but never walk in . int . cottage - morning 62 62 a newspaper clipping of Eleanor in she speech to the League be tape to the wall . we hear the sound of a underwood typewriter clack away and Franklin 's voice , dictating . 44 . franklin therefore , a formal questionnaire should be compose in order so we may hear from all recent delegate as to how we can do better in ' 28 to present a more united front . sign , Franklin Roosevelt , etc. , etc . missy le hand , 30 , be sit at a card table , type . brunette with some early gray , she be sturdy in build with a plain but friendly face . missy very good . do you want this out today ? F ranklin tomorrow will be fine . missy alright . franklin thank you , missy , and c.c. that to Louis . missy rise with a stack of envelope and head out . Roy enter with a plate of pancake in front of Franklin . roy hungry , Mr. Roosevelt ? franklin not really . roy who do you write to every morning ? franklin different people I know in politics . just in case they ever want I back . roy so you will be ready when you get you leg workin ' again ? franklin exactly . 45 . there be a knock at the screen door . a earnest young man , benjamin prendergast , 18 , be peer in . he have a newspaper . prendergast Excuse I , be you Mr. Roosevelt ? franklin yes . who be you ? Roy open the door to prendergast , who enter . prendergast my name be Benjamin prendergast . I have come to see if you could speak at this year 's graduation ceremony at the schoolhouse . you be so famous and all . prendergast unfold the newspaper . there be a picture of Franklin under the head " franklin roosevelt swim he way to health ! " franklin I will be damned . prendergast would you be available ? franklin ( look up ) when ? next spring ? prendergast next week . we only have a four month school year . franklin how be that possible ? prendergast tax dollar only cover that much . franklin be you graduate ? prendergast no , sir . I be the principal . franklin I see . but Franklin do not see . 46 . ext . schoolhouse - day 63 63 a small breeze or a decent rain would knock it to the ground . int . schoolroom - continuous 64 64 a bookshelf with four book . a few farmer and they wive sit with large group of filthy child . they look at Franklin askance . prendergast stand proudly beside three graduate - to - be . Tom stand in the back observe . Franklin , in he wheelchair , sit uncomfortably before the gather . he notice a father stare at he leg . prendergast now that we be all here let I introduce to you to we guest speaker today , Mr. Franklin Roosevelt . franklin good afternoon . a fly begin buzzing around he head . he laugh derisively , almost to himself . franklin at groton , where I graduate from high school , we beloved headmaster encourage he student to enter public life ... he look up and catch the glaze eye of a undernourished child which unsettle he . franklin I choose to attend Harvard for my undergraduate work and then Columbia for my law degree . h e take in they uncomprehend expression . franklin I follow my headmaster 's advice and seek a career in public life . but circumstance beyond my control have make that ... very difficult ... R 6 47 . he stare at he tiny audience , all of whom know something about circumstance beyond they control . franklin I have give many speech in my life ... I do not know why I be have such a hard time make this one ... horrify and unable to speak , Franklin seem temporarily lose , but the tiny audience do not seem to notice . they just see Franklin . 5 65 int . tom' automobile - day franklin my God do you see how they be look at I ? tom they welcome you company , Franklin . franklin do not patronize I . Tom be lose he patience . tom do not patronize they . this people go to bed night after night with half - empty stomach -- you leg be the least of they worry . they continue to drive in silence . 66 66 ext . pool - day it 's a cold day and Franklin be swim in the pool . Roy be wear a sweater . aunt Sally be there , too , wear a patch up coat with a scarf around she neck . Tom be nearby rake leave . aunt sally Mr. Roosevelt , be not you cold ? oy Mr. Roosevelt , you be gonna catch the chill if you do not get out of the water . Franklin ignore they and dip under the water as Tom come over . 48 . aunt sally you get to tell he , Mr. loyless . he will not listen to we . Franklin come up from under . tom Franklin , we need to talk ... normally we close up this time of year and the staff go home for the holiday . Franklin look at Tom , then at Roy and aunt Sally , acknowledge . the sound of a train whistle be hear . dissolve to : 67 67 int . hyde park , new york - live room - day the whistle be come from a model train as it zoom around a track set up on a table in the Roosevelt live room . elliot , now 15 , be mesmerize . Sara sit at a piano between franklin , jr. , 9 , and JOHN , 7 . they be finish a rouse rendition of " angel we have Heard on High " as a enormous Christmas tree get decorate . jame , 18 , be at the top of a ladder while he sister , anna , 19 , decorate from the lowest rung . Eleanor hold up a tiny porcelain ornament to Anna . eleanor grandmother delano bring this from China . Franklin , work from he wheelchair be fill out the lower branch of the tree , he lap fill with ornament . E lliot have you ever be to China , Father ? franklin no , elliot . just you grandmama . SARA I adore China . it smell of ginger cookie . L 49 . franklin , jr. et 's go in the backyard and dig we way there ! SARA that sound like a adventure . Anna look over at she father , sadly and Franklin catch she eye . she quickly look away . from behind he back , John , pull out the Christmas star and place it on he father 's knee . JOHN put it on top . silence descend over the room . no one dare to breathe . eleanor give it to James . he 's the tallest . JOHN no . anna John , give it to he ! JOHN papa always do it . franklin I can do it . Franklin toss the star in a attempt to reach the top . it almost catch , but it fall to the floor . quickly , aid to avoid he father 's embarrassment , James climb back up and put the star on top . Sara sense the awkwardness of the moment begin to play and sing a overly cheery rendition of " hark ! the Herald angel sing . " int . study - later 68 68 Roy be spot Franklin as he pull himself along a set of parallel bar . Eleanor observe as Franklin use he arm to drag he leg behind he . eleanor it be a extraordinary turnout this afternoon . Louis say there be over two hundred people in the audience . 50 . franklin that 's marvelous , babs . Eleanor be flushed with pride . Franklin , catch she look , slip slightly on the bar as Roy grab hold of he . roy I have get you , sir . Franklin then take note that Eleanor 's expression have turn to one of pure heartbreak . franklin you wonder why I want to go back to Georgia ... it 's to avoid people who look at I the way you just do . eleanor you truly believe the water ... ( with difficulty ) ... that they be help ? franklin do not talk to I as if I be a child . choose you word so carefully ... eleanor how be I suppose to talk to you ? franklin like I be ! talk to I like I be ! Roy turn Franklin around on the bar and they begin walk away from Eleanor . eleanor I do not know how anymore . dissolve to : ext . cottage - day 69 69 Franklin be be lift out of Pete 's wagon by Roy and place into he wheelchair . he see Tom approach . T om you be a sight for sore eye ... franklin we miss you at the station ... 51 . the smile on Franklin 's face slip to a look of shock as he take in Tom 's change appearance . his face be sallow and he trademark white suit be hang on he . franklin ( concerned ) Tom , be you all right ? tom it 's just a ulcer . I can not eat anything I like anymore . Roy carry the luggage into the cottage . franklin ( cover ) my father have ulcer . damn irritate . tom yes , they be . a silence hang in the air . tom ready to swim ? ext . pool - day 70 70 Franklin now dress in he bathing suit be be wheeled by Roy . Tom follow . tom we have get some new guest . some pay , some non-pay ... as they get closer , Franklin be stunne by what he see -- a dozen people -- all in different grouping -- some on crutch , other in wheelchair , be gather around the pool . franklin what in blaze ?... tom the interview you give be syndicate in Sunday papers all over the country . Franklin look up at Tom , dumbfounded . tom they be here to see you . h 52 . this news hit Franklin with the force of a sledgehammer . PAT doyle , 50 , be stuff into he wheelchair with a huge cigar between he fat lip . be eyebrow have a life of they own . he wheel himself to Franklin . PAT Mr. Roosevelt , Pat doyle . I have come all the way from minneapolis to shake you hand , sir . he reach out he hand to Franklin . PAT stuck in this chair I do nothing but read . newspaper , mostly . usually I be just look for something -- anything -- that will tell I there 's even the slight chance I will walk again . Franklin be uncomfortable , especially as Pat will not let go of he hand . franklin I really do not know what to say . PAT well , you be here . and we be here . together ... we will think of something . Franklin look to Tom and gesture for he to come closer . franklin ( whisper ) get I out of here . ext . meriwether inn - ground - day 71 71 Franklin be push the chair himself along the dirt path , he anger propelling F he away from Tom . ranklin I want no part of this . I come here for privacy ! tom this be not you personal spa ! I have a business to run . 53. franklin exactly . you have a business to run , not I ! tom no one 's ask anything of you ! franklin of course they be ! tom do you know what it take for most of they to get here ? franklin it 's not my concern . I want to be leave alone ! tom my God , you be afraid of this people . franklin afraid ? what you be talk about ? tom you look at they with the same repulsion and pity as everyone else . franklin do not be ridiculous . I resent you try to -- tom you do not want to be around they because then that would make you one of they , would not it ? Franklin furiously wheel himself back towards the cottage , get stick on the dirt path along the way . franklin God damn it ! Tom come to he aid but he be brush off by Franklin . franklin out of my way ! get out of my goddamn way ! Franklin wheel himself off . 54 . ext . bullochville train station - day 72 72 Franklin , in he wheelchair , smoke a cigarette . his bag be next to he , as be Roy . a train 's whistle blows and pull in . roy right on time . Franklin see someone else on the platform . he squint in the distance . it 's Tom . he walk closer towards Franklin and Roy . tom good evening . Franklin nod in Tom 's general direction . Tom have a telegram in he hand which peak Franklin 's curiosity . franklin expecting someone ? tom yes . the train come to a complete stop . a conductor step out onto the platform . a single elderly woman get off the train . tom ( to the conductor ) I be look for a young gentleman by the name of bott . Fred bott ? conductor do not know anything about that . tom I expect he would be in a wheelchair . conductor you mean the cripple ? he 's in the baggage car . ext . baggage car - day 73 73 Tom , Franklin and Roy be in front of the large door as the conductor push it back slowly . 55 . int . baggage car - day 74 74 amongst crate and luggage be fred bott , a young man of fifteen lie on the floor , unconscious . a wheelchair be next to he , turn over on its side . franklin mother of God . Tom leap up and into the car as do Roy leave Franklin below . Tom take he wrist . tom his pulse be slow . 75 75 ext . station platform - day Roy lay Fred on a bench . Franklin wheel himself over . franklin Son , can you hear I ? Tom bring a cup of water . Franklin put it to Fred 's lip . franklin Fred ? Fred open he eye . they be large and brown with a sweetness to they . his face come alive when he recognize Franklin . fred Mr. Roosevelt ?... franklin it 's go to be all right , son . h e hand Franklin a wear newspaper clipping from he pocket . the headline read : " franklin roosevelt swim he way to health ! " fred the conductor would not let I ride in the passenger car with my chair . Franklin look at the clipping , then at Fred . franklin when do you last eat ? fred knoxville . 56 . tom knoxville have to be three day ago . franklin Roy , take he to the car . as Roy lift Fred in he arm , Franklin wheel himself to the engine car . Tom follow as they approach the conductor . franklin who in they right mind let 's a child ride in the baggage car ! you could have kill that boy . conductor he have polio . probably still contagious . the conductor walk away , dismissively . Franklin push he chair up and stop the conductor in he track . franklin do not dismiss I because I sit in this chair ! conductor get away from I . Franklin push the wheel of he chair with such force he knock the conductor over . franklin you ignorant son of a bitch . if I could , I would get up right now and lock you in that box car ! see how you like it ! tom Franklin ... the conductor struggle to get up . conductor get this lunatic off I ! Franklin wheel himself towards Tom 's car where Fred be now lie across the back seat . the sight of Fred drain all anger from Franklin 's face . franklin where 's the nearest hospital ? 57 . tom Atlanta . franklin what about a doctor ? tom closer , but not by much . the train whistle blows . roy train 's ready . Franklin look at Fred , then at Roy and Tom . franklin ( quietly ) let 's go home . int . cottage - night 76 76 Fred lay in Franklin 's bed while Franklin sit by the bedside . Roy lay a cold compress on Fred 's forehead . F ranklin be use he watch to take Fred 's pulse . Roy pull back the sheet to give Fred air revealing he withere leg . alabaster skin stretch over bone . Franklin look away . int . cottage - day 77 77 Franklin sit at a card table with he check book in front of he . Tom stand before he , shifting uncomfortably . franklin how many can pay ? tom fewer than half . Franklin open the check book and begin write . franklin I want this people in the cottage , not in the inn . it 's safer . tom well , it 's the way it have to be . 58 . franklin what do you mean ? tom I have already have some complaint . ( awkwardly ) this be the start of the season , Franklin . I have get regular who have come for year . healthy folk over all ... they be threaten to check out , afraid they might catch polio . franklin such ignorance ! do not they know that after the fever break we be no longer contagious ? tom I be go to have to ask that you not use the pool during regular hour . I will put time aside for you late in the day ... and it will not be possible for you to eat in the dining room either . but I promise I will find someplace suitable . franklin they do not want we to eat in they presence ? tom of course for you I can make other accommodation . franklin ( a beat ) that will not be necessary . Franklin go back to write out the check . Tom stand wait , the sound of the pen scratch seemingly interminable . they mutual discomfort be obvious . Franklin rip the check from the ledger and hold it for Tom . tom thank you . franklin we still need a doctor here . tom for Fred ? 59 . franklin ( pointedly ) for everyone . ext . cottage - night 78 78 Franklin be in he wheelchair , write . franklin ( v.o. ) " dear babs , thing be very different upon my return . " 7 9 79 int . hyde park - day Eleanor sit in a chair read Franklin 's letter . franklin ( v.o. ) I be take on responsibility which none of my schooling in the sphere of higher learn or politics could have prepare I for ... I have see the casualty of war . but I have never see this , a suffer so insidious , so silent , that it rattles my soul . " int . cottage - night 80 80 Franklin be tucking Fred in for the night . fred when can I swim ? franklin soon . when you be a little stronger . fred when I be asleep , in my dream , I can still walk . franklin I too . ( a beat ) how long have it be ... since you walk ? fred nine year . I would just learn to ride a bike . after I get sick my mom be sure that the bike have cause it . 60 . franklin do she sell it ? fred no . she take it out back and shot it . Franklin howl with laughter , join by Fred . ext . pool - dusk 81 81 Franklin be in the pool with the new guest . they be all nervously wait to test the water . from the look on they face it 's clear they only want to take they cue from Franklin . a mother carry she adorable 4 year old girl into the water . franklin and who be this delightful child ? daisy ( giggle ) Daisy . franklin all right Daisy , try and kick you leg . Daisy wiggle back and forth in she mother 's arm give it she very best effort . franklin excellent , Daisy ! jake perrini , 32 , bronx -born with a upper body of steel wheel over to Roy who be fix a wheelchair . jake Jake perrini , bronx , New York . roy Roy , sir . jake how you doin ' ? Jake reach out he hand to shake . Roy be unsure what to do . jake c'mon -- I will not bite . T 61 . roy ( shaking he hand ) mighty fine , sir . mighty fine . jake hey , would you mind pull I outta this trap , Roy ? I wanna get airborne . Roy gently lift Jake up and out of he chair , into he arm like a child . jake do I one more favor ? throw I in ? Roy toss Jake to the heaven and he sail through the air emit a jungle cry of pure emotional release before splashing down hard in the water . h e bob up to the surface . there be applause . franklin now folk , this exercise be of my own devise so bear with I . some laugh , some be confuse . this be new territory for everyone . franklin my hope be that in repeat this movement over and over in the water I be in some way cause the muscle to regenerate themselves and repair the damage . he swim to the edge of the pool . franklin so everybody grab the edge of the pool and move what you can ! hey disperse , eagerly ready to do what Franklin tell they . franklin go ahead now , do you best ! they leg barely rise up to splash the surface . undeterred , Franklin lead they on , spiritedly . in the distance we see Tom , lean against a tree , watch everything . F 62 . int . dine room - night 82 82 Tom oversee the dinner service of pay guest -- none of whom have disability . int . back room - night 83 83 segregated in a back room , all the polio guest be gather for dinner seat around a couple of sawhorse with old door throw across they serve as makeshift dining table . Roy carry daisy in and place she in the chair next to Franklin . ranklin do you have a reservation ? she begin to giggle . it 's infectious and soon everyone have a smile on they face , override the awkwardness of the situation . franklin whether in here or we there , I guarantee you the food will taste the same ... terrible . daisy should not we pray first ? franklin by all mean . would you do we the honor ? Franklin bow he head for grace . daisy bless the food on we table . keep we healthy , strong and able . amen . all amen . ext . factory - day with Louis in tow , Eleanor be touring the exterior of a ironwork factory . she be the only woman in a large gather of man . eleanor ( v.o . ) " my dear Franklin , I too be embark on a altogether remarkable experience . " 8 63. ext . build - day 85 85 leanor stand against a banner that read " child welfare league . " she be pass out pamphlet to a small crowd that have gather . eleanor ( v.o . ) " it seem everywhere I go there be more people in dire need of help . it would be overwhelming if not for my deep belief that help be possible ... " int . new york state assembly - day 6 86 Eleanor be be introduce by Louis to member of the New York State Assembly -- all man -- eager to shake she hand . eleanor ( v.o. ) " Louis 's latest flash of brilliance be to take I ' mainstream . ' he say that you would know what he mean by this . " ext . pool - day 87 87 Franklin be in the water . Roy lift Fred out of he wheelchair and gently put he in the shallow end . Franklin receive he . Fred 's face be ecstatic as he float on he back in the water . eleanor ( v.o. ) " I hope you be find you work to be gratify in both mind and heart . you beloved , Eleanor . " ext . meriwether inn - day 88 88 a very old car come cough in , steam hiss from its engine . helena mahoney , 43 , get out of the driver 's seat . her iron will be match only by she deep reserve of empathy . she get a good look at the Inn . this be what she have come for ? ext . cottage porch - day 89 89 Franklin and Roy , have finish lunch , be play checker . Fred be sit nearby eat a piece of pie . helena approach . Roy pull off a triple jump . 64 . franklin damn ! roy King I . Franklin reluctantly top Roy 's checker . fred you be lose , doc. helena Doc ? I be sorry , you be Franklin Roosevelt , be not you ? franklin depend . ( suspiciously ) be you a lawyer ? helena no . franklin then Roosevelt it be . wait ! he jump one of Roy 's checker . helena I be helena mahoney . I be a physical therapist . ( off they blank look ) you have no idea who I be , do you ? franklin should I ? helena I write you a letter right after I see the article in the paper . do not you read it ? franklin it get read , I assure you . but probably not by I . helena glance down at the checkerboard and point to it . helena ( to Roy ) he 's open right there . 65 . roy he sure be . Roy trounce Franklin with three swift move . roy thank you , mar 'am . helena sit at the table with they . helena I have be study the effect of moist heat on polio patient and I think with repeat exercise in warm water ... franklin it can help they regain lose strength . helena yes . franklin incredibly I have come to the same conclusion myself . helena ( a half -smile ) well , you be the doctor . 90 90 ext . meriwether inn - day helena be wheeling Franklin around the grounds . helena no ramp , no run water , no doctor ... from the article in the newspaper I assume this be a rehabilitation center . F ranklin do not believe everything you read . helena I feel like I be bring here under false pretense . franklin join the club . ( 66 . int . a barn - day 91 91 Franklin lie across a makeshift examine table . helena 's examination be in progress . she be completely absorb -- all business -- pour over he muscle inch by inch . she knead , bend and stretch they with a laser - like focus , finally pick up Franklin 's leg and rotate it out and around . helena push against my hand . Franklin , with difficulty , try to do so . franklin give I the good news first . helena you gluteus maximus be better than I hope . it will serve you well . franklin must be all that sit . helena I be serious . you right leg have some movement along the thigh . that 's good because we can use it to help extend you hip , flex you knee and rotate you tibia . franklin I be suppose to walk on one side ? helena the water may help build some strength I be not able to see yet . but to do that you would need to swim in the water much of the day . not the limited hour you have now . a beat ) why should this place cater to a few able-body folk when it could be open year round with polio ? ext . meriwether inn - day 92 92 Tom be push Franklin in he wheelchair . franklin there 's a need for a place like this , Tom . ( more ) 67 . be you aware nklin ( cont would ) fra that in the last epidemic over 16,000 people get polio in the New York area alone ? tom sound like you have be read up . franklin I wish there be more to read . damn few thing be write about any of this . to think of someone like Fred ... lock away ... he mind and heart so vibrant ... tom it 's a waste . a awful waste . Franklin take a beat -- the weight of this sink in . franklin what 's the acreage here ? tom roughly twelve hundred or so . why ? franklin I want to buy it . I think it would make one hell of a investment . tom investment ? franklin twelve hundred acre ? enough for two resort , do not you think ? tom it would take money . there 's a lot of land , rebuild the inn , add ramp and so many people can not pay ... franklin ( undeterred ) do you think old peabody will sell ? tom he will sell . franklin how can you be so sure ? tom have you take a look at this place ? 68 . int . tom' office - day 93 93 Franklin sit in he chair at a desk . franklin ( full of charm ) peabody you old reprobate ! how be you ? Tom be pace back and forth franklin you will never guess why I be call . ext . meriwether inn - MAIN entrance - day 94 94 helena be training a group of young men how to lift and carry use a raven haire young woman , eloise hutchison , 18 , as the test model . she sit shyly in she wheelchair before they . helena woodhall , this be eloise . lift she gently . woodhall busey , 17 , have bright red hair and a face full of freckle . over six foot tall he have spend he life work in the field . W oodhall yes , mar 'am . he pick eloise up effortlessly , then set she back down . helena very good ! watch she brace . woodhall kneel before eloise like Prince charm , carefully straighten out she leg . woodhall you be light as a ... he notice the long jag scar along eloise 's wrist . eloise , sense he eye , self - consciously pull down she sleeve . he stare at she questioningly . eloise ( look away ) I be a dancer ... Tom and Franklin come out . Franklin give a question look to helena , ponder how this boy have suddenly appear . T 69 . helena good news ... I raid the pool hall . I call they my push boy . franklin welcome push boy ! good day , eloise . eloise hello , Mr. Roosevelt . tom want to tell they you good news ? Franklin be smile like the cat that eat the canary . franklin it 's hardly a do deal , but for better or worse , you may be look at the new owner of this God - forsaken place . int . cottage - evening 95 95 a free wheeling game of poker . heavy with cigarette and cigar smoke , Franklin , Tom , Fred , Jake and Pat be play . PAT Polio 's always go to be a lose financial proposition , but it do not mean you should not buy the place . franklin I be buy it . make no mistake about that . PAT good for you , doc. fred if you do not mind my ask , how will people pay for the service you be go to offer here ? most people with polio have a hard enough time make end meet as it be . om ( gently ) the boy make a good point , Franklin . franklin not everything in this world have to be about profit . p 70 . tom I will see you twenty - five and raise you twenty - five . J ake c'mon will ya ! the night 's still young . tom it 's twenty - five cent not twenty - five dollar . PAT do not mind he , Tom . he 's a cheap bastard . Fred and Pat fold immediately as do Franklin . franklin too rich for my blood . jake ( to Tom ) Fine ! here 's you twenty - five ! you better have something . they eyeball each other . gunfight at the o.k. corral . tom take it . I be bluff . gleefully , Jake slap he hand together and rake in the pot . at ( hand Franklin a fresh deck ) you deal , doc. franklin very well . gentlemen , the game be five Card stud , seven be wild . everyone groan . franklin seven be wild and you can all go to Hell ! ext . meriwether inn - ground - dawn 96 96 the sun be about to rise . Tom 's car be park in front of the Inn , pull up very close to the main entrance . the trunk be open . 71 . Tom , struggle with a suitcase , come down the ramp . he deposit it in the trunk and then walk precariously back up the ramp , have difficulty navigate the incline . he go back into the house for one last bag . when he come out , he 's surprised by what he see -- franklin ( o.s. ) where do you think you be go ? Franklin be be push by Roy in he wheelchair . they be both dress in pajamas and bathrobe , though Franklin have a blanket around he shoulder to shield he from the morning chill . Tom be catch . this be everything he want to avoid . tom go to asheville to see my parent . from the sight of Tom 's car stuff with luggage , it be clear he be not come back . franklin I can not do this without you ... we be only just beginning . tom you . ( you be beginning , not I . a beat ) I have get cancer , Franklin . it 's spread everywhere . Franklin be stunne -- utterly throw . franklin I ... I will take you to the best doctor . we will go to Atlanta right now -- tom I have see the best doctor . when you be in New York they open I up for the second time . now I just want to die in the bed I be bear . Franklin be struggle with this . tom you be go to do great thing . this place have a identity now -- a purpose . it have you . 72 . any guard Franklin have be go . he reach out and take Tom by the sleeve slip he hand into Tom 's grip it tightly . tom take care of yourself , Roy . roy God be with you , Mr. loyless . Tom take one last look at Franklin . franklin you never pity I . thank you for that . tom on the contrary , I envy you . franklin I will miss you all the day of my life . Tom get into he car and look at Franklin with a smile . tom good luck , Franklin . with a wave he slowly lurch down the long driveway and turn onto the main road . Franklin watch the car until it be out of sight . int . hyde park , new york - library - day 97 97 Sara pace wildly , wave a letter at Eleanor and Louis . SARA he want to use he entire trust fund to buy that ... leper colony ! eleanor Franklin have invite Louis and I to see the work he 's be do . SARA ( derisively ) work ! play in a pool all day long ? squander he birthright on a group of fawn stranger ? I consider this you fault , Eleanor ! eleanor I beg you pardon , mama ? 73. SARA you have indulge he and this be the result . eleanor ( challenging she ) indulged he ? I have indulge he ? Sara look away . eleanor he 's a grow man who make he own decision . SARA but he do not need to buy it . eleanor if it 's of any comfort to you , I agree . louis I be against it as well . it will consume too much of he time and energy . SARA then it be settle . we tell he no . eleanor no , it be not settle . we must hear he out . Louis and I must see for ourselves the work that he have be do then we will all discuss this further . ( a beat ) a no tell he no . they all look at each other for a moment . for once they agree . SARA perhaps I have underestimate you . eleanor perhaps you have . but that have be my fault , not yours . ext . meriwether inn - day 98 98 Fred , on crutch , swing himself up use one side and then the next under helena 's supervision . 74 . helena excellent , Fred ! keep go ... they be surround by many other , Franklin , eloise , woodhall , Pat and Jake . the beeping of a car horn get they immediate attention . Roy leap off the porch , skip the stair as he brother Pete drive up in Tom 's car . he park it and step out . pete Morning , Mr. Roosevelt . franklin Peter , what be you do with Tom 's car ? pete I be as sorry as anyone to hear about Mr. loyless 's pass . wished he coulda ' live to see this ! franklin what be you talk about ? pete Mr. loyless have I come up and fetch this right after he brung it to asheville . " Pete , he say , " take this home and fix it up for Mr. Roosevelt . " franklin Pete ... I can not drive a car . pete you can now . Roy open the passenger door and lift Franklin into the driver 's seat . pete get on in and I will teach ya ' ! he begin show off a system of pulley and lever that have be attach to both pedal . they thread through hole in a second dashboard , attach to polished wood knob . it 's a hand - control automobile . pete that one there be you brake . 75 . franklin get it . pete and this here 's the gas . fred hot damn ! you get hand control . PAT that be a thing of beauty ! Franklin begin run he hand over the polished wood knob . pete now you get to push it real smooth or it go all herky - jerky . Franklin excitedly turn the key and start it up . pete wait , Mr. Roosevelt , you be not ready to drive yet ! franklin oh , yes I be ! Franklin hit the gas as the car begin halting and jerking the whole way down the driveway . Pete be yell out instruction but Franklin ignore he . they all watch as he pull away . as the car hit the end of the driveway Franklin reach across Pete and open he passenger door push he out . Franklin tear off alone -- out on he first solo spin . over music : ext . country road - day 99 F 99 ranklin be drive by himself with the top down , thrilled to be move on he own . no one be push he . he 's free . the car cover mile of farmland , pass pine forest , peach orchard and cotton field . dissolve to : ext . bullochville train station - morning 100 100 a spend and anxious Eleanor , with Louis in tow , stand on the station platform , suitcase in hand . 76 . louis it 's a far cry from Grand Central Station . they be both silent for a moment . eleanor the wire say someone would be here to pick we up . the sound of tire screeching and a car horn cause they to turn around . it be Franklin , sit in the driver 's seat of he car . franklin you chariot await , Madame ! Louis promptly drop the luggage . then he and Eleanor walk over to the car , take in the hand -control . louis when do you learn to drive this thing ? franklin Tuesday ! 101 101 ext . country road - day Franklin drive wild and fast . Louis hat fly right off he head . Eleanor just hold on . ext . meriwether inn - day 102 102 Franklin , Eleanor and Louis pull up to the Inn . though the brush have be clear and the tree be newly trim , it 's still a wreck . Franklin be too proud to concede Louis and Eleanor 's disappointment . franklin can not wait to give you the tour ! ext . ground - day 103 103 Franklin wheel himself along the circular driveway , point thing out , almost manic in he energy . franklin a small schoolhouse will go there . we need it badly as many of the child be bar from the local school due to they infirmity . 77 . he point to a dilapidate gardener 's shed . franklin we also require a blacksmith 's shop so we can craft brace here on the premise . I have find a wonderful local man who can make crutch and cane . his work be outstanding . of course what be most desperately need be a hospital . that 's go to put my fund raise ability to the test . Franklin wheel himself up a ramp to the Inn as Eleanor and Louis follow . int . lobby - continuous 104 104 surrounded by peel wallpaper and threadbare furniture E Eleanor and Louis exchange glance . leanor what exactly be you propose , Franklin ? franklin that this will be the first polio rehabilitation and treatment center in the world . my personal trust almost cover the price of the Inn and the surround land . there will be a modest tuition charge to the patient which should hold we over while I seek out investor . louis Franklin , you be risk everything you have ... eleanor and there be other cost to consider . franklin mama will see that the child be provide for . eleanor I be not speak of money . 78 . franklin I have find something here which make waking up in the morning remotely bearable and the two of you stand there ... eleanor Franklin , I need for you to be practical and realistic . franklin ( furious ) practical ? I be trap inside a body that no longer move of my own volition . I be try to be practical . now either you be with I or against I . in or out ! eleanor I do not care for ultimatum disguise as debate . Eleanor start to leave . franklin where be you go ? Eleanor ! get back here . eleanor I will see you gentleman tonight . she leave . louis you can not talk to she like that . franklin oh really ? be you a expert on this now ? how should I speak to my wife , Louis ? louis with the respect she deserve . ( a beat ) look , I do not deny the work you be do here could be important -- franklin could be ? 79 . louis the issue be whether you want to run a rehabilitation center or whether you want to run for office again . franklin when I can walk , I will run . ext . pool - day 105 105 Eleanor approach the pool . it be as quiet as a church . she be stunne to observe over a dozen table set up in the water . on each table be a child or a adult polio wear they bathing suit . next to they be a physical therapist also in bathing attire conduct therapy . in hushed tone the physical therapists encourage and work the distress limb of the patient as helena swim to each table oversee the work be do . Eleanor sit down in a chair and watch fascinate . int . dine room - evening 106 106 the camera pan various table revealing leg in brace , leg in wheelchair , shapely leg , flaccid leg , child 's leg ... some reveal illicit romance , betrayed by secret hand hold and hand on thigh . Jake and a new physical therapist , mary beth , be particularly cozy . franklin ( o.s. ) this be a very special night we be celebrate . at last we be together eat in this dining room ! the hand come up and out from under the table , applaud . on franklin he be in he wheelchair dress in a jacket and tie . franklin now please join I in welcoming miss Jackie Mills , a new arrival along with she father , Samuel , all the way from oakland , California . 80 . close - up on jackie eight year old with black hair . her leg be in brace and she grip she father 's hand tightly . on franklin franklin let we also take this opportunity to welcome we two able-body guest , Mr. Louis howe and my better half , Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt . on eleanor and louis waving politely from they seat . franklin now for the musical portion of we program ... jake wait a minute ! I can not let this opportunity pass without say out loud what a lot of we feel in we heart right now . ( a beat ) you be a man among man , Franklin . a woman' voice and woman ! daisy and child ! jake ( laugh ) it 's a real democracy at warm Springs -- everybody get hear ! ( to Franklin ) you listen ? Eleanor , seat next to Franklin , watch as Franklin , in a rare moment of emotional nakedness , be at a loss for word . jake all right then , if I may do the honors of present to you the lovely miss eloise hutchison of Cottage C . eloise wheel herself out . in a sweet , but untrained voice , she begin the introduction to she song : 81 . eloise ( sing ) " think of what you be lose by constantly refuse to dance with I . y aou would be the idol of France with I . no yet you stand there and shake you foolish head dramatically , W hile I sit here so ecstatically . you just look and say emphatically : not this season ! there 's a reason ! " some member of the audience begin to smile , know what 's come . various staff step out from the kitchen to watch . eloise be join by three other -- all of they in wheelchair . eloise &amp ; chorus ( sing ) " I will not dance ! do not ask I ! I will not dance ! do not ask I ; I will not dance , monsieur , with you . " simple , but clever choreography utilize the wheelchair , have the audience cheer . eloise &amp ; chorus " my heart will not let my foot do C thing they should do . " horus " you know what ? you be lovely . " eloise " and so what ? I be lovely . " chorus " but oh ! what you do to I ! I be like a ocean wave that 's bump on the shore ; I feel so absolutely stump on the floor ! " this be too much for the crowd , include Franklin , Eleanor and Louis . they laugh and cry in equal measure at the sight of eloise and she chorus . the song finish , Franklin quiet down the crowd . 82. franklin before we say good night , I understand we Royal - taskmaster - in - residence , miss mahoney , insist on have the last word . helena rise from she seat . helena I do not think word describe adequately what Daisy and I would like to show all of you . ( call out ) be you ready , Daisy ? Daisy 's mother , cecile , carry Daisy to the center of the room where helena meet they . helena bend down and remove Daisy 's brace . the room be hushed . Daisy then begin to walk tentatively towards she mother . on franklin overwhelm by what be take place . he look around and take in the sight of so many different face ... some be beam , some be fight back tear , some look away ... the sight of it almost too painful ... a reminder of they own private battle . on daisy only a step or two away from she mother she fall the short distance and land in she mother 's outstretch arm . wild cheer go up in the room while Daisy 's face glow with pride . she connect with Franklin , who match she smile with he own -- genuine and beatific . int . cottage - bedroom - night 107 107 Roy lift Franklin out of the wheelchair and on to the bed . Eleanor enter hold a light candle . Roy be about to begin Franklin 's bedtime routine , but Eleanor gently reach out and touch he on the arm . eleanor let I . 83. Roy look to Franklin , who nod it 's all right , and exit . Eleanor close the door and put the candle on the bureau . a fter a beat , Franklin begin to unbuckle he pants . he then lie back on the bed . eleanor what be you most press concern ? Eleanor kneel before he and tug the pants down , slowly , so as not to catch on the brace . Eleanor fold the pants and carefully place they over the back of a chair . franklin get a doctor to live on the premise full - time . someone who , at the very least , could monitor we progress . make we legitimate . she begin to take off Franklin 's brace -- a series of intricate buckle . Eleanor slide the brace off he leg . his leg , though now deeply tan be withere and spindly . he be still wear he shoe . eleanor and that cost more money . franklin yes . Eleanor put the heavy brace against the wall and kneel once again to untie he shoelace . franklin but the real problem be no one be interested . the annual orthopedics Convention be be hold in Atlanta this weekend and I offer to speak . ( he anger surfacing ) they turn I down flat . Eleanor take Franklin 's pajama bottom off the bed and with tender care pull they up he leg . 84 . eleanor a few week ago , the condition at a garment factory on West 27th Street be bring to my attention . the owner claim everything be satisfactory , but would never let anyone in to conduct a proper inspection . she reach for Franklin 's hand and pull he up to a seat position . they be now face to face . eleanor it take awhile , but we finally get in . franklin we ? he search she face for clue as to the woman she 's become . he start to unbutton he shirt and put on he pajama top . Eleanor sit in a chair across from he . eleanor I show up with someone from the Labor board and we refuse to leave until they let we in . franklin what be you suggest ? eleanor at the risk of my good stand with the junior Assistance League , I suggest we crash the party . she stand and walk over to Franklin and run she hand through he hair . E leanor good night , Franklin . she go to the door and open it let in a shaft of light against the candle - light room . franklin good night , babs . she blow the candle out and close the door . E 85 . ext . atlanta STREET - day 108 108 Franklin 's car pull up to a massive stone building build in Greek revival style . Franklin look intimidate -- there be two dozen stair lead up to the main entrance . ext . convention CENTER - continuous 109 109 Roy climb the stair like a stevedore with Franklin sling over he shoulder . use enormous force , Eleanor be pull the chair up and over each step while walk backwards up the stair . int . amphitheater - day 110 110 the stage be light with a skeleton hang on a stand and large projection on a screen of spinal disc while a doctor , in a dull litany , intone a prepare speech . doctor a clinical situation where the radicular or nerve root be compress by the prolapse disc be refer to as a radiculopathy . double door fly open with a bang as all head turn to see Franklin and Eleanor . eleanor so sorry we be late ! franklin good afternoon ! Eleanor talk quickly while wheeling Franklin down the aisle . eleanor ( introduce herself ) Eleanor Roosevelt , niece of the late President Theodore Roosevelt and this be my husband , Franklin , former Assistant Secretary of the navy . franklin ( sotto to Eleanor ) be you sure this work on 27th Street ? leanor ( under she breath ) it seem to at the time . 86 . they reach the befuddle Doctor on stage whose name tag read , " Dr. bissell . " eleanor thank you , Dr. bissell for agree to let we share the stage with you today . it be so generous of you . Dr. bissell smile limply , save face . the audience vaguely applaud . Franklin and Eleanor be now center stage . eleanor my husband , as many of you may have read , be a victim of polio . however , victim be only a definition , not a state of mind . Franklin ? he look at she completely amaze . Eleanor give he a F encourage nod to take over . ranklin we all know that poor circulation be a chronic problem for limb damage by polio ... I have never be able to swim more than a few minute without become too cold . but there 's a place , gentleman ... a miraculous place not three hour from here where the water be fill with natural mineral at a temperature of almost 90 degree . that place , gentleman , be call warm Springs . close -up one doctor in particular , 60' , lean forward in he chair , listen with great interest . franklin patient can stay in this water for up to a hour . this be essential in allow they the time to work on strengthen they muscle . eleanor we have come to the share conclusion that research for the cause and the cure for infantile paralysis be paramount . ( more ) 87 . however , until nor ( cont would ) elea that day arrive more emphasis have be place on rehabilitation . we personally invite you to warm Springs to come and take a look . thank you . on the audience this " man of science " be mesmerize by Eleanor 's style , both warm and immediate . she have disarm they with she lack of pretension . on franklin and eleanor they two separate journey intersect -- lightning in a bottle . int . lobby - day 111 111 there be a receive line in place to get a last word or a autograph with Franklin and Eleanor . dr . willis , bespectacle , speak with they . dr . willis I see you speak at the legion Hall in Cleveland last spring . eleanor for the League of woman voter ? dr . willis you create quite a stir . not sure you will be ask back . Franklin be ready to intervene but Eleanor put she hand on E he shoulder stop he . leanor ( all smile ) well , I believe you must say what you feel in you heart -- what you feel be right , for you will be criticize anyway . damned if you do -- damned if you do not . dr . hebert , military in bear -- the doctor who listen so intensely -- step up in line and shake hand with Eleanor and then Franklin . dr . hebert Dr. Peter hebert . I have be do my own study in this area . ( more ) 88 . DR. hebert ( cont would ) if it be possible I would like to come and make a evaluation for the Journal of orthopedic Medicine . Franklin look to Eleanor , elate . franklin the sooner the better . ext . franklin be car - twilight 112 112 Roy be fast asleep tuck around the wheelchair in the back seat . Franklin smile in Eleanor 's direction . she look back at he shyly and smile in return . but she expression change when she see something in he eye -- something she have not see for a long time . eleanor what be it ? franklin ( a beat ) who be you ? Franklin reach out and take she hand , pull she close . he stretch he whole arm around she and place she hand on one of the drive knob , he hand on top of hers . eleanor I do not know how to drive . franklin I will teach you . they operate the car together -- they connection complete . ext . train station - day 113 113 Franklin and Eleanor be sit in the front seat of the car . Louis be already up on the train platform . eleanor I will break the news to mama . Franklin smile as they look at each other like two naughty child . eleanor I think it 's go to be fun . Eleanor burst out laugh , Franklin join in . F 89 . franklin babs ... word fail I . eleanor you ? Franklin Roosevelt ? she lean in and kiss Franklin on the mouth . eleanor I do so love you . she slide out of the car and go up to the platform and a board the train while Franklin watch she . Farmer and he wife from the school house graduation approach Franklin . armer Mr. Roosevelt you lookin ' mighty fit . farmer' wife Fine day , be not it . franklin it be . how 's the boll weevil situation ? farmer' wife I expect the boll weevil be always gonna be a situation , Mr. Roosevelt , but thanks for askin ' . Franklin 's energy and vitality be infectious . the politician within he be be reborn . int . train car - day 114 114 a beam Eleanor sit down next to Louis . he too be look very pleased . Eleanor take notice . eleanor why do I get the feel we be not smile about the same thing ? the train begin pull out . they both look out at Franklin . local be come up to he car surround he -- he be a magnet . louis he 's ready . 90 . int . state assembly , n.y . - viewing section - day 115 115 Louis be seat in the front row of the balcony of the State Assembly , he foot up on the railing , eat pistachio nut . also seat be two politico , jame hasting and stephen teller . hasting you can not kiss baby from a wheelchair . it will scare they mother half to death . teller Al Smith 's get a lock on the presidential nomination . louis correct I if I be wrong , but do not you think even after all this year that old Al 's still a little rough around the edge ? they laugh know this be a huge understatement . louis Franklin can help soften he image . hasting how ? louis let he put Smith 's name in nomination . teller and hastings be none to sure . teller well , he be a helluva speech maker . hasting yeah , but be you man up to it ? louis it 's in the bag , guy . Count on it . bluff be one of Louis 's strong suit and it look like they be buy it . just then , Louis notice a familiar face down on the floor . I S 91 . louis hey , stansbury , give my best to the miss ! ( to hastings and teller ) he 's lose weight . must have be the prison food . 1 int . meriwether inn - hallway - morning 16 116 a line stretch outside with patient wait to be see . among they be Franklin , chat with everyone else , expect and receive no priority attention . int . meriwether inn - day room - morning 117 117 Dr. hebert be examine Daisy . helena be by he side , fill he in on she case history . int . meriwether inn - night 118 118 helena , dress in a robe , walk the hall of the Inn . something be amiss . ext . ground - night 119 119 a empty wheelchair , illuminate by a sliver of moonlight . on a blanket nearby be Jake and Mary Beth . he unbutton he shirt and run she hand over he impressively develop upper body . they begin to kiss hungrily , passionately -- completely in they own world . several yard away , across the lawn , eloise be in woodhall 's arm -- they be dance . he be sing softly into she ear as they sway , she foot never touch the ground . not . meriwether inn - night helena , in a nightgown , be look out a window into the distance . fiercely protective and slightly envious of she charge , she pull a pack of cigarettes from she bathrobe pocket and steal a solitary smoke . ext . cottage - night 120 120 Franklin seat alone on the porch in the darkness . he drag on he cigarette and the red glow illuminate the contour of he face in repose . fade out : 92 . int . meriwether inn - front desk - day 121 121 Franklin be on the phone . Roy stand by he side . franklin hello , souder . how be you ?... could not be better . I be wonder if you would find a buyer for my naval print ? ( clearly not ) I see . well , they be in marvelous condition ... all right , souder . oh one more thing ... I have some beautiful piece of my grandfather 's -- t'ang dynasty ... really ?... a auction in the fall ? that sound promise . I will be in touch . Franklin hang up and sit deep in think . he rub he perspire forehead with the back of he hand . he look down at he hand and see that it be shaking . ext . ground - day 122 122 Franklin be walk on crutch aid by Roy . nearby , a group of child practice on parallel bar with helena . franklin what be I go to tell this people if I have to close thing down ? roy that you do the best you could . Franklin give Roy a look of gratitude , then notice lionel approach with he mail bag . lionel hand Franklin a fistful of open envelope . franklin any good news ? lionel creditor be gettin ' cranky . franklin the operative word be good . lionel oh , yah , almost forget . the doctor that come and study ya will send he report . 93. lionel offer up the envelope , but then pull it back before hand it over . lionel save I the stamp ? Franklin nod then grab it from lionel . he rip it open and begin devour the report . franklin ( read ) " ... therefore , in conclusion , my research have show that the overwhelming majority of patient here have show some improvement . enough for I to recommend warm water therapy as the standard post polio treatment to the orthopedics Society of America ! " ( he grip Roy 's arm ) Roy ! something catch Franklin 's eye and he smile begin to fade . roy what be it , sir ? int . cottage - night 123 123 helena enter the cottage . helena it 's not as bad as you think . Franklin slam the door behind she and wheel over to the table . he throw back a drink -- clearly not he first . franklin read it . out loud . page twenty -nine . helena I already ... franklin ( angrily ) read it ! helena " of the twenty three patient examine only one , a forty - four year old male , show little visible sign of improvement ... " this be one doctor 's opinion , Franklin . h 94 . franklin keep read . helena " there be mark fall away of the muscle mass on either side of the spine in the lower lumbar region . his lower extremity present a most depress picture . " she bring the page down , but Franklin gesture she to continue . helena " I feel after study he that the psychological factor in he management be paramount . he have such courage and ambition . yet at the same time he be such a extraordinarily sensitive emotional mechanism ... it be difficult for she to continue . franklin please . helena ... that it will take all the skill which we can muster to lead he successfully to a recognition of he severe physical limitation without crush he . " franklin patronize son-of-a-bitch ! I want to walk again . helena and you still might . this report legitimize we have work so hard for . we can raise fun now . it could change everything ! franklin it will not change anything for I . helena Franklin , I will not play this game . I will not feel sorry for you . e reach for the bottle , but helena grab on to it , stop he . 95 . helena I meet a boy today , ten year old . he 's paralyze from the waist down . why do not you go regale he with vivid tale about you trip to Europe and play football at school . tell he how you court you wife and fathere child . tell he of a life he can only dream of . ( a beat ) I can not help you out of a hole if I climb in with you . then we be both stick . int . meriwether inn - front desk - day Fred , wear a bow tie and a oversize jacket , be proudly polish off a desktop sign that read : " fred bott : director of admission . " helena be behind he read a file . lionel ( enter ) here 's another one he 's refusin ' . he throw a telegram onto a already large stack . helena why do not you read it ? lionel do not like telegram . all they stop and stuff . helena make you dizzy , lionel . lionel a little bit . Fred eye the telegram , then impulsively grab it , rip it open . fred " would be honore if you place my name in nomination for President . stop . the party need you . stop . your sincerely , Al Smith . " lionel who 's he ? ( 96 . helena the Governor of New York . hand it to lionel ) why do not you slide it under he door ? lionel all right . probably slide it right back . lionel leave . Fred and helena be silent for a moment . fred he will not go . he do not want to be see walk on crutch or be wheeled to the podium . helena the million listen on radio will not be able to see that . fred but all the people at the convention will . helena nod , " that 's right . " CUT to : int . cottage - afternoon 125 125 responding to a knock at the door , Roy get up from sit on the couch with Franklin , sullen and inattentive . h e open the door to Louis who walk right in . roy good afternoon , Mr. howe . louis hello , Roy . Roy take he hat and coat and exit to the bedroom . louis I can not believe you have make I come all the way back to this hell hole ! franklin I have do no such thing . F 97 . louis I be here to take you to Houston . you start you speech yet ? franklin I be not go . he stare at Franklin , drink . shake he head , he go over to the sidebar and pour one for himself . louis you know what this be , do not you ? it 's a golden opportunity . a springboard for you to run for Governor . ranklin be silent . frustrate , Louis take a seat in Franklin 's empty wheelchair . louis ever hear of a Civil War General name Francis nicholl ? franklin no . louis well , I never hear of he either . but this be one brave son-of - a - bitch . fought for the confederacy and lose he leave arm in one battle and he leave foot in another . then after the war he run and win the governorship of Louisiana -- twice ! franklin he be a war hero . louis ( with emphasis ) twice . ( a beat ) look , I have work like a dog to keep you name in play , grovel at the foot of the power - that - be in back room . franklin as much for you as for I . 98 . louis I will be damned if I be go to let you pass up a chance like this . it 's time -- and you be ready . ext . cottage - afternoon 126 126 wait on the porch be Eleanor and helena , who be seat , talk . Louis exit the cottage , defeat . louis you turn . Eleanor rise and go into the cottage as Louis take she seat next to helena . int . cottage - continuing 127 127 eleanor Roy , so good to see you . roy very good to see you , Mrs. Roosevelt . she approach a surprised Franklin . lean in , she run a hand across he stubbly beard . he look up at she . eleanor you be a mess . franklin the report . I will never ... she sit by he side and Franklin begin to cry . his sob grow louder connect to the despair deep inside he . it unleash a avalanche of grief . eleanor oh my darling ... franklin I be useless , Eleanor . I feel so useless . eleanor that 's not true . no one can make you feel inferior without you consent . finally , he sob subside . F E 99 . eleanor you have do a brilliant thing here -- a magnificent thing . Eleanor pick up the E doctor 's report and put it in the fire . leanor let 's get you in the water . ext . the pool - day 128 128 Franklin be wheeled down to the pool by Roy and Eleanor . when they get closer , Franklin make out someone already swim . elliot hi , pop ! franklin ( squinting ) who 's that ? elliot roosevelt be now 17 year old . he have he mother 's enormous blue eye and he father 's natural charisma . franklin elliot ! lliot come on ! you get in ? Louis and helena approach the pool . franklin I sense a conspiracy . louis you be not see nothin ' yet . ranklin smile , warily . ext . a clearing - day 129 129 elliot be climb a rope dangle high from a tree as Franklin and Eleanor look up at he . Franklin be stand on crutch . elliot descend with a flourish as helena approach Franklin with a single cane . helena Franklin , let go of you crutch . you be not go to need they . 100 . franklin what ? helena we be go to make you arm function as you leg . franklin how be that possible ? helena elliot , go to you father and stand on he leave side . elliot think this may work , pop . helena Eleanor , take the crutch . Eleanor take one crutch as helena take the other , replace it in Franklin 's hand with a cane . then , with elliot on Franklin 's leave side she bend elliot 's arm at a right angle , like a parallel bar , and hook Franklin 's leave arm around he . go over to Franklin 's right side she put a cane in he hand . helena ( to Franklin ) now use you right shoulder and pull you leave leg forward . he do so . helena good ! now with the muscle in you leave shoulder , pull you right leg . franklin one small bump and I will land right on my keister ! helena that 's what elliot be for . he 's go to hold you up . hitch you leg ! come on ! Franklin and elliot attempt to walk . it require immense strength and effort on both they part . 101 . helena ( ever the taskmaster ) elliot , do not lean in -- stand up straight . pull against he . he need you ! after one or two step the enormity of it overwhelm Franklin . franklin I can not . elliot I be strong , pop . you can not hurt I . helena you can do this , Franklin ! keep go ! they start the walk again . it 's awkward ... difficult ... but it 's work . louis ( under he breath ) I will be damned . Franklin stop , exhaust . eleanor Franklin , be you all right ? franklin I be fine . I be just ... Roy run in with a chair and help Franklin into it as helena , Eleanor , Louis , elliot and Roy all look at he , concerned . helena this be not a replacement for the real work we be do to get you on you foot again , understand ? no one be throw in the towel or even agree with that doctor 's report ... franklin I know , I know . helena I know it 's not practical -- F h 102 . franklin no , it 's not . ( a beat ) it 's political . Franklin look at Louis , then to Eleanor , and realize that this could be it . 1 ext . ground - afternoon 30 130 Franklin and elliot be walk . helena be close behind , coach . elena use elliot , not the cane . switch you weight to elliot ... good ! keep you head up . off to the side Pat , Jake , eloise , woodhall and Daisy be have a informal picnic , observe Franklin . eloise why be he work so hard to hide it ? jake he do not have a choice . eloise oh , I disagree . jake how can you disagree ? " there but for the grace of God go we , " that 's what they be say . as if we body be who we be , but it 's not . it 's we soul be who we be , but they do not know that . eloise I wish he could just wheel himself out there in front of everybody . PAT he can not do that eloise , it 's politics . jake it 's not gonna matter if he hide he leg as long as he do not hide what he know . and what he know be what it 's like to be one of we . ranklin , get closer , raise he cane in greeting . 103 . franklin good afternoon , everyone ! off-balance Franklin go down hard bring elliot down with he . Eleanor , Louis and Roy all rush to he aid , but helena be there first . helena take a moment to catch you breath ... franklin damn . you okay son ? elliot I be fine , pop . daisy you fall down . franklin yes , I do , Daisy . twelfth time today . must be a new record ! Daisy laugh as do the other , though some can not hide they concern . Franklin struggle hard as Roy and elliot help he to he foot . 131 131 int . cottage - night Eleanor be pack Franklin 's suitcase while Franklin , sit up in bed dress in pajamas , work on he speech . franklin ( read aloud ) and so America must find ... ( reconsider ) no , America need a pathfinder ... Louis , pace in shirtsleeve , nod approvingly . louis that 's good . franklin to emblaze the trail along a high road that will avoid ... avoid the bottomless morass ... discourage , Franklin push aside the page . 104 . louis what be it ? what 's wrong ? franklin what if I fall ... try to get to the podium . louis if you fall , you show they how to get up . franklin no , if I fall in front of thousand of people I lose everything but they pity . ( a beat ) they will be write my obituary before I get up off the floor . louis elliot will not let you fall , he will be there . all the arrangement have be make , boss . it will be fine . franklin who be we fool ? this will never work . they will never let I back into politics . they will never see past my leg . eleanor my darling , they will never see past you leg unless you do . 132 132 ext . meriwether inn - morning Franklin be settling into the driver 's seat of he car , aid by Roy . Eleanor be seat next to he ; Louis and elliot in back . Franklin 's attention be divert by something he see straight ahead . it be the entire warm Springs group come down the driveway in chair and on crutch . all the patient , the push boy , the physical therapist , helena , Jake , Fred , aunt Sally , eloise and lionel . fred do not worry , Doc -- we be not come with you . F 105 . franklin oh , you will be with I . no question of that . ( a beat ) I be proud more than you will ever know to be part of this community . ( he voice grow stronger ) a community base not on birthright or privilege , but on compassion and courage . the true power of this water be that they bring we all together . we ability to help one another be what will make we victory over polio endure . we ability to survive ... despite the odd . F ranklin look out at the sea of face . franklin what we have do and will continue to do until this disease be defeat be come together -- like a family -- and do what we do best ... ( he voice break ) lift each other up . Franklin start the car as the crowd begin to disperse . then , spying helena , Franklin call out to she . franklin miss mahoney I need to speak with you , please . helena sure , doc. off she smile , Franklin reach into he pocket and withdraw a small box . franklin thank you . he hand it to helena . she just stare at it , at a loss for word . ranklin open it . she do so , tentatively , revealing a lady watch . 106 . helena it 's beautiful . franklin do not wear it in the pool . helena I will try not to . good luck , Franklin . franklin I be throw myself to the wolf . helena you have face worse . and if they bite , you can come back here . franklin I will always come back here . helena step away and Franklin pull out and down the driveway . CUT to : 133 133 int . houston train station - night Dark and desert Roy be carry Franklin down a flight of stair . Louis be hastily check over he shoulder . if possible , Eleanor appear even more nervous than Louis . franklin you be be superstitious , Louis . there be not any reporter here . suddenly out of the darkness a flashbulb pop revealing a dozen or more reporter stare incomprehensibly at the sight of a six foot , 200 lb. man be carry like a baby in the arm of a black man . no one do or say a thing . the photographer who have the wherewithal to snap the one picture raise he camera to take another . but dan reed , a reporter for the New York Herald tribune and a gentle giant at over six foot - four , reach out and place a massive hand over the lens . slowly , but firmly , he pull the camera down . reed ( quietly ) no. 107 . Louis and Eleanor stand stock still , tense , watch the scene unfold Roy be sweat ; he arm grow weak . elliot bring the chair around and Roy gently lower Franklin into it . it 's a measure of reed 's stand with this group that he authority be unquestion . but the photographer raise he camera again . only now reed be not as kind . he grab the camera from he and open the back , pull out the film and expose it . photographer hey ! reed ( tipping he hat ) good to see you , Mr. Roosevelt . franklin thank you . int . convention hall - houston - night 134 134 the enormous arena be empty but for some maintenance worker and janitor . Louis enter and make he way to the stage . he approach dead center and stand behind the podium look out . gripping the podium hard he rock it back and forth . take no chance , he pull a hammer out from the rear of he waistband and a bunch of nail from he coat pocket . look around to see if anyone be pay any attention to he he quickly duck down behind the podium . the sound of hammering fill the hall as Louis , on he knee , nail the podium to the floor . dissolve to : int . convention hall - day 135 135 twenty thousand conventioneers be roasting in the hall . it be Houston in the summer and it 's broiling hot . a sea of hand - hold red , white and blue fan be be wave all at once -- most bear the word " smith for president . " near the stage be a long table where the new breed of radio reporter be seat , each in front of a primitive look microphone . a 108 . hover in a group off to the side be Dan reed and the reporter from the previous night . int . backstage - continuing 136 136 Franklin be stand ramrod straight hold onto elliot 's arm . he look handsome in a navy pin-stripe suit . as everyone else be sweat no one notice that Franklin be perspire more than F most . ranklin where be she seat ? Louis , a human train wreck himself , reach over to mop Franklin 's brow with a handkerchief . louis in a box stage leave . give I you hand . Franklin take he hand off he cane . it 's soaking wet . Louis wipe it , gently . franklin Louis , what the hell be I do ? louis put you big toe in the water . just then , a voice boom out from the loudspeaker : loudspeaker ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman , I would like to introduce to you a man who as Assistant Secretary of the navy serve we country with distinction . member of a illustrious family of long - stand political commitment to we great nation ... lady and gentleman : Franklin delano Roosevelt ! Franklin turn to elliot and they both take deep breath . franklin ( to elliot ) let 's go . the curtain part and they begin move forward . 109 . int . the stage of the democratic convention - continuing 137 137 a blinding spotlight pick up Franklin and elliot . the spotlight follow they as they make they way to the podium . Franklin be hitching each leg forward , slowly . the tip of he cane hit the floor with pinpoint accuracy for balance and support . he lean heavily on elliot 's arm . the walk appear effortless . he chat with elliot the whole way , still manage to flash the conventioneers he million dollar smile . but the walk be slow and the ovation be beginning to fade . 138 L 138 int . backstage - continuing ouis stand in the wing clutching the curtain with one hand and cover he eye with the other . int . democratic convention BOX - continuing 139 139 Eleanor sit look down at she lap , afraid to even breathe . int . the stage - continuing 140 140 Franklin and elliot be still ten step away from the podium . sense the crowd noise weaken , he whisper to elliot . franklin laugh as if I be make a joke . elliot throw back he head and laugh . the crowd , want to be in on it , rise as one in a sustained cheer ! but a puddle of sweat cause by the drip perspiration from Franklin 's hand be cause the tip of he cane to slip . elliot , ever aware , grip he tighter , averting disaster and finally they reach the podium . Franklin grab one side of the podium while elliot , with a sleight of hand houdini would admire , lock he father 's brace , whisk the cane away , pull he father 's speech from he breast pocket and lay it smoothly on the podium . the view from behind display how Franklin 's leg be spread wide for stability as he clutches the podium . he hold on tightly , as if the wood might snap from he grip . from out front the crowd see only a powerful man stand tall amidst the flashbulb popping . 110 . Franklin have make it . he be home . int . meriwether inn - lobby - continuous 141 141 all the denizen of warm Springs be crowded around the radio . radio announcer ( v.o. ) here on the stage be Franklin Roosevelt ... a figure tall and proud even in suffer ; a face of classic profile ; a frame nervous and yet self - control . a man soften , cleanse and illumine with pain . 1 42 int . WARWICK HOTEL , houston - smith's suite - continuous 142 governor al smith , 51 , be seat by a radio , surround by cronies . a overblown irishman with gold cap tooth and heavy New York accent . he chomp on a light cigar that never leave the side of he mouth . crony # 1 Hell of a ovation , al. could not have ask for anything more . Smith sit silently puffing on he cigar . crony # 2 you may have to be careful though . look like you be raise up a rival . smith ( after a beat ) Mark my word . he will be dead in a year . int . democratic convention BOX - continuing 143 143 Eleanor applaud Franklin as a reporter lean in . reporter Mrs. Roosevelt , one last question . eleanor yes ? reporter do you think polio have affect you husband 's mind ? eleanor ( smile ) yes , I do . I certainly do . 111 . int . convention stage - continuous 144 144 Franklin stand before the crowd . his magnetism be incontestable . he radiate infinite possibility . he look up to Eleanor 's box and they smile at one another as the crowd continue to applaud . dissolve to : ext . warm spring - day 145 145 the mineral spring gently ripple as Franklin appear in the water . as the follow word appear on the screen , Franklin slowly and confidently swim out of frame . crawl four year later , Franklin delano Roosevelt be elect President of the United States . he be elect three more time -- unprecedented in U.S. History . during he year as President , he see the country through the great Depression and a world war wage on six continent . on April 12 , 1945 , in the thirteenth year of he presidency , at the age of sixty - three , Franklin Roosevelt die in he cottage at warm Springs . the beneficiary of he $ 562,000 life insurance policy be warm Springs ... which continue to flourish as a rehabilitation center to this day .