warning shot written by breanne mattson fade in : ext . cemetery - day 1 this be one of that country cemetery that would be a ordinary pasture without the grim slab . audrey , 30 , in a flow dress that gently roll like wave in the breeze , stand next to ... cheyenne , 8 , a adorable little likeness of she mother . together , they be a symbol of all that 's beautiful about life . they gaze blankly at a casket in a open grave , ponder mortality . audrey we should go . she put she hand on cheyenne 's shoulder . steer she toward a single car park on the gravel road . cheyenne how come everyone leave so soon ? audrey probably have thing to do . cheyenne there be not that many people . audrey grandpa be pretty old . cheyenne then it seem like he would have have more friend than anyone . audrey most of he friend have already die , sweetie . ext . farmhouse - day 2 the house be small with add - on , isolate and derelict , with a couple of dilapidate building behind it , a old barn and machine shed . other than the dusty road lead to it , it 's surround by woodland . audrey 's car pull up the gravel driveway , stop behind the house . audrey and cheyenne climb out , scan the area . cheyenne have I ever be here before ? audrey yes . you be too young to remember . I usually visit while you be with grandma and grandpa . they approach the barn like they be walk in the park . cheyenne I think this be my grandpa . audrey no , this be my grandpa . cheyenne drift toward a field as audrey reach the doorway . audrey ( cont ’d ) do not go too far , cheyenne . and do not get you dress dirty . int . barn - day 3 audrey step cautiously into the dingy building . it 's fill with a lifetime 's worth of dusty old farm equipment . a coil of rope hang on the wall . audrey touch a old harness , smack the dust off she hand . ext . farmhouse ground - day 4 cheyenne approach a large woodpile . when she get close ... a covey of quail suddenly erupt from the pile , they tweeting fill the air . caught off guard , cheyenne fall back onto the ground . she watch in wonder as the bird fill nearby tree . audrey step out of the barn to see what 's go on . audrey what do you do ? cheyenne climb off the ground and shrug . cheyenne nothing . I just walk to the woodpile . audrey well , come away from there . do not bother the bird . cheyenne make she way back . cheyenne I do not . audrey brushes cheyenne 's dress off . audrey I tell you not to get dirty and it 's the first thing you do . cheyenne I be sorry . she point to a dusty spot on audrey 's dress . audrey brushes it off . audrey I guess I should have tell myself not to get dirty too . they share a laugh . audrey put she arm around cheyenne . audrey ( cont ’d ) come on . let 's look around some more . cheyenne be we go into the house ? audrey I have to get the key from Mr. pendleton . int . bobby 's office - day 5 bobby , 30 , affluent and sleazy , pace behind he desk . bobby that water rights have be in he family since the eighteen hundred . we now see the two man Bobby speak to ... first there 's jawari , late 30 , a African - american with a moustache . his face have a gentle quality . then there 's rainy , 30 , slouched in he chair . his eye would be completely empty except for a sinister tinge . bobby ( cont 'd ) the old man 's personally own they since nineteen-thirty - nine . it 's go to take some persuasion . Bobby lean over he desk to bring full attention to what he 's about to emphasize . bobby ( cont 'd ) I want you to persuade he . do you two know each other ? jawari and rainy look each other over . jawari I have see he around . rainy I get a friend who say he buy a skimpy bag of weed from he . jawari stiffen , offended . jawari I do not sell skimpy bag . rainy have a bunch of stem in it . jawari bullshit . Bobby dismiss they with a wave as he sit . bobby all right , all right . jawari , rainy . rainy , jawari . can you two work together ? rainy lean on Bobby 's desk with a smart aleck smirk . rainy hey , man , I be a professional . Bobby look at jawari for a answer . jawari nod . bobby all right , listen . I just want you to loosen the old man up . do not kill he . jawari when do you want it do ? bobby tomorrow . around noon . just hold he there . i’1l drop by later with the papers . rainy what if he give we trouble ? Bobby flash rainy a sharp look . bobby listen , asshole . what do I just say ? do not kill he . he can not sign any papers dead . rainy I be just ask . he might have a shotgun or something . bobby he 's in he ninety . can not you handle a guy in he ninety ? ext . trailer park -— day 6 the back door of a tiny trailer open . audrey lean out , hang off the doorframe . audrey cheyenne ! dinner 's ready ! she retreat , close the door , almost like a cuckoo clock . int . audrey 's trailer - live room - day 7 audrey turn from the back door , make she way through the modest family area and to the ... kitchen 8 she stop over the stove where a pot of soup simmer . grab a ladle and stir . cheyenne rush through the front door , breathe heavily , carry a piece of paper with tape on it . audrey why be you out of breath ? cheyenne James and Chris be chase I and Lucia . they say they be go to throw we in the pond . audrey oh really ? go wash up . cheyenne start for the bathroom . audrey ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? cheyenne hurry back , still hyper , hold the paper out . cheyenne it be on the door . what 's for dinner ? she hand audrey the paper and scurries off . audrey vegetable soup . audrey examine the paper . it 's a final eviction notice . she frown , look up . cheyenne 's already in the bathroom with the water run . audrey call out . audrey ( cont ’d ) what do you think of the farm ? do you like it ? cheyenne ( 0.s. ) yeah ! it be okay ! audrey pull two bowl from the cupboard . audrey just okay ? cheyenne come back to the kitchen as audrey fill a bowl . cheyenne it be fun to run around . there 's lot of place to go . they sit at the table to eat . audrey nudge a package of cracker toward cheyenne . audrey there 's cracker if you want . cheyenne grab some , crush they over she soup . audrey ( cont ’d ) so , you know , grandpa be kind of a hermit in he old age . I be probably the only family he really have any contact with . she wait for a reaction . cheyenne sip she soup . audrey ( cont ’d ) he might leave I something in he will . cheyenne really ? like what ? audrey like , I do not know . Mr. pendleton hint he might leave I the farm . cheyenne really ? audrey hesitates , try to be tactful . audrey it have a lot more space than the trailer . cheyenne do you have to work tonight ? audrey 's a little surprised by cheyenne 's disinterest . audrey yes . cheyenne who 's watch I ? audrey Lucia 's mom . cheyenne look up , grin . audrey smile . audrey ( cont ’d ) do not let the boy throw you in the pond . cheyenne giggle . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 8. 9 int . restaurant - night 9 it 's a small all - night place . audrey finish scribbling down a order for a truck driver at the counter . audrey would you like more coffee ? truck driver no thanks . audrey I all put this right in . she glide to a table as two customer leave behind scattered empty dish . audrey ( cont ’d ) thanks , guy . she stack dirty plate . notice the tip . she pick up ... maybe a dollar and a half in change . total . she 's stunne . 10 int . marty 's office - later 10 marty , the owner , 5as , sit at he desk look over tax papers , confuse and frustrated . audrey knock . audrey get a minute ? marty glance at he watch . marty a minute be about all you get . I be stressin 's over this tax mess . this be my last extension . audrey sit across from he . audrey I be have some hard time financially . marty gesture at the tax papers . marty be not we all ? audrey I need to make some extra money . marty that 's what tip be for . you want more money ? Flirt with the customer more . audrey I be not ask for a raise . I be just wonder if I could get some extra hour . marty I be look at cut back hour as it be . audrey I get a kid , marty . marty please do not give I a sob story . I get at least one of that a week . marty go back to work , ignore she . defeat , audrey start to leave . marty sigh , rub he face . marty ( cont 'd ) all right , look . you need some extra cash and I need to relax . we be a match make in heaven . he shrug , wonder if she get he meaning . she get it and she do not appreciate it . she summon courage . audrey you owe I overtime pay . marty ( annoyed ) I tell you , you will get you overtime when I get my tax refund . audrey I know you have the money . you just buy a new car . marty so we have come to this ? you wanna play hard ball ? might I remind you that there 's no actual record of this alleged overtime . audrey stare in disbelief . it quickly turn to anger . audrey I know you would do this . 11 12 10 . marty you all agree to it . audrey you change all we time - sheet . marty you sign they . audrey what choice do we have ? marty I be gonna pay you . I just can not do it right now . you will just have to wait ... like we agree . she turn away , speak under she breath . audrey asshole . marty I hear that . that 's a code of conduct violation . I could dock you pay for that . she walk away while he 's talk . ext . parking lot - next day 11 jawari park he car a few space over from rainy 's truck . rainy climb out , clumsily carry a rifle and a handgun , all while hold onto a plastic ring for a sixpack of beer . int . jawari 's car - day 12 jawari watch stunne as rainy awkwardly climb into he car . once settle , rainy hold up the sixpack . rainy wanna beer ? jawari what the fuck be wrong with you ? rainy what ? it 's just beer . jawari I be talk about you carry gun right out in the open . 11 . rainy nobody see I . ( be : the rifle ) besides , this be not a gun . it 's a rifle . jawari you really think we need a assault rifle for a old man ? rainy here 's you weapon . he give jawari the handgun . jawari a six shooter ? rainy it 's a thirty - eight . that 's respectable . jawari how come I get a six shooter like I be a fuckin’ cowboy and you get a semi automatic rifle ? rainy man , ' cause that 's what I get . that be my daddy 's gun . jawari daddy ? you call you old man daddy ? rainy what be you problem ? I just think we have have a beer together . jawari glance at the chamber . jawari where 's the bullet ? rainy dig they out of he pocket . rainy I get you bullet right here , man . he pull out six bullet , hand they to jawari . jawari six bullet ? that 's all I get ? 13 12 . rainy how many do you need ? it 's a six shooter . besides , we be not suppose to kill anyone , remember ? jawari stuff the bullet in he jacket pocket . rainy ( cont 'd ) you get any weed ? jawari give rainy a annoyed look . jawari it 's all stem , man . rainy oh , come on , man . you know I be just messin’ with you about that . besides , I know you personal stash will be the good shit . jawari hesitates , then pull a fat bag from he pocket . rainy grin from ear to ear . rainy ( cont 'd ) that 's what I be talkin’ about . int . mr. pendleton 's office - day 13 mr . pendleton , 80s , a relaxed folksy lawyer , remove a key from a drawer . he step around he desk to meet audrey and cheyenne . audrey this be Mr. pendleton . he 's handle grandpa 's estate . Mr. pendleton smile at cheyenne . mr. pendleton my , I never know he have such a pretty great granddaughter . cheyenne smile . cheyenne my great grandpa have a estate ? mr . pendleton yes , he own eighty acre . cheyenne have no idea how much that be , but it sound impressive . 13 . cheyenne wow , that 's a lot . mr . pendleton yes , it be . he look up at audrey as he hand she the key . mr . pendleton ( cont ’d ) do you have any plan for it if he leave it to you ? audrey stare at the key , cautious about she word . audrey it need a lot of work . I probably could not sell it for much . I have be wonder if it would not be cheaper to live there . cheyenne look up . this be news to she . mr . pendleton well , the will will not be officially execute until next week . we will go over the specifics then . audrey glance down at cheyenne , smile awkwardly . Mr. pendleton pick up on she distress . mr . pendleton ( cont ’d ) I be at the funeral . I do not know if you see I . audrey yeah , thanks . and thanks for the flower . mr . pendleton you know , I work with you grandfather on my very first job . we be just boy . audrey I do not know that . Mr. pendleton smile at the think . mr . pendleton pick the best corn we ever eat . audrey smile . Mr. pendleton turn to cheyenne . 14 . mr . pendleton ( cont ’d ) the first time I see you mother , she be young than you be now . cheyenne really ? mr . pendleton and do you know , she run away from I ? cheyenne giggle . audrey try to recall . audrey seriously ? mr . pendleton I stop by for a visit one day . they say you take time to warm up to people . after about ten minute , I catch you spying on I from the corner of the house . another ten minute and you be offer I a cup of pretend tea . audrey and cheyenne laugh . mr . pendleton ( cont ’d ) by the time I leave , you be hang onto my neck . they have to pull you off I . audrey so I warm up to you finally ? mr . pendleton oh yeah . you be a clever one too . you use a coffee can lid for a frisbee and get it stick on the roof . you tie a rope to a baseball mitt and throw it up there . audrey now that sound like I . cheyenne do she get it down ? mr . pendleton she sure do . as the laughter subside , Mr. pendleton give audrey a sympathetic look . 15 . mr . pendleton ( cont ’d ) a answer have no purpose without a problem , you know . audrey stare at he , perceive he 's refer to she current situation now . audrey but be there always a answer ? mr . pendleton oh , I think a clever girl will find one . sometimes you just need to repurpose a few thing . audrey and if that do not work ? mr . pendleton leave it to the wind . it 'il eventually blow off whatever 's on the roof . audrey I be the one who run away , though , remember ? mr . pendleton but you come back . his word lift audrey 's spirit a little . she glance at the key and return a fragile smile . audrey thanks . 14 int . bobbya' grandfather' bedroom - day 14 Bobby help he grandfather out of a wheelchair and into bed . bobby I be go to meet with the old man this afternoon . his grandfather strain to climb into bed . he cough , sickly . he 's on he deathb . grandfather I quit worry about that old man thirty year ago . we hate each other but we respected each other . 15 16 . he nestle into a comfortable position . Bobby sit at he side . bobby but you could never get he to sell . even dad could not do it . grandfather I do not want you to end up like you father . bobby I will not . I be gonna show you I can run the business . his grandfather put he hand on Bobby 's . reminisc . grandfather what be you gonna do , Bobby ? in my day , when you do not like someone , you tell he to he face , right before you loosen he jaw for he . if he have any gut , he crack a chair over you head . he cough . Bobby watch , know he 's the last remnant of he family with he grandfather so close to perish . grandfather ( cont ’d ) the old day be go . washed away like a creek bed . you can not just muscle you way around anymore . no one respects gut anymore . he close he eye , drift off . Bobby clutches he hand . bobby I be gonna make you proud of I . his grandfather grumble under he breath . grandfather thanks for help I off the shitter . int . jawari 's car - moving - day 15 rainy finish off a beer . rainy we need some more beer . you get any money ? 16 17 . jawari I will after we get this job do . rainy we need some money now . ext . intersection - day 16 jawari 's car pull to a stop at a red light . rainy 's elbow hang out the open window . he look over at the driver of the car in the next lane . it 's a pretty blonde woman , 20 . notta chance . her window be partially up and there 's a splotch of birdshit on it . rainy what 's you name , darlin’ ? she give rainy a cold sneer . notta notta . rainy notta . be that mexican ? notta no. rainy notta what ? notta notta chance . jawari burst out laugh . rainy glance at he , turn playfully back to notta . rainy you get birdshit on you window . notta why do not you lick it off ? rainy hang out the window . rainy you think I will not ? a sly grin sneak onto notta 's face . she 's game . 18 . notta I ’‘1l give you ten dollar if you lick that birdshit off . rainy climb out . the light turn green . jawari hey , come on , man . the light turn green . rainy step toward notta 's car . rainy bitch , do you even have ten dollar ? he get close enough to see down into notta 's car . she pull a ten dollar bill from she wallet . rainy see she have a lot more money . she wave the ten . notta I do not believe you will do it . he look into she eye with a smart aleck smirk as he stick he tongue out and ... lick that birdshit off she window like it 's chocolate and whipped cream . notta 's mouth fall open . rainy mmmmmmmmmmn . now gimme my money . notta , still shocked , hold out the ten . rainy grab it with one hand and with the other ... sling open a baliso ( a.k.a. a butterfly knife ) , press the blade against notta 's throat . rainy ( cont 'd ) I will take the rest of it too . jawari see what 's go on from he car . scan , panicked . jawari what be you do , man ? let 's get out of here . notta hold up the wallet . rainy grab it , back away . rainy remember , I get you address . if you call the police , you better hope they find I before I find you . as he climb into jawari 's car , notta can not help but ask ... 17 19 . notta if you be go to rob I , why do you lick the birdshit off my window ? rainy hang out the window as jawari pull away . rainy that 's just somethin’ for you to remember I by , darlin’ . he laugh like a crazy man as they drive off . int . audrey 's car - moving - day 17 audrey bicker with a upset cheyenne . audrey I be sorry I do not say anything before . it 's not set in stone . cheyenne what about school ? will I still go to the same school ? audrey no . cheyenne what about all my friend ? audrey honey , I do not know what 's go to happen . all I know be we can not afford the rent anymore . cheyenne what about dad ? can we ask he to help we ? audrey you dad do not give we any money . cheyenne 's eye well with tear . cheyenne but if he know we might lose we home , then he might . audrey all he would do be try and take you away from I . ( more ) 20 . audrey ( cont 'd ) be that what you want ? to live with you dad ? you have still have to change school . it get really quiet for several moment . both audrey and cheyenne gaze ahead , ponder . then ... cheyenne I know the birthday card from dad be really from you . audrey glance between cheyenne and the road , surprised . audrey how do you know that ? cheyenne no postage stamp or return address . so you can not threaten I with live with dad . I already know he would not take I . audrey smile , bittersweet , at cheyenne . audrey you be pretty smart , you know that ? cheyenne yes . just do not put a bumper sticker on the car about it . they share a laugh . 18 ext . farmhouse - day 18 jawari 's car pull up the driveway , park behind the house . 19 int . jawari 's car - day 19 jawari and rainy scan the area . rainy this place be a piece of shit . jawari yeah , but there 's supposedly a lot of water around here . rainy seem weird Bobby would go through all this trouble for some water . 21 . jawari he 's just try to impress he grandfather . 20 ext . farmhouse - day 20 jawari and rainy get out . jawari put he gun in he jacket . rainy hang he rifle over he shoulder . jawari you have to carry that out in the open ? rainy i‘1l stick it down in my pants . ( grab he crotch ) nobody will see it next to my dick . jawari roll he eye . they walk toward the back door . rainy ( cont 'd ) where 's yours ? jawari if it be up you ass , I bet you have know where it be . rainy damn , brother , what spoiled you taco ? jawari ( defensive ) Taco ? what do you mean by taco ? rainy ai not that what they eat down there in Dominica or wherever ? jawari fuck you , man . they arrive at the door . jawari knock . they wait idly . rainy so how long do it take you to smear that doo- doo across you lip ? jawari rub he moustache , self - satisfied . jawari shit , I shave twice a day . 22 . rainy bang on the door . rainy open up , old man ! we know you be in there ! ( be : jawari 's moustache ) if you shave twice a day , I shit gold brick . you could hardly tickle a twat with that velcro look thing . jawari you can kiss my damn ass , cowboy . I get more pussy than you can imagine . rainy well , if we be count imaginary pussy , then I guess you be gonna win . rainy bang on the door again . rainy ( cont 'd ) you be not fool anyone ! we know you be in there ! a few more moment go by . rainy ( cont 'd ) I do not think he 's in there . jawari turn and scan the grounds . jawari he must be around here somewhere . the two man spread out as they approach the barn . jawari ( cont 'd ) you check the wood on that side and come up behind the barn . i’11 check the other side and come up by that woodpile . rainy stop near a tree while jawari be still close by . rainy I hate tree . jawari how can you hate tree ? no one hate tree . 21 22 23 . rainy I do . once when I be hide out from the police , I be stick in the wood for week . nothin 's but goddamn tree everywhere . jawari no one hate tree , man . it 's impossible . rainy fuck tree . rainy look up the tall tree with contempt . rainy ( cont 'd ) know what I be gonna do ? I be gonna piss on this goddamn tree . rainy unzip he pants , and true to he word , start pee on the tree . he flip the tree off . rainy ( cont 'd ) fuck you , tree . jawari shake he head and move on . ext . farmhouse road - day 21 audrey 's car crunch gravel along the road toward the farm , stir up dust and pinging rock off the fender well . int . audrey 's car - day 22 Dust float past the window . audrey I ’‘1l never get use to all this dust . I hope the gravel do not tear the car up . they pull up next to a large mailbox . audrey lower the window , open the box . it 's fill with letter and newspaper . audrey take they in . audrey ( cont ’d ) we have get to cancel grandpa 's paper . cheyenne the mailbox be so big . 23 24 25 24 . audrey we could live in the mailbox if the house do not work out . they giggle as audrey raise the window . ext . farmhouse - day 23 audrey 's car pull up the driveway and park behind jawari 's . int . audrey 's car - day 24 audrey study jawari ' 's car , confuse . cheyenne whose car be that , Mom ? audrey I do not know . ext . farmhouse - day 25 audrey and cheyenne get out of the car . audrey pull out the key as she walk toward the door . audrey maybe it 's someone from the lumber company . I think grandpa be go to thin the forest . cheyenne separate , toward a apple tree in the back yard . audrey ( cont ’d ) do not you want to see inside ? cheyenne I just want to see the apple . audrey arrive at the door , unlock it . audrey okay , but do not eat any apple until you let I check they out first . then ... the massive tweeting of a large covey of quail grab audrey 's attention . she turn to see the bird fill the tree . she step away from the house , call out . 26 25 . audrey ( cont ’d ) cheyenne , I tell you not to bother the bird ! cheyenne ( 0.s. ) I be right here , Mom . audrey look toward a bush near the apple tree . there 's cheyenne , look right at she . audrey be not sure what to think . she look toward the woodpile with a uneasy feel . audrey wait here . audrey cautiously approach the woodpile , scan . from the other side of the barn rainy hide in the back . jawari be crouch behind the woodpile . rainy peek around the corner and pull back . jawari peek through a open in the woodpile . audrey stoops a little as she step nearer . she search the woodpile until she lay she eye ... directly on jawari 's . audrey 's eye widen in terror . jawari stand . audrey turn and run , scream ... audrey ( cont ’d ) cheyenne , get in the car ! get in the car and lock the door ! cheyenne see jawari chase she mother . she react quickly . climb into the car and lock the door . int . audrey 's car - day 26 cheyenne clamber to the driver 's side and open the door . she lock it again , then push it wide open . she barely make it back over before audrey scramble in . audrey slam the door just as jawari reach for the latch . jawari ( outside ) open the door ! open the door ! audrey fumble for she key in a panic . drop they in the passenger floorboard . cheyenne grab they , find the key . 27 26 . cheyenne here it be ! jawari bang on the window as audrey grope the ignition . she manage to get the key in and start the car . jawari open up ! we be not gonna hurt you ! audrey back up with jawari follow , bang on the roof . jawari ( cont 'd ) we be not gonna hurt you ! audrey work the shifter into drive . as she start to pull forward ... rainy appear at the passenger side window with the rifle aim directly at cheyenne . rainy stop the car or I will kill the kid . audrey freeze instantly , horrify . rainy ( cont 'd ) put the car into park . audrey hesitates . not defiantly but paralyze with fear . rainy aim upward . bang ! fire off a round , then aim at cheyenne again . rainy ( cont 'd ) that be a fuck warning shot . put the car into park or I will shoot she . audrey struggle to get she bearing . put the shifter into park . rainy keep he rifle train on cheyenne . rainy ( cont 'd ) unlock the door . audrey fight to focus , then unlock she door . ext . farmhouse - day 27 jawari open the door . jawari get out . 28 27 . he take she by the arm as she climb out . look at rainy . jawari ( cont 'd ) what be we gonna do with they ? rainy lower he rifle . rainy you see any rope around here ? int . farmhouse family room / kitchen - moment later 28 rustic charm , fall into disarray . dusty unkempt furniture , deteriorate over year of wear and neglect . audrey and cheyenne , both with they hand bound behind they , be marshall into the kitchen and family room area . it 's so small the kitchen table be adjacent to the couch . rainy push audrey onto the couch . cheyenne sit beside she . rainy toss the extra rope onto the table . kneel in front of cheyenne . rainy let 's start with name . I know you be cheyenne . that 's a pretty name . be it because you be shy ? cheyenne shake she head . rainy 's attention turn to audrey . rainy ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? audrey be so scared , she mouth be dry when she speak . audrey audrey . rainy audrey ? that 's not that pretty . what 's you middle name ? audrey Michelle . rainy Michelle . that 's much better . he look up playfully at jawari . rainy ( cont 'd ) ( sing Beatles 's song ) Michelle . ma belle . 28 . he laugh . jawari keep a stony face . jawari hey , man , can I talk to you ? rainy in a minute . ( to audrey ) where 's the old man ? audrey absorb a moment , confuse as to what they want . audrey grandpa ? rainy yeah , grandpa . audrey he die . jawari step forward . jawari die ? who own the water rights ? audrey Water rights ? I do not know . whoever he leave they to , I guess . jawari when will we find out who get ‘em ? audrey the will get read next week . rainy stand . rainy we can not watch they for a whole week . jawari step toward the next room . jawari let 's talk . they go into the ... 29 29 . live room —- day 29 it 's as large as the other two room put together , with a large open space in the middle of the floor . jawari face rainy so they can talk privately . jawari okay , first off , I do not like you point a rifle at a kid . rainy really ? the old man be once a kid . audrey be once a kid . if someone 's seventeen and turn eighteen tomorrow , do I have to wait until tomorrow for it to be okay to point a rifle at they ? jawari I have have it with you smartass bullshit . rainy I have have it with you pussyfoot . jawari hey , fuck you , cowboy . rainy fuck you , Zulu . jawari hey , I be bear in America , dumb shit . and do you even know what a Zulu be ? rainy yeah , he 's the guy who spend all day play with chicken bone ' cause he 's get the best drug . jawari that 's a sangoma , dumbass . rainy it 's all ooga booga shit to I , buddy . they stare hole into each other another moment , then look toward the next room . rainy ( cont 'd ) what be we gonna do with they ? 30 . 30 family room / kitchen - day 30 jawari and rainy return . jawari ( to audrey ) if you will sign the water rights over , we will let you go . rainy we do not even know if she will get they . jawari keep he gaze fix on audrey . jawari if she do , then we will already have the contract . how about it ? audrey stare , confuse a moment , then gently nod . audrey okay . jawari Bobby will be by in a bit with the papers . you sign and that 's it . rainy kneel in front of cheyenne . rainy what about you , shy one ? you know anything about this ? she shake she head . rainy ( cont 'd ) ( to audrey ) do she talk ? audrey she 's scared . rainy ( to cheyenne ) you mad at I because I point a rifle at you ? cheyenne nod . rainy ( cont 'd ) yeah , well , if you do not talk , I be gonna aim it at you again . and this time , I might fire it . 31 . jawari damn it , rainy , I tell you not to threaten the kid with a rifle . rainy you say you do not want I to point it at she . do I point it at she ? ( to cheyenne ) go on , shy one . cheyenne look to she mother for approval . audrey go ahead and answer he , sweetie . cheyenne Mom and I can not afford rent so we think we might move in here . rainy well , now , that 's interesting . how do you know you will get the house ? audrey we do not . rainy be I talk to you ? let she answer . cheyenne Mr. pendleton say we ’1ll probably get it because grandpa be a hermit and do not have much family leave . jawari reach into he jacket . jawari so that 's it then . she ’1ll probably get the water rights too . Problem solve . he pull out he gun . set it on the table as he sit . jawari ( cont 'd ) all we have to do be wait for Bobby . rainy swagger to the refrigerator . nose around inside . rainy I need a fuck beer . 32 . he go through the cupboard . rainy ( cont 'd ) damn . what do the old man eat ? chipped paint ? there 's more mouse shit than food in this cupboard . jawari he be ninety . maybe mouse shit be he secret to longevity . why do not you eat some , cowboy ? rainy you think I will not ? how much ? jawari I tell you , I do not have any money . you get some beer in the car , remember ? rainy oh , that 's right . why do not you go get it for I ? jawari fuck you . rainy playfully check out audrey . rainy audrey , go get my beer . audrey untie I . rainy chuckle . rainy she 's get wit . I like that . rainy eye audrey as he sit next to jawari . rainy ( cont 'd ) hey , man , step out for a spell . jawari look at rainy . glance at audrey . jawari we do not come here for that . rainy I know , but , you know ... speak quietly . jawari give rainy a look that say he 's not play around . 31 33 . jawari leave she alone . rainy smirk , not intimidate , but provocative . rainy you draw the line at push around old man , huh ? jawari just leave she alone . rainy stand , sling he rifle over he shoulder . rainy you must be the life of the party , Zulu . he saunter to the door . wink at audrey right before he walk out . she cringe . jawari dig the bullet out of he jacket , put they down on the table . pick up the gun and open the revolver . he pick up one bullet , pause before shove it in the chamber . he look at audrey . she 's frighten . he look at cheyenne . same frighten face . jawari do not worry . it 's for he , not you . just in case . he continue load the gun . audrey please do not let he hurt we . jawari pause again , look at audrey . softly nod . ext . farmhouse ground - day 31 rainy amble to the car . notice the tree he peed on earlier as he pass by . smirk , flip it off . rainy fuck you . he lean in the car , rummages around , pull away with a sixpack . pull one free and set the rest on the roof . 32 34 . pssshhht . pop the can open . take a big long guzzle . let out a loud obnoxious sigh . he wander down the driveway , notice the woodpile . pick a rock off the driveway and throw it ... pop ! the rock bounce off a log . tweeting erupt as quail rush for the tree . rainy ( cont 'd ) loud ass bird . int . farmhouse family room / kitchen - later 32 jawari finish roll a joint . light it and take a puff . rainy enter with three beer leave hang off the ring . rainy why do not you tell I you be fire one up ? jawari you do not ask . rainy set he beer on the table , reach for the joint . rainy let I have some of that . jawari hand it to he . jawari here . maybe it 'il mellow you out . rainy take a big draw . blow out a fog of smoke , cough . rainy ( while cough ) goddamn , this shit could bore a hole through a bank vault . jawari laugh . jawari Nah , man , it 's a acquire taste . rainy hold it out to audrey . rainy you want some ? audrey no , thank you . 35 . rainy you sure ? it will loosen you up . get the tension out . and believe I , darlin’ , I can see you be under a lot of pressure right now . audrey just shake she head . rainy hold it out to cheyenne . rainy ( cont 'd ) what about you ? audrey she do not want any . rainy I do not ask you . cheyenne glance at she mother , then shake she head . rainy ( cont 'd ) well , suit yourself . rainy take another big draw . jawari you know what you be , cowboy ? you be a glutton . you do not know when to quit . rainy cough a cloud of smoke , hand the joint to jawari . rainy if you want it back , you could just ask . you do not have to get personal . jawari laugh , take the joint . rainy stare at audrey with that sinister tinge bloom in he eye again . he squeeze between she and cheyenne . jawari notice , keep a eye as he take a draw . rainy look audrey up and down . rainy ( cont 'd ) comfortable ? audrey no. would you be , tie up with two psychos in you house ? rainy it 's not you house yet , remember ? besides , jawari be not a psycho . 36 . he laugh . jawari laugh along with he . rainy ( cont 'd ) the worst thing jawari have ever do be sell skimpy bag of dope . jawari hey , I tell you , man . I do not sell skimpy bag . rainy well , now , my friend would not lie . jawari you friend be a lie sack of shit . rainy now , take it easy . there 's nothin’ wrong with turn a profit . he look down at audrey 's lap . rainy ( cont 'd ) get a little extra out of a deal ... he put he hand on she leg . rainy ( cont 'd ) be there ? he ease up she leg . audrey , horrify , look at jawari . jawari hey , man , come on . rainy pause , look at jawari . rainy you know something , jawari ? I be get awful tired of you block . what be you , Zorro ? jawari man , all we get to do be wait for Bobby . you wanna fuck something that simple up ? rainy contemplate , then leap off the couch . walk around to the other side of jawari . rainy you be a real killjoy , you know it ? 37 . jawari just chill , man . jawari take a draw with he back to rainy . rainy raise he rifle , point toward the ceiling . rainy why do not you take a nap ? bam ! he bring the rifle butt down on the back of jawari 's head . audrey scream . jawari slump forward , fall from the chair into a heap on the floor . rainy ( cont 'd ) damn , that guy be annoying . he 'il be piss when he wake up . he step toward audrey . she draw back , terrify . audrey please do not hurt we . he sit between she and cheyenne again . rainy do not fret , darlin’ . I would not dream of force myself on you . you know what I want ? I want you to ask for it . go on . ask for it . audrey be so nervous , she can hardly speak . audrey I -- I do not know what you want I to say . rainy I want you to ask ... for ... it . audrey I can not . rainy you can . and you will . audrey cheyenne . can she leave ... rainy no , fuck that . you can say it with cheyenne here . she 's too young to understand anyway . 38 . audrey I can not . rainy stare at she long and hard . rainy okay , then . he turn a chair face the doorway to the next room . pull audrey off the couch and sit she in the chair . grab some rope and tie she ankle to the chair leg . rainy ( cont 'd ) then you can sit here and see what happen next . audrey please . I do not know what you want I to say . rainy grab cheyenne by the arm . rainy maybe cheyenne will ask for it . he pull cheyenne off the couch . she break into tear , scared to death , even though she do not understand what 's happen . audrey be horrify . audrey no , please , just tell I what you want I to say . rainy pull cheyenne along , toward the next room . rainy come on , cheyenne , let 's leave audrey to think about thing . audrey please , I will say whatever you want . rainy force cheyenne into the next room , out of sight , leave audrey not know what 's happen . audrey scream with tear stream down she cheek . audrey ( cont ’d ) take I ! take I ! her plea be meet with eerie silence . audrey ( cont ’d ) take I ! take I ! take I ! 33 39 . the silence be terrifying . audrey can hardly speak from cry . she make one last desperate call . audrey ( cont ’d ) take I ! she finally break down , sobbing uncontrollably . rainy peek back in the doorway , hold he hand over cheyenne 's mouth . rainy well , if you be gonna beg ... he push cheyenne down on the couch . loosen the bind around audrey 's ankle . rainy ( cont 'd ) I know my charm would wear you down . audrey 's eye meet cheyenne 's . the girl be traumatize . audrey sweetie , I need you to be strong for mama , okay ? it 's go to be all right . then ... knock , knock , knock , at the front door . rainy shush audrey . he peek out the window . rainy I think it 's one of that door to door proselytizer . he wait . there 's the sound of a pamphlet be leave in the door . rainy shake he head , step to the ... ext . front door - day 33 the man , david , 30 , be walk away carry a Bible when rainy open the door . the pamphlet flutter to the porch . rainy what 's this ? ( pick it up ) why , it 's a pamphlet . whatever could it be about ? a smile fill David 's tender face as he return . he 's innocent . 40 . david hi. my name be David . I just want to drop by to see if you have hear the good news concern we lord and savior Jesus Christ . rainy do you know what country you be in ? David 's smile fade . david I be sorry ? rainy it 's a simple question , David . do you know ... what country ... that you be in ? David digest , unsettle by the awkwardness . david America . rainy that 's right . this be America . david I be sorry , I do not know what you be get at . rainy point down the road . rainy do you see that church on the corner down there ? david yes , the big one ? it 's nice . rainy well , it 's one of about a million on damn near every corner in the country . do you really think you be gonna run into someone who 's never hear of Jesus fuckin’ Christ . David just stare speechless . 4l. rainy ( cont 'd ) I 'il tell you where you need to go . you need to go to one of that remote area of Africa , with all that crazy tribe that worship tiger and shit . that 's where you will find people who have never hear of Jesus . David shake he head , try to focus . david okay . I be sorry to bother you . rainy wanna know why Christians do not go to place like that to proselytize ? because you will get a spear in you ass , that 's why . they 's 1ll make a necklace out of you fuck head . david I 'il move on . he start to turn and see ... audrey in the window , horror all over she face . she mouth , '' help I . '' David turn away . david ( cont 'd ) have a good day , sir . rainy glance toward the window , suspicious . audrey 's go . he lean back in the doorway . look at David walk away . rainy you see something , do not you ? David turn around . david I be sorry ? rainy do not act stupid . you see something , do not you ? david I do not know what you be talk about . i’11l move on . he turn away . rainy grab he rifle , walk out , pursue . 34 35 42 . rainy that 's why I hate you people . you will lie like the devil the second it suit you . David turn , see the rifle . run away . rainy chase . rainy ( cont 'd ) oh , now you be gonna run away like a little pussy . rainy get close enough , rap David on the head . David hit the ground , sense reeling . rainy ( cont 'd ) I hate liar , David . int . farmhouse live room - moment later 34 rainy shove David , hand bound behind he , to the floor . this be the live room with the large open space . rainy I be not try to be a asshole . I just want you to admit you lie . he walk into the next room , still talk . David listen , frighten , unsure what 's go to happen . rainy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) audrey here do something to tip you off . we hear audrey moan as rainy grab she . footstep approach . rainy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) then you act like you be leave when you be really go for help . rainy tug audrey into the room , shove she to the floor . rainy ( cont 'd ) then I ask you if you see something and you lie . family room / kitchen - day 35 cheyenne toil with she bind . she glance cautiously between jawari unconscious on the floor and the doorway to the next room . 43 . 36 live room - day 36 David look up at rainy with a tight face . david look . I do not know what 's go on . I do not know why you do not just not answer the door . rainy this be not about I not answer the door . this be about you lie and not be able to admit it . david okay , I lie . rainy kneel by David . rainy well , now , that 's not a sincere admission , now be it , David ? david I do not know what you want I to say . rainy yeah , there 's a lot of that go around . he stand , grab the strap to he rifle to hold it secure . rainy ( cont 'd ) I just want you ... he kick David in the stomach . David draw in , groan . rainy ( cont 'd ) +.. to admit ... rainy kick he again . and again . and again . while audrey scream for he to stop . rainy ( cont 'd ) audrey ++. you lie . now be that ... stop it ! leave he alone ! so hard ? just ... admit ... please ! stop it ! you lie . rainy finally stop , breathe heavily . gaze down at David . 37 38 44 , rainy ( cont 'd ) I just want a little sincerity , David . be that too much to ask ? family room / kitchen - day 37 cheyenne work to free herself . she 's halfway there . she focus on the gun . resting on the table . then ... jawari groan . cheyenne quickly hide she hand behind she . live room - day 38 David look up with watery eye , completely sincere . david I be not sure what I see . I think I kind of know . but I be not sure . I do not know what I be go to do . he look at audrey , face fill with regret . david ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I do not know if I would have help you . I be not sure what I see . I probably would not have get involved . rainy do you hear that , audrey ? Mr. Christian be just go to leave you here to rot . it 's okay , sweetheart . you still have I . rainy pull David up to he knee . rainy ( cont 'd ) I bet you wish that prayer bullshit really work right about now , do not you ? jawari ( 0.s. ) hey , cowboy ! rainy whirl to see jawari point the gun . jawari ( cont 'd ) I ought to blow you head off . rainy step back . 39 45 . rainy come on , Zulu . you be not mad at I over that little bump on the head , be you ? I be just try to get a little time alone with my lady . jawari step closer , still aim the gun . notice David . jawari who the hell be this ? rainy that 's my new friend , David . he like to preach the gospel when he be not leave woman and child behind to save himself . jawari I owe you a whack . bam ! jawari crack rainy on the head with the handle of he gun . rainy drop to the floor like a sack of flour . jawari feel he head , grimace . jawari ( cont 'd ) I hope he head hurt as much as mine when he wake up . he turn toward audrey and David . jawari ( cont 'd ) what happen ? audrey David knock and he answer . jawari shake he head , try to think . jawari all right . let 's all go in the other room . we be gonna wait for Bobby . int . bobby 's office - day 39 Bobby stuff papers in he satchel . his grandfather step into the room . Bobby pause when he see he . bobby what be you do out of bed ? where 's you wheelchair ? 46 . grandfather need to walk a bit . get the blood go . Bobby go back to fill he satchel . grandfather ( cont ’d ) off on business ? bobby yeah , I get somethin’ I gotta take care of . grandfather busy man . he make he way to a chair , ease into it . grandfather ( cont ’d ) when I be young , when I build all this , I be a busy man . I have nothing , and I want everything . bobby yeah , I know . you tell I . grandfather my father tell I , " if you wanna make a million dollar , you be gonna have to do a million dollar worth of work . " bobby yeah , I know . you put it in a frame and hang it in you office . grandfather everybody think get rich be get lucky . they think of win the lottery , or hit the jackpot , or pick the right stock . they do not think about the hard work . the sacrifice . they do not see I digging well , shoveling mud so thick I could not lift my boot out of it . Bobby open a desk drawer . Inside be a pistol . he glance at he grandfather to make sure he can not see , then sneak it into he satchel . bobby they know who you be once you get money , though , do not they ? 40 his grandfather nod , preoccupy . grandfather I work so hard to make sure my child would not have to . now I wonder if I do the right thing . 47 . Bobby stop in the middle of close he satchel . bobby why would you say that ? we have get money , do not we ? that 's power . nobody push we around . grandfather I remember the thirst , Bobby . the parched mouth and the blister lip . it be all about the land and the pipe in that day . they work we like a chain gang . somebody else decide when you get a break . when you get a drink . I say to myself , one day I be gonna have all the water . I be gonna dig in this dirt until the land bleed . no one be ever gonna tell I when I can drink again . Bobby round the desk to help he grandfather up . bobby come on . let 's get you back to bed . his grandfather ignore he , lose in nostalgia . grandfather a man should have a right to drink water whenever he want . bobby I agree , but I gotta go . Bobby 's grandfather stand to go with he . grandfather I remember the bendix wash machine . int . bobbya' grandfather' bedroom - moment Bobby help he grandfather walk to the bed . on about the past . later 40 he 's still go grandfather when you get old , thing change . you can not stop it . bobby I know . Bobby help he sit on the edge of the bed . grandfather you grandmother be right , you know ? bobby about what ? grandfather about the vacation . she want we all to go to the World 's Fair . expo fifty - eight . in Brussels . you father be just a boy . you grandmother say we need to spend time together as a family . I yell at she and give she this spiel about provide a better life for we . Bobby help he lie back . grandfather ( cont ’d ) now look at everything . my son go to prison because he want money the easy way . he do not want to earn it . and water ? you just turn on the faucet . nobody think twice about it . you grandmother be go , God rest she soul , and there 's 1l never be another like she . and I ? I be lie here take my last breath , wishing I have go to Belgium when I have the chance . Bobby pull the blanket up for he . grandfather ( cont ’d ) they say nobody die wishing they have work more . but they do not tell you what you do wish for . all the little thing that mean nothing before become so important . Bobby frown , impatient and disinterested . 48 . 41 49 . bobby I really gotta go , okay ? he move toward the door , leave he grandfather stare wistfully at the ceiling . grandfather that 's life , Bobby . nothing become everything and everything become nothing . int . farmhouse family room / kitchen - day 4l audrey and cheyenne be on the couch . David sit in a recliner next to it . jawari be at the table with he gun on top . jawari this be just suppose to be a simple job . all we have to do be get the old man to sign the papers . now here we be with three hostage . the old man be dead . jawari pause , think . audrey break the silence . audrey if I sign the papers whenever this Bobby get here , will you let we all go ? jawari that 's the plan . you can not tell anyone . audrey we will not say anything . I do not even want the water rights . you could have just ask I for they . I can not take care of all the pipe and filter anyway . jawari gaze at she a moment , then laugh . jawari we could have just ask for they . he laugh harder . as it dissipate , audrey take a chance . audrey so how do you get mix up in all this ? you seem nice . 50 . jawari stop laugh , look at she . jawari Lady , do not get the wrong idea . I be not that nice . audrey hesitates , still try to gauge jawari . audrey thank you . jawari what be this ? you try to use psychology or something ? audrey I be just thankful for what you do . jawari really ? ' Cause it sound like you be try to get to know I . like maybe you think if I get to know you , I will be more reluctant to hurt you . audrey it 's not like that . jawari you watch too much tv , audrey . audrey decide it 's best to just stay silent . jawari rise . jawari ( cont 'd ) I have to go to the bathroom . you think you can stay here without supervision while I do that ? audrey nod . jawari step to the door . jawari ( cont 'd ) I can hear what 's go on out here . he step into the next room . audrey , cheyenne and David exchange nervous glance . audrey quietly rise , motion cheyenne and David to come with she . David balk . audrey and cheyenne sneak to the front door . audrey stop , notice David have stay behind . they eye meet . David shake he head , try to discourage they . audrey struggle to get she bound hand high enough to unlock the bolt . 42 43 51 . clack . it 's not that loud , but in this quiet room , and under the circumstance , it may as well be pot and pan clanging . audrey manage to turn the doorknob . creak . the door open be like tire squealing in the silence . audrey open slowly to mitigate the noise . finally , it 's open enough . audrey back out . ext . front door - day 42 as soon as audrey turn to run , she bump right into ... jawari . she gasp . jawari I know I could not trust you , audrey . he usher they back into the ... int . family room / kitchen - day 43 audrey and cheyenne step back into the room . audrey can you blame we ? jawari gesture for they to sit . jawari no , but it mean I can not leave you alone for a second . audrey and cheyenne sit back on the couch . jawari sit at the table , rub he face , disappointed . jawari ( cont 'd ) damn , audrey . I really do have to shit , too . audrey I promise I will not do it again . jawari you think I be gonna trust you now ? audrey there 's no way I can know whether or not it 's a trick . 44 45 52 . jawari I know I can trust preacher . damn , preacher , I can not believe you do not even try to escape . david I be try to keep we alive . jawari look more like you be try to keep yourself alive . live room - later 44 rainy rouse . feel he head . wince . struggle to get he bearing . look over and see the rifle next to he . family room / kitchen - moment later 45 rainy appear in the doorway , rifle train on jawari . rainy Zulu ? jawari look up , not the slight bit scared . jawari put the gun down . you be not go to shoot anyone . rainy first off , I tell you , it 's a goddamn rifle . he lower the rifle , focus on a rant now . rainy ( cont 'd ) a rifle ! do not you know the fuckin’ difference ! he hold the rifle up by the barrel . rainy ( cont 'd ) a rifle have a goddamn rifle bore ! it cause the bullet to come out spin ! like a football ! a gun have a smooth bore so its accuracy be shit ! he aim the rifle at jawari . 53. rainy ( cont 'd ) secondly , I think you know I better . what make you think I will not shoot you ass dead ? jawari pick the magazine for the rifle off the table , hold it up for rainy to see . jawari I take the bullet out . you have think a gun expert such as yourself would have notice he magazine be miss . rainy spin he rifle over , see the empty slot . rainy Son of a bitch . jawari you be do play cowboy . from here on , we just wait for Bobby . rainy stare a moment , then lower the rifle , completely change he tune . amble toward jawari . rainy ah shit , I be just messin’ with you . I be not gonna shoot you . jawari grab he gun , point it at rainy . jawari just have a seat . we wait for Bobby . rainy can not I even sit at the table ? jawari that 's too close . rainy Fine . i’1l sit on the couch with audrey . jawari no. ( to David ) you sit on the couch . ( to rainy ) you take the recliner . 54 . David switch to the couch . cheyenne scoot over to be in the middle . rainy saunter to the recliner . rainy Fine . I want the recliner anyway . jawari I can not believe the mess you have make . rainy plant himself in the recliner . rainy I ? I be just have a little fun . like the old day . rape , pillage , burn and all that . rainy glance at the small wood - burn stove next to he . there be several thin log on top and a couple of larger one at the base . rainy pull out he baliso . rainy ( cont 'd ) do you mind if I whittle while we wait ? he grab a thin log . sling the knife open by spin it gracefully around he finger . jawari I think you hate tree . rainy I do . that 's why I do not mind cut they up . jawari sigh . rainy idly whittles . rainy ( cont 'd ) I 's all carve you a little tiki statue . jawari roll he eye . a few moment of silence go by . rainy ( cont 'd ) hey , audrey ? want I to make you something ? audrey pause , stare , not sure what to say . turn away . audrey just make you tiki statue . 55 . rainy I do not think jawari appreciate my effort . besides , you be much prettier than jawari . audrey I do not want anything from you . rainy oh , audrey , that 's cold . that hurt my feeling . audrey I doubt you have any feeling . rainy that 's not true . I be a sensitive guy . really . he 's meet with cold silence . rainy ( cont 'd ) let I ask you something . if I be just some guy you meet . and you do not know anything about I . would you even talk to I ? she turn she face toward he , still not answer . rainy ( cont 'd ) if I just walk up to you somewhere and you do not know I . if we talk , just about simple thing . and I do not do anything to creep you out . what would you think of I ? audrey vacillate , uncertain , then softly answer . audrey you might fool I . rainy smile . rainy I fool myself sometimes . audrey raise she chin , strong with a bit of defiance . audrey but I do know you . the smile fade from rainy 's face . 56 . audrey ( cont ’d ) I know all I need to know . you be evil . you be cruel and vicious . you be a monster . and I would not want to talk to you . I would not want to see you . I would not want to have anything to do with you . rainy scowl , speechless for once . jawari laugh . rainy glance angrily at he . jawari keep laugh as he pull a bag and roll papers from he jacket pocket . jawari you strike the fuck out , man . rainy hey , fuck you , Zulu . jawari just laugh more . start roll a joint . rainy fight to compose himself . when he calm down enough , it 's like another personality wash over he . he chuckle . rainy ( cont 'd ) that 's pretty good , audrey . you really get I . that 's funny . he start whittling again . rainy ( cont 'd ) you know what I be gonna make you , audrey ? a little giraffe . you like giraffe , do not you ? everyone like giraffe . I do not know anyone who do not like giraffe . jawari I do not think there be anyone who do not like tree . rainy pause . rainy I be in the wood for week . all that tree become like prison bar . who 's ever have a experience like that with giraffe ? ( to audrey ) do you like giraffe , audrey ? audrey I do not have anything else to say to you . jawari laugh as he put he joint in he mouth . 57 . jawari oooh , she shut he down completely . rainy hey , let I have a hit off that . jawari dig out a lighter . jawari nope . you stay over there . rainy eye jawari a moment . smirk with a chuckle as he resume whittling . he focus on cheyenne . rainy what about you , shy one ? do you like giraffe ? cheyenne nod . rainy ( cont 'd ) you know , a lot of people think giraffe be weak because they get that long neck . but do you know a giraffe could kick a lion 's head off ? jawari laugh . jawari a giraffe could not kick a lion 's head off . not with that bony leg . rainy they be bigger than you think . jawari they be not that big . rainy they leg can get taller than a man . they hindquarters can get bigger around than my waist . jawari keep laugh as he blow smoke . jawari bullshit . rainy shake he head . 58 . rainy I can not believe you be go to smoke that all by yourself . jawari hey , man , you ever hear of pay for it ? rainy I pay for the beer . jawari I do not drink any beer . rainy how much you want for a joint ? rainy pull out he ( notta 's ) wallet . slip out two dollar . rainy ( cont 'd ) I 'o 1l give you two buck . jawari two buck ? rainy how much you want ? jawari start roll a joint . jawari I 'il take two buck and you calm the hell down , how 's that sound ? rainy grin . set he sight on David . rainy so what church do you belong to ? I know you be not mormon . they travel in pair . he glance at jawari . they both laugh . David speak softly . david Church of the live Word . rainy what be that , jehovah 's witnesses ? david it 's protestant . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 59 . rainy what do they think about you be a homo ? David look up , stunne silent . rainy ( cont 'd ) that 's what I think . you know that 's a sin accord to you bible , right ? David force a response . david I be not gay . rainy just like you do not see audrey ? David avert he eye , catch out . rainy ( cont 'd ) I bet you spend you whole life try to get away from it . I bet you try and pray it away every day . David insist . david no ... I do not ... I be not ... rainy it 's in the eye . david you can not tell if someone 's gay just by look at they . rainy yes , you can . he lean a little closer to David , provocatively . rainy ( cont 'd ) they promise you inner peace , but you do not get shit , do you ? door to door in the hot sun for Jesus , and all you get in return be hi and bye on Sunday . put you money in the plate and see you next week . david no . it 's more than that . +e +h of * +e hfk of + % Blue ( mm / dd/yyyy ) 59a . rainy you ever feel the Holy Spirit in you ? david a couple of time . rainy ever speak in tongue ? Allah ballah ballah ... jawari burst out laugh . toss the joint to rainy . jawari there you go , man . just mellow out . rainy stick the joint in he mouth . jawari ( cont 'd ) ( be : he lighter ) I want this back . jawari toss the lighter . rainy catch it . light the joint and take a big draw . blow smoke like all the tension be leave he body with it . rainy ah . this be some fine green , my friend . not nary a crack or a pop of stem nor seed . 60 . he toss the lighter back . jawari catch it . jawari I tell you my stuff do not have a bunch of stem in it . jawari pull out a small bag of cocaine . rainy perk up . jawari spread some of the powder onto the table top . rainy you need to borrow my knife ? jawari pull a switchblade from he pocket . pushes a button forward ... flick . a blade spring out . jawari grin . jawari no , thank you , cowboy . I get a real knife . he start cut up the coke . rainy a baliso be better than a switchblade . jawari come on , seriously ? think about it . my flick to you click -clack . see the difference ? two step to one . rainy fan knife be more reliable . jawari you push a button , you get a knife . what could be more reliable ? besides , everybody know switchblade be cooler than butterfly knife . there be not even a competition . rainy start carve on he log . rainy you can not carve a giraffe with a switchblade . the blade 's too flimsy . audrey interrupt ... audrey do you have to do all this in front of my daughter ? 61 . jawari pause , almost as if he see she point . rainy blow smoke right toward audrey and cheyenne . rainy you can not get high off secondhand pot smoke . if you could , we have all be high off jawari . bing . jawari retract the blade of he knife . jawari it 's just some coke . i’1l keep it away from she . rainy I 'il tell you what , audrey . I x11 put out the joint if you 'il tell I about yourself . audrey look at rainy , reluctant to agree . audrey what do you want to know ? rainy what do you do for a live ? audrey I be a waitress . now will you stop blow smoke at we ? rainy take a draw . blow smoke at audrey . rainy after you answer some question . audrey how many question ? rainy oh , I do not know . let 's say , five . audrey I have already answer one . rainy okay , then . four more . be you ever a cheerleader ? audrey be catch off guard . audrey what do that have to do with anything ? 62 . rainy I be ask the question . audrey no. rainy be you popular in high school ? audrey that 's completely subjective . rainy wag he finger at she as he lean forward . rainy no . no , see , it 's not . whether or not you be popular in high school will tell I virtually everything about you . audrey how be that ? rainy because high school be where people be shape for the rest of they life . what you be then versus what you be now tell I everything . audrey muse over that word a moment . audrey well , I do not know whether I would be consider popular or not . rainy yes , you do . people know whether or not they be popular in high school . audrey pause , hesitant to answer . audrey I be valedictorian . rainy lean back excitedly . rainy I know there be something about you . and now you be a waitress . see , that tell I a lot . do you go to college ? 63 . audrey answer with a air of sadness . audrey I go for a couple of year but have to drop out . rainy put the joint out . it 's nearly finish now anyway . rainy look how much we have learn in just four question . you be valedictorian . you drop out of college and become a waitress . rainy lean forward with a tell smirk . rainy ( cont 'd ) and do not think I do not notice the wording . you '' have to '' drop out . not '' I drop out . '' but '' have to . '' audrey it do not mean anything . lot of people drop out of college . rainy not lot of valedictorian . audrey it have more to do with money than anything else . rainy a valedictorian who can not get a scholarship ? audrey be that you final question ? rainy no . my final question be ... he ponder . his eye rest on ... cheyenne . rainy ( cont 'd ) my final question be , do you drop out because you be pregnant ? audrey gaze at he , stunne speechless . she look at cheyenne . cheyenne look up at she mother . audrey cheyenne be the best thing that ever happen to I . 64 . rainy sigh , annoyed . rainy that 's what every parent say . that 's such a generic load of bullshit . he lean toward cheyenne . rainy ( cont 'd ) let I tell you something , shy one . people lie like lie will magically turn to money . and no one lie more than parent . audrey sound like someone have a bad childhood . rainy smirk . rainy kid come from fuckin’ . so do not act like you do somethin’ noble . audrey do you have to talk that way in front of cheyenne ? rainy shift he focus back to cheyenne . rainy Parents have baby for two reason . they can not control themselves sexually and baby be cute . rainy 's aggression unsettle cheyenne . her eye well up . rainy ( cont 'd ) but baby grow up . and as they do , the shine wear off . then parent start resent the burden . that 's all parent . audrey leave she alone . cheyenne start cry . audrey ( cont ’d ) that 's not true , cheyenne . 65 . rainy it be true . all parent reach a point where they long for the freedom they once have . they secretly dream of all the thing they might have achieve if they be not stick . audrey look at cheyenne , desperate to comfort she . audrey that 's not true . I have never once regret have you . rainy see , audrey , you be just like everyone else . why can not you just be honest ? audrey you have have you last question . now it 's my turn to answer . she look down at a tearful cheyenne . audrey ( cont ’d ) this be the truth , cheyenne , I swear . yes , I have have regret in life . I have screw up a lot of thing . but I screw they up . not you . she look up at rainy . audrey ( cont ’d ) it 's true . I get pregnant in college . I drop out because I could not afford it . nostalgia wash over she face . audrey ( cont ’d ) I do not know what I want to do with my life anyway . motherhood seem as good a purpose as any . audrey 's eye meet with cheyenne 's . audrey ( cont ’d ) it be the hardest thing I have ever do . it be tough and I barely scrape by . I think so many time I have never make it . but I swear , I never once regret it . 66 . cheyenne faintly smile . rainy gauge audrey , unconvince . rainy there 's something you be not tell we . cheyenne look indignantly toward rainy . cheyenne why be you so mean ? jawari laugh as he pull out a straw . jawari yeah , cowboy , why do not you tell we about you family ? he snort a line of coke off the table . sniff and tweak he nose . rainy I ’‘1l1 tell you about my family if you will give I a couple of line . jawari nod . jawari okay . I gotta hear this . rainy well , I be not no high school valedictorian , I can tell you that . he and jawari snicker . rainy ( cont 'd ) my old man be a con artist . jawari why be I not surprised ? rainy we travel from place to place all the time . I be help he run a shell game when I be only six . jawari laugh . jawari Little rainy . 67 . rainy I remember he break into a use car lot office to steal key one Sunday afternoon . and some people show up think the lot be open . he sell ‘em a car . jawari he sell ‘em a car ? rainy drift off . shake he head in disbelief . rainy he fill out the paperwork and everything . he even pretend to call and check on they credit . he look up at jawari , still in awe after all this year . rainy ( cont 'd ) the bank be not even open . jawari damn , rainy , you old man have a big set of ball on he . rainy I ask he why he do it and he just say , '' I do not know , I just want to see where it go . '' audrey where be you mother ? rainy snap out of he trance , look at audrey . rainy I never know she . jawari snort another line . raise he head , twitching . jawari so you just run around with you dad ? that 's pretty cool . rainy drift off again . this time there 's something eerie about the whole thing . rainy when I be twelve , we break into a house to rob the place . there be just suppose to be a woman alone . my dad make I wait in the live room . I could hear she begging . 68 . audrey swallow , nervous about where this be go . David and jawari both have the same look . rainy ( cont 'd ) then I hear this noise . I do not really know what it be at the time . then she husband come home . I run to get my dad . when I open the door , I see he on top of she . he be so mad . rainy sink deeper into the memory . rainy ( cont 'd ) he throw a pillow at I . told I to get out . I guess the pillow hit a lamp let she husband know we be there . he get a gun . rainy 's eye look as if he 's there , witness it all over . rainy ( cont 'd ) I climb out the window first and hide in the bush . I hear a shot . I see my dad hit the ground . he just look at I . his eye be open but I could tell he be dead . jawari gaze at rainy , spellbound . jawari wow . that 's fuck up , man . rainy I go to a state house . I have be a menace to society ever since . he chuckle . stop laugh when David speak . david '' put up again thy sword into he place : for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword . '' jawari be that from the Bible ? david Jesus say it . when they come to arrest he , one of he disciple cut off the ear of the high priest 's servant . Jesus put the ear back on and say that word . 69 . jawari Jesus put someone 's ear back on ? after it be cut off ? rainy glare , fight to contain a dark fury . rainy give I some Kool - Aid and a glass of water and I 'il show you how to turn water into wine . david Jesus 's miracle be document . rainy by who ? his disciple ? the same people who make a live off he ? that 's a little like copperfield 's cable puller claim he can really fly , be not it ? david there be other . Jesus heal people . rainy ever hear of the immune system ? david the immune system can not make the blind see . rainy ever hear of a setup ? you fake stuff for money . david all that people would not lie . rainy ' Cause people be know for they honesty , right ? David pause , muse . look away . rainy ( cont 'd ) wanna see a magic trick ? I bet I can make a line of coke disappear . ( to jawari ) what do you say , bro ? look , I x11 put the rifle down . rainy lay he rifle on the floor . hold up the knife . 70 . rainy ( cont 'd ) I ’‘1l put the knife down . he set it on the stove - top and show he hand empty , front and back . hold up the log . rainy ( cont 'd ) I 'il put the log down . he set the log down next to the knife . raise he hand to show it empty , palm side only . rainy ( cont 'd ) I need something to help I relax after all this emotional outpour . as he say this , we move behind he where we see ... the knife blade be clipped between he middle finger , hide from view . jawari laugh , oblivious . jawari okay , come on . you earn it . rainy slowly approach , hand still in the air . rainy do I ever tell you why I be on the run from the police when I spend all that week in the wood ? jawari shake he head , hold a straw out . rainy reach for it with he empty hand . with he other hand , he ... flick he wrist , slinging the knife into he hand . rainy ( cont 'd ) murder . he grab jawari 's hand as he stab he in the gut . jawari grunt , double over . the hostage stiffen , horrify . rainy ( cont 'd ) I kill my ex girlfriend and she lover . I have to change my identity and everything . he let go . jawari slump over , leave rainy with a bloody knife in one hand and the straw in the other . he snort a line off the table . shake he head , twitching . rainy ( cont 'd ) that 's what I be talkin’ about . 71 . jawari shove rainy away . grab he switchblade and start to push the button . rainy put he hand over it ... bing . the spring release but the blade do not emerge . rainy ( cont 'd ) see , the thing about switchblade , the blade have to lock . he stab jawari in the gut again . jawari grunt . rainy step back . jawari turn the knife handle upside down . the blade limply slide out . rainy ( cont 'd ) if something block it on the way out , it 's like a limp dick . I tell you balisong be better . jawari carefully grab the blade with index finger and thumb . pull it out until it lock with a click . he look up at rainy , face pale . sweating . quivering . rainy ( cont 'd ) what 's a matter , Zulu ? you look a little peak . jawari raise he blade . the two man square off for a knife fight . rainy laugh playfully . rainy ( cont 'd ) this be one of that " what if " scenario , like what happen when a shark meet a killer whale ? he wave he knife . rainy ( cont 'd ) I be the killer whale and you be the shark . jawari take a meager stab at rainy and miss . rainy slashes jawari 's arm . jawari yell . rainy ( cont 'd ) look like the killer whale be win . rainy stab jawari in the stomach . twist the blade . jawari 's eye have a look of certain death . rainy ( cont 'd ) that 's the same look my daddy have . 72 . jawari slump to the floor by the table . rainy kneel , wipe the blood on the back of jawari 's shirt . when he stand , he fold the knife and put it away . snort another line . he raise he head , sniff and fidget . audrey and the other watch , panicked . rainy pick up the magazine . audrey please do not hurt we . rainy step toward the recliner . rainy my giraffe 's not good enough for you , remember ? he grab the rifle . insert the magazine . audrey I ’‘1l do anything you want . just do not hurt cheyenne . David sit forward . david look , there be no reason for this to escalate to murder . there still be not . he may still be alive . rainy glance at jawari . slide a round in the chamber . rainy thanks for point that out , David . bang ! he shoot jawari in the back . the hostage avert they eye . rainy ( cont 'd ) this be just sell - out central around here today , be not it ? first audrey drag you into it . then you try to weasel out of help she . now you want to make sure jawari be dead . david I do not mean it like that . 73. rainy what you mean be to keep yourself alive . even at the expense of poor audrey and cheyenne here . he aim the rifle at David . rainy ( cont 'd ) so i‘1l tell you what I want you to do . I want you to pick someone . whoever you pick get kill and the other two can live . which one 's it gonna be , David ? David fight to keep compose . sweat bead on he forehead . david I can not make that choice . rainy oh , but you must . you be the one who go around door to door ask everyone to make the most important decision of they life right there on the spot . david I can not . rainy you better . David 's eye dart around . his mind race for a way out . finally , he relent . david no . I will not choose . rainy all right , then . I x11 make you choose . rainy train the barrel directly at cheyenne 's face . audrey no. please . do not hurt my daughter . rainy shut up . audrey shoot I ! 46 47 74 . rainy shut up ! you be too good for I ! then ... David leap from the couch and run . rainy aim . David reach the threshold to the ... live room —- day 46 bang ! a bullet rip through he knee . David groan as he tumble to the floor . rainy storm into the room . rainy you cowardly piece of shit ! he pull David up , lean he against the doorframe . family room / kitchen - day 47 rainy tromp to cheyenne and aim at she face again . tear stream down the little girl 's cheek . rainy ( to David ) I be go to count down from ten to one . you be go to choose between yourself and audrey . if you do not make a choice by the time I get to one , then you choice be cheyenne . audrey bawl helplessly . audrey please do not hurt my daughter . rainy shut up ! you do not get a choice . the choice be David 's . be you ready , David ? david please ... David try to move he leg . yell in pain . rainy here we go . audrey beg while rainy count . we cut back and forth between the face of all of they . 75 . rainy ( cont 'd ) audrey ten ... nine ... eight ... please ! no ! I be begging seven ... six ... five . you . I x11 do anything . no ! four ... three ... two ... shoot I ! shoot I ! David softly murmur ... david shoot I . rainy pause . turn to David , lowering he rifle . rainy what 's that ? david shoot I . rainy approach he . rainy I be impressed . you finally grow some ball . he raise the rifle to David 's face . rainy ( cont 'd ) I 'il give you one last chance to change you mind . David look at audrey , he face quivering . david I be sorry . he 's right . I have be a coward . I be afraid . I have be afraid my whole life . always run away . he look up at rainy , courage fill he face . david ( cont 'd ) I be not afraid anymore . rainy brace the stock against he shoulder . rainy look at the bright side . you will not have to go door to door no more . audrey 's voice cut across the room . audrey ( 0.s. ) I be rape . 76 . everyone turn toward audrey . the room seem to freeze that way for a moment . audrey fight back a flood of emotion . audrey ( cont ’d ) in college . at a frat party . I be smart enough to get a scholarship and dumb enough to think this guy care about I . her eye turn glassy . like she can see it all again . audrey ( cont ’d ) I want to impress he . I be nervous and I drank too much . the music be so loud . there be so many people . it be hot and stuffy . I get nauseous , so I ask he where the bathroom be . I remember trip on the stair . he catch I and we laugh at how tipsy I be . I trust he . ( get more immerse ) when he push I on the bed , I do not even know where I be at first . the room be spin . when I tell he to stop , he say it be my idea . I remember he weight . the pressure . I could not move . I could barely breathe . I feel like I be in a coffin . but he would not stop . she pop back to the present , glance around . audrey ( cont ’d ) I turn he in to the president . it be he word against mine and he say it be consensual . when I would not let it go , I be expell . she pause , stare into empty space . audrey ( cont ’d ) I just leave . I just give up . I think my life be over . tear well in audrey 's eye as they fix on cheyenne . audrey ( cont ’d ) and then the day come when I see she . they put she in my arm and it be like ... she be magical or something . ( more ) 77 . audrey ( cont 'd ) she be so small and frail and she need I to take care of she . she look up at rainy , teary - eye . audrey ( cont ’d ) so I carry on . the day go by and thing get a little easier . then one day I realize ... she save my life . audrey turn sadly to cheyenne . this be the big one . it 's scary but it 's time to confess the whole story . audrey ( cont ’d ) Thomas , the man you know as you father , be my first husband . the truth be , the reason he do not pay child support be because he do not have to . after we divorced , he ask if he could still see you and I say yes . he help we for a while but after he remarry , he ... he quit . finally , the floodgates give way and audrey break down . audrey ( cont ’d ) he 's a good man . and I be so sorry I lie to you . you real father do not want anything to do with you . I be too scared to tell you the truth . because I be a coward . cheyenne 's eye reach out with the kind of forgiveness only a child can offer so quickly . cheyenne you be not a coward , Mom . I forgive you . rainy sneer . he 's have enough . rainy well , do not this all just turn into family time . but it do not change a thing . David have already agree to go the Jesus route . audrey no one agree to anything ! david ( 0.s. ) audrey ? 48 49 78. she look at David . he 's fill with a calmness . david ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . cheyenne manage to get she hand free . she look toward ... the gun , sit on the table . rainy raise the barrel toward David , brace the stock against he shoulder once again . rainy yeah , see ? he want to do it . then ... cheyenne jump from the couch , grab the gun . it 's so big comparatively , she can hardly hold it up . audrey 's eye widen in horror . rainy grin . rainy ( cont 'd ) do you even know how to use that thing , shy one ? bang ! cheyenne wildly fire toward the ceiling , the kick knock she down . piece of ceiling fall on rainy . rainy ( cont 'd ) shit ! while rainy be distract , audrey leap from the couch and rush at he , scream . shoulder he with all she might . they both trip over David 's leg and ... live room —- day 48 they slam onto the floor . the rifle slide near a buffet table . rainy grab audrey and pull she down . she kick he repeatedly . the kick be ineffective and rainy laugh . rainy oh , darlin’ , stop it . you be turnin’ I on . family room / kitchen - day 49 cheyenne climb to she foot , lug the gun . David wave she over with a nod . she hurry to he . he hold out he bind . cheyenne furiously tug at they . 50 51 Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 79 . live room —- day 50 rainy climb on top of audrey , still laugh . audrey be fight so hard , it 's about all he can handle . rainy I love a woman who can wrestle . this go on until ... David raise the gun barrel to rainy 's temple , rope still hang off he wrist . david get off she . everything stop . rainy stare at David . it 's quiet for several moment . then ... from outside , tire crunch across gravel . a car stop in back . a car door open . close . everyone stay still and quiet . after a few moment , we hear the back door OPEN . footstep . int . family room / kitchen / live room - day 51 Bobby enter carry a satchel . the first thing he notice be cheyenne . he look at she , shocked . bobby who the fuck be you ? cheyenne cheyenne . Bobby notice David sit in the doorway to the live room with he leg bleed . bobby who the fuck be you ? david David . Bobby see jawari lie dead on the floor . bobby what the hell be go on here ? he step so that he can see into the live room . he see rainy on top of audrey on the floor . he see that David be point a gun at rainy . Blue ( mm / dd /yyyy ) 79a . bobby ( cont 'd ) rainy ? 80. rainy uh ... we have some issue . bobby what the goddamn hell be go on here ? what happen to jawari ? rainy we get into it and I accidentally kill he . audrey that 's not true . rainy shut up , audrey ! you do not know what the hell you be talk about ! bobby where 's the old man ? rainy he 's dead . Bobby angrily throw he hand in the air . bobby goddamn it ! I tell you not to kill the old man ! rainy he be already dead . bobby well , where be he ? audrey he die four day ago . rainy the will do not get read ' till next week . Bobby stare slack - jaw a moment . glance at David . bobby why be this asshole point a gun at you ? rainy he get it while I be wrestle with audrey . she 's probably gonna get the water rights next week . 81 . Bobby reach into he satchel . bobby then she can go ahead and sign . he whip out he pistol , point it at David . bobby ( cont 'd ) first , you can put that gun down . David start to set the gun down on the live room side . bobby ( cont 'd ) on the other side . over here . David set the gun down on the family room / kitchen side . bobby ( cont 'd ) slide it away . David shove the gun . it slide to a stop a few foot away , near the door . bobby ( cont 'd ) ( to rainy ) get you gun . rainy grimace . rainy it 's a rifle . bobby I do not give a good goddamn if it 's jawari ' 's dick , pick it up . rainy sigh , stay on he knee and lean across the floor to grab the rifle . bobby ( cont 'd ) untie she . rainy unty audrey . Bobby put he pistol back into he satchel and pull out a contract . rainy hand it to audrey . Bobby hold out a pen . bobby ( cont 'd ) sign it . rainy hand audrey the pen . she do not even try to read the contract , she just sign it . rainy hand the item back to Bobby . he stuff they into he satchel . lower the satchel by David , who eye it intently . 82 . bobby ( cont 'd ) now , what you may not realize be that will be retroactive . it do not matter when it 's read . the date of ownership of bequeath item legally begin the moment the decedent die . Bobby look at rainy with eye of cold stone . bobby ( cont 'd ) I be go to leave now so you can clean up . audrey we be promise we would be let go ! he scan between the two room , glance at jawari . bobby I want thing to stay simple but as you have see , rainy be somewhat of a loose cannon . I think it 's best at this point to just clean up and go home . then ... David grab Bobby 's satchel , pull he into the live room . Bobby trip over David 's leg , fall on top of rainy . david run ! audrey climb to she foot and jump over David , grab cheyenne and pull she along . as audrey open the door , cheyenne snatch the gun off the floor . rainy get to he foot , rifle in hand . bobby go get they . I x11 watch he . rainy jump over David . as he do , David grab he ankle and trip he . rainy hit the floor , scramble to he foot . he start to kick David . bobby ( cont 'd ) go on . I 'il take care of he . Bobby kick David in he injure knee . David scream in agony . rainy scuttle out the door . 52 83. ext . farmhouse - ground - day 52 rainy burst out the door in time to see audrey and cheyenne run away . he aim he rifle . audrey and cheyenne barely make it behind the tree that rainy peed on earlier before ... bang ! a bullet smack a patch of bark off the trunk . rainy laugh . rainy fuckin 's tree ! bang , bang , bang , bang ! he fire round after round as he close in . on the other side of the tree audrey , back to the trunk , hold cheyenne tightly to she while bullet riddle the tree . bang , bang , bang ! piece of bark explode on both side . then ... silence . audrey listen . start to peek when ... rainy 's face pop up . rainy ( cont 'd ) boo ! audrey flinch , scream , quickly tuck cheyenne behind she . rainy ( cont 'd ) I be gonna miss you , audrey . this be the most excitement I have have since my daddy try to drow I . behind audrey while rainy talk , cheyenne slip the handle of the gun into audrey 's hand . rainy ( cont 'd ) well , that and killin’ my ex girlfriend . audrey and she lover . rainy grin . rainy and she lover . he raise the rifle , call to the house . 84 . rainy ( cont 'd ) I get ‘em ! while he 's distract , audrey whip the gun around and point it at he . rainy do a double-take . audrey I have get a gun too . rainy audrey , audrey , audrey . I be disappointed in you . this be a rifle . audrey I be sorry . you have a rifle . and I have a gun . rainy thank you . but what you do not have ... be the ball . he start to make a move . it 's cut short ... bang ! a bullet streak by rainy 's ear , leave a trail of blood across the side of he head . audrey scream , take off guard by the recoil . rainy yell as he 's throw back . he hit the ground with a thud . audrey come on ! she start to run . cheyenne grab the barrel of rainy 's rifle , jerk she hand back when it burn . cheyenne it 's hot . audrey grab she . audrey let 's go ! they head for the barn . rainy grab the side of he head . rainy audrey , you bitch ! rainy stumble to he foot . start for the barn . notice the tree . angrily kick it . rainy ( cont 'd ) fuckin 's tree . 53 54 55 85 . he turn and stagger toward the barn . int . barn - moment later 53 the door creak open . rainy peek in cautiously . step in just as cautiously , scan the area . rainy I be impressed , audrey . I misjudge you . that do not happen often . he step further in , look around , assess . there 's a loft above on one side , long abandon livestock stall on the other . a door out the back . rainy ( cont 'd ) I forget I be deal with a high school valedictorian . he snicker to himself . rainy ( cont 'd ) you get gut , audrey . and you be smart . and that 's a dangerous combination . he turn , certain she will give herself away . rainy ( cont 'd ) I know you be in here . ext . barn 's back door - day 54 audrey wait by the side of the door with a shovel in she hand . breathe heavily , try to keep as quiet as she can . the gun be tuck into she pants . rainy ( 0.s. ) you could have kill I . but you could not bring yourself to do it . int . barn - day 55 rainy near the back door . he train he rifle on the loft . rainy you do not have the kind of gut it take to kill a man . it 's the eye . something about the eye . 56 57 58 86 . bang ! he fire a round into the loft . it blast a chunk of the old wood into dust , tear a hole through the floor . ext . barn 's back door - day 56 audrey flinch at the sound . rainy ( 0.s. ) I sure hope shy one be not in that loft . int . barn - day 57 bang ! bang ! bang ! several hole be blast into the loft . rainy turn toward the back door . rainy where do you go , audrey ? do you go off into the wood ? he start to step through the doorway . rainy ( cont 'd ) it 's scary out in the wood -- suddenly , the back of a shovel fly right toward he face . ping ! it smack he square in the nose , knock he head back . he falter , hit the dirt . audrey scream , charge in with the shovel over she head . she level it like a axe split wood . rainy put he arm up to shield himself . crack ! right across he forearm . rainy yell . he try to aim he rifle while audrey draw back again . just as he aim ... audrey scream , swing like a baseball bat . whack ! knock the rifle out of he hand and into a stall . rainy manage to grab the shovel 's handle near the scoop . audrey try to pull it back . rainy laugh . rainy ( cont 'd ) I be gonna bury you with this shovel . audrey abandon the shovel , run out the back door . ext . farmhouse ground - day 58 audrey run for she life . approach a bush . 59 60 61 87 . audrey cheyenne ! cheyenne peek out from behind the bush . audrey grab she hand as she go by . audrey ( cont 'd ) let 's go ! the two of they head for the wood . ext . barn 's back door - moment later 59 rainy totter out the door with he rifle . he sniffles from he possibly break nose and grunt from he bust forearm . not to mention the blood across he temple from the bullet . ext . farmhouse ground - day 60 rainy stagger into the open , near the woodpile . Bobby hang out a window in the live room . bobby what 's go on out there ? rainy call out to he . rainy I think I be in love ! bobby quit fuckin’ around ! rainy regains some composure , stomp off toward the wood . rainy oh , I be do play . int . wood - day 61 audrey and cheyenne pause to listen . rainy ( 0.s. ) the next two shot you hear be gonna be the last ! audrey he 's come after we . let 's go . they turn and continue on , deeper into the wood . 62 63 64 88. int . farmhouse live room - day 62 Bobby pull back into the house . bobby I be tired of all this mess around . he sit on the buffet . David sit in the doorway . sweat bead on he face and he breathe have become erratic . david I can not believe you be go to kill a mother and she little girl . bobby yeah , well , you be next , if that help you forget . he chuckle . David turn away . notice something . family room / kitchen - day 63 by jawari 's body . the switchblade . live room —- day 64 David look back at Bobby . Bobby pull out a cell phone . glance at he watch . bobby I wonder if I still have time to file today with the Water resource Department . he pause , look at David . bobby ( cont 'd ) the kid be probably just go to be another nobody anyway . Bobby start dial . David look at the switchblade again . can he sneak to it before Bobby notice ? bobby ( cont 'd ) ( phone ) yeah , how late be you open ? he climb off the buffet , leave he satchel behind . 65 66 67 89 . bobby ( cont 'd ) how long do it take to process a transferral of water rights ? he turn he back absentmindedly . David see he chance . family room / kitchen - day 65 David crawl across the floor toward jawari . bobby ( 0.s. ) oh really ? so there 's really no way I could make it today . David grit he tooth , fight the pain . try to do this as stealthily as he can . bobby ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so if I get there first thing tomorrow morning , I could have the rights in my company name before the day be out ? David be almost there . then he notice ... eerie silence . he pause . look back at the doorway . nothing . what be Bobby do ? David wait . wait . then ... bobby ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) that 's great . I can be there by nine . can I get you name ? the conversation be wind up . David hurry . live room - day 66 Bobby turn around as he speak . bobby thank you , Karen . i’1ll see you -- he stop cold when he see the empty doorway . bobby ( cont 'd ) tomorrow . bye . he shut the phone off , eye blaze . rushes to the doorway . family room / kitchen - day 67 David be at the front door , reach for the knob . 68 90 . bobby try to escape ? what 's the matter with you ? Bobby kick he . David grunt , slide down onto the floor . bobby ( cont 'd ) I can not believe you think you could crawl away . Bobby kick he again . David groan , double over . bobby ( cont 'd ) I should have shot you right from the get-go . he grab David . turn he over to pull he up . david go to hell . David stab Bobby in the leg with the switchblade . Bobby scream as he fall back onto the floor with the knife still stick in he leg . bobby you son of a bitch ! David crawl toward the doorway to the live room . it take all he strength but he desperately force himself . Bobby grab the knife handle . scream as he pull the blade out . struggle to climb to he foot . David pass the threshold . Bobby lurch after . bobby ( cont 'd ) you should have slashed my throat . live room - day 68 David reach the middle of the floor when Bobby limp in with the switchblade . bobby you make the same mistake I do . David climb up the buffet . reaches for the satchel . just as he touch it ... Bobby stab he right in the back . David cry out . Falls back to the floor . the satchel drop beside he . some papers slip out . the pistol slide out on top of they . 69 91 . Bobby draw back and stab David in the back again . and again . and again . until ... kink ! the blade break off . Bobby see the break metal , angrily toss the handle away . he grab the pistol . use the buffet to pull himself to he foot . bobby ( cont 'd ) I bet you wish you would kill I from the start now , do not you ? David strain to turn himself over . look up at Bobby , quivering . he 's about to die and he know it . david I do not have any more regret . he relent and succumb . ext . wood - day 69 audrey and cheyenne hike through overgrowth . climb down into a large shallow pit , grow over with grass . in the middle , audrey stop . look around , confuse . audrey wait a minute . cheyenne stop . watch she mother . audrey ( cont ’d ) I remember this . this be the reservoir . or it be . she glance around again , double - check . audrey ( cont ’d ) the reservoir be right here . I be sure of it . cheyenne what happen to it ? audrey I do not know . she scan ahead . point . audrey ( cont ’d ) if I remember right , the creek must be right over there somewhere . 70 71 72 73 92 . in another area 70 rainy trudge along , search . he pause , notice something . a leaf about the level of he head . he step closer . take the leaf into he hand and see ... blood . he feel he temple . the blood be he own . he smack the leaf aside in frustration . rainy Fucking circle ! he look down a pathway . the depth of field contract . the tree appear to close in . rainy shake it off . look another direction . the tree close in that direction too . he look another direction . same thing . then another . once again , the tree be close in . he call out . rainy ( cont 'd ) audrey ! audrey 71 whirl , hearing he . she turn to cheyenne . audrey he 's get farther away . he must be go the wrong way . let 's go . they head into a long stretch of wood , angle downward . rainy 72 run through the forest like a madman . he trip over a root stick out . smack the ground . he raise he face , then pause , hearing something . the gentle whoosh of water . rainy the creek . he climb to he foot , move its direction . audrey 73 reaches the edge of the creek , follow by cheyenne . they be about twenty foot up and it 's a steep drop on both side . cheyenne should we go downstream ? maybe the water be not as deep . 74 75 76 93. audrey study the drop , cover with thick expose root . audrey no . I think the root will hold . she climb down , step on root like crooked ladder rung . audrey pause when she 's completely over the side . audrey ( cont ’d ) okay , cheyenne . be very careful . I 's will be right below you . cheyenne balk , extremely nervous . cheyenne I be scared . audrey I know you be , sweetie , but we will be down before you know it . rainy 74 force he way through small branch . emerge at a large creek bed . smile . it 's much lower than where audrey and cheyenne be but the bed cover a larger area . rainy 's footstep sink in the soft bed as he approach the creek . rainy drop to he knee at the bank . the creek flow peacefully . rainy splashes water on he face , upsetting the tranquility . audrey 75 keeps one hand free to catch cheyenne . audrey make sure you have you foot before you take you next step . cheyenne reluctantly place she foot on a root . it slip off . she scream . rainy 76 raise he face , look upstream . grin . grab he rifle . splashes across the creek to the other side . 77 78 79 94 , audrey 77 clutch cheyenne . audrey it 's okay . I have get you . cheyenne hold onto she mother , paralyze with fear . audrey ( cont ’d ) climb onto my back . cheyenne hesitates . tries to pull herself together . audrey ( cont ’d ) come on , cheyenne . we do not have time . you can do it . cheyenne shakily climb onto audrey 's back . audrey navigate the root , struggle with the additional weight . they finally reach the very narrow creek bed . the creek , on the other hand , be wide and the water be rush . audrey set cheyenne down . surmise . cheyenne be we go to cross it ? audrey I do not think we have a choice . audrey climb down into the water . it 's nearly waist deep . audrey ( cont ’d ) climb on . cheyenne climb onto audrey 's back and audrey wade across . rainy 78 follow the creek on the other side . the whoosh of water be faster now . he trek uphill . audrey 79 be right at the bank . one more step and she ’1ll be there . she lose she foot and fall forward . cheyenne catch the edge of the bank while audrey go under . cheyenne Mom ! 95 . cheyenne 's face fill with panic . she pull herself onto the narrow bank . cheyenne ( cont 'd ) Mom ! audrey break the surface , gasp . reaching for the bank . cheyenne ( cont 'd ) Mom ! cheyenne look back and see a root . she grab it with one hand . reaches for audrey 's hand with the other . smack ! they hand clasp . cheyenne pull with all she might . audrey claw at the bank . with cheyenne 's help , audrey manage to pull herself to the bank . she climb out of the water . rest on the bank . struggle to catch she breath . cheyenne ( cont ’d ) what happen ? audrey a undercurrent catch my foot . cheyenne look at she mother , shake by the whole thing . cheyenne be you okay ? audrey nod , still catch she breath . audrey thanks . cheyenne all we get be each other . audrey smile with tear of pride welling in she eye . audrey that 's plenty . let 's go . they pull themselves to they foot . there 's another '' root ladder '' go up the other side . cheyenne I think I can do it myself this time . 80 96 . audrey you sure ? ( off she nod ) okay , then , go on . I will be right behind you . cheyenne start climb up the root . bank / wood - moment later 80 just as cheyenne be about to reach the top ... a rifle lower into she face . her eye widen . audrey , realize cheyenne have stop , look up to see ... rainy . rainy what do we have here ? this be a regular reunion . speak of , you must have have you first high school reunion by now . audrey I do not go . rainy shake he head . rainy well , that 's a shame . and you be valedictorian . I would have think you would have feel obligate to attend . audrey I could not get the night off . rainy waitress duty call , eh ? audrey I would appreciate it if you would stop point that gun in my daughter 's face . rainy smirk . rainy audrey , how many time do I have to tell you ? it 's a goddamn rifle . he brace the stock against he shoulder . desperate , audrey look toward cheyenne . 97 . audrey cheyenne ? it 's not hot right now . cheyenne 's eye move to the rifle barrel . rainy smile playfully , oblivious . rainy yes , it be rather nice out here by the creek , be not it ? audrey ( to cheyenne ) push it up . cheyenne when ? rainy get suspicious . rainy what be you two talk about ? audrey now ! cheyenne grab the rifle barrel , shove it upward . from behind , audrey reach over and point she gun at rainy . his eye widen . audrey ( cont ’d ) this be you last warning shot , motherfucker . bang ! rainy grunt . look down . a bloodstain on he shirt over he chest grow with the pump of he heart . he look at audrey in disbelief . cheyenne pull the rifle from he limp hand . it clang down the drop and splashes into the creek . rainy stand . look at he own blood on he tremble hand . struggle to speak . rainy if it ... have not be ... for that ... fuckin’ tree . he fall over the edge . tumble down the drop and splashes into the water . cheyenne and audrey climb up into the wood by the drop . audrey gaze down , stunne by she own action . after a few moment , she realize something . 81 82 83 98 . audrey okay , step back . she motion for cheyenne to clear some room . cheyenne what be you go to do ? audrey raise the barrel into the air . audrey there need to be two shot . int . farmhouse - family room / kitchen - day 81 Bobby finish pull David 's body next to jawari 's . in the distance , there 's a muffled bang . Bobby look up . bobby there go the other one . he limp into the ... live room - day 82 he put he papers back into he satchel . put he gun back in . take the phone and dial . int . bobbya' grandfather' bedroom - day 83 ring . Bobby 's grandfather grumble in he sleep , half awaken by the ringing phone . it keep ringing until the old man finally answer it . grandfather what ? intercut - bobby and he grandfather on the phone Bobby turn excitedly , hearing he grandfather 's voice . bobby it 's Bobby . grandfather I be sleep . bobby I know but this be important . 99 , grandfather well , it damn well better be . bobby I get ‘em , grandpa . I get the water rights . grandfather recoil in disbelief . grandfather you be jerk my chain . bobby no . I really get ‘em . grandfather I do not believe a word of it . bobby it 's true . I swear . the old man die . grandfather die ? when do that happen ? bobby four day ago . grandfather four day ago ! I can not keep up with it anymore . I wish I would know . I would have go to the funeral . or send flower or something . Bobby can not wipe the smile off he face . bobby I get he granddaughter to sign . grandfather 's face go blank . grandfather you muscle he granddaughter ? which one ? bobby who care ? grandfather ask more sternly this time . grandfather which one ? 100 . bobby audrey . grandfather think back . nostalgia fill he face . grandfather yes , audrey . I remember little audrey . I have not see she in year . what 's she do now ? bobby who care ? we get the water rights . grandfather you do not hurt audrey , do you ? Bobby hesitates , just now realize he may have screw up . bobby no . of course not . grandfather I would be very upset if anything happen to audrey . bobby she 's fine . grandfather I always like she . if I remember right , she be the one who always like to rub my whisker . bobby fuck audrey , okay ? she 's fine . grandfather 's face take on a chill tone . grandfather do not talk to I that way . Bobby turn immediately submissive . bobby I be sorry . grandfather i’1l smack you nose around to the other side of you head . bobby I be sorry , okay ? I do not mean it . audrey 's fine , okay ? I be just tryin' to tell you something . 101 . the door open from the next room . Bobby glance that way . bobby ( cont 'd ) I can get the rights transfer tomorrow morning . grandfather listen , Bobby . you be next in line . if you screw this up , it 's over for you . bobby I do not screw it up . it 's fine . Bobby call out to the next room . bobby ( cont 'd ) rainy , hurry up . I gotta get go . you need to clean up before it get dark . audrey appear out of the shadow , aim the gun . Bobby freeze , shocked to see she . audrey step into the room . audrey hang up the phone . grandfather what 's go on , Bobby ? bobby nothing . i’1l call you back . grandfather something 's wrong , be not it ? bobby no. everything 's fine . I just gotta get off the phone . grandfather lower he head . he know something 's wrong . his last hope for a legacy have just vanish . grandfather you be just like you father , Bobby . he hang up . end intercut 102 . 84 int . farmhouse live room - day 84 Bobby disconnect . drop the phone in the satchel . audrey no one tell you to drop the phone in the satchel . bobby I be sorry . you want the phone to call the police ? Bobby start to reach in . audrey raise she gun higher . audrey do not . Bobby stop , frown . he step into the open as audrey step further in . bobby hey , now , I do not kill anybody . all I want be for you to sign the papers . all I want be the water rights . I just tell that guy to get the old man to sign . when they find out he be dead , they should have leave . I do not know what they be gonna do . audrey fix the gun on Bobby . he stare down the barrel , visibly shake . audrey 's aim be steady . her face be sure . audrey I want you to reach in slowly . if you want to live ... take out the phone . if you want to die ... take out the gun . Bobby vacillate . then he reach into the satchel so slow , it seem like forever . he nervously clutches something . audrey watch , wear a poker face . bobby well , I have already get the signature . so I guess there 's no sense in any more violence . he raise the satchel with he hand still in it ... bang ! blood spatter as a bullet rip through he chest . he groan , wildly raise the satchel into the air . 85 103 . bang ! he fire a round , blow out the side of the satchel , and into the ceiling . piece of ceiling rain down on he . we follow he as he fall back in slow motion , he face fill with disbelief . all the way until he hit the floor with a resounding thump . Dead . ext . farmhouse - ground - moment later 85 audrey amble out the back door with the gun slack in she hand . scan the barn and woodpile area as she approach . audrey cheyenne ! behind the barn cheyenne peek out from the bush she hide behind earlier . audrey approach the woodpile . audrey ( cont ’d ) cheyenne ! it 's okay ! cheyenne ( 0.s. ) here I be ! cheyenne come run . audrey look at she like it 's the most amazing thing she 's ever see . audrey cheyenne . they run into each other 's arm . hug tightly , try to absorb the moment for all it 's worth . audrey ( cont ’d ) I love you . cheyenne I love you too . they pull back with bittersweet face . audrey we do not have to live on the farm . exhausted smile be as close to giggle as they can manage . they slip back into a hug , prop each other up . 86 int . mr . 104 . pendleton 's office - day 86 super : '' one week later . '' Mr. pendleton sit at he desk and read from a file . he close mr . pendleton and so this conclude he last will and testament . the house be officially yours . the folder . mr . pendleton ( cont ’d ) I be not sure if you will want to live in it now or not , give all that 's happen . but it 's yours to do with as you please . be there any question ? audrey and cheyenne , dress nicely , sit across from he . audrey be audrey I do not hear you mention anything about the water rights . mr . pendleton Water rights ? you grandfather get he water from the district . confuse . this be news to she . audrey but I think grandpa 's water be gravity feed from a creek . I remember play around the reservoir when I be a kid . mr . pendleton yes , when you be a child , maybe . but he switch to district water over twenty year ago . he be too old to maintain the pipe . audrey then who own the water rights ? mr . pendleton the state . the law be that if water rights be not exercise for five year or more , they go into forfeiture . 105 . audrey do grandpa know this ? mr . pendleton I do not know . he would have be nearly eighty when it go into forfeiture . it 's entirely possible he could not read or understand the notice . audrey I do not think he do . so grandpa could not have sell the water rights even if he want to ? mr . pendleton he could have get they from the state . anyone could . audrey you mean that rights be up for grab for anyone who want they ? mr . pendleton yes , anyone . audrey stare , completely flabbergasted . she can not process it . Mr. pendleton become concerned . mr . pendleton ( cont ’d ) be you okay ? she do not answer . she just stare , distant . mr . pendleton ( cont ’d ) audrey ? finally , audrey break down . she bury she face in she hand and cry . it upset cheyenne . cheyenne what 's wrong ? mr . pendleton it will be all right . you can sell off some of the tree to the sawmill . that should get you by . cheyenne do not cry , Mom . as audrey 's '' cry '' progress , it become more and more evident that she 's not cry at all . she 's laugh . 106 . audrey I be not cry , sweetie . she raise she face . she 's on the verge of cry , but laugh nonetheless . cheyenne what 's so funny ? audrey all they have to do be ask . she keep laugh and fight back tear . audrey ( cont ’d ) all they have to do be ask . fade out .