warrior written by gavin O'Connor , Anthony tambakis &amp ; cliff dorfman ext . pittsburgh , PA - twilight a beautiful blue-collar city approach nightfall . bridge . Rivers . church . the work class poetry of the ` burgh . ext . ST . mary church - same paddy conlon ( 60 ) exit the door of a run-down church hold a 12 - step book . he be follow by a cluster of other people in the program and say he goodby . ext . / int . residential neighborhood /`75 old - later paddy grip the steering wheel with labor- callouse hand and drive over the p.j. mcardle Bridge and up a wind hill . he listen to " moby dick " on tape as the last piece of daylight bleed away . with rosary bead sway from he rear view , paddy turn and ease the old past row house in a blue - collar neighborhood high above the city . ext . house - same tommy conlon ( 28 ) , hard mile on a handsome face , sit on the stoop of a old row house in a wool watch cap and winter coat . a duffel bag be at he foot , a bottle of whiskey in a brown bag in he hand . he reach into he coat pocket , pop a handful of prescription pill , and stare off into the approach night . ext . paddy house - moment later paddy pull up to the curb in front of the house , click off the tape , kill the engine , and climb out of the car . as he approach the stair , paddy see Tommy . can not believe he eye . paddy Tommy ? Tommy give a drunken , crooked smile . paddy ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? tommy I be just pass through . figure why not have a belt with the old man . 2 . Father and son look at each other . it 's obvious it 's be a long , long time . Tommy take a bemuse look down at the car . tommy ( cont 'd ) she look good . paddy ( patting car hood ) yeah , she 's hang in there . tommy well , you always do take good care of she . paddy conlon . man of priority . paddy grin uncomfortably . let the remark go and climb the stair as Tommy reach into he duffel bag and produce a fresh bottle of jameson . he offer it to paddy . tommy ( cont 'd ) get a little something for ya . Mom always say never go anywhere empty hand . paddy she do . but that 's not for I anymore , Tommy . tommy what ? you change brand ? paddy shake he head . Tommy look at he . paddy conlon not drink ? what give ? paddy c'mon , let 's go inside . paddy pat he son on the back and head for the door as a confuse Tommy follow . title card : warrior int . paddy house - night paddy and Tommy walk through the front door . the house be clean , yet all the furnishings be from the late 1970 . Tommy stand in the de and look around , breathe the old place in , as paddy make he way into the kitchen . tommy I like what you have do with the place . 3. paddy ( o.s. ) appreciate that . the sound of glass clinking in the kitchen as Tommy take off he watch cap and begin to look around he old home . he glance down at a bible on a table beside a weathered barca lounge chair . tommy there 's not much of a woman 's touch around here . paddy ( o.s. ) no more woman for I , Tommy . tommy yeah ? must be hard to find a girl who can take a punch nowadays . Tommy take another swig from he bottle and look at a series of old photograph lining the wall as paddy walk into the room carry a coffee pot and saucer on a old wicker tray . Tommy look at he , incredulous . paddy here you go . tommy coffee ? you have not see a guy in 14 year and you be not gonna have a drink with he ? paddy I tell you , I be off it . I be come up on a thousand day . tommy c'mon , just one drink . paddy no . Tommy shrug . take another pull from he bottle and turn back to the photo . he take they in . framed photo of : 12 -year-old tommy , in a wrestling uniform and holding a huge trophy , stand next to a younger paddy , who wear a towel over he shoulder , circa 1992 . framed photo of : young paddy and a lovely , thin woman dancing awkwardly at a wedding reception , circa 1974 . 4. framed photo of : the same woman , shielding her eye from the SUN , stand next to two young boy , aged 4 and 6 , at the kennywood amusement park , circa 1984 . framed photo of : 8 - year-old tommy , a younger paddy , and a 10 - year -old boy stand in front of a blast furnace wearing hard hat circa 1988 . Tommy 's eye be draw to another picture , likely take at a mall photography studio , of a man and woman ( late 20 ) posing with a young girl ( 2 ) . the man look like the second boy in the other photo . his brother brendan . paddy ( cont 'd ) ( off picture ) he 's a school teacher down in Philly . Tommy 's face register surprise . paddy ( cont 'd ) remember tess ? they have get two beautiful little girl . Tommy turn back to the photo and look at another one of the woman . obviously he mother . he put it down , glance at the bible , then stare hard at paddy . tommy so you find God , huh ? that 's awesome . Mom keep call for he , but he be not around . I guess Jesus be down at the mill forgive all the drunk . who know ? paddy sip he coffee . say nothing . Tommy keep press . tommy ( cont 'd ) so , you gonna ask about she , or you just gonna sit there all sober ? paddy I know . tommy oh , you know ? what do you know ? do you know it be not enough just to drive west to get away from you ? when we hit the water we drive north , too . paddy when I get sober I hire a man to find you . 5 . tommy ( take a swig ) be that one of the 12 step ? or do a guy like you get 24 ? paddy just the 12 . tommy do you guy tell you what you need to know ? paddy just that you mother die in Tacoma . and you be in the Marines . that be all . that be enough . tommy that 's too bad . you could have get some good detail . Tommy plop himself into a recliner . glance at the coffee table , where a stack of classic book on tape sit . crime and punishment . the SUN also rise . the count of monte cristo . moby dick . tommy ( cont 'd ) you could have hear about she cough up blood in a shit box with no heat . have I rub she down with holy water , because she do not have no insurance . all the while wait for you pal Jesus to save she . do you man tell you that ? paddy I be sorry , Tommy . tommy it 's good to know you be sorry , pop. go a long way . paddy choke up . Tommy look at he . close he eye . tommy ( cont 'd ) I think I like you better when you be a drunk . a overwhelm paddy sip he coffee and look at Tommy , who be fade . the pill be kick in . he try to open he eye , but it 's no use , and after a few moment he 's out . 6. paddy glance down , where some pill have fall out of Tommy 's pocket and scattered on the rug . he watch he son . relieved and heartbroken at the same time . ext . brendan and tess ' home , philadelphia - day a chaotic birthday party in the back yard of a middle - class home in the suburb of Philly . a cluster of 5 - year old run about , some whack at a pinata hang from a tree , some whizzing down a large blow - up slide , some get they face paint by a make - up artist dress like a gypsy . tess conlon ( 29 ) bounce around the yard , multi-task like a champion and filming the proceedings with a video camera . she train the camera on brendan conlon ( 30 ) , who sit in a lawn chair in a scarf , hat , and woman 's make - up . through video camera lens : two girl , emily ( 5 ) , who wear a birthday girl crown , and rosie ( 3 ) , mimic the make - up woman and apply mascara and blush to brendan . tess what 's go on here ? brendan well , I be not sure , but I think daddy be now a princess . tess laugh . Brendan look at she with a " help I out here " expression . tess em , you want to open you present ? the make - over end abruptly at the mention of " present . " Emily , little sister in tow , run over to a table fill with gift as parent and child gather around . Brendan get out of the lawn chair and follow tess over to the gift table . amidst all the present be one BOX , cover in pink wrapping paper , that be far larger than the rest . tess ( cont 'd ) ( off pink box ) this a awfully big box . brendan it 's she birthday . tess turn the video camera toward Brendan again . he could not look more ridiculous . and he obviously do not clear the gift with he wife . he grin at she as she lower the camera . 7. tess ( teasing ) I know , but that 's why you call it a budget . you set it , and you do not budge . Brendan smile in he make -up . kiss he wife . ext . brendan and tess ' home - late afternoon the remnant of the birthday party lay strewn across the lawn . tess , in a cocktail waitress outfit , say goodbye to she mom and the kid , who play on the swing set . she walk toward the garage and enter to find Brendan press free weight on a old bench . int . garage - continuous Brendan continue to lift as tess rush in and toss a bag of garbage in the bin . a deep CUT , hide earlier by the make - up , be visible on he cheek . tess hey babe , I be late . Mom 's say goodbye to the girl . she 's gotta get on the road . they have be feed . they just need a bath . brendan I be on it . tess can you get they down at a reasonable time tonight ? they be exhaust . Brendan kiss tess . look at she outfit . brendan where 's the rest of that skirt ? tess Babe . brendan listen , if any guy give you a hassle in that joint tonight you give I a call , okay ? 8. tess ( off he cut ) yeah . just like you give I a call when that Temple frat boy decide to smash up you face . brendan I tell you , most night I sit on the stool and grade papers , but every now and then I need some action . tess alright , well wait up for I tonight . I will see what I can do about that . tess smile flirtatiously and and head for the car . brendan promise , promise . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - day a big , old - school warehouse , where a handful of guy whale away at MMA punch dummy and roll around on sweat - saturate mat . Sun slant through a dirty , industrial skylight . a no frill kind of gym . behind the front counter , fenroy ( 20 ) roll hand wrap and watch espn 's " MMA live " on a laptop . on computer screen : espn anchor jon anik interview promoter j.j. riley , and punkass and skyskrape from tapout . jon anik ( on screen ) and we return here on MMA live , jon anik alongside billionaire fight promoter j.j. riley . the tapout crew be also here . punk and skrape be in the building . now j.j. , what lead to this project that be redefining mix martial Arts here in the States ? j.j. riley ( on screen ) well , mix martial Arts be a sport that I have always be incredibly passionate about . as for where the idea for sparta come from , I have always kind of dig the Grand prix format , so I track this guy down to help I out . 9. punkass ( on screen ) when j.j. come to we he say he want to create the Super bowl of mix martial Arts . skrape ( on screen ) and he decide to put up the five million dollar purse , too . jon anik ( on screen ) well , there you have it . it shall be do . hedge fund king j.j. riley , go from the lion 's de of Wall Street to the cage , promote the biggest winner - take - all tournament in MMA history . sparta . as fenroy watch they talk about the upcoming sparta tournament , Tommy walk into the gym , survey the room with curiosity , and approach the front desk . tommy fitzy still own this ? fenroy do not know no fitzy . colt boyd own this gym . fenroy go back to he computer . Tommy stand there . notice a sparta poster on the wall read : " the war on the shore . atlantic CITY , JULY 2 - 3 . biggest winner take all in MMA history ! " fenroy ( cont 'd ) can I help you with something ? tommy how 's it work here ? fenroy thirty five a month with locker . we be open at 7 , light out at 11 . you wanna join ? tommy sure . fenroy grab a pencil and a index card and put they on the counter in front of Tommy . fenroy put you name and contact info on the card . 10 . int . central high school classroom , philadelphia - day Brendan stand in a classroom , surround by high school student wear safety goggle and raise cain . a block of wood sit wedge in a vice , and a student , tito , stand over it with a louisville slugger in he hand as he classmate cheer he on . brendan whoa whoa whoa ! there 's a lesson in this too , ok ? listen up . so we have a body at rest , and you have the bat which need -- tito acceleration . brendan acceleration , right . if you have enough acceleration , you have might have a chance to break the body at rest . ok . go ahead . Brendan , sleeve roll up and a bemuse look on he face , watch as tito bring the bat down on the wood . as it crack in half , the other student cheer wildly . tito smile and lean the bat against a blackboard with " newton be 2nd law of motion " print on it . brendan ( cont 'd ) there we go . alright tito , well do . remind not to mess with you . sit down everybody . dial it down . as tito high - fives he way back through the group , thing settle down and the kid take they seat . brendan ( cont 'd ) so , have we get it ? a room full of affirmative , with the cocky voice of nash , a skinny white kid in a Flyers jersey , stand out . nash Force equal mass time acceleration . we get it . brendan alright . the third law -- a black student , stephon , look up from he desk . 11 . stephon how many law this dude get ? brendan ( laughing ) the dude ? the dude have three . Newton the dude say that for every action , there 's a equal and opposite reaction . Brendan look toward the classroom door , where two red- and - white clad cheerleader be peer in , then walk over to kc , a blonde cheerleader seat in he class . she be work a blackberry and do not notice he approach . brendan ( cont 'd ) for example , if kc do not stop the action of send text in class ... Brendan stand directly in front of she desk . she quickly shove the blackberry under a stack of book . brendan ( cont 'd ) ... and tell she posse outside to beat it ... he turn and shoos away the two cheerleader peer in the window . brendan ( cont 'd ) ... then my reaction might be to send she down to principal Zito 's office . thus set we world back in proper balance . kc Mr. C , I put it away . the class bust on kc as Brendan walk back to he desk and sit on top of it . it 's clear from the vibe in the room that he 's a very popular teacher . then the bell ring . brendan alright , before you go , I have you test from last week . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - day fenroy sit at the front desk and look at he computer . watch " MMA live " and another feature on the big upcoming sparta tournament . 12. Tommy , wear a wife beater and old gray sweat , work a bag and eyeball a entourage that surround a ring . Inside , a heavily - muscle fighter with a mohawk , mad dog grime ( 30 ) , be put a beat on he sparring partner . the obsequious nature of the entourage make it clear that mad Dog be somebody important . in the ring , the sparring partner take a vicious spin back fist to the chin , go down in a heap , and do not get up . colt boyd ( 40s ) , clearly in charge , throw up he hand as mad Dog laugh . mad dog where do you find this girl ? colt climb into the ring and look at the fall fighter . glance at mad dog. colt boyd we get a tournament come up . you gonna kill every guy in the ` burgh ? ( to fenroy ) fenroy . get I some ice . and call that Puerto rican kid , the one that fight outa the bottom . if he 's here in 20 minute , he get 200 buck . tommy yo , I will fight he . colt turn around and look at Tommy . as do mad Dog , who smile down at he from inside the ring . colt boyd do I a favor guy , go back to you bag . we do not need anybody else get hurt . g'head . take a walk . Tommy walk back to he bag . mad Dog smile . look at Tommy 's outfit . mad dog yo rock , what happen ? you leave Mick and paulie at home today ? Tommy stop . walk back to the ring as fenroy approach . fenroy ( to colt ) his phone 's disconnect . 13. colt boyd then go through the list . get I Joe Bones . tommy ( to colt ) all I be say be if you need somebody to help you , I be happy to keep you boy warm for you . colt look at mad Dog . what do you think ? the mohawked fighter look at Tommy . shrug . it 's he funeral . colt boyd you ever fight before ? tommy yeah . colt study Tommy . see he 's serious . give in . colt boyd ( to fenroy ) this guy sign a waiver ? fenroy all good . colt boyd what 's you name ? tommy Tommy . colt boyd you get tune up in here , it 's on you , Tommy . tommy sure , no problem . colt boyd come on in . colt boyd wave Tommy into the ring . mad Dog 's entourage start whisper amongst themselves . snicker at what lay in wait for Tommy as the fall sparring partner be help out of the ring . a trainer tape Tommy 's hand and give he some MMA glove . he slip they on , then at the sound of a buzzer he start move toward mad Dog , who smirk at Tommy 's aggression and then start circle he . Tommy nail he with a front kick to the chest . grime stagger back and shake it off . 14 . mad dog gonna be a hero ? alright . he crouch down , get serious . he throw a right . blocked . a leg kick . blocked . Tommy snap he head with a jab . then he do it again . and again . then he deck he with a hard right , send mad Dog to the canvas to the shock of he entourage and colt boyd . fenroy look up from he post and walk over to the ring . within moment everyone in the gym stop what they be do and watch as Tommy grab the back of mad Dog 's head , haul it down , and launch knee after knee into he face . Tommy start throw mad Dog around like a rag doll , strike he with vicious punch and kick , as fenroy pull out he cell phone and start filming the action . as colt boyd scream at mad Dog to cover up , Tommy shove he against the rope and blast away . Tommy continue to pound . it 's a full - fledge beat go on in there . finally , he crush mad Dog with a vicious leave hook and send he sprawling through the rope , unconscious . silence in the gym . what the hell just happen here ? the entourage rush to mad Dog 's aid , but he 's out cold . colt boyd look on in disbelief as Tommy walk across the ring and approach he . tommy you owe I two hundred buck . int . first union bank - day Brendan sit in a chair across from loan officer dan taylor ( 40s ) . they be mid-meete and go over document . dan taylor this be the new appraisal figure , and this be how it effect the monthly . as you can see , that put you upside down on you mortgage . that 's the problem . it 's the country that do the assessment , not the bank . so , the number be what they be , Mr. conlon . brendan Brendan . 15 . dan taylor the number be what they be , Brendan . I mean , you be a math teacher , you can appreciate that . brendan I teach physics . dan taylor physics . ok . but the bank have get to go by the new appraisal figure . accord to this figure , you be upside down on you mortgage -- brendan you say that three time already . I get that . but I be ask you if there 's something else you can do . not the bank , you . can you shift thing around , restructure -- dan taylor well , you have already refinance twice . brendan because you advise we to do that . dan taylor I present you with that option . it be you choice . ( beat ) I be also show you netted a substantial payout with the refi . brendan we have that conversation . I be pay medical bill . be that in you file ? Taylor look at Brendan . take he a second to remember . dan taylor oh , right . sorry . you daughter 's ... kidney ? brendan heart . dan taylor heart , right . ( off stack of file on desk ) lot of storey . 16 . Brendan glare at he . brendan so my option be I have get no option ? you be not even gonna try to help I ? dan taylor I be try , Brendan . look , I can get you 90 day to get even -- brendan 90 day be not enough . my wife and I have three job between we and that do not cut it . so , what do you suggest ? dan taylor let I ask you a question : have you consider bankruptcy ? it 's a viable option . there 's no shame in it this day . brendan that 's not how I do thing . dan taylor well , then you be look at foreclosure . Brendan get up and storm out of the office . announcer # 1 ( v.o. ) utter domination by Tommy conlon , the undefeate freshman from Pittsburgh ... int . paddy house - night paddy sit in front of the tv and watch a old video tape of a wrestle tournament . the bottom of the screen read : 1994 PA state wrestling final . conlon VS. speery . on tv screen : 14 -year-old tommy dominate a opponent . announcer # 1 ( v.o. ) ... the prodigy have yet to yield a single point in the entire tournament . it 's just unprecedented . 17 . announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) Tommy train by he father since the age of five . announcer # 1 ( v.o. ) you be talk about paddy conlon . announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) the controversial paddy conlon . on tv screen : a younger paddy shout instruction as tommy crush he opponent . announcer # 1 ( v.o. ) say what you will about the method of the former Marine , but he 's lead he son to six straight junior Olympic title , and now just moment away from a high school state championship . and there it be ! wow ! on tv screen : tommy pin he opponent and leap off the mat in jubilation . announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) there 's just no limit to what the future hold for this kid ! as paddy watch , the doorbell ring . he make he way to the door as the tape continue to play . announcer # 1 ( v.o. ) Tommy tell I that he 's chase the record of theogene , apparently a mythical Greek fighter say to be unbeaten in over 1400 bout ... paddy open the door to find colt boyd stand on the stoop . colt boyd how you doin , ' sir ? I be look for Tommy riordan . paddy register the name " riordan . " paddy who ? colt boyd Tommy riordan ? my name 's colt boyd . paddy what business you get with Tommy ? 18. colt boyd none yet . that 's why I be here . I manage fighter . colt look at paddy . jam he hand in he pocket . he 's obviously wait for a invite inside . it do not come . colt boyd ( cont 'd ) Tommy 's be work out at my gym . he put a beat on the number one middleweight contender in the world today . I want to know more about the guy . maybe help he out . I have a lot of contact , Mr. riordan . paddy conlon . name 's conlon . and anything you want to know about Tommy , you gotta ask he yourself . colt boyd I be just look for some general information here . paddy like I say , anything you want to know about Tommy , you gotta ask he yourself . colt boyd look , I do not mean to interrupt you night . he put this address down when he sign up at the gym . paddy he do not live here . paddy close the door on a frustrated colt . int . brendan be car - night Brendan drive down the road on the outskirt of town and talk on he cell . brendan ( into phone ) listen kiddo , I need you put mommy back on , ok ? I love you . ( beat ) hey . I be just pull in . huh ? oh , they have get this open mic night thing . should be a quiet one . sleep well . you too . bye . 19 . ext . the tender trap - night Brendan pull into the parking lot of the local strip club . a white tent be set up outside , and the parking lot be overflow with car . something big go on . int . tender trap tent - same aluminum bleacher be set up around a ring , where two amateur fighter go at it under a bank of sodium light . hundred of rowdy local swill beer and boo lustily when the action slow . int . tender trap ring - later mike moore ( 20 ) , a fighter sport sleeve of demonic ink , pace in he corner as a cluster of biker cheer he on from ringside . a announcer walk to the center of the ring with a cordless microphone . announcer it 's time for we next contest ! introduce first , fight out of the red corner , from ripley , West Virginia , please welcome Mike " the mutilator " Moore ! some holler from the crowd . announcer ( cont 'd ) and in the blue corner . he fight out of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . please welcome " irish " Brendan conlon ! a lo and behold , there 's a shirtless Brendan stand in the corner of the ring wear a pair of short . on he right shoulder , a elaborate tattoo of the conlon family crest . announcer ( cont 'd ) this bout be schedule for three five - minute round , and when the action begin you referee be Mr. Rick fike . the referee enter the ring and stand between Brendan and Mike Moore . 20 . referee fighter to the center ! I want you to obey my command at all time . if you have no question , touch glove , back up , and wait for my signal . come out fight ! Brendan reach out to touch glove with Mike Moore , but he opponent snub he and storm back to he corner . he mean business . Brendan , look less sure of himself , retreat to he corner . referee ( cont 'd ) fighter , be you ready ? let 's go ! the biker raise hell as the bell sound . Moore come out bombing . Brendan dodge a couple of wild haymaker , then get catch in the side of the head with a right hand . he stumble back into the rope and Moore press into he , swatting at he with he huge hand . Brendan absorb the blow , duck down , grab Moore by the leg , lift he , and dump he on the mat with a resounding thud . obviously bull strong and with tremendous punch skill , Brendan sit on he opponent 's chest and start raining down shot , bang and bang , pulverize he face and body . it 's a full on ass - whooping go on in there until finally , mercifully , the referee stop the butchery amidst a mixture of cheer from the crowd and boos from the biker . a wind Brendan walk to he corner , touch the side of he head , wipe a small amount of blood on he short , and climb out of the ring , where a promoter approach . promoter Nice fight . two more win and you take home the bacon . int . brendan and tess ' home - bedroom - night the bedroom door open and Brendan creep through the room and into the bathroom . int . brendan and tess ' home - bathroom - same it 's dark , except for the moonlight glow through the window . a exhaust Brendan take off he shirt and begin wash he badly swollen face . then the door open , and tess shuffles in . 21 . tess ( sleepy ) hey babe . how be work ? Brendan do not answer . tess slowly wake up . as she do , she get a look at he face . tess ( cont 'd ) oh my God . what happen ? you say it be go to be a slow night . tess study he face . Brendan look at she . reaches into he pocket and hand she $ 500 in cash . brendan I be not bounce at a club . tess what do you mean you be not bounce ? she look at he . look at the money . put it together . tess ( cont 'd ) you have be lie to I ? brendan I go in to apply . they be only pay nine buck a hour . then I see a sign for this other thing . tess can not believe what she 's hearing . brendan ( cont 'd ) they be put we out of the house in three month , we be run out of option -- tess ( furious ) then they will put we out of the house in three month . I would rather go back to the old apartment than see you in the back of a ambulance again . ( beat ) I think we agree that we be not go to raise we child in a family where they father get beat up for a live . 22. brendan we be not give up the house . this be we home . we be not go backward tess reach up and touch he batter face . calm herself down . embrace she husband . tess we will figure it out . but this be what we be not go back to . ext . trackside diner - morning a steady rain tumble down over a old - school diner in the shadow of the railroad track . int . diner - same paddy sit in a booth and take a sip of coffee . judge by the spend sugar packet and the half - eat club sandwich , he 's be there a while . the front door swing open and Tommy enter wear he watch cap and sweat . he make he way over to the booth and plop himself down . it 's clear something 's on he mind but he do not say anything . finally , paddy engage he . paddy you want to talk ? tommy yeah . ( beat ) I be gonna start fight . paddy that right ? tommy do not play babe in the wood with I . I know that guy from the gym come to see you . paddy colt boyd ? I do not tell he anything , Tommy . tommy we would not be sit here now if you do . 23. Tommy grab a fry off paddy 's plate . tommy ( cont 'd ) alright . look . there 's this tournament . a big tournament . top sixteen middleweight in the world . single elimination . winner take all for a lot of money . I be gonna do that . but if I be doin ' it , then I be gonna need a trainer . now that much you be good at . ( off paddy grin ) no , no , no . this do not mean anything . paddy try to tether it down , but he 's happy . Tommy look at he sternly . tommy ( cont 'd ) I be serious . we train . that 's it . I do not wanna hear a word about anything but training , you understand ? you wanna tell you war storey , you can take `em down to the vfw . you can take `em to a meeting , or church , or wherever the hell it be you go nowadays . paddy what about colt boyd ? tommy what about he ? I tell he I do not train with people I do not know . paddy ah , the devil you know . tommy Excuse I ? paddy the devil you know be better than the devil you do not . Tommy look at he . grin for the first time . paddy ( cont 'd ) Chasing theogene . it will be kinda like old time . 24 . tommy ( angry ) I just tell you , this do not mean anything . you get that through you skull right now or I be walk . paddy calmly sip he coffee , then lean in on Tommy with a stern look . the old lion 's get a few tooth leave . paddy alright . alright . but you get something through you skull , too . you call I . so do not go threaten to walk every five minute . and since this be about training , you dump whatever it be you need to dump as far as that pill be concerned . I do not want to see `em . Tommy give he a hard look , but the old man do not shy away . paddy ( cont 'd ) in fact , hand `em over right now . ( beat ) I know they be on you , Tommy . you sound like a goddamn maraca come through the door . Tommy consider , then reach into he pocket and slide two bottle across the table . paddy ( cont 'd ) that 's not gonna do . ( shaking bottle ) when you come through that door it be chhh-chhh -chhh . ( hold up 3 finger ) Three . Tommy look at he . fish another bottle out of he pocket and flip it on the table . paddy ( cont 'd ) ( off french fries ) and another thing , you do not eat crap like this . this be for loser and old man . ( beat ) and we be gonna have to bunk up . if we be gonna do this right , you gotta stay at the house . ( more ) 25 . paddy ( cont 'd ) I watch you diet , we follow the old regimen . you copy ? the two man stare at each other . Tommy look furious , but he do not get up . a silent , tenuous agreement be reach . paddy ( cont 'd ) copy . int . central high hallway - morning Brendan , he face bruise badly from the night before , walk down the hallway toward he classroom . student watch he as he pass and whisper . int . central high school classroom - same the class be fill with the kind of buz that can only rise off a major rumor . tito , nash , kc , and stephon discuss . tito my brother say he be at the strip club and see Mr. C fight MMA --- nash what 's MMA ? stephon mix martial Arts . like , different style of fight . kc you brother 's a liar . Brendan enter the room . the kid look at he . Holy shit . it 's true . brendan take you seat . Brendan put he bag down on he desk and face the class . he be not amused by the murmure in there . brendan ( cont 'd ) now , please . the kid pipe down . then tito speak up . 26 . tito yo , Mr. C . my brother be at the titty bar last night and say you be choke brother out . what 's up ? be it true ? stephon yeah , Mr. c. I mean , do you really work on some fool or something ? kc you have to tell we . before Brendan can answer , he see principal joe zito ( 5as ) gesture to he through the window of the classroom . Zito tap he watch and point . come see I after class . int . principal zito's office - later Zito , puffy face , hair get thin by the hour , hang up he phone as Brendan poke he head in . Zito wave he in . eyeballs the mark on he face . brendan c'mon , it 's not as bad as it look . joe zito be you be literal or figurative ? because literally it look bad . and figuratively it look even worse . the superintendent 's come by in a few minute . so gimme a little help here , Brendan . can you explain to I what the hell you be do ? brendan I need the money , Joe . joe zito yeah , but we can not have this . this be not moonlight at applebee 's for Christ 's sake . Zito stand up and run he hand across he head . joe zito ( cont 'd ) shit , Brendan . leave everything else aside , which we can not , be you out of you mind ? you be gonna get yourself kill . I mean , you be a goddamn teacher . ( more ) 27 . joe zito ( cont 'd ) you have get no business in the ring with that animal . brendan actually , I use to be one of that animal . Zito look at Brendan . puzzle . brendan ( cont 'd ) I fight for a live . ( beat ) guess I forget to put that down on my application . joe zito yeah , I guess you do . Zito sit back down . brendan look , I be sorry , Joe . it 's just -- joe zito listen , the school district 's not go to tolerate school teacher cockfight in strip club . brendan it be the parking lot of a strip club . joe zito wherever it be , you can not be do it , alright ? I mean this be a serious -- shit , he 's here . Zito see the superintendent enter the foyer outside he office . he 's look none too pleased . joe zito ( cont 'd ) this be a serious problem . ( beat ) guy have not be inside a school since 9 - 11 . brendan what be we gonna do ? joe zito you say yes , sir . and you say no , sir . and you say it will never happen again , sir . and then we just pray to God he 's in a good mood . 28 . Brendan and Joe stand up . Zito can not tether down a slight grin . joe zito ( cont 'd ) ufc ? Brendan nod . Joe shake he head . impress . joe zito ( cont 'd ) sonofabitch . int . brendan and tess ' home - kide playroom - night Brendan sit in a miniature playroom off the kid 's bedroom , put glue on the leg of a toy piano . tess enter the bedroom , where the girl sleep , and lean into the playroom . they speak in whisper . tess what be you do ? brendan ( off piano ) the girl have a important piano recital in the morning . get a equipment malfunction . ( beat ) how would it go ? tess they be gonna review you case at the end of the semester , but until then you be suspend without pay . Joe give I the number of he attorney . brendan how the hell be we gonna pay for a attorney ? tess crouch down and enter the tiny room . she sit on the floor . tess he talk to I for free . as a favor to Joe . brendan that be nice . 29 . tess he say there 's no precedent for this . you will be back by next semester . brendan next semester ? tess sigh . they sit in silence . there be no easy solution . finally , Brendan speak up . brendan ( cont 'd ) look , tess . they have this smoker fight all over . there 's one in lancaster next week . there 's two in dover the week after . wilmington . camden . Baltimore . it could keep we afloat . tess you be gonna put yourself through this over and over , for five hundred buck a pop ? brendan some of they pay a little more than that . ( beat ) I would have have to bounce for a month to make what I make in two hour last night . Brendan look at he wife . brendan ( cont 'd ) and this guy , they be not real fighter . they be just guy who have see too much ufc on tv . if you have a better solution , I be all ear . tess sit quietly . know they have limited option . tess what be we gonna tell the girl ? brendan it will be fine . I will just leave the house as usual , except now I will be go to the gym . they look at each other . no choice . this be the plan . 30 . int . tommy' room - pre-dawn paddy climb the stair with a poster board tuck under he arm and a cup of coffee in he hand . he enter Tommy 's room , which be also a monument to the past . Old wrestle trophies , steeler ' poster , and a empty second bed that obviously once belong to Brendan . paddy ( singing ) oh the duck say quack and the cow say moo , and the old red rooster say cock -a-doodle -doo . cock -a - doodle -doo . paddy place the cup of coffee on the night stand as Tommy stir , then sit on the empty bed and unroll the poster . it 's yellow with age and cover with a boy 's handwrite . on board : theogene 1415 win . no loss . tommy conlon 315 win . no loss . also , a 1994 newspaper clipping reading " prodigy win state championship , " and above it , goal : 1998 , college , penn state . 2000 , summer olympics , gold medal . paddy ( cont 'd ) look what I find in that disaster of a basement . whattya say we sit down and update this sometime ? you can fill I in on how close you get to that record . Tommy say nothing . not a nostalgic bone in he body . the dream on that poster be long go . paddy ( cont 'd ) do you continue wrestle after you leave with you mother ? ( beat ) c'mon , Tommy . tell I something . tommy yeah , I will tell ya something . you can take that thing back to where you find it . and you can leave the coffee in the pot . I can pour that myself . I can wake myself up , too . paddy 's stung but cover it amiably . paddy ok . hurt my knee come up and down that stair anyway . ( beat ) ( more ) 31 . paddy ( cont 'd ) coffee pot 's on till 0 - 500 , then I dump it . ext . al adad AIR base , ramadi , iraq - day Marine base camp in the middle of the iraqi desert . blackhawk helicopter float in the sky . marine rush about . int . marine communications tent , ramadi , iraq - same marine of various rank huddle around a computer screen , fire up about something they be watch . marine # 1 damn dude , that 's brutal . lance corporal MARK bradford ( 20 ) walk up to see what the commotion be all about . bradford what 's that ? marine # 2 " mad Dog " grime gettin ' tune up by some dude in a gym in Pittsburgh . bradford who 's " mad Dog " grime ? marine # 2 shit , Bradford . the stuff you do not know amaze I . ( off computer ) oh my god , do you see that ? on computer screen : you tube video of the cell phone footage fenroy take of tommy beat up on mad dog grime . the mohawked fighter be crushed by the left hook and fall between the rope . Bradford stare at the screen , he eye widen as the Marines raise hell about the footage . bradford wait , rewind that . one of the Marines rewind the video . Bradford look at the image in disbelief , then race out of the tent . 32 . ext . bravo company compound - continuous Bradford hustle outside into the searing sunlight . int . tent - continuous Bradford enter a barrack , where private " AV " simer ( 20 ) play card with other marine . bradford AV , I need to see the tape ! AV what tape ? bradford the tape . AV drop he card , rush to he bunk , pull out a steel container load with videotape and sift through it . they be label by day and month . AV find what he 's look for , load it into the camera , and hit play . on video screen : a chaotic FIRE fight in the dead of night . muzzle flash . tracer light . mayhem . the camera focus on a flipped tank , half of it submerge in water . a marine , head shave but almost certainly tommy , suddenly appear and climb on top of the tank , reaching for the hatch . bradford freeze . AV hold the " pause " button down as Bradford look at the screen in disbelief . it 's definitely Tommy . bradford ( cont 'd ) that 's he . that 's he . int . campana fighting system - day in a top MMA gym , frank campana ( 40s ) work in a ring with brazilian superstar marco santos ( 20 ) and other fighter . the sound of classical music fill the air . frank let the music sink in to you . this be Beethoven . breathe . breathe . as Frank teach , Brendan walk in the door . the great trainer notice he and walk over . 33. frank ( cont 'd ) do I know you ? I think I know you . they embrace warmly . frank ( cont 'd ) Long time , brother . brendan like the place , Frank . frank thank you , brother . ( off brazilian fighter ) you see this beast ? Marco Santos ? I be training he for sparta . brendan amazing , man . frank come on back . the two head for the office at the back of the gym . int . franks office - continuous they walk into a office fill with photo of Frank in he fight day . he be obviously somebody . the wall be also adorn with sparta poster . Frank reach into a mini- fridge , pull out a couple bottle of vitamin water . he hand one to Brendan and motion for he to sit down . frank you look good , brother . how're the girl ? brendan good. good . I have another little one . rosie . frank I know . johnny c. tell I she be in the hospital for a bit . I be gonna call , but then time go by . I do not know . I be a piece of shit . I should have call . brendan it 's alright . frank no , Brendan . I be sorry . 34 . brendan it 's all good . she 's good now . Frank look at he old friend . smile warmly . frank it 's great to see you , man . so everything 's go good ? brendan yeah . well , I have get a little problem . the guy at the bank want to take my house away . that 's kind of why I come to see you , actually . Frank consider what he 's hearing . frank I have get most of my dough tie up in this joint , but how much do you need ? brendan I do not come here for a loan , Frank . ( beat ) I be hope you would train I . frank train you for what ? brendan I want to get back in the cage . Frank start smile . leans back in he seat . then he see Brendan be not smile with he . frank you be serious ? brendan I just win a event the other night . frank ah , you win a event . ( off bruise face ) that 's what this be . let I guess , it be in a parking lot . dj from the local radio station . couple of ring card girl you would not bang on a dare . be I right ? Brendan smile . 35 . brendan ish . frank ish. Brendan . I love you . I do . but why would I train you ? when you be in shape and on the right side of 30 you be barely a .500 fighter . you never listen to I . you never listen to anyone . this guy be animal . I mean , you be a teacher , right ? what be you gonna do ? you be gonna come down here for a couple day a week after detention ? you be gonna skip out of the girl 's volleyball game early ? brendan I have get load of time . time 's not a issue . the parking lot thing kinda get I suspend . I need to keep work the smoker . frank tess know about this ? ( off Brendan 's nod ) yeah ? ` Cause the last time you fight , I get read the riot act sit in a hospital wait room . you remember that ? brendan no . I be unconscious . the two friend share a laugh . frank she 's not gonna come down here with the two puppy , scream at Frank ? brendan it 's not gonna happen . come on . whattya say , Frank ? frank what do I say ? what be I gonna say to you ? no ? I mean , all my time be wrap up with Marco . you come down , I will throw you in the rotation , you spar with this guy , no problem . but I can not promise you much more than that , Brendan . 36 . brendan that 's all I need . Brendan stand up . shake Frank 's hand . brendan ( cont 'd ) I appreciate it . frank let I know when you be come down . brendan ( walking away ) well , I be just gonna go get my stuff from the car . frank now ? Brendan put he duke up and smile as Frank shake he head . ext . brendan and tess's home - night Brendan pull into the driveway of he modest home , get out of he camry , and look to the street , where paddy stand outside he old , lean on the passenger door . Brendan carry a gym bag and wear work out clothes . he 's clearly not happy to see paddy , who stand there , uncomfortable and heavy heart in the light of the street lamp . paddy hey , Brendan . it 's I , pop . brendan what be you do here ? paddy I have some news for you . brendan something wrong with you hand ? paddy shake he head , unsure what he mean . brendan ( cont 'd ) if there 's nothing wrong with you hand then there 's no reason for you not to phone . that 's the deal . 37 . paddy yeah , I forget -- brendan phone or mail , pop . non negotiable . paddy hold he hand out , palm down . paddy hey Brendan , have you ever see my hand so steady ? have you ? brendan I be go inside . paddy I have get a thousand day . a thousand day sober today . brendan well , that 's great , pop . but it do not change anything . paddy what do you mean it do not change anything ? have a heart , Brendan . paddy 's word set Brendan off . a side of he we have not see before emerge . he approach he father fiercely . brendan you listen to I . you take you have - a-heart bullshit and you run it down the road . run it out on someone who do not know you like I do . paddy c'mon , Brendan . I think maybe we could break bread . open some line of communication . brendan you get two line of communication , the telephone and the post office . just because you decide it 's a special day , it do not make it one for I . I get a wife and kid inside and they be wait for I , so I do not have time for whatever this be . 38 . paddy I know you get a wife and kid in there . I get a grand - daughter I have not see in three year and another I have not even ever meet . brendan why be that , pop ? why be that ? do you remember have anything to do with that ? paddy nod . cast he eye down in shame . brendan ( cont 'd ) that shit you pull . never again . and all the shit I see grow up ? that do not happen here . Brendan look at the reform paddy , a measure of sympathy on he face . then he head for the house . brendan ( cont 'd ) take care of yourself . as he 's halfway through the yard , paddy call out . paddy Tommy 's back . Brendan stop in he track . he turn and look at he dad . paddy ( cont 'd ) he 's in the ` burgh . brendan Tommy 's in Pittsburgh ? paddy he come to see I . brendan he come to see you ? paddy he 's over at the house . we be do a little training at fitzy 's . remember fitzy 's ? it be not fitzy 's anymore . Brendan walk closer . incredulous . brendan you and Tommy be training together ? 39 . paddy nod . brendan ( cont 'd ) Tommy conlon . paddy riordan . he 's use you mother 's maiden name now . brendan I know what she name be . paddy I think you would want to know he 's back . that 's why I drive all the way over here . brendan I think you come to break bread over a thousand day ? paddy that too . Brendan look at he . consider . brendan do he say if he want to see I ? paddy he do not say much . he 's just not that happy kid he be . brendan wow , look at you . mister inside man . paddy frown . brendan ( cont 'd ) you and Tommy training together like nothing ever happen . this be unbelievable . now I know what you be really do here . paddy what 's that ? brendan you come to gloat . paddy I do not come to gloat . I come to get my son back . 40 . brendan well , there you go . you get you son back . paddy I be talk about you , bren -- brendan you get you son back . Brendan start to walk away , then turn around again . brendan ( cont 'd ) you know , part of the reason I stick around be `cause I think I would finally get you all to myself . but you do not have any interest in training I . Tommy be the one . paddy ah , Brendan . I be a drunk . I mean , you know . I be sorry . brendan forget it . you be always a front runner . you never have any interest in underdog . but I be you son . paddy you be my son . brendan be I ? paddy yeah , you be . I be just ask you to find just a little space in you heart to forgive I . brendan yeah . alright . I forgive you . but I do not trust you . tell Tommy this be where I be if he want to see I . paddy alright . but they be not different thing . you have gotta trust to forgive -- brendan goodnight , pop. 41 . paddy look toward the house , where Emily , rosie , and tess stand at the door . paddy wave . paddy my God , be that Emily ? Boy , she 's grow , Brendan . be that rosie ? Brendan keep walk . open he door to step inside . rosie daddy , who be that ? brendan just some nice old man . Brendan close the door , leave the heartbroken paddy alone in the yard . ext . colt pittsburgh fight club - day Tommy , he hoodie drench , jog up the sidewalk and enter the gym . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - continuous fenroy watch " MMA live " on he computer as Tommy walk in the door and head into the gym . on computer screen : jon anik at the MMA live desk . a photo of koba , a bad , bald russian fighter , be also on the screen . jon anik huge news break here at espn . koba be come to America and will fight at sparta . universally consider to be the great pound for pound fighter that ever live , the mighty , mythical Russian have never fight on U.S. soil in he legendary career ... mad Dog grime train furiously under the watchful eye of colt boyd . when colt see Tommy approach , he turn he attention away from mad Dog . colt boyd Tommy ? get some news for ya . I get you into sparta . take some do , but I make it happen .. ( off no reaction from Tommy ) thank you and 10 percent be customary . 42 . Tommy head up the stair toward the locker room without acknowledge colt , though he do allow a small smile to crease he lip . int . locker room - continuous Tommy pull a crumpled piece of paper out of a beat - up wallet and begin dump change into a old pay phone on the wall . int . pilar fernandez's house , EL paso , TEXAS - same more of a shack than a house . pilar fernandez ( 20 ) , a pretty but tired mexican girl , watch a grainy tv with a six - year - old boy and a four- year - old girl as the phone ring . the table it sit on have a framed picture of Tommy and another marine on it , they arm around each other in the iraqi desert . intercut tommy and pilar pilar bueno ? tommy pilar . it 's Tommy . pilar Tommy ! dios mio ! I can not believe it ! how be you ? tommy good good . how you doin ' ? pilar ok . you know I , Tommy . ( beat ) I be get really worried about you . tommy how're thing ? kid be good ? pilar they be good . Maria 's get so big . she look more like manny every day . tommy how 's little man ? 43. pilar he 's good . he 's a good kid , Tommy . take care of he sister . he 's a great kid . everyone 's good . tommy you know , pilar , I have not forget for one minute what I promise you . what I promise manny . I have get a opportunity come up to help you guy out . to take care of you guy . pilar whatever you can do , Tommy . I know manny would really appreciate it . you worry too much . it 's ok . we be hang in there . begin training montage begins ext . p.j. mcardle bridge , pittsburgh - pre-dawn Tommy , hoodie up , run in the darkness as paddy 's old trail behind he , the SOUND of " moby Dick " play in the car . ext . hillside - day Frank watch as a team of fighter race up a steep hill . Marco be ahead of the pack , Brendan in the middle . ext . 33rd STREET rail yard - morning Tommy run hard through a industrial area along the Allegheny River . the sky , the steel , the bridge , everything 's hard and gray . int . marine communications tent , fallujah , iraq - day Bradford and other Marines watch " MMA live " on a laptop . on computer screen : j.j. riley be interviewed by jon anik via satellite from tokyo . jon anik ( on screen ) with eight week leave till sparta , j.j. riley and the tap out crew take time out of they international press tour to join we . ( more ) 44 . jon anik ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) j.j. , we have never see this kind of Grand prix tournament in the country before . tell we , why the unique format ? j.j. riley ( on screen ) well , jon , you know as well as anyone that in mix martial Arts , anyone can beat anyone on a give night ... ext . parking lot , scranton PA - night Brendan take steady blow from a opponent in another smoker , then turn the table , slam he man down , and choke he out . his skill be improve . j.j. riley ( v.o. ) ... but with this type of format , it 's gonna be tough to deny who the champion be . ext . 33rd STREET tire yard - morning in a expansive and grim scrap yard along the river bank , Tommy somehow manage to lift and flip old long - haul rig tire . they be roughly the size of hot tub . his strength be astonish . j.j. riley ( v.o. ) you have get four fight in two night , sixteen fighter down to one . winner gonna be the last man stand . ext . hillside - day everyone charge up the hill with Frank push they . Marco lead the charge again , but Brendan be gain and a close second . ext . p.j. mcardle bridge - morning Tommy run across the bridge as paddy follow behind in the old , right at he heel . the pace be relentless . 45 . int . brendan and tess ' house - day tess and the girl run up the stair as espn play on the tv in the de . on tv screen : jon anik and fighter / analyst rashad evan discuss koba . jon anik ( on screen ) only five week leave `til sparta and the hype continue for the War on the shore . fourth of July weekend in Atlantic City and you know what that mean : the great koba , bring he act stateside . let I ask you about the other guy . what be they think enter a winner take all tournament against a guy that seemingly can not be beat ? rashod evan ( on screen ) they be think five million dollar , and five million dollar be a lot of money , but they have gotta remember one thing : they be go against koba . Mission impossible . game over . go home . tess come back down the stair and look at the screen , concern on she face . on tv screen : the mighty koba tattoos a opponent with a vicious strike to the head . the fighter fall flat on he back and be finished off in no time . brutal . " from russia with love " appear on screen . int . campana fighting system - morning Frank let himself into the gym at the crack of dawn . find Brendan already there , training alone with ferocity and listen to classical music . ext . 33rd STREET tire yard - day Tommy pound on tire with a sledge hammer as paddy exhort he on . it 's a brutal regimen . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - night fenroy watch " MMA live " on he computer . 46 . on computer screen : jon anik interview mad dog grime . jon anik ( on screen ) the ` Pittsburgh beatdown ' have become one of the most watch video on YouTube this year . now join we via satellite be the victim of the infamous incident , mad Dog grime . mad Dog , what be you response to all the hoopla surround the video and Tommy riordan ? mad dog ( on screen ) this guy 's a nobody . it be just a sparring session . it be what it be , and he 's gonna pay for it next month in Atlantic City . ext . parking lot , youngstown ohio - night Brendan work over another fighter in a smoker . he look fantastic and submit the guy with slick jiu jitsu . ext . hillside - day up the hill they race , Brendan now lead the way and Marco struggle to catch up with he . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - day Tommy and mad Dog work out , each jump rope at blind speed . they eyeball each other , the hate increase . jon anik ( v.o . ) with sparta now only two short week away , j.j. riley and the tap out crew return to the U.S. after a world tour that see they visit ten fighter in ten different country . int . campana fighting system - day as Marco and Brendan train , j.j. riley , skyskrape , and punkass walk into the gym and warmly greet Frank . all obviously old friend . 47 . jon anik ( v.o . ) they stop in Philadelphia today to check in on renowned trainer Frank campana and top contender Marco Santos . ext . p.j. mcardle bridge , pittsburgh - morning Tommy keep run , paddy in the old right behind he . frank ( v.o . ) you have gotta relax and stay calm in there . the cage be you home . you set the pace . int . campana fighting system - day Brendan and Marco grapple . they be evenly match . Frank look on , impressed by Brendan . frank ( v.o . ) you set the rhythm . feel the Beethoven . be smarter than he . more patient . wait for he to make a mistake . and when he do , that 's you moment . Brendan turn Marco and get he in a knee bar . Marco have nowhere to go and be force to tap . Frank jump in the ring , all smile , and slap Brendan on the chest . frank no he do not tap you ! physics teacher ! that 's the best in the world there , son . ext . 33rd STREET tire yard - day Tommy keep push the giant tire until he finally reach the end of the yard . he 's ready . ext . hillside - day Frank , Brendan , and group of other fighter stand at the bottom of the hill and tend to Marco Santos , who have just badly injured he knee . end of training montage 48 . ext . ST . ignatius hospital - night a ambulance pull in front of the er . int . underground parking garage - later a sorely deject Frank walk through a underground parking garage with Brendan . brendan you gonna be ok ? wanna grab a bite ? frank Nah . I be gonna head home . I gotta call the boy and break the news . I will call you tomorrow . Frank head off through the lot . Brendan reach he car , stop , consider . call out to Frank while jogging toward he . brendan coach ! hey , I know this be not a great time . and it 's too bad about Marco . but what about I ? Brendan look hopefully at Frank , who shake he head as he begin to open the door of he ` 70 Ford bronco . frank you talk about sparta ? Brendan , please . you get a better chance of start a boy band . I will talk to you tomorrow . brendan it 's a grand prix tournament . which mean anything can happen . you know that as well as I do . Frank look at he . see how serious Brendan be . brendan ( cont 'd ) they will have to kill I to get I out of that cage . frank that 's what I be afraid of . brendan Frank , I need this . you be real tight with that guy . you call they , they will listen to you . 49 . frank you realize what you be ask I to do here , Brendan ? we go down to ac and you get tapped out in five second , how do that benefit either one of we ? brendan that 's not gonna happen . frank not gonna happen . wish I have a nickel for every time I hear that . brendan ( smiling ) it 's not gonna happen . Frank break . smile . how can he say no ? frank I will make a call . Brendan grin and walk back toward he car . brendan I love my coach ! ext . brendan and tess's home - morning Brendan pull a garbage bin down to the curb as tess walk out of the house talk on a cordless phone . tess ( into phone ) yeah , the girl be good . they be good . yeah , you should . you have be spend so much time with Brendan this day it 's like you be part of the family or something . yeah , he 's right here . ( hand phone to Brendan ) it 's you boyfriend . brendan ( into phone ) hey Frank . ( beat ) that 's unbelievable . I can not thank you enough . I do not know what to say . alright , listen , I have gotta call you back . alright , bye . Brendan hang up the phone . look at tess . 50 . brendan ( cont 'd ) I be in . I be go . a look of serious concern cross tess 's face . she put she hand on she hip . tess really ? so that 's you decision ? you decide ? ` Cause I really enjoy that conversation we just have about make that decision together . Brendan do not say anything . know she 's right . and that he 's about to get laid into . tess ( cont 'd ) you tell I you be gonna fight guy that watch too much ufc . I see that koba dude on tv , and he 's the guy they be watch . brendan it 's a lot of money , tess . tess I do not give a shit about the money , Brendan . I tell you that . we be gonna end up cash in you life insurance policy before we pick up that prize money . brendan you do not think I can do it . tess I think you can get kill . brendan I be not gonna get kill . tess Fine , you be not go to get kill . but can you promise I you be not go to get hurt ? you be not gonna end up in the hospital ? you be not gonna end up paralyze ? we will have no prize money . no house . payment for hospital bill -- 51 . brendan tess , I can promise you this : if I do not try , they be gonna take the house . how 's that for a promise ? no response from tess , who have tear in she eye . brendan ( cont 'd ) so , I be gonna go , ok ? but I would really love it if you would be with I on this . tess look at she husband . want to support he , but can not . tess I be not gonna watch you fight again . I be not . ( beat ) I be gonna get the girl breakfast . tess start walk back toward the house . she march up the lawn without turn back , leave Brendan , alone , in front of he house . he look at the toy strewn across the yard . survey the neighborhood . he 's go to sparta . callen ( v.o. ) fourth of July weekend do not officially start until tomorrow ... ext . atlantic CITY - day sunlight pour down on the crowded beach , hotel , and boardwalk of ac . thousands of people jam the outside of the majestic boardwalk Hall . it seem as if everyone on earth be in town . callen ( v.o. ) ... but fight fan be already descend on Atlantic City for the Super bowl of mix martial Arts , sparta . billboard herald the arrival of the sparta tournament be everywhere . ceremonial fourth of July banner hang , car jam Ocean Avenue , early firework pop . the buzz be electric . the great show on earth have hit the shore . 52 . ext . boardwalk hall arena - same limousine pull up in front of the boardwalk Hall rotunda as " mad Dog " grime , Orlando " Midnight " Le , Karl " the dane " kruller , and other fighter make they way down a long red carpet swarm with fan . in the middle of it all be j.j. riley , greeting press and guest and run the show as the tapout crew , colt boyd , and other mill about and talk shop . announcer bryan callen ( 40s ) and SAM sheridan ( 30 ) corral j.j. for a interview . callen j.j. , you have make a fortune with you hedge fund , yet you turn you back on Wall Street and dedicated you life to make sparta happen . tell we , why be this tournament so important to you ? j.j. riley grow up , we all want to know who the toughest kid in the neighborhood be , right ? I wanna know who the toughest man on the planet be . that 's why I put this together , that 's what all this people be here to see , and come Saturday night , that 's what we be gonna find out . sheridan thank you , j.j . and here 's something fan never think they would see : koba be here ! the legend arrive to fight on U.S. soil for the very first time ... the great and mighty koba emerge from a white stretch limo , trail by he entourage of tough - look russian . flashbulb pop . reporter swarm . it look like a movie premiere out there and koba 's the star . int . boardwalk hall lobby - same as worker set up for the press conference and camera crew stake out they territory , Tommy and paddy hug the corner of the room and wait . not in they element at all . moment later , Brendan come walk through the door . as he move through the crowded room , Brendan and Tommy make eye contact . 53. they have not see each other in 14 year , and judge by the look on they face they certainly do not expect to see each other today . paddy be just as shocked . Brendan begin to inch toward Tommy , but be intercept by Frank , who be catch up in the media storm outside . frank hey . where would you go ? you can not leave I like that . they wanna talk to you , not I . Brendan look past Frank . Tommy have rise and head toward the exit , trail by paddy , who call after he . ext . resort HOTEL and casino - twilight the sun descend over the boardwalk and hotel of Atlantic City , and sink into the sea . int . HOTEL room - same paddy sit on a couch thumbing through a sparta program and look proudly at a picture of Brendan . he listen to " moby Dick " on he headphone as a tv play in the foreground . on tv screen : local new jersey news anchor michelle mooney speak over image of the red carpet event and PRESS conference . michelle mooney ( on screen ) ... the only fighter miss from the event be dark horse entry Tommy riordan . on tv screen : a picture of tommy appear on the screen next to a picture of lance corporal MARK bradford . paddy notice the picture of Tommy . put down the program and take he headphone off . michelle mooney ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) Recent revelation that riordan be not only a United States Marine but a hero in the Iraq War , have cast a even brighter spotlight on a fighter who seem to have come out of nowhere . ( more ) 54 . michelle mooney ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) lance corporal Mark Bradford 's web testimony to riordan , who save he life earlier this year in Iraq , be spread like wildfire throughout the media . paddy stare at the screen intently . paddy Tommy ! on tv screen : MARK bradford peer into a hand -held camera in iraq and speak . he fight back tear . bradford ( on screen ) ... the bridge just crumble . the amtrack be upside down . Water be come in from everywhere . the water pressure be too much . we could not get the back hatch open . on tv screen : bradford have to compose himself . bradford ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) we be all drown , man . it be a death trap . Tommy walk into the room from the door of a adjoin suite and stare at the tv . bradford ( on screen ) ( cont 'd ) I could not have have more than another minute . suddenly the back ramp get rip off , and there he be . before I could get out and thank he , he be go . he just vanish like a ghost . paddy be dumbfounded and look at Tommy , who glance at he and back at the tv before head toward the door . tommy I be takin ' a walk . on tv screen : the camera push in on bradford face . he speak directly to tommy . bradford ( on screen ) you save my life , brother . anybody see this at sparta , anybody out in Pittsburgh , reach out to Tommy riordan . tell he Mark say thank you . 55 . on screen : back to the news studio , and the photo of tommy . michelle mooney ( on screen ) footage take from a helmet camera on the ground capture the heroic incident ... on screen : the grainy footage see earlier in the marine barracks of tommy and the submerge tank . then the phone ring . paddy grab it . paddy ( into phone ) hello ? ( beat ) Brendan . ext . beach - night Brendan walk on the beach as the wave of the Atlantic Ocean lap at the shoreline . boat bob on the water . stray bottle rocket trace through the night sky . in the distance , the neon light of a amusement park flash and zip . behind Brendan , the big casinos loom , advertisement for sparta fill they billboard . Brendan continue walk , then spot Tommy come toward he . the brother make eye contact . stop . then approach each other warily . brendan be look all over for you . how 's it go ? tommy it 's go . brendan I be think maybe we could grab a coffee . tommy I do not drink coffee . whattya want ? brendan you do not want to go sit down somewhere ? tommy I be good right here . 56 . Brendan look at Tommy . see how rigid he be . a long silence . finally Brendan cut right to it . brendan shit , Tommy . how be I suppose to know I be never gonna see you guy again ? tommy you be brief . you have the information . you choose the old man and the girl . brendan she be not some girl . I marry she . she 's my wife . Brendan reach into he pocket and remove a recent Christmas photo of tess , Emily , and rosie from he wallet . brendan ( cont 'd ) ( hand Tommy the picture ) that 's tess . and that 's Emily and rosie . they be you niece , Tommy . Tommy glance at the photo impasssively and hand it back . tommy do not know `em . brendan I know you do not know they . of course you do not know they . tommy why be I look at picture of people I do not know ? brendan because that 's my family . tommy and who be you exactly ? brendan I be you brother , man . tommy you be in the Corps ? brendan what ? 57 . tommy I say I do not know you be in the Corps . brendan I be not in the Corps . tommy then you be not no brother to I . my brother be in the Corps . with that , Tommy walk briskly away from Brendan and up the beach . his brother run after he . brendan Jesus , Tommy . I be a 16 year old kid . what the hell do I know ? tommy I do not know what you know . why do not you go ask you girlfriend about it ? brendan she 's my wife , Tommy . so that 's it ? I stay with tess and I never get to see you guy again ? not a single phone call ? nothing ? no response from Tommy . he 's a wall . brendan ( cont 'd ) God , man , I do not understand this . you will not forgive I , but you ' will forgive pop ? tommy shit . he 's just some old vet I train with . he mean nothing to I . from what I hear he mean nothing to you , either , so you get ball talk about forgiveness . brendan that 's get nothing to do with forgiveness . I have get a family to protect . everything I do be for they . Tommy smirk . walk away again . brendan ( cont 'd ) but I forgive pop. just like I forgive you and Mom . 58 . tommy ( turning around ) you forgive we ? brendan yeah . tommy I be not surprised you make the tournament , Brendan . you get some stone . brendan I fall in love , Tommy . what the hell be I suppose to do ? tommy you be suppose to stick to the plan . you be suppose to come with we . Mom need you . I need you . you be my big brother and you bail on I . the word hit Brendan hard . tommy ( cont 'd ) hey , I be glad you stay and everything work out for you , Brendan . see , you leave , you get the opposite . you leave , you get to bury people . brendan you be not the only one who suffer , Tommy . I do not even know she be sick . I never even get the chance to say goodbye to my own mother . you have no right to keep that from I ! that be not you decision to make ! tommy you know what ? you walk around with you picture in you wallet and you be all , I forgive you , I forgive pop . I forgive everyone . but you know what ? you be full of shit . Tommy and Brendan be right in each other 's face . stand on the knife 's edge of violence . they hold the stare down for a few long second , like two fighter about to go to war . 59 . tommy ( cont 'd ) be we do , Brendan ? be we finish ? Tommy and Brendan look at each other with burn intensity . too much baggage and both too much and nothing leave to say . finally , Tommy turn and walk on down the beach . ext . central high , philadelphia - day sunny day . and a nearly abandon school parking lot . int . outer office - day nash , tito , and kc wait outside the principal 's office . it 's quiet and aside from one secretary , there 's no one around . after a moment , stephon come walk in , and they all stand up and head into the principal 's office . int . principal zito's office - continuous the kid walk in . Zito look up and shake he head . joe zito you realize you be suppose to seek my wise counsel when school 's actually in session , right ? all four of they laugh nervously . work they way up to something . stephon we want to use the auditorium this weekend to watch Mr. C in sparta . tito what do you say ? joe zito let I get this straight . you want to use the auditorium to watch a suspend teacher engage in the activity he be suspend for ? be I hearing this correctly ? ( beat ) I gotta talk to you parent . you guy might need to be in summer school after all . nash but everyone want to see it . 60 . kc the gym 's the only place that 's big enough . joe zito it 's never gonna happen . stephon what if we get a petition ? tito yeah . we will get the whole school to sign it . nash the power of democracy ! joe zito look , I appreciate that you guy love you teacher . I really do . but there be nothing I can do for you . Zito turn and head back to he desk . the kid , deject , leave the office and walk off down the hallway . ext . boardwalk hall - night the goodyear blimp , " sparta be here " blink on it , float over Atlantic City . firework explode majestically above boardwalk Hall and fall into the sea , where hundred of boat bob , television tune to sparta visible from many of they . thousand of people cram the beach and boardwalk , crane they neck toward the sky , and watch the stun pyrotechnics . in the street , limo line up on Ocean Avenue . even from a distance , the excitement and energy be palpable . callen ( v.o. ) the roof be about to blow clean off boardwalk Hall Arena ! it might be fourth of July weekend , but this be Christmas Eve for fight fan ! this be Atlantic City ! this be the War on the shore ! and this be what everyone have be wait for ! enormous electronic billboard flash outside of the giant seaside casinos . on one , koba hang off the side of a ferris wheel and swat at smaller fighter buzzing around he in a replication of the iconic " King Kong " movie scene . 61 . callen ( v.o. ) sixteen of the baddest man on the planet duking it out over a 24 - hour period for the large purse in mix martial Arts history . in the town everyone know from the game of Monopoly , we have get ourselves a winner - take - all affair . buckle you seatbelt , roll the dice , and take riiiiide on the reading . sparta . is. here ! int . boardwalk hall arena - same play by play announcer Sam sheridan and color analyst bryan callen stand cageside . the arena be pack to capacity and buzzing with anticipation . callen welcome , I be bryan callen along with best -sell fight author Sam sheridan . Sam , when j.j. riley conceive sparta he want to create , quite simply , the biggest mix martial Arts spectacle in history . sheridan five million dollar , bryan . five million dollar . j.j. riley put he money where he mouth be and put up the biggest purse this sport have ever see . callen it 's unprecedented , Sam . as be the hoopla surround Tommy riordan , the war hero who have become a overnight sensation ... int . tommy' locker room - same Tommy lay on the ground near the shower , collect he thought . as paddy watch a tv monitor show callen and sheridan , a official poke he head into the locker room . official five minute , paddy . 62 . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - later fenroy and a group of fighter gather around a tv in the gym . a very fire up group . sheridan ( v.o . ) it look as though the moment of truth have arrive , because here come Tommy riordan . on tv screen : a furious tommy make he way through the crush of insane spectator , paddy ducking along at he side . light ricochet chaotically around the arena . int . boardwalk hall arena - same as Tommy make he way toward the cage and the strobe light sweep over nearly 15,000 scream fan , not one of they sit . callen ( v.o. ) Tommy riordan 's capture the media 's attention , but the question still remain : who be this guy ? and more importantly , can he compete in this talent pool ? can he win ? sheridan ( v.o. ) I wish I know , bryan . I wish I know who he be , and I have gotta say the fact that I do not know be strange . in a internet age where there be no secret , this guy be a complete mystery . I can not find out anything about he . Tommy riordan be officially Google proof . Tommy continue to storm toward the cage with a furious and focus look on he face . he seem to want nothing to do with paddy . train be over . it 's time to fight . callen ( v.o. ) you gotta love this guy , Sam . no walk out music , no sponsor , no interview . he skip out on the press conference . would not have he picture take for the program . he 's break every rule ! 63. sheridan ( v.o. ) the only reason that Tommy be even in this tournament be because of a video show he beat up mad Dog grime in the gym . callen ( v.o. ) but the reason a lot of he fan be in the stand be because of another video , which be even more stun than the mad Dog grime video . let I describe it for you folk for the few who have not see it , and I do not know anyone who have not , but Tommy riordan rip the door off a tank in the heat of battle , save life in the process , and then walk away without claim a medal . he rip the door off a tank ! sheridan ( v.o. ) Tommy riordan be a genuine war hero , I be not take anything away from the guy . he 's a very , very tough guy , bryan , but the tank do not hit back . we have see YouTube sensation fail on the big stage before . Tommy stand outside the cage and have vaseline apply to he face . he look like he 's ready to murder someone . callen Sam . he rip the door off a tank ! int . locker room - moment later Frank hold mitt for Brendan as a tv play . callen ( v.o. ) Tommy riordan definitely have he hand full in he first opponent , Francisco barbosa . barbosa be nothing to scoff at . sheridan ( v.o. ) yeah , he 's the real deal . very tough guy . very high caliber fighter . Tommy riordan come out of nowhere , and I imagine he 's go to disappear just as quickly . ( more ) 64 . sheridan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) great story , but I think you boy be about to be expose as a YouTube sensation . on tv screen : referee josh rosenthal ( 30 ) give instruction to tommy and he opponent , francisco barbosa ( 20 ) . the muscular brazilian doesn't have a trace of fear on he face . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Tommy and barbosa face to face as josh rosenthal instruct . josh rosenthal gentlemen , you have be give you instruction . I expect a clean fight . obey my command at all time . defend yourselves at all time . touch glove , go back , let 's do this . in the crowd , two section of marine in full dress uniform wave flag and raise about as much hell as humanly possible for Tommy , who return to he corner . paddy attempt to give he some advice , but Tommy be not listen . callen ( v.o. ) we be about to get the big answer to the big question : be Tommy riordan for real ? and here we go ! the bell ring . ding ! and Tommy come out fast and hard . sheridan ( v.o. ) barbosa 's gonna be look for a take down . callen ( v.o. ) definitely gonna be look for a take down . there will not be a take down . Tommy duck a blow , then level barbosa with a massive and brutal left hook . the brazilian 's head snap sideways , he mouthpiece go fly , and he do a face plant on to the canvas . it 's over . callen ( v.o. ) barbosa be down ! barbosa have be knock out ! Tommy riordan be most definitely for real ! as the crowd erupt and josh rosenthal wave to barbosa 's corner to get a medic in there , Tommy march out of the cage without wait for a official announcement . 65 . callen ( v.o. ) and now he 's walk out of the cage ! he 's leave the cage ! there go another rule out the window ! int . colt pittsburgh fight club - same fenroy and the boy fire up . they can not believe the ferocious knockout they have just witness . sheridan ( v.o. ) Francisco barbosa be out cold , and he be out of this tournament , bryan . int . brendan' locker room - same the official poke he head into the locker room where Frank and a nervous Brendan sit alone . official show time . on the tv monitor , Tommy 's annihilate knockout of Francisco barbosa play . then , in the distance , the strain of classical music can be hear . Brendan look at Frank , who smile and put he hand on Brendan 's shoulder . frank you can do this . he grab the nervous Brendan 's head between he hand . frank ( cont 'd ) I want to hear you say it . brendan I can do this . frank then let 's go do this . int . boardwalk hall arena hallway - moment later buz in the crowd . another fight close at hand . sheridan ( v.o. ) j.j. riley have less than 48 hour to fill Marco Santos ' spot , and he basically have to rely on the word of Frank campana . 66 . callen ( v.o. ) and he choose Brendan conlon , which quite frankly be something I just do not understand . Brendan and Frank walk down the tunnel toward the arena , where paddy be wait , he all access pass around he neck . Brendan notice the old man as he approach . paddy go get `em , son . Brendan barely acknowledge paddy and keep walk . Frank look at Brendan with a " who the hell be that ? " expression . as they approach the dark light of the arena , Beethoven continue to boom out over the loud speaker . callen ( v.o. ) I can understand come out to no music , by why in the world would you choose classical music for you entrance ? sheridan ( v.o. ) this be Beethoven , bryan . this be ode to Joy . callen ( v.o. ) my apology , Mr. Renaissance man . sheridan ( v.o. ) you want to talk about renaissance man , you gotta talk about Frank campana . very unorthodox trainer , and one of the best in the game . he 's well know for use classical music to train he fighter to remain calm , to remain patient , and to remain compose under pressure . Brendan and Frank make they way through the crowd and toward cageside , where bryan callen reach beneath he seat . callen classical music be about as fitting to this set as Brendan conlon be to this tournament . in fact , let I show you something . callen hold up a plastic bag with water and a goldfish inside . 67 . callen ( cont 'd ) this be Brendan conlon . he 's a feeder fish , and he 's about to get drop into a shark tank . Brendan get grease up , then climb into the cage . sheridan c'mon , give the guy a break . at least we have see he fight before . he be in the ufc . we remember he . callen I remember he , too . I remember he be very unmemorable . int . brendan and tess's home - live room - same a nervous tess sit at the table , fail to concentrate on fold laundry . the tv in front of she be off , but she glance at it anyway . in front of she sit a cell phone . she glance at it repeatedly . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - moment later Brendan stand in the corner as he opponent , orlando " midnight " le climb in , shoulder bulg and abs shred . sheridan ( v.o. ) Midnight Le get ready to climb into the cage and go to work . callen ( v.o. ) when the bracket be announce , Midnight think he would be go up against Marco Santos . he 's gotta be thrilled to be see Brendan conlon stand across from he . Brendan stand in the corner and look at the massive Midnight le. Frank smile at he . frank you ask for it . Brendan grin and look out at the rabid crowd . 68 . sheridan ( v.o. ) Brendan retire from fight some year ago , he 's actually a high school physics teacher now , and Midnight have some fun with that at the press conference . callen ( v.o. ) he say he be gonna give the teacher a serious lesson , and that get kill be no way to spend a summer vacation . josh rosenthal wave the two fighter into the center of the cage for instruction . josh rosenthal alright , gentleman , you have be give you instruction , I expect a clean fight . obey my command at all time . defend yourselves at all time . touch glove , go back , let 's do this . the fighter head to they corner and wait for the bell . frank have some fun , baby . at the sound of the bell , " Midnight " Le come out hard and strong . he repeatedly kick Brendan in the leg and batter he with strike . his power be overwhelming Brendan . int . tommy' locker room - same paddy stare at the tv monitor . on tv screen : midnight pick up brendan and body slam he . Tommy lay on the rubdown table , he eye close . no interest in Brendan 's fight . int . principal zito's live room - same Joe Zito sit on a couch in he suburban home and watch Brendan on tv . he 's a nervous wreck . zito move ! you gotta move ! 69 . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - later Frank exhort Brendan from cageside , tell he to relax , but it 's no use . it 's a unholy beat go in the cage . int . principal zito's live room - same Zito drink a glass of scotch . on tv screen : midnight pounding on brendan . sheridan ( v.o. ) Midnight be all over Brendan . callen ( v.o. ) this can not last much longer . this will not last much longer . the teacher just have no answer . Zito lean forward . he look as if he 's go to have a heart attack . zito c'mon , Brendan , get outta there ! int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Midnight Le take Brendan to the ground . Brendan try to escape , but turn he back , allow Midnight to sink in a rear naked choke . he put the strangle hold on Brendan and squeeze he neck with he enormous biceps . frank get out of there ! get out of there ! Brendan try to pry Midnight 's hand off he . no use . callen ( v.o. ) and now he 's get the hook in . 20 second leave . sheridan ( v.o. ) the end be near . can he make it to the end of the round be the question . Midnight squeeze for all it 's worth as Frank scream at Brendan , implore he not to tap . 70 . callen ( v.o. ) 10 second leave , and Brendan 's face be turn purple . conlon 's whole world be about to go from day to night . Brendan be on the verge of go unconscious , but he refuse to tap out . then the horn blow end the round . the crowd can not believe Brendan hang in there , and neither can Midnight Le , who slam the canvas in frustration . as Midnight walk back toward he angry trainer , who expect he to finish Brendan early , the teacher head toward a smile Frank . frank beautiful ! beautiful ! he do not know what hit he ! Brendan grin at Frank 's positive spin on thing , then look across the cage at Midnight Le , who glare at Brendan . int . principal zito's live room - later the frazzle Zito continue to root for Brendan . on tv screen : more of the same . midnight all over brendan . int . tommy' locker room - same a excited paddy watch Brendan on the monitor . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Midnight continue pound on Brendan , but Brendan start give back , work a few leg kick of he own . he seem to be gain confidence . from cageside , Frank hollers word of encouragement as the battle continue . back and forth they go . Midnight rock Brendan with a right hand . Brendan recover and fire back . then Midnight shoot in for a take down , but Brendan dodge he , reverse position , and suddenly take a shocked Midnight down to the ground . the crowd be on its collective foot . sheridan ( v.o. ) he 's get a kimura lock in . callen ( v.o. ) be you kid I ? 71 . Brendan lock up Midnight 's shoulder . apply pressure . the bigger fighter struggle to get free , but he seem to be trap . from cageside , Frank scream , instruct Brendan on how to finish the move . callen ( v.o. ) Midnight be in big trouble ! sheridan ( v.o. ) I do not think he 's get anywhere to go ! callen ( v.o. ) this be not happen ! this can not happen ! Midnight tap and the crowd explode . shock and mayhem throughout the arena . sheridan it just do , bryan . callen ( v.o. ) Brendan conlon tapped Midnight ! I can not believe it ! int . principal zito's live room - same principal Zito leap off he couch , scream in celebration . zito's wife ( 40s ) , drying dish , poke she head in the room as the principal pump he fist over and over . zito he tapped he out ! he tapped he out ! he do it ! he do it ! he do it ! on tv screen : brendan and frank embracing . chaos in the ring and midnight on the ground in utter disbelief . sheridan ( v.o. ) this be what make mix martial Arts so great . there 's so many way to lose . one tiny miscalculation at any time and that 's it . callen ( v.o. ) Frank campana embrace he man , Brendan conlon . I do not think either one of they can believe what just happen . 72 . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Frank and Brendan embrace . the arena be buz . Midnight get off the canvas , and Brendan approach he and bow . the deject Midnight bow in return . sheridan ( v.o. ) great show of sportsmanship from the teacher . callen ( v.o. ) that 's a hallmark of Frank campana 's philosophy right there . sheridan ( v.o. ) Midnight Le be shocked . he think he have a free pass into the second round , but instead he 's go home . he dominate the fight the entire way , but fall prey to a very technical finish . callen very technical finish , but come on , that 's a fluke . a jubilant Brendan raise he arm in victory . the crowd respond to the gutsy underdog . sheridan ( v.o. ) you call it a fluke . I call it a guy maintain composure and wait for he opportunity . callen ( v.o. ) conlon beat Midnight ! as the celebration continue , callen look at sheridan and shake he head . be he ever wrong . sheridan I hope you get a receipt for you goldfish . int . brendan and tess's home - live room - later tess sit on the couch , tv still off . her phone beeps . she grab it quickly . a text read : " I won !!!!!!!! " tess yes ! she start dance around the room , kissing she phone . 73. int . tommy' locker room - later Tommy and paddy sit and watch the monitor . on tv screen : the crowd in a frenzy as koba climb into the cage . callen ( v.o. ) we be down to eight fighter , soon to be seven as koba prepare to go to work for the second time tonight . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - moment later at the sound of the bell , koba sprint across the ring and deliver a fly kick to the chest of he already retreate opponent . he pick he up with incredible strength , then slam he into the ground and pound he brain in . the whole thing be over in under 10 second . callen ( v.o. ) that be quick . sheridan ( v.o. ) wow . once again , koba do not break a sweat . callen ( v.o. ) I be afraid he might have break something else , Sam . sheridan ( v.o. ) it 's certainly possible , bryan . koba move on to tomorrow night . int . brendan' locker room - same Brendan and Frank stare at a monitor . they look worried . on tv screen : koba 's opponent getting attended to after the beat by the mighty russian . int . tommy' locker room - later Tommy and paddy sit on stool opposite each other , paddy taping he up . Tommy keep a lazy eye on a monitor , where mad Dog grime be fight . on tv screen : mad dog grime , he mohawk dyed platinum , knock out he opponent in brutal fashion . 74 . callen ( v.o. ) mad Dog fight like a man possess . like a man with something to prove . on tv screen : mad dog make a throat slit gesture directly into the camera . sheridan ( v.o. ) mad Dog say he have a message for Tommy riordan and there it be right there . int . boardwalk hall arena tunnel - later Brendan and Frank stand in the tunnel as the house light go down in the arena . sheridan ( v.o. ) here come the underdog , Brendan conlon . callen ( v.o. ) the teacher miraculously pass he first test , but now he 's gotta face the dane . paddy stand amidst the crowd in the tunnel and give Brendan a thumbs-up . paddy you can do it , Brendan . Brendan glare at he and march toward the cage . int . brendan and tess's home - live room - later tess , now watch the fight on tv , stand in front of the screen and bite she nail . she look like she 's about to throw up . on tv screen : brendan take a beat from karl " the dane " kruller ( 30 ) , who pound on he without mercy . sheridan ( v.o. ) halfway through round three now and the beat continue . callen ( v.o. ) I honestly do not know how Brendan conlon be still stand , Sam . ( more ) 75 . callen ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) he have be absolutely batter in both he fight tonight . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same karl " the dane " kruller press Brendan against the fence and knee he repeatedly in the midsection . int . brendan and tess ' house - live room - same tess can barely watch the beat . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - moment later Frank shout instruction as Brendan and the dane tangle against the fence . frank take he down ! Brendan grab kruller and flip he to the canvas . then he spin for a arm bar , a move similar to one see earlier in the smoker fight . int . principal zito's live room - same Zito , now join by he wife . both on the edge of the couch and suck into the action . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Brendan twist kruller 's arm . he 's get he in a terrible position , much like Midnight . the dane squirm . look for a escape . it 's not there . with Brendan apply tremendous pressure to he arm , he tap . int . boardwalk hall arena tunnel - same paddy watch from the tunnel as the crowd go insane . paddy that 's it , Brendan ! int . brendan and tess's home - live room - same tess do a wild jig in front of the tv . 76 . on tv screen : brendan celebrate in the cage with frank . int . principal zito's live room - same Zito and he wife , arm in arm in celebration . callen ( v.o. ) do it one time , it 's a fluke , do it twice , that 's something else ! int . boardwalk hall arena - same Frank and a victorious Brendan embrace . callen ( v.o. ) pull the bandwagon over , I think I be hopping on ! I think I be a believer ! int . boardwalk hall arena tunnel - later paddy 's wait in the tunnel for Brendan , who come through full of adrenaline . paddy Way to go , Brendan ! brendan I would do this ! paddy ok , son . brendan I be do it ! int . colt pittsburgh fight club - later fenroy and the gang around the big screen again . on tv screen : tommy wading furiously through the crowd , where a " tommy " chant have begun . callen ( v.o. ) the crowd catch fire for war hero Tommy riordan . 77 . sheridan ( v.o. ) he do not seem to want anything to do with all this adulation , bryan . he 's just here to fight . int . boardwalk hall cage - moment later Tommy climb into the cage . a mexican fighter , diego santana ( 20 ) , be wait for he . josh rosenthal point at both man . josh rosenthal gentlemen , you ready ? you ready ? let 's go to war ! the bell ring and Tommy go right after santana and start administer a beat . he bully he into the cage and start raining blows all over he . callen ( v.o. ) here he come again like a buzzsaw . Tommy be all over Diego santana ! int . colt pittsburgh fight club - same the crowd raise cain for Tommy . on screen : hurricane tommy pound away , then slam santana to the ground and beat he to a pulp . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same josh rosenthal pull Tommy off the brutalize Diego santana before he kill he . once again , Tommy march straight out of the cage . callen ( v.o. ) there he go again ! storm right out of the cage ! Tommy march past paddy again , then off through the crowd . callen ( v.o. ) Tommy riordan march through the crowd , and straight into the final four ! the arena be on its collective foot chanting " Tommy ! Tommy ! Tommy ! " as paddy look on and Tommy disappear into the darkness of the tunnel , the sound of cheer fade . 78 . ext . boardwalk - dawn Dawn break over Atlantic City . int . casino floor - same a cleaning woman vacuum as a elevator door ding and open . out come paddy . the casino be nearly empty , the only sound come from the tinny ringing of a handful of slot machine . from a distance , paddy spot Tommy sit at the far end of a bank of triple 7 american glory slot machine , mechanically feed the slot from a tray full of silver and pull the lever with a thousand - yard stare . paddy approach Tommy , who do not acknowledge he . paddy can not sleep , huh ? Tommy feed the machine and pull . say nothing . paddy sit down in front of a slot machine next to Tommy . paddy ( cont 'd ) I know that other thing 's bother the hell out of you , but I be proud of you . what you do for that kid in the tank ? that be really something . tommy how about desert my unit ? be that really something , too ? yeah . I be on my way outta country when I come across that guy . what be I suppose to do , let `em drow ? paddy no . ( beat ) what would you do ? tommy what would I do ? I take off . paddy start put thing together . paddy that 's why you go by riordan . that 's why the press can not find you service record . Tommy do not respond . 79 . paddy ( cont 'd ) what the hell happen over there , Tommy ? tommy that be none of you business . paddy come on , kiddo . I have be there . I have do it . I have see it . you can trust I . I will understand . tommy spare I the compassionate father routine , pop . the suit do not fit . paddy I be really try here , Tommy . tommy you be try ? now ? where be you when it matter ? I need this guy back when I be a kid . I do not need you now . it 's too late now . everything 's already happen . you and Brendan do not seem to understand that . let I explain something to you : the only thing I have in common with Brendan conlon be that we have absolutely no use for you . paddy 's shake . he can not fathom the anger in Tommy , yet he know he 's responsible . it 's write all over he . tear well up in he eye . they seem to make Tommy madder . tommy ( cont 'd ) look at you . yeah , I be right . I think I like you better when you be a drunk . at least you have some ball then . not like now . tip toe around like some beggar with you cup out . take it somewhere else , old man . Tommy reach down and pick up a plastic cup make for hold coin and dip it into he tray , fill it with quarter . tommy ( cont 'd ) in fact , you know what ? here 's a cup . why do not you take this and go buy some more of you shitty tape ? ( more ) 80 . tommy ( cont 'd ) go back to the room and listen to some more fish storey no one give a shit about . go on , get outta here . ( beat ) get the fuck outta here ! Tommy whip the bucket toward he father , splash coin into he face . a stunne paddy , tear stream down he face , walk off . a handful of late- night gambler look at Tommy , who stare angrily ahead and bounce a quarter off he slot machine as he destroy father limp away . ext . atlantic CITY - day fourth of July weekend in full swing down the shore . int . HOTEL room - same paddy stagger about in pajama bottom and a stain V - neck , clutching he walkman and a bottle of whiskey . " moby Dick " play from ear phone that be half on he head and half off . liquor bottle be strewn everywhere . he have obviously fall off the wagon . hard . paddy God pity `em ! all shall perish except I ! you bastard ! stop the ship , you bastard ! he stagger around the room , give a fragment soliloquy to no audience . paddy ( cont 'd ) ishmael ! God pity `em ! stop the ship ! please stop the ship ! somebody help `em ! suddenly the adjoin door swing open . Tommy , hair dishevel , look in and see paddy 's state . the old man thrust he hand up in the air and scream at Tommy . paddy ( cont 'd ) ahab ! you godless sonofabitch ! paddy stagger over and get in Tommy 's face , he own face blotched and contort . the old paddy conlon reveal . the monster from the past . paddy ( cont 'd ) you stop the ship , you godless sonofabitch ! 81 . there 's no anger in Tommy . he simply walk toward the old man and try to pry the bottle out of he hand . as he struggle to take it , the walkman fall to the ground . faint dialogue be hear come from the earphone . paddy ( cont 'd ) Captain . oh captain . stop the ship . for the love of God . we be lose . the old man be run out of steam . he begin weeping . paddy ( cont 'd ) please stop the ship . paddy wobble , tear stream down he face . Tommy look at he . the first time we have see anything resembling compassion on that relentless face of he . he hug he father and pries the whiskey bottle from he hand paddy ( cont 'd ) we be lose . we be all lose , Tommy . we will never make it back . Tommy pull he father back on to the bed . put he arm around he chest and try to quiet the old man . it 's a tender moment , and it seem as if Tommy be only able to relate to the brutal , former version of the father he know . paddy ( cont 'd ) ( mumbling ) I always love you . you know that , do not you Tommy ? I always love you . you and you brother . my two boy . Tommy continue to hold he father as sunlight stream into the room . the end of a very long night . ext . boardwalk hall - night a bigger , even more bombastic firework display than before explode over Atlantic City . if it 's possible , the crowd on the beach and boardwalk have swell . it seem as if the entire east coast have descend on ac . outside boardwalk Hall , the giant electronic billboard have a new motif . koba still swing mightily from the side of a ferris wheel , but now Tommy , in a camouflage superhero outfit , fly right toward he . on a collision course . mad Dog grime hold on to Tommy 's cape , try to slow he down , and below the three of they , in miniature , be Brendan hold a sling shot . 82. int . boardwalk hall arena - same the crowd at a fever pitch . two section full of marine in dress uniform cheer insanely . so do a entire section of girl wear camouflage tank top and hold up sign read " tommy girl . " everyone in the arena chant " Tommy ! Tommy ! Tommy ! " a cult hero have be bear . callen ( v.o. ) Tommy riordan , come down the tunnel without he trainer . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - same colt 's be pack . fighter . people off the street . vets in fatigue . a bigger crowd than before . sheridan ( v.o. ) once again , no walk out music . callen ( v.o. ) I would not say no walk out music , sam. listen to this . on tv screen : tommy marching toward the cage and be serenade by the marine . int . boardwalk hall arena - same the Marines be on they foot , sing " hall of montezuma " at the top of they lung . marine ( singing ) from the hall of montezuma to the shore of tripoli , we will fight we country 's battle in the air , on land , and sea ... at cageside , sheridan lean over to callen , raise he voice to be hear above the Marines . sheridan it sound like vj Day in Times Square , bryan . I have never see anything like it ! Tommy climb up the stair and into the cage . he turn and nod at the Marines . 83. callen ( v.o. ) Tommy acknowledge he comrade for the first time , and climb into the cage . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - later the crowd at the gym both cheer and jeer at the tv . on tv screen : mad dog grime , supremely confident , climb into the cage and get in tommy' face . he have dyed he mohawk camouflage color to mock tommy . callen ( v.o. ) mad Dog grime have be look for revenge ever since the day Tommy riordan walk into he gym in Pittsburgh and turn he life upside down . sheridan ( v.o. ) it 's be a very long , very miserable few month for mad Dog to say the least . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same mad Dog and Tommy in a stare down as josh rosenthal attempt to give they instruction . unless mad Dog 's mother be in the building , every single person in the boardwalk Hall be root for Tommy . callen ( v.o. ) mad Dog mock Tommy with a camouflage motif for he mohawk tonight and the Marines be really let mad Dog have it . the Marines hoot and holler at mad Dog as josh rosenthal go over he instruction with the two fighter . josh rosenthal alright gentleman , you have be give you instruction . I expect a clean fight . obey my command at all time . defend yourselves at all time . touch glove , go back , let 's do this . in the center of the cage , mad Dog be practically spitting in Tommy 's face . Tommy 's eyelid droop . he could not be less intimidate . 84 . mad dog it 's not gonna happen again . callen and sheridan look on as the two fighter retreat to they corner . the anticipation in the arena be incredible . callen ( v.o. ) mad Dog predict a early knockout . Said he be gonna knock Tommy out with one punch . sheridan ( v.o. ) let 's see what Tommy have to say about that . josh rosenthal look at Tommy and mad Dog . josh rosenthal gentlemen , you ready ? you ready ? let 's go to war ! callen ( v.o. ) and they be off ! Tommy go after mad Dog like it 's the last night on earth . what Tommy do to he at colt 's gym be a exercise in restraint compare to what 's happen in that cage . callen ( v.o. ) Tommy tackle he and he 's on top ! he 's raining blow ! sheridan ( v.o. ) someone have to stop this . mad Dog be on he back and be pound on . Tommy 's rage be shocking , even by he own brutal standard . from cageside , colt boyd scream at josh rosenthal . colt boyd stop it ! stop the fight ! it 's such a savage beat , so malicious , that rosenthal have to climb on Tommy 's back to get he off of mad Dog . if he mother be indeed in the crowd , she could not recognize he now . beaten to a absolute pulp . callen ( v.o. ) that 's the fastest knockout I think I have ever see . sheridan ( v.o. ) mad Dog grime have be poleax . he be not move . 85 . Tommy march out of the cage and past colt boyd , punkass , and skyskrape , who can not believe what they just witness . neither can anyone else at boardwalk Hall . in the cage , a medic tend to mad Dog . callen ( v.o. ) I will tell you what : you do that to someone on the street and they would lock you up and throw away the key ! break out the yellow tape , Sam . Tommy 's walk away from the cage like he 's leave a crime scene . ext . starlight drive -in , philadelphia - later " ode to joy " be hear come from distant speaker as rows of car line up at the entrance and pull into the lot . pull back to reveal a enormous , old drive - in movie theater pack with a raucous crowd . on the gigantic movie screen , Brendan make he way through the arena and into the cage . as he do , cheer erupt in the parking lot . stephon , nash , kc , tito , and some of the other student from Brendan 's class root he on . they come up with a pretty good plan B. as the kid get fire up for the fight , they be join by a familiar face that emerge from the crowd . Joe Zito . tito shake he hand . smack stephon . look who 's here . int . boardwalk hall arena - same Brendan climb into the cage to a major ovation from the crowd . they be completely on he side now . sheridan ( v.o. ) Brendan conlon come into this tournament as a 1000 to 1 underdog , and now here he be in the final four . the crowd 's show they appreciation . they be give he quite the reception . callen ( v.o. ) he 's get a huge reception . I mean , this guy shocked everybody last night . Brendan stand in the corner . Frank lean over the railing of the cage and smile at he . 86 . frank you have get a visitor . second row , 10 o'clock . buzz in the arena . the light about to go down for the entrance of koba . before they do , Brendan look up to see a familiar face at cageside . tess . he can not believe he eye . frank ( cont 'd ) you alright with that ? Brendan look at he wife . she smile broadly . mouth the word " I love you . " Brendan grin . kiss he glove and press it against the cage . as he do , the light go out inside the arena and ominous russian music blare . callen ( v.o. ) and here come the great Russian koba . sheridan ( v.o. ) koba be so intimidating . his reputation be larger than life . the crowd strain to get a look at the legend as he make he way toward the cage . Brendan watch . so do Frank . tess take a quick glance at koba , then look away . she can not bear it . frank I want you to look right at he when he come in here . do not take you eye off he . Brendan nod , then look at tess . drawing strength . Frank lean over the railing and tap fist with he fighter . frank ( cont 'd ) I be proud of you brother . this be you cage . finally , the creepy music subside , and the great Russian climb into the cage . he 's massive , and the crowd stare at he like a exotic animal . josh rosenthal call Brendan and koba to the center of the cage . the Russian look at Brendan with the cold , dispassionate eye of a killer . Brendan do he best to hold he gaze . josh rosenthal alright , gentleman , you have be give you instruction . I expect a clean fight . ( more ) 87 . josh rosenthal ( cont 'd ) obey my command at all time . defend yourselves at all time . touch glove , go back , let 's do this . Brendan retreat to he corner . take a deep breath . callen ( v.o. ) should I be nervous for Brendan ? ` Cause I be . I want to stop the fight before it even begin . josh rosenthal gentlemen , you ready ? you ready ? let 's go to war ! koba come straight at Brendan . his speed and strength be astonish . callen ( v.o. ) now the question be , how long can Brendan conlon stay alive ? franks scream at Brendan to keep he distance . tess watch through she finger . and koba keep come , snap Brendan 's head back with a jab and bludgeon he with a uppercut to the chin . the Russian be do whatever he want to Brendan . he slice he up with strike . bruise he leg with kick . Works he against the fence . power slam he . callen ( v.o. ) koba just pound on Brendan conlon ! he 's pound on he like a side of beef ! ext . starlight drive - in - same thousands of people stare at the drive - in screen and you can hear a pin drop . they be aghast . Zito can hardly look . kc bury she head in nash 's chest . on movie screen : the slaughter continue . how brendan be taking it be anyone's guess . int . boardwalk hall arena - same koba get Brendan in a bear hug , lift he off the ground , carry he into the center of the ring like a sack of laundry , and body slam he on he back . callen ( v.o. ) koba 's get he in the air . oh no ! 88. as Frank scream for Brendan to remain calm , a mortify tess watch . mercifully , the horn sound , and Brendan survive the round . he barely make it back to he corner . sheridan ( v.o. ) Frank campana have to think seriously about stop this . callen ( v.o. ) seriously , Sam . how much abuse can one man take ? the minute pass in no time . it 's time to go again . josh rosenthal let 's go to war ! koba come right after Brendan , and it 's soon more of the same . power slam . brutal strike . Brendan 's face be carve up and batter . he try to go for a take down , but koba snuff it , then lift Brendan off the mat again and carry he through the air . Frank scream , but there 's nothing he can do . Brendan be brutally slammed into the ground . sheridan ( v.o. ) uh oh , Brendan 's go for ride ! callen ( v.o. ) that one shook the entire building ! as Brendan writhes on the ground , koba grab he and sling he against the fence like it 's nothing . Brendan fly through the air and rattle against the cage . then koba climb on top of he and start whaling away . tess can not even watch it . once again , just as rosenthal be about to stop the fight , the horn sound . sheridan ( v.o. ) everyone have gotta be concerned about Brendan conlon 's bravery get he into trouble here . callen ( v.o. ) his bravery can get he kill , Sam . he 's get nothing more to prove . he 's already last two round against koba , which be more than anyone else can say . you wonder what 's keep this guy up . Brendan drag himself off the ground and limp to he stool . Frank enter the cage . his usual positive attitude be go . he come at Brendan with aggression instead . 89 . frank sit down . breathe . ( grab Brendan 's face ) look at I ! look at I ! why be we here , Brendan ? why be we here ? be we here to win this fight ? you tell I , `cause if we be not , I will throw in the towel right now . we will get tess and we will go home . you do not knock he out , you lose the fight . understand I ? you do not knock he out , you do not have a home . josh rosenthal clap he hand . Frank take he cue to leave , but not before give Brendan one last look . it 's now or never . Brendan look across the cage at koba . steel himself . josh rosenthal let 's go to war ! Brendan come out and meet koba in the center of the cage , but the Russian resume he supremacy . callen ( v.o. ) conlon somehow answer the bell for round three , but koba 's all over he again . koba rough the batter Brendan up some more , but then Brendan start respond . throw a couple effective leg kick . a decent punch or two . sheridan ( v.o. ) Brendan 's give back , bryan . there be sign of life in Brendan conlon . he 's start to mix it up ! ext . starlight drive - in - moment later the parking lot be quiet and tense . Zito and the kid stare at the movie screen . on movie screen : koba presses brendan up against the cage and tries to choke he out . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same the Russian squeezy away . 90 . callen ( v.o. ) koba 's get he catch in a iron vice , squeezing for all it 's worth and try to choke the teacher out . Frank scream at Brendan to stay calm . to wait for he moment . koba continue to squeeze . Brendan 's face turn more and more red . finally , he grab koba 's short , muster up all the strength he have leave , and toss the Russian on he back , freeing himself from the choke in the process . callen ( v.o. ) he just launch koba ! can you believe this ? conlon just shook off a guillotine ! Brendan jump on koba and attempt he own choke . callen ( v.o. ) conlon 's stay after he ! he 's squeezing he ! the table have turn , and the boy scout be squeezing the bear ! koba shake off Brendan 's submission attempt and stand . Brendan stand with he and they exchange a vicious round of blow . Brendan 's give as good as he 's get . sheridan ( v.o. ) conlon stand and trading with the Russian ! I have never see this ! callen ( v.o. ) this be a fight ! we have get ourselves a fight ! Brendan snap koba 's head back with a leave , but the Russian respond with a combination . Brendan stumble backwards , and koba grab he and try to take he down . Brendan throw a leave elbow that connect with koba 's temple . the Russian be momentarily stunned , long enough for Brendan to take he to the ground and wrap he arm around koba 's knee . callen ( v.o. ) conlon go for a knee bar ! he 's get it very deep ! sheridan ( v.o. ) he 's deep on that knee bar ! Brendan wrench he body for all it 's worth . Frank pound on the apron of the cage . 91 . frank crank it ! crank it ! the Russian try to squirm away , but he can not . his face be contort in pain . the cageside official indicate there 's only 10 second leave in the fight . callen ( v.o. ) Brendan conlon wrenching that knee for all it 's worth ! he 's put everything he have in it , and koba be scream in pain ! four. Three . koba struggle . grimace in agony . Brendan keep wrenching he knee . two . he can not take it . one. he tap ! callen ( v.o. ) he do it ! Brendan conlon have tapped koba ! I can not believe it ! he can not believe it ! Frank campana can not believe it ! this whole place can not believe it ! ext . starlight drive - in - same the drive - in crowd go absolutely berserk . tito leap into nash 's arm . stephon hug kc . Zito pump he fist in the air . callen ( v.o. ) that 's gotta be the biggest upset in MMA history ! Brendan conlon have tapped the great koba ! int . boardwalk hall arena - same tess stand on she seat , shriek . Brendan climb on top of the railing and lift he arm in the air , a look off shock on he face . the arena go bananas . callen ( v.o. ) Brendan conlon , the physics teacher ! Brendan conlon , the civilian ! he 's do the impossible ! he 's pull off a miracle ! this place be go crazy `cause we have just see a miracle ! pure bedlam in boardwalk Hall . Frank go wild . tess . the tapout crew . j.j. riley . just a extraordinary scene . finally , the noise fade away . 92 . announcer ( v.o. ) this be CNN break news ... int . boardwalk hall PRESS area - later j.j. riley , the tapout crew , and a few official stand over a computer screen on press row . they wear headphone and shocked expression . on computer screen : CNN anchorman don lemon deliver a report as " breaking news " flash on screen alongside a picture of tommy . don lemon ( on screen ) a surprising turn in the story of Iraq War hero Tommy riordan . CNN have learn that riordan 's true identity be that of Marine staff sergeant Thomas conlon , who go awol from he unit earlier this year follow the friendly fire death of he brother - in - arm , sergeant manny fernandez . fernandez ' wife , pilar fernandez , speak with I in a exclusive interview moment ago . riley and the other look at one another . they can not believe what they be hearing . on computer screen : a teary -eyed pilar inside her home in EL paso . behind her , the photo of tommy and manny in iraq . pilar ( on screen ) bomb start drop . they be come from U.S. plane . Tommy and manny be wave they flag to let they know they be Americans , but they do not stop . everyone die . everyone except Tommy . ( beat ) you know , my manny use to say Tommy be the brother he never have . int . hallway , boardwalk hall - same two marine mp stand guard outside Tommy 's locker room . 93. don lemon ( v.o. ) conlon , who be fight in the mix martial Arts mega tournament sparta , be expect to be take into custody by military police follow tonight 's winner take all finale in Atlantic City . int . tommy' locker room - same Tommy sit in he locker room . another mp stand behind he . don lemon ( v.o. ) if victorious , he have pledge he five million dollar purse to the widow of he fall comrade . int . boardwalk hall PRESS area - moment later j.j. riley sidle up between callen and sheridan and whisper in they ear . they be stunne by the news as well . ext . starlight drive - in - same tito and the kid sit on the hood of car eat hot dog and wait for the final fight . Joe Zito look up at the movie screen , where bryan callen make a announcement . on movie screen : a surprised callen . callen ( on screen ) we have just get some incredible news that I be have trouble put into context , but here it be : the two man fight for the championship tonight , for the five million dollar prize , for the middle weight championship of the world , be brother . stun expression from Zito , kc , nash , stephon , tito , and everyone at the drive - in . the wild night have take a unexpected turn . int . brendan' locker room - same Brendan , Frank , and tess sit in the locker room . on the monitor , callen and sheridan continue to discuss the situation . Brendan have ice pack on he shoulder and knee and he face be a mess after three brutal war in 24 hour . 94 . tess ( to brendan ) what be you gonna do ? brendan I be gonna fight he . int . tommy' locker room - same Tommy sit by himself in he locker room , the weight of the world pull he shoulder down . his black hoodie be over he head . he could not be more alone . ext . resort HOTEL and casino - same a sober up paddy run out of the hotel and climb into a wait taxi . int . boardwalk hall - moment later Brendan and Frank make the long walk down the tunnel and into the arena . unlike previous trip , there be no joy on they face . it 's a grim march to the cage . ext . starlight drive - in - same people stand on car . chair . each other 's shoulder . on movie screen : the batter brendan continue he walk , wading through a crowd that be as pumped as he be somber . tito , kc , nash , stephon , and the other student start chant " mis -ter C ! mis-ter c! mis-ter C ! " int . tommy' locker room - same Tommy rise and walk toward the door . int . boardwalk hall arena - continuous he march out the door and into the bowel of the arena , move past mp as he go . his march be as grim as Brendan 's . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Brendan and Frank embrace . 95 . frank one more time . Brendan climb into the cage as the house light dim . the crowd be go bonker . and they explode when Tommy appear at the end of the tunnel with he hoodie up and begin he march toward the cage . the Marines shower he with cheer and " hoo-ah . " the girl scream . the rest of the audience stamp they foot and chant he name . but he acknowledge no one , and the hard look on he face never waver . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - moment later fenroy and the crew on the edge of they seat , all stare at the big screen . on tv screen : tommy getting greased up and climbing into the cage . int . taxi - same a nervous paddy sit in the back of the cab as the driver navigate through holiday traffic . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same and here it be . the two brother face to face in the middle of the ring , stare each other down . Tommy with he usual control fire , Brendan intense , search he brother 's eye for some flicker of recognition . josh rosenthal gentlemen , this be the final . five round . I expect a clean fight . obey my command at all time . defend yourselves at all time . touch glove , go back , let 's do this . as rosenthal finish he instruction , Brendan peer into Tommy 's empty corner . brendan where 's pop ? Tommy turn without answer . all business . Brendan return to he corner . look at tess . so much emotion on she face . 96 . josh rosenthal gentlemen , be you ready ? be you ready ? let 's go to war ! Tommy come right after he brother . just like with he previous three opponent . a natural wreck machine . Frank scream at Brendan to stay calm , but Tommy be all over he , pounding on he with savage intensity . as bad as the other fight be for Brendan , this one be worse . ext . starlight drive - in - same the crowd be tense and subdued . it 's not go well . on movie screen : tommy keep tattooing brendan with head shot . beat he brother with malice . it's hard to watch . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - same fenroy and company thoroughly enjoy themselves . int . boardwalk hall arena - same Tommy continue to batter Brendan , then he swoops in , pick he up , and slam he big brother into the ground . then he do it again . and again . and again . Brendan , the wind knock out of he , be on he back , try to protect himself from Tommy , who mount he and start blast away with a blur of left and rights . the only thing that save Brendan be the horn . which Tommy ignore , blast he brother with a brutal cheap shot to the jaw well after the round have end . tess what be that ! frank c'mon , josh ! Brendan lay on the ground as josh rosenthal pull Tommy off he and admonish he for the cheap shot . Tommy stare at Brendan . you want more ? Frank run into the cage with the stool and Brendan limp over to he and sit down . Brendan stare at Tommy , who pace in he corner like a cage animal . frank ( cont 'd ) sit down . look at I . look at I , Brendan ! let it go ! breathe . ( more ) 97 . frank ( cont 'd ) Beethoven . he 's come hard , just like we plan . I want you to angle out , hit , and move . brendan angle out , hit , and move . frank good. breathe . relax . he 's not you brother , right ? he 's just a guy who 's in the way . josh rosenthal clap he hand . it 's time . Frank glare at he as he pick up the stool . frank ( cont 'd ) I be take a little more time for the cheap shot ! do you job , josh ! tess sit uncomfortably in she chair . her husband 's face be a mess . in front of she , callen and sheridan commiserate . j.j. , the tapout crew , and colt boyd look on . the electricity in the crowd be great than ever . they want a champion . ext . starlight drive - in - moment later very quiet at the drive - in . it 's tough for everyone to watch what 's happen to Brendan . on movie screen : round two . a repeat of round one . tommy just whaling on brendan and brendan try to hang on for dear life . int . boardwalk hall arena - same the Marines in the crowd be all on they foot , scream for Tommy to end it . the chant start up again . 15,000 strong . " Tommy ! Tommy ! Tommy ! " Frank try to instruct Brendan , but he can not hear he , and he 's too overwhelm . Tommy press Brendan against the cage and do the same thing koba do . he lift he off the ground , carry he on a dead run , and body slam he so hard the cage shake . then Tommy mount he and start pound away again . the horn sound end the round , but this time it 's Brendan who pop up and push Tommy . Tommy shove he back . rosenthal have to separate they as the crowd roar its approval . 98 . callen ( v.o. ) here we go , Mom ! time to lock up you china , the boy be at it again ! int . colt pittsburgh fight club - later fenroy and company watch the big screen . on tv screen : round three . more tommy domination , but brendan be somehow taking it . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same again , Tommy be on top of Brendan , try to ground and pound he into submission . Frank , lean on the apron nearby , scream at Brendan . frank switch ! switch ! Tommy try to pound Brendan out , but Brendan latch on to Tommy 's arm , wrap he leg around he , and reverse position , just as he do with Midnight , the dane , and koba . Tommy be in deep trouble . Brendan push he face down on the canvas and crank he shoulder . there 's no escape . sheridan ( v.o. ) oh my God , that 's a deep omoplata ! callen ( v.o. ) he 's do it again ! conlon 's do it again ! this be go to be over ! Brendan apply intense pressure . Tommy 's shoulder be contort , wrenched backwards , and he face be a mask of pain . Tommy 's in agony , but he will not give in . brendan tap , Tommy ! Tommy shriek like a animal , but still will not quit . in fact , he elbow Brendan in the face in defiance . Brendan in turn crank the shoulder even more . it 's at the break point . brendan ( cont 'd ) tap ! the shoulder twist . twist . and then , audible only to Tommy and Brendan , crack . dislocate . then the horn end the round . 99 . Brendan , worried he hurt he brother , lean over to see if Tommy 's alright , but Tommy , like a wounded animal , leap up and grab Brendan around the throat with he one good arm . he shove he all the way across the cage and into the fence , and it take rosenthal and Frank to separate they . ext . starlight drive - in - same the crowd fire up by Brendan 's comeback , and mesmerize by what 's take place in the cage between the brother . it 's complete and utter chaos in there . on movie screen : tommy pace in he corner , he shoulder wrecked . josh rosenthal tries to see if he's alright but tommy turn away . he's not quitting and no onex go to tell he he have to . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - same sheer amazement that Tommy do not submit . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Tommy , flap down , tear of pain pour down he face , stand defiantly in he corner . in the other corner , Frank attend Brendan . in the crowd , tess cover she mouth . she can not believe what Tommy allow to happen to he . Frank put the stool down and give Brendan some water . Brendan 's face be wrack with guilt and concern over he brother . brendan I pop he shoulder . frank relax , breathe . brendan I hear it tear . frank you pop he shoulder ? good . I want you to pop he other shoulder . this be not what Brendan want to hear . he look over to josh rosenthal . brendan josh ! 100 . Frank snap . grab Brendan by the face . frank hey ! hey ! no josh ! look at I ! you get two round leave ! you need both round ! go in there , kick he in the head , take he down , and finish he ! rosenthal clap he hand . Frank exit the cage . the wounded Tommy stand in he corner , he ruin leave arm hang low . Brendan make eye contact with he . brendan Tommy ! what be you do ? tommy shut up ! c'mon . brendan what be you that crazy ? josh rosenthal let 's go to war ! the bell sound . round four begin . Tommy throw useless right jab . he 's one hand and have no chance . Brendan stay away from he , not want to hurt he brother . brendan what be you do ? it 's over ! Frank scream at Brendan from cageside to take the wounded Tommy out , but Brendan be reluctant . brendan ( cont 'd ) it 's over , Tommy . c'mon . we do not have to do this . Tommy and Brendan circle each other . Tommy throw rights and wince in agony at any movement . Brendan stare at he . everything about he say " quit , Tommy . " but Tommy will not . int . boardwalk hall arena tunnel - same paddy run up the tunnel , he all access pass around he neck , and enter the arena . see Brendan and Tommy in the cage . quickly figure out what the situation be . 101 . ext . starlight drive - in - same Zito and the kid stare at the screen , implore Brendan to take the helpless Tommy out and win the championship . int . boardwalk hall cage - same Brendan continue to circle and not engage . Frank be livid . he know he will lose the fight on the judge ' scorecard if he do not do something . frank finish he ! you finish he ! Tommy keep throw defiant right jab at Brendan . finally , with no choice , Brendan fire back . he batter the defenseless Tommy up against the cage and pound away at he , blast he leave shoulder with punch that make Tommy wince in pain . it 's anyone 's guess how he can take it . Brendan press he brother up against the cage . begging he to quit . but Tommy merely respond by elbow Brendan in the face again . this set the older brother off , and he resume pound on Tommy until the horn sound and rosenthal pull Brendan away . josh rosenthal break ! break ! Brendan head back to he stool as Tommy lean against the cage in agony . the Marines scream for he , but he eye be glaze over . it 's unthinkable that he have not break yet . from near cageside , paddy look to the corner and make eye contact with Brendan . they exchange a small look of understanding . a nod . they both know what need to be do . ext . starlight drive - in - same the crowd want a victory . tito and the boy start the " mis - ter C ! " chant again . on movie screen : frank admonish brendan in he corner . it be obvious what he's telling he , but brendan' eye be far away . he's not listening to a word . int . boardwalk hall cage - moment later Tommy and Brendan stand for round five . Tommy 's face be batter after round four and Brendan 's face be ruin . 102 . in the crowd , the " Tommy " chant begin in earnest . in fact , it may be louder than ever . have do the impossible and carry on with one arm , Tommy be more superhuman and heroic than ever before . but he face tell another story . soak in pain and anguish . all he stoic wall crumble down . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - moment later all eye rivete to the screen , where the brother circle each other as in the fourth round . on screen : more painful stabbing jab from tommy . brendan give he one last , long look , but tommy respond by kicking he in the leg . finally , left no choice , brendan swoops . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Brendan slam Tommy to the ground . his face be contort in merciless pain . Brendan slip he forearm under Tommy 's neck and squeeze . Tommy struggle , but he 's get one arm and there 's no escape . his face get red from lack of oxygen . as a anguish tess and a shake paddy look on , Brendan choke he brother . as he do , he plead with he . brendan I be sorry , Tommy ! I be sorry ! Tommy continue to struggle . brendan ( cont 'd ) tap , Tommy ! tap ! tear pour down Tommy 's face . Brendan be crush he wind pipe . Tommy 's eye bulge . brendan ( cont 'd ) I love you , Tommy ! I love you ! Tommy , about to pass out , no more air to breathe , slowly open he leave hand , look at Brendan , and tap he shoulder on the conlon family crest . finally submit . ext . starlight drive - in - same while most of the crowd erupt in celebration and the kid leap into each other 's arm , Joe Zito stare at the screen . on movie screen : as people enter the ring , brendan and tommy stay on the ground , brendan cradling he brother in he arm . 103 . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Frank make eye contact with the jubilant tess . indicate she should meet they in the locker room . meanwhile , people pour into the cage . Frank push they aside , keep they away from Brendan and Tommy , who remain on the ground , exhaust . Tommy to begin to weep . int . colt pittsburgh fight club - same silence at colt 's . everyone spend from what they have see . on tv screen : chaos in the ring . brendan hold tommy in he arm and push away a doctor . int . boardwalk hall arena cage - same Tommy bury he head in Brendan 's chest . a torrent of sobbing gush from he , year of pain pour out in heavy burst . from the crowd , paddy stare into the cage and watch as Brendan comfort he little brother , then help he to he foot . callen , sheridan , and j.j. riley make they way inside for the post - fight interview , camera trail behind they . with Frank continue to run interference , Brendan push through the crush of people , arm around Tommy , and exit the cage . the crowd part for Tommy and Brendan . paddy watch they , a tear in he eye . he 's overwhelm by the sight of he two boy together again . as the noise from the arena fade , the brother walk through the wild crowd and continue on through the tunnel , arm in arm ... the end