watchmen written by David hayter &amp ; Alex Tse int . edward blake' apartment - kitchen - evening close on : a " have a Nice Day " happy face pin . steam rise past the pin . we hear a kettle boiling . we pull back and find that the pin adorn the lapel of a robe wear by edward blake , 63 , but amazingly not far from he physical prime -- body chisele , build like a truck . handsome too , save the long scar run down the side of he face . blake remove the kettle from the stove . he scoops some asian tea leave from a can , dump they in a cup . int . edward blake' apartment - live room - evening the apartment be expensive but not quite luxurious . terrific New York view from the window . blake life well , if alone . he sit on the couch with he cup of , tea , put he foot up . Hit the remote , turn the big screen tv on . the news : anchorwoman -- address the United Nations today , the President express he concern over the increasingly intense territorial dispute in both Asia and the Middle East . CUT to : the president of the UNITED states -- president the sound of a bullet at one end of the world echoe across the ocean to the other end . armed conflict be not self contain in its respective region -- the consequence reverberate through every nation across the world and therefore must be avoid at all cost . CUT back to : the anchorwoman -- anchorwoman while the President 's position be clear , he do not comment on whether or not he would order Dr. Manhattan into action should the situation continue to escalate . CUT to : stock footage of dr . manhattan --a man , at least he appear to be , who have glow blue skin . the stock footage show Dr. Manhattan fly through the air as a missile head straight for he . ( continued ) 2 . continued : with a wave of he hand , Dr. Manhattan stop the missile in its flight -- freeze in mid-air - - inch from he face . with another wave , Dr. Manhattan detonate the missile . Dr. Manhattan disappear in the explosion . but once the smoke clear , we see he 's still there . unscathed -- -- blake snort at the stock footage , change the channel -- crash !-- the front door explode , splinter by a kick ; blake jump up , immediately at the ready -- -- when we see the intruder's feet enter . slowly . blake see the intruder 's face , though we never do -- we only see that he 's dress in all black , include glove and a knit hat . a look of recognition come over blake . blake just a matter of time , I suppose . with sudden , blind speed , blake whip the saucer from under he cup , send it flying like a see -blade . the intruder bat it out of the air with even quick reflex , but the act busy blake time to pull a pistol with a silencer from a hollow out stereo speaker . he 's a pro . but so be we intruder . before blake can get a shot off , the intruder be already upon he , snatching the gun out of blake 's hand -- -- blake punch the intruder in the chest plate - - the intruder drop the gun . blake fight . not like a old man , but like the train killer he be . but the intruder be much , much faster . younger . deadlier . he smashes blake with a elbow to the head . blake fall . blood blur he vision . the intruder pick blake up off the ground . bring he to the window with the great New York view . thirty storey up . blake look the intruder in the eye . and start laugh . hysterical . blake ( cont 'd ) I always think I know the punchline . but I guess the joke 's on I now . he laugh . the intruder seem to regard blake a moment -- -- then , with incredible strength , he lift blake over he head and throws blake through the window . blake never make a sound as he plummet to the sidewalk . 3. ext . STREET - evening close on : blake 's dead body . his eye be wide open , not in fear , but in resignation . as blood start to pool behind he head , we move to the happy face pin blake wear , now on the sidewalk by he neck . we slowly zoom in on the pin as blood drip on it . when the pin be washed away . ext . STREET - later ( time CUT ) a shopkeeper have he hose out , spraying off the blood from the sidewalk . blake 's body be go , a chalk outline in its place . a cop come run up to the shopkeeper . cop 1 hey ! this be still a goddamn crime scene ! shopkeeper it 's be over four hour , I get a business to run -- as they argue , we be back follow the happy face pin , as the water carry it to a drain -- -- when someone pick the pin up . we be in this person 's Pov as he study the pin for a moment before pockete it . we never see he face . we move from he Pov -- -- to across the street , arrive at a news stand . people at the news stand stare at . the crime scene . at the cop still argue with the shopkeeper , the patrol car , the yellow tape . at the medical examiner zipping up blake 's body bag . other people at the news stand ignore the scene and peruse the magazine and periodicals , most of which have inflammatory headline regard the tense atmosphere currently in the world --a Newsweek headline read " War ? " , the New York Times : " China move battleship near taiwanese Waters , " the New York Post , over a photo of the President with Dr. Manhattan : " what I worry ? " the news vendor notice a man frown at the papers . news vendor ( be : headline ) depress be not it ? man but good for business , right ? ( continued ) 4. continued : news vendor yeah . irony 's a bitch . the man pay for a newspaper when a homeless man tap the News vendor on the shoulder . homeless man the current issue of the New frontiersman , where be it ? news vendor it 's late this month . homeless man when will it be here ? news vendor I dunno , pal , like I say , it 's late -- we move back across the STREET , to blake 's apartment building , then move up the building , to the break glass window blake be throw out of . we move into the window -- int . edward blake' apartment - live room - night -- inside the apartment , where det . gallagher ( older , jade ) and det . fine ( street wear , but not quite cynical yet ) walk through the crime scene . Fine study the break window . det . fine Edward blake -- 63 year old , six - two , 225 . a solid 225 , guy be build like a linebacker . this be plate glass too , you would have to step on the gas just to put a crack in this . have to be a two man job . at least . you check the bedroom ? det . gallagher drawer be open , toss through . mattress flip . det . fine robbery ? det . gallagher or make to look like one . ( toss Fine a id ) found that in the bedroom . det. Fine study it . it 's blake 's UNITED nation id . it read " special advisor , United States . " ( continued ) 5 . continued : det . gallagher ( cont 'd ) you see this ? he pick up a photo from the floor , hand it to Fine . det . gallagher ( cont 'd ) shake hand with the President . det . fine you be say this guy be a spook ? you think this might be a political murder ? det . gallagher I think that this be way bigger than the both of we . he leave det. Fine to ponder this . ext . STREET - late night / early morning outside blake 's apartment building . it 's later now , the news stand be close , business close , people go . we move into someone 's Pov . the person stare up at the break window of blake 's apartment , now cover with plastic sheeting . rorschach ( v.0 . ) Rorschach 's Journal , October 12th . earlier today I come across what appear to be a suicide . it be later learn to be a homicide . someone 's time be up . still in Pov , we see the person pull something from he pocket -- the happy face pin . we realize that this be the person whose Pov we be in earlier . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I discover a clue . something I recognize . and suddenly , unexpectedly . I hear my own clock tick . we move out of the Pov and see we guy for the first time -- rorschach ( roar-shock ) - - a mask vigilante who wear a trench coat , fedora , and a silver - white mask with oily black spot move about , create shifting , double pattern like a Rorschach test . scary look . Rorschach draw a hydraulic grappling gun from he coat , and fire the hook and cable thirty stories up where it latch itself through blake 's break window . press retract , Rorschach fly up the wall to the 30th floor . 6 . int . edward blake' apartment - live room - late night with a grunt , Rorschach pull himself past the plastic sheet , through the window , and into blake 's apartment . he investigate , silent . he see the same thing that the cop see . . but he notice the speaker by the tv . notice one of the speaker cover be ever so slightly askew . Rorschach pull the speaker cover off and discover that the speaker be hollow . ( the intruder clearly take blake 's gun and put the cover back on when he leave . why ? ) int . blake' apartment - bedroom closet - night blake 's clothing hang in military row . Rorschach run he finger along the wall - seam . he pause , press on the hanger bar , which slide back to reveal a red button . press it , the back wall of the closet slide OPEN , revealing a secret compartment . on the wall be a old framed photo of EIGHT people in costume , from the 60 . include in this photo be a young Edward blake -- blake be not a spook - - he be a superhero . weapon of all kind adorn the wall in here . tear -gas , grenade , rifle , pistol -- if it can kill you blake 's get it . but that 's not what draw Rorschach 's attention . hanging on the back wall , dead center , be a more current costume . Black leather armor , glove , boot . hanging over it all like a vacant , grin face - - a black leather mask . Rorschach stare . frame nearby be the front page of the boston globe . the headline read " the comedian get last laugh on moloch . " underneath be a photo of blake dress in the costume Rorschach be stare at -- blake be a superhero call the comedian . in the photo , blake hold a supervillian name moloch prisoner . ( we will meet moloch later . ) on the same page be a smaller photo of a group of superhero . Rorschach be in the photo , as be Dr. Manhattan , as be the comedian . ( as be dan dreiberg , adrian veidt , and laurie jupiter , all of whom we will be meeting soon ) . the caption below read : " the New Watchmen . " suddenly , Rorschach hear the front door open . he quickly close the secret hatch . int . blake' apartment - live room - continuous two uniform cop stand in the doorway . ( continued ) 7. continued : cop 1 you sure it be not the wind ? cop 2 Nah , I definitely hear something . cop 1 I tell ya , I would rather do traffic duty than be post at a crime scene all night . watch the door . cop 1 pull he gun , go through the motion rather than be concerned . he then enter the bedroom . cop 2 stand guard , nervous from the bedroom : cop 1 ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) clear ! I be check the other room . cop 2 relax a bit , turn -- -- and come face to " face " with Rorschach , stand inch away . the cop 's face go slack with childish terror . he go to yell but Rorschach raise two finger , " shhh " -- the finger jab into the cop' windpipe . the cop hiss and fall silently as Rorschach brushes past he like a whisper . hollis ( o.s. ) see , the comedian think he have it all work out . int . hollis mason's apartment - late night / early morning close on : a framed photo of the first watchmen--identical to the old one in blake 's closet . holding the photo be hollis mason . he put the photo down , but we do not see he face yet . hollis ( o.s. ) he be young and arrogant , but what he lack in experience , he make up for in . tenacity . as he speak , we pan across various framed memorabilia : the first be a newspaper clipping date 1958 : mysterious masked man clean up wharf -- the caption underneath read " hero call himself the nite owl . " hollis ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) guess I be that way too , when I start . I will never know what possess I to put that mask on the first time . ( more ) ( continued ) 8. continued : hollis ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it start with the villain , y'know , people forget that . pirate outfit , ghost . gang that think it be funny to dress up and pull heist , crap like that . pan across : another framed clipping , date 1962 : nite owl form watchmen --costumed heroe combining force ! " ' we be go to clean up this town ! ' say costume crusader . " hollis ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so a few cop , we decide it might be funny to mask up too . be anonymous . take this guy on at the street level , right ? then the media get wind , run with it , turn it into a whole different beast . pan across : a gold statue of nite owl in he sixty - era costume . the plaque below read : in gratitude , 1969 . another clipping : " hero retire , reveal Identity in tell all Book . " finally , we come to hollis mason ( aka nite owl ) , 70 , though he eye sparkle with strength and he face still show the edge of a bear hero . the tv be on in the background . hollis ( cont 'd ) superhero , supervillian -- you know who I run into the other day at the market ? the scream Skull . we chatted for a while . turn out he 's a bear again . dan ( v.0 . ) no way . we see who hollis be speak to -- dan dreiberg ( the second nite owl ) , late 30' , handsome , though he 's let himself go the past few year -- he edge have go soft . he be in the photo of the new Watchmen in blake 's apartment . hollis all the nut that start pop up , I will tell ya . who be that midget you and you partner chase down year ago ? what would he call himself ? dan the Big figure . hollis Big figure . a midget bad guy . guess it do not get lower than that , do it ? hollis laugh at he own joke ; Dan chuckle , polite . ( continued ) 9 . continued : ( 2 ) dan ( glance at he watch ) wow , it 's really late . Dan stand , finish he beer . hollis see he to the door . hollis well , even though I spend my time catch real bad guy , you be still a better nite owl than I ever be . dan that 's bullshit , hollis , and you know it . they hug . hollis with all this talk of war , all that 's go on in the world , it 's a shame the government force all you guy out . before Dan can answer he notice a break news report on the tv : anchorwoman this just in -- mask vigilante Rorschach have assault a New York City police officer who be guard a crime scene in the early morning hour . Rorschach be on the fbis ten most want list for violation of the keene Act , which ban mask heroes ten year ago . Dan and hollis watch as a image of Rorschach flash on screen . hollis well , force all of you guy out except one . ( beat ) next week ? Dan nod , then leave . ext . hollis mason's apartment - late night / early morning Dan descend the stair . he pull up he collar against the cold and walk down a alley . a sign below hollis ' apartment read : " mason auto repair -- obsolete model a specialty ! " 10 . int . subway - late night / early morning Dan ride the subway , lose in think , when a group of gang member , wear yellow and black bandanas brush past he . one stop . Dan 's leg be out , a couple inch too far . gang leader move you leg . dan what ? gang leader I say move , dick . Dan finally realize what he 's talk about . Dan meet he eye , for just a moment and draw back he leg . the gang member snicker at Dan as they pass . ext . dan dreiberge townhouse - late night / early morning Dan walk down the empty street to he townhouse , digging for he key . then he stop , suddenly alert . his front door hang slightly OPEN -- the lock's be smashed . there 's a light on inside . cautious , Dan enter the house . int . dan dreiberg be house - continuous Dan quietly approach the light come from he kitchen . he hear odd , metal scraping sound . int . dan' kitchen - continuous Dan enter the kitchen , stunne to find -- dan Rorschach . Rorschach sit at the table , mask half up , eat a cold can of bean . rorschach hello Daniel . I help myself to some bean . you do not mind ? dan no , of course not . you uh , want I to heat some up for you ? rorschach no need . ( continued ) 11 . continued : Rorschach finish the can of bean , stand , pull he mask back down . there 's a strong familiarity between the two but at the same time , Dan be wary . dan you be on the news . they say you attack a cop . rorschach minor wound . wo not need hospitalization . dan other than that . how have you be keep ? rorschach out of prison . so far . look at this . he toss blake 's happy face pin onto the table . Dan pick it up , run he finger over the red - brown splotch . dan this little stain , be that bean juice or -- rorschach human bean juice . it belong to the comedian . he 's dead . dan the comedian ? nervous now , Dan glance out the window . dan ( cont would ) let 's talk downstairs . int . dan be house - hallway - late night / early morning Rorschach follow Dan to a closet , at the end of the hall . Dan open the closet , revealing a old bookshelf . with some difficulty , Dan pull OPEN the hinged bookshelf with a rusty creak . steel stair lead down into the dark . int . dan' owl - chamber - night the two man descend into Dan 's workshop -- the dusty remnant of a hero 's lab ; Old computer and a owl - costume , hang in a locker . no - one have be down here for year . in the center of the space , a oval vehicle the size of a subway car be cover by a dusty tarp -- the owl -ship . dan how do it happen ? ( continued ) 12 continued : rorschach murder . someone throw he out a window . dan maybe it be a burglary . the killer might not have know who blake be . rorschach a ordinary burglar ? kill the comedian ? ridiculous . dan you be right . I hear he be work for the government . maybe it be a political kill . rorschach maybe . or maybe someone 's decide to kill off costume heroes . dan you do not think that 's . a little paranoid ? rorschach be that what they be say about I now ? that I be paranoid ? dan I - be just say the comedian make a lot of enemy over the year , even amongst he friend , if he have any . the man be not exactly endear . just because something happen to he do not mean it involve we . rorschach one of we own have be murder . I think you might be interested . a attack on one be a attack on all of we , right ? Dan hesitates . dan I be out , Rorschach . I have be out , we have all be out . except you . you know that . rorschach yes . I know that . anyway , I think I would let you know . just in case . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) dan yeah , thanks . you can take the tunnel out to the warehouse on fleet street -- Rorschach turn to walk off down a long , dark tunnel . rorschach I remember . use to come here a lot . back when we be partner . dan yeah . that be good time , Rorschach . great time . ( more to himself ) what ever happen to they ? rorschach you quit . Rorschach disappear into the subway tunnel , leave Dan to reminisce alone . Dan glance at he old costume hang . int . sleazy motel room - early morning the kind of room you rent by the hour . or the minute even . a cheap look hooker enter with a army officer , giggle . she playfully push the Officer onto the bed . hooker so tell I what you wanna do . sir. army officer see that I do not have to be back to base till Friday - - everything . he put a stack of bill on the dresser . then take he uniform off like he can not wait . the hooker get on top of he - -- when the door fly off the hinges . Rorschach step in , yank the hooker off -- -- the officer get to he foot , throw a punch , which Rorschach dodge . Rorschach grab the guy 's arm , then kick the Officer on the side of he knee , tear the joint to shred . the Officer cry out in pain , fall to the floor -- Rorschach nail he in the head with a black jack , knock he out . the hooker scream . Rorschach grab she by the hair and slam she face into the wall . rorschach quiet , whore . ( continued ) 14 . continued : nose break and bleed , the hooker quiet to a whimper . Rorschach take the officer 's uniform and id . then leave . ext . veidt enterprise - morning a mammoth , shine skyscraper . at the 50th - floor there be a huge v-shaped hole where water fall . int . veidt enterprise - lobby - morning a mammoth lobby . the decor be egyptian and marble . Dan approach a beautiful assistant behind a impose desk . dan I be here to see adrian veidt . assistant do you have a appointment ? dan no , uh , just tell he Dan dreiberg be here to see he . assistant I be sorry , Mr. veidt do not see anyone without a appointment . dan I understand , but if you would just tell adrian that Dan dreiberg be here , I be a old friend . assistant well , Mr. veidt be very busy at the moment -- dan just tell he I be here . I assure you he will see I . Dan glare at she . she glare right back . a game of chicken . she reluctantly get up , go inside the office . once she 's go , Dan 's glare disappear , replace by nervousness . because he 's not sure if adrian will see he -- it 's be a long time . he glance at the security guard eyeing he . finally , the Assistant return . assistant go on in , Mr. dreiberg . 15 . int . adrian veidt' office - morning Dan enter the enormous office -- there be three tv feed projected onto the wall , architectural model of real estate development , poster size ad campaign for " nostalgia " perfume - - all reflect the financial empire of veidt enterprise own by -- -- adrian veidt , late 30 , movie star look , be at the far end of the office , sprint on a treadmill as journalist doug roth hold a tape recorder to he . adrian see Dan approach , smile wide . he hold up a finger , tell Dan to hold on a sec . Dan nod , take a seat on the couch . pick up a fortune magazine with adrian on the cover . doug roth Mr. veidt , would you acknowledge that you be consider the world 's smartest man ? adrian ( laugh ) I think it 's better to be the world 's most modest man . you should ignore my pr people , they tend to be a little too enthusiastic . though adrian seem to be sprinting at top speed , he hardly seem out of breath as he answer question . doug roth if we could move off the subject of business for a moment , I be curious whether the world 's smartest man think we be head for we next World War . adrian stop the treadmill , towel off as he head to Dan . adrian predict stock price be not the same as predict world event . I hope there be not a war , or even a skirmish for that matter . because veidt enterprise have some exciting plan , plan that will , pardon the cliche , truly make this world a better place . my team of engineer and scientist have be work with Dr. Manhattan himself on synthesize a new , cheap form of energy which will eliminate the world reliance on fossil fuel with no toxic emission . this energy could power car , aircraft , stadium -- there be no limitation -- ( reach Dan ) ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . continued : adrian ( cont 'd ) -- but I talk too much . will you mind pause the interview a moment , Doug ? a good friend of mine be here . Doug roth leave . adrian hug Dan , despite the sweat . dan you look good , adrian . adrian Dan -- it 's be far too long . int . adrian veidt' office - later Dan and adrian sit , talk over coffee . Dan examine a action - figure of adrian as ozymandias ( he superhero alias ) . adrian Rorschach . he pay I a visit too . dan he do ? must have be tough to get past you security , even for he . I think you assistant be go to take I out . adrian ( laugh ) Sara can be tough . be that why you come to see I ? you be worried about this mask killer theory Rorschach 's conjure up ? dan you be the world 's smartest man , adrian . you tell I . adrian Rorschach 's a sociopath suffer through nostalgia . I reveal my identity to the public as soon as the keene Act be pass . if a old enemy want I dead it would have be do already . adrian notice the news on one of he tv projector . something about Pakistan put troops along the indian border . adrian turn up the volume , look grim . adrian ( cont 'd ) no , there be other thing in the world I be far more concerned about . on the wall : the tv projector show a image of two pakistani soldier on patrol . 17 . ext . pakistan / india border ( kashmir ) - same time we be now actually with the two Soldiers on patrol . one of the Soldiers take out a pair of binocular , look into the mountain . ( they speak in baluchi ) pakistani soldier we should attack the indian bastard . I do not understand -- CUT to : Pov --a sniper scope , lock in on the pakistani soldier . indian soldier # 1 ( o.s. ) -- why I can not just pull this trigger . we see two indian Soldiers , hide in the mountain , one with he sniper rifle aim . ( they speak in Hindi ) indian soldier # 2 because then a battle begin . then a war . and then the Americans will send -- int . bridge - battleship - chinese water - same time chinese captain ( in mandarin ) -- they blue abomination to intervene . and we do not want that . at the same time , we can not assume to know what 's on the mind of we enemy . we be in chinese water , off the coast of Taiwan . the chinese captain and he first mate look out at the water . taiwanese gunboat can be see in the distance . int . missile control room - israel - same time we be in the control room as a israeli officer and he much young aide watch satellite image on the giant screen . image of potential target . ( they speak in Hebrew ) aide be Dr. Manhattan even real ? israeli officer why do not you ask the vietnamese . or the Iraqis ? Dr. Manhattan be real . thank god for that . 18. ext . rockefeller military base - evening a sign post on a razor - wire fence read : rockefeller military research CENTER . a m16 -tote guard stand at the gate . we move into Rorschach 's Pov as he approach the gate . the guard have no reaction to Rorschach -- -- because Rorschach be in disguise , wear the Army Officer 's uniform he steal . Rorschach present he id . the Guard wave he through . int . hallway - dr . manhattan' compound - evening Rorschach ditch the uniform in the trash and put he mask on . he quietly enter -- int . laboratory - continuous --a huge room , which contain technologically advanced military device . distorted in section of glass , we see the reflection of a huge man , glowing bright blue -- dr . manhattan ( o.s. ) good evening , Rorschach . -- and we see dr . manhattan ( formerly jon osterman ) for the very first time . he be sixty feet tall , blue light ripple from he skin , emanate pure power - - he be God on earth . he work on a reactor -- telekinetically move part in the air -- not even look at Rorschach . it 's as if Dr. Manhattan already know he be come . rorschach Dr. Manhattan . Dr. Manhattan continue about he business when he girlfriend , laurie jupiter , 30 , very much in she prime , enter from the other end . laurie jon , do you say some -- Rorschach : what be you do here ? you be a want man . rorschach Nice to see you too , silk spectre . laurie do not call I that . my mother make I take that name . I always hate it . ( continued ) 19 . continued : rorschach sorry , miss Jupiter . I think I should tell you the bad news -- the comedian have be murder . dr . manhattan yes , since he and I be the only two extranormal operative currently employ by the government , I be inform . the CIA suspect one of the radical Islamic group . Dr. Manhattan shrink from sixty to six foot in size . he speak in a cold , even , matter of fact manner . rorschach I have my own theory . but neither of you seem too concerned . dr . manhattan a live human body and a dead human body have the same number of particle . structurally there 's no difference . laurie well , I might not be able to count molecule , but either way , blake be a bastard . you know he try to rape my mother ? rorschach sound like you may have have a score to settle . you or you mother . laurie what ? be you accuse -- dr . manhattan Rorschach , please do not upset Laurie . I don 't -- he pause as if he hear something . dr . manhattan ( cont 'd ) Excuse I for a moment . suddenly he disappear . ext . port of long beach - continuous a group of suspicious look middle eastern men watch as a container be be load onto a truck -- ( continued ) 20 . continued : -- when suddenly Dr. Manhattan materialize in a blue flash , float in mid-air . the Middle Eastern Men shield they eye from the light , then realize in awe and fear middle eastern man ( in Arabic ) it 's he he 's , he 's real . Allah help we , he 's real ! the man run for it but it 's useless -- Dr. Manhattan shoot beam of ENERGY at they , freezing all the man in mid motion -- -- when port security pull up . they get out of they jeep , in awe of Dr. Manhattan , still float in mid-air . dr . manhattan this man be transport a shipment of enrich uranium -- with a gesture , the container float off the truck and separate into piece . . revealing the uranium inside . suddenly the uranium change -- dr . manhattan ( cont 'd ) I have safely transformed the uranium into sand . I trust you can take thing from here . and just like that he disappear -- int . laboratory - continuous -- and be back in the lab without miss a beat . rorschach -- I be not here to judge the moral discrepancy of a man who die in service of he country . laurie you call rape a moral discrepancy ?! dr . manhattan Rorschach -- you be upsetting Laurie . I think you ought to go . rorschach I come here to warn you both , just like I warn adrian and Dan . I believe someone may be target mask heroes -- dr . manhattan I say you ought to go . ( continued ) 21 . continued : rorschach it take a lot of effort to get in here . I be not leave before I have -- with a look , Dr. Manhattan make Rorschach disappear . ext . rockefeller military base - continuous Rorschach materialize down the road from the base . rorschach -- have my say Rorschach realize what just happen . check himself , he surroundings . reorient himself . with nothing else he can do , he head down the road . int . laboratory - same time Dr. Manhattan resume he work . he look distract . dr . manhattan he 's go . be you okay now ? laurie yeah ( study Dr. Manhattan ) be you okay , jon ? Dr. Manhattan pause for a moment , thoughtful . dr . manhattan I be have trouble with my vision . I can not see clearly what lie ahead . there 's some static interference . laurie interference ? cause by what ? dr . manhattan I be uncertain . a power surge of great magnitude ? perhaps a nuclear detonation . laurie more war talk . I can not deal with this . I do not want to think about the future right now . dr . manhattan there 's no such thing as the " future . " I have explain to you on many occasion -- ( continued ) 22. continued : laurie -- that time be simultaneous . there 's no past to travel back to , no future to travel forward to , everything happen all at once , we action affect the course of time instantly , yes I know . ( beat ) I be sorry , it 's just a little unnerve to be with someone who can see the future , or whatever you call it . dr . manhattan I understand you frustration , Laurie . the human mind for some reason be only capable of view time frame by frame . perhaps you would find it more comforting if you could perceive time as I do Dr. Manhattan touch she head -- int . jupiter house - night ( flashback - 25 year ago ) Laurie 's childhood home . we be in Laurie 's Pov , as a little girl . there 's argue downstairs . Laurie go down to investigate . she come upon the kitchen door , ajar . she can see she parent inside , argue -- laurie ( v.0 . ) jon , stop ! int . laboratory - evening back in the present , Laurie pull away from Dr. Manhattan 's touch . that memory seem to be painful for she . dr . manhattan I do not mean to upset you . laurie I know . I think I have be coope up on this base for too long . Rorschach mention Dan dreiberg - - we have not see he in year . maybe we can give he a call , see if he 's available for dinner tonight . dr . manhattan you go ahead , Laurie . I want to further investigate this interference with my vision . I find it troubling . 23. int . reception - dr . manhattan' compound - evening Laurie , dress up and look gorgeous , head out when she 's stop by a secret service agent forbe . agent forbe go somewhere , miss Jupiter ? laurie out . agent forbe I will have a car bring around in a few minute . laurie no , thank you . I call a cab already -- it 's wait for I outside . she try to walk past but agent forbe step in front of she . agent forbe you look quite nice . who be you meeting ? laurie a old friend of mine . and of Dr. Manhattan 's . now step out of my way . agent forbe please keep in mind , Ms. Jupiter , that you boyfriend be this country 's most valuable asset . you need to keep he happy . and on we side . Laurie glare at he . laurie yes , sir . she brushes past he as she leave . ext . new york CITY - night we move down the beautifully light New York city skyline , pass the Brooklyn Bridge . the statue of Liberty and the in tower of the World Trade Center ? we hear the laughter -- 24 . int . restaurant - night -- of Dan and Laurie as they finish up they meal at this trendy restaurant . laurie you remember that crazy guy , what do he call himself . Captain carnage ! pretended to be a supervillian just so he could get beat up all the time ? dan yeah , he try that with I once . I just walk away but he start follow I down the street in broad daylight yell , " punish I ! punish I ! " laurie ( laugh ) whatever happen to he ? dan uh , well , he pull that on Rorschach and Rorschach drop he down a elevator shaft . they look at each other , serious , then explode in laughter . laurie sorry , sorry , that 's not funny . I can not remember the last time I laugh like this . it feel good . Dan look at she as she finish she coffee . we can see he 's smitten with she and that he probably have be for year . Laurie seem oblivious . dan it 's great see you again , Laurie . laurie yeah , this be fun . the waiter arrive with the check ; Laurie grab it . dan you sure I can not get that ? laurie let I put my expense account to use . you can thank uncle Sam . ( continued ) 25 . continued : Laurie nod out the window . Dan turn and see a government sedan park outside . dan they have be watch the whole time ? laurie just make sure I be not do anything that might upset the country 's most powerful weapon . dan how be jon , by the way ? laurie I really do not know . it 's be harder and harder to tell over the year . it 's like he emotion be slowly erode . to be honest , I can not tell if he even care about I anymore . they be quiet a moment . Laurie glance at she watch . laurie ( cont 'd ) I should get back . ext . restaurant - night Dan and Laurie step outside . laurie y1 know , when I think back , why do we do it ? why do we dress up like that ? I think the keene Act be the best thing to ever happen to we . dan you be probably right . laurie I mean , you remember my costume ? all that tight spandex ? that be awful . dan uh , yeah . awful . laurie and to think my own mother push I into that spandex . pushed I into the whole costume thing in the first place . want she little girl to be just like mommy and fight bad guy . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 . continued : laurie ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) well , I guess my ride be here . she give Dan a hug . laurie ( cont 'd ) we will do this again . dan yeah . I would really like that . Laurie cross the street and get into the sedan . as Dan watch the car drive off , two kide nearly bump into he , run around play . the kid make fly noise . kid 1 I be Dr. Manhattan , save the twin tower ! kid 2 no , I wanna be Dr. Manhattan ! mother you can take turn , okay ? Dan watch the kid for a moment , then walk away . the twin tower loom behind he . ext . cemetery - late afternoon day later . a few mourner gather in the rain for Edward blake aka the comedian 's funeral . mostly government type . Dan , adrian and Dr. Manhattan line the edge of a open grave . int . hallway - sally jupiter's condo - los angele , CA - day Laurie materialize in the hallway of she mother 's condo in California . she immediately run to the bathroom . ext . nepenthe vista - same time Bright California sunshine gleam over this upscale condo facility . Laurie 's mother , sally , 60 but look in she 40s , recline by the pool . she hear someone vomiting in she condo . sally Laurie ? be that you ? int . sally condo - day Sally step through the slide glass door as we hear the toilet flushing . Laurie wobble out of the bathroom . ( continued ) 27 continued : sally I would figure you would be use to travel that way by now . laurie well , I be not . I hate it when jon teleport I . sally margarita ? laurie no. Sally pour herself a margarita from a pitcher on the counter . we see photo , remnant of Sally from she crimefighting day around the condo . under the pitcher of margaritas be a day old LA Times with the headline : " Dr. Manhattan intercept terrorist at Port . " sally it 's Eddie blake 's funeral today , be not it ? Laurie nod . ( from here on , intercut between blake 's funeral and Sally 's condo ) funeral : blake 's coffin be remove from the hearse . sally ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) finally get he punchline , I guess . poor Eddie . laurie poor Eddie ? how can you say that ? after what he -- sally Laurie , you be still young . you do not understand how thing change as time go by . funeral : blake 's coffin be carry past adrian , Dan and Dr. Manhattan . laurie ( v.0 . ) another lesson on time pass . y'know , you and jon should get together and write a book on the subject . Sally reach into a drawer and pull out the old photo of the Watchmen , the same one with blake and hollis mason in it . ( continued ) 28 continued : ( 2 ) sally that leave just two of the old team leave . I and hollis mason . she stop at blake in the photo , regard he . ext . cemetery - late afternoon sally ( v.o. ) Eddie be the comedian . he always think he would get the last laugh . as the priest speak , we move down the row of mourner , stop at Dr. Manhattan look thoughtfully into blake 's grave int . bar - saigon - night - ( flashback - 1964 ) match CUT to : Dr. Manhattan . in the night sky , a burst of firework . outside , a crowd of vietnamese people cheer . blake ( o.s. ) firework . a young blake sit in a derelict saigon bar , mean drunk . his face be devoid of he trademark scar . blake ( cont 'd ) you would think this country would have enough goddamn firework . if we would have lose this war , I think it might have drive we crazy , y'know ? as a country . but we do not . thanks to you . dr . manhattan you sound bitter . blake I ? I think it 's hilarious . vietnamese girl ( o.s. ) Mr. Eddie ? they both turn . a pretty vietnamese girl stand in the door . she 's pregnant , just start to show . blake fantastic . just what I need . vietnamese girl the war be over now . we must talk . ( touch she abdomen ) about this . ( continued ) 29 . continued : blake slam he glass down . he glare at she , drunk and dangerous . blake there 's nothing to talk about cuz I be leave . I be gonna forget you and you horrible , sweaty little country . he turn away . her eye blaze with betrayal and hatred . vietnamese girl no . you will remember . you will remember I and my country forever . she smashes a bottle . blake turn just as the break shard slash he face , slice he he jag scar blake you bitch ! my face ! he push her into the bar and draw he pistol -- dr . manhattan blake . do not . blam ! blake shoot she ; the girl slam against the far wall . she drop , dead . dr . manhattan ( cont 'd ) blake . she be pregnant . you gun she down . blake turn on he , spitting fury . blake that 's right ! and you know what ? you watch I ! you could have change the gun into steam or the bullet into mercury or the bottle into snowflake , but you do not , do you ? you be drift outta touch , Doc -- I have see it . do not tell I the war get to you . blake walk off shouting " medic ! " Dr. Manhattan turn to the girl 's body and regards it , curious . match CUT to : ext . cemetery - early evening Dr. Manhattan look down at blake 's grave . we move down to adrian 30 . int . watchmen headquarters - night - ( flashback 15 year ago ) blake ( v.0 . ) this be all bullshit . Dan , fit and trim in full nite owl regalia , attend the meeting of the " new " Watchmen . Rorschach be there , as be a teenage Laurie , dress in she tight spandex costume . Dr. Manhattan , he age unchange , stand with he girlfriend janey slater , though he cast occasional glance at young Laurie . who definitely glance back . Dan also pay Laurie attention , but she be oblivious . a young adrian , dress as oxymandias , lead the meeting . adrian what be you say , comedian ? blake , now in he forty , smoke a cigar , foot on the table , a flask in hand . the paper in he hand read : " arab leader call Dr. Manhattan : ' America 's weapon of Satan . " ' blake what I be say be this whole bring back the Watchmen thing be bullshit . it do not work twenty year ago , and it be not gonna work just because you want to keep on play Cowboys and Indians . dan maybe we should agree on no drink at meeting . look , Rorschach and I have make real headway on the gang problem by pool we effort . Rorschach 's voice be quiet , not yet its torture rasp . rorschach that 's true . but something like this seem too big . too bureaucratic . adrian bureaucracy can be effective with the right leadership -- blake and that would be you , right veidt ? I mean you be the " smartest guy in the world , " right ? adrian it do not take a genius to see that the world have problem . ( continued ) 31 . continued : blake but it take a roomful of moron to think they be small enough for you guy to handle . you people be a joke . you hear moloch 's back in town and get you panty in a bunch . you think that matter ? rorschach of course it do . justice matter . blake justice . hilarious . there 's no such thing as justice . he stand , move to adrian 's display which outline the Watchmen 's agenda : gang , racketeering , drug . blake flick he zippo and the display goe up in flame . adrian my display . blake justice do not matter , alright ? because twenty year from now we be all gonna be dust . mankind 's be try to kill each other off since the beginning of time and now we finally get the power to finish the job . ai not nothin ' gonna matter when the nuke start fly , and I promise you they will . then Ozymandias here be gonna be the smartest man on the cinder . he sneer and walk out . silence . uncomfortable in the wake of truth , the other pack up to go , mutter apology to adrian , but adrian ignore they , stare at the flame flicker across he face . he seem more thoughtful than upset . match CUT to : ext . cemetery - late afternoon adrian , move down to Dan as we fade to : ext . CITY street - night - ( flashback 10 year ago ) a newspaper BOX . the headline : " cop say : ' let they do it ' , " " Senator keene propose emergency Bill ban vigilantism . " pan up to reveal : the street jammed with angry protestor , wave sign decry vigilante . angle on : a oval airship -- the owl ship -- its forward window sculpt like the eye of a great owl . ( continued ) 32 . continued : Dan , in costume , pilot the ship . the comedian stand outside the ship , in one of the " owl eye , " wield a machine gun . dan ( over loudspeaker ) everyone , please clear the street . we be try to retain order until the police strike be over . blake crawl back in yer hole before you get hurt ! I get rubber bullet ! man in crowd we want regular cop ! no more vigilante ! woman in crowd my son be a cop , asshole ! the comedian get hit in the head by a fly soda can . blake okay , that 's how you wanna do it ?! smiling grimly , he fire tear gas cannister into the crowd . dan oh god. ( over speaker ) look , i'm sorry . you 've left US no choice . please clear the street ! the comedian dive into the crowd , knock random people aside with he rifle butt , then start fire rubber bullet into the crowd . the protestor scatter and retreat . Dan land the owl ship , exit wear a gas mask , hand one to blake . dan ( cont 'd ) comedian , this be a nightmare ! the whole city be erupting ! blake hah ! you see this ? the smoke clear enough for Dan to see a message spray - painted on a brick wall : " who watch the watchmen ? " dan how long can we keep this up ? blake my government contact tell I they be push some new bill through Congress . ( more ) ( continued ) 33. continued : ( 2 ) blake ( cont 'd ) until then , we be society 's only protection . dan Protection from what ? blake laugh , exultant in the blow smoke , the chaos . blake be you kid ? from themselves . close on : the happy face pin on blake 's costume . match CUT to - ext . cemetery - evening -- Dan finger blake 's happy face pin . priest Lord have mercy upon we . amen . Dan drop the pin into blake 's grave . the mourner linger a moment as dirt be shovele onto blake 's casket , then start filing out . we follow one particular mourner all the way in the back --a lone man , as he walk away . ext . cemetery gate - continuous the Lone man leave quickly . int . moloch's brownstone - night the Lone man remove he hat and coat . he be old , withere . he be edgar jacobi . in he young day , he be a supervillain know as moloch -- we recognize he from the news clipping in blake 's closet . int . moloch's kitchen - night moloch go to the refrigerator , open it . then stop , stare . there be a scrawle note inside . moloch pick it up -- in spiky handwrite it read : " look behind you . " over moloch 's shoulder Rorschach 's hat -brim tilt up . as moloch turn , Rorschach lunge , pin moloch 's arm behind he back and slam he to the floor . rorschach Edgar William jacobi . also know as Edgar William Vaughn . also know as William Edgar Bright . also know as moloch . moloch what be you talk about ? I be a retire business maaaaahhh ! ( continued ) 34 . continued : Rorschach twist the man 's arm back viciously . rorschach lie again , I will break you arm . moloch oh God , please . I do my time . I be not moloch anymore . what do you want from I ? Rorschach let he go . moloch 's hollow eye follow he . rorschach you attend a funeral today . why ? moloch the funeral ? I do not know why I go . I just feel I should . I would be think about the comedian -- Rorschach slam moloch against the wall . rorschach how do you know blake be the comedian ? moloch he break in here ! a week ago ! he , he have he mask off . he be drunk -- rorschach you be enemy for forty year . why would he visit you ? moloch I do not know ! I wake up in my bedroom and there he be ! he be upset ! crying ! rorschach the comedian ? crying ? moloch he , he be babbling , not make sense . I be pissing in my pants -- I think he be go to kill I ! rorschach what do he say ?! moloch he say he be wrong . about it all be a joke , that it be not funny anymore . he say he be scared -- ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) rorschach scare of what ?! moloch something he see , I think . he say something about wishing he never break into that building . but that he have to keep he mouth shut . then , then he leave ! Rorschach study moloch a moment , then release he . rorschach hm. funny story . sound unbelievable . probably true . Rorschach glance around the kitchen . he open some drawer , look inside . he pick up a stack of mail , flip through it . one of the envelope contain a pension check from " pyramid industry . " moloch so that 's it ? I be clean ? rorschach clean ? I searched you house . found illegal drug . moloch illegal -- I do not use drug . Rorschach pull a pill bottle from he coat . rorschach laetril . phony medication make from apricot pit . illegal . moloch oh c-come on . look , please do not confiscate that . I be try anything . I have cancer . rorschach what kind of cancer ? moloch the kind you do not get better from . rorschach Fine . you be off the hook , for now . if you remember anything else , leave I a note in the trash can opposite the gunga diner at fortieth and seventh . keep out of trouble , moloch . 36 . ext . cityscape - night close on : Rorschach blast through the night air as the city stream by . this close , he appear to be fly . rorschach ( v.0 . ) Rorschach 's Journal , October 17th . think about moloch 's story on my way to the cemetery . could all be lie . a scheme for revenge plan during he year behind bar . CUT wide : to reveal he be actually perched atop a elevate subway car . just one way he get around . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but if it 's true , then what ? what could have possibly scared the comedian ? what building be he talk about ? what be it that he see ? so many question . ext . cemetery - night Rorschach stand alone over blake 's fresh grave . pay he proper respects . rorschach ( v.0 . ) Edward blake -- the comedian . bear 1944 , bury in the rain . murdered . flash to : blake , the night of he murder , turn as he door be kick in . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) violent life end violently . flash to : adrian 's display burn . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) blake understand . human be violent in nature . no matter how much you try to dress it up , to disguise it . flash of : the group photo of the old Watchmen . then the photo of the new Watchmen . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) blake see the true face of human kind and choose to become a parody of it , treat it like a joke . flash of : blake be beat in he apartment . ( continued ) 37 . continued : rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I hear a joke once . man go to a doctor , say he 's depressed . life seem harsh and cruel . blake be kicked in the stomach . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) say he feel all alone in a threaten world . blake stand alone in the blow tear gas smoke . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Doctor say , " the treatment be simple . the great clown pagliacci be in town tonight . go and see he . that should pick you up . " blake be lift up by the intruder 's hand . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the man burst into tear . a bloody blake laugh at the intruder . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) " but doctor , " he say . ultra -slow , blake crash through he apartment window . rorschach ( cont 'd ) " I be pagliacci . " blake fly toward frame on he silent trip to the ground . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) good joke . everybody laugh . blake fall into frame --go black . int . rockefeller military base - bedroom - afternoon close on : Laurie , eye close with pleasure , as Dr. Manhattan 's glowing blue hand caress she face . laurie mmm . what time do you have to be at you tv interview ? dr . manhattan ( o.s. ) do not worry , we have plenty of time . ( continued ) 38 . continued : eye still close , she do not see a third blue hand trace a line down she cheek . she kiss it . laurie hey , you finger , it 's like lick a battery . it 's all -- she open she eye . they widen in shock and horror as she see two dr . manhattan in bed with she . laurie ( cont 'd ) oh God ! that 's horrible ! stop it ! Laurie jump up . the two Dr. manhattan stand , confuse . dr . manhattan 1 dr . manhattan 2 please do not be upset . I think you would enjoy it . laurie ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I - - you startle I , that 's all dr . manhattan 1 I do not know what stimulate you anymore . Laurie back into the hall , try to get a grip . laurie forget about it . I overreact . it be just strange to see -- Laurie can now see into the kitchen , where yet a third dr . manhattan be work on a experiment . her eye blaze . laurie ( cont 'd ) how long have you be work in here ? dr . manhattan 1 Laurie , try to understand -- laurie understand !? you be work in here at the same time we be in bed !? dr . manhattan 3 my work with adrian be at a important stage . it seem unnecessary to -- laurie shut up ! just shut you mouth ! Laurie whip a full beaker at 3 's chest . it pass through he and smashes in the kitchen sink . Laurie storm out . ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . manhattan 3 Laurie , please -- if you think there 's a problem with my attitude , I be prepare to discuss it -- as he speak , the smashed beaker and its content rise into the AIR , reassembling perfectly in the palm of 3's hand . in the hall : Laurie nearly bump into Dr. Manhattan 2 . dr . manhattan 2 -- but logically , not cloud with human emotion . laurie human emotion ? you be human once . that 's the problem , jon . you have forget that . dr . manhattan 2 Laurie , where be you -- the door slam . Laurie 's leave . for good . Dr. Manhattan 2 stand there . he walk back to the bedroom where 1 be . Dr. Manhattan 1 hold a old photo . in the photo be a couple , smile into the camera . we recognize the woman as janey slater , Dr. Manhattan 's ex-girlfriend , who we see in adrian 's flashback at blake 's funeral . we recognize the man in the photo as . Dr. Manhattan . when he be human . Dr. Manhattan stare at the photo . perhaps feel the tingle of human emotion again int . dan be house - kitchen - evening Dan heat up some leftover chinese food in the microwave as the tv play in the b/g : news analyst ( v.o. ) -- no one 's fire they weapon yet , but no one 's lower they either . maybe this other country be not so afraid of Dr. Manhattan , maybe they be call the President 's bluff . I be very curious to see what Dr. Manhattan himself have to say in he live interview which should be in about a hour or so boom , boom ! Dan look up . someone 's bang on the door . hard . 40 . int . live room - evening Dan approach the door , cautious , mask killer on he mind ? dan who be it ? laurie ( o.s. ) it 's Laurie . dan Laurie ? it take a few moment for he to open the door . dan ( cont 'd ) sorry , I have a new lock install , it 's a little sticky -- laurie I leave jon . int . dan' kitchen - night Dan pour a teary eye Laurie a glass of red wine . dan do , uh , the secret service follow you here ? laurie I lose they in the subways . I think . dan I be really sorry , Laurie . laurie live with he . Dan , you do not know what it 's be like . intercut to : Dr. Manhattan , hold Laurie 's bra . stare . laurie ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the way he look at thing , like he can not remember what they be , like he do not really care . this world , the real world to he it 's like walk through mist , and all the people be just shadow . shadows in the fog . Dr. Manhattan lower he head . a shadow fall over he . he look up to see a three piece suit float before he -- wait for its wearer . 41 . ext . STREET - night Dan and Laurie walk the street , get some air . laurie I hope I do not ruin you night . dan not at all . I be just go to see hollis for we weekly beer session . you be more than welcome to join . in fact , I insist they pass the news stand from the open scene . the homeless man be argue with the News vendor : news vendor -- I tell you , this month 's issue still have not arrive yet ! why do you care about that right wing rag so much ? cuz that bastard do not give a damn about you , pal ! they -- hold up , here it come . they turn as seymour , a fat slob of a man , arrive with a bundle of the latest issue of " the New frontiersman . " CUT to : Dr. Manhattan step through and into the empty , float suit . his tie knot itself . Dr. Manhattan look around the empty room . sad ? again , he look at the photo of he and janey slater . . then disappear in a burst of particle . ext . STREET - same time Dan and Laurie turn down a darker , less populate street . dan Laurie , will you please stop apologize ? I be here for you anytime . shadow trail behind they , ominous . someone 's follow . laurie I know . I just find it rude when people show up at you door -- int . television studio - night the main wait area . people go about they job . the receptionist hear a strange , electric crackling ( continued ) 42 . continued : laurie ( v.0 . ) -- completely out of the blue . suddenly , Dr. Manhattan appear in a burst of energy . the receptionist shriek . the producer look out he office . producer terrific . Dr. Manhattan arrive and no one think to tell I ? receptionist he , he just -- producer all geez . we do not have time for make -up . that blue be too light for television . the light from Dr. Manhattan 's skin darken to a deeper blue . dr . manhattan be this dark enough ? producer uh , yeah ext . alley - same time Dan and Laurie turn down a alley . we now see who 's follow they - - a group of young thug . producer ( v.0 . ) that 's dark enough . int . television studio - back stage - same time a White House PRESS agent escort Dr. Manhattan to the set . PRESS agent just another reminder that if the second geneva Convention come up , we official position be that talk will not resume until the chinese agree to exclude you from the agenda . the President approve this interview because he want to strengthen morale at home and to gently remind the rest of the world who hold the card . please keep that in mind . Dr. Manhattan stand off stage , wait . the light come up and we be live with the glossy news host . ( continued ) 43. continued : news host he 's be call many thing ; hero , weapon , linchpin of we security -- CUT to : Dan and Laurie turn as the Young thug block the alleyway . one of the thug pull a knife . Laurie and Dan exchange a look . Dan remove he glass . CUT back to : news host ( cont 'd ) his give name be Jonathan osterman -- Dr. Jonathan osterman - - a renowned nuclear physicist who through a terrible accident become the man the world know today as Dr. Manhattan . the audience applaud loudly as Dr. Manhattan take he seat . dr . manhattan thank you . news host thank you , Dr. Manhattan , and not simply for appear on this program . I believe I speak for all of America when I thank you for thwart the terrorist plot at the port of Long Beach over a week ago -- furious applause from the audience , which Dr. Manhattan regards curiously . dr . manhattan it be my duty . CUT to : Dan and Laurie surround by the thug . when suddenly they dive into the group , fight like the heroes they once be . Dan grapples with one of the thug and knock he knife away -- -- when another thug nail he from behind with a bat . Dan drop to the ground . back to : news host before we start , I want to explain to we viewer the unconventional format for this interview . we live audience be make up entirely of news media and Dr. Manhattan will be take question from the floor . this commercial free broadcast be present to you by veidt enterprise . we see adrian stand near the audience with the Press agent , smile for the camera . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) CUT to : Laurie , drive a fist into a thug 's nose , when another thug grab her hair . news host ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we will now take we first question -- the thug draw a pistol on she . Dan , still on the ground , see the gun and he eye narrow , harden . he push himself up off the ground . CUT back to : the tv Studio audience : where Doug roth , the journalist who interview adrian earlier , stand . doug roth Dr. Manhattan , Doug roth , nova Times . do you remember a man name wally weaver ? dr . manhattan yes , he be a good friend of mine . when we be both physicist . doug roth he die of cancer . dr . manhattan I remember . I attend he funeral . doug roth how about Edgar jacobi , also know as the supervillian moloch ? you have a lot of battle with he , do not you ? do you know that he have cancer as-well ? the News host look confuse . adrian turn to the Press agent , grow concerned with where this be lead . CUT to : Dan , snap the gunman be wrist back and up -- barrel aim at the thug 's chin . in the last fraction of a second , Dan shift the gun two inch leave as it fire , deafen the thug , but leave he alive . back to : dr . manhattan I be not aware -- doug roth and what about Jose Flores ? he be the longtime janitor at the Watchmen headquarters where you work for many year . Cancer . ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 3 ) dr . manhattan by you line of question , you be suggest that I be the cause of cancer in this individual . doug roth you tell I , doc . adrian turn to he . adrian Doug , that be enough . dr . manhattan it be irrelevant whether I be the cause or not . doug roth irrelevant ? dr . manhattan a live human body and a dead human body have the same number of particle . structurally there 's no difference . a appal then angry buzz come over the audience . doug roth what about janey slater ? do you think it make a difference to she ? dr . manhattan janey slater ? wh -- doug roth you ex - girlfriend , she be a physicist too . you be with she for ten year . or do she have to remind you herself ? suddenly janey slater emerge from a door at the top of the stand . she be old now , frail , barely recognizable from the image we have see of she . doug roth ( cont 'd ) she have cancer as well . doctor have give she six month . what do you have to say , Ms. slater ? he stick the microphone in she face . janey slater d- damn you , jon . God damn you ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 4 ) she leave as fast as she come , burst into tear . Dr. Manhattan stand , visibly shake -- dr . manhattan no , janey , wait ! in the audience , adrian turn to the Press agent , frantic . adrian we need to stop this now . adrian and the Press agent hurry on stage , security follow . PRESS agent that 's it ! interview 's over ! back to : the alley , litter with the unconscious body of the thug . Laurie and Dan lean back on the wall , gasp for air , horribly out of shape , but victorious . CUT to : the tv studio , as adrian and Security surround Dr. Manhattan , try to escort he out . the audience spill out of the stand , rushing Dr. Manhattan with question and , flashing camera - - it 's madness . adrian shove a camera out of Dr. Manhattan 's face . adrian as the sponsor of this program I demand all camera off ! his plea be futile , of course . a reporter break through , get in Dr. Manhattan 's face . reporter 1 do you give Ms. slater cancer by sleep with she ? dr . manhattan no . please let I through reporter 2 do you even care about human life ? dr . manhattan please . if everyone would just go away and leave I alone . adrian hear the note of warning in he voice . ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 5 ) adrian everyone back off ! do not you understand ? he 's the only thing prevent the world from chaos ! doug roth how many other people do you do this to ? Dr. Manhattan finally snap -- dr . manhattan I say leave I alone ! every last person burst into particle and disappear . Dr. Manhattan be suddenly alone . he look stunne almost . ext . roof - same time the tv audience materialize out on the roof ext . alley - night Dan and Laurie exit the quiet alley , try to play it off . laurie I should find a hotel . god. imagine , we get mug . dan why do not you come by hollis ' with I ? shake off the adrenaline . laurie no thanks , I have have enough hero stuff for one night . ( walk away ) you take care , Dan . it 's a dangerous world out there . int . hollis mason's apartment - night hollis open the door for Dan -- hollis you be late . dan I know , you will not believe it -- hollis you miss it -- Dr. Manhattan just lose it on live tv . ( continued ) 48 . continued : dan wait , what ? Dan turn to the tv , which replay the clip of Dr. Manhattan be accost and then teleport everyone to the roof . dan ( cont 'd ) I be just with Laurie . she do not know . hollis she will know soon enough . the whole world will know . int . cab ( moving ) - night Laurie ride in back , stare out at the street , calming down . the cab stop at a red light ; the cabbie take outa zippo , light a cigarette . Laurie stare at the flame int . watchmen headquarters - night ( flashback - 15 year ago ) like she stare at the flame here , as adrian 's display burn . Laurie glance around as everyone leave , apologize to adrian . ext . watchmen headquarters - night ( flashback - 15 year ago ) outside Watchmen hq , Dan 's owl ship rise out of view . Rorschach skulk off into the shadow . Dr. Manhattan and janey slater get into a town car as young Laurie watch from around the corner . blake ( o.s. ) Laurel ? Laurel Jane ? startle , Laurie turn . blake step out of the shadow . blake ( cont 'd ) you be Sally Jupiter 's kid . laurie you be the comedian , right ? you be pretty cool in there . blake light a smoke , look she over . blake you get you mom 's eye . even that funny little mole . laurie get another smoke ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : blake she be one of the all - time champion beauty , you mom . she talk about I much ? laurie no . not really . as blake give she a light , Laurie touch he hand to cover the lighter from the wind . she look up at he , sly . sally ( o.s . ) take you hand off her . Laurie nearly jump out of she skin . a young Sally march toward they from a limo , wait at the sidewalk . blake hey doll . Long time no see . sally not long enough in my book , Eddie . she eye Laurie with cool death . sally ( cont 'd ) put that out . get in the car . inside the limo : Laurie crack she window a inch . her mother 's harsh , low tone drift clearly back . sally ( cont 'd ) be there no depth you will not sink to ? blake Christ , we be just talk ! can not a guy talk to he , y'know , friend 's daughter ? what the hell do you think I be ? sally I know what you be , Eddie . I have always know . do not ever forget that . driving off , Laurie watch blake through the window -- int . cab ( stop ) - night -- like she watch through the window in the present . the light turn green -- -- when a black suv pull in front of the cab , blocking its path . ( continued ) 50 . continued : the cabbie honk he horn as a team of secret service agent get out of the suv . agent forbe knock on Laurie 's window . agent forbe Ms. Jupiter , you need to come with we now . int . rockefeller base - communications room - night agent forbe escort she into the room . laurie I do not understand , what do you mean , jon 's go ? agent forbe I mean he snap and disappear during the interview . now we tracker can not detect he anywhere on the planet . if we want to find he you be we only hope . a technician wire Laurie up ; graph record Laurie 's neural response , monitor show satellite image . technician 1 miss Jupiter , we need you to visualize Dr. Manhattan . do you need a prompt ? laurie no . technician 2 neurotransmions tracking . technician 3 transmit on all frequency . technician 1 we be ready miss Jupiter . we need you to try and talk to he . Laurie , wire like a porcupine , seem embarrassed . laurie jon ? jon , can you hear I ? the graph -needles jump and tick , search . when a high , clear tone ring through the room . Needles fly . technician dash to lock it down . agent forbe hurry to the graph , look over they shoulder . agent forbe have you get he ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : technician 1 we have locate he signal , yes . agent forbe well ? where the hell be he ? the technician look up , not happy about the answer . technician 1 he 's on Mars . ext . remote satellite station - night huge dish scan the sky . we hear the high , clear tone , above all the radio chatter , news report and military frequencies , the endless , echoing chaff of the world ... news reporter 1 ( v.0 . ) -- massive mobilization of troops in kashmir -- news reporter 2 ( v.0 . ) -- unconfirm report of a gunfire exchange in Tehran -- news reporter 3 ( v.0 . ) -- prompt the President to call a emergency meeting with he National Security advisor -- laurie ( v.0 . ) jon . can you hear I , jon ? but this voice get progressively quieter , as we -- zoom back : up , out of the atmosphere , at a blind rate -- ext . mar - night -- landing on a vast martian plain , and the tiny blue figure , walk across it , red dust billowing behind he . the peace and quiet after the cacophony of Earth be soothing . Dr. Manhattan stop , look over the landscape . he hold the photo of he and janey slater in he hand , when he be human . he stare at the photo a moment and close he eye -- -- and we flashback to the moment that photo be take . he and janey be at a carnival . after the flash , janey turn to he . janey slater aww , jon , look - - you have get cotton candy on the side of you mouth ( continued ) 52 . continued : jon osterman you do too . here , let I get it for you . he pull she close . they giggle like the young lover they be and then kiss , passionate back to : Dr. Manhattan walk on mar ' surface . he approach a large rock formation which block he path . he part the rock formation telekinetically , like mose parting the sea -- -- and we flashback , mirrore the parting of the rock formation to the parting of two sliding door , in the lab of a nuclear testing facility , as jon step into the reactor chamber jon osterman ( cont 'd ) ( yelling ) I will catch up with you guy -- I leave my watch inside . jon back into the chamber without notice the digital clock above the door count down : 3 2 1 -- " time lock initiated " -- the door close . back to : Dr. Manhattan on Mars as he stop to pick up a strange rock . it 's beautiful -- the color , the crystal -- unlike anything we have ever see -- -- and we flashback to jon 's lab colleague watch in horror as jon retrieve he watch , oblivious . they try to open the door , but it 's no use -- the time lock can not be overrid . janey arrive , scream when she see jon inside . jon turn , see all the terrify face stare at he . jon osterman ( cont 'd ) janey ? what 's wrong ? janey slater the time lock , jon ! as it dawns on jon , he hear the hum of the reactor initiating , the big mechanical part move . jon run to the door , bang on it . jon osterman janey : oh my god ! tear stream down janey 's face as she look at he through the thick glass , helpless , hopeless . Inside , the chamber start to glow . ( continued ) 53. continued : ( 2 ) janey slater I be sorry , jon , I can not -- janey can not bear to watch -- she run out of the lab as the reactor initiate jon osterman janey ! . and with a blinding flash -- jon and he watch be obliterated to bit . back to : Dr. Manhattan on Mars , as he obliterate the strange rock he be hold to bit and we flashback to the lab cafeteria . janey sit at a table , cry softly , be consol by she colleague CUT to : outside the nuclear facility , by the barb wire fence , a disembodied brain , a set of eye , and a spinal column materialize . back to : Dr. Manhattan on Mars , as he rise into the air . at a think , the red sand fuse into a beautiful , pink glass structure -- -- and we flashback to the cafeteria kitchen as a cook shriek at a walking network of human vein -- back to : the pink glass structure on Mars which spread out into complex glass pattern , rising from the plain at Dr. Manhattan 's command -- -- and we flashback to the cafeteria hallway as a skeleton pass two terrify guard back to : Dr. Manhattan , now dwarf by the rising , evolving glass structure , which begin to resemble part of a watch -- -- and we flashback to the cafeteria . janey 's still cry . one of she colleague reach for she hand when static SPARKS snap around they . all over the cafeteria , the metal utensil begin to spark . in the center of the room , glowing blue particle begin to collect , slamming into each other with amazing force and in a blinding flash , the particle form dr . manhattan , hover over the room like a newborn god . everyone in the cafeteria look up in awe , in fear and -- janey slater oh god . jon be that you ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 3 ) -- recognition . back to : Mars , where Dr. Manhattan 's glass palace rise in its full glory . a home fit for a god . int . rockefeller base - communications room - night pull out from : a satellite image of mar . noise filter back in , as technician buzz this way and that , desperate . agent forbe there must be some way to contact he . Laurie sit in the room , largely forget . laurie agent forbe . agent forbe ( distract , annoyed ) what ? laurie I need to go to the bathroom . agent forbe give she a look , then wave for a secret service agent to escort she . int . rockefeller military base - hallway - night Laurie head to the bathroom , trail by the secret service agent . as she reach the bathroom door -- -- she suddenly spin and elbow the agent in the groin . the agent buckle ; Laurie grab he by he coat , shove he head through the bathroom door and slam the door on he head . int . bathroom - continuous Laurie drag the groggy agent into the bathroom . she take he gun , pull it on he . laurie you be get I out of here . secret service agent we be only detain you for national security purpose . do not you understand ? laurie do not you understand that sit there with a bunch of high tech radio and monitor be not go to bring he back ? ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . continued : laurie ( cont 'd ) only one thing can bring ion back and that 's jon . if he want to find I , he 's quite capable of do so on he own . I have be a prisoner in my live long enough . you be take I out of here because if you do not , and jon do come back , I be go to let he know who be naughty and who be nice . and he will not give you a lump of coal - - he will turn you into one , understand ? the agent eye she , then reluctantly get to he foot . int . dan dreiberg be house - bedroom - dawn Dan sleep peacefully in he bed when a shadow move over Dan . drop a newspaper on he lap , waking Dan with a gasp . Rorschach hover beside the bed . dan Jesus ! Rorschach rorschach good morning , Daniel . I bring in you paper . Dan read the headline : " dr . manhattan leave earth . " rorschach ( cont 'd ) the comedian murder . Dr. Manhattan exile . two of we go within a week . who 's next ? veidt ? Ms. Jupiter ? me? you ? Rorschach turn for the door as Dan read the story . rorschach ( cont 'd ) by the way , that new lock break after one shove . dan my new lock ? rorschach get a stronger one , Daniel . you can not be too security conscious this day . start world montage : rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) this day nobody 's safe . we see the same pakistani Soldiers from before , only now there be dozen more troops with they , mobilize on the border as be they indian counterpart -- ( continued ) 56 . continued : CUT to : the chinese battleship we see before , move towards the coast of Taiwan . they FIRE shot -- CUT to : the Israel missile Control room we be in before now bustles with frantic action . aide -- three synagogue be bomb in tel aviv , a bus explode in Jerusalem -- israeli officer enough ! ( beat ) begin the first wave of air strike . int . white house - war room - day a huge map of the world be project onto the war-room screen . the President and he advisor look up at it . secretary of state the chinese have already make they move . India and Pakistan have engage and everyone in the Middle East be go at Israel . time to start pick side , Mr. President . president forget pick side -- first , be we safe ? secretary of homeland security we have increase security at all entry point : water port , airport and border patrol . president I want the National Guard put on the border . as for the rest of it . let 's not jump into the fray just yet . secretary of defense Mr. President , I urge you to -- president let 's just wait , okay ?! maybe he will come back . ( beat , wishful ) maybe he will come back . int . veidt enterprise - MAIN lobby - day adrian step off the elevator when he 's meet by he Assistant . ( continued ) 57 continued : assistant clock 's tick , Mr. veidt . adrian I know . I be meeting the toy people , yes ? assistant eleven-thirty . they want to talk to you about some new villain for the " Ozymandias " line . adrian all the old villain be dead . assistant what 's with everybody today ? everyone 's on this death trip . adrian I suppose the threat of war have that effect . across the way , Dan enter the building , intercept adrian . dan adrian , I need to talk to you . adrian look put off . adrian Dan , I be sorry , this be a bad time . dan but what about what happen with ion ? adrian excuse himself from he Assistant . adrian jon 's departure be terrible . not only for what 's happen in the world now , but for what could have happen . the energy project he and I be work on -- it 's dead now . dan Rorschach come to see I again . maybe there 's something to this mask killer thing . adrian be you still preoccupy with the rambling of that lunatic ? I really do not have time for this , Dan . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) adrian walk away , continue on with he Assistant when a man in a trenchcoat approach the pair . he draw a gun on they . personal assistant sometimes I can not bear to watch the news . it make it so hard to be optimistic be that a gun ? Dan see what 's happen -- dan adrian ! bang ! the man shoot the Assistant in the gut ; adrian immediately spring into action - - he move with unbelievable speed and quickness , grab a velvet rope - stanchion -- --deflecting a second bullet with it -- -- and smashing it into the face of the assassin , knock he into a fountain . security guard run , gun draw , toward the fountain where adrian grapple with the daze man . security guard Mr. veidt ! let we handle it ! adrian wait , he 's get a poison capsule ! he jam he finger into the assassin 's mouth when Dan arrive . adrian ( cont 'd ) do not bite down , you scum ! I want to know who send you ! the assassin 's eye bulge adrian ( cont 'd ) I want to know who 's behind this ! the assassin choke and die . adrian drop he , unanswer . he look over at Dan , frustrated . int . cafe - afternoon Dan and Laurie sit in the back of the cafe , make sure they have privacy . ( continued ) 59 . continued : laurie oh my god . where 's adrian now ? dan talk to the cop . thank god he 's still in great shape . you get so catch up with the whole smartest man in the world thing you forget what a physical specimen he be - - he 's as fast as I have ever see he ( beat ) what about you ? what be you go to do ? laurie I be not sure . I can not go stay with my mom - - I be sure that 's the first place they will look . but I need to get out of the city . it 's only a matter of time before they find I . dan listen , why do not you . how about you stay at my place ? laurie oh , Dan , I could not impose -- dan it would not be a imposition , I have a extra room . we be friend . and with everything that 's be happen laurie you be buy into Rorschach 's " mask killer " theory ? dan I do not know . but it can not hurt to be safe . besides , I have already have one want person visit I , another one will not make a difference . they look at each other . Laurie smile . laurie okay . ( beat ) so this guy who try to kill adrian - - who be he ? int . live room - apartment - same time dan ( v.0 . ) some local low - life name Roy chess ( continued ) 60 . continued : Rorschach investigate the apartment of roy chess , adrian 's would - be assassin . the place be decent but messy . Rorschach spot a porno mag on the coffee table . on the couch nearby , a pair of pant . Rorschach pick they up , reach into the pocket . he pull out some cash , credit card -- -- and a id for pyramid industry . it say chess be a security guard . and then Rorschach remember the pension check he see at moloch 's house . from pyramid industry . Rorschach see a laptop over on the kitchen table . the computer be on and show the server for pyramid industry . Rorschach navigate the server until he find the employee directory . once in the directory he pause for a second . then he type in a name : " Jane slater . " a photo of janey slater pop up -- " status : retired . " Rorschach stare at the screen , excited at the connection . ext . STREET - night we be in Rorschach 's Pov as he walk down the street . from the non-reaction of passer by , he obviously do not have he mask on . rorschach ( v.o. ) Rorschach 's Journal , October 19th . someone try to kill adrian veidt . prove mask killer theory -- the murderer be close in . pyramid industry be the key . Rorschach approach a trash can . he rummages through it and find a envelope . he open it and find a note that read : " tonight 11:30 , m . " rorschach ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) checked mail drop , get a message from moloch . be just go to pay he a visit . Rorschach turn down a alley , approach a dumpster . he reach behind the dumpster . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) my thing be where I leave they . my coat . my glove ( continued ) 61 . continued : still in he Pov , we watch he put each article on . then he pull out he mask . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) . my face . Rorschach pull he mask on , filling the screen int . moloch's kitchen - night close on : moloch's eye stare fearfully out the rainy window . Rorschach appear in the darkness behind he . rorschach somebody try to shoot the world 's smartest man today , moloch . moloch sit at the kitchen table . close on : moloch's hand . a ignore cigarette smolder . in he other hand , a note . rorschach ( cont 'd ) the hitman work for pyramid industry . so do janey slater and everyone else Dr. Manhattan allegedly give cancer to . and last time I be here , I see a pension check send to you from the same company -- obviously a front set up by whoever it be that kill the comedian , that push Dr. Manhattan over the edge , that want we mask dead . be that why you leave I a note in my mail drop ? you have something to confess ? Rorschach turn . a hole gape between moloch 's stare eye . a pistol lie on the table -- moloch 's dead . Rorschach carefully pull the note from moloch 's hand . it 's the note Rorschach have leave in moloch 's refrigerator , the one that read : " look behind you . " behind Rorschach , blinding light glare through the window . det . fine ( o.s. ) ( over loudspeaker ) rorschach , this be the police ! rorschach no . det . fine ( o.s . ) we know you 're in there . ( continued ) 62 . continued : rorschach no . no , no , no det . fine ( o.s . ) if there's anyone in there with you , send they out unharmed . moloch 's corpse stare at Rorschach . Rorschach tear OPEN the cupboard , pull item off the shelf . rorschach frame . set up . walk right into it . stupid , stupid , stupid . det . fine ( o.s . ) let' make this a nice , clean surrender . rorschach heh . never . never surrender . Rorschach take a aerosol can and a pepper shaker . det . fine ( o.s . ) alright . I hope you 're ready , " hero . " Rorschach 's mask disappear back into darkness . rorschach when you be int . moloch's brownstone - foyer - continuous crash ! moloch 's door be smashed OPEN . armed swat cop swarm in , but no more than three can fit in the narrow entry way . swat cop 1 it 's a bum tip , I be tell you . swat cop 2 - keep you eye open . swat cop 1 move down the hall , carelessly ahead of formation - -- behind he , Rorschach appear out of the darkness . he ignite the aerosol can' stream , spraying the cop with FIRE . they fall back , scream , shoot . swat cop 1 catch the worst of it -- he drop and roll on the floor , try to extinguish the flame on he . Rorschach bolt upstairs , igniting the staircase behind he . pandemonium . ( continued ) 63. continued : swat cop 3 where would he go ? swat cop 2 upstair ! he 's upstairs ! go ! int . moloch's brownstone - second floor - continuous swat cop top the 2nd floor landing , already light by fire . swat cop 3 where be he ?! ( into radio ) send the second team in ! grave be down ! and we need a fire unit . all this smoke -- swat cop 2 stay calm , the file say he never go armed . Rorschach appear , blow pepper into cop 2's eye . swat cop 2 ( cont 'd ) ahh ! I can't see ! swat cop 3 get out of the way ! I do not have room to -- swat cop 3 clear he line of fire and find Rorschach aiming the grappling gun at he chest . swat cop 3 ( cont 'd ) shit the hook blows the body - armore cop over the railing . ext . moloch's brownstone - night det. gallagher and Fine watch from behind a line of cop car . the house be now blazing . smoke and man 's scream drift out . det . fine we have get he . there 's no way out . from the second floor , Rorschach smashes through the window , snarling like a rabid dog , landing hard on the concrete . his ankle twist , drop he to the ground . Rorschach struggle to get to he foot . when he look up he find twenty cop in a semi - circle before he . a load , pregnant pause . the cop rush forward . ( continued ) 64 . continued : but Rorschach hold up a glove hand . and they all stop , unsure what this lunatic will do next . rorschach ten year . I have wait for this . he beckon they forward . the cop pile into he . Rorschach brutally disable six cop before he be overwhelm . rorschach ( cont 'd ) no pain . must get up . find who frame I -- a cop kick he in the throat . Rorschach drop again . fine get that mask off he ! cop 1 I get it . Christ , he stink ! rorschach no no no no no no ! the cop peel back the shifting mask to reveal the homeless man from the news stand . he scream at they wildly . rorschach ( cont 'd ) my face ! give it back to I ! Rorschach be finally beat , surround by cop , as moloch 's house blaze in the background . rorschach ( cont 'd ) give I back my face ! int . dan be house - day Dan be at the front door , fix the lock Rorschach bust twice , when Laurie come down the stair , yawn . laurie what time be it ? dan noon . think I would let you sleep in . Laurie smile at he . be Dan crazy or do he sense a spark ? she touch he shoulder as she turn into the live room , then turn on the tv : ( continued ) 65 . continued : anchorwoman today , police searched the apartment of walter kovac , better know as the mask vigilante Rorschach . kovac be capture last night and charge with the murder of Edgar jacobi , formerly know as the supervillain moloch . moloch be find shot in the head at point blank range . both Dan and Laurie stop what they be do , eye fix on the tv : they see Rorschach , unmask , in shackle . anchorwoman ( cont 'd ) Inside the decrepit apartment , police discover stack of right - wing literature , include several year of back issue of the ultra-conservative publication , " the New frontiersman . " we ask " New frontiersman " editor , hector godfrey , for comment . CUT to : a clip of the editor be interview . we see seymour , who we meet at the news stand , in the background . editor Rorschach be a american patriot and we be proud that he read this publication . anchorwoman during he capture , kovac assault and severely injure at least nine police officer , shoot one officer with a grapple gun . that officer be in serious but stable condition . anchorman meanwhile , in Kashmir , fight continue to intensify . both India and Pakistan allude that the use of nuclear weapon be not out of the question -- Laurie shut off the tv , not want to hear the war talk . laurie that mask 's eat Rorschach 's brain away . dan he be not always like that . we be a great team -- tactically , he be brilliant . but I do not know , something about this murder charge I just can not see Rorschach shoot moloch . ( continued ) 66 continued : ( 2 ) laurie he shot a cop with a grapple gun . dan do not remind I , I make that thing for he . but a regular gun just seem too . ordinary laurie and this war , god . sometimes I wish I could just leave the planet . like jon . dan oh sure . the old Manhattan transfer . laurie now , that 's funny . that 's what you call jon 's teleportation ? dan well , not to he face . Laurie laugh . int . prison hall - day Rorschach walk , lead by two correctional officer . from the cell , prisoner shout insult , death threat . Rorschach stare ahead . Silent . calm . int . prison psych room - day the prison psychiatrist , Black , amiable , a mite portly , sit across the table from Rorschach san mask : cold and frightening . the psychiatrist read he file . psychiatrist walter kovac . be that you name ? walter ? rorschach no . the psychiatrist sit back , consider Rorschach carefully . psychiatrist let I explain you situation here , walter . if you cooperate with I , I may be able to convince they that you should to be treat medically , in a hospital , which I believe be best for you . but the authority want to put you in General population . ( continued ) 67 continued : rorschach a prison be a prison . psychiatrist yes , but the difference be , downstairs ? they will eat you alive . he hold up a rorschach blot -card . psychiatrist ( cont 'd ) now . . tell I what you see . flash of : a dead dog . bloody , horrible . rorschach a pretty butterfly . the psychiatrist hold up another blot-card . psychiatrist how about this one ? what do you see here ? flash of : Rorschach , as a little boy , watch he mother , half naked , embrace a man as he hand her some money . when she catch Rorschach interrupt , she smack he in the face . shut the door on he . rorschach some nice flower . the psychiatrist eye he , dubious . hold up another card . flash of : Rorschach as a little boy look up at two older boy , teasing he . Calling he " son of a whore . " Rorschach just want to be leave alone when one of the boy spit in he face . suddenly , Rorschach 's face change . he attack the Boy like a wild animal -- bite , claw . rorschach ( cont 'd ) Cloud . the psychiatrist sigh , put the card down . psychiatrist tell I about Rorschach . will you do that ? rorschach why be you here with I , doctor ? psychiatrist because I want to make you well . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) rorschach there 's other man in here with behavior more extreme than mine . of course , they be not famous . you want to know about Rorschach , doctor ? I will tell you about Rorschach ext . CITY street - night ( flashback - 13 year ago ) Rorschach , walk through intermittent streetlights . in he glove , he hold a photo of a angelic six year old girl . rorschach ( v.0 . ) I be investigate a kidnap case . Blair roche , 6 year old girl . I be young then . too soft on criminal . I let they live . ext . house - night ( flashback - 13 year ago ) a creepy , desert - look house . Rorschach peer through a slatted fence at two german shepherd fighting . rorschach ( v.0 . ) break a man 's arm to get a tip . led I to the miss girl 's location . int . house - night ( flashback - 13 year ago ) crack ! the front door be kicked OPEN , smash the lock . Rorschach move between a line of headless mannequin . in one corner rest a old wood - burning stove . Rorschach peer inside , remove a blackened scrap of underwear . it 's decorate with little heart and bear . rorschach ( v.0 . ) I know the girl be here . but when I searched the place I find nothing . int . house - kitchen - night ( flashback - 13 year ago ) Rorschach enter the kitchen . out the window , the dog be fight . Rorschach open a cupboard , where a line of knive , cleaver and a hacksaw hang on hook . outside , the snarling dog get louder . slowly now , Rorschach 's gaze move from the knife . to the counter . he run he glove finger along red stained , deep - CUT groove in a thick wooden chopping block . blood . his gaze continue out the window rorschach ( v.0 . ) and then I find she . ( continued ) 69 . continued : . to the dog , still fight over the bone , which we now recognize as a small , human femur -- that of the little girl . Rorschach clenches he hand in fury , he fist tremble and suddenly , he relax . calm . Rorschach slowly turn to the cupboard . he reach for a large cleaver . ext . house - later ( flashback - 13 year ago ) the child molester , greasy and fat , walk past the now - silent fence . rorschach ( v.0 . ) it be dark when the murderer get back . as dark as it get . int . house - night ( flashback - 13 year ago ) the man flick a light switch . nothing . he draw a gun . int . house kitchen - night ( flashback - 13 year ago ) he try the light in here . nothing again . he turn away as the body of a dead german shepard crash through the window ! he scramble through the warehouse , fall over mannequin . he fire madly into the dark . the second dog smashes into he from a second window . his gun go fly . he scramble backward against the stove . from behind , Rorschach cuff the man' wrist to the stove . when the child molester see that " face , " he lose he bladder . Rorschach just stare , mask - blot shifting child molester you think I have something to do with that girl ? I do not ! where 's you evidence ? Rorschach calmly point to body of the dog . ( it be the same image Rorschach see in the first blot-card . ) child molester ( cont 'd ) okay , I confess ! I kidnap she ! I kill she ! arrest I ! rorschach Men get arrest . Rorschach raise the cleaver , high over he head ( continued ) 70 . continued : rorschach ( cont would ) dog get put down . Rorschach swing the cleaver down . blood spatter he mask . int . prison psych room - day the psychiatrist listen , paralyze . horrify . rorschach a tremor of impact shook my arm . warm blood splash my face . it be walter kovac who scream , who close he eye -- it be Rorschach who open they again . the silence reel out rorschach ( cont would ) you see , Doctor . God do not kill that little girl , fate do not butcher she and destiny do not feed she to that dog . if God see what any of we do that night , he do not seem to mind . from then on , I know . God do not make the world this way . we do . the psychiatrist rise shakily . he cross to the guard . psychiatrist I can not help he . int . prison commissary - evening the mess hall be packed , hundred of inmate eat dinner . Rorschach enter . the place go instantly , heavily silent . suddenly someone yell : random voice hey Rorschach , I hear you momma be a whore ! a cruel ripple of laughter and the mass conversation begin again as Rorschach take he place in the food line . a huge prisoner move in behind he . he whisper : prisoner hey , Rorschach . you be pretty famous , right ? y'know , I be pretty famous too . maybe I can give you my autograph . the prisoner slide a shiv from he sleeve ( continued ) 71 . continued : Rorschach do not register this . he wait for the fry - cook behind the counter to turn away -- -- then casually reach across and lift the deep -fryer basket from its mount -- -- the prisoner jab the shiv forward -- Rorschach spin , gripping the man 's wrist and flinging the boiling grease into the man' face . the man shriek like a FIRE whistle and crash to the ground . the Guards descend on Rorschach . Rorschach be calm as he 's drag away . as the injure man 's scream fall away to weak , bubbling hitches , the room once again go silent . Rorschach eye the fearful , hateful eye of the room , mark each one . and in the silence he speak , he icy voice carry easily . rorschach none of you understand . I be not lock up in here with you . Rorschach be placidly drag off into darkness rorschach ( cont 'd ) you be lock up in here with I . int . dan' owl -chamber -.evening close on : the nite - owl uniform , stare its blank , empty stare . Laurie stare back , alone down here , fascinate with the costume , the gadget , the whole place . she wander to the owl - ship , whose tarp have be pull back . she run she finger through the dust cake on the windshield . int . owl - ship - evening Inside the ship , Laurie pull open a hatch fill with alternate costume ; design for underwater work , cold condition , heavy armor . she put a cigarette in she mouth . laurie all this gadget and there be not even a dash lighter she hit a button -- the light inside go dim . creepy . she hit the button again to turn the light back on but nothing happens int . dan' kitchen - evening Dan return home with some take out food . . when he hear Laurie scream downstairs . ( continued ) 72 . continued : dan Laurie ?! Dan bolt for the basement door , thought of the mask - killer on he mind . int . dan' owl - chamber - evening Dan descend the stair and see FIRE . dan laurie ! Dan grab a FIRE extinguisher . dan ( cont 'd ) where be you ?! Dan sprays the fire . Laurie stumble from the smoke , out of the owl - ship . Dan 's get the fire under control now . laurie I be so sorry -- I hit the wrong button . I be look for the lighter in . there . dan I do not smoke . be you hurt ? laurie I be fine , but you ship -- dan ah , that 's mostly just soot . archie 's pretty resilient . laurie archie ? dan ( embarrassed ) short for archimede -- merlin 's owl . I be just glad you be okay . I hear you scream and well , you know , after the comedian - - laurie still with the mask - killer theory ? Rorschach be insane . dan maybe , but the comedian murder ; jon exile ; someone try to shoot adrian ; Rorschach get arrest . it make I uneasy . ( continued ) 73. continued : Dan go to a bank of switch on the wall . flick they , the owl - chamber light up . Hidden fan dissipate the smoke . laurie how do you ever afford all this ? dan my dad be in corporate banking . he leave I quite a bit . which always surprised I . laurie how do he die ? dan mugging . he be shot . as Dan clean up , Laurie watch he , like she 's see he for the first time . laurie you really do worry about I , do not you ? dan huh ? well , yeah , of course I worry about you , I mean , we be , y'know , friend -- Laurie take off he glass . and kiss he . it 's what Dan 's be want all this time . but he pull away . dan ( cont 'd ) sorry , I laurie what 's wrong ? but Dan be already walk up the stair , pathetic . Laurie 's leave there , alone . the owl - costume loom in the background . int . prison cell - night Rorschach sit in he cell , stare impassively at the wall . big figure ( o.s. ) it 's be a long time , Rorschach . Rorschach turn to see two thug stand side by side , one muscle bound , the other very fat , stare at he through the bar . pan down : to reveal a midget between they -- the supervillain know as the big figure -- he silver hair comb neatly back , a big cigar perch in he tiny mouth . ( continued ) 74 . continued : rorschach Big figure . small world . big figure ( chuckle through smoke ) I like that . but you know , it be a small world in here . I have be in it for -- how long now , billy ? dumb thug twenty year , Mr. figure . big figure that 's right . twenty year since you and that owl fella put I away . Rorschach -- that guy you burn be die . could go any minute now . and when he do , this place be gonna explode . then you die by inch . rorschach tall order . fat thug ( slam into the bar ) I be gonna tear this guy a new hole ! big figure relax , Lloyd . soon. chuckle , Big figure walk off down the long , shadow corridor . Rorschach continue stare , straight ahead . int . dan' nightmare - night close on : Dan , naked , on he knee in the center of a infinite field of blackness . no corner , no exit . in the distance , he see a female form . desperate , he run to she . it 's Laurie , wait for he in costume . they kiss . she tear at he passionately . his skin suddenly tear away like wrapping paper . beneath the false skin , Dan wear he nite - owl costume . confident , he touch she face . she smile with palpable heat . they kiss . in the background , a nuclear blast erupt . still kissing , the blast blows they into two embracing skeleton . int . dan' bedroom - night Dan wake with a jolt , sweat bead on he forehead 75 . int . dan' owl - chamber - night the door open . Laurie stand in the shaft of light . laurie Dan ? be everything okay ? I hear you come down the stair descend the stair , she find Dan before he costume , naked . he fiddle with a owl - wing throwing weapon . dan mask killer . war. nuclear annihilation . I feel so powerless , so I have be afraid of this damn costume . afraid of how much I need it . he fling the owl wing crescent , whizzing into the dark . laurie so. let 's take the ship out . dan what ? laurie who 's to know ? I use to be a " mask avenger " too , remember ? I be use to get up at three in the morning to do something stupid . besides , I be already a want lady , you be already in trouble for hide I , how much more trouble can we be in ? just give I a second -- can not go out like this . she jog upstairs . Dan turn to the empty , wait suit . int . dan' owl - chamber - later pan up : dan' costume body . the nite owl suit be fantastic , intricate , but above the belly . it just barely fit , Dan manage to click it close . dan I can not believe it still fit . luckily I construct it with material that be elastic and -- Dan turn as Laurie appear at the door , deck in she black spandex . silk spectre , look every bit as good as seventeen - dan ( cont 'd ) -- form fitting ( continued ) 76 . continued : laurie I be ready . Dan turn and see he reflection in the owl - ship 's window . dan I too . int . owl - ship ( moving ) - night Laurie hold on as the owl - ship 's engine roar to life . the ship rise into the AIR and slip easily into the tunnel . Laurie watch the light of the tunnel whiz by . at the end , two big steel door open , allow a passage up . dan let 's have some cloud cover . int . warehouse - night thick fog pour from lower-deck jets as the ship rise into a abandoned warehouse , whose steel roof roll back . int . owl - ship ( moving ) - night Laurie touch the window , the sparkling CITY laid out below . laurie it 's so beautiful dan hang on . Dan bank , wheeling the ship toward the veldt build . dan ( cont 'd ) get to clean she up a bit . I be sure adrian would not want to impede the course of justice . head straight for the building , Dan jig at the last moment , fly the ship through the v-shaped waterfall in the skyscraper 's center . the water wash clean the year of dust . the owl - ship emerge , sparkling like new . laurie look ! below , a tenement build be engulfed in flame . Dan 's jaw set . he wheel the ship around and down . as they zoom closer , they can see people scream from the window . ( continued ) 77 . continued : laurie ( cont 'd ) there 's child in there ! dan I be put the water cannon on the lower storey . ( over the loudspeaker ) please remain calm . we be slowing the FIRE down from below . calmly make you way to the roof and i'll extend a ramp to you . ( to Laurie ) can you escort the people over ? she watch he move , quick , confident . she smile . laurie I be on it . nite owl . ext . tenement build - night the ship extend a escape ramp with Laurie on board . the resident forget they fear of fire for a moment as they soak in the spectacle of this sexy lady on this owl - ship . laurie hi . if you could all form a line , we will have you out of here in just a moment . atop the ship : Dan latch the steering column into its roof socket . he stand ; take a deep , chest - expand breath . who have he be kid ? this be who he be . flick a switch old jazz play pleasantly . int . owl - ship - night below , the resident file on board , in a daze at they surroundings . Laurie grin at the music . laurie anybody want coffee ? ext . owl - ship ( moving ) - night FIRE rise behind , Dan wing the ship straight into frame . ext . STREET - night the owl - ship rise , leave a grateful crowd behind . in the background FIRE truck be just arrive . a firefighter look up in time to see the owl - ship disappear into the cloud . 78 . int . owl - ship ( moving ) - night Dan skim the cloud like a man waking from a dream . laurie I can not believe we do that ! that be actually fun dan yeah . he put a hand on she shoulder . his eye lock onto hers . he know what he want and this time he 's not afraid of it he kiss she . hard . running she hand up he cheek , they slide each other 's mask off . they mouth melt together . int . owl - ship - later Soft music play . Dan and Laurie lie in a heap of discard costume . laurie it be good , be not it ? dan yeah , save that people from the fire . take archie out Laurie swat he on the chest -- that 's not what she mean . Dan grin , have fun with she . dan ( cont 'd ) it -- you be unbelievable . they kiss . laurie so . what do we do next ? Dan sit up , serious . very serious . dan I have be think about that . and I believe we have certain obligation to we fraternity . ( beat ) I think we should spring Rorschach . ext . owl - ship - continuous Long beat . the ship hover , silent in the cloud . ( continued ) 79 . continued : laurie ( v.0 . ) what ? int . prison medical room - night the prisoner Rorschach burn lie in bed , he face completely bandage , hook to a iv . . when he flatline . int . rorschach's prison cell - night down the dark corridor , a roar be building . alarm ring . Big figure and he two thug appear at the door . big figure he 's dead , Rorschach - - the riot 's already begin . while everyone 's distract , we think we would bring you a housewarm gift . something from the machine shop . the fat thug wheel a electrical welder to the door . Rorschach sit , idly tearing he prison shirt into strip . fat thug hey boss , y'notice ? none of that " small world , tall order " crap , cuz he know once we slice open this lock , he 's next on the block . rorschach fat chance . the fat thug redden . he dive forward , hand swiping for Rorschach . fat thug you be dead , Rorschach ! we get a prison full of killer out here ! what have you get ? Rorschach spin , wrapping a shirt - strip around he wrist , trapping the fat thug 's hand inside the cell . rorschach you hand . my pleasure . Rorschach snap fat thug 's pinky finger . fat thug shriek . Rorschach roughly bind the finger around the bar . Dumb thug try to reach the welder around fat thug 's body . dumb thug I can not reach the lock . should I cut the bar ? ( continued ) 80 continued : big figure this riot will not last . and I have be wait twenty year for this Big figure nod to the Dumb thug , who then grab fat thug 's neck . dumb thug nothing personal , big guy . fat thug boss , you can not be serious ! wait -- Dumb thug snap fat thug 's neck . he then cut off fat thug 's hand with the welder , push the corpse out of the way to reach the lock . Big figure grin at Rorschach . big figure now you find out what the score be . rorschach one-noth . come and get I . int . owl - ship ( moving ) - night Dan and Laurie be back in costume . laurie look , Dan , I be glad you be able to rediscover you call in life , but I think you be get carry away . you be talk about spring a homicidal psychopath from prison . dan Rorschach may be sick , but I think he 's on to something -- four heroes attack in a week be not a coincidence . I mean , that whole cancer thing with ion , do that make sense to you ? you do not contract cancer from he . he say as Laurie 's about to light a cigarette . she change she mind . laurie why would someone want to drive ion away ? look what 's happen now . with jon go it look like we be head for another World War . who would want that ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : outside the window : the owl - ship approach a rooftop with a helipad . on the helipad be a helicopter with the veidt enterprise logo . dan I do not know . but I know someone who might be able to help . Dan land the owl - ship on the roof . int . adrian be mansion - night surprisingly , adrian be awake , pack he thing , hustling about he grand mansion as Dan and Laurie trail . dan you be leave town ? so you do believe Rorschach 's theory . adrian please . right now , I be not concerned with this so-called mask - killer , I be concerned with the mass killer call war , or have you not hear . ( call out ) on ! a wall size mirror turn into a tv : CNN newscaster -- US aircraft carrier have already move into the Persian Gulf and US battleship have leave Japan en route to the Far East theatre -- laurie it 's happen Dan break away from the terrible news , follow adrian . dan all the more reason we need to get to the bottom of this . maybe we can get jon to come back in the process and stop all this madness . adrian nothing we do will bring jon back ! ( glance at Laurie ) but I think you know that already . and break Rorschach out of prison certainly be not the answer . ( continued ) 82 continued : dan Rorschach 's be the only one investigate this from the start . without he , we be start at the beginning and we do not have that kind of time . we need you help , adrian . adrian I be leave , Dan . and I suggest you both do the same . adrian pull on a thick winter coat and head upstairs . ext . helicopter pad - night adrian walk briskly to he idling copter , propeller loudly cut through the air . Dan give one last effort , shouting . dan where be you go to go ? adrian Antarctica . it take Dan a moment to realize adrian be serious . by then , adrian 's halfway into the helicopter . adrian ( cont 'd ) good luck , Dan . he say it sincerely . Dan watch the helicopter fly off . int . prison cell - night Dumb thug weld , the lock glow red . nearly through . Rorschach back away from the door as Big figure tremble in excitement . big figure hurry Lloyd ! I wanna smell this sonofabitch cooking ! the lock melt away . Rorschach climb onto he bunk as Dumb thug enter , jabbing the electric welder at he menacingly . Rorschach drive he heel into the porcelain toilet BOWL , shatter it . water spill across the floor . Rorschach kick Dumb thug in the stomach ; Dumb thug buckle , then slip in the water -- Dumb thug fall , welder still in hand as he hit the water Dumb thug 's hand fuse to the welder as electricity surge through he . he collapse , smoking . Dead . ( continued ) 83 continued : rorschach hmm . never dispose of sewage with a toilet before . obvious , really . Big figure look very small and alone now rorschach ( cont 'd ) two-nothing . you move . panic stricken , Big figure move , or rather , run . Rorschach calmly follow he out of the cell . int . owl - ship ( moving ) - night the owl - ship tear through the sky , the prison ahead on the horizon . Dan have he game face on ; Laurie 's still unsure . dan you do not have to do this . I know the whole crimefighting thing be not necessarily you choice in life . laurie no . but this be . she move next to he . laurie ( cont 'd ) but I be not do it for Rorschach or even for jon . and I be sure as hell not do if for the comedian . they look at each other -- Dan know who she 's do it for . the owl - ship be upon the prison now laurie ( cont 'd ) look ! they see a riot below -- inmate spilling out into the yard , overwhelming the correctional officer on the ground ; tower guard take shot at some of the inmate ; Broken glass , break furniture part scattered through the yard ; smoke emit from inside the prison . dan hmm , Rorschach get lock up in here and suddenly there 's a riot . I wonder if that 's a coincidence . they descend toward the hell of tear - gas , FIRE and violence . the Tower Guards , stunne at the sight of the owl - ship , begin shoot at it . the bullet bounce right off . ( continued ) 84 . continued : dan ( cont 'd ) put you ear-plug in . ext . prison yard - night the ship emit a piercing shriek . window shatter . the inmate and Guards fall to the ground in sonic agony . int . owl - ship ( moving ) - continuous laurie how be we go to find Rorschach in all of this ? dan when he and I be partner , we each have tracking implant put under we skin so old archie here could find we if either one of we be ever in trouble . let 's see if Rorschach keep he in . Dan turn on the gps monitor . there 's a blip on the screen . dan ( cont 'd ) he 's in that wing . Dan steer the ship toward the maximum Security wing . 9 ext . prison - maximum security wing - continuous the owl - ship stop to a hover position . the lower hatch open and a ladder extend as Laurie descend the ladder , Dan simply , joyously leap out , he wing SNAP wide to glide he through the air . int . prison hall - night fire burn in the cell . shotgun and scream echo in the emergency lighting . archie 's owl - shriek be dull here -- it 's quiet . tense . Laurie and Dan turn the corner , search . Laurie spot the body of a dead guard . she crouch to take he pistol , slip it into she waistband . laurie how do we know he 's still alive ? they come upon Rorschach 's cell . Dan see the smoking corpse of Dumb thug . see the CUT off hand of fat thug , hanging from the bar . ( continued ) 85 continued : dan he 's alive . int . prison hall - night Big figure run , turn a corner , ducking into the bathroom . Rorschach see this and walk serenely after he . when Dan and Laurie enter the far hall . laurie be that -- dan Rorschach ? Rorschach ! rorschach hello , Daniel , Ms. Jupiter . Excuse I , I just have to visit the men' room . he disappear into the dark bathroom . Laurie watch after he in stunne disbelief . laurie oh , for Christ 's sake . dan hey , it happen . I remember I lose a big arrest like that once . have to redesign the costume after that -- Rorschach exit the bathroom , wiping he hand . rorschach we can leave now . he walk off . laurie be you sure you be ready ? we do not want to go diving head - first into thing . rorschach good advice . I be sure there be many who would agree with you . behind they : bloody water flood from the bathroom door as they go . ext . prison rooftop - night the trio cross the roof as Dan call archie by remote . ( continued ) 86 . continued : rorschach good to see you in uniform , Daniel . what happen ? finally take the mask - killer seriously ? laurie I be not . rorschach of course you have not be attack yet . funny , most everyone else have . laurie what 's that suppose to mean ? we come here to rescue you , asshole ! dan hey ! survive now ! argue later ! I have to turn the screecher off , so we will be draw fire . the owl - ship rise to the roof . they all jump in . ext . prison - night under heavy FIRE the owl - ship zoom off , leave the chaos behind . int . owl - ship ( moving ) night Dan weave and whip the ship into the sky , above the cloud . satisfied that they have escape , Dan allow himself a grin . he look at Laurie , who grin back . dan Rorschach , you remember how to handle archie ? rorschach I believe so . Rorschach sit in the pilot 's seat . Dan turn to Laurie , high on adrenaline and love . Dan move in to kiss she -- rorschach ( cont 'd ) Daniel . dan give we a second -- rorschach I do not think this can wait . ( continued ) 87 . continued : dan what ? what be it Dan look up , through the windshield , and see -- -- Dr. Manhattan walking across the cloud --straight for the ship . laurie it be he . the ship collide with Dr. Manhattan , who pass through into the cabin with a shower of blue particle -- dr . manhattan hello Laurie . laurie they say you be on Mars . dr . manhattan I be on Mars . you and I be about to have a conversation there . laurie where ? what be you talk about ? dr . manhattan you be go to try to convince I to save the world . dan wait , what ? you be take she to Mars ? no , she can not -- Laurie , I do not know about this Laurie look at Dan then at Dr. Manhattan . comprehend laurie I have to go , Dan . jon and I , we be go to talk . maybe we will find some way out of this mess the world 's get itself in . I will be okay . really . dan laurie -- Laurie and Dr. Manhattan burst into particle -- they're go . Dan stare at the space where Laurie just be . rorschach no time for heartbreak , Daniel . ( continued ) 88 continued : ( 2 ) Dan note two blip on the radar . ext . new york airspace - night two nypd helicopter appear behind the owl - ship inside the owl ship : Dan take the control . dan let 's try and lose they in the city . he hit the jet , head for the New York skyline . ext . mar - night a red vista . Dr. Manhattan and Laurie appear atop a rise . dr . manhattan so . what do you think ? laurie j--huc ? hhhhhhh -- Laurie grip she throat and tumble down the hill . she roll into jon , wait for she at the bottom . she claw at he . dr . manhattan oh. forgive I . this thing sometimes slip my mind . he touch she mouth , form a small atmosphere around she . she heave in air , retching and choke at the same time . laurie jon , you stupid bastard ! listen , you better not forget this air supply or whatever it be ( look up ) oh shit . Laurie stand up before jon 's huge glass palace . laurie ( cont 'd ) I be on Mars . ext . new york CITY airspace - night the owl - ship weave around the building , try to shake the copter . but the pilot be good , stay on its tail . the owl - ship shoot out of the city over the water . Dan loops archie around -- ( continued ) 89 . continued : -- and head straight for a subway tunnel int . subway tunnel - continuous . just clear it . the owl - ship skim the side of the tunnel , SPARKS fly -- -- when a subway appear . they be head straight for it . dan oh no . rorschach tactical error , Daniel . dan I know -- they head straight for the subway -- -- when the tunnel open up -- -- Dan swerve to the adjacent track just in time . ext . new york CITY airspace - night the owl - ship emerge from the subway tunnel . when one of the nypd copter cut it off . dan shit. Dan accelerate , weaving archie around the skyscraper , the Empire State Building . but the copter 's still there . Dan cut around the UNITED nation build . the copter follow the owl - ship around to the East River . but the owl - ship be nowhere to be find the copter hover there . baffle . ext . east river ( underwater ) - same time the owl - ship rest at the bottom of the river , hide ext . STREET - night a group of gang member ( with the black and yellow bandanas who confront Dan on the subway earlier in the film ) walk down the block when another gang member catch up , run . ( continued ) 90 . continued : gang member 1 yo , y'all hear ? some super owl dude break Rorschach outta prison . gang leader Rorschach ? that fool put my cousin in a wheelchair gang member 2 you say nite owl break he out ? do not he write a book or something ? he life over a garage near here . gang leader do he now int . hollis mason's apartment - bedroom - night hollis sit up in bed , tv on : CNN ; grainy , shaky clip of the owl - ship . he 's on the phone , beam . hollis it 's just like old time , sal . nite owl and silk spectre back at it again . CUT to : Sally Jupiter on the other end in California , watch the same footage . sally I always know Laurie have it in she . sorry for waking you , hollis . hollis I may be retire from the costume , but my sleep habit have never change . there 's a knock at hollis 's door . hollis ( cont 'd ) who -- there 's someone at the door . it might be Dan and Laurie - - they may need help . I better go . hollis hang up , head to the door , excited . he open the door -- -- and the gang member pile into he . the picture slow down . hollis turn , mouth bleed . hollis ' Pov be sepia toned . the gang appear as a collection of villain in costume . slow , sepia : a young hollis be in he old costume . the voice come from the present , while hollis be lose in the past . ( continued ) 91 . continued : in he slo - mo world , hollis pastes at villain in the mouth -- in reality , he get nail . this intercutte continue until the gang leader pick up the gold statue of hollis in costume whose base read : in gratitude gang member 1 hold on , derf , be you sure this be the right guy - - he , he 's just a old man . gang leader then I be probably do he a favor . hollis , old again , look up . the shadow of the statue descend hard toward he face --go black . int . owl - ship ( underwater - moving ) - night the owl - ship move slowly through the water . rorschach I hate this . how long be we go to stay down here ? Daniel ! Dan say nothing . Rorschach put on he costume . rorschach ( cont 'd ) you be let fear paralyze you . and that woman -- dan hey ! we take enough unnecessary risk bring archie up so you could get you spare costume . we stay put until it cool down out there -- they're look for we . rorschach unnecessary ? cower in the sludge , from the authority , that 's unnecessary . Rorschach pull he mask on , turn . rorschach ( cont 'd ) while we waste time , the mask - killer get closer . we need to get to pyramid industry . Dan sit at the computer . dan I know , you tell I already . I be tapping into all the database , find out about the company -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : rorschach sitting at a computer ? no . we need to trace the killer -- hit up underworld contact , squeeze people . you have forget how we do thing . you have be lazing around too long . dan listen , I have have it ! who the hell do you think you be ? you live off people while insulting they , and no one complain because they think you be a goddamn lunatic ! Dan turn away , shaking . he lean against the console . dan ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I should not have say that . maybe you be right , maybe - - rorschach daniel Dan turn . Rorschach hold out a open hand . rorschach ( cont 'd ) you be a good friend . I be sorry that it be sometimes difficult with I . touched , Dan shake he hand . a awkward , lovely moment . dan hey forget it it 's okay , man . releasing he hand with some effort , Dan sit , invigorate . dan ( cont 'd ) you be right . it 's time to head up . ext . owl - ship ( moving ) - harbor - night the owl - ship burst through the surface of the water dan ( v.0 . ) let 's really start plumbing the depth . ext . mar - night jon lead Laurie into the Glass Palace . ( continued ) 93. continued : dr . manhattan we conversation commence when you surprise I with the information that you and dreiberg have be sleep together . laurie you . know about I and Dan ? dr . manhattan not yet . but in a few moment , you be go to tell I . laurie jon , I be have enough problem right now without get into you predestination crap . dr . manhattan why do my perception of time distress you so ? laurie because . if you already know the future , why be you surprised when I leave you , or when that reporter ambush you ? why even debate if you already know the outcome ? dr . manhattan because everything be pre-ordained . even my response . laurie agh ! this be so typical of you ! do you know what a relief it be to be with somebody human , like Dan ? dr . manhattan you mean you be sleep with Dan dreiberg ? contemplate this , he step to the balcony 's edge . laurie but you already know . you say -- dr . manhattan I say , often , that you be my only remain link with the world . now that link be shattered . do not you see the futility of ask I to save a world that I no longer have any stake in ? ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) laurie that 's ridiculous . the Earth be too important to hinge on one relationship . dr . manhattan not to I . my red world here mean more to I than you blue one . I will show you around if you like . the giant Glass Palace begin to rumble . laurie be you do this ? I be not in the mood for joke . dr . manhattan nor i. believe I , I fully understand the gravity of the situation . the clockwork Glass Palace rise high into the AIR ext . pyramid industries - night the owl - ship approach the large warehouse building that be pyramid industry . the ship land in the alley nearby . Dan and Rorschach exit the ship . Shady neighborhood . Rorschach go to the door which be ajar int . pyramid industries - hallway - night Dan and Rorschach slowly make they way down , peer into room . the place look abandon -- scattered papers , dusty file cabinet , leftover computer component rorschach you sure this be the correct location , Daniel ? dan positive . pyramid industry . specialize in industrial plastic . at least they do . int . pyramid industries - processing plant - night they enter the large , dark industrial section of the building . they pass huge processing vat , conveyor belt . ( continued ) 95 . continued : dan I tapped into all the database -- tax record , business registry , real estate record -- try to get a bead on who 's behind pyramid but it 's a never end paper trail . Rorschach investigate ahead when Dan catch some movement -- -- he turn he flashlight to find a few homeless people squatting in the warehouse . upon see Dan in .costume , the homeless people run away . rorschach Daniel . dan they be harmless , Rorschach . rorschach Daniel . Rorschach be look down at something . Dan head over and see a dead body in the early stage of decomposition . he turn the body over -- bullet between the eye just like moloch . but we recognize the corpse - - it 's journalist Doug roth . dan hey , I know this man . rorschach yes . Doug roth . journalist who grill Dr. Manhattan on national television . dan no I do not watch that interview . this be the guy who be do a story on adrian when I go to see he . rorschach hmm . journalist set up Dr. Manhattan , be probably work to set up veidt also . Dan stand there think . as if hit with a epiphany . he open he mouth like he can not believe what he 's go to say . dan Rorschach . what , what if it 's adrian ? rorschach veidt ? behind everything ? make no sense . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) dan on the surface it do not , but hear I out -- adrian 's the only one who could have take on the comedian in hand to hand combat . he 's the only one with the finances to create a entire company for the sole purpose of set up Dr. Manhattan . and adrian be directly involved in arrange that broadcast . he probably supply this journalist with the whole cancer list . rorschach that do not explain the attempt on veidt 's life . dan if we say that adrian set that up himself , he could have have the hitman shoot he assistant first . it be a risk , but -- rorschach but why ? dan I do not know . let 's go ask he . ext . antarctica - night the endless white blanket that be Antarctica be interrupt by a splash of color in the distance . as we approach , we see that the color be a bio - dome --a tropical rainforest inside . this be part of karnak : adrian veidt 's Arctic fortress . int . karnak - bio - dome - night adrian stand at the entrance of the bio-dome , amidst the exotic foliage , where a group of scientist and engineer be gather . they all hold champagne flute -- adrian raise he glass for a toast when the head scientist interrupt . head scientist Mr. veidt , may I ? adrian by all mean , Eric . head scientist I just would like to say that when I be first offer this position , I be hesitant . a multi-year commitment to work in Antarctica ? ( more ) ( continued ) 97 . continued : head scientist ( cont 'd ) but the opportunity to experiment with Dr. Manhattan 's atomic fusion energy be too great for I to pass up , too great for any of we to pass up . and now that we work be finish , and we finally get to go home , I can say that it be all worth it . Mr. veidt , you be a genius . the world will be a better place because of you . adrian I certainly hope so . the group applaud . then they sip they champagne . all except for adrian the group go around congratulate each other , when suddenly the head scientist collapse , choke . the other surround he , try to help -- -- when one by one they each start collapse themselves -- poisoned by the champagne . adrian regards they all , writhe on the floor , and leave . ext . pyramid industries - night in the alley , the gang member who kill hollis mason stand around the owl - ship argue amongst themselves , when Dan appear behind they . dan something I can help you with , boy ? they all spin around , frighten at the costume . gang member 1 ( to gang leader ) I tell you we have the wrong guy . the gang leader shit he pants as Dan step closer . gang leader l-listen , I do not mean to kill that old guy . thing just get outta hand dan what old guy ? ext . pyramid industries - moment later hear scream outside , Rorschach burst out of the warehouse -- ( continued ) 98 . continued : -- and see Dan grip the bloody gang leader by the throat , choking he as the other gang member flee . dan you be dead ! you and the rest of you gang , you be all dead ! you know how much fire - power I have get float out there !? oh god damn . hollis . God damn god damn god damn Dan begin to break up . Rorschach quietly pull he away . rorschach not now , Daniel . ext . CITY street - early morning the owl - ship slow to a hover besides a older build . rorschach ( v.0 . ) Rorschach 's Journal . final entry ? dreiberg be convinced that veidt be behind everything . apparently , the owl- ship be capable of the trip to Antarctica , but be we ? I can not imagine a more dangerous opponent . veldt be faster than dreiberg and myself . he use to joke that he be fast enough to catch a bullet . I believe he could . he could kill we both , alone in ' the snow . no one would know . Rorschach descend the ladder , go to the door of the building . he place he journal in a envelope . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I have do my best to make this legible . whether I be alive or dead upon this read , know that whatever the nature of this conspiracy -- adrian veldt be responsible . he drop the envelope into the mail slot , climb back up the ladder . rorschach ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I appreciate you recent support and hope the world survive long enough for this to reach you . for my own part , I regret nothing . I have live my life free of compromise , and step now into the shadow without complaint . Rorschach . October 21st . ( continued ) 99 . continued : Rorschach disappear into the dark hatch . the owl - ship blast off . disappear , just as seymour arrive . seymour pick up the mail and walk inside . int . the new frontiersman - early morning the editor walk in as seymour go through the mail . editor seymour ! be that dulmage 's editorial cartoon ? seymour it 's the mail . hey cool , someone send we they journal . ( reading ) " earlier today I come across what appear to be a suicide . it be later learn to be a homicide . someone 's time be up . " editor War 's come , seymour -- I do not wanna hear some knob 's life story ! Chuck it in the crank file ! seymour toss Rorschach 's journal into a pile of letter . ext . glass palace - mar - night Laurie 's hair blow in the cold wind . she lower she head . jon serve she some water . laurie can not you just tell I how this all end and save we the trouble ? dr . manhattan it end with you in tear . laurie tear . you mean I lose ? you do not come back to Earth ? dr . manhattan I return to Earth at some point . the street be fill with death . laurie you mean there 's go to be a war ? a actual , nuclear war ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : dr . manhattan I can not be sure . I be still experience some static interference prevent any clear vision of what lie ahead . laurie static ? dr . manhattan tachyon particle . tachyon be a rare occurrence . the detonation of nuclear warhead could conceivably be the cause . laurie jon , you have get to stop it ! everyone will die ! dr . manhattan and the universe will not even notice . see the dual moon . be not they breathtaking ? above , two moons cross overhead . one be huge , crimson red , the smaller be a delicate shell pink . spectacular . laurie you be right , jon -- what do human life matter next to a , a neutrino . look , I be not go to debate you when you clearly do not see anything terribly miraculous about life . I guess quantum physics do not allow for miracle . dr . manhattan no , thermodynamic miracle be -- laurie oh God , jon. land this thing . now . dr . manhattan on the argyre planitia ? as you wish . the structure descend . Laurie stomp down the stair . laurie that 's it then . you can send I back to Earth to fry with Dan and my Mom and all the other worthless human . and look , you be wrong . you say this end with I in tear and see ? not a damp eye in the house . maybe you be wrong about everything . ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) jon be wait for she at the bottom of the stair . dr . manhattan Laurie . you complain that I refuse to see life on life 's term . and yet you continuously refuse to see thing from my perspective . if only you would try to see the whole continuum , life 's pattern , you would understand . but you deliberately shut it out as if afraid to see . laurie I be not afraid , okay ? you want I to see thing you way ? go ahead , do that thing you do . she stand there , arm fold , wait . then , just like earlier in the lab , jon touch she head -- int . jupiter house - night ( flashback - 25 year ago ) same flashback as before , in Laurie 's childhood home . we be in Laurie 's Pov , as a little girl . there 's argue downstairs . Laurie go down to investigate . she come upon the kitchen door , ajar . she can see she parent inside , argue . sally you want to hear it , so I be tell you , okay ?. Magic ! dream ! that 's what I have before . I be a hero goddammit ! laurie' father it 's not my fault you get old ! what do you have to complain about ?! I be put food on the table for you and you child . why do not you give you friend Eddie a call ? maybe he can give you a better life ! sally it be a mistake - - one time ! be I never -- and then they notice Laurie look at they . laurie mommy ? sally oh . oh , Laurie ( continued ) 102 . continued : tear run down little Laurie 's face . her parent be horrified -- int . glass palace - mar - night -- Laurie break away from ion and drop down to she knee , tear flow . laurie no . no , no , no , no not he dr . manhattan the comedian be you father . laurie but he -- dr . manhattan attack you mother . yes. ( search in he mind ) two year later he come back to she , to make amend . and you be conceive on that day . laurie no !! I Laurie whip a bottle at the palace -- -- and the huge glass construction crumble . jon protect they with a force field as debris collapse around they . Laurie sob in the echoing silence . jon 's eye shut . he seem to feel . empathy . a tear slip down he cheek . Laurie 's realization be a revelation for ion . laurie ( cont 'd ) the comedian be my father . I guess my life be just one big joke . dr . manhattan I do not think you life be a joke . laurie well , of course you be go to say that . dr . manhattan but I have change my mind . there be miracle in you world that be worth preserve . laurie what ? but you be say -- ( continued ) 103 . continued : dr . manhattan I try to explain . thermodynamic miracle -- event with odd against so astronomical , like oxygen turn into gold . I have long to witness such a thing and yet I neglect that in human coupling , million upon million of cell compete to create life over generation after generation : until finally , you mother love a man-- Edward blake , the comedian - - a man she have every reason to hate . and out of that contradiction , against unfathomable odd , it be you , only you , that emerge . to distill so specific a form from all of that chaos ; you creation be like . turn air into gold . a miracle . laurie but if my birth be a miracle you , you could say that about anyone . dr . manhattan yes , anyone in the world . but the world be so crowded with miracle that they become commonplace and we forget . I forget . they stand there in silence . connect for the first time in year . dr . manhattan ( cont 'd ) now . dry you eye . from above : we see the full crater -- the argyre planitia . round , with two , eye-like boulder set side by side , a ridge of land curling below . like a smiley - face . dr . manhattan ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and let 's go home . ext . antarctica - dawn the owl - ship sail through a towering cloud bank . the coast approach as snow start to fall . int . owl - ship ( moving ) - dawn Dan stare ahead , stoic . think about hollis , Laurie and adrian . he glance at a monitor , tracking heat signature . there 's a large signal ahead . ( continued ) 104 . continued : dan I have get a large read ahead . anything that 's emit that much heat out here , must be a pretty big facility . adrian . ( beat ) we be not go to make it , be we ? Rorschach say nothing . when a halting whine sputter from the engine . a huge cliff appear before they . rorschach the engine -- dan they be icing up , hold on ! Dan pull the stick back . the ship shudder upward . ext . antarctica - dawn the ship , tiny before the massive ice- wall , climb slowly . it 's go to be close . the wall be 100 yard away now , the top -most edge barely in view . 50 yard . 20 and then silence -- dan we just lose the engine -- find something to grab on to ! the ship barely clear the cliff . bouncing hard , it skip across the snow like a stone , finally crashing into a drift . int . owl - ship - dawn Dan open the hatch . shriek wind blow the snow in . Dan pull on a white , fur - line snow - owl costume . dan the engine be de-ice . you sure I can not fit you with something warmer ? rorschach Fine like this . ext . owl - ship - dawn Rorschach pull up he trench - collar against the bitter wind . Dan pull two stand -up hover-scooters from a outside hatch . they exchange a look and ride the scooter off into the snow . 105 . int . karnak - control hall - dawn adrian , dress in he Ozymandias costume , sit alone in the massive hall , opposite a wall of giant plasma -screen which show various television news channel show all the image of war in the world . adrian sigh and hit the remote -- the screen become one image --alexander the great slice the gordian knot . by adrian 's foot be a exotic LYNX . its unnatural beauty almost hide a feral danger in its eye . adrian pet the beast . adrian see this painting ? Alexander the great . before he conquest of phoenicia , he strike North for gordium , where the world 's great puzzle wait . a great knot , impossible to untie . for a young man determine to rule the world , it be a challenge he could not resist . so he slice it in two with he sword . lateral think , you see . suddenly the lynx stand , growls . adrian ( cont 'd ) what be it , girl ? he hit the remote -- the tv screen switch to multiple view of Dan and Rorschach , head toward karnak . adrian ( cont 'd ) ah . it 's all right , girl . everything 's all right . ext . antarctica - snowfield - dawn Flying on the scooter , Dan wipe frost and fog from he goggle . he then look up and -- -- see karnak , a gargantuan glass pyramid , rise out of the snow , the bio- dome attach to it . int . karnak - control hall - dawn adrian watch Dan and Rorschach reach the door on the monitor . ( continued ) 106 . continued : adrian really , get even this far be a admirable effort , give they limitation . of course the ice they be skate on be slippery and thin than it look . let 's hope they do not overstep themselves . on the monitor , Dan take a laser torch to the door . adrian ( cont 'd ) let 's hope they know when to stop . int . karnak - dawn have burnt through the control panel , Dan push the huge door open . they enter the grand palace , dwarf by its macedonian massiveness . dan jesus ( beat ) I do not understand any of this . adrian 's a pacifist . he 's never kill anyone in he life . he 's a vegetarian for Christ 's sake ! rorschach Hitler be a vegetarian . if you be squeamish , leave he to I . we will not get a second chance . int . karnak - control hall - dawn Dan and Rorschach pass the wall of plasma screen into -- int . dine hall - continuous -- the dining hall , where adrian eat alone , at a long table . though they be only a few yard away , adrian do not appear to see they , hide by some pillar . Dan and Rorschach signal to each other , quiet . adrian eat -- -- and Rorschach rush he from behind -- -- adrian move at the last second , grab Rorschach 's arm , elbow he in the chest , spin and backhand fist he , send he fly back . adrian mind you manners . ( continued ) 107 . continued : Dan draw he pen-laser . dan adrian , do not make I -- adrian pick up a golden serving tray off the table as Dan fire . adrian deflect the laser with the tray -- -- then discus - sling the tray into Dan 's nose . blood sprays , Dan drop to he knee . adrian turn he back on they , calm . adrian now . what can I do for you ? dan you know ! you kill the comedian ! you set up Rorschach ! you create pyramid industry , hire all that people , give they cancer and blame it on jon ! adrian yes . dan dammit adrian , what be you try to do ? adrian what we always intend -- to improve the world . as adrian speak , Rorschach sneak up behind he , with a fork . he try to stab adrian in the back , but adrian effortlessly dodge the blow , grab Rorschach 's mask , twist it , then knee he in the gut . Rorschach drop to the floor . adrian start walk out of the hall . Dan help Rorschach up and they follow . adrian ( cont 'd ) I never intend to kill the comedian - - that be a accident . part of he duty as a government operative be to keep track of all former mask heroes , make sure there be no rock of the boat . he must have like Rorschach because he allow he to continue to exist . I have think that the comedian might be incompetent , but he disprove that hypothesis when he discover what be really go on . here in karnak - - no easy task . even my staff be unaware -- I make sure to keep each department separate . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . continued : ( 2 ) adrian ( cont 'd ) the comedian be appal by my plan , but still , he understand the scope of what I be try to accomplish . frankly , I never think he would actually talk . but by the time he visit poor moloch , he be crack badly . so I have to kill he . int . control hall - continuous as they enter the control hall , Rorschach move to attack adrian again when he and Dan hear a growl . the lynx step in between , protect its master . adrian after blake , I neutralize jon - - a plan nearly a decade in the work after analyze confidential psychological profile which predict he withdrawal from human existence . by then , Rorschach 's mask theory , ' though erroneous , need to be address , so I fake my own assassination -- dan why take that risk ? what if the hitman shot you first instead of you assistant ? adrian I suppose I would have to be fast enough to catch the bullet then , would not I ? adrian smile enigmatically . adrian ( cont 'd ) after apprehend my own assassin , I shove a cyanide capsule in he mouth , dispose of he , and soon after that , the journalist Doug roth , tie up all the loose end if you will . then I know nothing stand in the way of my triumph . dan triumph ? adrian , what be you go to do ? adrian I be fire a beam of concentrate energy , synthesize from Dr. Manhattan himself , into the heart of nine key region around the globe , crossing all traditional politics and ideology ; ( more ) ( continued ) 109 . continued : adrian ( cont 'd ) Paris , Tehran , Kashmir , Beijing , Taiwan , pyongy , London , Jerusalem , New York - - destroy approximately three million people . dan Three million people ? you be joke . rorschach he 's not . listen to he voice . dan Rorschach , he 's make it up ! adrian I understand you disbelief , Dan . when I begin the plan ten year ago , my moral safeguard give I pause at the necessary sacrifice . see , the comedian be correct . what we be do with the Watchmen be pointless -- the savage nature of humankind would inevitably lead to the end of the world . so in order to save the world , I have to trick it -- to frighten the world towards salvation with history 's great practical joke . dan by kill million of people ? and when be you plan on do this ? adrian when ? Dan , my dear friend , I be the smartest man in the world -- do you seriously think I would explain my master stroke if there remain even the slight chance of you affect it 's outcome ? ( beat ) I do it thirty minute ago . ext . karnak - antarctica - morning a beam of blue ENERGY shoot into the sky from karnak . the energy infect the cloud , charge with crashing , erratic blue lightning spread out across the globe ext . news stand - morning as the News vendor open he stand -- dr . manhattan ( v.0 . ) people of the world ... 110 . int . white house - conference room - same time the President and he cabinet look out the window , up at the electric blue cloud dr . manhattan this be dr . manhattan . for year , I have watched humanity barrel ignorantly down the path to destruction . ext . kashmir - same time we be with the pakistani and indian Soldiers from earlier , stop they gun fight to look up at the sky -- dr . manhattan ( v.0 . ) ( in Hindi ) this end tonight . ext . taiwan coast - same time we be with the chinese battleship from earlier -- dr . manhattan ( v.0 . ) ( in mandarin ) from this minute on , you shall change you policy and you way of violence - int . missile control room - same time we be with the Israelis from earlier , watch on screen -- dr . manhattan ( v.0 . ) ( in Hebrew ) any nation that doe not immediately stand down and dismantle there weapon arsenal , shall be destroyed . ext . time square - night realization be dawn on the face of the New yorker . dr . manhattan ( v.0 . ) from this minute on --i will be watching . suddenly the SOUND of a rise , howling wind and the lightning strike begin , crashing to earth with savage , blister force . they expend blue energy spread like liquid FIRE , flooding through the street . people scream and run . as the light overtake the unlucky one , they be instantly blown to ash -- ( continued ) continued : ( world montage ) : -- as be the News vendor ; the pakistani and indian Soldiers ; the chinese battleship ; the israeli missile Control room ; Paris ; the great Wall of China . destroy . ext . new york STREET - morning the smoke - fill street be silent . then glowing particle coalesce , slamm together to form jon and Laurie , but jon 's teleportation falter , short out . they fall from the air . Laurie drop roughly to she knee . laurie God jon , what be that ? jon look around the street . even he be awe-struck . dr . manhattan interference . cataclysmic interference . Laurie look up and scream . thousand of black silhouettes be imprinted on the STREET and the wall . everywhere . there be no rubble -- some building have simply disintegrated . laurie be it a war ? it do not seem like -- dr . manhattan not a war . I .do not know what it be . Dr. Manhattan look up into the sky , study it . laurie take I out of here , jon. please . dr . manhattan I be sorry . this must be very upsetting for you . I have trace the source of the tachyon particle to Antarctica . shall we ? laurie anywhere . anywhere 's better than here . int . karnak - control hall - morning pull out from : the television -- news report from all over the world , document the tragic destruction cause by Dr. Manhattan . Dan turn away shake . Rorschach boil . adrian beam . dan god. God , he ( continued ) 112 . continued : rorschach impersonate Dr. Manhattan . murdered million of people . ( be : lynx ) call off you cat . call off you cat and face I ! adrian do not you understand ? I have end the war -- I have end all war . because of they fear of ion , I have force the world into everlast peace . dan by commit the biggest mass murder in history . you have no right to play God ! adrian I be not play god. just Dr. Manhattan . suddenly there 's a loud beeping in the hall . the lynx growl . adrian switch the monitor to the security camera which show ion and Laurie materialize in the snow . adrian ( cont 'd ) speak of the devil . ext . karnak - same time Laurie vomit in the snow . dr . manhattan adrian , of course . who else would have the resource laurie wait , this be adrian 's compound ? be you say he 's responsible for this -- jon walk toward the building , entrance . distract . dr . manhattan yes . yes , he kill blake and million of other . Excuse I , Daniel , I be talk to Laurie ninety second ago laurie what , Daniel ? million of other ? jon do not start that crap now , not here ! ( continued ) 113 . continued : dr . manhattan I be sorry . it 's this tachyon . they be , muddle thing up . I would better follow he inside in a burst , he 's go . int . karnak - control hall - continuous jon materialize in the hall . adrian sprint like lighten , out of the room , follow by the lynx . rorschach no , do not let he escape ! dan jon , stop he , he kill million of people , who know what else he will do . jon walk calmly after adrian . dan ( cont 'd ) jon , be you okay ? you seem drugge . dr . manhattan yes . yes , he kill blake and million of other . Excuse I , Daniel , I be talk to Laurie ninety second ago dan what ? where 's Laurie ? dr . manhattan I be sorry . it 's this tachyon . they be , muddle thing up . I would better follow he inside jon follow adrian into the next room . int . reactor chamber - continuous jon enter the maze of advanced technology . dr . manhattan adrian , do not be foolish . even if I can not predict where I be go to find you , I can turn the wall to glass . the tachyon be clever but it 's time to give up jon spot the lynx in a metal corridor . ( continued ) 114 . continued : dr . manhattan ( cont 'd ) very well . if I must , let we follow this through to the bitter end . on the other side of the wall be adrian , wait by a control panel . he take one last look at he lynx . adrian forgive I , girl . jon enter the corridor with the lynx ; adrian flick a switch . the lynx ' fur stand on end as ENERGY crackle between the metal wall . the lynx howl . dr . manhattan adrian ? adrian , do not -- light blast through jon and the lynx -- both be obliterated . adrian peer around the corner , wind by he success . adrian you know , I really be not sure that would work . laurie ( o.s. ) adrian -- adrian turn . Laurie aim the prison guard 's pistol at he . laurie ( cont 'd ) you be such a asshole . adrian cry out , leap at she as she fire -- -- and hit adrian . he collapse . Dan and Rorschach find they as Laurie approach adrian 's body dan Laurie , shoot he again ! adrian 's hand fall from he chest to the floor , blood trickle , as he palm open -- -- hold a bullet inside . laurie oh shit . adrian open he eye and kick she in the stomach , send she fly back . ( continued ) 115 . continued : ( 2 ) dan laurie ! if you have hurt she , I will -- adrian oh dan. grow up . adrian exit as Dan help the wind Laurie to she foot . together , Rorschach , Dan and Laurie follow he back to : int . karnak - control hall - morning adrian approach he wall of tv screen when -- dr . manhattan ( o.s . ) I am disappointed in you adrian . very disappointed . jon , now 100 feet tall , smashes through the wall . adrian crawl desperately away , grasp for he remote on the floor . as jon approach he , jon shrink to six foot . dr . manhattan ( cont 'd ) Restructuring myself be the first trick I learn ! it do not kill I before , do you seriously think it would kill I now ? you be nothing but a man . and the world 's smartest man mean no more to I than its smartest termite ! out of trick , out of trap , adrian lift the remote . dr . manhattan ( cont 'd ) what be that , adrian ? some new , ultimate weapon ? adrian yes . yes , you could say that . adrian go back to he wall of screen , watch the news report . we hear SOUND bite and image : " India and Pakistan immediately call for truce , " " China stand down , " " US withdraw force , " " Israel agree on cease fire . " tear stand in adrian 's eye . he raise he fist in triumph . adrian ( cont 'd ) I do it . I did it ! I have save Earth from Hell . next , I will elevate she to the vaulting stature of Heaven . laurie next ? you can not get away with this ! ( continued ) 116 . continued : adrian no ? will you expose I , undoing the peace so many have just die for ? morally , you be in checkmate , just like the comedian be . jon examine the many screen , take it all in . dr . manhattan I be afraid he 's correct . expose adrian would only doom the world to nuclear destruction again . dan he 's right . all we do be fail to stop he from save Earth . laurie we we can not say anything about this ? rorschach you be joke , of course . Rorschach walk toward the exit . dan Rorschach , wait a second ! let 's talk this out ! rorschach never . not even in the face of armageddon . never compromise . adrian and jon 's eye meet -- a unspoken communication . see this , Dan run after Rorschach . dan Rorschach ! across the hall , ion materialize between Rorschach and the exit . dr . manhattan where be you go , Rorschach ? rorschach back to the owl - ship . back to America . people must be tell . evil must be punish . ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . manhattan Rorschach , you know I can not let you do that . Rorschach pause . Dan be halfway there . Rorschach remove he mask , tear stand in he eye . rorschach suddenly you have rediscover humanity ? if you have care from the start , none of this would be necessary . none of this would have happen . so what be you wait for ? do it . dan no wait ! rorschach do it !!!! jon wave he hand and blows rorschach apart . Dan collapse to he knee , sobbing . jon contemplate the burn -mark where Rorschach stand only second ago , then disappear -- -- reappearing across the hall where Laurie be . she be also in tear , watch all the horrible footage on the tv screen . dr . manhattan Laurie . I be leave this galaxy . for one a little less complicated . laurie leave ? I , I think you regain a interest in human life . dr . manhattan I have . I think maybe I will create some . Goodbye , Laurie . he kiss she on the cheek -- adrian jon , I would hope to talk to you . I have make myself feel every death , see every innocent face I have murder to save humanity -- you understand , do not you ? dr . manhattan without condon or condemn , I understand and with that , he disappear . forever . ( continued ) 118 . continued : ( 3 ) across the hall , Dan recover from mourn Rorschach . he stand , gritting he tooth . walk toward adrian . adrian what 's on you mind , Dan ? dan you death . adrian really . you want to kill I ? dan yeah . you might have create peace , but not at the expense of justice . you need to pay for what you have do . adrian that do not sound like you , Dan . that sound more like Rorschach . dan exactly . adrian ready himself . Laurie break away from the tv screen . adrian only you be not Rorschach , be you now ? how do you expect to succeed where he fail ? dan tell you the truth , adrian . I do not . Dan fly at adrian , fight like a madman for he life . his fight style have change . Dan 's newfound brutality be inform by everything he 's learn from Rorschach . about justice . about life . but adrian be the best . he take Dan 's attack apart with ease , deliver blow which would kill a man not quite so focus on he goal . in the end , he catch Dan 's final strike and twist . Dan 's arm snap easily . laurie Dan ! Laurie charge adrian . with one hand , adrian block she attack , grab she by the hair and slam she to floor , knock she out . ( continued ) 119 . continued : ( 4 ) Dan fall to he knee , bloody and beat . out of trick , out of time , he search he belt for something , anything , and find one last owl - wing . the wing SNAP out . desperate , he flick it at adrian -- who merely snatch the owl - wing out of the air . he laugh . prepare to finish Dan off . adrian I have to say , I have always think you choice of a owl be quite juvenile . dan really ? I have always like owl adrian see that Dan have pull one last item from he belt . adrian step on Dan 's wrist , bone crunching . Dan 's hand fall OPEN , revealing the owl -ship remote . dan ( cont 'd ) because you can never hear they come . behind adrian : floodlights blaze , target adrian as the owl - ship crash through the window and into adrian and Dan . silence , but for the tinkling of glass fall to the floor . Dan try to stand , but he fall , he leave leg shattered . most of adrian have be crushed under the ship . he cough a fine blood spray . adrian look over to Dan , die . adrian I . do not regret my action . I know in my heart . I do the right thing . dan so do i. adrian lay back , calm , accept and die . int . owl - ship - morning Dan sit painfully in the passenger seat , as Laurie try to pilot the ship out of adrian 's bedroom . dan that 's it . careful . now , pull the stick to the leave the ship rise and turn awkwardly in the hall , smash out more glass . ( continued ) 120 continued : dan ( cont 'd ) now , the thruster . there . she hit the thruster . the ship fly from the control room . it 's afterburner igniting the room , and adrian 's body . ext . antarctica - morning the owl - ship rise into the sky , the pyramid of karnak blazing from it 's tip like a Roman candle . Dan watch out the window , until he eye slip shut ext . new york street - morning ( some time later ) time have pass . the disintegrated building be be rebuilt . the shock of the attack be wear off , and though the street may not be as crowded as they once be , a sense of normalcy be return . Sally Jupiter walk the sidewalk , look for a address . int . dan and laurie' townhouse - morning Sally mix herself a tall drink at the bar . Sally call out : sally you sure you do not want a drink ? laurie ( o.s. ) I be okay . thanks . we finally see Laurie now -- she hair dyed , appearance change . laurie ( cont 'd ) Mom -- I just want to get this out of the way . . I know Eddie blake , the comedian -- I know he be my father . Sally freeze . laurie ( cont 'd ) I remember . Sally downs she drink , immediately start make another . sally it , it be year later , he stop by out of the blue , and , and apologize . I do not know , I just could not stay mad . it just happen -- Laurie kiss she mother 's teary cheek . ( continued ) 121 . continued : laurie Mom . people 's life take they strange place . you never do anything wrong by I . Sally jump as a click / whir SOUND come from a bookcase . sally what the hell be that ? laurie oh that 's Dan . Home from " work . " the bookcase slide aside and a blond dan enter from the secret elevator . he be trim and confident , cheek flushed with color . buttone up he shirt , he spot Sally . dan oh hi. sally hello , Dan . Excuse I , I should clean up . Sally wipe she runny make - up , go to the bathroom . Dan and Laurie embrace , kiss . laurie any bad guy last night ? dan there be always bad guy . even in today 's world . slow , Laurie turn to the window . look out at the New York skyline be rebuilt . laurie Dan . dan hmm ? laurie will it be alright ? the world , I mean . he put he arm around she shoulder . dan as long as no - one ever find out that adrian be behind it all , the public will think ion be still up there , watch . ( more ) ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 2 ) dan ( cont 'd ) the threat remain , and everything should be fine . laurie yeah . just fine int . the new frontiersman - day close on : a yellow happy face -- suddenly splotched with red -- print on a t-shirt now stain with ketchup . we pull back : and find seymour wear the shirt , eat a burger when the editor burst in . editor seymour ! what the hell do you get for I ? seymour uh editor we get nothing to write about . everyone in the country , every country in the world be hold hand now , sing song about peace and love - - it 's like we be live in a goddamn global hippie commune ! seymour um , I guess I can look for stuff in the crank file . editor crank file ? whatever ! take some initiative ! run whatever you like -- seymour turn to the pile of submission know as the crank file , where rorschach's journal sit on top . seymour reach -- editor ( cont 'd ) -- I leave it entirely in you hand . -- and pick up Rorschach 's Journal . just as he 's about to open it , we CUT to black . the end