waterworld a original screenplay by Peter rader Polished second revision July 4 , 1991 the tattoo of the girl from water' end a title card : the warming Age begin after the great thaw of the cold War . free market heat up and the ice cap slowly melt , Little by little , the globe become one seamless ocean . the survivor scavenge raft , buoy , anything that could float . as hope of find Water 's end slowly fade , sweet water become scarce and the war begin anew . fade in : the earth the round blue planet as see from space . a familiar image , but something about it be different . there be no continent . no land whatsoever . only water . nothing but water . we begin moving in on the blue globe . descend into it , as if on a spaceship . closer and closer . now the screen be fill with blueness . dissolve to : the ocean a sweeping panorama of wave kiss by the golden halo of sunrise . sublime and balmy . not a vessel in sight . we begin to pan along the gently curving horizon . empty ocean in every direction . now , at the end of we 360° pan , we finally reveal : '' oasis . '' a float comminity . several dozen vessel of all shape and size tie together -- bow to stern -- ina large ring . they be connect by plank and bridge . we move closer . there be boat of every description -- tug , trawler , chinese junk , river barge . most be simply '' houseboat " for the various family , but other seem to be rig for communal need like the '' barterboat " with its electricity - generate windmill , the " schoolboat " which double as a chapel , and the " vegetable barge , '' where row of bizarre - look hybrid seaweed be grow in special hydroponic tank . in the water - near a sloop . a angelic , though impish girl of twelve be scraping barnacle from the hull , collect they in a basket . this be enola . she grab a fat one and suck out the meat . voice enola ... lunchtime ! helen , a strike if somewhat intense young woman in she late twenty , approach the rail and look down at enola in the water . helen I make a kelp salad . continued : ( cont . } enola we always have kelp salad . helen it 's good for you . enola I be not hungry . helen have you be eat that barnacle again ? that be for later . come on , dolphin . enola make a face and climb up the rope ladder with she basket of barmacy . helen have set the table under a canopy with clam shell and other scavenge china . she dry off enola with a towel and begin to oil she body with whale blubber . enola be squirming and fidget . helen stop that . do you want to turn red like a lobster ? helen take some flesh color - powder from a small urn and mix it with the 011 , make a paste . she begin to apply the paste to enola 's leave shoulder , conceal a a small - round tattoo . it be crescent - shape with a triangular nick in the concave be . - enola why do you have to do that every time ? I like to see it . helen so do every trader that ever drift past we . I do not want you look different from any other kid . besides , it keep it from fade . enola it do not mean anything , anyway . helen someday you will remember ... just then , enola notice something bounce over the rail onto the deck -- be that a fly fish ? no , wait ... it 's walk over to she . her jaw drop , eye go wide . enola look ! t helen glance over -- it 's a bird ! helen oh , my God . it can not be ... they move over towards the bird which coo nervously and back away . helen reach out smoothly and pick it up . continued : ( cont . ) helen do you remember ever see one ? enola I have see they in my dream . they smile at each cther . just then , a loud go resound three time across the water . helen 's expression become grim . the lookout post . High up in the tallest crow 's nest , a lookout repeat the three go warning , gaze out to sea with he spyglass . lookout ocall down ) approaching fleet !! east -south-east . on helen . she grab enola 's hand . helen let 's go . aerial angle . a panoramic overview . we see men and women of '' Oasis '' scramble into a well - rehearse routine . helen and enola race ._ up - and-down across the plank that connect the boat towards a central platform where many people be gather . a man be pass out weapon . another be round up the child . the platform . helen approach a tough -look woman with short spike hair . this be angel , she sister . helen hold up the bird . angel Jesus . other people move in for a look , crowd around with stunne expression . troy , a boy of sixteen , look on in wonder troy what 's that ?? helen it 's call a bird . man they swim through the air . we must be near Water 's end ... that ' 's where that thing come from . rodney , a nervous man with frighten eye , push he way to the front . rodney great timing !! we be about to be slaughter ... continued : ( cont . } helen do not say that ! we have to win , that 's all . we can not let they find it before we ! how many time have we rehearse for this ? we be gonna give they the fight of they life ... voice yeah !! helen that 's right . we be tough ... ( hold up the bird ) and now we have some extra incentive !! everybody cheer , wave they gun and makeshift weapon . angel let 's kick some pirate butt !! CUT to : a few mile away . the approach fleet shoot ahead , full - throttle -- a mean assembly of pirate on craft of every description . the charge be lead by men on attack aqua-cycle , they handle bar outfit with swivelling 25 mm gun . behind they in tight formation , be the '' infantry , '' a rabid assortment of killer on motorize surf - board attach to cigarette boat . when the time come , they will unbuckle they harness and shoot off solo . then the '' artillery , '' four match swamp skiff with out - rig airplane prop . large mortar be bolt to the foredeck . water -skieer be be tow behind each boat . various deadly weapon dangle from they wet suit . finally , the * cammand '' hovercraft bring up the rear . CUT back to : '' oasis .* simon , a ancient man of at least eighty , be lead the child into the hold of a trawler . simon no need to panic , now ... voice ( 0.s. } wait a minute ! it 's angel . she walk up to Troy who look scared . angel you just turn sixteen , do not you , kid ? troy ( hesitant ) yes . angel you have to fight . continued : ( cont . ) Troy look anxiously at Simon . simon that be the rule , Troy . angel do not worry . in 1ll take care of he . ( to troy ) follow I , CUT to : another part of the ring . helen race along hand - in-hand with enola . they come the '' vegetable - barge '' where helen pull a oil - drum out of a recess . she lift the lid and enola : climb inside the barrel . helen hand she the bird . helen take the bird too . I do not want they to find it . helen grab a oxygen cannister and check the valve . she put it in the barrel with enola . helen it 's set so you have air for a hour . do not touch the valve . if you overpressurize , they might see the bubbles . enola you say we we be go to win . so why do I have to hide ? a little tear begin to snake its way down encla 's cheek . helen go on , dolphin . be brave . she reach inside a pouch and pull out two circular glass pendant . clear crystal medallion , protect in leather sleeve . helen hand the smaller one to enola . helen remember this ? we lucky amulet . as long as we wear they , we will never be separate , right ? enola ( sadly ) right . enola put it around she neck . helen do likewise . they hug . then enola duck inside the barrel . helen secure the rubber gasket and the lid . she heave the oil drum over the edge of the barge . a thin nylon rope pay out as it sink ... CUT to : the pirate . we . be back in the thick of the attack vessel , blasting ahead at break - neck speed . the roar of the engine be deafen . whitewater splashes around we wildly . the pirate be scream demonically as combat adrenaline surge through they vein . a mile ahead , '' Oasis '' look doom ... CUT to : a series of close - shot . pre battle-montage . rodney be prepping one of the " defensive cannon . " a old relic , Spanish galleon style . he pour in some gunpowder and load the massive ball . other men and women load . bullet into rusting revolver . survival knife be strapped to thigh . spear gun pump up . angel and troy have take position on a barge . they be place the molitov cocktail on the deck at even interval . angel you good with gun , kid ? troy I be scared ... CUT to : the pirate aqua -cycles . camera be on the handle - bar of the lead bike , lock back at the blood -thirsty mob . we bounce insanely as the cycle surge over the wave and smack down into the trough . carlo , the driver , cackle like a madman . he 's the first pirate we have see close - up and he be scary !!! tribal style war-paint smear across he face . a pierce nose with a large fish-bone . his hair , a shock of blue , fly back like satanic flame . on he forehead , a self - inflicted triangular scar . and he eye . they be beyond description . a quasi-primordial post-punk . - CUT to : a houseboat helen strap a flame thrower onto she shoulder . she crouch beside the outside rail and look out towards the approach horde . almost within range ... helen come on , you bastard ... aerial angle . the pirate vessel surround '' Oasis " and all hell break loose !!! the " artillery " mortar bombard the flotilla with cover smoke . '' surfer * peel off from the cigarette boat and blast through the smoke , firing at everything in sight !! continued : ( cont . } rodney try to aim he cannon but be blind by the smoke - screen , before he can react , a surfer burst through with a lasso . rodney hurry to intercept he ... in the water . the skimmer kick into full gear , send the para - sailer high into the air . they spray down bullet , pick off the defender like fly . next , the driver cut they engine and para - sailer glide down onto the defenseless ring - boat . on the barge . Troy cower below the rail , tremble uncontrollably . bullet ricochet and splinter the wood like shrapnel . angel be hide behind some barrel . a para - sailer come glide down out of the sky . angel jump up and nail he with she machete . she toss Troy a flint striker . angel come on , kid . get the firework go ! underwater , in the barrel . it be perfectly quiet and womb-like , but enola be clearly apprehensive . she clutches she glass pendant and shut she eye , petting the nervous bird .. meanwhile , above . men and women exchange FIRE with the pirate . they be heavily outnumber , outgun . many of the boat have already be board . on tee barge . troy strike the flint and light one of the bomb . he lob it out at a pass cigarette boat and duck as ... booomi !! a colossal fireball surge upwards . angel give he the thumb up . Troy look at she in terror . that 's what that thing do ? on the houseboat . a water -skier be head straight towards helen . she pull the trigger of the flame thrower ... ..- nothing ! the water -skier take aim . helen bang she tank . be she out of gasoline ? suddenly , a stream of flame burst out of the nozzle , knock she backward . the skier catch fire , scream in agony , as he continue to he drag along like a flaming comet ... continued : oy ( cont . } ..- helen start to get back to she foot , but do not notice , behind she ... ...a large pirate close ini !! it 's carlos . ina flash , he grab she by the arm and whip a large scythe around she throat . helen instinctively resist but he press the blade against the flesh , draw a trickle of blood ... carlo you wanna die ? . she stop move , he paw she breast with a vicious smile . helen 's eye falter . suddenly , she swoon , fainting . he reach for she ... ... but she' faking !!! helen spin around and slam he with she gasoline tank . he sprawl across the deck and helen turn to barbecue he , but the trigger be stick again !!! he leap to he foot and charge with he razor sharp scythe . helen duck the first blow by inch ... but the return swing , gorge she in the gut !!! her eye go wide with shock as she grab she bleed stomach with she hand . carlos prepare for the final blow -- decapitation ... slow motion now : the scythe slice the air . helen hesitate . it 's all or nething . the lethal blade . ccarlos 's eye . helen surge . intercept it with the flame - thrower nozzle . clang !!!! as metal scrape metal ... she dive backwards , over the rail . into the water . agony in she face , as salt - water find the wound ... slow motion , underwater screeeeaaammmmm ! !!! dissolve to : twenty minute later . the battle be over . a massacre . all the survivor have be round up on the '' vegetable barge . they be huddle together , shiver quietly , separate into two group -- women and young boy on one side ; men , infant and old people on the other . several pirate guard they with automatic weapon . the bounty -- jug and barrel of fresh water , desalinization unit , solar distiller , nautical instrument , weapon , gasoline , dry food and so on -- be arrange in neat row . a mean-look rogue be inspect it . he be dibter -- he leave hand have be replace by prosthetic metallic pincer . angel whisper to a woman , stand beside she . angel you see my sister ? she shake he head . angel turn to look at the group of '' men " prisoner . she make eye contact with Troy , who 's be sequester with they . he look petrify . continued : 9 , ( cont . ) the '' Command hovercraft " ease up to the dock . two thug jump to secure the stern and bow line . the large , verticai-hinged door swing open with a thud ! a figure emerge ... huge . six - eight at least . hip length hair . yellow . not blonde , balloon yellow . he have a solid - gold triangle attach to he forehead . and he cape -- it 's a dense mesh of bird feather ! meet lazlo , " Lord of Pirates . " a young man rush up to meet he . he 's helmut , also unique in appearance -- one of he eye be blue , the other green . helmut they must have hide she . lazlo {ominous smile ) do not worry ... meanwhile , in the barrel . enola be panting , out of breath . the bird coo nervously and flap its wing . she look at the the oxygen cannister . insert - the gauge be near the red " danger zone " ... back on the platform . lazlo move forward and address the prisoner . lazlo take I to you leader . no one speak . lazlo survey the face before he . simon we have no leader . it 's a round table democracy . lazlo speak like a leader . . lazlo yank he away from the other . the crowd react with concern as lazlo manhandle the old man . lazlo you people be very loyal . this be good . above all , a leader need loyalty , no ? let I show you ... ( to helmut ) a torch . Helmut douse a torch with some gasoline and light it witha flint striker . he march up to lazlo , await instruction . lazlo you hand , please . Helmut nod grimly . then , without hesitation , put he hand in the flame . hover there , unflinch . he grit he tooth . continued : 10 . ( cont . } lazio watch calmly . helmit 's hand be blister , he begin to shake ... lazlo thank you . Helmut pull back he hand and plunge it into the water . lazio turn back to Simon . lazlo that be my son . what do that tell you about I ? simon ( horrify ) you be a monster ! lazlo exactly . now ... let 's get to business . we hear that you have a little girl here . a little girl with a little tattoo . I want she . be you afraid of death ? simon you would not kill a old man . in the background , rodney begin to tremble . rodney he 's go to kill we all , do not you see ... suddenly , he break free from the other and dive off the platform into the ocean . immediately , several guard pepper the water with gunfire . carlos move towards a submerge steel cage , float alongside one of the pirate boat . he yank open a hinge doorway and instantly a black shark fin make a beeline for the escape man , suck out a '' leash '' of steel webbing . the water foam up with blood . carlos crank a large winch to recoil the leash and haul the thrashing shark '' dog '' back into its cage . in the barrel . the gauge be near '' empty . '' enola begin to panic , hyperventilate . she open the valve all the way and bang the metal drum with she fist ... underwater . a small trickle of bubbles begin to ascend from the '' escape '' valve of the barrel . we follow they up to : the surface . body be float like log in slick of blood and oil . a pirate be patrol in a kayak , jabbing the body with a harpoon to make sure they be dead . will he notice the bubbles ? continued : a li . ( cont . } suddenly , a body move right in front of we ! it 's helen , she 's '' play dead . '' directly before she nose , a stream of bubbles be froth up to the surface . she sneak a glance around and make a sudden decision . holding she breath , diving ... underwater . helen follow the nylon cord down to the barrel . she bang a signal om the lid . then , work to remove the latch . the first one open . but the other two be stick ... rusted ... inside the barrel . enola gasp for breath . she 's suffocating ... water begin seeping in through the crack , fill the up the drum ... on the platform . blammm !!! carlos have blasted away half of Simon 's head with a pistol . Point blank . : lazlo {to the prisoner ) next volunteer , please ... underwater . the second latch finally snap open . helen be run out of breath . she pull at the final latch with all she might , blue in the face ... . above . the pirate in the kayak have spot the bubbles . pirate ( point ) over heret ! several pirate converge on the adjacent platform . below . in the barrel . . enola have pass out . the water level be up to she chin ... underwater . the latch be still freeze shut . suddenly , helen feel herself peing hoist up ! someone 's pull the cord from above . helen look up in a panic . she attack the latch with renew frenzy . above . lazlo and other be gather round , as dieter pull up the barrel line . the barrel break the surface . dieter wrench off the cover with he mechanical hand . lazlo peer inside ... just the bird ... lazio pick it up and crush it in he fist in disgust . lazlo save I the feather . continued : 12 . ( cont . ) just then , there 's the sound of the hovercraft roaring to life . lazlo spin to see he boat rip away from its moor , burst through the flotilla towards the open sea ... it blast right through a bamboo-thatch boat , rip it in two . angel thataway , helen ! immediately , several pirate pile into they cigarette boat and peel off in pursuit . lazlo ( to helmut ) let 's move out . Helmut direct the guard to escort the woman and child prisoner towards a soupe - up pirate trawler . the man and other '' reject remain on the platform , guard by sentries . angel suddenly . break rank and grab Troy from the " man " group which - seem to be stay behind . guard hey ! angel he 's thirteen ! he 's a kid ! troy ( nervous whisper ) what be you do ? angel dust keep quiet ... meanwhile , other pirate begin to load the bounty -- water , gas and so on -- onto the slower boat . CuT to the distant hovercraft blasting ahead full - throttle . it 's definitely fast enough , but will they have enough fuel ? Three cigarette boat lag in the distance . CUT back to '' oasis " everything stow , the last of the pirate boat peel off . the '' reject " man watch , unsure , as the pirate retreat . the " prisoner " boat begin to pull away . woman and child watch they mate / father recede -- will they ever see they again ? Troy look at angel . troy why do you do that ? we be prisoner . angel shhh ... with all the pirate vessel at a safe distance from the platform of " reject " man , lazlo turn back with a bazooka ... continued : 43 . ( con tl . ) the man do not even have time for prayer before ... the entire platform explode !!! Troy look back in horror from the stern deck of the '' prisoner '' trawler . all the man of " Oasis " kill in a instantitt it could have be he . angel put she arm around Troy 's shoulder . CuT to : inside the hovercraft . we be at the bridge , but no one be at the helm ! it have be lash down amidship . we notice helen 's flame thrower aim sternward towards the fuel tank . the trigger be tie in the fire position . malfunction or not , sooner or later it will ... explode !!1 !!! the hovercraft rip apart in a massive fireball !!! lazlo and Helmut approach the smoulder wreckage on a cigarette boat . lazlo ( rage ) my boat ! helmut so much for the girl from water 's end . fade to black : '' fade in : bermuda short . someone 's crotch in a pair of well wear khakis . the large survival knife sheathed over he leave hip look like it have recently taste blood . he move to unfasten he fly -- he hand , coarse and dehydrated . a manicurist 's nightmare . a beaker . fill up with he urine . pale yellow . no overdose of vitamin in this sample . last few drop . he 's do , reach in to grab the beaker . a plastic funnel . the top of some kind of contraption . a large , translucent funnel connect to a rubber hose which weave down through a series of valve and filter . he pour the urine into the machine and we follow its progress downward -~ through a paper filter , along a glass tube , down a rubber hose . suddenly , we come to something organic in the chain -- a large , slimy , steaming kidney !!! the organ pulse with the flow of liquid . Processing it , pump it out into the mechanical remainder of the contraption which conclude in a copper faucet . somehow , a live , organic kidney have be incorporate into this bizarre chain . but that familiar with anatomy will notice that it be backwards -- the urine be be force into the wrong end of the kidney . continued : ia . ( cont . } indeed , he place the beaker under the faucet and open the spigot . out rush clean , pure h20 !! he 's reverse the excretion process , turn urine into water !!! as he put the beaker to he mouth and swig it back in one gulp , we see he face for the first time -- rugge , weatherbeaten . no sentimentality here . this be morgan , a drifter in he early 40' . Morgan put down the beaker and raise a pair of binocular to he eye . binocular Pov . a faint column of smoke rise several mile away on the horizon . his destination . wide shot . we see he vessel . a river - barge modify to fly a sail . two cannon on either side , a rack of weapon , strand of kelp drying on shelf , barrel of water . the boat 's name be fade , barely legible -- the '' miranda . '' we notice something bizarre pace on the deck -- a magnificent white stallion !! in the distance , the burn wreckage appear closer , but still not distinct . Morgan adjust he rudder slightly , trim he sail . Morgan move to the center of the deck where a series of - oil drum be strapped together . insert - the barrel . they be label " h20 . " Morgan open the lid of one but instead of water , it 's pack full of dynamite . there 's a jerry -rigged trigger -- a wire filament attach to a flint striker . Morgan secure it to the lid and gingerly close the barrel . it 's a booby - trap . on morgan . satisfied , he grab a speargun and a oxygen cannister from a locker . he take another look with the binocular . Pov . Burning wreckage of a flotilla . the aftermath of battle . he pan south , check the horizon ... whoah . what 's that ? a small motor- sailer bear down on he opportunity ! it 's another drifter , also look to scavenge from the wreckage ... morgan ( 0.s. ) Son of a bitch . smash CUT to : a spinnaker . surging out of its sail bag . the rainbow color nylon balloon upwards with wind , as Morgan hoist up the halyard . he be - check he rival through the binocular . continued : ( cont . } morgan let 's see you beat that , pal ! there 's a distant rumble . Morgan cup he hand behind he ear to hear better . a engine ... morgan God dam , asshole ... be race inside the bridge . the bridge . Morgan rummages below the counter for a can of gasoline . he swishes it around a few time . it 's pretty low . morgan shit . he scramble outside ... the sterndeck . Morgan lead the horse to a rotate yoke . he harness it in , slap the horse 's rump . it begin walk round and round , turn a gear which drive a jerry - rig paddle wheel . Morgan grab the yoke and push alongside he horse . the sound of the other guy 's engine become tauntingly louder ... Morgan look at he rival . they be converge from different direction in a triangle . but he engine be at least five horse power and Morgan 's only get the one horse . it 's hopeless ... but now the engine sputter . cough a few time , and die . he 's out of gas ! : morgan ( pick up he binocular ) serve you right . gas-guzzle stinkpot . binocular Pov . - a scrawny guy . look hungry . Morgan pan north . about two hundred yard away , the wreckage be look more promise . it 's at least , two - dozen " ghost " boat , some burn , other ransacke . no survivor . wide angle . Morgan grab a acoustic megaphone from the stern locker . he move to the port rail . morgan ( through megaphone ) ahoy drifter !!! I claim this flotsam . if you approach ... i'll kill you . 1 repeat , keep away until I have sailed . dissolve to : 16 . amid the smoke . later . we be surround by float debris . ' the remain of a flotilla in the typical " ring formation . the '' miranda '' be drift in the oily '' centerwater , '' near a float platform . Morgan drag out another contraption . some kind of slant rubber conveyer belt . he set it up on the stern , angle it into the water . attaches the horse to another harness and the belt begin to move . the oil and water travel up the tilt belt , separate as they do . the heavier water slip back down into the sea , the more viscous oil stick to the rubber and move up the belt until it fall over the lip into a container that Morgan have set up . he 's skim oil . Morgan glance at the other drifter who wait patiently , sail lower , about fifty yard away . he grab he speargun and leap onto the nearby platform , tie down he barge with a loose line . leave he horse to continue skim ... Morgan look around at the ring of " ghost " vessel . wind whistle through large hole in the hull , gorge by stray artillery shell . a bridge door bang open and close , hang from one hinge . in the distance , a windmill power genny squeak round and round -- we recognize this from '' Oasis . '' Morgan focus he gaze on a severely char platform across the way , all but burnt to a crisp . that 's where he want to go . he begin to make he way from ship to ship . they have be stripped clean of every conceivable scrap . ne 'er a cleat remain . even the decking have be rip up for scavenge lumber . the burnt platform . Morgan board it with a grim expression . amid the charcoal timber ... be roast human remain !! Morgan pick up a skull with cool detachment . still plenty of flesh -- this be recent . he drop the skull , look around for clue . something catch he eye . he kneel down , pick it up -- a feather !! a feather attach to a fragment of cloth . Morgan stare at it , a intense expression . unblink , he eye speak volume . smash CUT to : a boy about four - year old . somewhere else , another time . he 's find a bird . one of he eye be green , one be blue . he hold up the bird . a big smile . boy daddy , look ! a an-im - al !! back to : morgan . think , stare at the feather ... there be a thud . Morgan spin . it 's the other drifter , board the platform behind he . - continued : ae 17 , ( cont . } morgan that little fucker !! Morgan race to intercept he . the drifter drop he rope sheepishly . he 's emaciate . look like he have not eat in week . morgan listen , stranger . I give you fair warning . I kill people who cross I . you get it ? Morgan cock he gun for emphasis . the drifter nod diminutively . he 's too weak to speak . morgan you be not gonna find nothing to eat here . unless you be a cannibal and you like it well - do . drifter any ...thing ... Morgan look at he for a moment . morgan this be recent . you see they sail ? the drifter can not stand it any longer . he 's salivate ... drifter please ... morgan which direction ?? the drifter point weakly . morgan East ?? drifter oil...trail ... Morgan look where he point . sure enough , there 's a narrow slick of oil recede into the distance . one of the pirate boat must have be leak . Morgan turm back to the drifter . morgan o.k. , pal . dig in . the drifter dive down , grab a bone and attack it . morgan do not eat too fast . you will get sick . dissolve to : dusk . Morgan be at the bow of the " miranda . " in the background , we see the remain of " Oasis " recede in he wake ... continued : 18 . ( cont . } he 's get a old rag wrap around a stick in one hand , a compass in the other . he dip the rag in gasoline , light it witha flint striker . toss the burn torch ahead in the water . suddenly , the '' oil - trail " ignites and shoot a arrow of flame along the float bead towards the horizon . it 's like a comet . Morgan check he compass -- East -south -#ast . dissolve to : lazlo . address a assembly . it 's night and as he speak we pull back revealing more and more detail of the pirate encampment . lazlo it 's a imperfect world , gentleman . there will always be strength and weakness . lazlo be seat on he throne platform . around he , stand Helmut , carlos and dieter . above they , be a massive water tower , the central node of the pirate flotilla ... lazlo ( cont would ) why not be on the side of strength ? we offer you a opportunity here , a last chance for redemption . you be at a age where you can still choose you own path ... huge hose spill down from the tower reservoir , like gigantic umbilical cord , suck up fresh water from pirate vessel that have dock to unload the latest bounty ... lazlo ( cont would ) resistance take so mich effort . and what 's the point ? no one will ever defeat we . you know that in you heart . behind lazio , the sheer magnitude of the pirate flotilla be become evident . hundred of boat -- the best and fastest -- berthe in a haphazard " town " of several acre . gaslight burn in many vessel , and shadowy figure stumble across the plank from boat to boat , bottle in hand . the sound of laughter , music and general debauchery . lazlo ( cont would ) look around you , my son . you could be part of this . and loyalty be so effortless . " do what you be tell . '' what could be simpler ? we have pulled back enough to reveal the people lazlo be address . several dozen young boy -- the one 's from '' Oasis " -- stand in a triangular formation . but they appearance have change . they have be " brand " with the pirate triangle in they forehead . they face be streak with warpaint . continued : ig . ( cont . } Troy be stand at the peak of the triangle , face lazlo directly . l lazlo look right at he . lazlo I offer this to you -- the chance to be one of we . part of we family ... I have a dream for we , gentleman . that when we find Water 's end ... and we will find it first ... that it become a place of strength . I see no room for sickness there , for disease , the crippled , the enfeeble . just strength ... perfect physical specimen , perfect discipline , pure strength . do you have it in you to be part of this dream ? this be the final question . lazlo stand up . lazlo my son will supervise you training . he leave . dieter move towards the boy . dieter it 's pretty simple . Bend or break . you either join we or die . carlos teach you how to fight . if you survive he little seminar , you will be half - way there . Helmut make eye-contact with Troy who look utterly petrify . he move closer to he at the top of the triangle . helmut ( so only troy can hear ) I be stand there , once . it 's not so bad . CUT to : the " miranda . " Morgan be take a noon-sight with he sextant . he mark he position on a featureless map . grab he compass and spyglass and move towards the mast . he uncleat a line , hook one end to the horse 's yoke . put he foot in a loop on the other end . Morgan slap the horse on the rump ... it walk towards the stern , hoist Morgan up the mast . he check he compass , look out with the spyglass . nothing ... CUT to : sunset . Morgan collect the strand of kelp drying on the rack . he crumble they up and put they in a pail . carry it over toa trough and pour some out . continued : 20 , ( cont . ) morgan ( call to he horse} dinnertime ... Morgan grab a handful for himself and munch on it . he carry he pail to the kelp locker and open it up . he start to fill the bucket then notice something -- a long blonde hair ! Morgan hold it up . almost indiscernible at first . immediately , he jump to nis foot and race towards the bridge . inside . he grab he speargun , load two bolt and pump it up . he unbuckle the sheath of he survival knife . the stern . one by one , he yank open the locker , thrust the speargun inside .. he 's take no chance as he work he way forward . the bow . the forward locker seem to be in order . he check the shadowy recess between piece of machinery . there be a noise behind he . he spin instantaneously , draw he knife ... it 's the horse ... Morgan hesitates . he lead he horse inside the bridge then be -- emerge . night have almost fall . Morgan rummages in a chest for a old lantern . he shake it to see if there be any kerosene leave and light it with a flint-striker . meanwhile . inside . we be below the floor board , look upwards through the crack . a mysterious Pov . the horse clomp around directly above we . now we see , Morgan enter the bridge . as he move around the cabin swiftly check all the corner , we catch glimpse of he through the crack . then , he disappear ... we hear a board creaking . where be he ?? suddenly , the plank rip open above we . Morgan be glaring down at we , he weapon draw ... reverse angle . it be little enola , cower in a recess under the floorboard . morgan ( growl ) get out of there you little ... at that instant , helen come fly out of nowhere . she leap onto Morgan 's back , looping a fish-line garotte around he neck . Morgan thrashes backward . he lash out with he knife but helen deftly avoid the blade , pull the fish line with all she might . continued : el. ( cont . ) Morgan spin around try to free himself with centrifugal acceleration . his face be turn red with the build - up of pressure . helen bash against the side of the the cabin as they turn . a avalanche of fishing rod spill off a rack , nautical instrument be fly everywhere . the horse begin to shake its head and rear , slice the air with its hoof . it kick Morgan 's arm , send he knife fly . it land inch from enola 's nose as she climb out of she hide place ... helen be still choke Morgan with both hand . the speargun fire , slamm a bolt into the starboard wall . enola look around for a weapon . helen can not hold on any longer . still weak from the pirate wound , she release . slump to the ground . enola ( 0.s. ) stop !! she 's get a revolver . enola point it at Morgan with both hand . enola do not kill she ! we do not want to hurt you . morgan you could have fool I ... it 's a stand - off . Morgan have he speargun levele at helen 's forehead . enola be point the revolver at Morgan 's chest . helen clutches she side , wince with pain ... morgan {cool as death ) Drop it before I blow she face off ... enola hesitates . she look to helen for advice but she be too preoccupy with she own discomfort . enola Drop yours first ... . Morgan press the speargun barrel against helen 's skin . morgan say goodbye ... enola ( panic ) waitl ! wait ... she lower she gun . let it drop at she foot . enola do not kill we , please . we be attack by pirate ! they kill everybody ! 1 we be the only survivor . Morgan pull he gun back . a beat . they stare at each other . continued : 22 . ( cont . } enola she 's wounded . please help we ... morgan ( hold up the feather ) the man ... be he wear this ? helen ( weakly ) yes ... Morgan think for a moment . morgan I unload you at the next flotilla . until then , you do what I say ... when I say it . you catch you own food and you better start recycle you piss , because I be not share my hydro . CUT to : the next morning . helen 's on the berth . enola change the dress on she wound . helen I be fine . the salt water cauterize it . Morgan lean in the doorway and call in to enola . morgan let 's go , girl . he slam the door . helen and enola look at each other . helen go on , dolphin . everything will be o.x . we still have we lucky amlet . the glass pendant still hang from they neck . ccut to : the deck . day . enola be strapped up to the top of the mast as a '' lookout " . Morgan call up to she from below . morgan east-south -east . enola I know ... I know . she look through the spyglass . enola nothing . Morgan hoist up a small green flag . continued : at 23 . {cont . ) morgan tie that up there . enola what do it mean ? morgan means I have something to trade . enola what ? morgan you . enola look at he nervously . morgan keep look . in the cabin . helen be on lie on the berth , patching sail with scrap of cloth . she hear the sound of Morgan move about outside . helen strain to sit up straight and see what 's go on outside through a small window . but she mobility be severely limited . she 's obviously in a lot more pain than she let on . helen listen . be he crossing to the stern ? she notice a small crack in the rear wall . put she eye to it . Pov through crack . Morgan be rumaging through a locker . he move out of view . come back . he have a rope . reaches into a bin . puil something out ... God , it 's a skull !! on helen . a look of horror . he 's a cannibal !! now he move aside and disappear . helen think for a moment . then , begin to drag herself towards the door . outside , on the stern . Morgan look at the skull for a moment . still have a little flesh . pretty burnt though . he 's not go to eat it , be he ? we hero ... Jesus . Morgan grab a steel wire , loop it through the eye socket and tie a boline to a thick nylon cable . he toss the skull over the stern rail , let the line pay out . he 's trawling for shark ... whew ! meanwhile . on the bow . helen call up to enola on the mast . helen come down , quick . he 's a killer ! continued : 24 , ( cont . ) she uncleat the line and start to lower she , wince with pain from she wound . morgan ( 0.s. ) hey ! who say you could relieve she ? helen turn . she grab a oar , brandish it as a weapon . hrelen stay back ! Morgan march up menacingly . enola be dangle half - way up the mast . morgan get you ass back up there . and keep you eye glue to the goddamn scope ! helen swing the oar back and forth in warning . helen hold it right there ! Morgan narrow he eye . just then , the entire boat jerk to one side . Morgan race back towards the stern . enola what be it ? helen I do not know . Quick ... helen lower she down . the boat continue to shake ... the stern . Morgan be fight what mist be a mammoth shark . the line whip from side to side , back and forth . Morgan cleat it to the paddle - wheel . he and the horse begin to reel it in . helen and enola come peek around the corner , watch he ... he turn , netice they . Morgan toss helen the speargun . morgan you will only get one shot . make sure it 's in the brain . he go back to the paddle wheel , haul in the monster shark , now only thirty yard from the boat . thrash wildly , leaping out of the water ... it 's a nasty - look hammerhead . on helen . she look at the gun . look at Morgan face away . vulnerable . the shark be almost within range ... five yard and close . helen raise the gun . be she aim at Morgan ? morgan ( turn ) now !! . continued : 25 . cont . ) helen hesitates ... then swing the gun towards the shark and nail he between the eye . it go limp . Morgan storm up to helen , grab the gun and stare she in the eye . morgan why the fuck do you wait ?? a fish that size could sink we !! helen be silent . Morgan turn to enola . morgan get back up in the crow 's nest , girl . enola my name 's enola . morgan not to I . cuT to the cabin . night . Morgan have cook a fish soup . he ladle out the bowl . helen ( cautious ) thanks for share you catch . morgan you help . he pass cut the bowl . but mola refuse . enola I be not hungry . she get you and run outside . helen enola , come back here and finish you dinner ! can you get she , please ? morgan she will be fine . just want some attention . helen look at he for a moment . helen you have kid ? morgan a son . he 's dead . helen glance@ at the life- preserver , rack against the wall . the ship name " miranda " be stencile on it . helen be she you wife ? miranda ... Morgan turmcss to face she . continued : 26 , ( cont . } morgan I do not like question . helen sorry . morgan you like talk about you husband ? helen enola never have a father . I adopt she . morgan too bad for you . now you gotta keep she alive . CUT to ; the pirate camp . lazlo be seat on he throw , surround by he son . a diminutive figure cower at he foot . helmut he be scavenge some burn flotsam about a week ago . Said he notice a little girl and a woman sneak on to another guy 's boat . lazlo do she have a tattoo , drifter ? the figure raise he head slightly -- it 's the emaciate scavenger . he look a little better , but not much . , drifter I think so , yes .. you lordship . uh ... respectfully ... a little something for my service . a pour-boire ... lazlo give he a drink . the drifter kiss lazio 's foot . dieter yank he to he foot and march he towards the edge of the platform . there 's a gigantic anchor , so huge it must have come from a ocean liner . tne drifter stare at it for a second , then he expression become anxious . before he can react , dieter have clamp he wrist into iron manacle chain to the anchor . carlo Big reward , huh ? he nudge the mammoth anchor in the water with a large lever . the drifter look down in a panic as the chain pay out at lightning speed beside he foot . then , in a flash , he be suck overboard , scream ... CUT to : 27 . the " miranda . " day , enola call down from the crow 's nest . enola look ! Morgan race up -- there 's a flash light on the horizon . not a signal . it 's irregular , like sunlight reflect off something shiny . Morgan check he compass . just a few tick off East -south - East . it 's gotta be they . he lower enola down from the mast , intense expression . morgan ( grab the scope ) give I that ... back off ! enola retreat , bump into something . she turn and jump with fright ... a big white nose ... she 's come face - to- face with the horse , who shake its head good - naturedly . enola stare at it , unsure of what to do . she reach out tentatively to touch it ... morgan hey ! stay away from he . fnola look he abruptly in the eye . enola you just pretend to be mean . but I know you really be not . it 's ' cause you be scared ... Morgan glare at she . morgan you do not know anything about I and it 's gonna stay that way . - enola stick out she tongue at he . he ignore she , go back to the scope . Pov through scope . magnify but still indistinct . irregular flash . definitely something manmade . could certainly be a flotilla . morgan . narrow he eye . the adrenaline begin to surge . morgan get you mother ! I want you off this boat . enola what do you mean ? continued : 28 . ( cont ... ) morgan you gdeaf ?? the ride 's over . get out of here ! ! enola race into the cabin . Morgan cross to he booby - trap barrel . once again , he attaches the wire trigger to the hook on the lid , replace it ever- so-lightly . what else ? spear gun ... oxygen tank ... enola emerge from the cabin help helen who 's still limping . helen I do not understand ... you be just go to toss we in the ocean ? Morgan 's eye look possess . morgan you see this barrel ? there 's about four hundred pound of dynamite in it . you wanna be here when they set it off ? no ... do not think so . so grab a piece of wood , and get the fuck overboard . this be goodbye , gang . it be nice to know you ... helen we would not stand a chance out there . enola you can not do that to we ! she 's still hurt . morgan you do not get it , do you ? I do not give a shit about you . enola look hurt . helen what about you ? you be go down with the ship . morgan and what if I be ... enola have notice something . she point eastward . enola it 's go . the flash have stop . shadows suddenly disappear . Morgan look up at the sun . it 's be obscure behind a enormous grey cloud . Morgan smelis the air . strangely still -- the sail , motionless . the sky turn silver ... the horse neigh nervously . continued : 29 . ( cont . } morgan goddamnit !! move ! get inside and secure everything ... they bolt . Morgan quickly strap in all he barreis . lower the sail and lash it down . inside . helen and enola be busy stow thing in the locker . Morgan come in with the horse . he clear one wall and strap the horse against it with thick webbing . he toss helen some rope . morgan tie yourself down . I '11 get she . the wind begin to whistle around the cabin . the barge roll with the grow swell . enola climb onto she berth and begin to strap herself down . Morgan come over to assist she . enola ( coldly ) I can do it myself . the ocean . the wind be pick up fast . the tiny barge begin to look dwarf by the size of the wave . it rise up twenty foot with the swell and crash down into the trough , spraying up whitewater . in the cabin . the small room begin to roll nauseatingly . the wind howl through the crack . Morgan stagger over to a free wall and tie himself against it . the horse 's tongue hang down pathetically . its eye be bulg ... enola and helen be tie to they berth and be move in tandem with the cabin which oscillate like a huge pendulum . outside . it 's a full gale now . the sky be deep gray . wind hammer incessantly inte the tiny vessel . Water spray everywhere . the mast soar wildly through the air like a conductor 's baton . in the cabin a locker burst OPEN , send a avalanche of cargo across the room onto helen , she wince , hold she forehead . everything be rock like a see-saw . the noise be deafen . helen close she eye . a instant later , she be lean over , retching violently onto the floor . she open she eye , resignedly . continued : 30 , ( cont . } the horse whinnie in agony . it begin to buck and flail against its strap . close on strap -- the webbing be old . one edge begin to give , rip ... enola be directly in line with the horse . she take she glass pendant off and hold it in both hand tight against she chest . the horse be thrashing in the background . suddenly , the strap ripti ! the horse come crash across the cabin , directly towards enola ... she will be crush !!! at the last instant , the cabin shift in the opposite direction , send the horse sidestepping away from she ... it slam into another wall , rip open several locker . object spill out and bounce around the cabin floor . Morgan unty himself to secure the horse . enola ioosen she strap wisely as the cabin shift again . the horse be come back ... look quti !! enola dive off she berth a nanosecond before the horse smashes against it , crush the plank like egg shelis ... enola be on all four . she 's lose she pendant . object be fly back and forth through the air . helen scream above the bediam . helen get back to you berth !! but enola have spot she pendant on the opposite side of the cabin floor . she 's crawl for it . the horse stumble by epileptically , stomping inch from enola 's hand . outside . the mast be whipping back and forth with the relentless wind . it bow at at unimaginable angle and snap suddenly , smashing into the cabin ... inside . the mast come crashing through the cabin board , gorging a window - size hole in the starboard wall . Morgan have manage to get the horse and himself strapped down ... but now exola 's pendant slide across the floor towards the hole in the starboard side . she start to move for it . helen ( scream ) no , enolai ! get back here !! emola be determine to retrieve she glass amulet . it 's slide towards she now . she reach . inch from she finger ... now the boat roll the other way and the pendant slide back towards the hole in the wall ... continued : 31 . ( cont . ) ... stop a hair short of slip onto the deck . one more roll and it will be lose forever into the ocean . enola race across ... helen enola !! do n'tt ! helen loosen she strap . she start to sit up , but wince in pain . her belly wound be still raw ... she hesitates . the room roll again and enocla 's pendant slide outside . she lean out to reach for it . suddenly , a flood of water sweep past and suck enola outside ... helen no !!! on morgan . look at helen , at the hole ... smash CUT to : the young boy . scream . ..a hand clamp over he mouth . his green / blue eye darting back and forth . woman' voice don't touch my son !! please ... a biade come down . blood splatter against the deck . a woman lie dead , she throat slit ... on morgan a instant decision . morgan stay where you be !! I will get herti we be back in the present . Morgan rip off he strap and move quickly to the open where enola be sweep away ... cutside the hole . he peer out into the raging torrent . the wind rip around the boat , pound it with water . no sign of enola . Morgan tie a rope around he waist and secure the other end to a post . he dive blindly into the inky water ... the ocean . the water froth up like a gigantic wash machine . Morgan be carry helplessly with wave . morgan ( scream ) hey !! girlit ! she be nowhere to be see . Morgan 's safety rope be stretch taut to the limit . he call out again , this time with she name . continued ; 32 . { cont . } morgan enola ! ! voice here ! another thirty yard out . he 's go to have to untie himself . but the imstant he do so , he be suck away from she . he 's helpless against the unyield wash ... Morgan spot the break mast , float to he leave . it 's he only shot . it take ali he strength to swim up to it . with he last surge of energy , Morgan swing the mast towards enola . she grab it , hold on for life ... Morgan paddle against the raging wave , guide they back to the boat . one arm against the titanic power of the ocean ... on the boat . helen be stand near the rail . she toss out a life - preserver on a guide line . it falis near Morgan but he relay it to enola . helen pull she on board . enola cough up mouthful of water . but now a great wave lift the mast high into the air . it come slamming gown on Morgan . he go under ... helen and fnola stare helplessly into the oceanic tumult for sign of Morgan . enola where be he ?? helen we lose he . enola ( cry ) he save my life !! we have to help he ! helen we will all drow that way ... enola become hysterical . helen stop it ! there 's nothing we can do ! helen open the door to the bridge cabin and guide enola inside , as she continue to struggle . in the bridge . enola be in shock , scream and flail she arm . helen force she onto the berth , start tie she down . enola waitt ! waitt ! helen quiet , enola ! continued : 33 . ( cont . ) helen cup she hand over enola 's mouth . enola seam to be try to say something , gesture with she arm . helen grab the arm and tie it down , ignore she plea . enola's Pov . she can see a hand , struggle to claw it 's way onto a purchase through the starboard hole ... outside . Morgan be dangle from one arm off the starboard side of the hull . wave crash against he , challenging he grip ... inside . - the finger slip ... will helen notice ? on enola . she wrench she hand free and slap helen across the face . enola ( point ) the drifter ! helen turn . she dive to help Morgan . they hand come together , lock at the wrist ... she haul he aboard . dissolve to : dead calm . balmy , flat ocean . the devastate barge float quietly in the storm 's aftermath . Morgan be busy resurrecting the mast . he 's harness the horse and they be hoist it up with a thick hemp cable . the green " trading " flag be still fly on the masthead . Morgan 's face go red with the exertion . they have get the mast to 60° . one last effort now ... it 's up ! Morgan lash it in place . inside . . enola be lie alongside helen on the berth . she be teary - eye . enola you say as long as we have they we would never be separate . what 's go to happen now ? helen you can have mine , dolphin . it 's just as lucky . helen take the amulet from around she neck and give it to enola who look at it dubiously . enola what about you ? continued : 34 , ( cont . ) Morgan enter through the door and glare at they . he 's out of breath , a fountain of perspiration . morgan what be you do ? I tell you to clean out the bilge ! helen she 's still upset ... morgan upset ? my boat 's be wipe out ! she almost get we all kill over a stupid pendant . do not tempt meet I have gota bad side and you do not want to see it . Morgan reach out and pull enola from the berth . morgan get to work ! but suddenly helen grab Morgan 's wrist and yank he down to face she . helen do not ever touch she like that again ! morgan I make the rule around here !! you be stowaways . I usually kill stowaways . enola begin to cry . helen you be just a little pirate , be not you ? Morgan raise he arm to hit she , but restrain himself . enola have stop cry but now be look at Morgan with terror in she eye . who be this man ? Morgan stare back at she . close -- encla's eye . full of suspicion . morgan' eye . go withirc . remember ... he son' eye . Blue and green , smile back at he . on morgan . he soften . impulsively , Morgan pick enola up in he arm and march she outside . helen move to intercept he , but wince with pain , clutching she bandage wound . continued : a 35 . the deck . enola hold on warily as Morgan carry she purposefully across the deck . where be they go ? overboard ?? Morgan stop at the horse . he lift enola up and place she on its back . enola 's expression go through the follow range : terror , bewilderment , curiosity , intrigue , excitement , and joy , all in about three second . she begin to pet the horse 's mane , look cautiously towards Morgan for approval . - enola I know you be not mean , Morgan half smile . enola you do not talk to people much , do you ? morgan no. enola what 's you name ? a beat . morgan I do not need a name . on kelen she 's on she foot , watch they from the doorway to the bridge . helen can not hear what they be say but Morgan clearly will not harm she child . angle on encla . she look at the horse . enola ( conspiratorial ) you be from Water 's end too , right ? that 's where you get the an-im-al ... morgan I save he from a sink cargo ship . what do you mean , " too ? " enola glance at helen for a moment . she hesitates . enola helen find I when I be a baby ina boat full of earth - green and sand . also , the glass amulet . that 's why they be lucky ... Morgan take this in for a moment , then : morgan why be you tell I ? continued : 36 . ( cont . } enola you can help we get back there . morgan itm not look for Water 's end . enola what dtyou mean ? everyone 's look for it . morgan not I . enola do not you dream about it ? Morgan shake he head , expressionless . enola Close you eye ... morgan why ? enola dust close they ... please . it 's a . game . Morgan close he eye . enola now , picture Water 's end . what 's the first thing you do when you get there ? Morgan frown . hesitates . he open he eye . morgan let the animal run . enola ( delighted ) see . you do have a dream when you close you eye ! d' you like helen ... morgan I do not like anybody . too risky . enola you do not like I ? Morgan look at she . how can you not like this kid ? enola you be go to help we , right ? but Morgan pull himself back . morgan listen , enola . a dream be just a dream . if you really come from Water 's end , then why do they set you drift ? continued : 37 . ( cont . ) enola to bring back all the searcher ... enola lift she sleeve and point to the tattoo on she leave shoulder . enola see this ? that 's the secret map . that 's what we have to figure out . at that moment , helen walk up to they and pull enola off the horse . helen I tell you never to tell that to atranger !! never !! be you crazy ?? CUT to : the bow . night . a cloudless sky , the star shine brilliantly . Morgan be alone , chart he position against the constellation . his lift up he sextant . now , helen approach from inside ... morgan what be you do up ? helen I be feel better . I think maybe you want company . Morgan look at she . company ? helen I never have a chance to thank you for save she . morgan do not bother . it be crazy . I would not do it again . they look at one another . helen ( hopeful ) what be you think about ? morgan we be so close to they , I could taste it . now it 's back to zero . he turn back to he sextant . helen study he for a moment . that 's all he think about -- pirate ? she shake she head , look down . tries another tack . helen my grandfather use to tell the storey about the great thaw . as the water rise , the animal go higher and higher , until there be no place leave but the star . I use to know all they name . continued : ( cont . ) 38 . she look up at the star , think ... she point at a constellation . helen Leo ... that 's one . he be the strongest ... helen study Morgan 's horse for a moment . helen you be animal ... God , it 's be so jong . tau ... Taurus . no wait . pegasus . that 's it . he 's a pegasus . morgan enola like he . helen yes . she like you too . a beat . they stare at each other . it hang there for a moment , then Morgan look down at he chart . helen sigh . Morgan frown . helen I want to go with you . morgan what ? helen find that pirate . helen they take prisoner when they attack we , woman and young boy . my sister 's there . morgan that have nothing to do with I . helen revenge . that 's all you care about ? morgan and what if it be ? helen that make you just like they . cot to : a periscope Pov . morning . cross-hair and scale marking . - panning across the ocean . flat , blue horizon for 75 ° . then a barge . a green flag be flap from its mast . it 's the '' miranda . '' voice ( 0.s. } fu-ne ! fu-ne !! sho-gyotrlt the '' miranda . " helen and enola be busy unravel a trawling net , Morgan feed the horse when ... ... there be a crashing SOUND of wave . a mass of water rise up beside the barge , revealing a smali , antiquated submarine . Morgan race inside the bridge and emerge instantly with he speargun and a pistol . he shout at the woman . morgan get out of sight ! Quick . Morgan take cover behind a barrel . the submarine hatch squeak open . two japanese guy emerge . one be a fat sumo - wrestler type with a shave head , the other be a old man with a endless white beard . the fat guy have tattoo all over he body -- yakuza-style . he be giggling nervously , he finger twitching on the trigger of a cross-bow . the old man unfurl a small green flag and wave it . Morgan eye they suspiciously , he gun draw . : morgan ocall out ) you speak English ? voice ( 0.s. ) I do . a completely bald black woman emerge from the hatch . she be wanda , tough but somehow endear . . morgan ( suspicious ) what do you want ? wanda we need spark plug . get any ? - morgan maybe . what be you trading ? another japanese with round gold spectacle emerge carry a bundle . he hold it up . wanda gill net . two hundred yard long . no hole . morgan I get all the net I need . wanda translate for the japanese . the old man seem to be the boss . wanda be just the interpreter . they come to a decision . wanda how ' bout hydro ? five G 's for six plug . continued : 40 . ( cont . ) morgan ten . translation . another debate . fatty point to the horse and say something to wanda . wanda the animal . would you trade it ? morgan no . no way . enola turn to helen , as the japanese debate some more . enola why would they want the an-im - al on they submarine ? helen they want to eat it ... enola react in disgust . wanda turn back with they decision . wanda q.k. you be on . ten g's . spectacles go below and get two jug of water . morgan tell he to drink some . spectacles put the jug to he lip and take a swig . he smile . morgan the other one too . he try the second . Morgan wait for he to swallow but he can not fake it anymore . he spit the salt water back into the ocean . the japanese grin sheepishly . morgan Real cute . wanda hey give we a break . it 's tough get hydro in a sub . morgan o.k . five gallon . but there 's one more thing . Morgan stand and point to helen and enola . morgan take this two to a flotilla . helen stand up , enraged . relen you can not hand we over to this thug . continued : ae 41 . ( cont . } wanda that 's right , drifter . you think we be run a ferry service ? morgan then no deal . he turn to helen . morgan they be harmless . look at they . meanwhile , wanda transiates and fatty smile broadly . he look at helen lecherously . enola I do not like they . I do not want to go . morgan you be much safer on a sub . no pirate , no hurricane . it 's the quick way you be go to get to another flotilla ... Morgan grab six spark plug froma locker . helen look shattered . . morgan I can not take responsibility for you anymore . drifter just do not take passenger . helen I guess I be right about you . morgan ( menace ) yeah , maybe you be . you know how many people I have have to kill just to stay alive ? she 's about to speak but do not . he soften . morgan we be look for different thing . helen hesitates . then she play she trump card . helen listen . you know what enola say about she tattoo ? it 's true . we be go to get to Water 's end . I will cut you in . morgan I do not believe in Water 's end . the japanese throw down a board plank . spectacles carry the water across and snatch the plug from Morgan 's hand . continued : a2 . ( cont . ) fatty grab helen by the arm . helen get you hand offa I , jumbo !! helen glare at Morgan . morgan I have always be solo . the japanese escort the woman across the plank . morgan helen ... she turn . Morgan toss she he survival knife in its sheath . morgan do what you gotta do ... the japanese move to intercept the knife but helen pull it out of the air ... on the fly , she have yank the gleam blade out of its sheath and flashed it up in warning . the japanese be impressed . obviously , helen know she way around a knife . she turn back to Morgan and scowl at he . he avert he eye and move towards he horse . the japanese push the woman below and pull back the plank . wanda see you on the wave , drifter . they close the hatch and dive . Morgan turn back and watch the bubbles ripple to the surface as the sub sink and sink ... cuT to : inside the sub . night . the galley be a cramped , claustrophobic affair with steam hissing from leaky valve . Water drip down in several location cause swamp of moss and corrosion . enola and helen be sleep in a pair of hammock which creak back and forth with the current . a large dark form sneak up on they . it 's fatty , hold a rope . he reach down for helen 's wrist ... .- but she spring bolt uprighti !! knife draw . enola blink she eye sleepily . helen I be warning you , hippo !! you touch I , you be sashimi . fatty withdraw grunting obscenity under he breath . CuT to : 43. the '' miranda '' . day . Morgan have return he barge to a semblance of order . he be busy at the stern haul in the kelp - trawling net . pull the drip strand of kelp into a big pile . then , he notice something shiny catch in the rope netting . he reach for it ... enola 's amulet !!! Morgan hold it up in the sun . he stare at the glass lens in disbelief . gaze out towards the empty horizon . look back at the lens . pensive ... as if on cue , the horse trot up to he . they stare at each other like lonely bachelor . morgan do not look at I like that . I already have my family . CUT to : the sub engine room . day . the submarine 's antiquated engine churn round and round like a break blender . wanda be replace the spark plug , oiling the valve . helen 's watch she while enola wander about aimlessly . wanda daihiro try to get in you pants ? that two-time $ .0.b ... he 's gettin 's sick of I , I can feel it . I like tie he up , you know ... kinky stuff . helen make a face . enola walk up , petulant and grumpy . enola I miss he . helen who ? enola the drifter . helen kow can you miss a pirate ?? enola look at she , frown . periscope pcv . a large flotilla . angle on spectacle . he pull away from the eye-piece and call out to the other . continued : 44 . ( cont . ) spectacle e arimasu fu-ne ! sho-gyo on - to . the japanese begin jabbering amongst themselves . helen what 's go on ? wanda a flotilla . they think they will get thirty gallon of gas for you . helen do they say anything special about my girl ? wanda no . why ? helen just wonder ... CuT to : the surface . the sub emerge near a nondescript platform in the center of a maze of boat . the hatch squeak open . fatty pop he head out ... immediately , several men race over with machine gun . a one - legged man climb down from a crow 's nest with a dueling pistol . two men swing onto a nearby platform on rope with dagger in they mouth . everyone have a triangular mark on they forehead ... one - leg hi ho , mate . dropped in for tea , do we ? CUT to : later . the prisoner be escort by a platoon of pirate towards the main platform . helen look around grimly . enola notice a familiar face among the escort -- it 's Troy !! but he look like a pirate now -- warpaint , dreadlock ... he 's carry a spear . enola Troy !! it 's I !?! troy ( whisper ) . sshhh !!! I can not talk to you ... CUT to : the prisoner " stockade " boat . e angel stare out of the small bar window , watch the commotion . continued : 45 . ( cont ... ) angel Son of a bitch . look who 's here ... cur to : the throne platform . the procession arrive under the great water tower . the trio of japanese bow deferentially . wanda , helen and enola stand alongside . there be a wave of murmuring among the pirate , as finger point towards enola 's tattoo . carlos move up to the throne to brief lazlo . carlo the ' jap say they know nothing . they steal ‘em from a drifter . the woman - and kid be not talk . lazlo ( point to fatty ) keep blubber - beliy alive . kill he mate in a way no one will forget . carlos walk up to the japanese trio . nonchalantly , he slip he hand into a pair of rubber glove . the japanese eye he cautiously -- what 's he do ? a couple of pirate wheel over a glass fish tank . there appear to be eel inside . carlos reach in and grab one in each hand . he swing they around by they tail , building speed ... suddenly , he fling they forward . they swish through the air and coil like bolas around the neck of spectacles and the oid immediately , they head light - up like firework ... they be electric eel !! the japanese grab desperately , try to wrench the eel from they neck . fatty watch he mate in horror . electric bolt be shoot out of they ear . they eye light up like torch ... then , they collapse to the ground . fatty stare in stunne silence . lazio study he reaction . then , turn he attention to the woman . helen stare up at he defiantly . without a word , he amble over to she . Real ciose . enola gaze up at he tower frame . lazlo glance at enola , then back to helen . Eye to eye . he smile . helen if you so much as touch she , I will rip you ball clear out of the sack . lazlo look at she for as moment . chuckle . laugh a little . then , guffaw in a great roar . cur to : 46 . extreme close up - a water drop . pear shape , swell . it reach the critical mass and fall , disintegrate on impact . landing on human skin . somebody 's nose . we follow as the drop rivulet down the bridge and fall again off the nose tip . widen : the nose belong to helen . her head be strapped in the harness of some kind of torture chair . a water reservoir suspend above dribble out single drop of drink water . tantalize , down she nose , pass millimeter from she lip ... it 's high coon and she could sure use a drink . but any movement of she jaw pull the hinge door of another reservoir , release a stream of salt on to she face . great mirrcez have be set up around she to focus additional sunlight om she . the heat be intense ... drip , drip , drip ... helen can not stand it any longer . she open she mouth for a drink but they avalanche of salt pour out . she gag ... helen ... do not know anything !!! the salt pour on . she spit through it . helen let m... gol !! ... please !! more saic . she gag . ' helen where 's ...nolat !! let I see ... heriit her mout= == foam up with salt . helen shut she eye . tear st>ee=m down she flushed cheek . lazio have =r where he want she . he stroll up and remove the salt harmess . lazlo what do the tattoo mean ? helen ( sobbing ) I do not know , I swear . please , please , do not hurt she . let I see she . please ... lazlo what 's the glass circle for ? continued : ad 47 . {cont . ) helen ( proken ) I do not know anything . please ... I be swear . lazlo tuxm to he man . lazlo take she down . call the doc. lazlo' yacht . it be a huge boat with jarringly eclectic decor . though generally nautical in theme , there be everything from arabesque ottoman to chinese screen , all arrange in the epitome of ostentation . enola be seat in a plush chair . nervous . helmer stand behind she . the sound of breaking glass . voice ( 0.8 . ) shit ... angle on : the " doc " , a obese quack with jaundice skin and rotting tooth . he be fumble over a cart of surgical instrument . boc where the fuck be that piece of shit needle ? he 's shaking like a addict in rehab . he plunge he plump hand into a pile of medical hardware , spilling several probe on to the floor and find a huge trocar syringe , old and rusted . boc hold the fuck fish . nsmile weakly ) please , sir . lazio move in and steady a flap pirukuru fish with he enormous hand . the Doc guide the formidable syringe towards the puffer , but he hand be shaking epileptically ... lazlo it 's in the liver . boc I know , I know . . I fuck know . abruptiy , he plunge the needle into the fish and withdraw a full vile of slimy , greenish fluid . enola watch in horror as the fish cease to struggle . now it 's she turn ... continued : a8 . { cont . ) she scream as Helmut hold she arm and the Doc inject she with the green bile . she struggle , lash out ... weaken .. , ... she eye droop ... lazlo move close to she . lazlo can you hear I ? enola {zombie - like ) yes. lazlo tell I about the tattoo . enola ow...ouch ... hurt !!! ow .. she begin to cry . not a little girl whimper , it 's a baby bawling . . - lazlo who do it ? what do it mean ?? she sob and scream , ignore he . lazlo ( angry ) what about the glass pendant ?? enola ( relax ) pretty ... two circle ... baby like glass ... lucky amulet ... two lense , that 's the secret . lazlo two ?? where 's the second ? enola ... the drifter ... he save I ... lazlo turm to Helmut with a smile . smash CUT 70 : fatty look unteppy . wind and water splash into he face . a huge wave engul£s he . he gag ... pull back -- it 's keel - haul . he have be strapped to the underside c£ a bow . a cigarette boat , blasting over the wave at full throttle . forty - five knot of water bludgeon he face like a slecwe hammer . fatty be take a serious pound . reveal : a small pirate assault fleet rip across the open sea in the golden light of dawn . l lazlo and Helmut be on the lead ship . lazlo we be close enough . release the bird . continued : 49 . ( cont . ) Helmut pick up a small cage . Inside , there be a bird identical to the one we have see . Helmut open the door and grab it . he hurl it straight up in the air ... tne bird surge up some seventy - five foot . circle a few time to get its bearing . then , begin to fly due west . lazlo Alter course to 270 ° ... the formation swing to starboard . CUT to : the '' miranda . '' Morgan be fast asleep in he hammock . there be a fluttering sound , Morgan open he eye and notice ... ... the bird !! he blink a few time . be this a dream ? then , suddenly it dawns on he . he leap up ... the deck . Morgan pick up he spyglass , scan the horizon . nothing ... but now there 's a distant sound -- approaching engine . Morgan - point he scope eastward , towards the sound . - spyglass Pov . the early morning sun make the ocean shimmer . mirage-like , barely visible through the undulate ripple , a fleet of vessel advance ... on morgan . he be momentarily stunne -- it 's finally happen !! abruptly , Morgan begin to rush around the barge , prepare for the imminent attack . he iead he horse to the ster edge , push he off ... morgan goon . get out of here ! the horse stare at he blankly , tread water . impulsively , Morgan take the amiet from he neck , lean down and put it around that of the horse . morgan you will need all the luck you can get . he smack its rear and the horse begin to swim away . Morgan vace to the barrel -- set the booby - trap . he rush to a locker . pull out the oxygen container . grab he spear gun . load two bolt and pump it up . a belt of extra ammo . he toss all this gear into a small tight - weave net ... continued : 50 . the pirate . almost within strike distance . four vessel in all . morgan . grab some fish from he drying rack . Fish ?? he hack it up with a machete until the fish bleed . what 's he up to ? Morgan toss this into a second net . now he tie both net into bundle , attaches they to separate painter line ... the sound of automatic gunfire . riccos rip into the wooden hull ... Morgan duck and quickly toss both net bundle overboard . bullet spray over he head . Morgan keep cool . he reach for arag , a stick . tye they together and ... .«.. xraise the white flag !!! voice ( 0.s. ) hold you FIRE !! the shoot stop . Morgan stand there , arm raise in surrender . ' the pirate vessel heave to alongside the barge . a pirate jump aboard with a m-60 ... morgan I give up ! do not kill I ... pirate ( leveling the gun at he ) easy ... drifter . easy . suddenly , Morgan 's jaw drop . he stare at the pirate in front of he . the eye -- one blue , one green . God , can it be ? extreme close - up - morgan' eye stare , think back ... flashback a young Morgan , in the ocean , bleed . swallow mouthful of water . he call out . morgan blake !!! jump ... quick ! he Pov . a small barce surround by pirate ship . the little boy be sobbing over the body of he mother . lazlo , look maybe fifteen year young , move up behind he . he yank the boy viciously by the hair ... a large wave sweep Morgan back , slamming he head against a float timber . the Pov submerges , underwater ... ..- he sink and sink ... continued : si. ( cont . } ... 8 truggling to swim . he kick desperately , pull himself back up . break the surface , just in time to see ... boqommmmi it the barge explode in a massive fireball ... as pirate ship retreat . back to present . Morgan eye tell it all -- he never see he son actually die . voice ( 0.s. ) } search this thing ! it 's lazlo ! Morgan stare at he with venom . Pirates begin to poke around the barge . Helmut be guard Morgan with a gun . Morgan signal he with he eye . morgan { whisper ) blake ? Helmut stare blankly . morgan it 's I !! do not you recognize I ? lazlo saunter over . lazlo what 's he say ? helmut I do not know , father . Father ?? Morgan can hardly believe he ear . he see lazlo , the cape of feather . his heart be pound ... lazlo hold up the large amulet with a pleasant smile . lazlo we be look for this . can you help we ? Morgan be silent . lazlo ( to helmut } torture he . immediately , Morgan be restrain by carlos and dieter who pince he azm with he prosthetic hand - clamp . helmut ( to a pirate ) get I the vice . the pirate hand he a small instrument of torture -- what seem to be a lerge cigar-cutter : join with two twist nut - cracker . ee hoid it up in front of Morgan 's face . continued : $ 2 . ( cont ... ) helmut this will turn you into a woman , asshole . Morgan stare back , eye plead for recognition . morgan he 's not you father . you know that , do not you ? Helmut swing the metal vice across Morgan 's face , draw blood . helmut you wanna lose you dick , old man ? meanwhile , lazlo have be poke around the barrel . he reach out to pull of the lid ... close angle - lazlo' finger reaching for the booby - trap . any second ... morgan ( 0.s. ) waitt ! on morgan totally flustered . bewildere ... morgan it 's ... it 's booby - trap . I ... uh ... suddenly , Morgan duck down , wriggle free from the pirate 's grip . he scramble towards the edge . Helmut fire but miss . Morgan leap overboard . helmut the shark ! carlos move towards the submerge cage . he open the door . a shark fin shoot out after Morgan . the water foam up with blood . the shark thrashes wildly , relishing the kill ... underwater . we see Morgan , unharme . he 's release the bundied net of bleed fish scrap . the shark be attack the decoy ! Morgan grab the oxygen container from the other net . suck in some air . ee can see distort figure move around on he boat . but cow he see something dangle underwater near the edge of the boat ... .«». the horse !!! they have find it ... +.a muffled gunshot ... ... the water redden with blood . the horse go limp . . Morgan 's face become contort in agony ... continued : a 53 . above . lazio lean down and yank the amulet off the float carcass of the horse . lazlo how convenient . pull it out before the shark get it . his man haul the bleed shark aboard . lazlo they really prefer people . he gesture towards dieter who grab fatty and push he overboard . he scream as the shark converge . they watch the feed frenzy with glee . then , carlos spool in the shark leash , haul it back into its cage . lazlo let 's move out . morgan . underwater . he can see they drag the dead horse onto a boat , load booty . Morgan look around . he grab one of the net , cut some hole into it with he speargun tip . he slip he arm and . leg through the hole -- it 's a makeshift harness . . Morgan dive deeper and swim under one of the pirate vessel . he tie the net off to the eye-hook on the keel . he pull the oxygen valve to he mouth and wait ... above . one by one , the pirate vessel begin to peel off . underwater . Morgan be pull along under the belly of one of they . he 's hitching a ride ... : : lazlo' boat . it 's idling some distance from the " miranda . " lazlo turn back with he bazooka . fire ... a colossal explosion ! 1 ! the boat splinter into a million piece , soar two-hundred foot into the air ... helmut he be not lie about the booby - trap . lazlo but why do he tell we ? this question hang there as the shrapnel rain down around they , splash into the ocean and we dissolve to : 54 . pirate prison stockade . night . wanda be look through the steel bar of the small porthole window . there 's the sound of laughter and music . she turn to she cellmate -- helen , angel and mola . wanda now 's the time to make we move . no doubt about it . it 's some kinda celebration . helen let I take a look . wanda move aside so helen can see . helen ( horror ) oh God ... enola what be it ? helen no , enola . stay away !! but enola push up for a glimpse . Pov through window . all the pirate be gather on the distant tower platform , converge around something roasting on a fire -- a unmistakable silhouette ... .-. it 's the horse !! on enola a look of agonize horror . enola they kill the drifter !! it 's all my fault ... on the platform . a one - eye goon slap he buddy on the back . one - eye when 's the last time you taste animal ? friend ( salivate ) never ... one - eye it 's better than snuff - sex ! we pan around the group of feast pirate and reveal lazio on he throne , Helmut at he side . continued : 55 . ( cont . } lazlo eat up , my son ! you deserve it . he hold up the glass amulet in triumph . lazlo now we have the secret to Water 's end ! the pirate cheer . lazio turn to Helmut . lazlo put this lense in my safe ... {hands he the amulet ) tomorrow we will figure out how they work . Helmut waik away with the lense . in a nearby group , the '' Doc '' glance around nervously . then , discretely , withdraw into the shadow . we tilt down into the murky water below the platform . a dark figure pop he head up -- it 's Morgan ... he Pov . several dozen boat surround the platform . a veritable maze of '' canal between they . Pirates jump from boat to boat converge '' towards the '' main attraction " -- roasting animal flesh . Morgan glance at lazlo for a moment . then , look the other way and spot Helmut make he way up the ramp of lazlo 's impressive yacht . about fifty yard dead across the '' canal . " . on morgan should be easy enough . he take a deep breath and dive ... underwater . ten yard , twenty . slow but steady progress . a stern board ladder , dead ahead . smooth underwater breast stroke . but now , from behind ... a guard shark !!! converge like a torpedo ... Morgan double he effort . ten more yard to the ladder . will he make it ? the shark close in . Morgan stroke as fast as he can . the shark open its jaw . Morgan reach desperately . the shark lunge for he leg but ... twang ii stop inch short . it 's on a leash . the stunne shark back off in frustration . tries to lunge again . but the leash stop it just shy of Morgan on the ladder . Morgan catch he breath . climb up . continued : 56 . lazlo' yacht . it 's a rope ladder on the stern . Morgan look up . thirty foot to the main deck . will he be notice ? he start up , rung by vung ... he look to he leave . all the pirate be focus on the impending feast . a few more rung . he look up ... a young pirate stare right down at he !! it 's Troy , patrol the deck ... Morgan look at he . will he sound the alarm ? Troy hesitates ... voice ( 0.8 . ) get over here boy ! I be not do with you yet ... Troy back off . Morgan breathes a sigh of relief . he climb up to the rail . and peer over . Troy be follow carlos , who 's carry a pair of sword ... Morgan wait until they be out of sight and quietly haul himself onto the deck ... CUT to : meanwhile . on the stern of the '' stockade " boat . the " Doc " climb on board with a lecherous smile . he address a sear guard . boc who 's available ? guard all of ‘em . everybody just want to eat animal tonight . boc ( he eye light up ) I will take the feisty one . the '' Doc hand he something round and shiny -- a pearl . the guard bite into it . satisfied of its authenticity , he drop it in a small cash box with a haif - dozen other pearl . he unlock the stockade . guard help yerself . inside . the " Doc " exter with a big grin . helen smile back at he . helen I hope it 's I you want . the " Doc " can hardly believe he ear . he approach she ... but wanda leap out and loop she manacle around he neck , break it with a sicken crack . continued : 57 . ( cont . } wanda wow ... that kinda turn I on ... angel grab the key . quickly , they unlock they chain . outside . the guard be stare idly at the roasting horse and surround activity . behind he , the door creak open . guard ( without turn ) talk about a quickie ... helen sneak out , reach for he knife . it 's sheathed on he hip . helen 's fingertip : stretch towards the knife handle ... suddenly , he turn !! helen yank out the knife and plant it into he rib . his eye lock open in freeze shock . helen ograb he gun ) I hate quicky . CUT back to : lazlo 's yacht . two sentries be patrol the main deck . one of they spot something ahead . sentry well lookee here . it 's a feather attach to a scrap of cloth . he reach down for it but it move suddenly ... elude he grasp . he lunge but again it skitter away from he . round the corner ... the sentry frown . be it just the night breeze ? he stomp after it . around the corner . it 's Morgan play the old monofilament trick . he reel in the feather . the sentry come after it . and , in a flash , the nylon become a garotte around he neck ... with the other sentry . wait for he friend 's return . a voice come from around the corner . voice ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) hey . come see this . he frown . something fishy here . he unsheath he dagger . edge up to the corner ... pause , back to the wall , peek ... he Pov . a glimpse of a body lie ' motionless on the deck -- someone get he buddy !! his instinct be right , it 's a trap . continued : 58 . { cont . } the ambusher mst be wait just like he be -- back to the wall , right on the other side of the corner . the sentry ready he knife ... then suddenly ... lunge round the corner !! the knife connect with flesh . the ambusher collapse into he arm . but it 's not Morgan !! it 's the first sentry propped into a stand position ... Morgan be the guy on the ground , '' play dead . " he grab the second sentry by the ankle . twist he down to the deck . his head slam down against the ground . out cold . CUT to : lazlo' quarter Helmut walk across the ostentatious owner 's cabin towards a safe on the far wall , amulet dangle from he neck . he start to dial in the combination . . voice stop ! Helmut turn to find Morgan aim he spear gun at he . relmut you again ! morgan yeah . you can not run away from I . that scar on you leave arm . you have have it all you life , right ? how could I know that ? because you be a baby when it happen . Helmut look at the scar -- be that just a lucky guess ? morgan he attack we . kill you mother . I think you be dead . but he must have take you . you have to remember that ! I know you do ... Helmut suddeniy drop to he knee , cover he face in he relmut oh God ... Morgan approach he softly , hand outstretch ... but , suddenly , Helmut lash out , swatting the speargun from he hand !! he slug he in the jaw with a right ... leave , thena great head - butt in the forehead that send Morgan reeling silly to the floor . helmut should have die the first time , drifter . now I be gonna make it really hurt ... Helmut kick he in the gut . . Morgan groans . continued : ay 59 . ( cont . ) relmut sorry , pop . just my rebellious phase . another kick send Morgan 's jaw snap sideways like a mouse - trap . blood gush down from he nose ... he finger stretch out for the spear gun ... Helmut stomp down on he hand .... but now Morgan wrench he ankle out from under he -- same move as with the sentry . Helmut crash down to the ground . Morgan grab he gun and bonk he on the head , knock he out ... CUT to : somewhere . in the flotilla . Morgan be drag helmit 's unconscious body through the shadowy platform . Morgan have disguise himself with pirate warpaint and headgear . there be voice . Morgan freeze ... a couple of pirate round the bend , suck on horse rib . ' they spot Morgan ... and the body ! ist pirate hey . what 's this ? morgan ( silly grin} too mich kelp cider ... I be put he to bed . 2 nd pirate Helmut do not drink . morgan yeah . that 's what happen when you be not use to it ... 1st pirate well , who the hell be you ?? I be not see you before ... morgan Ho , ho , that 's funny ... you guy musta be drink too , huh ? the pair eye he suspiciously . Morgan try to keep grin ... then : morgan puck this ... he blast two round with he spear gun . bull -eye in both heart ... CUT to : the " training " platform . we be in a remote corner of the flotilla . a twenty - foor dueling ring surround by a margin of break glass shard . continued : 60 . ( cont . ) carlos and Troy be sparring with two -hande sword . Troy can barely lift he weapon . while carios slashes effortlessly through the air use he good hand . clang !!! Troy retreat . he barely block that last one . again , the sword come slash around . clang !!! Troy 's foot be inch from the deadly glass perimeter ... carlo come oni ! be you go to die like you friend ??? clang !!! Troy 's arm be weaken ... carlo keep you sword up , you little wimp !!! clang !!! that one send Troy limping backwards . he scream as the glass cut up he foot ... carlos lower he sword . carlo you have enough ?? Troy nod , lower he sword . wooosh ... here come the blade !!! Troy duck in the nick of time . the sword swishes a hair 's width above he head . carlo never let down you guard !!! you hopeless moron . I oughta kill you right now . Troy begin to tremble slightly . he 's break . carlos laugh sadistically . carlo you belong with the woman . ... but then a huge sword come burst through he abdomen !!! carlos go bug -ey , gurgle blood , collapse . angel Fucking sexist !! she look down at he freeze body . Troy break into a big grin . angel smile back , grab he hand . angel let 's get out of here . troy ( toa carlo ) never let down you guard , asshole . CUT to : the fueling dock . wanda , helen and enola , armed with club and other weapon , be sneaking along the shadowy platform along which the attack cigarette boat be moor . continued : 61 . ( cont . ) they pause behind several dozen oil drum of fuel . there be the distant sound of the ongoing celebration . helen look around . the coast seem clear . helen ( point to a boat ) let 's take the yellow one . ( to wanda ) you take care of the goodbye present . helen crawl round the barrel and come face to face with ... ...a sentry !! she slam he with the club but he duck , pin she against the barrel which avalanche down . he raise he speargun and stop ... recognize she ! it 's Morgan . morgan surprise to see I , huh ? kelen I think you be dead ... morgan other people make that mistake too . enola peek around and see Morgan . she run up and give he a hug . but Morgan push she off . enola look hurt ... morgan I know I should have kill you right off . you show people some mercy and they go and stab you in the back . angle on helmut be he little finger twitching slightly ? helen ( 0.s. ) what be you talk about ? close - wanda she poke she head out from hide . wanda you two at it again ? you ever consider marriage counseling ? helen ( 0.s. ) just rig that booby trap , will you ? wanda smirk and pull out a fishing net . she start to cut it up in small square with the knife ... morgan ( 0.s. ) oho ! a quick getaway now ? Real smooth plan . almost too smart for you own good . continued : 62 , ( cont . } as Morgan and helen continue argue , we follow enola who have spot the glass amulet on Helmut 's neck . her eye light up . enola ( to herself ) both of they ! they really be lucky ... she kneel down beside Helmut , reach out to pull they off . lean dangerously close ... helen ( 0.s. ) you think I be up to something ? say it . morgan ( 0.s. ) do not play innocent with I . you set I up with the pirate . make some sweet little deal . and now this be the big double - cross . just remember one thing , lady . Pirates do not think too much when they be mad . they just kili . one of the the amilet chain be stick . mola struggle to lift Helmut 's torso -- do he just blink slightly ? helen ( 0.s. ) I set you up ?? hah !! do not flatter yourself , drifter . I would have be lucky to get a half a jug of hydro for you . ... suddenly Helmut 's hand spring up round enola 's neck !! he 's come alive . enola scream ... Helmut be strangling she with the amulet ... Morgan turm . helen pull out the gun . aim it at helmt 's head , she fire but Morgan dive at she arm ... ... send the gun , fly into the water !! helen glare at he . morgan that 's my sont ! helen look at he in utter bewilderment . cuT to : the tower platform . lazlo spin suddenly towards the sound of gunfire . he turn to a large goon . lazlo what be that ? the goon shrug . lazlo where 's Helmut ? tne goon shrug again . continued : 63 . ( cont . ) lazlo get a patrol out there ! now !! CUT back to : the '' fueling '' platform . now Helmut be stand up , hold mola '' hostage '' in a choke hold . helmut everybody freeze ... hand up , real slow . they comply . relmut you , too ... he point . to wanda who 's be busy load extra fuel drum on the yellow boat . wanda stand up and . look at he . helmut now ... we be all go back to join the celebration . single file ... wanda hesitates ... helmut move it ! or I will kill she ! helen piease , wanda ... wanda hey , it 's every drifter for themselves . I do not even like the kid . helmut good ... ' Cause I be go to break she little neck . enola scream . Helmut start to twist the the glass medallion , tightening the chain around enola 's neck ... helen nol!t! noi ! enola 's face be turn blue when ... bonk !!! Helmut fall down , unconscious . it 's Troy and angel . ( Bet you be wonder when they would show up . ) angel I be ready to leave now . helen rush towards enola . she pick she up and carry she into the yellow boat . wanda be already at the control . she fire it up . angel and Troy jump in ... Morgan hesitates on the dock , look down at Helmut ... continued : 64 . ( cont . ) helen let 's gol ! wanda slam the boat into gear . but enola cover the throttie . enola wait ! the drifter ! angel that guy ? look like a pirate . helen he be ... enola no . he save my life !! {to morgan ) come on , quick ... now haif - a- dozen armed pirate spill onto a nearby platform , across the '' canal . " they spot they ... pirate hey !! hold it ... helen pull enola 's hand off the throttle . helen ( to wanda ) get move !! the boat begin to pull away . Morgan stare at it , freeze ... he look back at Helmut ... gunfire erupt around he ... the pirate be close in ... pirate kill they . shoot !!! mergan look at he . look at helmt ... think ... suddenly , Morgan turn towards the yellow boat . he run to the edge of the platform and dive ... but he hand miss the rail !! ..- enola throw he the stern line . he grab the rope ... ... wanda kick it into full power , and the boat surge out towards the open sea , drag Morgan along behind ... ... the pirate converge on the platform and jump into pursuit vessel . engine roar to life ... ... a pirate throw he into gear and there be a calamitous groan !! he look back towards the outboard ... pirate wait !! net in the prop !! continued : a 65 . ( cont . } but no one can hear he over the sound of engine . the other boat start up and foul they propeller ... in the ocean . the yellow boat speed out into the black night , leave the pirate flotilla far back in its wake ... Morgan have haul himself aboard . he look exhaust ... empty . helen turn to he ... helen I think you son be dead . morgan he be ... aerial angle . the wake of the moon seem to race along with the tiny boat as they head out into the vast ocean ... angel' voice cut the engine when we be out of eye - sight . if they can not hear we , they will never find we at night . dissolve to : the next day . ~ everyone 's asleep except angel . and she 's yawn . it 's just daybreak . the yellow boat be drift alone . angel move up to helen . give she a nudge ... she leap up , ready to fight . angel whoah , kiddo . it 's dawn , that 's all . helen ( groggy ) you see anything . angel Nah . Three - sixty of flat and clear . helen ( point to morgan ) what about he ? angel a intense guy . nightmares all night . you sure know how to pick them , sis . helen ~ shut up , will you ? how much petrol ? angel about two hundred mile worth . continued : 66 , ( cont . ) helen @ let 's go south . cur to : minute later . the yellow boat rip south across the open sea . Morgan move up to helen . morgan this be nut . you do not run from pirate you can not see . that 's burn petroi for nothing . just drift and take you chance . helen yeah . you be the expert on pirate , huh ? morgan no ... you be . helen listen , drifter . for what it 's worth , I think you be a asshole but I do not set you up . Morgan be silent . helen grab a hold of Troy . helen hey , kid . you should know how pirate think . you almost become one . what dtyou think we oughta do ? troy . run like hell . helen ( to morgan ) sorry , pal . you be outvote . dissolve to : night . helen be tucking enola into a berth in the forward cabin . helen you have the last watch , I will wake you up when it 's time . if we run out of petrol , just keep we drift south . enola o.k. helen time to float away now ... she give she a kiss , get up to leave . continued : 67 . ( cont . ) enola e wait ... can I have a story ? helen hesitates . ' enola please ... helen o.k. , dolphin . if you promise to close you eye . ( take a breath ) one day , deep in the deep blue , a little fish come across a sink chest . it be beautiful and shiny so he know there be something precious inside . he try to open it but the latch be stick . no matter how hard he pull , they just would nor budge . outside . Morgan be lie roll up in a blanket against the starboard rail . he 's also listen to helen 's story which drift out through the porthole window . helen ( 0.s. ) then , he notice a killer whale swim by . and the little fish say : '' you be the strongest in the sea , will you help I open my chest ? " the whale say , " sure . " but instead of open it , he swallow the chest up whole . '' now the chest belong to I , " he laugh ... Morgan lean near the window , take a peak inside . he Pov . helen 's eye be sparkling in the light of the gas lantern . there 's something hypnotic about she whisper voice , something mesmerize . helen the little fish be very mad . he find a school of hammerhead shark and tell they that the whale have a valuable chest in he stomach . the greedy shark lung at the whale and rip a hole in he belly ... inside . enola 's eye pop open in horror . helen smile and slowly close enola 's eyelid with she finger . continued : 68 . ( cont . } helen you promise , enola ... in the background , we see Morgan stare in at mother and child , a look of long in he eye . helen continue , she tone calm and reassure . helen the chest fall out , but by now , ali the fish in the sea have hear about the chest and there be a huge fight over it . in the struggle , it open up and they all gather round to look inside . but there be nothing except a small , dead goldfish , everyone turn to the little fish . " there 's nothing in there , " they shout , " this chest be worthless . at that moment , a old wise dolphin swim up to the group . he say : '' there be sweet water in that chest ; worthless to you , but worth life to that goldfish . now , there be nothing ... " helen look at enola . fast asleep , float away into she dream . dissolve to : hour later . the first light of dawn be break and enola be at the helm . the other be asleep below . the engine sputter a few time and die . no more gas . it be completely stiil , save the sound of lapping water against the hull . the vessel be on the cusp of a fog bank . as it drift , the cotton- like fog become thicker and thicker , until it be milky white ... now even the water become obscure by the thick creamy haze . enola look around in awe . everything beyond the boat have disappear into whiteness ... .+. enola turn slowly round , sweeping the " non-panorama " ... +..0 n the starboard side , the fog be as thick as anywhere but something seem to be out there ... +..a presence ... --- enola notice something move on the bow . a small white bird -- it 's a dovetil she can scarcely believe she eye . she move closer to the bird who retreat modestly . Morgan wake up nearby . he blink he eye , notice the bird . enola see he ... enola it 's Water 's end !! we be near ... continued : 63 . ( cont , ) Morgan stare at it ... morgan shit !! wake everybody up , quick . it 's the pirate . ..- suddenly , the bird flap its wing and take off ... enola follow the bird with she eye until it disappear in the whiteness ... enola ( excited ) no it 's Water 's end ! I can feel it . she strain to see through the haze ... surely , there be something out there . a huge presence , loom just behind the veil of whiteness . it 's become more visible , the boat seem to be drift towards it ... ..-. something solid and massive ... ... Morgan stand up ... ... suddenly , it burst into visibility ... ... a enormous wall of steel ... ... the cigarette boat be right alongside it . ' they could reach out and touch it , it 's so close ... ... enola stare up , mouth agape , at the vast perimeter of steel , soar into the sky for hundred of foot , extend horizontally in both direction as far as thé eye can see . the surface be coarse and weathered , paint peel , pocket of rust form ... enola I nom home ... cuT to : long shot . everyone be awake , stare up at the surreal perimeter like sinner at the gate of heaven . Boat , steel curtain , and whiteness be all that there be . they paddle along the barrier , search for its limit ... ... now it seem to be change angle , the wall be beginning to slope in a overhang . at the water level , it begin to recede ; overhead , it project outward . finally , the wall end ina sloping diagonal ... they paddle the cigarette boat across the edge of the wall . it 's almost thick as it be tall . on the other side , it sweep back in a identical mirror image ... troy opoint up ) look!i! continued : 70 , ( cont . ) he 's point to some write high up on the wall . ' the fade letter read : '' u.s.s. bridgeston " it 's a ship !!! cur to : later . the group be make its way up a endless diagonal ramp that be suspend along the hull . the cigarette boat seem like a toy , hundred of foot below at the base of the ramp . they sea leg be wobbly , unaccustom to such solid ground . for the first time , it 's not roll below they . Morgan lead with he speargun draw . the other follow with a mixture of caution and bewilderment . the deck . the group emerge onto the vast plane of the deck . it be just above the fog layer so the huge plateau seem to be float on a endiess sea of whiteness . the area be larger than a dozen football field strung out end to end . towards the stern , a massive bridge soar up several storey . the surface be dot with plant and animal life . several gnarly olive tree be grow somehow , burst through the deck from pocket where enough earth have gather to sustain they . a small bird colony have form , with pelican dive bombing the water for food to bring back to they young . Morgan look around . '' there 's not a human in sight ... morgan this place be too quiet . stay here , I 'ii check she out . wanda I be go with . CUT to : below . Morgan and wanda make they way along the darken corridor in the bowel of the old boat . wanda have the lantern from the cigarette boat ... .-. water drip from a nearby valve . not a soul in sight ... ... they move deeper and deeper into the recess of the ship . the corridor be get darker , moldy ... wanda hey , drifter . you a ' I could do some good thing on this floater . if we team up , you know what I mean ? I could make you , scream ... continued : 71 , { conti Morgan frown . they come to a t-juncture , where the hall split in two direction ... morgan you go that way . CUT to : the deck . we be a moving Pov . a mysterious person , stalking through some oil drum . we peek around a barrel and spot helen , enola , angel and Troy wait near the mouth of the diagonal board ramp . helen what 's take so long ?? helen glance suddenly in we direction and we duck back ... CUT back to : below . wanda enter a large darken chamber . there be a low ambient murmur of squeaking . wanda adjust she lantern , to raise the flame . the room begin to glow and she notice ... ... a ocean of rat !!! Wall -to-wali squirming rodent , surround she , run across ; she foot . wanda smile broadly , lick she lip . - wanda lunch ... CUT to : morgan . in another part of the endless hall . almost pitch black here . he 's in a corridor line with anonymous door . he try one . it 's lock . tries another . empty closet ... CUT to : the mysterious Pov . still stalk the foursome on deck . angel turn to helen . helen I do not trust that two . troy should I go after they ? angel stay here . we might have to make a quick getaway ... we duck back inte hide . pause a moment . then scurry off through the machinery ... CUT back to : 72 , morgan . he reach out to another door . it open with a creak ... seem to be the Captain 's cabin . he step ... inside . dusty , cobweb ... mossy wall . a shaft of light from the window . Morgan glance at the wide , double -berth . the cover be lumpy -- could someone be sleep in it ? Morgan advance , speargun raise ... he reach towards the cover , yank they back ... .. skeleton !! Three people , maybe four . but what 's strange be the bone -- they be all jet black ... CUT to : the deck . everyone 's back , gather for a meeting . enola what 's '' Black bone ? " helen a plague just before you be bear . it wipe out whole flotilla . all they bone become black ... Troy look at she in horror ... angel do not worry . it 's not contagious anymore , the virus die with its victim . troy so this ship be ours . angel yeah . let 's see what we get . cuT to : on the deck . angel and t=oy have find a old pontoon plane near the bow . the central aisle of the deck form a short runway . Troy look at the plare curiously . troy what be this ? angel a airship . I see one once . troy it swim through the air , right ? continued : 73 . ( cont . ) angel yeah . how would you know ? troy like a bird ... CUT to : the stern deck . helen lead enola to a large hatch on the backside of the bridge tower . she swing it open and look down . helen it 's the engine room !! come on . inside . they make they way down the spiral staircase , descend into a volume of promethean proportion . a dizzying array of catwalk suspend above two mammoth turbine . twin steam drive screw with rack upon rack of support equipment . a stupendous network of pipe and tub . they come to the upper level in front of two giant reservoir . helen twist open the huge bleeder valve . some liquid trickle out . she wet she finger , taste it . helen distill water ! it 's steam power . enola this one 's fill with petrol ! they look at each other like jackpot winner . CUT to : the crew quarter . Morgan and wanda have find a small gymnasium , complete with nautilus machine , barbell , '' stairmaster " , rower and exercise bike . the machinery look spooky in the subdued light . Morgan enter , gun draw . wanda what be it ? morgan torture chamber , maybe ... wanda we could have a load of fun in here , for example . or be you just not into that ? suddenly , a hand clamp down over wanda 's mouth !!! Morgan turn -- it 's a little guy . no more than four and a half foot . mousy look . crack glass . a lab smock . he 's stand up on a stool in order to reach wanda 's mouth ... continued : 74 , ( cont .) man Drop you gun or I will kill she . morgan go ahead . she 's a pain in the ass . man ( perplex ) you be not suppose to say that ! with hardly any effort , wanda push he aside . he 's unarm . wanda who be you ? I think everybody on this tub die of blackbone ? man who be 1 ??? I be cornelius funky , inventor of the antidote for blackbone . who be you -- be more the point -- and what be you do on my ship ? morgan it 's a pretty big ship for just one guy , cornelius . you alone here ? cornelius no ... of course , not . there be my bodyguard . my harem , my ... wanda yeah , right . so what 's with this antidote . it do not work so good ? cornelius ( sheepish ) I only make enough for one dose ... CUT to : the mess hall . everyone be gather around the '' Captain 's table " for a celebration feast . there 's bottled '' designer '' water , bird 's egg and olive . cornelius be look very uncomfortable with the new campany . enola , next to he , take a swig of water ... enola ( giggle ) it tickle ... angel let out a loud belch . everyone laugh . helen come out of the pantry with a tray overflow with can . cornelius hey ... that 's my favorite paté . continued : 75 . ( cont . ) helen relax , cornelius . you have enough in there for six lifetime . helen begin pry open the can and hand they out . Troy try to bite a olive , discover the pit , hurt he tooth try to chew and finally spite it out . cornelius such table manners , young man ! be you all just a bunch of savage ? look at this girl ... she have a tattoo ! enola ( enjoy herself ) you like it ? . cornelius it look like a lunar eclipse . we happen to be have one tonight . what synchronicity ... Morgan stand up suddenly . morgan of course ... a eclipse !! troy what 's a eclipse ? Morgan move over towards enola , he expression intense . he take the amulet from she . hand he to cormelius . morgan this be lense , right ? cornelius so it would appear . a ocular and a diopter ... ( inspect they ) very high quality , I might add . undoubtedly for a telescope ... morgan that 's itit belen what ? morgan the secret !! ( to cornelius ) do you have something round , a sphere like the globe . a ball , anything ... cornelius I can do better than rhat . CUT to : 76 . the ship library . everyone be gather around Morgan for a demonstration . Long shaft of late - afternoon light streak through the porthole window . Morgan be hold up a globe , the kind with the mountain range raise up in bas-relief . morgan this be waterworld . before the great thaw , Water 's end be everywhere . then , the ocean rise and cover it all . everyone stare at what it use to be like . Morgan cross to a round white clock against the cabin wall . he point to it . morgan pretend that 's the moon . now , he hold the globe up in a shaft of light , casting a shadow on the wall . he '' move '' the shadow until it begin to " eclipse " the clock face . morgan during a eclipse , we move directly between the sun and the moon , casting a@ shadow ... now , only a '' crescent " of sunlit clock remain . identical in proportion to enola 's tattoo . morgan ( cont would ) but we be also spin at the same time . he begin to spin the globe on its axis , and suddenly , as if by magic , a triangular nick grow out of the shadow portion , cut into the crescent !!! it 's one of the bas-relief mountain . he have spun the globe so the tallest mountain be on the edge of the sphere -- the '' lem " of the earth -- casting a tiny triangular shadow against the clock - face . it 's exactly like the tattoo ! morgan that 's the nick in the tattoo . a piece of Water 's end so tall that it still stick out from the ocean . they look at he in stunne realization . a enlighten glow sweep across they face . enola be beam . enola I know you would help we ! helen ( frown ) how do you figure that out ? Morgan look at enola and smile . continued : a ( cont . ) 77 . morgan I close my eye and dream . troy all the searcher have be look down -- onto , the wave -- when the secret be to look up into the sky . helen why do not I think of that ? angel you want it too much . wanda look completely confuse . she 's the only one that do not get it . everyone nod . morgan enola 's parent ... or whoever give she the tattoo , send she with a clue that you could use from anywhere on the Planet . it do not matter where you be . you get the coordinate off the moon with a sextant . if the moon be overhead , then we would be here ... opoint to the globe ) .- ninety degree away from Water 's end . but if the moon be near the horizon , then it would be right behind we ... wanda hold it ... time out . be you tell I this kid drift from Water 's end ? wanda I like you better already , kid . Morgan turn to cornelius . : morgan what do you think of all this , cornelius ? cornelius fascinating . most impressive . particular you knowledge of astronomy . how can a savage know all this ? morgan . I have be plotting my course against the star for year . you say there 's gonna be a eclipse tonight . how can you know that ? continued : 78 . ( cont . ) cornelius simple , my boy ... opick up a book ) a almanac . morgan but how do you know what day it be ? cornelius point to a enormous stack of calender . cornelius the funky family have be keep track of the day for six generation . helen grab the '' amulet . " helen so wa need to rig this into a scope , right ? can you do it ? cornelius Young lady , there be nothing of which cornelius funky be incapable . cur to : sunset . Morgan be alone on the bridge terrace , deep in think . now , there 's the SOUND of hoofbeat ... Morgan look down and can scarcely believe he eye ... there , below he on the deck , a white stallion , gallop carefree on the vast open plane . back and forth it run , shaking it 's main , neigh up on its hind leg . almost surreal in the late-afternoon light ... voice ( 0.s. } hi ... Morgan spin , crash out of he daydream . it 's enola ... enola why do you look so sad ? we be go to Water 's endj morgan yeah ... she sit down beside he . he hesitates , then turn . : morgan you think you will recognize you real parent when you see they again ? enola I do not know , morgan I wonder how long it take to forget . 79 . the bridge . night . cornelius have jerry -rigged a telescope out of a piece of metal piping . he put he eye to it and check the focus mechanism . the other watch behind he . cornelius perfect . enola can I see ? he let she take a look . Pov through telescope . the moon in all it 's glory . shine proud , full flawless . mighty crater rise majestically round the perimeter of the Sea of tranquility ... cornelius ( 0.s. ) the eclipse will not begin for another six hour , so I suggest we all get some rest . wanda ( 0.s. ) what 's a hour ? on cornelius dumbfound . he pull out a pocket watch , wind it up . cornelius savage ... ( point ) hour . there be twenty four ina day . cur to : a petty officer's cabin . enola and helen be share the ample double - berth . enola be sound asleep , but helen 's eye be wide open . she stare up at the ceiling . glance to look at enola for a moment . then , get up and move to the door . cur to : another cabin . Morgan 's awake too . there a light knock . morgan yeah ? it 's helen . helen I could not sleep . Morgan look at she for a moment . continued : 80. ( cont . } morgan come in . she sit at the foot of the bed . helen I think it would be a shame if we do not give be friend a chance . morgan it 's better than beat each other up all the time . helen smile . Morgan smile back . they be both smile . this , we have never see . Morgan sit up . he inch closer to she . she let he . he lift he hand . put it on she cheek . feel she skin . she close she eye . leans . they kiss ... ... and begin to make love . dissolve to : moonrise over seascape . it 's rippling wake come towards we like a ribbon of white . complete serenity , then ... '' «+ vrooommmm ! ! 1 ... a blur of pass vessel . one after another . dozen upon '' dozen . a endiess convoy of pirate boat ... cuT to : enola . her eye pop open , as if suddenly rouse by a karmic alarm . helen 's not there . she jump out of bed and run out ... CUT to : the bridge . cornelius be asleep at the navigation table . his head , lay down on the board , surround by a half - dozen wind - up alarm clock . mola rush up , look out the observation window . her Pov . the entire pirate armada surround the tanker !!! fanning out in attack formation . enola cornelius !! quickt ! on cornelius snap up , disorient . he start slapping the alarm clock around he . enola look ! 81 . several minute later . cornelius move towards a closet and swing the door cpen with a flourish . it 's pack with automatics and semis . a veritable arsenal . everyone be awake behind he , stare at the weapon . cornelius I have be wait so long to use this . angel there 's no spare ammo . just a couple of clip . wanda great ... morgan we will have to improvise . helen how much longer until the eclipse ? cornelius . one hour and thirty six minute . morgan we can stall they . we just need a escape plan . angel what about the airship ? you know how it work ? . cornelius obviously . morgan o.k. let 's move ... just keep they from board . enola Quick , come here ! enola 's at the view window , point down to the diagonal board ramp , where several pirate vessel be converge . morgan can you hoist that thing ? cornelius why do you people keep ask I this silly question ? have not you understand , there 's pothing I can not do . morgan we will do it . we need light coo . continued : 82 . ( cont . ) cornelius go to the control panel . snap on the " masrer Control , '' the " generator , " the " deck light " ... immediately , the entire deck be awash with orange mercury vapor light . cornelius hit the '' ramp winch " but nothing happen , he flip it back and forth ... cornelius oh oh ... morgan be there a manual override ? cornelius ( a worried nod ) down there ... smash CUT to : outside . Morgan vault down the bridge ladder . several pirate vessel be close in on the diagonal ramp that run up the hull ... Morgan race across the deck . he yank back the hoist lever but nothing happen . the ramp be stick . Morgan look down . a safety hook be prevent the pulley from work . the pirate boat be twenty yard and close ... Morgan zoom down the ramp . ' the pirate begin to FIRE . spark fly in all direction as bullet ricochet off the steel huil . Morgan lunge for the hook and try to work it free . it 's rusty and stick ... now a pirate dive onto the ramp from he '' whaler . " he try to tackle Morgan but suddenly the hook come loose . immediately , the gigantic winch turn and begin to suck the ramp upwards ... the pirate loose he foot and Morgan kick he in the jaw . he plunge into the ocean . Morgan claw he way up the move ramp . another vessel sweep alongside and blast a colum of fire ... the ramp erupt into flame . Morgan scramble through the fiery tunnel and dive back onto the deck ... cur to : aerial angle . the tanker be completely surround by pirate vessel . some have searchlight which be rake over the vast hull , seek out point of vulnerability . they only advantage be the sheer height of the hull , maybe forty yard from waterline to deck . it 's like a float fortress but they be outnumber forty to one . continued : on 83 . ( cont . ) the pirate be lay siege , bombard the ship with firepower while attempt to erect battlement to board she ... a spyglass Pov . someone observe Morgan as he huddle with the other to coordinate the defense . on lazlo . he lower a spyglass , turn to Helmut beside he at the bridge of the pirate command ship . they eye lock . lazlo you sure you have never see he before ? helmut i. swear it . he 's just a drifter . lose he mind . lazlo good . take he alive . I want to skin he raw and dip he in salty brine . I want to pull out he fingernails one by one ... helmut I will not fail you , father . lazlo do not call I that any more . I have reverse you adoption ... helmit look at he curiously . on the deck . wanda defend the starboard side . a rope with a gaff hook be toss up behind she , snagging the deck rail . she rush to it , fling it off . the pirate fall scream into the water . the port side . helen be hold she own . four hook rope come up at the same time , but she slice they off with the survival knife . Morgan be the " rover , " rush around from side to side as need . the bridge terrace . enola be the '' spotter . " she have a large megaphone and yell down point of attack as she see they . enola | to starboard at the bow !! amidship , to port , three rope !! cornelius , behind she , be wring he hand nervously ... tweek the telescope on occasion . continued : 84. the stern . the hull here be square and flat so this be where the pirate be concentrate they effort . hook rope fly up in massive volley . several pirate vessel be erecting a battlement with mast and ladder . but angel and Troy be hold it valiantly . they lob down molitov cocktail , which explode midair shower the pirate with shrapnel . then , they race over to the battlement carry a large cauldron - shape vat . they lift it up to the rail and pour its content down ... it 's boil engine oil !!! the pirate writhe in agony under the '' napalm '' waterfall , collapse in scream into the ocean ... angel who need bullet ? the port side . on the foredeck of a attack ship , Helmut be be strapped into a elaborate harness -- it 's a monstrous catapult ! several pirate struggle to lock the huge launching arm into fire position . Helmut climb onto the catapult and buckle the strap . helmut ready . a pirate yank out the retain pin and the arm rocket forward , launching Helmut up to deck level ... the deck . Helmut slam into the rail with a thud . he hoist himself over . helen move to intercept he , but he blast a cover of automatic fire . immediately , he clip a series of block and tackle pulley along the rail . below , pirate grab the rope and hoist up more attacker ... Morgan run to sabotage the beachhead . but Helmut sprays the deck with a entire clip . Morgan somersault behind a vent . he peek around he cover and stare at Helmut -- pure pirate , lose beyond hope of salvation . wanda calis out to Morgan , hold up she gun . wanda no more bullet ! Morgan think for a moment . just then , someone jump he from behind !: he spin -- it 's helen . helen there 's just too many boat down there ... Morgan suddenly get a idea . he call up to the bridge . continued : gs. { cont . } morgan start the engine ! ! at the bridge . enola move up to cornelius . enola can you start the engine ? cornelius naturally . he flip some switch , turn the starter . nothing ... cornelius oops . it 's ... uh ... be sometime , I ... enola rush out onto the terrace . enola we can't do it ! below . Morgan turn to helen . morgan I be go to the engine room . I will get it manually ... helen what for ? morgan you know the size of the rotor on this thing ? in full - reverse they will suck in they boat and shred they . helen ( impressed ) that 's a good little idea there , drifter . morgan you retreat to the bridge and hold it . ( glance back at the beachhead ) cover I ! helen grab he arm . helen no way ! you cover I . Morgan look in he pouch -- one more twelve gauge shell , two in the shotgun breach . they look at each other . a little silent prayer . then , they both go ... continued : 86 , ( cont . } ubullet from every direction graze they skin , bounce off the deck in a symphony of riccos ... Morgan dive behind a tubular vent stack . helen risk a fi more step and make it to wanda 's shelter . she catch she breath a moment . then , both woman sprint towards the bridge tower ... now , wave of pirate be clamber aboard . Morgan look 's around quickly ... not far away Helmut be busy choreograph the assault . he signal a squad to the far side , another back around the port rail ... on morgan slowly realize what be happen . he be completely surround !!! all at once , the pirate make they move ... Morgan spin . blam !!! he take out three with that shot . now the other side ... ... he duck as bullet spray above he . they be close in from all side !!! Yards away ... Morgan look at the mouth of the large tubular vent , suddenly , he dive in it head first ... in the vent shaft it 's like a gigantic slide , almost vertical . Morgan bang and bash against the side of the chute , plunging blindly ... on deck Helmut rush up to the tubular vent . he turn to he man . helmut I get he . take the other . - Helmut climb into the vent and plunge after he ... below . Morgan continue to sink down the endless shaft . now , it twist and corkscrews like bob-sle course . suddenly , it end and he be hurl out into ... a huge chamber . Morgan spill onto the metallic floor in a stunne heap . he look around at the stupendous volume . it 's a enormous empty oil tank . wall soar above like a great vault cathedral ... ... he hear a banging sound and turn to see Helmut launch out of the chute open . his gun skid across the floor , with a reverberant echo ... continued : 87 . ( cont . } Morgan move above he with he shotgun . Helmut look up at the menace double - barrel ... morgan stand up . Helmut comply , glance to where he gun have land , ten foot away . he turn back to Morgan and the shotgun . they look at each other for a moment . Eye to eye . Morgan take a breath . then he turn the shotgun around and hand it to Helmut . morgan if you be not my son , shoot I , his voice echoes eerily in the vast chamber . Helmut stare in disbelief for a moment . he take the gun . Morgan be calm , accept . Helmut raise the weapon . aim it . Morgan have not blink . helmit 's finger tighten around the trigger ... now Morgan close he eye . impulsively , Helmut swing the gun out sideways into the void . he pull the trigger ... click !!! : it be empty . Morgan and Helmut pokerface each other . morgan you think I would give a load gun to a pirate ? poe a beat . be that a joke ? Helmut look at the man across from he . Morgan 's face be enigmatic . be that a grimace or the hint of a smile ? then , simultaneously , as if by psychic command , both man dive for Helmut 's gun ... ... it 's skid further away . Helmut grapples . Morgan kick it . now , a great thud come down from above . Pirates have open the large overhead door . Morgan glance up ... - Pirates begin to rappelle down rope , like spider . they FIRE they automatics . the sound echoes in the vast cavern , building into a excruciate cacophony of overlap explosion ... Morgan notice a small door . it 's he only hope . he dive for it , wrenching open the lock wheel , slamming it behind ... in the passageway . Morgan have enter some kind of air-lock . another door . he yank it open and bolt it from the other side ... it 's a long , dark corridor somewhere in the bowel of the ship . Morgan run blindly ... he can hear , behind he , the sound of pirate struggle with the lock . they blast at it with they cur to : 88 . on the port side . lazlo have make he way up and over the rail with a squad of man . dieter be with he . they start towards the stern . lazlo this way the terrace outside the bridge . wanda and helen pull themselves up the final rung . wave of pirate be make they way towards the base of the ladder below they on deck . wanda notice something behind they ... there 's a pair of huge water - cannon for extinguish fire . one on each side of the bridge terrace . they jump into the swivelling control chair , open the valve ... a rocket- like geyser cof water spew out of the nozzle . helen swing she hose around to the starboard ladder . ' the flow pulse out like a jackhammer , wrenching the pirate off the ladder . they fall scream to the deck ... cur to : the bowel of the ship . Morgan come into a large room with subdued light . he look around , it 's the engine room !! the mammoth twin turbine sit idle like lifeless whale . Morgan race up the ladder to the mid-level catwalk . he run to the control panel . a intimidating array of button . he punch a few . nothing . he turn a key . still nothing ... . but then a agonized groan , as the massive gear scrape against they rusted bearing . suddenly , the engine roar to life . the whole room vibrate with the bone-rattle hum of the gargantuan machine . Morgan slam the throttle into " full - reverse . " the impressive screw begin to turn ... faster and faster ... underwater . ..- spin the colossal rotor in a furious rage . they suck in ocean of current ... the waterline . Water froth up . pirate vessel be vacuume in towards the mammoth blade . ladder topple . Pirates cascade into the water . wooden boat splinter like match-stick ... the stern . angel and Troy look down with big grin . continued : 89 , ( cont . } angel why do not I think of that ? troy you want it too much . CUT back to : the engine room . upper level . lazio and he team burst in at the upper catwalk , they spot Morgan climb the ladder across the void , he back to they , oblivious ... dieter raise a cross-bow , twang !!! a barb dart shoot across the volume . it 's attach to a long wire pay out from a spool ... thunk !! it hit Morgan in the shoulder blade . he scream . dieter yank the line back . Morgan be force to release . he pendulum across the void , suspend by the harpoon wire . the thick barb be lodge deep in he flesh . he be helpless , like a fish on a hook ... lazlo lock down at he , dangle below the catwalk with a expression of pathetic agony . lazlo reel he in . dieter and the other three pirate haul the wire in , pull Morgan up towards the catwalk . | the flesh around the barb be turn deep blue . Morgan grab onto the wire with he hand to lessen the pressure on he shoulder blade . l lazlo laugh sadistically ... lazlo how do you feel now , smali fry ? Morgan be lose the will to struggle , like a fish puile close to the boat . lazlo I remember you now . I kill you wife all that year ago . too ugly to save . but you son ... what a faithful little soldier he 's become . he would give he life for I ... . voice ( 0.s. ) not any more . it 's Helmut !! he have a gun . the pirate turn to he . lazlo Helmut !! you will die for this . helmut / blake Helmut 's already dead . continued : 90 . ( cont . } blake begin to pump out round of gunfire . ' two pirate drop while dieter dive aside and fire back . lazlo manage to run away down the catwalk . Morgan 's wire be release . he plunge downward . . '' -.- directly into the machinery !!! ' the huge spin gear assembly -- he will be ground to a pulp .... ... but the end of the wire snag on the rail ! he stop inch short . his foot be dangle above the 3000 rpm gear ... .. the wire be slip ... --- meanwhile , above , blake have dieter pin behind a reservoir . the last pirate try to make a run for it . but blake blast he . he go fly over the rail , directly towards Morgan ... ..- Morgan brace himself . ' they collide . the wire yank off the rail . they fall . ' the pirate be chew up into the gear . Morgan barely clear the machine , spilling onto the floor ... he stand . the barb be still hopeless stick in he back . the pain be almost unendurable . he gather up the wire and hold it up against a spin gear linkage . spark fly as he begin to cut through it ... ... suddenly , he notice lazio charge he with a harpoon . he turn and parry the blow with a length of wire stretch between he hand . lazlo swing again . Morgan retreat ... cuT to : on deck . angel and Troy have snuck around the shadow of the bridge tower to check out the situation . the pirate be busy hoist the catapult launcher on deck in order to mount the final assault on the bridge . Beyond the pirate , the pontoon plane sit ready on the runway . troy even if we hold they , we will never get to the plane ... angel wanna bet ? how would you feel about the large gasoline bomb in history ? angel duck into the shadow . Troy follow she curiously . angel find what she be look for -- a deck - level fuel bleeder valve . she open it and a slow stream of gasoline begin to pour out on the deck . : angel grab some signal flare , crack they open . she begin to pour out the gun powder in a line along the runway . it 's a fuse . cur to : the bridge . enola suddenly point up to the moon . continued : 91 . ( cont . ) enola ry it 's happen !! a shadow be slowly move across the face . cornelius look up , completely flustered . outside on the terrace , wanda and helen be still repelling pirate with the water cannon . cornelius what do we do ... what do we do ? enola calm down , cornelius . the coordinate , remember ? cornelius right , right . you watch the telescope . as soon as the bump appear , you let I know , ( grab a sextant ) I will get the moon altitude . cornelius fumble with the sextant . put it to he eye . enola it 's upside - down , cornelius . cuT to : in the engine room . 2 blake fire a diversion burst . then , he leap - frog over the rail and jump down to the lcwer catwalk . dieter fire back at blake 's former position , oblivious to he maneuver . blake now creep along the lower catwalk , try to sneak under dieter ... below , lazlo explode in a furious series of thrust and blow . Morgan retreat each in turn , but then trip on the ever- present wire and sprawl backwards . lazlo lunge with the harpoon . Morgan snap he wire like a whip . it coil around the spear and Morgan yank it out of lazlo 's hand , the harpoon skitter across the floor . lazlo attack with bare hand . they roll across the floor towards the stern terrace ... meanwhile , blake be directly beneath dieter . he can see he above through the catwalk grate . blake take aim ... click !! what a time to run out of ammo . dieter spin and spot he below . he cock he gun and aim ... dieter loyalty ... we all stick together , remember ? what happen to you ? blake it 's a big lie , do not you see ? he 's only loyal to himself ?. you think he 's gonna take you to Water 's end ? look @ at you hand . you be not a perfect " physical specimen . '' continued : . 92 . ( cont . } dieter shut up ... blake he will kill you like anyone else that do not fit in . dieter shut the fuck up . I do not believe you ! he fire , hit blake in the shoulder . blake stumble to the rail . dieter take aim again . it 's all over ... bang ! ! but it 's dieter that falis . Troy be behind he with the smoking Troy and blake look at each orher -- a unspoken bond . two generation of boy that lazlo try to indoctrinate . Troy take he hand and hide the triangle in he forehead . biake do likewise . a gesture of solidarity . they smile at each other ... blake turn to look for Morgan . but they be go . the stern terrace . it 's a tiny deck for ship maintenance , directly below the huge letter : '' u.s.s. bridgeston . " lazlo have Morgan pin in a backbend over the rail . directly below , the enormous rotor spin incessantly ... lazlo be force Morgan 's chin back with he hand . he 's looped he other hand through the rail , pull at Morgan 's barb hook . Morgan be on the verge of fainting from the pain . sweat wash down he face in gush . he 's weaken . lazlo grit he tooth with determination ... suddenly , Morgan hug lazio with he leg and flip backwards over the ledge . they both samersault over ... . fall ... .. but Morgan have grab the terrace lip with one hand ... .. lazlo be still hold the barb hook in Morgan 's back ... .. below they , the lethal blade spin furiously ... .two man suspend one from the other like chain link ... ..- blood be pour out of Morgan 's shoulder which have swollen up like a small pumpkin . the barb be still firmly lodge ... .. Morgan 's finger begin to slip off the balcony . they be wet with perspiration ... ..- he face be in agony ... continued : 93 . '' cont . } ..- he can not take it anymore , look up to the lunar eclipse for a split second and ... ...- release ... so lazlo also release ... -.-buc , from nowhere , blake clamp down on Morgan 's forearm , haul he up ... ..- while lazlo continue plunging downward . his cape of feather fill up like a parachute ... for a instant , lazlo look like he be try to fly ... -.. then , he hit the water . the moonlit foam become sanguine as lazlo be shred mercilessly by the rotor . the feather spin up and slowly settle on a liquid carpet of blood ... ... blake help he father onto the platform ... blake we have get to get this hook out of you . morgan no time . let 's go ... blake no , wait . trust I . it 's the only way . Morgan look at he son . he shut he eye in anticipation . blake grip the barb and twist it out counter- clockwise . Morgan grimace , clenching he tooth . his knee be weak . blake hold up the barb and wire . he toss it overboard . CuT to : the bridge terrace . a pair of pirate be launch up on the catapult , while wanda and helen be ducking a spray of coverfire . immediately , the pirate hook up the standard block and tackle pulley . they be go to take the bridge !!! helen and wanda take cover ... " cur to : vertical shaft . angel and Troy be help Morgan and blake -- the two wounded warrior -- up a ladder stairwell ... CUT to : inside the bridge . enola be look through the telescope . her expression suddenly become panicky ... enola it 's there !! it 's there !!! Pov through scope . sure enough , a tiny bump be emerge from the curve shadow . about thirty degree north of the " equator . " continued : 94. on cornelius . he hold up the sextant . he look confuse ... enola { 0.s. ) Quick . it 's disappear ... cornelius ( sheepish ) ioca not do it . I do not know how to use a sextant . enola grab it from he , put it up to she eye , measure ... at that instant , the door be kicked open . a squad of pirate burst inside , with helen and wanda as prisoner ... pirate everybody freeze . a pirate grab enola viciously by the hair . the sextant go fly ... but now blake emerge from the hatch . blake I will take the prisoner . lazlo want you below ... they eye he suspiciously . blake on the double !! the man start filing down the hatch . he point to the woman and cornelius . blake qutside !! onto the terrace ... helen begin to resist but then notice Morgan signal to she from outside . he lob a molitov cocktail into hatch after the other pirate . everyone dive outside as ... ... the bridge explode in a massive fireball ... morgan ( to helen ) my son 's alive and kick ! outside . everybody have converge on the mezzanine deck , the group race down the central catwalk , descend onto the runway . meanwhile , the second wave of pirate be hoist themselves up onto the deck from boat below . wave of killer be converge on they ... the group run and pile into the small pontoon plane , but at the last instant , cornelius balk ... continued : 95 . ( cont . ) cornelius I be not go ! I be stay with the ship ... morgan be you crazy ? they will kill you ... gunfire begin to pepper around they . Pirates be swarm the ship , get closer and closer ... troy who 's go to swim the airship ?? they ' 11 kill we all ... cornelius I be willing take my chance ... suddenly , angel pull out a flare gun and shoot down onto the deck , ignite she fuse . it begin to burn , a straight line right down the runway towards the massive fuel reservoir ... angel I just make you chance zero . ina couple heartbeat this whole fuck ship 's gonna blow up . now get you ass into the airship . cornelius oh not ! oh no ... you should not have do that ... they never teach I to fly !! I do not know how it work ... everyone look at each other in a stunne silence . the flame fuse race onwar -- about forty second to go . Morgan suddenly grab cornelius and stuff he into the pilot 's seat . morgan learn fastt ! in the cockpit cornelius look around in utter panic . he flip a few switch . nothing . wanda look like she 's gonna be sick ... the fuse . Racing along ... thirty second . the deck . Pirates be within forty yard of the plane . cornelius - sweating profusely . tries a few more switch . helen shake she head in disbelief ... the fuse . sssbssssseess .......~ continued : 36 . the cockpit . suddenly , a hand reach in from outside and grab cornelius . it 's a vicious pirate , try to yank he out . cornelius struggle , flail he arm ... hit something ... ..- chug ... ghug ... chug ... the prop begin to turnll it be the starter ! his hand slap something else -- the throttle ... the plane lurch forward . the pirate lose he grip , slip back onto the pontoon ... the airship begin to rattle along the runway ... the deck . ... the plane catch up to the burn fuse . they be run neck and neck -- but will the plane clear the runway before the fuse hit that gasoline tank ? chug ... chug ... chug ... the pirate be drag along with they . in the cockpit . cornelius be shaking with fear . cornelius I think we be too heavy . we will never take off !! longshot . the deck . the fuse burn across the frame in the foreground . the plane run parallel with it , behind . it 's a dead heat . but there 's only about fifty foot of runway leave , and the wheel have not leave the ground ... ... they be not go to make it !! ... the plane pour over the lip of the deck , fall ... ..- down towards the sea ... ... the pirate dangle onto the pontoon skim the water . he 's force to release . then , the plane suddenly surge upwards ... in the cockpit . cornelius smile triumphantly , cornelius see ? too heavy ... I tell you ... I . kaabooommll ! tne ship explode in a massive fireball , which mushroom up and out , singeing the plane . the airship surge upwards into the heaven , leave the flame ship below like a tiny patch of glow lava in a sea of blackness ... continued : 97 . ( cont . } smile and sigh of relief . Morgan have he arm around he son . morgan what about the coordinate , cornelius ? cornelius ask the girl ... everyone turn to enola . she hesitates . helen ( anxious ) you get they do not you , enola ? a moment of suspense . then , enola turn to Morgan , smile proud . wane '' enola - twelve degree above the horizon ... '' cornelius it 's right behind we !! we should reach it by sunrise ... but , in the excitement , he 's release the stick . the plane go into a nauseate nosedive . he pull she back up , send everyone 's stomach through the basement ... dissolve to : the ocean , day . the pontoon plane fly towards we erratically . the engine spit a few time . now , the plane begin a wobble descent . it hit with water with a splashy geyser , somewhere between a nosedive crash and a picture - perfect touchdown ... but why be they landing ? it 's the middle of nowhere ... wait . be that bird ? look , a school of dolphin be surround the plane like a welcoming committee . the group pile out laughing , cheering . Morgan 's shoulder be bandage ... they be wading in the water !!! a sand shelf ... we turn 180 degree to reveal , the most beautiful , invite island you can imagine ... water' end !!! not just one , but a string of island . a tropical archipelago ... the troupe re-enter the shot , frolick in shallow water . they make they way onto the beach , giggling like child . it 's hard to maintain balance on terra firma after a lifetime of sea leg . they fall into the sand and roll around . there 's a small shack in the background ... continued : 98 . ( cont . ) ... and now Morgan stand , look in disbelief . a hear of wild horse gallop past they on the beach ... dissolve to : the shack . angel and wanda step inside . Dark and dusty . some rotting furniture . then they notice some bone , a skull . ebony black . wanda blackbone ... angel that 's why they set she adrift . CUT to : outside . everyone be laughing , play in the sand . cornelius stand up suddenly agitate ... cornelius goodness , I have forget my calender . how will I keep track of the day . blake why do not we just call this day number one ... blake move up to Morgan and hug he . dissolve to : the apex of water' end . enola have make it to the peak of the mountain . she can see the other 's way below she on the beach ... she notice something plant in the earth . a bit of cloth ona stake . she unfurl it -- a Union Jack , tatter and tear . below it , be a metal plaque . enola wipe off the dirt . it read : : Edmund hillary sherpa tenzing norgay May 29 , 1953 enola study it curiously . she stand , wipe she hand ... we pull back higher and higher into the air like a soar bird , enola stand triumphant on the mountaintop . enola {co herself } now I be really home . . as we spiral upward into the heaven , the string of island stretch out below we like a earthly paradise ... fade to black . the secret the moon 149,660,000 kilometer t0°*. , the sun