water for elephant written by Richard lagravenese april 16 , 2009 ext . modern circus ground - present day - night a upstate New York town . a circus be be dismantle ... the Big top fall and be gather up by workmen ... truck be be load with animal . ext . parking lot - circus ground - continuous - night a elderly man , jacob jankowski - 93 year old - stand alone , with a walker in the middle of the empty parking lot . his shirt be stain with sweat - as if it take great effort for he to get there . as he watch the Circus disappear , Jacob look lose , bewilder and fragile . charlie , 50 's circus manager , and russ , a tattooe teen with ring through he eyebrow , approach he with a wheelchair . charlie Excuse I sir , can we help you ? ( no reply from Jacob ) do you miss you ride ? jacob I miss the spec . russ the what ? charlie yes , I be afraid you do . can we call someone for you ? jacob ( sad ) where would it all go ? russ he 's seriously old . charlie do you come with the folk from the retirement home ? jacob no , I come on my own . charlie ( ignoring he ) let 's go inside and we can call they to pick you up . Charlie motion for Russ to get Jacob in the wheelchair . Jacob resist . 2 . jacob no , I tell ya , I come on my own and I be not go back . get you hand off I . russ ( as if talk to a child ) it 's ok . we be gonna call the home so they can come pick you up . jacob ( suddenly lucid ) why do not you pick some of that ring out ya head maybe you will not be so stupid , ya dumb little shit . russ woah ! the language . uncalled for . charlie Sir , we need to get you out of this parking lot . my truck have to come through here . please ... he offer the wheelchair . Jacob relent and sit . charlie ( cont 'd ) I get it Russ . take the walker . finish close up the ticket booth . Russ take the walker and exit as Charlie wheel Jacob . jacob in my day , they have old timer in the ticket wicket and freak like he in the sideshow . damn kid do not even know what the spec be . charlie you sound like you know circuse . Charlie check he watch , impatient to get Jacob home . jacob I should . I be on two . charlie ( Calling os to truck ) malcolm , tell they to come through ! ( patronize , to Jacob ) two circuse . wow , that 's something . 3. jacob ringling , of course , but that be later ... charlie I will need you name when I call the home . jacob ... first one be call benzini Brothers most spectacular show ... Charlie suddenly stop upon hearing that name . charlie what ?... wait a minute ! do you say you be with the benzini Brothers ? ( jacob nods ) what year ? jacob 1931 . charlie " ˜31 ?... you be say you be there for the ---? jacob I be in the middle of it . charlie ( incredulous ) I do not believe this . after the hartford Fire and the hagenback - wallace wreck , that 's the most famous circus disaster of all time . jacob I remember it like yesterday ... better - cause I do not remember yesterday . charlie ( extend hand ) Charlie o' brien the third . jacob Jacob jankowski the only . charlie Mr. jankowski , I would be honore if you would have a drink with I in my trailer . 4. int . charlie' trailer - circus ground - twilight a bottle of expensive , laphroaig scotch sit on the table . Charlie pour they each a shot . Jacobs drink . it feel good . jacob ( to the scotch ) ah , I remember you ... camel would have love this stuff . charlie camel drink scotch ? Jacob laugh , shaking he head no. Charlie pour another ; charlie ( cont 'd ) you really get here on you be own ? jacob the great escape ! but I get lose . charlie I should call the home , let they know where you be . jacob I do not know why they call it a " home " '' . you do not know anybody there . they fill you so full of drug , you do not care ... five kid and not one have a place for I since they mother die . they take turn visit I on weekend . they forget whose turn it be today so nobody show up .. ( beat ) I have a life , ya know . a big life ... it be not right . Charlie empathize . pour another . change the subject . charlie so , how do the benzini Brothers stampede start ? the story be two guy get throw off the train and -- jacob no point in tell a story if all you want to know be the end . charlie sorry . from the beginning . 5 . jacob now , let 's see ... the beginning ... well , everything begin the same day everything end ... ha , be not that how it always work ?... int . jankowski house - jacob' bathroom - 1931 - morning a mirrore medicine cabinet close revealing the reflection of jacob jankowski - 23 year old , handsome , full of energy . jacob ( v.o . ) it be a big day . my final exam . int . jankowski house - continuous - morning Jacob bound down the stair and into the kitchen . jacob' mother and father be finish up breakfast . the Father tune a philco Radio while smoking a pipe ... the mother pour coffee wear a cardigan sweater and pearl . late for class , Jacob grab a piece of bread and bacon and downs a coffee as he mother sweetly scold he in polish ... his father say something supportive in polish as well . Jacob thanks he in polish . he kiss he mother and exit . ext . jankowski house - ithaca NY - 1931 - morning a simple , clapboard house in a middle class neighborhood . Jacob run out , pass he father 's sign on the front lawn : E. jankowski Doctor of Veterinary Medicine ext . cornell university campus - 1931 - ithaca , NY - day . the beautiful campus of Cornell University . Jacob run . jacob ( v.o . ) after six year of dissection , castration , foaling and shove my arm up a cow 's ass more time than I care to remember , I be finally go to graduate Cornell in Veterinary Science . I be summa cum laude ... ha , ha and the oldest male virgin on campus . 6 . int . cornell university lecture hall , 1931 - ithaca , NY - day Jacob sit beside a beautiful blonde who distract he with she leg . she notice he stare , cross she leg and smooth she skirt . veterinary science final exam be write on the board of a lecture Hall . the proctor announce from he desk . the proctor you may begin . Jacob , the blonde and fifty other student open they exam booklet and begin under the proctor 's supervision . jacob ( v.o . ) I have my whole life plan . I know exactly where it be take I ... and then , with the open of a door , it all vanish . the lecture Hall door open and dean wilkin enter . the Dean walk to the proctor and they confer privately . then : the proctor Mr. jankowski ? May we have a word ? fifty pair of eye turn to look at Jacob , who look up . ext . lecture hall - continuous - day Jacob step outside with Dean Wilkins . dean wilkin Jacob , it 's you parent . I be afraid there 's be a car accident . int . basement hallway - ithaca hospital - night Jacob walk down a dimly light hall with a Police Chief and a chaplain to the morgue lead by a nurse . we follow they inside . int . coroner' morgue - ithaca hospital - continuous - night the room be windowless and bare except for two gurney , each with a sheet - cover body . a coroner stand between they . Jacob see a steel table upon which lay he parent belonging ; wedding ring , pearl necklace , he father 's pipe . 7. coroner be you ready ? the chaplain place a comforting hand on Jacob 's shoulder . Jacob nod . the coroner expose first Jacob 's father , then Jacob 's mother . we see only Jacob 's expression : chaplain be there any other family to call ? jacob no. just I . int . edmund hyde law office - day Jacob , in a black suit . Mr. hyde be seat opposite he . hyde I know this be difficult for you , but there 's be no mistake . the house and all they asset , include you father 's practise , be now property of the bank in default of the mortgage . jacob but I be tell you , my father put away every penny he ever earn . they own that house outright . why would he have a mortgage ? hyde my guess be because he let people pay he in bean &amp ; egg or whatever they have , instead of money . jacob and so he 's penalize for not turn away people who could not afford he help ? he be a doctor . hyde yes , I know , he be a very good man but in banking term , in the reality of what make this world actually function , he be a irresponsible man . I be sorry , but you oughta to know the truth . this Depression be go to last for a long while .. ( more ) 8. hyde ( cont 'd ) .. and the only one who will be stand at the end of it , be the one who fight to take what they need to survive . everyone else be go to disappear . do not make the same mistake as you father . Jacob be disturb by this description of he father . ext . residential STREET - outside ithaca , NY - day Jacob in he black suit walk home .. look up ahead to see : ext . jankowski house - continuous - day all the family possession be on the lawn be scour over by stranger : father 's philco radio , mother 's jewelry ... a foreclosure sign hang beside he father 's business sign : jacob ( v.o . ) thing happen so fast , my head be spin . and that mortgage ... I just could not figure it out . a delivery truck pull up at the curb . it be meet by a bank representative , who receive a package and carry it to Jacob , meeting he halfway . bank representative this just come for you , Jacob . whatever it be I be go to have to include in the bank 's report of asset . sorry . you ok ? ( jacob nods ) I also have document to sign .. the Bank Representative continue mos as Jacob open the package , jacob ( v.o . ) I do not believe the lawyer or the bank . my mother work . they have savings . we be never break . so why would they need a mortgage ? and then it hit I ... Jacob open the package revealing a brand new sign , read ; E. jankowski and son doctor of veterinary medicine 9 . jacob ( v.o . ) they do it to pay for my ivy League education . for a moment Jacob can not move . this think stun he . with he house be pick apart and the Bank Representative speak about papers , Jacob can not take it any longer . he drop the sign and walk away . the Bank rep call after he : bank representative Jacob ? Jacob they need this sign by the end of the business day . Jacob walk away from the Bank rep , pull off he tie and toss it . he be cry - the reality finally hit he . jacob ( v.o . ) I walk and I keep on walk ... it 's a strange feel become a orphan the same time you be become a man ... to have this freedom to be anything you want at the same time everything you be be take away . so I just walk ... then all of a sudden , I stop . ext . a clearing near a stream - outskirt of ithaca - night Jacob stand with he foot in a clear stream . he be no longer cry . there be dense wood , pitch black , all around he . jacob ( v.o . ) like I would be sleepwalk and I wake up . I have no idea where I be . Jacob can hear the buzz of insect , the glow of firefly and the cry of distant animal in the wood . it unnerve he . Far off beyond the dense wood Jacob see a moving flickering light - like a distant , silent star move past the tree . the Light be move around the wood until it curve towards Jacob 's direction . he hear a distant clank -clank ... curious , Jacob put he shoe on and walk back to a gravel path that lead to train track just as : the massive train engine explode into view passing he . Jacob be so close , he be hit by a wall of wind that nearly knock he down . it be dark and the train be move fast . 10 . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) what be it inside of we make we decide to grab onto life again and again , no matter how many time it abandon we without a second think ?... what be it make we hungry for more of the same ? somebody smart should figure that one out . Jacob make he decision : he run parallel to the train ... stumbling over gravel , pitching forward and lose he balance , recover , then run faster , scan for something to grab hold of to hoist himself up . he see : a OPEN stock car be three car behind he ... as it catch up to he , he lunge forward , reach for the iron grab hold and fling himself upward . he cling on with he leave leg , elbow and chin . his right hand cling to the grab hold . with he leave hand , he claw the floorboard of the stock car , but the age wood scrap off under he finger . his right leg be dangle , beneath the train itself , dangerously close to the track . Jacob be slip ... slip ... with everything he 's get , Jacob make one final " life or death " '' effort , manage to get he leave knee up over the edge . use foot , knee , chin , elbow and fingernails , he scrape he way inside the stock car and lie panting ... int . stock car - en route - night a dim light barely illuminate the interior . Jacob breath a brief sigh of relief and accomplishment when suddenly : a huge hand connected to a even larger arm come out of the darkness , grabbing jacob by he collar , hoisting he up . Jacob swing at this brute with he free arm but it 's block easily , as the brute move he to the open car door . old timer ( o.s. ) oh , do not go messin with blackie . throw people off of train be one of the perk of he job . Jacob can now see three men play card by a kerosene lamp . one man have a rifle , aim at Jacob . another , a shrunken , stubble face old timer , drink out of a jug ... blackie hold Jacob out on the edge of the open stock car , as tree slam against the train almost cut Jacob 's face . 11 . blackie we do not need no bum on this train brother . you can get off right now and keep run . Old timer rise with a lantern and hobble on one bad leg , inspect Jacob and he nice suit with the lantern ... old timer now everybody calm down here . grady put that damn rifle away . blackie let'im go ... and I mean on the inside of the train ! Jacob struggle as blackie pin one arm behind he . old timer ( cont 'd ) I be tellin ya , ya can not red light he , we do not need that trouble . look at they clothes - he 's no bum . blackie scan Jacob 's clothes , then toss he inside the train and return to the card game . Jacob pants , relieved . old timer ( cont 'd ) do not be sore kid . it 's more like a reflex with blackie . I be camel .. and that there 's grady . and Bill . jacob Jacob . jankowski . Nice to meet you . camel you be pretty young for the rail . you run from something boy ? you on the lam ? jacob no. nothing like that . camel where you head ? jacob I do not know . camel hungry ? outta work ? ( jacob nods ) no shame in it . what can you do ? jacob about anything I guess . 12 . camel give he the once - over look then offer the jug . camel we land in deposit in the morning . we will find you some work . and if you be still alive by the end of it , I will get you some food and take you to uncle August . Jacob drink and choke on the liquor . jacob who 's that ? grady August rosenbluth ... Lord and master of the known and unknown universe . ringmaster extraordinaire . Jacob look baffle . camel laugh as he drink more ; camel oh kid , do not tell I you do not notice ? grady and Bill laugh though blackie remain un -amuse . bill ha , he really do not know . camel ha ! you do not just jump a train boy . you jump the Flying squadron of the benzini Brothers most spectacular show on Earth ... you do land you ass on a circus , kid ! pre - lap : the Circus train brake screeching to a halt ! int . stock car - deposit , NY - dawn . Jacob be roll awake as the train stop . he be disorient as blackie , grady and Bill jump out through the open stock car door . camel be fast asleep , drunk from the jug . ext . circus train / circus ground - deposit , NY - dawn . the train have stop adjacent to a huge grassy lot . Beyond it , the scattered building of deposit , NY backlit by dawn . 13 . Jacob jump out of the stock car , in awe of what he see :: hundred of dirty , unshaven man pour out of the train like ant on candy . the wagon of the train be paint scarlet red with gold trim and sunburst wheel . emblazon on each wagon ; benzini brother most spectacular show on earth . Jacob wander as the Circus be be create : canvas tent be raise , the Big top lay sprawle on the ground . Men stand over seam , lace piece together ... eight man sledge team pound stake into the ground at breakneck speed .... team of man be raise enormous pole with they combine weight , chant : pull it ! shake it ! break it ! again !... now down stake it !... several team horse pull wagon be charge right for Jacob .. Jacob jump out of the way , nearly be run down . he be out of place ... in the way of this finely tune machine . Jacob duck into a large tent for safety . int . menagerie tent - continuous - morning Jacob enter . a stillness take the place of the chaos outside : the translucent tent be as tall as the sky . it have barely be set up - just the tent and : the animal . Jacob be in awe . camel , llama , zebras and horse stand behind low rope sling between iron stake , some with they head in mound of hay ..... two giraffe stand within a chain - link fence .... lion , tiger , panther , jaguar , bear , chimp and a orangutan . the animal stop move , as if to give Jacob a acknowledgement . Jacob respond with a nod or a smile . the orangutan be stretch it 's arm outside it 's de for something out of reach . Jacob try to understand . jacob what be it ? what do you want ? the orangutan strain its arm . blink at he . point . Jacob look around and see a half squashed orange on the ground in front of the cage . he pick it up . Jacob open the de and hand the orangutan the orange . she take it and set it on the floor of she de . she return and reach out for Jacob again . 14 . Jacob hesitates , not know what she want . but decide to trust she , Jacob extend he hand to hers . the orangutan wrap she long finger around Jacob 's hand and hold it for a beat , look to he face . Jacob return the gaze , realize she be thanking he . he be touch . jacob ( cont 'd ) you be welcome , mar 'am . the orangutan let go and return to the orange in she de . camel ( o.s. ) what the hell you do in here ? get outta there !! you be not a menagerie man . only menagerie man be allow in there . Jacob run out to camel . ext . menagerie tent - continuous - morning camel escort Jacob through the grounds to a baggage car . camel gonna try to get you set up with crazy Joe . jacob do I call he crazy Joe ? camel it have be say crazy Joe go to prison for kill a man who spit into the wind and hit the back of Joe 's neck . so no , I would not call this man crazy Joe to he face . camel and Jacob walk on to a open stock car door , where crazy joe stand - a burly man , miss three finger . camel ( cont 'd ) hey Joe ! I get a first of May here . think you can use he ? crazy Joe scan Jacob , shoot a oyster of dark brown tobacco juice then disappear back inside . camel tell Jacob ; camel ( cont 'd ) you be in , kid . 15 . int / ext . baggage stock car - deposit , NY - morning Jacob and another Young man , WADE , with they shirt off , be shovel ton of horse manure . Jacob be queasy , blink from the stench . the Young man do not seem bother . jacob I have never see so much manure ! WADE baggage stock horse . they pack them in 27 a car . jacob how do you stand the smell ? WADE what smell ? ext . circus ground - deposit , NY - morning Jacob and several other Flying squadron man struggle to pull on cable hoist up the canvase on the Big top . it take a tremendous effort . Jacob use every bit of strength . when the Big top be raise , Jacob can not help but be impressed with the accomplishment as the local townsfolk ( rube ) cheer . int . menagerie tent - day Jacob struggle to shovel llama manure out of the menagerie . he check he hand - they be blister and bleed . ext . sideshow tent - midway - deposit , NY - afternoon cecil , the barker , be " speechify " '' from a platform beside the sideshow entrance , strutting back and forth , as a crowd gather ... Jacob and other work man , include Wade , be position around the perimeter of the crowd . WADE when cecil give the signal ya gotta push the rube in towards the entrance but without they catch on or else they will be a fight . Jacob , Wade and the other man position themselves equidistant around the perimeter of the crowd face cecil . 16 . when cecil pull he ear ( the signal ) ... Jacob and the other man move forward , inching the crowd into the sideshow tent . ext . menagerie tent - day Jacob shovel yak manure more easily have tape he blister hand . ext . barbara' show tent - deposit , NY - late afternoon . grady hand Jacob a long lead pipe . grady stand inside the tent and smack the side with this when you see a head try to peek in without pay . Jacob follow grady into the tent ... int . barbara' show tent - continuous - late afternoon . Jacob enter and be paralyze by what he see : camera angle behind barbara - a topless woman on stage alone in front of row of ogling man - as she maneuver she breast in circle flipping the tassel attach to they ... the man hoot and holler for more as Barbara smile encouragingly , hide she routine boredom . Jacob be paralyze by the sight of a naked woman . grady frantically motion for Jacob to snap out of it and use the pipe at the head sneaking under the tent to peek in ... startle out of he enthrallment , Jacob lift the pipe too quickly and hit he own forehead . ow !.. then proceed to do he job , bang the head through the flap . int . circus ground / menagerie tent - deposit , NY - twilight Jacob shovel zebra manure , no longer affect by the scent . by this point , the menagerie tent have be fully install : ten chandelier hang and twinkle from the roof illuminate the a gloriously ban candy stand in the tent 's center . Jacob hear someone enter the menagerie . he turn to see ; 17 . behind the row of beautiful black and white horse , Jacob catch flash of pink sequin ... pink tight ... pink sequine glove of a woman caress and whisper to they . she be marlena . her shimmer eye and hair . her porcelain skin . her pink sequin make she glisten and sparkle ... Jacob be spellbound as he watch marlena 's gift with horse ; marlena use signal with she whip or click sound with she tongue to communicate with the horse : they line up at she subtle command , they raise they hoof , they bow down to she , rise up on they hind leg ... she click she tongue and one White Silver mane horse lift a hoof for she to inspect . she click for he to take a step . Jacob notice the Silver mane horse walk tenderly on the foot . he decide to help .... approach the shimmer marlena , Jacob look like he 's be shovel shit all day . jacob Excuse I , mar 'am ? hi. I be Jacob . marlena do not respond . she look at he with suspicion . jacob ( cont 'd ) May I ? he may be founder . marlena nod . Jacob also click he tongue as he glide he hand up Silver Star 's fetlock . to marlena 's surprise , the horse trust Jacob , lift its hoof . Jacob examine it . jacob ( cont 'd ) he should be all right for tonight . but I would put he on stall rest as soon as possible . he click he tongue and ease the hoof down . marlena look both impressed and insulted . Jacob smile . marlena do not . she click and assemble she horse in formation , then lead they out of the menagerie .... Jacob look after she adoringly . we pre - lap : uncle august ( v.o . ) laaadiiieeess and gentlemennnnn ! and child of all age . int . big top - deposit , NY - continuous - twilight camera follow Jacob into the Big top ... 18 . uncle august welcome to the most extravagant extravagancy the human eye can behold ... welcome the star of the benzini brother most spectacular show on earth !!! Jacob arrive as we reveal : the extraordinary grandeur of the spec - every act , every animal - in full regalia , parade for the audience as the band plays . in the CENTER ring be : Jacob can barely contain himself ... the audience - young and old - be captivate . face of poor Depression era townspeople light up with joy and amazement ; during Jacob 's line we see ; clown , juggler , acrobat , exotic animal , marlena with she horse , high diver on fire diving into a tank of water ... it be truly spectacular : jacob ( v.o . ) you never see anything like it . you could hardly take it all in without fear you might go blind from the shine . from one kind of world too hard to bear come some kind a heaven no one know exist . end on Jacob see : marlena gloriously atop she horse who form a tableau , as a curtain of spark fall behind they . ext . circus ground - deposit , NY - middle of night the Big top drop . pole topple . horse , man and equipment dismantle the great city of tent . jacob ( v.o . ) and then just as quickly , heaven be pack away and go . int . performer' car - train en route - middle of the night as the train travel , a wear out Jacob sit cramped under a bunk beside a contortionist take up little space . Jacob voraciously eat a plate of food camel snuck in for he . camel you like the food ? you deserve it . you do good , I hear .. ( more ) 19 . camel ( cont 'd ) ( jacob choke ) .. woah , you better take a breath before it all come back up on ya . here . have a hit of Jake . he offer Jacob he " Jake " '' . Jacob drink and choke . camel ( cont 'd ) it 's a acquire taste . now get yourself outta there . I be gonna take you in to see August . as Jacob squeeze out , the contortionist unwind himself and take up more space . jacob but it 's the middle of the night . camel only time circus people live - when they do not have to work . come on ... int . sleeping car / platform - train - middle of the night camel lead Jacob through various sleep car , revealing the lowly condition of life on the road ... wooden bunk , no private space , one bathroom for a dozen to share . throughout this narration we jump CUT into various car : - the musician car : Men smoking , clean instrument ... look at Jacob with suspicion and wry humor . the trumpet player play tap . Jacob do not understand why . camel I get a son about you age . live outside of reading , PA . have not see he for year . fix you shirt there . Jacob shove in he shirt . camel smile . he like the kid . - the clown car : clown without make - up read or play card . they look at Jacob as if he be walk the last mile . one clown wave goodbye . camel ( cont 'd ) remember , when you meet August let he do the talk and do not ever mention ringling . he hate they bastard worse than the Depression . 20 . - Barbara and the coochie Girls car ; Girls in various form of undress , negligee , sheer robe . Barbara exit a bathroom and bump into Jacob , who fumble see she half - nude ; barbara how 's you pipe , kid ? camel lead the slack - jaw Jacob away . camel night lady . barbara and girl night camel . int . performer stateroom car - train en route - night slightly more upscale and private quarter with a passenger aisle outside individual door and window . jacob hey camel - who 's that woman who work the horse ? camel ( stop ) now stop right there . that 's marlena . she do not talk to nobody and you do not talk to she . and do not mention she to August . ai not no right way to talk about somebody 's wife and make it sound like a compliment . jacob wife ? camel take this opportunity to drink some Jake and ask : camel look , kid , before we do this , I gotta ask ... .. I be not tryin to know you business but I do know you be not be on the road too long . you be too clean , you clothes too nice and you do not get a possession on you . see , a man on the road collect little thing . it 's not a big life I can tell ya . so before you start , I ask : if you get any kind of life to go back to , that 's what you should do . 21 . Jacob stop . he try to not sound emotional when he say : jacob I do not . camel study he , as if understanding what be not say . camel I be sorry to hear that . they move on . ext . august' private car platform - train en route - night they reach a platform face the fanciest car yet . stand upon it be a enormous , muscular bald man , earl ... camel this here 's Earl . he 's gonna take you in . Earl , this here 's Jacob . jacob ( shake hand with camel ) I do not know how to thank you . camel ha ! you may not want to after you be on a show long as I have . good luck to ya , kid . camel exit os . alone with Earl , Jacob ask : jacob do I look ok ? earl very nice . then , with one hand Earl slide back the door and with the other hand , violently grab Jacob by the neck and throw he head first into the car . int . august' private car - continuous - night Jacob fall into uncle August 's opulent private car , with wood panell , cushion furniture and chandelier . sitting at a table play card be cecil the barker , diamond joe ( menagerie and ring stock ) , mr. erwin ( talent booker ) , crazy joe ( baggage stock ) and , with he back to we in a high wing back chair , ( uncle ) august rosenbluth . 22 . Earl shove he against the wall , dangle he off the floor . as August speak to Jacob , all we see be the back of he head and smoke from he cigar as he play card throughout ... august what 's this ? earl that stowaway the old drunk take under he wing . College boy . Jacob try to explain but Earl bang he against the wall . august ( to the game ) I will see you three and raise you five ... ( to jacob ) I do not believe I have have the pleasure . jacob Jacob jankowski , sir . august and what be a " Jacob jankowski " '' and why he be on my train ? jacob just look for work , sir . mr. erwin can you fly ? set yourself on fire ? jacob no sir . august ever work a show , son ? jacob no sir . august ever be to a show ? jacob yes sir ... Jacob , sense where this be go , get August 's attention ; 23 . jacob ( cont 'd ) ringling Brothers . August stop play card . the other react with sudden apprehension . Earl casually shake he head to warn Jacob . August finally rise and turn to camera : handsome , charismatic , fiercely intelligent ... matinee idol look that mask a darker nature . august ringling , you say ? jacob yes . but it be terrible . august really ? have you see we show ? ( jacob nods ) what be you favorite act ? Jacob see a circus poster with marlena and she horse . jacob the uh ... the one with the black and white horse . and the girl in pink . august ah , we Star attraction . well , I believe we be look for a boy to carry water for the elephant , be not we diamond Joe ? diamond joe we do not have a eleph - august shut-up . jacob I would do that , sir . I would like to work with the animal . August and the other chuckle . Jacob do not understand why . August cross to Jacob , as he ridicule : august and you would carry water for elephant ? ha , ha ... you have any idea how much water a elephant drink , kid ? College ! pfft ! never meet a college man yet who know he own ass from shinola . ( more ) 24 . august ( cont 'd ) ( more sinister ) you eat my food and you ride my train like you be entitle to survive . but you see , nothing survive here without my permission ... maybe if you tell I you be nothing , I will let you stay , although my bet be you will not last . Jacob refuse to let August demean he . he stay silent . august ( cont 'd ) you smell like every kind of shit . why would a college boy want that ? jacob Times be hard for everybody ... and I guess because ... out of all the dirt and sweat and shit and work with fella you do not want to be catch dead meeting in the daylight , come ... so much beauty . we think August and the man be move by Jacob 's word . august that 's beautifully put . ( then : ) toss he off , Earl . and make sure you see the red light before you red light he . as Earl drag Jacob in tow , August deride he to the other ; august ( cont 'd ) another sonny boy mad at mommy and daddy for pay the bill . sound like he study poetry . crazy joe I get no use for people who rhyme . jacob ( shout as he be drag ) it be veterinary science ! and I can tell you one thing - that Star attraction horse of yours will not be walk in a few day let alone perform center ring !! August stop and turn . august Earl wait ! 25 . Earl stop with Jacob . now all the man be intrigue ... august ( cont 'd ) Veterinary science ? ( Earl stop with Jacob ) May I ask what school ? jacob Cornell . august ( impressed ) you be a Cornell graduate ? Jacob lie and nod ... August wonder whether to trust Jacob . diamond joe marlena do want a vet to take a look at Silver Star . they cost . cecil he work the rube for I this afternoon . pretty good . crazy joe he shovel horse shit . do not make he a horse doctor . August look reluctant . until Jacob cap it : jacob I hear ringling have its own vet . the other man can not believe Jacob speak up like this . but it amuse August , who face he and smile ; august all right , Cornell . come with I . August lead Jacob out . ext . platform - train en route - continuous - night August and Jacob exit onto the platform . august be you sure - foote , Jacob jankowski ? jacob I believe so . 26 . august good . without miss a beat , August lean forward , catch hold of something around the side of the car and disappear . jacob jesus christ ! the train jerk a curve . Jacob almost fall . august ( o.s. ) come on then ! Jacob look up to see : August be on the roof of the train : he face moonlit , he hair blow wildly in the wind ... he point downward . Jacob , none too pleased , advance to the edge of the platform as the train speed by , and look where August be point ; he can see the edge of a thin iron ladder . he wipe he hand on he thigh . focus . then leap ... Jacob 's right hand meet the ladder . his leave grasp wildly until it ensnare the other side . his foot jam into the rung . Jacob climb to the roof . ext . roof of train - train en route - continuous - night August give Jacob a hand up and they sit cross legge . Pov ; the length of the train ahead of they stretch like a giant snake moving in the night , bending round a curve . august it 's a breath take sight , be not it ? always get I . ( then : ) I can not get a new Liberty horse mid - season . so you make sure this horse perform and the job 's yours . nine buck a week . if you cross I , I will feed you to my meat eater and there will not be a trace leave of you ... Jacob hang on every word . August smile ; ( more ) 27 . august ( cont 'd ) you do right by I , Jacob jankowski ... I will show you what it 's like to travel every inch of this country , every inch of this world , and be welcome home in every street , be love in every town ... I will give you a life most sucker can not dream of . Jacob be mesmerize by August . August stand and tap dance across the roof . Jacob have no choice but to follow ... the two man dance and leap atop the train from car to car across the move train ... Jacob grow increasingly confident and euphoric follow August 's exultant lead . int . ring stock car - train en route - night August drop into the Ring stock car follow by Jacob . on one side be a line of marlena 's Black and White show horse . the other side , there be a makeshift door . August kick through the door , revealing a small room ; int . kinko' room - train en route - continuous - night this makeshift room be light by a kerosene lamp on a crate next to a cot , propped up by a wall of trunk . a dwarf " kinko " '' ( walter ) be read on he cot . he have red hair . he and August greet each other with polite disgust ... august kinko . kinko ( walter ) August . august this be Jacob . he 's go to bunk with you a while . jacob how do you do ? kinko ( walter ) what be he ? august I say he name be Jacob . 28 . kinko ( walter ) I ask what , not who . august he 's go to help out in the menagerie . kinko ( walter ) a menagerie man ? performer do not bunk with work man . there 's a growl from he loyal Russell terrier , queenie . august well there be performer .. ( he hand indicate high standard ) and then there be performer .. ( he hand indicate lower " kinko " '' standard ) consider we use to keep the goat in here , I be sure marlena 's horse out there object to now share they quarter with you . of course I can always change that and send you back to a bottom bunk with the other kinker who sorely miss you sunny personality and affectionate camaraderie . ( kinko know this threat ) this gentleman be the show 's new veterinarian - ivy League no less - which put he a good deal higher than you in my estimation . perhaps you would like to offer he you cot . as the kerosene lamp light flicker in August 's face , kinko know he have no choice . August smile and turn to leave . august ( cont 'd ) I will find you in the morning . sleep well , Cornell . August exit .... Jacob be leave stare at resentful kinko and queenie , who snarl at he . Jacob try to be friendly : jacob a Jack Russell . they be very smart . kinko ( walter ) ( calmly ) queenie attack . 29 . queenie jump at Jacob , growl , hunch back . Jacob be press against the wall . kinko return to he book . kinko ( walter ) ( cont 'd ) you be not get the cot . ext . circus ground - LIBERTY , NY - dawn . Jacob be wash himself with dirty water out of a bucket beside camel . camel start hit he leg . he laugh : camel ha , this gam of mine keep fall asleep on I . pretty soon the only place for I be go to be sell ticket but I be too ugly for that . august ( o.s. ) Jacob ! camel straighten up when August appear , clearly on he guard . he turn he back to continue wash . august ( cont 'd ) we can do better than this for we new vet . I will arrange for you to start get you own water bucket like the performer and boss . two bucket per person . come ... August walk away as Jacob hurry to follow ... jacob see ya camel . camel ( sip he Jake ) yeah , take care kid . int performer' tent - LIBERTY , NY - continuous - twilight August and Jacob enter a more upscale tent where male performer be wash from personal bucket of water . august you will need new clothes too . I will set you up with the Monday man . jacob Monday man ? 30 . august what day of the week do you mother hang out the wash to dry ? jacob ( realizing ) he take other people 's clothes ? august it 's the Depression , Cornell . where have you be ? oh right - Cornell . kinko be bathing with he two bucket when August snatch one of they away . august ( cont 'd ) here , use kinko 's second bucket for now . ( to kinko ) you barely use up one . kinko fume . Jacob try to placate . jacob August , it 's all right , I will -- august ( ignore he ) if you need a razor , there be some back there with my name on they . August walk away . Jacob follow August away from kinko . jacob August .. when August stop , Jacob be catch off guard ... august ( sincere ) it 's good to have a educate man like you around . I need one other sane individual in this operation . jacob ( complimented ) thank you for everything , August . August pat he back and exit . Jacob head for the bucket . august ( o.s. ) ah ... Jacob ? 31 . jacob ( stop ) yes , August ? august the horse . August want Jacob to follow he to the horse . Jacob think he be go to bathe . jacob oh! yes ... the horse . Jacob follow behind August 's commanding stride . ext . ring stock car - LIBERTY , NY - morning diamond Joe and greg , a ring stock man in overall , be lead the marlena 's horse out of the ring stock car ... august I be sure it 's nothing serious . do not tell my wife I say this but she coddle they too much . she have a particularly strong affection for Silver Star . I do not encourage it . it 's unhealthy to love a animal that much ... here she be . marlena run up to they , still in she bed clothes / robe . august ( cont 'd ) darling , meet Jacob jankowski , benzini Brothers own veterinarian . jacob it 's a pleasure to meet you . marlena barely acknowledge Jacob - keep they previous meeting a secret ( for which Jacob be grateful ) . August put he arm around she and they kiss . august last stall . lead the way , doc . they enter the ring stock car ... 32 . int . ring stock car - continuous - LIBERTY , NY - morning Jacob , marlena and August arrive at the stall to see Silver Star be lay down . he be breathe heavily , he rib cage rise and fall . Jacob immediately sense the worst . august Jesus , marlena , he be not this bad in the show . Jacob move to examine the horse , but he flinch in pain . marlena take over , by sit besides Silver Star 's head , and stroking he head while sing a soft lullaby . Jacob register marlena 's soothing effect cause Silver Star to relax ... he breathe grow calmer . so Jacob begin to examine he as marlena watch protectively . Jacob run he right hand down the leg to the fetlock . he lay he hand on the hoof then place he thumb and forefinger on the back of the fetlock . he look at the sole of the hoof , which be bulg and dark with a red line around the edge . Jacob 's expression tell we this be a bad sign . august ( cont 'd ) be that the problem ? ( jacob nods ) do you need any hoof tester ? diamond Joe have they ... jacob not yet . august well , how be you go to fix it ? marlena look at he coolly , expect a explanation . Jacob do not want to tell she the truth . Jacob look to August and rise , leave marlena with the horse . Jacob pull August away to whisper . jacob I do not want to say anything in front of ... Mrs. rosenbluth ... he 's already founder . august English . 33 . jacob this horse be not get back on he foot , August . if there be anything I could do , I would but we be go to have to put he down ... I be real sorry . beat . August 's stare at Jacob - or rather , stare through he . a dead stare that last just a beat or two too long ... and then just as suddenly , the look be go : august I know you be . come with I . August exit . Jacob do not know what this mean . he follow . ext . cookhouse tent - LIBERTY , NY - twilight two bucket filled with putrid meat . fly buzzing on top . diamond Joe finish fill the bucket as August grab one . august Joe , bad report for Silver Star I be afraid . Jacob here say there 's no hope . we be go to have to put he down ... diamond Joe register a concerned , anxious look to Jacob . august ( cont 'd ) ... so I need you to round up Pete and greg , get a wagon and a harness stretcher . he have to be haul . diamond joe a harness what ? august Jacob and I will take care of the cat . we will meet you back at the stall . ( to jacob ) grab the other bucket , will you ? diamond Joe seem uneasy about this as we follow August and Jacob , who comment on the putrid meat . jacob August , this stuff have go off . do the cat really eat this ? 34 . august no , they really love goat . ( Jacob look to he ) we be all out of goat . ext . cat car - moment later - LIBERTY , NY - twilight Jacob wait with the bucket outside the car . August be inside unlock the padlock , then reappear and jump out . august go ahead . they get a bucket each . apprehensive , Jacob hop up . August hand he the bucket . int . cat car - continuous - twilight the cat dens have two compartment : to the leave be a pair of lion . to the right , a tiger and a panther . all be massive . as soon as Jacob appear , they lift they head ominously . August have unlock the dens but leave the padlock hang on the cage bar . the animal can smell the bucket now . they growl . Jacob be a bit unhinge : jacob what do I do , just open the door and toss it in ? august unless you think a formal sit-down be appropriate . Jacob approach the tiger first . the six hundred pound cat rise then roar , he massive head hit the cage and rattling the lose padlock . Jacob freeze . august ( cont 'd ) why do not you start with rex ... that 's he on the leave . August be point to one of the lion - with a ratty mane and visible rib cage . smaller than the tiger , Jacob have a bit more nerve . he reach for a bucket ... August suddenly shout , unnerve Jacob even more : august ( cont 'd ) wait ! ( jacob jump ) not that one , that one . 35 . he point to a difference bucket . Jacob can see no difference between they , but no matter . he lift the bucket and approach the lion 's cage . rex , the lion , lunge at the de door . Jacob freeze . august ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? do not they cover this in school ? August be have a grand time . Jacob smirk . rex be rub he mangy coat against the cage bar . Jacob fumble , remove the padlock and lay it at he foot . he lift the bucket and wait . when rex turn away from the cage door , Jacob swing it open . but before he can spill out the content of the bucket : rex turn and chomp he huge jaw down on Jacob 's arm . jacob scream . the bucket drop , spilling the entrail inside which cause rex to release Jacob 's arm and attack the food . Jacob slam the cage shut and check to see if he have a arm . he do but it be drip with saliva and as red as if he would dip it in boil water . but no skin be break . August be hysterically laugh . furious , Jacob storm off ; jacob what the hell be wrong with you ? you think that 's funny ? august ( laughing ) yes I do ! aw Jacob wait ! do not be sore ! I be have a little fun ! jacob fun ! I could have lose my arm ! august ( laugh ) rex have not get any tooth ... Jacob feel more foolish and walk away , when , just as quickly , August 's tone of voice turn darker : august ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Jacob .. Jacob stop and turn . August be not laugh any more . he have that sniper 's stare of August 's darker side ... August move towards Jacob , almost menacingly , as he speak ; 36 . august ( cont 'd ) .. people want they money back when the Star Act on the poster be not in the ring ! a Star attraction keep a circus alive . without it , animal eat that and man eat nothing . it take time to find and train another horse so without Silver Star , I have no Star Act . jacob I do not know how he 's be perform August , but you do not have a Star Act now . that horse can not walk and if he do you ' will lose he . he 's in a lot of pain . august like this ? August squeeze Jacob 's sore arm from rex 's attack . Jacob cry out in pain as August hold he grip yet speak calmly ; august ( cont 'd ) we always have choice , Jacob - a choice between we pain and someone else 's . that horse be perform before you come and he will continue to perform until he drop dead . I be tell you to keep it alive and that 's what you will do or you will be red light like anyone else who do not obey the law here . every nation have it 's own law under God , Jacob . you leave America the second you jump my train . I like you . believe I , I do . I be only think of you future . August let go of he arm and walk away . Jacob be angry . int . ring stock car - continuous - twilight angry , Jacob inspect he arm - swollen and red from rex 's mouth . he hear : o.s. murmure come from Silver Star 's stall . he approach to find marlena sit at Silver Star 's head , stroking he nose and hum the lullaby . marlena stroke Silver Star as Jacob appear . and marlena speak to he for the first time ; 37 . marlena tell I the truth . what 's wrong with he ? Jacob hesitates before answer , then : jacob the connective tissue between the hoof and the coffin bone be compromise and the coffin bone rotate toward the sole of the hoof . if he keep walk , it will puncture through ... he 's in a lot of pain . marlena and if he rest ? jacob you will lose he anyway . I be sorry . marlena breath in this bad news and brace herself , tear welling up in she eye . marlena then you have to put he down . Jacob be impressed by she ... and a little surprised . jacob it 's the right thing to do . marlena but August will not let you . jacob ( beat . then : ) if I be the show 's vet then it 's my decision , be not it ? marlena but August will not like it . jacob then it will be my last decision . marlena be impressed by Jacob . and surprised . she do not quite know what to make of he . 38 . ext . stock car - LIBERTY , NY - moment later - twilight a determine , pent - up Jacob march towards Bill and grady who be take a break , smoking . camel be drink Jake ... camel hey kid . what be you do on the wrong side of the track ? jacob I need a gun . camel it can not be that bad ... they laugh but Jacob insist boldly . jacob I need a gun ! or a rifle ! now ! grady lean inside the open car door and get he a rifle . Jacob take it and march back . they watch he , curiously . Jacob pass blackie on the way and boldly ignore he intimidating stance .... performer and workmen sense a drama brewing and follow Jacob to see what be happen . int . ring stock car - continuous - twilight Jacob jump into the Ring stock car with the rifle as kinko exit he room with queenie . queenie growl . kinko what do you think you be do ? jacob shut-up ! both of you ! Jacob continue on to Silver Star and marlena . jacob ( cont 'd ) you should go . marlena no . I will keep he calm . Jacob respects marlena 's fortitude ... Jacob raise the rifle and aim , tremble ... stoic marlena , tear in she eye , turn she face away ... Jacob pause , upset ... then ... shoot . 39 . Jacob 's distraught expression tell we everything as the rifle slide to he side . he look to marlena . this be they first moment of intimacy . she rise and take the rifle from he grip . she see he arm bruise from the cat . she seem to know what it mean . she offer a respectful farewell . marlena ( cont 'd ) I will be sorry to see you go , Mr. jankowski. she exit o.s. with the rifle . int . menagerie tent - LIBERTY , NY - later - evening . the yak be motionless . fly buzz around they head and ear . Jacob swat they away ... the polar bear be on he stomach , breathe heavily . Jacob smooth he coat .... Jacob lean down and hoist a bucket of ice , scatter the ice near the polar bear who roll closer to it . Jacob see rex , lie on he side in he cage , panting with thirst . he bring a bucket of water to rex 's cage and open it . rex get to he foot but this time Jacob do not flinch . he be not frighten . he give rex the bucket of water . rex drink as Jacob stroke he mane , which rex allow ... jacob Friends now ? August calmly enter the menagerie with the rifle . he walk to the center and stop , stare at Jacob . Jacob go about caring for the animal - move from one to the next - try not to be unnerve by August 's presence . then August do a surprising thing : he sit in the center of the menagerie , cross legge , with the rifle beside he . august you have get a gift for they . like marlena with horse . it 's God - give . I can always spot it . Jacob take bobo out of he de . bobo hug he tightly . he continue on as he reply ; jacob my father use to say that to I . august he must have be a wise man . 40 . this stop Jacob . beat . he turn to August . jacob how be marlena ? August tilt he head curiously , with a smile . august you be a genuine curiosity Jacob jankowski . what be I to do with you ? ... I threaten to throw you off a move train , feed you to my lion and you go ahead and shoot my star horse anyway . so I think - Jacob 's a educate man . for Jacob to disobey I and shoot that horse , that horse must have be in pretty bad shape . perhaps bad enough to injure my marlena during the show . and so I think Jacob jankowski might be a valuable person to have around . jacob tell diamond Joe the animal need more water when the humidity 's this bad if I do not see he before I go . august you be not go anywhere . you belong here . this animal .. they have be wait for you . Jacob do not know whether to believe he or not . then : august ( cont 'd ) but do not ever disobey I like that again . I will give you this one . I will call it " respect " ... next one I call " betrayal " '' . understood ? ( jacob nods ) I do thank you though . you and Silver Star solve a much bigger problem for I . August pull a pack of camel from he pocket . jacob what problem ? August light , inhale , blow smoke then : 41 . august the cat . you see , meat eater be always more valuable to a circus than hay burner . and you see what we have to feed they . jacob what do Silver Star have to do with the cat ? august we should have just enough food for they to get we to the next show , thanks to you . of course marlena will not speak to I for a day or two but she will come around ... so , I be right . you be a valuable man . as he walk away , rifle over he arm , Jacob be unnerve ; jacob August , what do you do ? August ? int . kinko' room - en route to goshen - morning queenie sleep . kinko read comic book porn inside a book of aristotle 's poetics . Jacob sit on he bed think . jacob ( v.o . ) I could not stop think about marlena . I do not see she for three day . we show be cancel and we keep move because , word be , August find a " dead one " ... the train wheel screech as it begin to stop . Jacob rise and look out of open train car door .. ext . fox bros circus ground - goshen , NY - morning the train be pull into the site of a " ghost town " '' abandon circus ; a dilapidate Big top , break wagon and tent , desolate performer walk about idly or sit in the shade . int / ext . ring stock car - goshen , NY - morning as the train pull into goshen , performer stick they head out the window to see .... Jacob sit in the open stock car with kinko and queenie : 42 . jacob why be we stop ? kinko August love he sideshow freak . there 's a guy with this outfit who have a parasitic twin grow out of he chest . he dress it in a tiny tuxedo and black patent leather shoe . no talent but a real money - maker with the rube . call himself the man and a half . goddamn August will pay he double what he pay I just for the irony . jacob what happen to this circus ? kinko go belly up . pretty common nowadays . Circus boss see the end come and they would pull a runner with all the money . menagerie belong to the town now . August can get anything he want for a song . Jacob and kinko watch August stride through the grounds as desperate performer hopeful for work rush up to he . kinko ( cont 'd ) most of they will never belong to another show . and they know it . August be help by Earl , who push the performer aside so August can head straight for the goshen town official , stand beside a oldsmobile . they exchange greeting . ext . fox bros circus ground - goshen , NY - late morning crazy Joe be organize the Flying squadron to take whatever part of the Fox Circus remain that they can use . Jacob be check baggage stock horse when he see : marlena sit alone outside she stateroom . he walk to she . just as he reach she , marlena turn to he , look as if she have not sleep in day . before they can speak , they hear : earl marlena ! jacob ! august want you ! 43. ext . fox bros circus ground - goshen NY - night a champagne bottle be popped OPEN ... a deliriously happy August be walk and hold the champagne , pour glass hold by Earl who then hand one each to marlena , Jacob , diamond Joe and crazy Joe as they all walk towards the Fox bros . menagerie tent . august we have a new star ! diamond joe the man and a half ? august Nah , lousy ringling get here first . but we get better ! a bull ! jacob a bull ? august a bull elephant ! her name be rosie , she 's fifty - three and she 's brilliant . the best bull they have . I be go to come up with a whole new Star Act around she and marlena .. ( to marlena ) you can ride she in the spec from now on , since we have no Liberty horse . August smile at marlena who look back contemptuously , upset about Silver Star . August ignore she . Jacob notice the exchange between they . august ( cont 'd ) ( pour himself a glass . ) ... we own bull ! ringling can not hold that over we now . I be renovate a entire car just for she . crazy joe just for the elephant ! but the bunker be at capacity ! I have get roustabouts three to a bunk . August toss off this concern . 44 . august we will find place for everyone . and when we new star sell ticket , we will buy another car ! we be a show to be reckone with now ! ( toast ) ... to the benzini brother most spectacular show on earth ! int . fox bros . menagerie tent - goshen NY - night camera Pov : dozen of benzini Brothers work man be dismantle and take what they need ... as we character walk through , this crowd of work man in constant motion part the way to reveal : rosie the elephant : she be gargantuan . ten foot tall at the shoulder . her skin be mottle and crack from the tip of she trunk down to she foot . only she ear be smooth . she have deeply set , amber eye with extremely long lash . she stand tall behind a rope , chain to a stake in the ground . Jacob , marlena , August , diamond Joe and greg observe she . jacob she have such long eye lash . diamond joe she 's a hundred if she 's a day . we be lucky if she can move . august darling , what do you think ? she 's magnificent , be not she ? marlena keep she rage silent , but it be all the more potent . August decide to ignore it . Jacob keep he eye on rosie but feel the tension between they . rosie' caretaker approach : filthy shirt behind suspender . rosie' caretaker you the bull man ? august no . ( refer to diamond Joe ) this be my menagerie man . 45 . rosie' caretaker where 's you bull man ? ya get no bull man , I gotta tell the township or else they can not sell she to ya . August grab Jacob 's arm and shove he forward ; august here he be . he 's my bull man .. rosie 's caretaker look at the surprised Jacob , then : rosie' caretaker all right . see this animal ... this here 's the stupidest goddamn animal on the face of God 's good earth .... here 's you bull hook . you be gonna need it . he toss a bull hook - a wooden rod about three foot long with a four inch metal pick come off the end - to Jacob . august I do not believe it . the mayor say she be the best bull you have . rosie' caretaker if she be the best bull , why be she the only one leave ? you think you be the first show to turn up pick on the bone ? August be annoyed . as the caretaker gather he thing : rosie' caretaker ( cont 'd ) some elephant tramp who drop dead in genesee sell she for a song which still be not no bargain cause she be not do a damn thing since but eat everything in sight . ( start to walk away ) well , good luck to ya . and if I do not ever see another dumb bull in my life it will be too soon . ( spit ) rosie pull she trunk from the trough . she lift , aim , and blast the caretaker with such a force , he hat sail off he head in a stream of water . Jacob , August , diamond Joe and greg bite they lip from laugh . marlena just stare into rosie 's eye . 46 . the caretaker stop , he hair and clothes drip . he do not turn , just stand still for a moment - then move on . August 's enthusiasm be slightly dampen . august Joe , you and greg come with I . we have to find a car to renovate . ( to jacob ) see what you can do with she . they exit . Jacob and marlena be leave alone with rosie as Flying squadron man continue to work in the tent . there be a awkward pause between they ... then : jacob Mrs. rosenbluth , I hope I be not speak out of turn here but - but I have no idea they be go to do that to Silver Star . marlena I know .... thank you . this relax Jacob , but he sense she be still sad . marlena ( cont 'd ) and please , call I marlena . I be not a snob like everybody think . Jacob smile . he face rosie and try to cheer marlena up . jacob hello rosie , I be Jacob jankowski . this be Mrs. marlena rosenbluth . can you say Mrs. marlena rosenbluth ? marlena smile as she watch Jacob stroke rosie 's hide . jacob ( cont 'd ) you be a beauty , huh . skin 's a little dry , you oughta take care of that . first thing you notice about a woman 's age be she skin . rosie lift she trunk and begin to explore Jacob 's body . marlena giggle . Jacob play it up to make she laugh . jacob ( cont 'd ) be you flirt with I young lady ? I usually like to make the first move ... ( more ) 47 . jacob ( cont 'd ) ( her trunk tap he head ) I like to get to know a girl first ... take she out . meet she folk ... ( her trunk go lower ) of course , aggressive woman can be a nice change ... ( she tickle he ) Jacob and marlena laugh , she mood lighten because of Jacob . marlena I think you two be engage . they laugh . Jacob be thrilled to have this effect on marlena . a harmonica plays a tune in the distance . they turn towards the sound and see that the two of they be alone in the tent . all the workmen have leave . Jacob and marlena turn back to rosie who stand between they . there be a awkward , lovely moment of intimacy between the three as marlena stroke rosie 's trunk . her hand and Jacob 's come very close to overlap . when they eye meet , one of they quickly avert they glance ... there be clearly a grow attraction between they . but it 's uncomfortable . marlena ( cont 'd ) I think rosie like music . that harmonica song be lovely . jacob I be confessin that I love you . marlena stop , she face flushed by Jacob 's " confession " .. marlena what ? jacob the name of the song . " I be confessin ' that I Love you . " '' marlena ( overlap , realize ) -- " '' confessin ' that I love you . " '' beat . Jacob try not to laugh . they return to stroking rosie , try not to look at each other . jacob marlena Louis armstrong . right . 48 . int . kinko' room - goshen , NY - late afternoon . Jacob enter . kinko be on he bed read he " aristotle " '' but quickly shut the book . queenie growl at Jacob . kinko queenie stop . queenie stop . kinko return to he book . Jacob see a new bed roll and pillow , upon which sit a letter . he read it : " mr. &amp ; mrs . august rosenbluth request the pleasure of you company in stateroom 3 , car 48 , for cocktail and supper . Jacob look up to find kinko stare at he . jacob what be it ? kinko it 's trouble , that 's what . not that I give a damn , but you be play with dynamite with that two and you be gonna blow all of we up . August be the meanest sonofabitch I have ever meet . jacob I admit he have he moment of insanity but he 's really a very generous , charming guy . kinko you do not get it , do you ? when August feed you arm to a lion - that 's the real August . the one who 's generous and charming - that 's the insane August . they hear a fight outside the car . they move to investigate : int / ext . ring stock car - continuous - late afternoon . Jacob and kinko look out of the open ring stock car to see : August be stand before a man who be be hold by blackie 's Men and punch by blackie himself . the man be bleed and bruise . various other performer and work man also watch the brutality ; 49 . kinko six man get red light last night . cancel show and that damn elephant cost August . he need to clean house to save on payroll ... it 's a lousy day when a animal get pay and man do not . jacob why be they beat he ? kinko he hide one of the man who be suppose to be toss . Word be the train be over a trestle instead of land . nobody come back from that . they hear : august get rid of he . he come back on my property , you can shoot he . August walk away , with Earl and he man in tow . blackie and he man drag the beat man away . as they turn , Jacob recognize the man ; it be WADE who work Jacob on he first day . int . marlena and august stateroom - goshen , NY - night August , wear a tuxedo , open the door on the platform . august jacob ! come in , come in ! Jacob enter they stateroom which take up half the car , with a additional room , cordon off by a velvet curtain . the main room be panele in walnut and outfit with damask furniture , a dinette and a pullman kitchen . august ( cont 'd ) darling , we guest have arrive . Jacob 's eye go wide upon see marlena who appear look radiant in a rise silk , off the shoulder evening dress . marlena I be so glad you could come . would you like a beer ? or champagne ? 50 . jacob I be not dress for champagne . august we can fix that , can not we darling ? August wink at marlena who giggle at they secret as August usher Jacob to the velvet curtain ... august ( cont 'd ) we be celebrate we new star , rosie . my plan be to have the act ready for the Manhattan / Jersey show so she can start sell ticket . ( beat ) unfortunately we have to let some man go last night ... Jacob listen to how August will explain this : august ( cont 'd ) ... I do not like do it , not one bit . but to keep hard work man work , I have to get rid of lay - about and thief who be dead weight . if I have the fund to pay they all I would , but time be as they be ... I regret it though . Jacob believe he . August turn to he , with cheer : august ( cont 'd ) so tomorrow , my faithful bull man , we begin ! but tonight - we dine !! tonight , we all deserve champagne ! August whisk the velvet curtain aside : august ( cont 'd ) ta-dah ! a tuxedo for Jacob , who smile , impressed . montage : a period song cover the image taking US over the course of the evening along with jacob' narration : - Three white - glove waiter remove the dome off of silver platter revealing oyster bisque , prime rib , boil potato , asparagus in cream . - marlena 's dress barely cover she shoulder , expose she porcelain skin and the curve of she breast . Jacob can barely keep he eye off of she during dinner ... 51 . - Jacob be wiping he plate clean as August proudly offer more . marlena laugh at Jacob 's embarrassment when he realize he plate be clean ... - wine be pour over and over ... as the evening continue . - August be at the center of conversation entertaining marlena and Jacob . they be drunk from the wine ! august ( cont 'd ) Jacob , I want to apologize to you , in front of my darling marlena so she can witness how truly sorry I be for any bit of nastiness between we ... running this show , the many pressure ... it can get the best of I sometimes I be afraid . marlena people do not realize how much August do hold everything together . how difficult it be in this time . the whole company be like a family to he . august thank you my love . he kiss she hand then turn to Jacob ; august ( cont 'd ) from now on I shall trust you judgement in all thing veterinarian . please say you accept my apology . Jacob be enamoure with August again , especially see marlena smile in agreement . jacob of course I do , August . you have be nothing but swell to I . august good man ! ( sincere ) I could truly use a friend I can trust . Jacob once again beam at the compliment as August pour more wine . but Jacob feel a twinge of guilt . he stand to make a dramatic statement . August and marlena look up to he . 52 . jacob I have to tell you something . you may not trust I after you hear it . August and marlena pause - give Jacob they attention . jacob ( cont 'd ) I never take my final exam at Cornell . I be not a real vet . beat . then August and marlena burst into laughter at the dire earnestness with which Jacob make he statement . jacob ( cont 'd ) but it 's true . I never get my degree . I be not a license vet . they laugh even harder . august bah ! a worthless piece of paper from the ivy bush league ! of course you be a vet . you have the gift . you be idealism be just so ... sweet . when be you go to learn that the rule write of , by and for this united state of sucker do not apply to we . jacob not about this , August . august all right , let I ask you - do you honestly think this be the most spectacular show on earth ? jacob ( beat . then laugh ) no . august no . it 's nowhere near . lucinda , we fat Lady , be not 800 pound . four at the top . and you really think the tattooe man get tattooe by headhunter in borneo ? he 's from Pittsburgh . take he nine year to ink himself . and you know what I do when the hippo die ? swapped out she water for formaldehyde and keep show she . for two week , we travel with a pickle hippo .. ( more ) 53. august ( cont 'd ) ( Jacob &amp ; marlena laugh ) .. the world be run on trick - in here and out there . so trust I , it 's have a talent that count . in this world , it 's all that 's real . look at this country , this dead , God awful town we play . talent and illusion bring life to what be dead ... even for just a matinee . how wonderful be that ? Jacob believe he 's right . marlena smile in agreement . August rise to toast . Jacob and marlena follow . august ( cont 'd ) to talent and illusion ! jacob to rosie ! marlena and Silver Star . August take a beat and smile warmly at marlena ... august to all we love . he lean over and kiss marlena longer than appropriate in front of a guest . Jacob downs he wine , close he eye . suddenly , August grab Jacob and marlena and pull they up to dance , throw he arm around they both as we hear : Louis armstrong 's dream a little dream of I . August start sing along , imitate satchmo 's voice , encourage Jacob to join in ... August be a great performer , fill up the space with he impersonation . Jacob can only laugh along . august ( cont 'd ) come on Jacob ! it 's customary to sing for you supper ! Jacob join in to perform with August . marlena applaud they . August break away to dance with marlena as Jacob sing . they begin to slow dance , very intimately . Jacob give up sing and plop himself on a upholster chair , drink more champagne . Jacob watch they dance : 54 . jacob ( v.o. ) he look like a different man when he look at she . I say to myself , maybe love do that to a man . I do not know much about it . suddenly , August kiss marlena - a bit too aggressively . marlena darling . darling , please .. ( giggle ) gently . we have a guest . August stare at she . his expression darken - lock he eye on marlena and tilting he head as if he be examine she . marlena smile and stroke he face . August do not respond . he remain intense ... marlena ( cont 'd ) darling , what be it ? August take she face by the chin and tilt it with complete control , as if search for proof of something he can not trust . his grip tighten , hurt she . alert , Jacob sit up , prepare to intervene ... but marlena show no sign of fear . she know exactly what to do . marlena ( cont 'd ) August , dear ... she manage to move he hand to she mouth and kiss it . marlena ( cont 'd ) you do not know you own strength , my love . and then , just as quickly , August 's expression soften , relax , almost into sadness ... as if he 's about to cry .... marlena sense it immediately . she whisper lovingly . marlena ( cont 'd ) auggie ? August stop and eye the bed beyond they . he leave marlena and throw himself face first on the bed . marlena ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , Jacob . Jacob watch as marlena attend to August , lift he leg onto the bed , take off he shoe . August begin snore . 55 . marlena smooth the hair out of he face then close the curtain and return to Jacob in the main room . jacob be everything all right ? marlena put a finger to lip and keep it there , as she return to she Victrola and select another record . she crank it on and play it low . a RUTH etting song . marlena oh yes . he 's just have too much to drink , that 's all . I hope you have a good time tonight . I want so much to make thing up to you . jacob tonight be you idea ? marlena oh auggie want it too , he feel horrible about what happen . he really do like you Jacob . but it 's hard for he . he 's under a lot of pressure . he do more than people realize hold thing together . jacob you say that . marlena well it 's true ... ( open she arm to he . ) one dance before you go ? Jacob cautiously approach . marlena take he hand but when Jacob press closely against she and place he hand against she bare back , he almost swoon . they slow dance . both tipsy . marlena ( cont 'd ) jankowski be Polish be not it ? jacob ( nods ) be that all right ? marlena ( laugh ) yes , of course , sorry ... I just think it 's interesting . I do not know what I be , besides August 's wife .... I grow up in foster home since I be a baby . ( more ) 56 . marlena ( cont 'd ) kentucky , Oklahoma , Kansas , Texas ... I must have cover a dozen state by the time I be 17 . I would make up storey about who my parent be ... ( laugh ) when I be five , I pretend for a whole year my mother be a appaloosa mare ... they both laugh . marlena ( cont 'd ) I do ! ... and I pretend that I be really a appaloosa filly ... and that I be just dream I be a girl and one day , I would wake up ... and I would run home . ( laugh ) anyway , I be a lot safer inside that stable than I ever be inside that home ... marlena stop , not want to continue . Jacob find a new route for she conversation . jacob what happen at 17 ? marlena there be a parade for the circus . at the head , there be six black fresian , 17 hand high wear red tassle . so proud ! so beautiful . and August be lead they . the second he look at I , the way he look at I , I know I would never live with stranger again . and the way he talk . told I " I would find a home in every city .. welcome in every town ... and he would give I -- jacob /marlena -- a life most sucker can not dream of " ! marlena ( laugh ) ha , you too , huh ? ( jacob nods ) it 's a wonderful lie , be not it ? ( jacob nods ) ( more ) 57 . marlena ( cont 'd ) but he say he would make I a Star attraction and he do . I be pretty lucky he find I . Jacob , lose in she eye and she voice , blurt out : jacob he be pretty lucky to find you . marlena be surprised by the compliment ... and endear . marlena you be sweet to say so . beat . feeling expose , Jacob search to change the subject : jacob pretty song . marlena do not tell he what happen ... Jacob take this as a intimate moment between they . jacob oh no marlena , I will not ever tell . marlena smile , laugh , use Jacob 's joke back on he ; marlena that 's the name of the song . " do not tell him what happen to I " .. Ruth etting . she 's one of my favorite . Jacob 's head start spin . marlena take care of he ; marlena ( cont 'd ) be you much of a wine drinker ? jacob I have no idea . marlena maybe you should go to bed . jacob ( nods ) where 's that ? marlena laugh . Jacob 's bow tie be undone - she tie it ; 58 . marlena here , let I ... we can not let you go out there all untied . a circus be a small town . what will people say ? as marlena tie he tie , Jacob 's eye simply rest on marlena 's face - sink deeper in love . when marlena finish , she look up to Jacob ... she can tell Jacob be enamoure . she smile warmly , touch he cheek ... marlena ( cont 'd ) sweet , sweet Jacob ... jacob ( sensitive issue ) I be not that sweet . marlena ( lower she hand ) good night . marlena turn and disappear behind the velvet curtain . Jacob stand still for a moment , then exit . ext . ring stock car - continuous - goshen , NY - night a drunk Jacob see the ring stock car door open , fill with people 's leg hang out and loud voice from within . int . ring stock car - continuous - goshen , NY - night Jacob hop up into the car . kinko be give a party , with a bottle in he hand and drunken hospitality on he face . thirty performer cram the area usually occupy by marlena 's horse , include barbara and another coochie girl , nell . kinko and queenie be perform trick . Jacob watch . he admire the talent and humor of kinko and queenie 's act . at the end , the girl laugh and applaud . Jacob join in : jacob brava queenie ! brava ! but the sound of Jacob 's voice immediately make queenie stop and growl at he . Jacob stop . kinko , Barbara and the coochie girl stop laugh and stare the drunken young man , with he shirt out of he pants . he be ripe for the pick ! they get a idea ! 59 . kinko jacob my friend !! folk , this be my friend and roommate Jacob . I would like you all to make he feel at home ! kinko start laugh uncontrollably and before Jacob can protest or escape , Barbara and nell approach he , move in for the kill . blurry -ey , Jacob stagger back but the other refuse to let he leave . in fact , he be pick up bodily , raise above they head and transport to Silver Star 's empty stall as Barbara and nell disrobe he . in black out .... we hear a scraping noise then see a sliver of light as a lid be opened . int . train car / clown alley car - en route - morning kinko open the lid of a trunk , speak to someone inside ; jacob ( o.s. ) where be I ? kinko move about a car fill with rack of costume , prop and a open trunk contain the hide Jacob . kinko where be you right now or where be you in a aristotelean context because right now you be in a trunk . Inside the trunk , o.s. Jacob lift he arm to camera and discover he be dress in a red silk dress gown ... jacob ( o.s. ) where be my clothes ? I be not wear anything underneath this --- ( then : ) oh my GOD ... somebody shave my ... kinko huh-huh . as Jacob struggle out of the trunk , we only see he arm . jacob ( o.s. ) what the hell do I do last night ? kinko you throw up on Barbara ... and maybe nell . 60 . jacob ( v.o. ) I feel sick . kinko you look a little pale . kinko hold the mirror to Jacob . we see for the first time : jacob be face have be painted as a clown . int . train car - continuous - morning Jacob race through each car - past musician , clown and the coochie Girls - clutching he robe , rub the make - up off . along the way , the circus company taunt and tease he with sexy hoot and holler . kinko follow he , delighted . int . kinko' room - tuxedo park , NY - morning have clean up , Jacob be dress in he own clothes . kinko sit on he cot " read Shakespeare " '' with a melancholy queenie at he side . when Jacob scratch he shaven ball ... kinko you ball itchy ? jacob yes thank you ! piss off , Jacob continue to dress . kinko it will grow back . aw come on , you still store about last night ? now I figure we be even . in fact , I probably owe you one . feel free to borrow a book . jacob let 's just drop it . kinko open a book to read . Jacob notice queenie 's quiet . jacob ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with queenie ? kinko what do you mean " wrong " '' ? 61 . jacob I mean she 's not hat I . something 's wrong . kinko ( concerned , pet she ) yeah , she 's be like this all day . I do not know ... she must have eat something . she do she business and it be kind of ... watery . jacob her stool ? do you look at it for parasite ? kinko ( shake head ) I do not like look at my own . jacob get some honey from the cookhouse . and if you can find any slippery elm powder . but the honey should do it . if not , we will check she for parasite . Jacob start to exit . as kinko read he book ; kinko Jacob ? ( jacob stop ) thanks . jacob sure kinko . he move to exit again . kinko never look up from book ; kinko Jacob ? jacob yeah . kinko my real name 's walter . they never look at each other but a friendship be form . Jacob exit . 62 . ext . ring stock car - circus ground - morning when Jacob hop out , he see performer and roustabouts all gather by a performer train car , huddle and discuss . he cross to investigate , meeting up with August diamond Joe and Mr. erwin ... august we get big trouble . lucinda die . now we have get no center ring star act and no sideshow star ... jacob how do she die ? mr. erwin I do not know where we be gonna find a fat lady this late in the season . august I do not care where you find one , but find one . ( to diamond Joe ) better get some kind of rig set up to lift she out of the car . how do you carry Silver Star out ? diamond joe in piece . august oh yes ... ( consider for a second ) mmmm ... jacob August ! august no , no , of course , do not be silly ! right . well , figure something else out Joe but get it down for the performance . put she in the hippo tank for now . ( to jacob ) you better start on that elephant . we need she perform yesterday . 63. ext . rosie' train car - morning out of the darkness of she car , the enormous elephant emerge , be lead down a ramp by Jacob . ext . training ring - tuxedo park , NY - late morning Jacob - clean , dress and hang over - sit cross legge in front of rosie . the two stare at each other . rosie 's nose search the ground for something to eat . Jacob , without energy or focus , he head pound , order she ; jacob rosie ... up. rosie just look at he without move . jacob ( cont 'd ) up. rosie . up. rosie 's trunk start to sniff around Jacob . jacob ( cont 'd ) rosie .... walk !... step !.. rosie step ! rosie 's trunk investigate Jacob 's body , tapping he head . jacob ( cont 'd ) rosie please . my hair hurt . rosie 's trunk snake around he . jacob ( cont 'd ) no ... no more cracker Jack until you do something .... rosie !... rosie curl she trunk around Jacob and slowly topple he sideways , turn he over as he weakly threaten ; jacob ( cont 'd ) I be get really mad now .... I mean it ... rosie stop ... rosie get the cracker Jack from he back pocket ... august ( v.o . ) you just can not get enough of somebody in you pants , can you ? Jacob quickly get up as August stride towards he ; 64 . august ( v.o. ( cont 'd ) Heard you have a rough night ? jacob do everybody know what happen ? august yes . jacob can somebody tell I ? August suppress a laugh . august I be open the midway and the menagerie this afternoon for some extra cash before the show tomorrow night . we will see how she do with the crowd . she get any skill ? jacob find food ? but I do not really know how to do this . august well , first of all , you can not do anything with a bull without the bull hook . August take the bull hook from the ground . august ( cont 'd ) it 's the only way to train they . watch . Jacob step back . august ( cont 'd ) up !.. up !... come on up ! August stab rosie behind the shoulder .. Jacob wince . rosie lift she foot a little . august ( cont 'd ) higher up ... up ! August keep jabbing she with the hook ... dotting she flesh with blood . Jacob get upset . jacob August , there 's get to be another way . 65 . august we do not have the time ! she have to start earning she keep move ! up ! up !! August stab she other shoulder ... harder ... continue to shout . rosie be get agitate ... pull away from he but constrain by she chain . her eye fearful . other performer rehearse in the area begin to watch as August strike rosie harder and harder . she begin to bleed . Jacob try to stop August by go for the bull hook ... jacob please , August , let I try again . but August angrily pull it away and turn on Jacob : august do not tell I my business ! you do not want to watch this , get the hell out ! make love to it be not go to work . besides , from what I hear , you be not that good at it . ( to rosie ) get up ! up !!! Jacob watch , upset and furious at August 's treatment . int . menagerie tent - tuxedo park , NY - later that day rosie 's flesh be dot with wound from August 's bull hook . Jacob be apply zinc ointment to they . jacob I be so sorry girl . just a few more here . hold still . the un -stake canvas flap behind rosie wave up with the breeze .... rosie 's trunk rise . she smell something from outside the tent . when Jacob bend down for more ointment , rosie try to turn around but she chain be still stake into the ground . as Jacob straighten up , he see : rosie 's trunk carefully wrap itself around the stake and pull it up out of the ground .... she then manage to turn herself around , she butt to Jacob . rosie 's trunk then dive down and up under the canvas flap . 66 . jacob ( cont 'd ) rosie ? ext . menagerie tent / midway - tuxedo park - continuous - day a vat of lemonade left on the concession stand , which be in the process of be dismantle . work man be carry item back to the train . we see : rosie 's trunk come out from under the canvas , she body hide , search for the lemonade . Jacob peer out to see : rosie 's trunk dip itself into the vat of lemonade and drink the entire content . Jacob be amaze . he look around : Workmen be some distance away load the train . no one else see she . rosie finish then turn back into the menagerie . int . menagerie tent - tuxedo park , NY - continuous - day . rosie 's trunk gather up the stake and then stake it back into the ground . Jacob can not believe he eye . he laugh . ext . train - en route t0 new jersey - day as the train travel to weekhawken , New Jersey ... Jacob be look out of open car to NYC skyline across the river . jacob ( v.o. ) we be on we way to the Manhattan / Jersey show and Mr. erwin still have not find a fat lady . ticket sale be low . so August , ha , ha ... August pull a hat trick . ext . STREET parade - weehawken , n.j. - day August be sit atop rosie , smile , wave he top hat , then forlornly place it against he chest and lowering he head in respect for lucinda . Manhattan be in the distance . 67 . jacob ( v.o. ) a parade like you never see , a funeral and a celebration , say goodbye to one star , introduce a new one ... play that rube die to get a peek like he be roll a coin over he finger tip ... rosie lead a small parade of clown , include walter and a perky , healthy queenie down the main street . marlena sit atop a percheron , in full costume . Jacob walk astride . lucinda 's wagon , carry " the dead lucinda " '' , follow . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be not really lucinda in there . it be Barbara in a fat suit and wig inside the hippo de . we bury the real lucinda by the railroad track between town . cemetery cost too much . we be the only family she know . people line up to cheer and offer they silent respects ... and satisfy a ghoulish fascination at the " dead " '' fat lady . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) August sure be right about rosie . she pull the people right in . rosie play that crowd like a pro . the rube love the exotic rosie ... kid run up to pet she with they parent . as rosie pass , we see a old woman stand in front of she green shutter house wave with delight . we see she have a abundant vegetable garden which rosie eye covertly . ext . big top - spec line up - weehawken , NJ - day we hear : the Band play from inside the Big top as the performer and ring stock be line up for the Grand spec . jacob but as soon as the spec start , we all know it be too soon for rosie 's debut . rosie head the line . marlena sit atop she , in she sequin and headdress , grab onto rosie 's leather halter . 68 . August stand beside with the bull hook . his face be cold and still . his finger clutch and release the bull hook . the spec music begin and everyone make last minute adjustment ... kinko and queenie include .... August shout into rosie 's ear . august move ! move ! rosie hesitates so August strike she right shoulder with the bull hook . the pain send rosie fly through the Big top flap , cause marlena to adeptly flatten she back atop rosie so as not to hit she head on the pole that run across the Big top flap . other gasp at the near accident . August be already furious . Jacob sense danger ahead . he follow in , curling the edge of the sidewall so as not to impede the spec performer . int . big top - weehawken , NJ - continuous - day Jacob watch as rosie make it twenty foot down the hippodrome track then stop . without miss a beat , marlena yank herself upright , beam a smile and thrust she hand in the air , she back arched , she toe point - as if it be all a part of the act . the crowd go wild - clap , throw peanut , whistling . rosie only move in fit and start , cause the rest of the spec to pass they by at time . she trot ahead of August and then when August reach she she stop , make August halt awkwardly . August feel humiliate until : the crowd laugh , think it 's the act . they applaud . August realize the crowd love it . so August , the performer , start to play the infuriate fool to the audience , act comically angry and frustrated with rosie .. but when he turn back to rosie , he be red-face with real anger , poke under she shoulder with the bull hook . after three stop and start , August plunge the bull hook sharply into she shoulder blade ... and rosie take off at a faster speed , curling she trunk in the air . the crowd cheer ! 69 . marlena grasp rosie 's halter as they fast approach the dangerous pole above the entrance . if marlena do not bail , she will be knock off by the pole . Jacob , August , the spec and the audience watch enthralled as rosie charge toward the entrance ... when suddenly : marlena let go of the halter and lean hard to the leave . just as rosie bolt out of the Big top , marlena grab hold of the pole above the entrance and be leave hang there as rosie exit the Big top ... for a moment , the audience do not know if this be part of the act . Jacob want to run to help she ... but marlena quickly decide what to do ; she let go of the pole with she leave hand and quickly swing around so she be face the audience , still hang from the pole . her face light up and she point to she toe . the Band leader take this as a signal and conduct the band into a drum roll . the crowd relax and applaud . marlena begin swinging , gain momentum as the band roll mount . soon , in one final burst of performance inspiration , she release herself from the pole , sail through the air tucking she body into a ball , roll twice , uncurl for one sideways rotation and land firmly in the sawdust in she foot . she straighten up and thrust she arm in the air . the crowd go wild . the Band play victory music . coin be throw from the bleacher . even the spec performer cheer . August acknowledge the audience 's response by bow as if it be all he creation . but after a moment , Jacob can see marlena be in pain as she turn and subtly limp out of the Big top . he follow she . ext . big top - weehawken NJ - day Jacob rush to she . marlena , in pain , collapse in he arm . marlena oh Jacob ... August rush out and be stop cold by the sight of marlena in Jacob 's arm . he immediately tense up . jacob August , she 's hurt . August take she in he arm . Barbara appear to help . 70 . august I be here , darling , I have get you . barbara bring she to my tent , it 's closer . august Jacob , send Joe for ice . you go and find that goddamn bull before we be run out town . and take the hook ! August be seethe , he expression cold , as he carry marlena o.s. Jacob , concerned , take the hook and run o.s. ext . old woman' GREEN shutter house - weehawken - day rosie be stand in a vegetable garden calmly feed herself cabbage . the owner be the old woman who be delighted by rosie in the parade . she be now scream hit she with a small garden shovel ... Jacob run up . jacob I be sorry mar 'am . I will get she . old woman you better before she get at my -- aahhh , my tomatoes ! you monster !! rosie have help herself to tomato . Jacob step in . jacob rosie , no ! stop ! rosie pause for a moment , flap she ear at Jacob , then shove a bush of tomato in she mouth . Jacob almost laugh . jacob ( cont 'd ) bad elephant , that 's not nice . this kind lady have not invite you . old woman be you crazy talking to a elephant !? shoot it ! before it eat my house ! i'm calling the police ! she exit into the house as rosie wrap she trunk around cabbage , uproot they , as Jacob try to battle she trunk . greg arrive with a bucket he place in front of rosie . her trunk stop fight Jacob and sniff inside the bucket . 71 . jacob what 's in the bucket ? greg gin and ginger ale . elephant love booze . one whiff of this and she 's not think about cabbage no more . ( bat she trunk away ) ... moj malutki paczuszek ? jacob greg , right ? be you Polish ? greg grabowski . jacob jankowski. greg again push rosie 's trunk away from the bucket . greg last show I work , one bull fake a belly ache just to get the whiskey ... better grab the hook . jacob be you a bull man ? August would hire you in a minute . greg do not want the job . not for he . besides , I be not bull man . I just like big beast . Jacob get it and follow greg who carry the bucket . greg ( cont 'd ) be she follow ? Jacob turn around to see and sure enough : rosie be leave the garden and trot behind to catch up to the bucket of gin and ginger ale . Jacob 's impressed . ext . circus ground - weehawken , NJ - twilight the show be still in progress - we can hear the band play for the aerialist act in the background . 72 . as Jacob make he way to marlena 's stateroom he cross path with August , whose face be " dark as thunder " .. jacob how 's marlena ? august a little shaky . sore wrist . bruise heel . Doc say she will be fine . do you catch the bull ? jacob she 's in the menagerie . august good . August take the bull hook from Jacob and walk with cold blooded intent towards the menagerie . Jacob panic , realize what August about to do . Jacob follow to stop he ; jacob August ! wait ! she be good ! she come back on she own ! besides , you can not do anything now ! the show be still go on . august ( walking ) good . the band will drow it out . jacob august , no ! Jacob touch August 's arm . August turn on Jacob with a murderous expression , shove he to the ground . Jacob be about to get up to fight but August caution he with the bull hook to stay down . August smile slightly . would he really use that bull hook on Jacob or be he kid ? Jacob stay down . August continue on , enter the menagerie tent . marlena ( o.s. ) Jacob ! Jacob see marlena run towards he . ext . circus ground - continuous - weehawken - twilight Jacob and marlena run across the grounds to the menagerie as workmen be run out of the menagerie tent , hearing August scream from inside . they enter the menagerie tent to see : 73. int . menagerie tent - continuous - weehawken - twilight August be beat rosie , who cry out with each blow . the animal be panic from inside they cage - the lion roaring , the monkey 's squealing . marlena freeze at the entrance as Jacob run to August . marlena august ... stop !!! August turn to see she . enrage , he stop Jacob with : august get she out of here ! now ! Jacob want to help rosie but can not disobey August in this moment . he return to marlena and usher she out , as August continue to beat rosie . ext . menagerie tent - continuous - weehawken - twilight marlena and Jacob step away , hearing rosie cry out . marlena can not bear it . she grab Jacob 's hand for support . Jacob tentatively hold onto she waist , guide she away . she lean into he . Jacob love be this close to she . the scream of August o.s. pull they attention to see : Earl and he man physically drag a maniacal August out of the tent , he bull hook and clothes bloody by he rage . he be kick and struggle against they like a madman . Jacob be shocked by August 's behavior . but marlena have see it before . she pull away from Jacob and exit o.s. alone . int . menagerie tent - weehawken , NJ - later that night rosie be lie on she side , she foot still chain to the stake . she be quivering , riddled with bloody hole . Jacob be kneel , apply zinc ointment , not know where he can touch that will not hurt she . he be heart break . jacob rosie , what be I go to do with you ? rosie 's eye look up to he , she lash blink . her trunk lift and wipe at she own eye . 74 . greg appear with a bucket and several bottle of whiskey . he begin pour whiskey bottle into a bucket . greg here this will help . poor beast . he really hurt she . told you about he . ( curse August in polish ) do not understand why a man like that want to be around animal in the first place . he should not have the right , if you ask I . listen to greg , Jacob get increasingly angry . he see the bull hook . he grab it and march out of the menagerie . ext . circus ground - continuous - weehawken , NJ - night Earl 's man be smoking , when one see Jacob march angrily towards August 's stateroom , carry the bull hook . alert ; earl' man somebody better find Earl . int . marlena and august stateroom - continuous - night Jacob reach the platform to find the door ajar . he move through it . the stateroom be in a shamble . a open suitcase of woman 's clothes lie strewn across the floor . august ( o.s. ) marlena ...! August appear from behind the curtain ; he look uncharacteristically distraught ... teary eye and unkempt . august ( cont 'd ) do you know where marlena be ? do she send you ? jacob no .... what happen ? august she will not speak to I ... he can not finish . he sit , bury he head in he hand . august ( cont 'd ) ... she will not let I apologize ... she will not forgive I . 75 . Jacob be astound by August 's sad , pitiable state . august ( cont 'd ) I do not know what happen to I , Jacob . when I see that bull run wild with marlena , I ... I lose my mind . but it 's because I love she . why can not she understand that ? ( Jacob stand coldly ) be not there anyone who understand ? ( Jacob remain silent ) ah , it 's all my fault , I know it be . I have spend too much money on that bull . I can not pay the workmen . we debt be pile . we be lose attendance at every show . I have no Star attraction . I do not know what 's go to happen to we if rosie do not sell ticket . ( confess ) if I lose this circus , I will lose marlena - I know it . Jacob soften , see August in this helpless , humble light . jacob I be sure that 's not true . august maybe you can talk to she . she 's tired of my apology but , this pressure I be under ... of course , that 's no excuse for what I do ... ( rub the image away ) ... I can not believe what I do . be she all right ? the bull . rosie . jacob she will be ok . august would you tell marlena ? and tell she ... tell she I will do anything . anything she want . jacob August , I can not ... ( then ) I be sure she will forgive you ... she love you ... anyone can see that . August want to believe he . he seem more hopeful . 76 . august thank you . my friend . Jacob nod , confuse , he anger diffuse . as he exit ; august ( cont 'd ) Jacob ? Jacob stop and turn back as August ask : august ( cont 'd ) what be you plan to do with that bull hook ? Jacob realize he 's hold the bull hook . August smile . august ( cont 'd ) ha . you look like I . Jacob look in the mirror and indeed - with rosie 's blood on he open shirt , bull hook in hand - he look like a violent man . august ( cont 'd ) maybe there be someone who understand I . August smile . but Jacob be unnerve by the smile ... and the comparison . suddenly , Earl enter and look around , on alert ; earl what 's go on ? august everything 's fine , Earl . August nod to Jacob , who push past Earl to exit . ext . train - continuous - weehawken , NJ - night Jacob jump down off the platform . confused and disgust , he take the bull hook , wedge it under the train and break it in half . int . menagerie tent - weehawken , NJ - moment later - night Jacob enter to find greg still treat rosie . jacob how 's she do ? 77 . greg oh she 's a strong one , this one . ( to rosie ) jestes dobra dziewczynka Jacob watch as rosie lift she foot and greg rub ointment . Jacob see the many empty whiskey bottle . jacob be she drunk ? greg ( laugh ) she 's four ton .. she will just sleep good . ( screw ointment top ) potoz noge . Jacob watch as rosie put she foot back on the ground . greg ( cont 'd ) masz , moja piekna Jacob watch as greg dig in he pocket and pull out a mint , brush off the lint . rosie 's trunk investigate , then nimbly pluck it out of he hand and into she mouth . suddenly , jacob have a epiphany . jacob oh my God ... ext . midway - weehawken , NJ - later that night a excited Jacob be lead August to the menagerie tent . int . menagerie tent - continuous - night Jacob lead August to rosie . a curious greg stop tend to rosie . Jacob hand August a slip of paper with Polish word . jacob just read that out loud . to rosie . August read the word in Polish with Jacob 's help ... august rosie ... da--da--- jacob daj . 78 . august daj...daj..no-ge . rosie do nothing . August look to Jacob . Jacob be worried . greg suggest , in a low whisper ; greg might help if he say please . jacob say ... prosze rosie daj noge . august Pros -- prozze rosie ... daj noge . rosie lift she foot . August 's eye gleam . jacob go on . august ( read and recite ) rosie ... potoz noge . rosie put she foot down . August start to understand . august ( cont 'd ) ( read and recite ) do tylu , rosie ! do tylu ! rosie sigh , shift she weight , then take a couple of step backward . August be amaze . Jacob be thrilled . jacob ( v.o. ) that Fox bros bull man do not tell we be the elephant tramp who sell rosie to they be Polish ... August grab Jacob and kiss he on the mouth . august we have get a new star ! greg remain cautious . pre - lap : live jazz band music . int . new york CITY speakeasy - later that night the live band play on a raise platform . the dance floor be jamme with couple . 79 . tables and u-shape booth surround the dance floor . tuxedoed bartender serve from a wooden bar line with hundred of bottle in front of a smoky mirror . August , Jacob and marlena sit in a booth . they be drunk on they third bottle of champagne . marlena be wear a beautiful , low cut bead red gown . Jacob can barely keep he eye off of she . marlena be particularly drunk - we have never see she this wild or spontaneous . she sing along with the band ... she keep rhythm by bang she hand on the table . however , she be act distant to August . August be happy she be have a good time . when he slide next to she and put he arm around she , marlena stiffen ; august would you like to dance , darling ? marlena no , thank you . awkward beat . marlena take she champagne glass and drink the last of it . August try to make light of it . august we need more champagne . jacob I will get it . august no , you stay with marlena . August kiss she cheek , but marlena be clearly still upset . August let she be . he exit o.s. jacob you ever go to let he off the hook ? marlena hook ? that 's a unfortunate choice of word . jacob rosie 's go be great . he will not hurt she again . I know it . marlena Jacob , what you know about August be pretty much nothing . 80 . Jacob feel put down . marlena realize that come out too brusquely . she soften , and explain with vulnerability ; marlena ( cont 'd ) you know how many star act we have have ? how much money we have make and lose and make ...? Silver Star pay for we new stateroom and look what happen to he . everything August touch get feed to the cat one way or another . ( sadly ) he will never change . Jacob be move . marlena shift gear and rise . marlena ( cont 'd ) I want to dance . jacob maybe you should wait for August . marlena I want to dance now ! she pull he up onto the dance floor . marlena dance light as air . she spin from Jacob then return to he arm , so that she back be to he . Jacob 's forearm be on she collarbone - skin to skin . her chest rise and fall under he arm . her hair under he chin , Jacob can smell she fragrance - then she unwind away from , like a ribbon . when the music stop , everyone applaud they dance - include marlena . Jacob beam . he look up to the bar : August stand stock still . his eye glaring at Jacob . the dark expression we have come to know . seethe with quiet rage . Jacob take a step back from marlena when suddenly they hear ; off camera shout raid !! raaaaid !!! everybody out !!! pandemonium : Jacob be sweep by a crush of body . people scream , shove they way towards the exit . marlena be shove along with they , a few head in front of Jacob . Jacob reach through the sea of flesh and grab a hand . by marlena 's expression , we know he have grasp she hand . Jacob scan the panicked crowd for August but all he see be stranger run in every direction , people scream .. Jacob 's hand be rip apart from marlena at the doorway . 81 . ext . new york CITY alley - night Jacob be throw into the alley . people be pile into car , engine be start , wheel squealing . suddenly , marlena appear , grab Jacob 's hand . she take off she shoe . they run through back street . ext . iron FIRE escape - new york CITY alley - night they run under a fire escape , panting , out of breath . the siren and scream of the crowd be distant . marlena Lord , that be close ... aw , look at my stocking ! and they be silk too . jacob I wonder if August get out ... marlena look up at Jacob and start laugh hysterically , as if for no reason . they be both still drunk . jacob ( cont 'd ) ... I do not know how we be go to get home . I have never be in New York , have you ? marlena 's laugh subside as she get a idea . marlena I want to see the Empire State Building . jacob what ... what about August ? marlena I do not know where he be , do you ? and he do not know where we be . it 's not we fault . like you say , who know how long it will take we to get back . Jacob be hesitant . marlena take he hand and softly plead ; marlena ( cont 'd ) just a few hour , Jacob . for just a few hour , we do not belong anywhere ... we do not belong to anyone ... please . 82. Jacob look in she eye and know he should not , but ... jacob ( v.o. ) I be doom . he smile . marlena beam . they run off . ext . top of the empire state build - NYC - night a summer storm with thunder and lighten be come towards they from over the Hudson River . marlena and Jacob be look out at the expansive 1931 view of New York City . other couple stroll about the sky deck . marlena breathes in deeply ... marlena I have never see so far . have you ? ( Jacob shake head ) look at it . as far as the eye can see and it 's nowhere near all that 's out there . Jacob notice tear in she eye . jacob be you all right ? marlena ( laughing / crying ) yes . no . yes , hahaha I be fine . I be a complete mess ...ha ... the thunder break and the rain begins to pour ... suddenly , marlena scream as loud as she can , startling the other couple . Jacob laugh . beat of silence , then : marlena ( cont 'd ) sorry . but Jacob understand ; he scream and marlena join in . jacob marlena aaahahahaahaaahaaaaa ahaahahahahaahahahahah the other couple leave the sky deck to get out of the rain and away from " that crazy couple " .. marlena and Jacob stop , wet , panting , laugh from the release . then , look out at the view , not at each other ... 83. marlena begin to confess what she need Jacob to know . marlena ( cont 'd ) Jacob ? I need you to do something for I . promise I you will . jacob ( hopeful ) anything . marlena I want you to go . I want you get away from we , from the show . you be smart Jacob . you deserve better than we . leave as soon as you can or something terrible 's go to happen . jacob ( surprised , confuse ) why be you say this ? marlena it 's all right . no one can hear . we will never get another chance to say it all . marlena look into Jacob 's eye and finally address what they be both think ; marlena ( cont 'd ) nothing can ever happen with we , you know . it 's too dangerous . August will never let I go . you do not know what he 's capable of . jacob how can you be with a man you be frighten of ? marlena I be not . I do not have to feel afraid of he if I do not feel anything ... after all this year , I have learn how to do it so well . I tell myself , " I be manage . I can manage he . August love I . nobody else ever do . who be I to say it 's the wrong kind of love ? " '' .. see , there 's no place for a woman like I in any decent kind of world . you know where they find I when I be a baby ? ... ( more ) 84 . marlena ( cont 'd ) ... in a alley behind a whore house in Baltimore wrap in newspaper . no one even bother to leave a note ... this circus , my horse - this be the only kind of life I can have . ( breaking down ) August make a woman like I a star attraction ... I be lucky . and I be safe ... and I be fine - before you come . Jacob feel sorry and hopeful at the same time ... marlena ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing that can cause a woman so much trouble as a good man . jacob I be not that good . and I do not want to be . marlena do not say that . jacob no , I do not . good man do not wind up with much in the end except they goodness . be not worth much , be it ? marlena ( sadly ) see ? ... look what we have do to you already . she touch Jacob 's face gently . until this moment , they do not realize how close they be to each other trace Jacob 's face with she hand , as he lean in closer ... marlena ( cont 'd ) sweet Jacob . jacob you deserve as good a life any other girl . marlena be I still a girl ? I feel so old . they kiss . they stop and silently acknowledge where this be go . as they move towards a secluded spot , they continue to kiss in between line ; 85 . marlena ( cont 'd ) this can only be tonight . we have to go back . promise I you understand . jacob I understand . marlena promise I you will suffer . jacob I already be . marlena promise you will look in my eye the whole time . jacob I promise . Jacob kiss she with he eye lock onto hers ... with marlena 's back press against the entrance , Jacob reach up and lock the door . they sink to the ground . ext . ferry - hudson river - NYC to weehawken - night marlena sit inside Jacob 's embrace on the ferry , she head lean against he chest - they hand entwine . jacob if I have money , if I could take care of you , would we be go back ? marlena you would have to be a rockefeller ... August would find I . he always do . jacob have you try to get away before ? marlena Jacob you promise . you say you understand it be only tonight . jacob I know . I do .... I be sorry . 86 . ext . weehawken ferry port - night Jacob walk marlena out of the port to a wait cab . they stop a few foot from the cab . Jacob give she all the money in he pocket . marlena look at he as if for the last time . marlena where be you when I be 17 ? Jacob smile . they kiss not want to let go . marlena pull away and run into the cab . Jacob watch it drive away . ext . menagerie tent - weehawken , NJ - pre-dawn . Jacob reach the circus . everyone be asleep . int . menagerie tent - continuous - weehawken , NJ - pre dawn . Jacob enter the menagerie , head straight for rosie . he get on the ground beneath she and lie down ... rosie raise she trunk to allow Jacob to lie beneath she . dissolve to : same location - dawn Jacob be asleep under rosie when walter wake he up . walter why be you sleep here ? somebody 's look for you . int . canvas car - weehawken , NJ - pre-dawn . Jacob and walter enter to find Bill and grady hide a ail camel in a dimly light car . Jacob kneel down to he . camel hey kid . how nice to see ya . jacob hey , camel . what 's wrong ? camel I do not know , kid . woke up a few day ago and my foot be all floppy . jes can not feel them right ... 87 . camel ( cont 'd ) ( confidentially ) ... it be not just that though . it 's other stuff too . walter like down there ... man stuff ? camel , he eye wide and fearful , nod slowly . bill what 's wrong with he , doc ? jacob I do not know . walter Jamaica ginger paralysis . Jake leg . I have see it before . camel no such thing . be there Doc ? walter look at camel 's empty " Jake " '' bottle . walter the manufacturer start put this plasticizer in it , or something , to get around regulation that Jamaica ginger extract not be sell as booze . ( to camel ) you be not suppose to drink this stuff , ya know . camel well what the hell be I suppose to drink to stop the shake ? it 's prohibition and I be not no astor . grady it 's ok camel . tomorrow 's payday . we will get you some moonshine . bill grady do not lie to the man . if man be get pay , blackie would not have toss four of " ˜em between boonton and Weehawken . jacob four ?... will he get better ? 88. walter look at he , he expression say no . bill we can not leave he here . they will red light he for sure . Jacob understand . he get a idea and turn to walter . walter understand and react with a adamant : walter no ! no ! ext . circus ground - moment later - weehawken - dawn walter be walk quickly back to the performer train . Jacob follow , try to reason with he . throughout the scene , they be look out for blackie 's man and speak low . jacob walter , please . blackie and he man only patrol the roustabout car . they do not work the performer train . we can hide he easy until - walter ( stop ) until when ? what be we go to do with he ? shoot he like Silver Star ? because that 's what he be Jacob . in a week , he will not be able to move he leg at all . jacob ( thinking fast : ) he have a son in Pennsylvania . near reading . we be play there in three week . that 's all he need . walter do not want to do this , but clearly can not say no . walter I be right about you . you be go blow we all up ... August get home tonight before you and marlena . people be talk . walter stalk off leave Jacob unhinge by the news . walter ( cont 'd ) I should not be a clown . I should be a goddamn fortune teller . 89 . int / ext . cookhouse tent - weehawken , NJ - morning the cookhouse tent be divide into two section by a curtain . one one side : work man and the buffet table of food . it be make up of bench and bare wood table with salt and pepper shaker . the other side of the curtain be fill with performer . the table have a checker tablecloth and flower . marlena be sit alone , drink a cup of coffee . Jacob approach . he sit opposite she . jacob good morning . marlena good morning Jacob , how be you ? marlena smile . Jacob sense other eavesdropp ... but the table be far enough away , so they can not be hear . jacob I want to , uh ... be there any chance I could speak with you alone ? marlena about what ? be something wrong ? jacob no , I ... I just want to ... walter say people be talk about what happen ... last night ... marlena ( laugh ) oh Jacob , champagne completely overwhelm my sense .. I always feel the better for it when I abstain . all I remember be get push by the crowd and then run and get a hole in my stock . I do not even know how I get home . I do not remember a thing . jacob well , I want to apologize for -- 90 . marlena ha , ha Jacob , it 's silly of you to apologize for my tear stocking . you be not even there . Jacob be crush by she reaction . marlena maintain she upbeat facade . August enter with he tray of food and cross to they . he be smile like a man who have spend the night have great sex . August kiss marlena right in front of Jacob . it be a long sensual kiss ... a holdover from they night together . august I sleep like a baby after last night . thank you my darling . marlena August , please . we be in public . Jacob understand he meaning and be quietly devastate . august ( sit ) ah , nothing to be ashamed of . man and wife reunite in the most sacred of marriage place . ( beaming ) my marlena have forgiven I . all 's well with the world again , right Jacob ? ( jacob nods ) that be quite a adventure last night . I be glad I do not have to bail you out . how do you get home ? jacob I do not know . I just run . august ( eating ) how do you two get separate ? you be so close on the dance floor . marlena I tell you , sweetheart . we get push apart by the crowd . this older marry couple bring I to the ferry . august I would like to look they up and invite they to the show free of charge ... ( more ) 91 . august ( cont 'd ) ... I will even pay for they transportation . I would pay it a hundred time over to anyone who help my wife to safety . thank goodness she have chaperone . if anyone have harme she , or even touch she , there 's no know what I might do . Jacob make note of the implication . marlena ignore it . ext . training ring - asbury park , NJ - day while Jacob coaches August from the sideline , the company of performer and workmen watch August command rosie in Polish . jacob ( v.o. ) ... August say he would create a act for marlena and rosie that would have them line up for mile ... August and the company be delighted when rosie lift she foot ... or walk forward , then backward .. jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) his accent be awful but rosie obey without fail . marlena watch , full of excitement and praise for August . he instruct marlena where to stand . he command rosie who lift marlena up with she trunk . everyone cheer and applaud . that near Jacob pat he on the back , grateful that he save the circus . Jacob smile . jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be finally a part of they . pre - lap - cheer and applause , as rosie lift marlena onto her back and we CUT to : int . big top / marlena and rosie be act - asbury , park - night . marlena atop rosie in full costume making there entrance to a packed house as august lead the way to cheer and applause . when they enter the center ring , they stop . August give rosie the command to lift marlena down with she trunk . but rosie hesitates . August command she again , with more force . but rosie do not move forward ... she shuffles a foot backwards . August grip he silver tip cane . oh-oh ... 92 . Jacob and other performer watch anxiously . will rosie fail ? then August turn to the audience and mime apologize to the crowd . when he back be turn , rosie hit he butt with she trunk . August freeze . the crowd laugh uproariously . Jacob and the other realize it 's all part of the act . walter slap he back . Barbara kiss he cheek . August display great performance skill . he turn to rosie act suspicious . rosie lift she head away , as if to say " it be not I " .. August turn back to the crowd to apologize and once again , rosie flick he behind with she trunk . this time August know it she . he turn to she , tip he hat over he brow and shake he finger , scolding , as if to say , " no , no , no " '' rosie respond by wave she trunk , mock he . and the crowd burst into applause . August command rosie , who lift marlena with she trunk and place she on the ground . ext . new egypt , NJ - night poster of rosie and marlena highlight the act coming soon ! blackie and he man be cover up the poster of other circuse and town event . jacob ( v.o. ) August could have give barnum a run for he money . he spend the payroll money on expensive poster promote that act like it be bigger than ringling . and we sell out every performance in every town ... int . big top / marlena and rosie be act - new egypt , NJ - day marlena blow kiss to the audience . she skip theatrically around the ring , with rosie trot behind she , August hover beside . marlena stop and wipe she brow , feign exhaustion , and sit on a small ball . 93. rosie observe she with a smile and a raise trunk . rosie copy marlena 's action , place she enormous rear down on a much larger ball . the crowd scream with laughter . marlena stand in mock outrage , wag she finger at rosie . she turn she back on she , fold she arm . rosie also stand and present marlena with she rear end face the other way . the audience love it . jacob ( v.o. ) in that center ring , rosie become a guarantee star attraction ... int . rosie be car - en route - continuous - night Jacob sit alone face rosie , in she massive stock car make of steel , talk to she , in Polish ... jacob ( v.o. ) alone with I , tell she every thing I could not tell anyone else , she become the close thing I have to family . int . big top / marlena and rosie be act - friendship , NJ - day marlena look back and scowl . with dramatic flair , she raise one foot and place it on the small ball as if to say , " take that , elephant ! " '' rosie , not to be out do ( guide by August 's Polish command ) curl she trunk , lift she foot and place it on she larger ball . marlena straighten out both arm and extend she other leg , like a ballerina 's , toe point . she place the foot alongside the other , so that she be now stand atop the ball . rosie wait a moment , then lift she other front foot onto the ball . the crowd explode ! August pretend to be outrage with marlena . but as shower of coin and money rain upon they , August and marlena stand beneath shower of glitter coin . jacob ( v.o. ) and August ! ha , August be a new man .. 94 . ext . circus ground - elmer , NJ - day the workmen set up the circus with energy and renew spirit . August treat they with pat on the back of gratitude . jacob ( v.o. ) .. treat everybody first class , spread the word he rosie act would finally get the man pay .. int . kinko' room - en route - night Jacob , walter and a camel enjoy a card game and moonshine . jacob ( v.o. ) .. and with business so strong , nobody be worried about get toss , so we do not have to worry so much about old camel . int . menagerie tent - friendship , NJ - day August be fill a bucket with gin and ginger ale for rosie . jacob ( v.o. ) . and nothing be too good for rosie . when August find out she like gin and ginger ale , he make sure she get both every day , treat she like some favorite child ... int . big top / marlena and rosie be act - salem , NJ - day marlena do a double take , then lift up she finger as if to say " I have a idea ! " .. with a rise drum roll , she shuffles she foot atop the ball , move herself around the ring ... rosie place all four of she foot onto the larger ball and roll herself around the ring ... marlena and rosie go faster and faster , along with the music ... the crowd goe wild .... August take marlena 's hand and kiss it as they take they bow . jacob ( v.o. ) but I do not trust the new August . I keep wait for the real one to show up . 95 . ext . rosie be car - salem , NJ - morning out of the darkness of the car , rosie appear in the light , be guide down the ramp by August , who gently pet she trunk , whisper in she ear . her ear flap , she purr with affection . Jacob watch . jacob ( v.o. ) it be when I see rosie purring under he touch as if nothing have happen between they , that the worst think occur to I . int . marlena and august stateroom - en route - night marlena and Jacob be laugh , listen to August tell a story after a private dinner . Jacob glance at marlena ... jacob ( v.o. ) maybe , I be the man not to be trust . marlena move to August 's lap . they kiss ... Jacob watch jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) marlena look happy ... and it break my heart . pre - lap august : august ( v.o. ) the circus be nothing without it 's tradition .. int . menagerie tent - salem , NJ - day August have gather all the performer and trainer in a circle . Jacob stand in the center . marlena beside August . august .. it 's a family . and like any family , when a new member be bear , it 's arrival must be greet with celebration and gratitude . now , we have be a little busy with sell out performance , thank the god .. ( everyone cheer ) ( more ) 96 . august ( cont 'd ) .. but right now I want to take this moment before today 's show to gather together .. we close we eye .. everyone close they eye . august ( cont 'd ) .. and we thank whoever 's up there that send desperate man run for the rail .. everyone laugh . august ( cont 'd ) .. because it be a lucky day when Jacob jankowski jump we train . because of he - together with we beautiful rosie and my beloved marlena - we have the great star attraction in benzini brother 's history . he find a way to save we all . and so , to officially welcome Jacob into the family , we open we eye .. everyone open they eye . august ( cont 'd ) .. and we give he the traditional benzini Brothers baptism . suddenly , every clown pull out a selzter bottle and douse jacob .. barbara and all the girl throw half a dozen pie into he face and body . other throw confetti , streamer ... Jacob be a mess , cover in pie , seltzer and confetti . the company break up with laughter , applaud and cheer ... walter and Barbara bring Jacob towel , embrace and kissing he . the rest of the company follow suit . August motion for marlena , who retrieve a large mens clothing box and carry it to Jacob as August watch from a distance ... the crowd part as marlena hand he the box . August watch Jacob open the box to find he own tuxedo . august ( cont 'd ) now you do not have to borrow mine . everyone applaud , hugging and kissing Jacob : jacob thank you , August . 97 . august it 's from both of we . Jacob look to marlena . it be awkward between they . they can not kiss each other . Jacob nod and say courteously ; jacob thank you , marlena . marlena you be welcome , Jacob . as marlena exit with the other , we discover August watch from they a distance ; August 's expression tell we he know what they be hide . ext . big top - salem , NJ - day . marlena and rosie exit the Big top . we hear tumultuous applause come from inside . Jacob await they , as usual . Jacob command rosie , who lift marlena off he back and place she carefully on the ground . Jacob pet and command rosie to follow he , but stop when : marlena I wonder if you could help I . jacob sure . marlena ( professional tone ) I have plan a surprise for August . he 's be so wonderful , do not you think ? ( jacob nods ) could you make sure rosie be stake in my tent after the show ? jacob no problem . marlena thank you so much ... oh , and I be sure it would be nice for August if you be there too . marlena turn and exit o.s. Jacob be not sure what to think . 98 . int . marlena' dressing tent - salem , NJ - night rosie be stake into the grass inside marlena 's tent , happily occupy with a pile of watermelon . marlena wear a silk bead dress with the diamond necklace . there be a serve table with silver dome platter and wine bottle . marlena be try to open a champagne bottle when Jacob enter . marlena oh , he will be here any second . Jacob , can you open this for I ? Jacob take the champagne bottle and manipulate the cork . rosie 's trunk be curious , inspect the bottle in Jacob 's hand . Jacob laugh . marlena see and laugh as well . jacob rosie ... get away ....ssstop !! rosie continue fool around , cause marlena and Jacob to laugh even harder when the cork pop ... august ( o.s. ) what be this ? Jacob and marlena turn to see August enter , lay down he hat and coat , he shirt unbuttone at the top . marlena / jacob oh !.... surprise !.. surprise ! Jacob pour the champagne into two flute , which marlena rush up to August , hand he a glass and kissing he . august do you show Jacob the open night present I give you ? marlena turn to Jacob and indicate the diamond necklace . marlena ( indicate the necklace ) oh. no ... do you see Jacob ? jacob beautiful . august it look stun on you . 99 . they kiss again . marlena raise she glass of champagne . marlena to August - a authentic miracle man because he make a star attraction out of I . jacob to August ! August nod in gratitude . they tilt they glass and drink . august many thanks . forgive I for arrive too soon and spoil the surprise . August take out a cigarette and light it . marlena do not be silly . I could not wait for you to come . august I could go back out to give you more time ... or better yet , yell raid and clear the place out so you two can be alone . in a split second , Jacob and marlena know the danger present . August give no sign of it come . marlena what ? august I be sorry . I be probably wrong . I assume that night after the raid be the first time you two fuck , but obviously it 's be go on longer than that . marlena auggie , you be be silly . august do you think I do not know ? marlena August do not do this ! august shut-up . shut up ! 100 . marlena get frighten . August saunter over to the silver tip cane lean against the flap . he pick it up as marlena and Jacob remain still . suddenly they hear : rosie pee where she be stake . she too be frighten . august ( cont 'd ) how long do you think you could keep this from I ? marlena August , please , there 's nothing - august go on ! interrupt I one more time ! August swipe the table with the cane , knock all the platter and glass to the floor . jacob we should go ! august we !... so you two be a couple ? jacob no ! I just do not think you be safe to be around a woman right now . august a woman ? this be not a woman . this be my wife you ivy League lie piece of shit ! say , I bet the authority would like to know you practise without a license . marlena auggie , please ... do not you see how much I love you ? august I see you . I see you too clearly . always have . I have to admit that be a nice touch when you get back from the speakeasy . be with I in we bed , after be with he . cover you track . I should have know a whore only perform for a man like that when she want something . jacob marlena , come with I ... 101 . august you don't even deny it ! lousy tramp !! marlena drop the flute glass , cry : marlena stop it !.. auggie stop it.. please ! suddenly , he 's quiet . he stand still . marlena approach he now , cautiously but tenderly . marlena ( cont 'd ) auggie ? be you all right now ?... August look at she . marlena 's expression be one of care and concern . Jacob watch carefully . have it pass ? suddenly , August flick he light cigarette into rosie 's open mouth - rosie react and Jacob move to help she - as August grab marlena , shove she so hard she fall against the table , knock it and she to the ground . he attack she , try to rip off she diamond necklace . Jacob attack August , pull he off of marlena . jacob and august fight : savagely pound each other 's face , crash against break plate and spill gravy , bang they head viciously against the ground , roll over each other as they alternately share domination ... marlena scream for they to stop . rosie bellow , pull on she leg chain . the fight spill out of the tent into the circus ground . ext . marlena' dressing tent - continuous - salem , NJ - night Jacob and August continue beat each other as they roll out into the crowd . August 's madness empower he . he manage to overpower Jacob in a choke hold . Jacob be lose consciousness . because of marlena 's scream - Earl and he man run to the tent . within second , they be pull August off of Jacob . August get to he foot . his cool expression be even more frightening as he re-enter marlena 's tent . jacob let I go !! he'll kill her !!! 102 . from inside the tent , they hear a crash . marlena scream . jacob ( cont 'd ) he's hurting her !! let I go ! earl no he will not , kid . come on . Earl disperse the crowd that have gather , which include walter , who see Jacob 's bloody face and go to he . from inside the tent , they hear : two soft thud .. then a louder one ... then a unnerve silence . earl ( cont 'd ) see , it 's over . can we let you go ? Jacob pants and nod . Earl and one of he man let Jacob go in degree , until he be stand up . walter hold he waist . walter come on Jacob . walk away . with walter 's help , he tear he eye from the billow flap and walk away , pass rube who watch with fascination . int . kinko' room - salem , NJ - later that night walter uncork a jug of moonshine and hand it to Jacob , who hold a towel to he bloody , beat face . Jacob drink from the jug , panting , until the pain subside . camel speak from behind the trunk . walter the only thing that 's keep you alive right now be the rube who see everything . August can not risk get rid of you here . but you better not get back on this train when we leave tomorrow night . camel ( o.s. ) what happen ? somebody turn I around . share some of that jug ! walter shut -up camel . camel ( o.s. ) well , what the hell ...! 103 . camel use whatever strength he have to push aside the trunk and see bloody Jacob . camel ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ! who do that to you ? walter August . ( to jacob ) be it true ? Jacob want to deny it but he silence speak the truth . he can only manage to shake he head no ... but walter can read between the line .... he lower he head in despair . the train start to move . all three react with surprise . jacob why be we move ? we have a matinee tomorrow . walter something 's go wrong . suddenly , a knock on the door . the three man immediately be on alert . walter grab he knife from beneath he pillow . camel try to shove himself behind the trunk . the knock come again as we hear : marlena ( v.o. ) Jacob ? Jacob , it 's marlena . they breath a sigh . Jacob open the door to reveal . marlena with a black eye . Jacob rise to she . marlena ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I have nowhere to go . I tell he I be leave he . jacob my God . be you all right ? marlena look worse than it feel . ( re : Jacob 's face , laugh ) ha , look at the two of we . marlena awkwardly enter the room to walter and camel 's stare . she see the moonshine and break the ice . marlena ( cont 'd ) can I have a swig of that ? 104 . walter throw she the moonshine . marlena drink like a pro . walter why be the train move ? marlena sit with the jug , casually talk : marlena we be be run out . apparently , August be so optimistic about money come in for rosie , he figure he would double down and find himself a new fat lady to put he really toe to toe with ringling ... so he send Mr. erwin into town who find this rather large woman in a restaurant and offer she the job . except , she ... ( start laughing ) ... she be the police chief 's wife . Mr. erwin get a leave hook in the jaw and we get till morning to get out of town . this crack everybody up . laughter . a release of tension . but the laughter turn to quiet sadness as the reality of they situation sink in .... marlena look to Jacob and lean into he arm . he hold she , clearly in love , then usher she out of the room for privacy . walter see what he know all along . he kiss queenie : walter aw girl . we be all in it now . int . ring stock car - en route - continuous - night marlena and Jacob exit walter 's room outside of which marlena place she small suitcase . they pass by marlena 's horse .. marlena why be you hide that roustabout ? jacob because blackie and he man do not work the performer train and they will red-light he if they find he . he can not work anymore . marlena my god. 105 . they come upon Silver Star 's stall - empty - right before the door to the next car . they stop . jacob do August know where you be ? marlena no . he think I be with Barbara and the girl . he will not go there . jacob he can not find you . as soon as we stop - before we stop - we will jump off and I will take you to a hotel in town . marlena and after that ? August have all we money . where will I go ? jacob marlena , I be not leave you . we will find a way together . I will not let you go back to he . I promise . marlena smile , need to hear he say that word . she embrace he , grateful . Jacob hold she tight , assure ; jacob ( cont 'd ) .. I will call my dean at Cornell .. if I can take my final again , get my degree , I can get my license . they lay in the Silver Star 's empty stall . moonlit through the wooden slat . make plan ... marlena oh Jacob , that would be wonderful . you know , I bet ringling would take we both then - they would be get a vet and a star attraction - that 's a sweet deal for they . although I will not be a star but I do not care . I will take no billing at all ... we would be safe from August if we be with ringling . jacob do not worry about he . marlena of course , I would have to wait a while until I can work again ... 106 . jacob what do you mean ? marlena Jacob ... I be go to have a baby . Jacob be stunne ... then confuse ... marlena ( cont 'd ) it 's yours . please do not ask I how I know ... be it all right ? you can change you mind . I would understand . overwhelm , Jacob keep kissing she . marlena let go of all the anxiety she have about he . he love she . she know it . jacob Change my mind ??? oh marlena , please ... please be happy . marlena ( cries , relieved ) I will ... I promise ... as soon as I stop be terrify . Jacob kiss she . he guide she to the ground , against the hay . she nestle in he arm . marlena ( cont 'd ) I be so tired . jacob Rest ... I have get you now . marlena try , close she eye ..... then , without warning ; from the roof , august , blackie &amp ; he men jump in through the OPEN stock car door . they charge into the room causing the horse to panic . the thug drag jacob away from marlena , beat he . august forcibly take marlena , hitting her ... marlena jacob don't hurt he !!! august no !! marlena ! marlena !... as blackie and he men drag jacob past walter' makeshift door , jacob fight even harder to pull they away from breaking into walter and camel' room . fast CUT to : 107 . int . kinko' room - continuous - bronx kinko sit against the door , hold a tremble queenie hearing the scream and struggle . camel quiver in fear behind the trunk . fast CUT back : int . ring stock car - continuous - night august be dragging a scream marlena through the door to the platform - taking her through the train back to he car . blackie beat jacob who cry out for marlena' safety , holding onto the OPEN car door . the men bang he hand with there fist until jacob lose he grip and black toss he off the fast moving train . ext . train track - gravel / ground - night jacob roll down the gravel . blackie and he men jump off the train and run toward he . just as jacob get to he feet , the men reach he - and begin to beat he . with a single blow to the back of he head , jacob be thrown into blackness . ext . wood / stream - allentown , PA - later that night a heavy rain pour . a bloody , batter Jacob be semi- conscious face down in a stream in the wood . Jacob , he eye almost swollen shut , wake out of unconsciousness . he look up through blurred vision . through the tree , he can see a distant flickering red light . he stand . his knee buckle and he crawl out to the ground . he stand again . and he walk out of the wood towards the flicker light . he stumble and fall . he rise and fumble forward ... use all he strength to get himself out of the wood . ext . clearing to train track - continuous - night Jacob struggle out of the wood to a clear . squint through the rain with swollen eye , he see : 108 . the flickering red light be a signal light on a train track . he walk , with leg barely able to move . he climb up the gravel to the train track and begin to walk ... ext . train track - pre dawn Jacob be walk on the train track in the direction of marlena 's train . he have walk all night and into the day . ext . train track - a pennsylvania town - day Jacob - beat , bloody , exhaust - look up ahead : the benzini bros . train and the big top tent already set up . ext . circus ground - a pennsylvania town - day it 's pre-matinee . all the tent have be set up . the rube be fill the grounds . the midway be pack with people . ext . train - behind the circus ground - continuous - day nell be sit by a open window fan herself from the heat when she see : Jacob wander behind the back of the train where no one can see he .... nell watch as Jacob try to reach the train , then fall unconscious . nell quickly bring Barbara to the window . Barbara see Jacob and immediately take charge . camera track Barbara and the girl through the window , as they walk through the car ... Barbara be organize a plan with the girl . ext . circus ground - continuous - day nell and two coochie Girls hold they robe close as they walk among the crowd . the coochie girl head for blackie and he security man ... they talk to they to distract they . we see nell approach walter in full clown make - up do trick with queenie for the crowd . nell whisper to walter . his expression tell we what we know . 109 . ext . train - behind the circus ground - day Barbara and the tattooe man sneak to the fall Jacob with a blanket . they turn he over , shocked by he condition . Jacob 's eye open - he 's delirious . barbara poor kid ... help I with he .. jacob ( delirious to tattoo man ) do not you work the matinee ? tattooed man not today . I be fade . I gotta be - ink . barbara do not talk . Jacob nod . they cover he , pick he up and carry he off . int . kinko' room - train en route - night Jacob open he eye . walter be apply wet cloth to he head . camel watch nearby . Jacob suddenly rise ; jacob marlena !! walter sshh . lie back . jacob where be she ? do he hurt she ? walter I do not know . you pupil be two different size . Jacob push himself up onto he elbow but he world spin . jacob I have to get marlena . what if he -- walter Jacob , look at I . you have get a concussion and you be on a move train . there 's nothing you can do . marlena can handle he . she 's do it for year ... 110 . jacob I have to get she . walter Jacob , you can not . jacob she 's go to have a baby . walter be stop . camel shake he head . walter do August know ? ( Jacob shake he head ) what have you do to we ? jacob we be go to ringling . I , marlena . you can too . walter I be a fifth rate clown when second rate circuse be fold all over the place . do not put I on top of ringling 's list . they have get a dozen of I in the wing . I could not even go if I want to . August will not pay anyone . say the show 's debt have to come first . first time in benzini bros history performer have not be pay . people be starve out there , Jacob . in the United States of America . starve . where be I go to go ? camel what about family ? like my son . gotta have somebody ... a mother . walter not a woman I have any use for . she 's sell I to this outfit when I be 13 . camel she sell you ? walter I be not exactly cut out for farm work . do not worry about I .. ( more ) 111 . walter ( cont 'd ) .. if you and marlena go , if August do not kill you first - I will know what to do ... I will tell August how well I get to know you and how I can help he find you . might even get myself a better room out of the bargain ... it will not be anything personal , you understand . beat . each want the other to survive at any cost . jacob do whatever you have to , walter . walter you too , Jacob . they exchange a final look , which be a goodbye . walter turn away from Jacob , hold queenie to he chest . camel look compassionately at Jacob and say : camel ya poor kid . the night this train pass ya ... you shoulda keep on run , I guess . int . kinko' room - en route - later that night camel and walter be snore , asleep with they back to Jacob . queenie be asleep , nestle in walter 's arm . Jacob struggle to raise himself up . his world spin . he hold tight to the bedroll , until the spin subside . Jacob be a man with a mission . his eye focus on : walter 's knife , stick out from beneath walter 's pillow . ext . roof of train - en route - night the train be move fast . the rain have return . Jacob be make he way towards the back of the train , as it move forward . he hold the knife in he mouth ... move like a tightrope walker over the wet train roof , as rain pour . when he reach the car 's end , he take a deep breath . with all he strength , he leap across the divide between the car and land , cling to the top rail , panting like a dog . 112 . he remove the knife from he mouth , have cut he lip . he lick the blood back and replace the knife , this time keep he lip retract . jacob make he way across six car ... leaping from car to car by landing on the roof , getting to he knee then to he feet and moving on to the next ... ext . atop marlena and august' stateroom car - night Jacob leap to the roof of marlena and August 's car . at this moment , the train be make a curve . Jacob climb down over the side ladder . Beyond he , we see : the train be traversing over a trestle , forty yard above the boulder of a riverbank illuminated by moonlight . Jacob jump to the platform . he can see the rocky water far below the trestle . he catch he breath and wait , as the train straighten out onto land again . Jacob turn the knob of the door to the stateroom , slowly , hearing a click , pause , then open it . int . marlena and august stateroom - continuous - night Jacob enter the stateroom , leave the door open . he creep towards the velvet curtain which be close . he grip the knife . when he reach it , he pull the edge and peek inside . August be asleep on he side , he arm lock around marlena , who be awake face the curtain . Jacob and marlena 's eye meet . she see the knife in he hand August suddenly move , pull marlena closer to he chest , bury he face in she neck . Jacob step forward , raise the knife . his hand tremble . the moonlight glint off the blade , throw off light . marlena be look up at he , tear in she eye . she subtly shake she head " no " ... she do not want he to do this . Jacob 's hand be shaking now . the knife grip in he hand . he want to rescue she , he 's so close . we hold the moment ... marlena 's expression convince Jacob not to do it ... not to cross that line and kill August . 113. defeat , Jacob kneel beside she and hang he head . marlena reach out to touch he ... this time she really be say goodbye . but Jacob can not bear it . he look at she for the last time , then rise and exit . int . ring stock car - en route - later that night Jacob return to the ring stock car , hopping down from the roof . the horse be stir , agitate . he calm they ... and then Jacob see : the door to walter 's room be open . he approach ; jacob walter ? camel ? int . kinko' room / ring stock car - continuous - night Jacob enter to find the room in a shamble . a terrible realization come over he : walter and camel be go . they have be red-light . jacob walter ! camel !! he find queenie , shaking with fear curl in a ball . he take she in he arm . Jacob panic . jacob ( cont 'd ) no..no..no..no ....!!!! with queenie , he rush back into the ring stock car ... he check everywhere call out they name . he stop at the open stock car door . the rain continue to fall . Jacob collapse , hold queenie to he chest . tear fill he eye as he try to hold it together , look out the move train , he worst nightmare realize . Pov ; in the distance , the trestle the train passed over jacob ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I want to believe take walter 's knife do not make a difference . but still . I leave he without a fight chance . maybe they survive . maybe they be toss over grassy land ... I could not let myself believe what I already know . Jacob fall apart , cry without shame . 114 . ext . circus ground - altoona , PA - late morning a sunny day . the circus be completely set up . townsfolk , rube , be already buy ticket for the matinee . jacob ( v.o. ) I wait almost till matinee time so I could let myself be see by as many people from town . ext . ring stock car - continuous - altoona , PA - late morning Jacob open the ring stock car and jump out , hold queenie . he have not sleep all night . as he walk through the circus grounds , work man like greg and performer like Barbara be shocked to see he alive . with a fool 's courage , he brazenly walk past blackie and he man , cut a path through performer and work man , right up to August , who stand with Earl at he side . he be dress and ready for the matinee 's performance . Jacob stop and they exchange look . August glance at queenie in Jacob 's arm . he say nothing . jacob I be not here to cause any trouble . I be leave . august funny , I think you already leave . jacob I would like to say goodbye . to the menagerie . just a few minute and then I will go . August 's eye narrow . Earl wait for the outcome . jacob ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing more you can do to I . killing I will be more trouble than it 's worth , now that the rube have see I . you be right about I from the start August , when you say I would not last ... I can not survive here ... ( then ) I be nothing . 115 . August feel victorious and therefore benevolent . august Earl , take he to the menagerie . thirty second . then escort he out of my circus , into Altoona . and if he come back , you can shoot he , as that be within we lawful rights with regards to trespasper . August walk away . Earl escort Jacob to the menagerie . on the way , they pass Barbara . Jacob pause to hand queenie to she . she have tear in she eye . Jacob continue with Earl . int . menagerie tent - moment later - altoona , PA - day Jacob enter alone . he take in all the animal who look back at he . he cross to rosie and stand before she . her trunk greet he , stroking he . he press he head against she . rosie comfort he . it make Jacob fall apart all the more ... after a few moment , Jacob turn and walk away . he stop in the center of the menagerie . he look at each animal in they de - in the same way as when he first meet they - this time say goodbye . each animal be at the front of it 's de or cage , look at Jacob . there be a silent exchange between they . Earl enter . earl come on kid . when Jacob start to exit again , something happen : all the animal begin banging against there cage and shaking there bar or stomping there feet , screeching or roaring or bellowing , as if in protest of there jacob' departure . the lock on rex 's cage bust a little as he ram against it . ext . sideshow tent / midway - altoona , PA - day as Earl escort Jacob , they walk against the tide of audience member walk to the Big top entrance . Earl speak low . earl it 's good you be go . they must have know you get back on the train last night . he toss more than half a dozen work man . ( more ) 116 . earl ( cont 'd ) kinker never get toss . never . so that be mean for you . we hear the gounod waltz start in the Big top . earl ( cont 'd ) a few of the guy that get toss catch up with we again . jacob walter ! be he ---? instantly , Earl 's expression tell Jacob it 's bad news . Jacob 's breathe almost stop as he listen ; earl keep walk ... they get toss off the trestle , if you can believe it . camel 's head hit the rock . he die right away ... Jacob be heartbroken and dread what he 's about to hear . Earl pause for a beat ... this part be harder to tell : earl ( cont 'd ) ... walter ... walter 's leg be smashed up real bad .. they have to leave he . ( beat ) they do not reckon he last the night . Jacob be in shock . he can barely walk on ... earl ( cont 'd ) the one that come back ... Bill ... grady .. I do not know how but , one way or another they be take down August tonight . hear this , Jacob stop to face Earl . jacob why be you tell I ? Earl can not find the word : it 's clear the kill of this man do not sit well with he . suddenly , we hear the big top music come to a crashing halt , followed by a ungodly collision of brass that finishes with a cymbal' hollow clang . Earl shift he focus - he 's alarmed . 117 . jacob ( cont 'd ) Earl , what be that ? all the performer and work man on the midway be on alert . we hear the big top band start playing again ... this time it be " star and stripe forever " .. earl oh Christ ! oh shit ... Earl run back towards the Big top . jacob what be it ? earl the disaster March ! everyone with the show barrel towards the Big top when greg appear amongst they and call to Jacob : greg jacob ! it's the menagerie !! the animal be loose . jacob run through the panicked crowd , the ground rumbling beneath he feet ... the sound of hoove on hard dirt . int . menagerie tent - continuous - night Jacob shoot through the tent flap and be immediately flung up against the sidewall as : the yak thunder past he , he horn inches from jacob , the hyena on he back . Jacob look to the menagerie and face ; a full fledge stampede : - all the animal dens be OPEN . - creature of every sort ... chimp , orangutan , llama , zebra , lion , giraffe , camel and horse ... run in a mad terror as they screech , scream , swing , whiny and roar ... - monkey be swinging on rope , slithering up pole - the CENTER concession stand be crushed under foot . - a towering polar bear slashes with he skillet - size paw , making contact with the llama , knocking it flat . 118. Jacob be scan the tent for marlena when : - the orangutan run through the stampede directly to jacob and clutch onto jacob be leg . jacob move to pick her up when bobo swing from a rope and jump onto jacob' back . Jacob manage to hold bobo in one arm and the orangutan in the other as he eye sweep the tent , search for marlena : then Jacob see - the panther make it's way through the connected walkway to the big top audience . - second later , audience scream of terror be heard . the crowd explode through the big top , trampling over fellow audience member ... they charge into the menagerie only to face the stampede .. - the Mass of animal change direction and there be a inter - species flock ; lions , llama and zebras running side by side with the chimp and orangutans..a hyena shoulder to shoulder with a TIGER ... twelve horse and a giraffe with a spider monkey on it's neck ... the polar bear now on all four , charging ... all of they heading for the crowd of people ... - the crowd shift , rioting back into the big top . clogging the entrance ... people banging on the back of that in front of they .. - the clog burst . people and animal flee in every direction ... - a bengal TIGER force itself between a woman' legs , sweeping her to the ground ... search and dodging animal , Jacob see a flash of pink sequin . he see August with marlena stand beside he , in front of rosie . jacob marlena ! marlena see Jacob and make a run for he , but August quickly grab she arm and fling she to the ground . she fall out of view from Jacob . Jacob run to they , dodging the flee animal , when suddenly : a bull hook fly from out of the AIR across the animal and pierce jacob' shoulder . he cry out . rosie cry out . she begin to stamp she foot . marlena lie with she face in the dirt , crawl beneath the rope to get under rosie for safety . 119 . August pull Jacob with a new bull hook , toss he the ground . August glare at he , he eye full of rage ; august you ! you did this !! he attack but Jacob dodge the next blow , grab onto the bull hook and twist it with such strength , it topple August who refuse to let it go ... jacob and august fight savagely , amidst the stampede . like mad fight with the intention to kill . Jacob unleash a rage and a strength we have yet to see in he , as he beat August without mercy ... but August manage to overpower Jacob , unleash he own maniacal fury . by take advantage of the bull hook wound , August get Jacob into a death grip around he neck . marlena scream out , unable to help as animal stampede around the two man lock in combat . only rosie , who tower above they , know what to do . Jacob , choke under August 's grip , look up at rosie . she raise she trunk to smile at he . Jacob look down and see that rosie' stake have be pulled out of the ground . Jacob fight August to breathe as rosie reveal she be hold the stake loosely , rest it 's end on the dirt . the chain still attach to she foot . Jacob flip himself which force August to turn he back on rosie in order to keep he grip on Jacob . marlena cover she head in she arm , not want to see . Jacob can not breathe .. August be squeezing the life from he as : rosie lift the stake as if it weigh nothing and bring it down onto August , split he head in one clean move . she continue to hold the stake until August topple forward , dead , he skull open like a hardboil egg .. released of August , Jacob roll himself under the rope just before : a herd of zebras run past , crushing august beneath they . 120 . rosie then slide the stake back to the ground . marlena , head hide under she arm , see nothing . the menagerie be clear of the stampede animal . marlena lift she head up from beneath she arm , remain under rosie . she see August lifeless body . she look to Jacob . he rise , bloody and beat , but alive . wide angle : the empty menagerie except for : Jacob stand , marlena under rosie and the two monkey inspect August 's dead body . ext . restaurant - altoona , PA - day the polar bear be walk calmly down main street . jacob ( v.o. ) it take day to round they up . some we never do get back . int . house - child be room - altoona , PA - day two Children be delighted that a giraffe be eat from they second story window . int . restaurant - altoona , PA - day camera discover a dishwasher and rex the lion , both quivering , huddle opposite each under beneath a sink . jacob ( v.o. ) I do not know who be more scared - the rube or the animal . ext . nesci bros . train - circus ground - altoona , PA - day the nesci bros . circus train be pull up alongside the " ghost town " '' of the benzini bros - the ruin of the circus be highlight by strong wind blow up dust and dirt . jacob ( v.o. ) when the nesci bros . Circus show , we be officially belly up . a man scream after unrol a canvas and make a discovery inside . a crowd form . when Jacob reach it , he see : blackie , dead , with a makeshift garrotte around he neck . 121. int . menagerie tent - altoona , PA - day dick nesci and the sheriff fight with Jacob over rosie ... sheriff ... this animal be now the property of Altoona and we be here to sell they to Mr. nesci . jacob not all of they ! some of this animal be mine , like this bull . dick nesci do you have any proof ? Jacob be stall . greg appear . greg he 's right . he 's just a elephant tramp . the bull be he . jacob you do not want she anyway . she can not do anything . Dumb as a box of peanut shell . skeptical , Dick nesci step up to rosie . dick nesci what 's she name ? jacob gertrude . Jacob and rosie exchange eye contact . nesci be skeptical . dick nesci gertrude ! gertrude , step up ! up ! rosie blow and swing she trunk , throw dirt across the people around she . Dick nesci take the bull hook and prod under she leg , order she up ! rosie just swing she ear and sniff Dick nesci with she trunk . then check he pocket for treat . Jacob exchange a look with rosie . 122. ext . circus ground - altoona , PA - later - day . Jacob be walk rosie , hold the orangutan , with bobo atop rosie . through the wind and dust , they look for marlena . from out of a wall of wind blown dust appear marlena and six of her black and white horse . marlena look spend - shocked , relieved , tearful , hopeful . she reach Jacob . marlena what happen now ? jacob I wish I know . marlena exhaust , ease into Jacob 's arm . it 's over . wide angle : Jacob and marlena and they animal , as the giant tent of the benzini bros . Big top fall to the ground . int . charlie' trailer - present day - night Jacob be finish he story . Charlie be enthralled . the first bottle of scotch be go . the second half full . jacob I convinced my dean to let I take my final . marlena be right . with my degree , we animal and marlena 's act , ringling get a sweet deal . we son be bear we first season . we name he walter . he spend the first seven year of he life with ringling . ( beat ) that 's why I ... I just can not understand how he forget to show up today . ( his eye glitter childlike ) there be a circus in town . Charlie understand . he look affectionately at Jacob . jacob ( cont 'd ) by the time we third son come , we would have enough . rosie be tired . ( Charlie smile . ) luckily , the vet at the albany Zoo drop dead , so I get the job . ( more ) 123. jacob ( cont 'd ) we buy some property so we could keep the horse ... rosie ... then five kid ... bobo and that orangutan ... never name that orangutan . nothing ever sound .. elegant enough for she . just call she ma'am . ( smile with great joy ) man oh man that be ... that be a life , boy , I will tell ya ... Charlie smile , appreciate this old man 's big life . jacob ( cont 'd ) and then before you know it , the kid be borrow the car and move out . marlena and I on we own again ... until she pass . this moment cause Jacob to pause . he still love she . jacob ( cont 'd ) I never tell marlena it be rosie who get August . I do not want she to know . when rosie pass on , she cry for day . I owe that bull my whole life ... my kid , everything .. a knock . Charlie peek through the window and see a cop : charlie it 's the heat . jacob they be here for I . Charlie and Jacob exchange a look . Charlie understand . int / ext . trailer door - moment later - night Charlie open the door to greet a local cop . charlie hi Officer , can I help you ? cop yes , I be hope you can . a elderly gentleman go miss from the nursing home down the street . staff seem to think he come here . 124 . charlie we have a lot of folk from the home today . but no , I have not see he . the cop peer past Charlie and see Jacob . cop Excuse I , but who be that ? charlie ( pause , then ) oh .... that 's my dad . the cop be suspicious . Charlie cover : charlie ( cont 'd ) he can not talk . have a major stroke a few year back . but he 's do well . ai not ya pop ? understand the ruse , Jacob start to play the part of a stroke victim : he open he mouth , he jaw quiver . he reach for he glass with a shaking arm . Charlie help he . Jacob hold out he tongue like a parrot 's as Charlie help he drink . the cop watch with a blank expression . Jacob swallow and nod speechless , smile and manage to drool . beat . the cop wonder . then , pull out he card : cop ok , well , thanks for you time . here 's my number in case you hear of anything . sorry to bother you . the cop exit . Charlie return to sit opposite Jacob . they consider this unspoken proposal : jacob you sure about this ? beat as Charlie pour another shot . then : charlie I wonder if we can get you into the book of record . " oldest man who ever run away with the circus " .. jacob Nah , I be not run away . just come home . 125 . int . menagerie tent - present day - night Old Jacob use he walker to enter the menagerie . he move to each animal meeting he eye with theirs . each animal give he a look of acknowledgment . he come to a orangutan ... young than the one from he benzini day . Jacob stop . he steady himself . Jacob let go of the walker and reach he arm out to the orangutan 's cage . the orangutan study he for a moment . judge . Jacob keep he arm extend , which be not easy for he . the orangutan then extend he hand through the bar to Jacob 's hand . Jacob 's finger entwine around the orangutan 's hand . they hold for a moment . Jacob smile . jacob thank you , ma'am . the end