wave by trey edward shult over black , ' lock raven 's by Animal collective begin ... fade up : ext . STREET - late afternoon Music slowly build as we pass over pavement in extreme slow motion .... .+.. the camera tilt up to find the back of bicycle tire and two foot pedale ... .+. we lift higher to discover a girl ( 16 ) riding the bike . the girl 's hair blow through the wind ... .+. the girl slowly take she hand off the handle bar ... she stretch she arm out to she side and lift they into the air ... she open she hand to let the wind rush between she finger tip ... she look free , like she be fly .... «+ . the camera tilt up , past the girl , and stare directly into the sun . the light be blind and it give way to a splash of beautiful color that be alive and bright as they flow in and out of each other ... we see green , blue , yellow , orange , etc ... .+. we continue to take in the music as the color begin to merge and morph ... different image begin to take shape ... ' floridada 's by Animal collective slam on . the beat grow with a rush of image ... they range from the macro to the micro ; wave , tree , stop sign , cat , everglade , hand , shell , ghettos , sand , cow , seagull , gator , mailbox , fish , golf course ... the first verse hit and the image continue to shoot by ; street light , car , lake , suburb , scale , plant , manatee , eye , mall , shopping center , lizard , skyscraper , grass , beach , cloud , rain , trailer park , dog , house , duck , a variety of people that range in class , size , gender , and race ..... the pre - chorus hit and we continue to experience this overwhelming , yet beautiful , chaotic collage of life , energy , and movement . a coke up bum-rush of image through the melting pot of South Florida ... the image continue until they be all collide and super impose over each other ... the chorus hit : animal collective ( in song ) flori , flori , flori , flori , Florida floridada , floridada ... CUT to : ext . seven mile bridge - mid day the camera be sky high as it shoot through the air in a aerial shot overlook a long bridge full of car ... soon , we narrow in on a green Toyota Tacoma . the camera push in until it nearly hit the back of the truck . int . toyota tacoma - continuous the ' wipe out 's sample hit and then the bridge of the song come _in as the camera spin around to find alexis ( 18 ) and tyler ( 18 , black ) . the camera continue to spin in a dizzying 360 that can barely contain they love . Tyler drive with the music cranke as he and alexis be essentially do a karaoke duet at the top of they lung : tyler where 's the bridge that 's gonna take I home ? !! alexis a bridge that someoneas fighting over ! ! tyler a bridge that someoneas paying for !!! alexis and tyler a bridge so old so let it go !!!! the bridge continue . they sing , yell , and smile as Tyler shake the steering wheel and alexis dance in she seat . they energy feel like a ball of fire and it 's beautiful ... the chorus come back and the camera pan away to look out at the road ahead . a ringing SOUND have be seeping in , it begin to overpower the music ... int . wrestling gym - day the ringing school bell cut out . a mix of the original and the live version of ' be above it 's by tame impala seep in as a wrestle gym come into focus . Tyler jog into the gym , drench in sweat , with teammate follow behind ... Tyler begin jogging in circle , warming up , and the camera follow he in a 360 as he pump himself up ... the beat come _in and the camera change to spin around Tyler in a 360 as he wrestle with a teammate . Tyler get he teammate in a fireman 's takedown and slam he to the mat . now , Tyler and he teammate be climb rope in the wrestle gym . sometimes with weight strapped around they torso and sometimes without use they leg ... soon , the whole team be in extreme pain as they do plate work out . coach wise yell : coach wise come on , haye ! push it !... let I tell ya something , the pain of lose be worse than any pain you be feel right now ! okay ? let I tell ya - shit fire ! we be cookin now , boy ! we be not stoppin until someone puke ! aite ? int . tyler 's truck - start of school day close up : Tyler take a adderall with a protein shake ... the camera pan across a highschool , pack with kid as they head to class ... we keep pan until we find Tyler drive while drink he protein shake ... int . hallway of highschool - day we follow behind Tyler and alexis , hold hand ... ext . courtyard of highschool - continuous Tyler and alexis hang with they friend , a mix of kid . alexis be sit on Tyler 's lap , rub she hand through he hair . int . english classroom - day the camera push through the classroom to find Tyler sit up and listen to he english teacher : english teacher every time you leave this classroom , I want you to look at that sign and think about what it mean , and how it apply to you ... carpe diem ... seize . the. Day . every day of you life be a gift , so make the most of it ! the camera push past the teacher and into the sign . int . weight room - day Tyler be lift weight with the wrestle team . he 's on bench press ... Tyler finish he rep and rack the weight . he flexe in the mirror , buzze off he pump ... ext . football field - day Tyler be do conditioning drill with he team . he be run along the football field with a 45 pound plate above he head ... now , the team be run bleacher in the football stadium . Tyler see alexis in the distance . she 's in the middle of the football field practice drill for the drill team . int . wrestling gym - day close ups and slow motion of the team wrestle . muscle and sweat move with the music . a primal beauty to the image .... int . locker room — day slow motion continue as Tyler put he head under the run shower water ... kid whip each other with towel as Tyler get dress at he locker ... int . tyler 's truck - sunset Tyler drive through he neighborhood , drink another post - workout drink , as the sun set . the house around range from large to midsize , but nothing too extravagant ... int . tyler 's parent 's house - sunset Tyler walk in through the back door . he 's greet with bark from three dog that vary in size . mom ( 0.c . ) I beat you home ? that 's a first - the camera pan over to find Tyler 's mom , catherine ( 40s ) unpack she bag from work . Catherine look very put together , dress professional , yet exhaust . tyler catherine yeah ... today be a long one - Long , but good ? yeah ... you ? I know exactly how you feel , baby . Tyler give he mom a good hug , and then he walk through the live room , past he dad 's office and through the house . Tyler head up the stair and he dad , ronald ( 40s ) , call out : ronald tyler ( cont 'd ) how be school ? good . Tyler keep walk upstairs and he dad come out of he office . Ronald appear to be in incredible physical condition , yet he 's wear a large knee brace around he right knee . he 's also ina button down with slack . ronald ( cont 'd ) stop . Tyler stop at the top of the stair and turn around . ronald ( cont 'd ) you do realize there be more word in the english language that you can use to speak to you father , yes ? tyler School be good ... but practice go long and I have a history test tomorrow , so I really need to start homework . ronald okay . there we go . I still need you down here at 9 . tyler I know . Tyler head for he room and the camera pan past he to push into a door that be crack open with a cat stare at we . this be Tyler 's sister 's room . Tyler 's sister , emily , have brace and be on she computer . we catch a glimpse of Emily before , practice with the drill team and alexis , but more importantly , Emily be the girl we see riding the bike during the first frame of the film ... int . tyler 's room - continuous Tyler enter he bedroom and the camera leave he to pan through he room . we see wrestle trophy , family photo , a kanye poster , etc . the camera continue to pan until it find Tyler look at he incredibly fit body in the mirror with he shirt off ... Tyler 's phone buzze . it 's a text from alexis : alexis ( text ) Pickle ? Tyler smile . int . tyler 's truck - day we see close ups in 48 fps of a hand move through the wind , hair blow , sunlight hit beautiful eye , etc . alexis turn to see Tyler watch she . they both smile ... the end of the song have arrive and there be cheer on the sound track ... ' Father strech my hand pt.1 's by kanye West come in . ext . beach - day Music build : slow motion and close ups of drink be mix ... beer be pour ... weed be smoke ... the hook hit : kid cudi / kanye west ( in song ) beautiful morning , you be the sun in my morning babe ... now , we can see Tyler , alexis , and they friend on the beach . the sun be shine , the water be crystal clear , and the beer be cold . Tyler turn down any substance , though , because he be in season ... soon , Tyler pick up alexis and carry she to the ocean . the camera follow behind and go into the water with they . int . speed boat - day alexis and Tyler be on a speed boat , with alexis 's parent . alexis 's dad , bobby ( 40s ) , be drink a beer while drive the boat . alexis 's mom , elena ( late 30 ) , be try to hang on to she sun hat as the boat fly through wind and wave . int . elena and bobby 's house - evening alexis and Tyler be on they phone , sprawle out on the live room couch , as Elena and Bobby head out for the night : bobby elena you sure you kid do not want do not forget you get a shift a free dinner ? you be missin tomorrow - out — alexis bobby ( cont 'd ) I know - do not do anything I would not ! Goodbye , dad ! bye . Elena and Bobby walk out the front door . they house be smaller and more modest than Tyler 's parent 's place ... CUT to : moan can be hear off screen , as we see various family photo of alexis 's entire family lineage ... the camera pan away from one of the photo to find Tyler go down on alexis , in the middle of the live room ... CUT to : ' pt.2 's by kanye West slam on as we hear yell .... we find alexis and Tyler , all of a sudden , fight : alexis ( cont 'd ) tyler go run away like you always blah - blah - keep runnin you do . you asshole - mouth and lyin - int . tyler' truck - continuous Tyler take off in he truck , texting alexis as he drive . texts blast across screen : alexis ( text ) tyler ( text ) we be do ! | never wanna see you again . . you lie birchbox bitch " you know | hate that word | dont care at least | dont run away like a pussy ext . STREET - continuous wide shot as Tyler 's truck slam on the brake and do a fast U -turn . ext . elena and bobby 's house - continuous Tyler be back and scream at alexis from he truck . alexis be yell back from the front lawn : tyler say it to my face ! alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) we be over - get in the truck and say it - alexis ( cont 'd ) I ’m not go anywhere with you ! int . tyler 's truck - continuous now , alexis be in Tyler 's truck and they be still fight while drive : tyler alexis just admit you fuckin lie ! I do not lie about anything you selfish asshole ! he like a picture and I follow he bullshit- bullshit - back ! you freak out in like two second and you do not listen to I - I be do ! ext . parking lot - later the music cut out and we be in a wide shot as Tyler 's green truck be park in a parking lot , rock back and forth ... int . tyler 's truck - continuous ' spread 's by outcast be play through the speaker as alexis and Tyler be have sex in the back seat of Tyler 's truck , doggy style . tyler alexis I love that pussy ... I love you dick ... I love it ... tyler ( cont 'd ) fuck ... you be gonna make I come - int . tyler 's truck - sunset the beat hit as the camera pan through the truck with Tyler drive , nodd to the music , and alexis riding shotgun , take selfies . ext . katy 's house party - night the camera push past a row of park car to find alexis and Tyler . we follow behind as they hold hand and approach a house party ... alexis and Tyler go through the front door and we see high school kid play beer pong over the dining room table ... we go through the kitchen to see a assortment of different kind of liquor and beer as kid be play flip cup on the kitchen counter ... the camera pan over to follow a girl in a swimsuit outside , to the swim pool ... the girl walk onto a diving board and we follow : kide jump ! jump !! jump !!! the girl run and jump into the pool with the camera trail behind . underwater , we see body move through pool light ... int . cameron' house party - later ' mitsubishi Sony 's by Frank Ocean start up . alexis and Tyler be dance , have a blast together ... a random girl try to chug a bottle of champagne and she spit it up ... different kid at the party flow to music , talk , laugh , drink , play flip cup , beer pong , etc ... int . derek' mom 's mini van - later now , alexis and Tyler be inside a mini van with Tyler 's friend . Tyler 's friend be a bit of a mix bag ; range in ethnicity and interest , while all share the same common denominator of loving to fuck around and have fun ... derek be drive and ryan be riding shotgun while stan and chang be in the back with alexis and Tyler : derek ryan stop ! sixteen ! sixteen fries ! derek ( to ryan ) ( cont 'd ) drive -through voice I want my food , you idiot ! do you say sixteen ? derek start laugh , just like everyone else in the car . drive -through voice ( cont 'd ) ryan «+ . Sir ? listen here , lady . I be gonna say this one time and one time only ... I want 27 breakfest burrito and I want 4 pankcake , 7 fries , and 10 slice of cheese . get it ? «+. we do not sell slice of what kind of operation be cheese . you run here , lady ?!! int . derek' mom 's mini van - later the mini van be stop as Tyler steal sign from a front yard and throw they in the back of the van ... soon , Stan be try to take a big sign out of someone else 's yard ... suddenly , Stan drop the sign and come run back to the mini van : stan go! go ! I see someone - chang ryan where ?? what the fuck be you talk about ?! all of a sudden , a grow man come sprinting out of the house and towards the mini van . everyone scream and freak out as the mini van take off and the grow man chase behind ... the music reach _a crescendo as the camera spin between everyone in the mini van , feel the rush and joy of the night . they sing , shout , and laugh .... tonight , they be invincible ... soon , everything go to slow motion ... Tyler look over at alexis and she look back . in they be look , they share they own world . they can feel each other 's love ... fade to black . the music cut out . knock knock knock int . tyler 's bedroom - morning Tyler jolt awake to knock on he bedroom door . ronald tyler let 's go . let 's go . let 's -— yeah - I be up . Tyler lay back down . not ready for the morning ... ronald ( cont 'd ) downstair in 5 . 10 . ext . outside of tyler' parent 's house - dawn Tyler bounce around and warm up as Ronald drink a cup of coffee ... soon , Tyler take off jogging through the neighborhood . int . garage - later now , Ronald and Tyler lift weight , with they shirt off , in the garage . the garage have be convert into a training room , with a assortment of weight and a miniature wrestle mat . soon , Tyler and Ronald check Tyler 's weight on a scale ... later , Tyler and Ronald flex in the mirror . there seem to be a subtle competition between they as they each hold they breath to pronounce the vein in they arm , neck , and chest ... suddenly , Ronald nearly faint and fall over from hold he breath for too long ... Tyler help Ronald back up and they share a laugh . minister ( 0.s. ) one of my favorite passage from first corinthian , the thirteenth chapter ... Love be patient . Love be kind . it do not boast . not proud . not rude . not self-seek ... and it say it keep no record of wrong ... ext . church - day now , Tyler and he family be dress in formal wear for church . we see that Ronald volunteer as a door greeter for the church , so he hand out pamphlet and make small talk with everyone that enter . Ronald seem to genuinely enjoy this and he appear to be incredibly charming ... int . church - day the camera push through a church service and zero in on Tyler who be just barely nodd off as the minister preach ... Tyler 's mom , Catherine , see Tyler nodd off so she give hima nudge . Tyler look up to see he mom with a tiny grin . Tyler return a smile and then look over to see he dad shaking he head and he sister snicker . Tyler look forward and listen to the service : minister --. do not it sound like then - that if love keep no record of wrong , then love must be accompany by challenge ? ' what a difference a Day make 's by dinah Washington come on . CUT to : now , the service be over . Ronald and the family talk with different church member , in the lobby ... Ronald talk with the minister about the service , etc ... soon , Tyler get in Catherine 's car and Emily , Tyler 's sister , get in Ronald 's .... 11 . int . tyler 's mom 's car - later that day Tyler smile as he watch he mom sing with the music come through the car 's speaker . Catherine direct she sing towards he and they laugh ... soon , Tyler look out the window to see a house , sign , with all the sign Tyler and he friend steal . Tyler smile ... suddenly , Catherine slam on the brake because of a car up ahead . Tyler look down to see he mom 's arm stretch out in front of he for protection . int . diner - later now , Tyler 's family be have post-church breakfast . Tyler be eat lean . Egg white and spinach . Ronald study Tyler for a beat : ronald «+. get in late last night ? tyler not really . ronald not really ?... huh ... so you be fall asleep in church for no reason ? tyler ronald ( cont 'd ) no - I mean - do that service bore you today ? tyler ( cont 'd ) no. Ronald shake he head . ronald remember what we talk about ? Tyler nod . ronald ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? tyler ~-. yes . catherine how 's you shoulder do , ty? still sore ? tyler on and off . catherine I be gonna call Steve . just get a appointment to make sure . 12 . tyler ronald Mom - he 's fine . catherine ( to ronald ) ronald ( cont 'd ) you be one to talk . I get my eye on it . catherine ( cont 'd ) you have you eye on you knee , too . look where that get you . Ronald just shake he head again . catherine ( cont 'd ) I be sure he 's fine , but we still have a whole season to go and we wanna make sure he stay in top shape ... be I right ? Tyler nod . catherine ( cont 'd ) emily and I be sorry again that I ummm , I can not go either . gotta miss this one , but dad and em will be there and I x11 be- catherine ( cont 'd ) what ? emily I tell you . practice get move . catherine it 's you brother 's first - emily tyler you be such a hypocrite , it 's fine . it really do not you be not even go . matter - catherine emily ( cont 'd ) it do matter . Emily , you yeah , but I need to study . practice never go that late . catherine ( cont 'd ) you can study after you support you brother . emily catherine ( cont 'd ) that 's not - you know I have a ah . that 's what this be study group . everyone else really about . Friends at can not meet that late . bethany 's . bethany 's - emily ( cont 'd ) tyler ugh . this be not - he do not it 's very true , actually . even care if I be there ! 13. catherine that 's not the point ... ( to Emily ) you should care . Emily throw a miserable look Catherine 's way . Ronald break it up : ronald okay , alright ... there 's nothing to worry about right here . you know why ?... because the wise and noble father will be there to hold it down . Catherine smile from Ronald 's charm and Tyler just shake he head . catherine yeah ? and who 's that ? if you see he , you can send he my way . ext . STREET - sunset Tyler be jogging along a canal ... even though it 's 90 plus degree , he 's in full sweat ... int . bathroom - later that night Tyler take off he sweat . he 's drench and wear a garbage bag underneath he clothes , so that he sweat even more . Tyler step onto a scale . he 's at 148 .... Tyler look up and stare at he reflection . int . downstair - later Tyler sit in the kitchen and eat a can of tuna with some raw spinach for dinner ... he boil some water and make a mouth piece .... Tyler play a song on the piano and hum along to it ... he 's actually really great . clearly , he grow up play ... Tyler finish he song and roll he leave shoulder around . int . tyler 's parent 's bathroom —- continuous Tyler dig under the sink . he find a heating pad and bengay , then he close the cabinet and head to another cabinet ... Tyler dig until he find one of he dad 's prescription bottle . Tyler read the bottle and it say : percocet . he open the bottle and look inside . Tyler 's dad call out from the distance : ronald ( 0.s. ) ty ? you take out the trash ?! int . locker room - continuous we be in a close up on a focus coach Wise , mid speech : coach wise .-+. and let I tell ya something about tonight - tonight be about who can take more pain . okay ? ( more ) 14 . coach wise ( cont 'd ) that 's it ... who will give in to it and give up , or who will fight back and beat it ! aite ? pain be temporary . it can last six minute , six week , six year , but quittin- quittin be forever ... we leave coach Wise and we go to a series of close ups of the wrestler on the team : coach wise ( cont 'd ) you boy be winner in school , winner in life , fixin to be winner on the mat ... champion ... aite ?... for you young guy , you shot to prove yourself start right now . for you senior , this be it . last season of you high school career begin with tonight ... we go to a close up of Tyler avidly listen : coach wise ( cont 'd ) «+ . now , I dare you to take a little bit of pain tonight - I dare you to take that pain and fight back ! fight it - I dare you ! beat that pain and you be gonna find power - I guarantee it ... aite ? okay ... now , let 's get out there and wrestle ! now , we be in a wide shot of the locker room as the team stand and get pump . Tyler put in he ear bud and hit play on he phone . ' freeee 's by kid see ghost fill the speaker as the team file out ... int . hallway - continuous the beat hit : we follow behind Tyler and the team as they head down a hallway ... int . gym - continuous we make we way into the gym to find a large wrestle mat take over the floor and the bleacher fill with a cheer crowd ... the team jog in a big circle to warm up . the camera spin in a 360 from inside the circle , follow Tyler ... soon , the team break up into partner to warm up . the camera switch to spin around Tyler in a 360 . Tyler get he teammate down with a fireman 's take down . now , Tyler be sit on the bench as lighter weight class wrestle . Tyler look into the bleacher ... Ronald be stand at the bottom of the bleacher , closer to the mat , talk and laugh with other parent . Tyler see alexis sit at the top of the bleacher , cheer . he do not acknowledge she because he 's in he zone ... Tyler warm up on a smaller mat , behind he teammate . Tyler scan the oppose team , try to look for he opponent . 15 . a buzzer ring . CUT to : Tyler take off he clothes , so that he be only wear he singlet . when he take out he headphone , the music cut out . Tyler walk up to the main booth to give he name and weight class . Tyler 's opponent do the same and then they meet in the middle of the mat , with the ref , and take the neutral position . adrenaline and anticipation build ... the ref blow he whistle and the match begin . Tyler and he opponent begin intensely grapple and shifting they body with they hand on each other 's neck . it 's aggressive and primal ... boom Tyler do a fast fireman 's carry and slam he opponent to the ground . the crowd cheer . Tyler keep he on he back and crawl up to where he get he opponent in a half nelson ... Tyler be already go for the pin when Tyler 's face begin to grimace from pain ... Tyler can not quite get both of he opponent 's shoulder on the mat , but he continue to push ... bam the ref hit the mat . Tyler have win . the ref raise Tyler 's hand and the crowd cheer ... Tyler immediately go back to where he be warming up and he look frustrated as he roll he shoulder around . Ronald watch from the bleacher ... int . garage - later that night Tyler and Ronald be back in the garage , this time on the miniature wrestle mat . Ronald have Tyler on the ground , wrap up in a similar grip that Tyler have he opponent in , except Ronald be show Tyler a better grip . by the look on Tyler 's face , it seem painful . ronald tyler see ? see ? you feel the yes ... difference ? ronald ( cont 'd ) I be tell you - you would a have he 20 second earlier if you do it like I teach you . soon , Ronald be stretch and roll Tyler 's shoulder to help loosen it up ... ronald ( cont 'd ) okay ... that 's what I be talkin bout . let I get a good look at you ... feel good ? Tyler nod . ' lvl 's by a$ ap Rocky hit on . 16 . int . doctor' office - day Tyler sit in the hallway of a doctor 's office . his ear bud be in as he watch a wrestle match on he phone ... Tyler go inside a very loud mri machine , etc ... int . bathroom - day Tyler do crunch in the bathroom with full sweat on . the shower be on and it 's turn the bathroom into a steam room . ext . construction site - day Tyler watch as Ronald manage employee on the construction site . Ronald seem value and respected ... soon , Tyler and Ronald walk together , alone , along the site . ronald --. you gotta keep you eye on everything and everyone . it 's not just the site - Design team , architect , subcontractor , you name it . gotta be the problem solver and you gotta do it yoursel ai not no one else gonna be there to save you ... but it all start with that piece of dirt and then it turn into something magnificent . something that 's gonna contribute to this community . it 's a beautiful thing ... you need to take pride in what you do , son . do not ever forget that ... Tyler and Ronald continue walk through the site ... ext . beach - sunset Tyler be run down the beach , sweat he ass off ... soon , Tyler slow down ... Tyler take off all he clothes , except some short . when he take out he ear bud , the music cut out . Tyler walk into the ocean and get in ... it is peaceful out here . Tyler look up at the beautiful 's sunset and some seagull fly by ... int . elena and bobby 's house - night close up of video with a baby elephant chase bird . the elephant continue chase the bird and have fun until he trip over himself and fall to the ground , face first . the elephant get up and scurries over to he mom , just jike a human child would ... tyler /alexis awwwwwwww alexis and Tyler be watch the video from alexis 's cell : tyler alexis oh my god . adorable . I have still - be not he the cutest ??? see that one , though - I love elephant ... tyler ( cont 'd ) what about goat ?? 17 . alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) I love goat , too - well , which do you like more ? alexis ( cont 'd ) hmmm ... I can not pick . I love they both . tyler alexis ( cont 'd ) different - shut up . Tyler watch another video of a elephant dance while alexis head to the kitchen where she parent be bicker while cooking . alexis 's parent 's restaurant be a modest italian spot . CUT to : now it 's alexis , Elena , Tyler , and Bobby be seat around one of the dinner table , eat : bobby elena it 's too much salt . I tell it 's not too much ! you - alexis bobby ( cont 'd ) I think it 's delicious . who make it better ? I or you mother ? alexis ( cont 'd ) no comment . bobby alexis ( cont 'd ) no comment ? that 's a trap . bobby ( cont 'd ) it 's no trap . it 's a easy answer . too bad T do not eat real food or maybe we would get a honest opinion around here . tyler bobby ( cont 'd ) as soon as season 's over , sir- how 's the shrimp and spinach combo treatin ya there , T ? Tyler be the only one without a heavier italian dish . he be eat grill shrimp and spinach , without any kind of sauce . simple and lean . tyler ( cont 'd ) it 's delicious . you daughter 's a amazing cook . 18 . bobby elena yeah ? where do you think she her mother . get it from - lies ! I teach you everything oh please - we both know you you know - could not cook anything before I . baby - just stick to you oh , shut up ! iguanas . Tyler laugh and look confuse . Tommy go back to walk through and clean up the restaurant . alexis ( to tyler ) we call mom the iguana killer . bobby elena she sit out there with she they be a invasive species ! ellet gun - just committin iguana genocide on a daily - no , no - you be blood thirsty ! shut up ! they be destroy the ecosystem - ; bobby ( cont 'd ) ; forget it ... T , you know spaghetti have always be alexis 's favorite ? tyler yes , sir . bobby you should have see she the first time she have it . we get video of it somewhere . I gotta find it . she eat it with she hand and it be everywhere . chunks of meat and red sauce all over she face , like a animal - alexis bobby ( cont 'd ) shut up , dad - it be beautiful ! I be tell you ! most beautiful thing I ever see ! int . suit store - later Tyler and he friend try on suit in front of a big mirror . chang help Tyler with he tie as Tyler study he reflection ... he look great in he suit . int . garage - evening Tyler and Ronald be lift weight again . they be do superset and Tyler be on he second set of barbell curl . Ronald be spot and Tyler be struggle with the weight ... Tyler give up and drop the barbell at 7 rep . not give it 100 % . 19 . ronald no. pick it back up and get ten . Tyler just breathes heavy and look back at he father . ronald ( cont 'd ) come on - let 's go ! Tyler pick the weight back up and do three more rep then drop the barbell . again , not give it 100 % . ronald ( cont 'd ) no. from the top . ten rep . tyler ronald ( cont 'd ) I do ten - no . you do seven and give up . I want a full set of ten . Tyler just shake he head and walk around . he 's in a funk , but Ronald be not connect it to Tyler 's shoulder , because they be do bicep curl . ronald ( cont 'd ) what 's the deal , ty ? what 's go on ? tyler Tyler pick up the weight and push to do 10 full rep in a set . ronald that 's what I be talkin bout . good set , son ... aite. finish strong . plates . Tyler and Ronald pick up 45 pound plate and begin do a full body plate work out ... it look exhaust ... int . tyler 's bedroom - night Tyler sit at he desk and try to do homework . he have a icepack on he shoulder and it 's hard for he to focus with the pain . Tyler open up he desk drawer and pull out a altoid can . Inside it be a bunch of the painkiller he find in he parent 's bathroom . he take one ... Tyler 's phone vibrate : 20 . alexis ( text ) tyler ( text ) I be get worried ... why ? wh > y? at up ? I be late ..... for what ?? my period what ? idk it 's like a week late I be sure it 's fine idk sometimes it 's off but never a week Babe | think you just freaking out . I be sure it 's all good all of a sudden , we can hear the sound of a door creak open . Tyler turn around to see he bedroom door slowly open , but no one be there ... Tyler stand and look over he bed . Emily 's cat have push open the door and be just stand there , stare at Tyler . tyler ( cont 'd ) Emily ?! the cat just shake . it seem to have some kind of disability where he hind leg continually bounce . tyler ( cont 'd ) emily emily ?! what ?! tyler ( cont 'd ) you ugly cat be in my room ! the cat walk towards Tyler and Tyler hiss at it . the cat stop . Emily finally come in and pick up she cat : emily tyler ( cont 'd ) jerk ! I do not want that beast in my room — emily ( cont 'd ) the only beast in here be you . Emily leave and Tyler shut the door behind she . headlights shine through Tyler 's window and he turn around .. int . kitchen - continuous the music cut out as Tyler hug he mom , and then he take a seat on the kitchen counter . Catherine unpack she bag from work : catherine how be you day ? 21 . tyler Fine ... could 'a be better ... get a suit fitte . catherine tyler ( cont 'd ) oh yeah ? for the bearcat yeah . Ball ? catherine ( cont 'd ) fun ... do you know what group you sister be go with ? tyler catherine ( cont 'd ) no idea . better not be with oh , come on . it 's not like mine - it 's prom . tyler ( cont 'd ) whatever . catherine be alexis excited ? tyler yeah , I guess . she 's have she dress forever ... how be you day ? catherine good ... Long ... exhausting . also , I be gonna have more note for you to do . that divorce be happen . Tyler 's dad finally walk into the kitchen . ronald catherine ( cont 'd ) I keep tell she if she I do not want to work Fridays . would spread she schedule out I need my weekend . and work Fridays , she would not be so exhaust - ronald ( cont 'd ) kiss ? Catherine stop unpack she bag for a second and kiss Ronald . ronald ( cont 'd ) there 's my girl . Ronald give Catherine a hug and Tyler watch ... there be still love in Tyler 's parent 's relationship , but the chemistry be a little off . it 's clear that Catherine be not as into show affection with Ronald , as he be with she . we can feel more go on with they marriage , below the surface ... catherine «+. good day ? 22 . ronald yeah ... not bad . Ronald look over at Tyler . ronald ( cont 'd ) you get all you homework do ? tyler ronald ( cont 'd ) not yet - well , what be you wait for ? tyler ( cont 'd ) I be say hi to mom - it 's a two second break . ronald uh huh . Catherine seem slightly annoyed by Ronald 's persistence . catherine how 's you knee ? ronald you know ... the usual . catherine can you start the bath ? ronald you get it . Ronald head for they bathroom , then call out : ronald ( cont 'd ) hey . do you take some of my pain pill ? catherine ronald ( cont 'd ) no ... why ? it 's all good . Ronald leave and Catherine go back to unpack she bag ... doctor steve ( 0.s. ) slap stand for Superior labrum anterior and posterior ... int . doctor' office - day slow zoom out as Doctor Steve be shuffle through Tyler 's mri report : doctor steve --. this top area here be also where the biceps tendon attaches to the labrum . that 's why you be also feel pain run up you arm . ( more ) 23 . doctor steve ( cont 'd ) now , in you case , if you do not remember a specific event , then you could have aggravate you shoulder and then over time , with repetition , make it worse and worse . since it 's the labrum , it 's not just overhead activity . any strenuous activity on the biceps tendon can enhance it , as well . tyler yes , sir ... but what do all of this mean ? doctor steve well , you have do extreme damage . you have a level 5 out of 5 slap tear . I have actually never see this level tear , in person . tyler I mean - it 's not that bad . I can easily push through it . the camera land in a tight profile on Tyler . doctor steve tyler ( cont 'd ) I be afraid you need surgery but - I be in season right now . or you be run the risk of permanent , irreversible , damage - doctor steve ( cont 'd ) I understand . but Tyler , this be very serious . I highly recommend you stop all physical activity , immediately , and we get you surgery as soon as possible . tyler well , what if we do it at the end of season and I recover over summer ? I could be good for next year - College . the camera slowly rotate around Tyler 's face and zoom in . doctor steve I do not believe you can make it another match , let alone the entire season ... then , to be honest , recovery would last much longer than just the summer ... you will likely never fully recover to the way you be , but the sooner we address this , the better ... you be young and you should heal very well . it 's just go to take time ... the camera sit on Tyler . he look like he can not fully process what he 's hearing ... doctor steve ( cont 'd ) tyler «+ . I can call you mom if no - you do not have to do you - that . I ’1l1 talk to she ... I wanna tell my parent myself . 24 . doctor steve ( cont 'd ) I understand ... I be very sorry , Tyler . I know this be not what you want to hear ... int . doctor' hallway - continuous close up of Tyler 's face as he enter a elevator and the door close . int . tyler 's truck - later that night zoom in as Tyler sit in he park truck , contemplate everything ... int . speedy 's - continuous Tyler wait in line at a hole - in- the-wall liquor store . a few man with dread be sit behind the cash register . they look Tyler over . he 's clearly out of he element here ... it 's Tyler 's turn , and he hand a pint of vodka to the cash register attendant that go by wally . wally what up brotha ? ai not see you in a fat minute - int . tyler 's truck - later zoom in as Tyler open the pint of vodka ... Tyler pour the vodka into he water bottle ... Tyler take a sip ... zoom out as Tyler drive ... he 's beginning to get that glaze tipsy look in he eye ... he check he phone : alexis ( series of texts ) where be you ? helloo00 ????? Tyler drive through the parking lot of a fast food chain . Tyler see a black man in hand cuff talk to a bunch of police ... the man do not look that much older than Tyler ... * note * now use anamorphic lense in 1.85:1 int . tyler 's room - later we be focus on Tyler 's back as we hear he beginning to masturbate to the porn on he computer ... the camera pan away ... int . bathroom - later the camera pan away from run water ... we continue to pan until we see Tyler in the bath tub . 25 . he look drunk as he eat a cheeseburger and tear fall from he eye ... soon , he 's beginning to nod off ... the music fade out ... fade to black ... what be you do ?! Tyler snap awake to the bathtub over flow . emily ( 0.s. ) there's water coming under my door ! tyler emily ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I get it - do you know what time it be ?! * note * now in 2.40 : 1 aspect ratio with spherical lense . until now , the film have be in 1.85 : 1 ext . track - day Tyler be run around the school with teammate ... all of a sudden , Tyler stop and begin throw up ... he look up to see coach watch he . int . wrestling gym - day Tyler and teammate be wrestle . Tyler be pair up with a wrestler ( 17 ) who have brace . they be grapple until the wrestler pull on Tyler 's arm in the wrong way , create pain in Tyler 's shoulder . boom Tyler sweep the wrestler 's leg and throw he to the ground . Tyler stay on top as he take he arm and rub it all over the wrestler 's face , really forcefully ... by do this , Tyler be force the inside of the kid 's mouth to clash against he brace ... eventually , Tyler get up . the other wrestler roll over and cough up blood ... Tyler can not help but feel bad ... int . ronald office - night Catherine 's voice echoe through the house as it play from Ronald 's computer speaker : catherine ( 0.s. ) .-. he 's feel - just so hurt and confuse . he break down in tear today and Linda continue to refuse any type of communication ... continue treatment as need . Tyler be transcribe audio note Catherine have make about she patient . from the note , we can infer that Catherine be a therapist ... in the distance , Tyler can hear he dad fart and talk to himself . Tyler shake he head and smile ... Ronald enter the room and hover over Tyler , check he work . 26 . ronald how 's it come ? tyler good. ronald how many more you get ? tyler ronald ( cont 'd ) half way there - what 's this format ? why 's the date over there ? that 's how mom want it - can I do not pay you to do you you just let I do my thing - thing . I pay you to do my thing . technically mom be pay - there you go again . Ronald sit down , across from Tyler . Catherine 's voice be still play through the speaker . ronald ( cont 'd ) what 's this attitude about ? tyler ronald ( cont 'd ) what do you mean - you know exactly what I mean . Tyler shrug . ronald ( cont 'd ) stop . turn it off and look at I . Tyler stop transcribe and turn to face he father . ronald ( cont 'd ) look around you for a second . who do you think keep all this run ? you mother might be great with the patient , but she know nothing about the business . if I quit my job and stop run you mother 's business , you think you have even have a place to lay that big head ? tyler «+. no. ronald so ... what 's up ? tyler +. I have a lot go on right now . ronald Boy - you do not think I and you mom do not have a lot go on ? ( more ) 27 . ronald ( cont 'd ) wait until you be on you own in the world , with real responsibility . you have to be able to balance it . we talk about this - if it 's too much , then you can forget about see friend anymore or that little girl you run around with - Tyler shake he head . ronald ( cont 'd ) do not shake you head at I - chump . this be my house . you do not like how I run thing , you can get out ... I tell you that you do not have to work for I or train with I . you ask for that . that be you choice . I do not make you choose wrestle - but if you be gonna do something , you be gonna do it right . and I will ride you ass everyday till you be deliver into you excellence - if that 's what it take . you do not like it - quit . find a job like everyone else or train on you own , but you be not gonna sit around here and do mediocre work because you cannot afford to ... Ronald read Tyler for a beat and decide to change he tone : ronald ( cont 'd ) .-. look ... everything I do be for y’all ... everything ... I only want the best for you , son ... I be try to give you the tool to succeed in this world . it 's not easy out there . trust I . I have say it before and I will say it again - the world do not give a shit about you and I . we be not afforded the luxury of be average . gotta be 10 time better just to get anywhere ... I do not push you because I want to . I push you because I have to . you hear what I be say ? Tyler nod and seem to genuinely take in he father 's word , even if he 's hear they a million time before . ronald ( cont 'd ) -.. yeah ? tyler yeah ... I hear you . ronald good ... good ... man , I look at y’all and all the opportunity you have that I do not , wishing nana and Three papa do for we . do not even know how good you have it ... Ronald stand and leave ... Tyler just sit and think about he father 's word ... 28 . int . highschool gym - later Tyler be at a new wrestle match , warming up , as lighter weight class wrestle ... Tyler look into the stand , and see he dad in the front , talk it up with all the parent ... soon , Catherine arrive ... Tyler step up to the mat ... Tyler 's opponent arrive , and he look tougher than the last kid . Tyler shake hand with he opponent , and they take the neutral position ... the ref blow he whistle . Tyler and he opponent circle each other until they latch onto each other 's neck with a firm grip ... Tyler throw he opponent 's head around , take out he aggression until : boom Tyler do a fast fireman 's carry and slam he opponent to the ground . Tyler keep he wrap up after the takedown , and he 's already try to pin he . this be pull on Tyler 's shoulder like crazy as the pain go from intense to excruciate ... it 's too much to take . Tyler let go and he opponent get loose . Tyler stand and return to the neutral position . boom Tyler 's opponent get Tyler in a single leg takedown and take Tyler to the ground . ' je vous hais petite fille 's by m83 begin to seep in . Tyler scramble , but he opponent ride he . both of Tyler 's shoulder be stretch overhead for support . the pain flow as Tyler continue to try and get loose ... the ref 's whistle blow - the period end . pain be shoot up Tyler 's entire arm as he go down to take the defensive start position ... Ronald and Catherine yell from the stand ... Tyler 's opponent get on top ... the ref 's whistle blow and period two begin . Tyler stand to get free , but he opponent slam he back to the ground ... this continue for a good minute ... finally , Tyler be able to stand and get loose . boom Tyler be slam to the ground with a double leg take down . when they hit the ground , Tyler 's shoulder be stretch out and over he head . on impact , the pain be so unbearable that Tyler can barely move . everything go to slow motion as Tyler 's opponent wrap he up and go for the pin .... Tyler try to fight back ... Tyler look up and see coach Wise and the team yell from the bench ... his parent yell from the bleacher ... bam the ref hit the mat . Tyler have lose . Tyler 's opponent get up to claim victory . Tyler try to get up , but he can not . he lay down , unable to move he shoulder ... the pain be unbearable ... 29 . coach Wise and a medic run over to help . Catherine look terrify and Ronald seem shocked as they hurry over . int . locker room - later slow motion as the medic be finish wrapping up Tyler 's shoulder . Tyler 's face be still red and puffy from cry . Tyler be sit with he mom . she have she arm around he , and she 's rub she hand through he hair , like she do when Tyler be a child ... Ronald be just walk around , look incredibly frustrated . int . tyler 's bathroom - later Tyler take pain killer and look at he reflection in the mirror . there be a big ice pack wrap around he shoulder and he be ina sling ... finally , sound be come back and the music be fade out . Tyler listen and he can hear argue in the distance ... Tyler leave he room and walk to the top of the stair to listen : ronald ( 0.s. ) I can not believe he do not tell we ! I do not know what the hell he be think . catherine ( 0.s. ) ronald ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Steve say he do not call , he lie right to my face ! because Tyler want to tell he 's be lie this whole we personally - time ! it 's he attitude ! I be tell you - the boy do not watch you voice ! listen - frustration and isolation build in Tyler as he listen ... ronald ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so much for a scholarship - he 's do - destroy he shoulder and he do it to himself through sheer stupidity ! Tyler 's phone vibrate and he pick it up ... alexis be call ... CUT to : ext . beach - sunset ' rushes 's by Frank Ocean hit in . Tyler and alexis sit on a empty beach . Tyler 's phone play the music as they both share a water bottle and seem buzze : alexis tyler I just wish you would have tell I know ... I be sorry ... I - alexis ( cont 'd ) why do not you ? 30 . tyler I do not know ... guess I think if I do not talk about it , it be not true ... think I could beat it ... alexis I understand ... I still wish you would have tell I . tyler I know . I be sorry , babe . alexis .-. I feel like we have not be together for so long . tyler yeah ... I miss you . alexis I miss you , too . alexis run she finger through Tyler 's hand ... alexis ( cont 'd ) you callouse be get better , at least ... tyler alexis ( cont 'd ) that 's cause I have not be oh ... I be sorry ... liftin- tyler ( cont 'd ) it 's all good . alexis look up at Tyler , and they just stare at each other for a moment ... Tyler run he hand through she hair and she smile ... Tyler lean in and they kiss ... soon , Tyler lead it to make out ... alexis stop kissing and put she head down . alexis «+ . I be not really in the mood right now . tyler why ? it 's be forever ... we can go over to mean Green ... what 's go on ? alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) ... I know you be under a lot what ? about what ? what 's of pressure right now , but go on ?? be you okay ? I be really get scared - alexis ( cont 'd ) .-- I still have not get my period . tyler what ? 31 . alexis I do not know . it 's never be this late before . tyler well ... how late be it ? alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) like ... two week or a little shit ... more . I be not sure - alexis ( cont 'd ) I be just - I have have no one to talk to and I be get really , really scared ... alexis hang she head down ... Tyler think for a moment and then he put he work arm around alexis . tyler hey , do not be scared ... and you can always talk to I . okay ? I be here ... we will figure this out . we be in this together ... I promise ... will you just look at I ? alexis look up and she have a few tear in she eye . tyler ( cont 'd ) do not cry ! everything be gonna be okay ... I promise ... it 's okay ... Tyler kiss alexis 's head and she nod . alexis fall back into Tyler and he hold she tight ... Tyler 's eye well up a bit . he do not like see alexis cry ... ' rushes 's rise and take over ... Tyler and alexis swim in the ocean together ... they hold each other and kiss ... tyler ( cont 'd ) I love you ... alexis I love you too ... the camera go underwater and into darkness ... dissolve to : int . tyler 's truck - few day later Tyler and alexis drive in silence . Tyler put he hand on alexis 's for support . alexis just stare straight ahead . she look numb , overcome with dread ... Tyler and alexis drive past three older white woman stand in front of a small building , with sign protest abortion . the sign be fill with awful picture of dead fetus . 32 . alexis tyler that asshole - it 's okay - just do not look at they . Tyler pull into the small parking lot and past a security guard . tyler ( cont 'd ) alexis ( cont 'd ) should I just drop you off Drop I off ?! and find park - I do not know - I can find there 's parking right here ! parking - just park here ! fuck - okay ... Tyler park in front of the building , not far from the protestor . ext . outside of abortion clinic - continuous alexis and Tyler make they way to the front door as the protestor heckle they : protestor you murder you baby , you go to hell ! do not be a murderer ! abortion be sin ! int . abortion clinic - continuous Tyler and alexis walk into a full wait room . alexis ( under she breath ) get we seat . alexis head to the front desk , and Tyler find two seat . he look incredibly nervous , and he 's tapping he leg up and down ... soon , alexis come over with a bunch of paper work : tyler alexis ( cont 'd ) what have they say ? I gotta fill all this out ... tyler ( cont 'd ) okay ... how long 's the wait ? alexis I do not know ... alexis fill out the paper work ... Tyler look around the room . the people around he totally vary in race and economic class ... there be a young woman alone and nervous ... there be a girl , who 's probably in middle school , sit with she mom ... there be a older couple that look a bit more at ease ... all of a sudden , there be scream outside . Tyler and alexis turn around to see a family enter : 33 . hysterical daughter mom I ' 1l fuckin kill they ! i‘11 stop it ! settle down and shut kill they - up ! the girl start sobbing and she dad hold she .... alexis and Tyler turn to look at each other . tyler you okay ? alexis shake she head and then return to she paperwork . Tyler put he hand on she shoulder ... Tyler look up at a clock on the wall . slow zoom into the clock . it 's 4 . on a normal day , he have be at wrestle practice right now ... dissolve to : now , Tyler be sit alone . alexis must be with the doctor . the security guard from the front be address the wait room : security guard please ... this people out here be crazy , man . this lady carry gun on ‘em . I see it ... I see ‘em convince a girl not to go through with she procedure because they promise to adopt she baby and you know what ? they do not . do not help she at all and she be stick ... they say thing to get in you head , man . they say the worst thing to I - I gotta take it every day , but listen - I be hear for y'all ... I just ask that you be here for I , too , so please do not go after this crazy lady out here - please ... thank y'all ... everyone in the room agree and thanks the security guard as he head back outside ... soon , a door open and alexis be back with a band - aid on one of she finger . she sit down next to Tyler : tyler alexis be you - can we please go ?? tyler ( cont 'd ) uhh okay ... ( under he breath ) do you do it ? alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) can we please leave ?! okay ... okay ... ext . abortion clinic - continuous alexis and Tyler walk outside and head to they car as the protestor return to heckling ... security guard please leave this people alone , man - 34 . protestor you be go to hell for what you have do , murderer - — n****r! Tyler almost snap and go after the protestor , but alexis stop he ... Tyler and alexis get to the truck . int . tyler 's truck - continuous Tyler and alexis drive out of the parking lot . as they leave , Tyler flick off the protestor ... alexis be just sit in the passenger 's seat , cry : tyler it 's okay , babe ... it 's okay ... what happen ? alexis continue to cry and she shake she head . alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) I could not do it - what ?! I could not do it ... fuckin hell ... Babe , I do not wanna go back there ! why do not you just do it and get it over with ?! alexis ( cont 'd ) I do not know ... I think I could , but I do not know - I do not know - I be just confuse - we need to talk about it again - tyler ( cont 'd ) okay - but - we talk about it - we make a decision ! what more be there to talk about ?! alexis ( cont 'd ) why be you yell at I ?! tyler I be not ! alexis you be yell - tyler ( cont 'd ) no , I be not ?! alexis ( cont 'd ) yes , you be ! tyler okay ... I be sorry . money back ? alexis yes , I get you money ! that 's all you care about - — you do not know how hard this be ... it 's my body - -. do you get the tyler ( cont 'd ) sorry - I be sorry ... I know , I know ... 35 . alexis ( cont 'd ) you do not ... I do not know if I can do a abortion . tyler what be you talk about ?!! alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) stop yelling -— I 'm not - alexis ( cont 'd ) this be not you body ! it 's mine ! tyler it do not matter - be you be serious right now ?! alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) yes - I can not believe I be have this conversation - my mom have a abortion and she say she regret it the I do not give a shit ! this rest of she life - be not about you fuckin mom ! we be senior in highschool ! we be go to college next year ! this would ruin all of that . alexis ( cont 'd ) okay - that 's you point of view ! thank you for not caring about mine ! tyler why would I care about a insane person 's point of view - alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) stop the car - no ! alexis ( cont 'd ) I will fuck uber home or something - you know , you can be so sweet sometimes , and other time you can be the biggest asshole . tyler I be not be a asshole . I be be realistic . you be just too stupid to know the difference . alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) stop the car ! no - stop the fucking car !! fine . 36 . Tyler pull over , and alexis get out and begin walk . Tyler just sit and watch alexis wipe away tear as she walk away ... he know he go too far ... Tyler pull up and roll down the window : tyler ( cont 'd ) please ... just get back in the car ... okay ?... I '' - just get in and I ‘’1ll take you home . alexis ignore he ... tyler ( cont 'd ) alexis alexis - please - I need to be alone - lex - just leave , tyler ! tyler ( cont 'd ) Fine ! fuck it . Tyler take off and leave alexis in he rear view ... int . tyler 's room - night Tyler take off he sling and put on he old wrestle singlet . Tyler pick up two dumbbell and curl the weight up ... Tyler try to go up to a shoulder press and he drop the weight in pain . Tyler sit down and tap he leg . a pain hit he chest and it 's hard to breathe . Tyler get out he altoid can and take a few painkiller . Tyler get on he phone and scroll through photo of he and alexis together ... there 's one of the two of they in rodeo outfit . he look at alexis 's smile . a wave of regret hit ... Tyler text alexis : tyler ( text ) can we talk ? Tyler wait ... he rub he chest in pain . Tyler dig through he drawer and find a old prescription bottle . Tyler take a pill . for people that know pill , they will recognize this as lexapro . Tyler pour the rest of the pill into he altoid can . tyler ( text ) ( cont 'd ) be you still not talk to I ??? do you get back okay ???? Tyler wait ... still no response ... Tyler text : tyler ( text ) ( cont 'd ) chang ( text ) what you boy gettin into ? yeet slide in we gettin live Tyler smile . ' backseat freestyle 's by kendrick lamar come on . Tyler stand and take off he wrestle singlet ... 37 . ext . beach - later that night the beat hit and we be on the beach with Tyler at a bonfire party . everyone be illuminate , in the dark of the night , by the glow of the fire . Tyler look like he 's buzzing hard while he 's rapping : tyler +. Martin have a dream ! kendrick have a dream ... all my life I want money and power . respect my mind or die from lead shower . I pray my dick get big as the eiffel Tower , so I can fuck the world for seventy -two hour ... Tyler continue to rap with the lyric ... boy tackle each other on the beach as kid party around the fire ... we see close ups of Tyler do shot , drink beer , etc ... * note * anytime substance be involved , we be back to anamorphic lense on the second verse , ' backseat freestyle 's start slow down ... ... extreme slow motion as we follow a smoke trail ... .+.. the smoke trail lead to a joint .... wee the joint be pass to Tyler ..... eee eee Tyler take a big hit ....... eee ee eeee Tyler take a long sip of beer and look around . the music continue to slow and the extreme slow motion be give everything it 's own kind of haunt beauty . kid be laugh , drink , and smoking around the fire ....... cece eee eee eee een eee ee een slow zoom into Tyler 's face as ' backseat freestyle 's be fade out and a drine be take over ... Tyler close he eye and look like he 's about to fall asleep ............ eee eeee Tyler slowly open he eye to see alexis sit across from he on the other side of the fire ..............- .-+. alexis and Tyler just stare at each other , and then alexis begin to let big pain come to the surface . she look heartbroken . this hit Tyler right in he gut ...... what the fuck ?! ' America 's by the shoe slam on and Tyler open he eye , back in real time . Tyler look up to see Ryan and derek : ryan derek T money ! why the fuck be you alexis 's a slut . fuck she - be emo ?! 38 . Tyler look straight ahead and alexis be go . tyler ryan ( cont 'd ) oh , fuck off - let 's go . we be leave . derek this place be dead anyway . int . ryan 's suv - later Ryan be drive drunk in he expensive , soupe up suv , while eat a fast food taco . derek be in the back seat destroy fast food nacho . his face be cover with bit of beef and cheese . Tyler be chow down on a big quesadilla ... soon , the boy be finish with they food . derek be pass out in the back . Tyler look at he reflection in the overhead mirror : tyler ryan every time I try to open my you be go , bruh ! eye , they just close - I can not open my eye - — Tyler and Ryan be crack up ... Tyler put he whole head out the window and scream into the night : tyler ( cont 'd ) I can't OPEN my eyessssssss CUT to : int . bathroom - later the music cut out and Tyler throw up all over the bathroom floor ... soon , the bathroom door open and we see a groggy Emily . she see pill on the floor and puke everywhere . emily ty ? what be you do ?! Tyler look up at he sister . tyler I could not make it . emily Tyler ... come on . Emily get a towel and begin clean up ... Tyler start to cry . Emily turn and look at she brother . he look like a sad little boy ... Emily go over and put she arm around Tyler . tyler emily ( cont 'd ) what have I do ? where 's you sling ? what would I do ?? shhh , it 's okay ... 39 . Emily 's cat wobble into the bathroom and smell the throw up . emily ( cont 'd ) tyler ( cont 'd ) b.k .! get back - what would I do ?? emily ( cont 'd ) shhh , everything 's okay ... Tyler lean into he sister more and cry in she arm ... he finally release everything he 's be hold on to . tyler I be sorry .... I be so sorry ... fade to color ... int . tyler 's bedroom - later that day ' focus 's by h.e.r. fade in as Tyler sit on he bed and think ... Tyler stare at he school book , but he can not bring himself to touch they ... Tyler look over at a bulletin board on the wall , full of picture ... Tyler focus on a photo of alexis . she look beautiful . Tyler take in the image for a good beat and he think to himself ... Tyler get on he phone and text alexis : tyler ( text ) look ... | be a asshole but this be stupid the dance be come and we should be there together . we can figure this out . seriously . I be sorry babe . | really be . | should not of freak out and leave you . can we please just talk ??? Tyler wait ... alexis begin type ... alexis ( text ) I be sorry too Tyler smile . tyler ( text ) alexis ( text ) ( cont 'd ) I have miss you so much | miss you too | just need time | know . | get it we need to talk about everything yeah | know I have make my decision ... | just hope you will be supportive dread hit Tyler in the pit of he stomach . 40 . tyler ( text ) ( cont 'd ) alexis ( text ) ( cont 'd ) what 's you decision ? you promise you wont get mad and just talk ? frustration be building in Tyler . tyler ( text ) ( cont 'd ) alexis ( text ) ( cont 'd ) yeah | promise | want to keep it thanks for include I well it 's my body . it 's my decision it 's half mine ! | think | should be include in the i ision ! ducking decision ! you say you be not gonna get mad Tyler begin pace as he call alexis ... it ring and go to voicemail ... Tyler sit back down . tyler ( text ) ( cont 'd ) alexis ( text ) ( cont 'd ) will you just pick up ???? | do not wanna talk when you mad well we should not talk about this over fuck text ! ueke rex you just gonna be a jerk and try to make I change my mind where be you ??? be you home ????? Tyler wait ... no response from alexis . tyler ( text ) ( cont 'd ) alexis ( text ) ( cont 'd ) I be come over no you not . my parent be home . they know too and they be supportive unlike you be you serious right now ???!! yes they understand and support I what do you do ??!! I be do . | do not want to talk to you . anymore we be talkin now y .- no response from alexis ... Tyler hit he desk with he fist . 41 . the song change over to ' ifhy 's by Tyler , the creator ... tyler ( text ) ( cont 'd ) alexis ( text ) ( cont 'd ) answerr I !!! we be over wtf I be block you now dont ducking block I ... no response ... tyler ( text ) ( cont 'd ) hello ??7!!! 222 Tyler 's message do not go through ... he call alexis and it go straight to voicemail ... he call again and it go straight to voicemail ... he have be block . in a fit of rage , Tyler throw he phone across the room and punch a hole through the dry wall , with he work arm . this only fuel Tyler 's rage . the beat drop and he go crazy . Tyler begin destroy he room . throw shelf down , knock he computer over , etc ... soon , Tyler 's parent start knock on the door : catherine / ronald what 's go on ?! Tyler ??! be you okay ?!! Tyler look like he 's about to hyperventilate . he go into he bathroom and slam the door behind he . CUT to black . the music cut out ... + . ' surf solar 's by fuck button seep in ... ext . backyard - sunset we fade up on kid , in nice dress and fancy suit , pose for photo . alexis be in a beautiful red dress pose with a guy that be not Tyler . Tyler 's friend and sister be there as well ... int . tyler 's room —- continuous we see the actual photo and video that everyone have be take on snapchat , as we pull back from a crack phone screen ... we see Tyler scrolling through everything . Tyler be drink vodka from he water bottle ... 42 . he take another pull of vodka and we push into the back of he head to enter a extend montage that will build , with the music , and intercut between everyone attend the dance and Tyler in he room : 1 ) suburb street - the camera fly through the air and then towards the back of the party bus ... we push through the party bus to see everyone laugh and dance while pass around bottle of alcohol . the camera pan from Emily to alexis drink with she date ... soon , the party bus be arrive at the dance ... 2 ) Tyler 's room - the camera pan through Tyler 's room until we find Tyler pace and drink vodka . Tyler take he sling off and roll he shoulder around . Tyler take a assortment of pill ... he open he bottle of adderall , split a capsule , and snort it . 3 ) dance - alexis be have a blast as she dance with she date and all of she friend . the camera fly around everyone ... 4 ) Tyler 's room - Tyler be on the floor do crunch ... slow zoom into Tyler 's face as he close he eye ... image flash through Tyler 's head of the good and bad time with alexis : smiling , Fighting , laugh , scream , go to the beach , go to the abortion clinic , etc ... Tyler pace around he room in a 360 ... 5 ) dance - the camera pan in a 360 as we see everyone mess around and have a blast ... we see Tyler 's friend ... Emily and she date ... 6 ) Tyler 's bathroom - the camera pan from the bathroom mirror to see Tyler put on he letter jacket and fix he hair . he 's not wear he sling . he look drunk and high ... 7 ) dance bathroom - alexis be fix she makeup in the mirror ... soon , Emily come out of a stall and go to the mirror next to alexis . they both smile at each other . alexis you look beautiful . emily awww thank you ! you look amazing ! they both smile as they mess with they makeup . ' Love be a lose game 's by Amy winehouse come on . int . dance floor - later slow zoom as everyone slow dance . the camera focus in on alexis dance with she date . the closer we get , we realize alexis look sad , like she wish she be dance with Tyler ... int . tyler 's parent house —- continuous Tyler leave he room and walk down the stair ... Tyler get to the bottom of the stair and turn on a light . no one be around , he parent must be in they bedroom . Tyler head to he dad 's office and shut the door behind he ... 43 . Tyler dig through the drawer in he dad 's office . he 's search for something ... Tyler stop . he 's find the key to he truck . Tyler turn around and open the office door - the music cut out . Catherine be stand there , in she pajamas , look confuse . catherine what be you do ? Tyler walk past she and head to the front door . catherine ( cont 'd ) stop ! Tyler stop ... catherine ( cont 'd ) what be you do , Tyler ? tyler I need to go to the store . catherine you be ground . you be not go anywhere ... why do you smell like alcohol ?... hey ! turn around and answer I . ... Tyler turn around . catherine ( cont 'd ) have you be drink ?... where 's you sling ? Catherine see the key to Tyler 's truck in he hand . catherine ( cont'd do you take the key out of you father 's office ?! tyler catherine tyler ( cont 'd ) give they to I . no . Tyler - I need to go . catherine ( cont 'd ) you be not go anywhere ! tyler catherine ( cont 'd ) bullshit . watch I - watch you mouth ! Ronald come from around the corner , shirtless and without he knee brace . Tyler 's eye well up ... ronald what 's go on ? 44 , catherine ronald ( cont 'd ) well ... Tyler take the key what ?! out of you office and he 's - tyler ronald ( cont 'd ) this be bullshit . do not talk to you mother that way ! tyler ( cont 'd ) catherine she 's not my mom . you be not like it or not , I raise you ! my fuck mom - tyler ( cont 'd ) catherine ( cont 'd ) my real mom be dead ! she I be you mother , Tyler - be not a condescending bitch that treat I like a fuckin child - you be pathetic ! you I be you mother ! be not a woman ! you can not even have kid - can not even have kid - ronald say one more thing to her and I all lay you ass out - tyler ( to ronald ) fuck you - fuck you ! I fuckin hate you ! can not stand you ! Ronald edge closer to Tyler as Catherine be in shock . Tyler 's say hurtful thing in rage , but he 's never go this far . he 's like a unstoppable freight train . tyler ( to ronald ) ( cont 'd ) come at I - I swear to GOD ! ronald tyler ( cont 'd ) be you drunk ?! yeah , I be fuckin drunk ! fuck you gonna do ?! Ronald aggressively grab Tyler by he jacket . on instinct , Tyler lunge forward and shove Ronald . Tyler use so much force that he father 's bad knee give out and collapse . Ronald drop to the floor in pain and Catherine rush over to help . ' I be a God 's by kanye West slam on . Tyler 's surprised how easy it be to knock he dad down and it 's a powerful feel . ext . outside tyler 's parent 's house - continuous the beat build as the camera follow behind Tyler , run to he truck . Tyler get into he truck and slam the door shut . int . tyler 's truck - continuous Tyler be speed and shaking the steering wheel as a few tear run down he face ... Tyler take a big pull of vodka . 45 . int . tyler 's parent house - continuous Tyler 's parent be still in a bit of shock . Catherine help Ronald up and he limp to he office and get he car key . catherine ronald be you okay ?! what be we no , no , no - we can not . I be do ?! we have to call the go after he - police - Ronald limp through the house to find clothes to put on . catherine ( cont 'd ) ronald ( cont 'd ) you knee - I 'il go - someone I be fine - I be fine - where be need to stay incase he come that dance ?? back - int . dance - continuous alexis , Emily , and Tyler 's friend be all leave the dance now , head toward the party bus ... ext . tyler 's parent 's house - continuous Ronald run to he car ... he get in and slam the door shut . int . tyler 's parent 's house - continuous the camera spin around Catherine as she run through the house to get she cell phone ... she dial a number and wait ... catherine Emily - please call I back . it 's a emergency ... int . party bus - continous close up on Emily 's phone , tuck away in she hand bag , with miss call and text from mom . Emily be dance and mess around with the other kid as the bus drive down a highway ... chang everyone - we 're goin to my fuckin house ! CUT to : now , the party bus pull up to a mansion . alexis , Emily , and Tyler 's friend get off the bus and head inside .... int . ronald car -—- continuous now , zoom in as Ronald be drive , search for Tyler ... 46 . int . tyler 's truck - continuous zoom out as Tyler be drive ... he pull up snapchat . we see a video of everyone on the party bus . they be shouting about head to chang 's for the after party . camera zoom in on the road ahead as Tyler get on the highway . CUT to : now , Tyler pull up to the mansion . he pull over and look at he reflection in the rearview mirror . Tyler wipe away a tear and fix he hair ... int . tyler 's parent 's house - continuous Catherine be call any friend of Tyler 's that she have a number for . finally , someone answer . the music cut out and ' U - rite 's by they . hit in ... catherine hello ?! hi , this be Tyler 's mom ... yeah - yeah ... listen ... ext . outside of chang 's house - continuous Tyler slam he truck door shut . we follow in front of Tyler as he walk past a bunch of park car ... Tyler make he way towards chang 's house , but instead of go to the front door , he go around to the side fence ... Tyler hop a fence to land in the back yard . Tyler try to open the side door to the garage , but it 's lock . Tyler continue through the backyard and we follow behind ... Tyler look through window of the house as kid be in the backyard swim , smoking , flow to music , etc ... soon , Tyler can see into the kitchen and he see alexis with she date . int . chang 's house - continuous Tyler make he way inside the house ... he watch alexis from a distance as she head upstairs with she date ... ryan ( 0.c. ) bruh - Tyler turn to see Ryan . ryan ( cont 'd ) tyler you mom just call I - she yeah , yeah . I talk to say some kind of family she . we good . want emergency - a beer ? uh - sure - you sure every - meet you outside . 47. Tyler head through the kitchen , past the dance floor , and towards the stair ... Tyler make he way up the stair ... the music continually build as Tyler get to the top of the stair to see alexis a er eat oo down a hallway and into a room . they close the door behind they , the camera push down the hallway past family photo ... the camera push back towards Tyler 's face as devastation build ... the music grow with Tyler 's hurt .... * note * this will _be one unbroken take from the time Tyler get out of he truck , until now . as the camera push down the hallway , the black bar at the top and bottom of the screen begin to close in ' be above it ( erol alkan rework ) 's by tame impala slam on . Tyler be drink even more in the kitchen . he do a shot and drink a beer as a chaser . now , there be a trippy strobe tight hit the dance floor . Tyler close he eye ... image flash through Tyler 's mind of he and alexis the last time they be in the ocean and in ove ... CUT to : int . tyler 's parent 's house - continuous the camera shoot through the house to find Catherine pace around on the phone . catherine no - the dance be over ! the house be further north . the camera continue to push past Catherine and toward a window , lead to the night ... int . ronald truck - continuous the camera pan from the night and through Ronald 's car to find he still drive , on the phone with Catherine . the camera continue to pan past Ronald and into the front windshield , so that we see he 's merge onto the same highway Tyler be on .. int . chang 's house - continuous Tyler shut a bathroom door and head to the toilet to pee ... '' +. soon , Tyler stumble up to the sink and wash he hand ... Tyler stare down at he hand and see he calluse be almost go . Tyler remember how much alexis hate they , because they make he hand rough ... 48 fps as Tyler slowly look up into the mirror ... ' ghost !' by kid cudi come on in the distance of the party . slow zoom as Tyler continue to stare at he own reflection . he loo $ terrible . a ghost of he former self ... * note * the black bar at the top and bottom of the screen have finish close in . we be now in 3.0: 1 aspect ratio 48 . int . downstair in santiago 's house - continuous we eeee Tyler walk through the party with the strobe light hit , everything in slow motion . the camera pan through the dance floor , with kid dance and sweat in slow motion , to find Emily sit on a couch at the back of the live room .......... eee e eee eeee Emily be sweat and try to cool down ... she watch the trippy strobe light bounce off the tile to create hallucinatory pattern ... she start to feel nauseous ... she look up and see Tyler stand in the corner of the live room .............. eee ec eee seeeee the camera push into a close up of Tyler . Tyler look up_at the top of the stair to see alexis exite the hallway from earlier and head to the stairss ........... 000 eeee - the hook hit and everything go back to real time as alexis walk downstairs . qyler keep he focus on alexis as she make she way into the kitchen . alexis seem to be look for drink in the kitchen fridge . she leave and head towards fhe back garage . Tyler follow at a distance ... Emily watch all of this unfold ... int . garage - continuous Tyler enter the garage and shut the door behind he . the music be off in the distance of the party now ... alexis get several wine cooler and then close the refrigerator door to see Tyler . she be shocked : alexis tyler what be you do here - should you be drink ? alexis ( cont 'd ) this be not for - you need to leave . tyler you tell you parent without talk to I ? alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) I - you block I ? I try to talk Tyler - to you and you block I - do you fuck he ? alexis ( cont 'd ) what ?! tyler you fuck he ? alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) what be you talk about ? you do . do not you ?! alexis ( cont 'd ) who ?! tyler alexis ( cont 'd ) how be he ? who ? ! 49 , tyler ( cont 'd ) I fuckin see you . I see you upstairs . alexis with who - franky ? franky have be one of my best friend since elementary school ! he go to cypress ! he 's gay , you idiot ! tyler bullshit ! alexis you would know that if you would listen to anything I say ! and this drink be not for I . they be for my friend upstairs - the friend you never take the time to hang out with , even though I would do whatever with you stupid friend ! you do not care about anyone but yourself ! that 's why I can ’t even talk to you ! tyler alexis ( cont 'd ) the fuck be you talk I be do ! I be do with you ! about ?!! we be over ! tyler ( cont 'd ) look- look- listen to I - lex we can keep it ! we can keep it ! we do not have to get a fuckin abortion - alexis fuck you ! you think I wanna have my baby with you ?! look at you ! tyler what you mean look at I ?! I be fuckin here for you bitch - alexis instantly slap Tyler across the face and push forward . alexis tyler ( cont 'd ) do not fuckin call I a bit - stop- stop ! alexis ( cont 'd ) I be do with you ! tyler what the fuck be you say ?! alexis try to go again and Tyler physically stop she . alexis pull free and slap Tyler again - tyler ( cont 'd ) alexis stop -— don't fuckin touch I ! tyler ( cont 'd ) fuckin bitch ! 50 . alexis fuck you ! alexis slap Tyler across the face again , even harder , and Tyler instantly react by throw a punch . in a split second , Tyler hit 's alexis across the face and she slip back . her head plunge into the floor - boom the screen go to black ..............0.- we can hear nothing but total silence ......... eee eee eee eee eee eee suddenly , we hold on Tyler 's face . the rage and hate begin to fall away , only to be replace with horror .... Tyler 's eye well up with water and tear fall ... he 's beginning to grasp the realization of what have happen ... for phe first time , the camera pan away from Tyler and we see alexis . alexis be on the floor , unconscious , with blood surround she head ... it 's utterly devastating ... Tyler walk over to alexis and cry over she body . Tyler be cry so much he almost look like a break child ... Tyler try to wake alexis up : tyler lexis .... lex ... please ... wake up wake up ! please ! lex .... I be sorry ... I be so sorry - all of a sudden , the door swing open . a girl be stand there in shock and then she let out a horrified scream ! * note * now in 1.33 : 1 aspect ratio and handheld int . chang 's house - continuous Emily be still sit on the not wal room couch when she hear the scream . she stand up and begin walk behind a bunch of kid , towards the garage ... more scream : random kide someone call the cop ! oh my GOD ! call 911 ! call a fucking ambulance ! Emily push through a horde of kid that be freaking out . 51 . soon , horror and devastation begin to fill Emily 's face . we see Emily 's point of view of a bloo y alexis on the ground . the camera pan leave to see the side door , lead outside , wide open ... ext . outside of chang 's house - continuous the camera be run behind Tyler as he approach he truck ... Tyler get in he truck and slam the door . int . tyler 's truck - continuous ler be still cry and in shock as he start up he truck and i row it in reverse - boom Tyler smashes into the car behind he . close up as Tyler put he truck in drive . ext . STREET - night we see a quiet , pitch black night ... in the distance we can hear a siren . the sound get louder until flash red and blue light illuminate the darkness . a ambulance begin to come into focus ... ' the star in his head ( Dark light remix ) 's by Colin stetson hit on as the camera be right in front of a speed ambulance ... int . tyler 's truck - continuous Tyler be speed through the street in he truck . he be scream in between tear : tyler what ’d I do ?! what the fuck did I do ?!! int . chang 's house - continuous Police and paramedics arrive on the scene and enter the house ... Emily ell out to they as she cry right next to alexis . alexis be still arely breathe . int . ronald 's car - continuous Ronald be finally arrive , and he see the flash siren . dread hit he right in he gut ... int . tyler 's truck - continuous Tyler be still speed . he be approach he neighborhood ... int . garage - continuous paramedics assist alexis and get she in a stretcher ... int . tyler 's parent 's house - continuous Tyler 's mom turn around to headlight shine through the front window . Catherine look out to see Tyler 's truck shoot into the driveway , almost hit she car . 52 . ext . chang 's house - continuous Ronald leave he car and head to the siren ... kid be cry in the front lawn and several recognize Ronald . Ronald be jook around , pigcing together the clue , yet praying that Tyler be never here and ad nothing to do with this ... ext . outside of tyler 's parent house - continuous qylex get out of he truck and run for he house . Catherine open the front door and immediately see the blood all over Tyler . catherine Tyler .... what happen ?! Tyler push past he mom and run up the stair . ext . chang 's house - continuous Ronald watch from a distance as a stretcher be move out of the garage and towards a ambulance ... Ronald get 's closer and focus to see it 's alexis , bloody and beat , on the stretcher . utter devastation fill Ronald 's face ... his worst nightmare be come true . int . elena and bobby 's house - continuous the phone ring and Elena jolt awake . Bobby be pass out , and a cooking show be on the television ... the phone ring again , and Bobby wake up : bobby elena who the hell - where 's alexis ?! int . ambulance - continuous alexis be strapped down in a speed ambulance . oxygen be be pump to she as paramedics work ... she 's grasp for life ... int . tyler 's room - continuous Tyler be in a terrify panic as he throw random stuff into he wrestle duffle bag . Catherine be bang and yell on the other side of the door ... ext . suburban STREET - continuous more police car be speed through the night . the camera track behind they ... ext . elena and bobby 's house - continuous Elena and Bobby now have some clothes on and they be hurry to they car ... ext . chang 's house - continuous Ronald finally find he daughter . Emily be sobbing . Ronald take he daughter in he arm and hold she tigh 's Emily be cry so hard that she can not even speak and tear stream down Ronald 's face . 53 . int . tyler 's parent 's house - continuous Tyler open the bedroom door and push past he mom . catherine stop ! stop ! Tyler run to the bottom of the stair to see siren flash outside . int . bobby 's car - continuous Elena be try to call people on she phone , and Bobby be speed through the street . ext . tyler 's parent 's house - continuous Tyler run out the back door with Catherine still scream behind he . cop siren illuminate the front of the house . Tyler run through the back yard . Tyler climb a fence and jump over it . int . hospital - continuous now , alexis be be rush through a hospital on a stretcher . ext . canal - continuous Tyler be run along a canal ... a cop car pull up on the street in front of Tyler and shine its spotlight . the music hard cut out . Tyler freeze and throw up he hand ... cop freeze !! put you hand behind you back !!! int . hospital - continuous close up of a ekg monitor and a pulse flatline ... beeeeeeeppppp int . waiting room of hospital - continuous Elena and Bobby be pace around the hospital ... a doctor approach . ext . chang 's house - continuous Ronald be still hold he daughter and they be cry together ... Friends of Tyler and alexis be cry ... ext . tyler 's parent 's house - continuous Catherine be cry while talk to police ... she watch a police car drive away ... int . police car - continuous close up on Tyler 's face , illuminate by the flash siren . Tyler be be haul away in the back of a police car . 54 . Tyler look up and stare directly into the lens . pain and remorse for 111 he face ... he be break . CUT to black : silence ... .-. and then , a piece of score like ' burial 's by mica Levi turn on as color , like the one that open the film , fade up and begin to merge in and out of each other . this be darker shade and hue . Red into black and dark blue ... 55 . fade in : int . ronald be car - late afternoon close up on , Emily 's face , stare directly into the lens . she be in the back seat of a car , deep in think and a intense sadness life in she eye ... we see Emily 's point of view and she be watch Ronald as he drive . Ronald look very different now . his strong confidence have be replace with something softer and vulnerable ... he seem to be hold onto big pain , but keep it at bay . Emily look over at Catherine in the passenger seat , but she can not see she mother 's face . there be total silence in the car , with a awful energy . everyone be in nice clothes , like they be go to a event that require formal wear , but they look exhaust and beat down . it feel like a good chunk of time have pass since we last see everyone ... Emily watch as Ronald take he hand and put it on top of Catherine 's for support . he hold she hand for only a moment , before she pull away ... Emily study Ronald 's profile . he look hurt , but have clearly accept this distance .... Emily look through the window and into the side mirror , so that she can see Catherine 's reflection . Catherine be numb , consume by dread . int . courthouse - later close up of Elena , as she address the court : elena ( 0.c. ) «+ . I remember every Sunday , I use to go into alexis 's room and wake she up . one thing that never change , from the time she be a little girl , until the time she be a young woman , be the look on she face when she wake up in the morning ... as soon as she open she eye , I could instantly see so much light and love . a face so excited to wake up and start the rest of she life ... i’1l never forget the last time I see my baby 's face ... I almost do not even recognize my own daughter ... ( more ) 56 . elena ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) lose you child be a nightmare I wish on no one , but I do not just lose my daughter , I also lose a grandchild ... now , Bobby be address the court : bobby ... when I think about how alexis die , the horror of it be overwhelming ... it be a all - consume horror which I constantly relive ... I feel physically and emotionally exhaust . as a father , I be not able to help my baby girl ... my daughter 's killer sit here before we today . you can see he face , but you can not see alexis 's . you can not see the fear that she must have have . you can not imagine the pain that she must have feel , and the pain that my family feel today ... we hold on the back of Tyler 's head ... he be silent , still , and lifeless ... CUT to : judge Mr. Williams , would you please stand ... Tyler and he lawyer stand up . judge ( cont 'd ) ... Tyler Williams , for you conviction of the offense of murder in the second degree , upon you plea of guilty ... it be the order of this court that you be sentence to the State correctional institution of Miami for the rest of you natural life . consistent with the requirement of the Florida constitution , that sentence be technically with mercy which make you eligible for parole after you have serve 30 year ... Elena , Bobby , and the rest of they family hug and cry . relieved they daughter 's killer be go to prison ... Tyler be escort out . Emily fight back tear and hurt ... Emily look over to see Catherine lean over , sobbing . Ronald be also cry . a piece of score like ' meditacion 3 's by sebastian escofet fade in . int . emily 's bedroom - later that day Emily be lay on she bed and cuddle with she disabled cat , b.k ... soon , b.k. look around like he hear something . he jump off the bed and shake he way out of the bedroom . 57 . int . upstair hallway - continuous Emily step into the hallway to see b.k. shaking towards the door of Tyler 's bedroom . Emily walk down the hallway and pick up b.k . she listen ... there be cry come from the other side of the door and it sound like Catherine . ext . STREET - morning Emily have she headphone in as she ride she bike ... int . highschool hallway - continuous Emily walk the hall with she headphone in . she keep to herself . int . cafeteria - continuous slow zoom as Emily enter the school cafeteria . she look around and focus on friend she know in the distance . they be all laugh and talk ... Emily leave the cafeteria . ext . courtyard of highschool - continuous Emily find a spot in the courtyard where she can be by herself . she sit down and open a book ... int . theater art CLASS - continuous Emily be sit in she theater class as mr . stanley speak : mr . stanley this be it , people . it 's the last tournament of the year , so anyone that need they credit better sign on up . it 's be a great year ... int . outside of theater CLASS —- continuous Emily finish signing a piece of paper hang on the wall in the hallway outside of Mr. stanley 's ... Emily be walk away , when she suddenly bump into a boy ( 17 ) : emily boy sorry - no ... my fault - Emily leave , but she turn around to see the boy watch she walk away . this be the wrestler that Tyler make bleed in wrestle practice , except he brace be go now and he hair be different ... ext . outside of stadium - continuous Emily walk past a empty school stadium . the same stadium where she use to practice drill with alexis and where Tyler would work out ... a few kid wear graduation outfit walk past Emily ... 58 . int . dentist office - continuous Emily be sit in a dentist chair , have she brace remove ... Emily examine she brace - less tooth in the mirror ... month ago , she would have be over the moon to have she brace go . currently , she can not even muster up a genuine smile , while stare back at she reflection ... int . emily 's bedroom - continuous Emily scan through comment on alexis 's instagram ... the text fill the screen : brittany ( text ) micheal ( text ) alexis , | remember when we meet water ski in dunedin on spring break . thank you for be a part of m life . od be hey lex it 's be awhile how have you be ? I be do well ... | think about you all the time . the other day | just remember that birthday party when you be a amazing person . lucky to have you by he side . we be both kid and we share that piece of cake ... anyway I will check ack soon . | miss and love you amanda ( text ) ilysm . happy birthday megan ( text think about you today alexis . Love you andrew ( a the most beautiful person | ever meet . hope you be have a party in heaven because if anyone deserve to go there it 's you . Emily go through article about everything that happen . we see that nearly half a year have pass since the tragedy ... Emily read the comment section and other social media : izzy santego ( text ) dis dude evil dean murray ( text ) pray for both family . so tragic donald C ( text ) this son of bitch deserve worse then prison . they should just execute he now so he can start he early rot in hell . toddles999 ( text ) omg i hope dey fry he or he be gang rapedevery day ilovepug ( text ) his whole family deserve to die more hateful word continue to fill the screen ... close up of Emily 's eye and a few tear run down she face . int . bathroom - continuous Emily turn on the shower and sit down under the water ... a deep rage rise to the surface as Emily continue to cry and clench she fist . for the first time , we see just how much anger , hurt , and pain she 's hold onto ... 59 . soon , the music fade away ... fade to black : int . classroom - day close up on a middle school boy : middle school boy deep into that darkness peer , long I stand there wonder , fear , doubting , dream dream no mortal ever dare to dream before ! but the silence be unbroken , and the stillness give no token , and the only word there speak be the whisper word , '' lenore ? '' ... close up on Emily , listen .... int . hallway of highschool - continuous Emily walk the hallway of she school ... since it 's a weekend , the hall be empty and Emily look at ease . Emily walk through the school cafeteria and then in the distance she see the same boy that she bump into before . Emily watch he from afar , until he turn he head towards she . Emily look away and leave ... ext . courtyard of highschool - continuous Emily read she book in a empty courtyard ... hey Emily look up to see the same boy from before : emily +.. hi. boy emily ( cont 'd ) do I bump into you the other day ? sorry - I do not wanna bug what ? you . boy ( cont 'd ) outside of Mr. stanley 's ? 5th period ? emily oh ... yeah . boy emily ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about that - no ... I be sorry . boy ( cont 'd ) «+ . be you judge or ? Emily nod and a awkward silence arrive .. 60 . emily yeah ... you ? boy yeah - I put it off all semester , so now I be here . emily same ... boy ... do you have a lot more today or ? emily . no ... just a lip sync final . boy nice. Nice ... it 's the same for I . I just have a improv final leave ... . it feel like the boy be over stay he welcome . why 's he even talk to Emily ? Emily 's energy no , no - boy ( cont 'd ) «+ . I be shocked it 's not raining . everyday at 3 . like clockwork . emily ++. yeah . boy .»+. it 's nice today , though . not , like , soul -crushingly hot . Little bit of a breeze ... hey , do you wanna maybe eat something to grab after this or ? suddenly shift and she give a awkward smile . emily «+ . you just say eat something to grab . boy I do ? shit ... I be a idiot . I mean grab something to eat . obviously - I be sorry . that 's weird . you do not even know I , and I be ask if you wanna get food - emily boy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry - emily ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . it 's fine ... I guess ... I could eat something to grab . the boy smile ... boy yeah ? 61 . Emily nod . emily boy ( cont 'd ) -.. where ? uh ... shit - I do not know . emily ( cont 'd ) «+ . we could go to that diner down the street . boy oh , yeah . sure . that sound great . emily cool. boy cool ... I be luke , by the way . emily Emily . luke awkwardly walk away and Emily study he ... ' moonlight serenade 's by Glen Miller come on . fade to : int . diner - continuous Emily and luke be sit at the same diner we be at before with Emily 's family . they be look at they menus and sit in silence . each not sure what to say ... emily luke «+. I be not really that no ? we could just split hungry - something ? emily ( cont 'd ) oh ... okay , sure . luke .»+. I be not gonna lie . I be not sure if you would actually show up . emily really ? why ? luke emily ( cont 'd ) I do not know ... I have just like I ? what be that never ask someone to hang suppose to mean ? out like that before ... someone like you - luke ( cont 'd ) no - just like ... you be so beautiful . I do not - you know - I be gonna shut up before I sound like a idiot . 62 . luke smile and look down at he menu . Emily study he genuine vulnerability for a beat and she lower she guard ...‘ what a difference a Day make 's by dinah Washington come on the jukebox . Emily listen ... emily «+. I love this song ... luke yeah ? luke listen ... luke ( cont 'd ) I do not know it - I mean , I be sure I have hear it , but I do not know what it be . sound old . emily it 's jazz . I grow up with this kinda music because of my grandparent . luke really ? that 's cool . emily yeah ... my grandpa use to stay up at night and listen to record , sometimes dance with my grandma . so I hear stuff like this all the time ... they be go now , though . luke I be sorry . emily it 's okay ... I still see my other grandma . luke yeah ? where 's she live ? emily in a retirement home ... she have dementia , so people have to take care of she and everything ... she still get around , though . luke what do you mean ? emily luke ( cont 'd ) they catch she sneaking into what ?! other man 's room at night - 63 . emily ( cont 'd ) yep . I think she 's look for my grandpa ... or maybe just someone to cuddle ... be you close with you grandparent ? luke yeah - on my mom 's side . emily not on you dad 's side ? luke I do not really know anyone on my dad 's side ... Emily notice a subtle energy shift at the mention of luke 's dad . luke ( cont 'd ) .«-. you would not wanna share a burger would you ? emily umm . I have not have a burger in forever ... you know what , yeah . I will share a burger . luke you sure ? I do not wanna burger pressure you . Emily shake she head and smile at the lame joke . luke ( cont 'd ) they be not bad here . I know the best burger spot , though . Le Tub in Hollywood . you know it ? emily no ... I do not think so . luke they have my favorite kind of burger . like a nice , big and fat , grill - in - you - backyard kinda burger . with cheddar cheese melt on . God ... so good . emily luke ( cont 'd ) that sound really good . you will love it . besides , I have be pig out now that season 's over . emily ( cont 'd ) you be in wrestle , right ? luke I be , indeed ... and how do you gather this information ? 64 . emily you mean , besides the fact that you just tell I ? luke ummm , no , I believe I say now that season 's over . that could be anything . emily luke ( cont 'd ) .+. I might have stalk you be that so ? a little on instagram after my lip sync final - emily ( cont 'd ) maybe ... and maybe twitter . luke have a huge grin . luke I be not gonna lie , I try to do the same thing with you , but I could not find anything . emily «+. I delete everything . luke really ? why ? emily «+ . why do you think ? luke I do not know ? that 's why I be ask . Emily 's energy shift . emily «+.. you know who my brother be , right ? luke sure. emily luke ( cont 'd ) ... people would send I the that 's fuck .... worst message ever - it be terrible - people can be asshole . emily ( cont 'd ) luke they both sit in silence for a beat . 65 . luke ( cont 'd ) «+. fuck they . Emily smile . emily «+. fuck they . now , luke smile . luke emily ( cont 'd ) fuck they good - fuck they good . Emily and luke smile and make awkward eye contact ... dissolve to : int . emily 's bedroom - continuous Emily sit on she computer and look at picture of luke online .... Emily lay in bed with b.k ... b.k. play with Emily 's hand ... Emily close she eye and we be suddenly in 2.40 : 1 aspect ratio with anamorphic lense as we see color beginning to form ... it feel like we be inside Emily 's subconscious and it 's search for light ... soon , a big beam of light fill the entire screen . Emily open she eye and sit up in bed ... a phone start to ring . * note * now , we stay in 2.40 : 1 with anamorphic lense ' Loch raven 's by Animal collective begin to fade in ... int . highschool hallway - day camera spin around Emily to see she be stand in the hallway , outside of Mr. stanley 's , when she turn around to see luke approach with a smile ... soon , Emily and luke exchange number . emily ( v.o. ) hello ? luke ( v.o. ) hey . ext . courtyard of highschool - continuous Emily and luke be have lunch together in the school courtyard . we can hear voice over from they phone conversation : luke ( v.o . ) ++. College terrify I . it 's like signing up you life for something you do not even know if you 'il like . 66 . int . hallway of highschool - continuous Emily and luke be walk down the hallway together , talk and enjoy each other 's company ... luke ( v.o. ) I do not know ... I love act , but everyone in theater be so extra . it 's not I , and I feel like college will just be worse . my mom want I to go to school for economics or something practical . I just feel like , fuck practical . you know ? why can not I be a fuckin astronaut if I want to ? int . emily 's bedroom - continuous Emily be lay on she bed , talk on the phone with luke . she have she foot propped up on one of she bed post . there be a slight phallic shape to the tip of the post ... emily luke ( phone ) it 's stupid , but ever since I it 's not cheesy ! why be that be a little girl , I have have a cheesy ? fantasy of be a ballerina . it 's cheesy , I know - emily ( cont 'd ) luke ( phone ) ( cont 'd ) it 's such a cliche ! who care ! int . le tub - continuous luke and Emily be at the burger spot that luke recommend . they table be over the water , and they be chow down on a delicious - look cheeseburger ... int . ronald 's car - continuous Ronald be drive Emily through a parking lot . he be give she a drive lesson and talk about how to use you mirror ... Ronald 's energy and demeanor be very different than they use to be . he 's softer , less put together than he be and it go past the fact that he 's different with Emily than he be with Tyler . int . emily 's bathroom - continuous Emily stare at she reflection in the mirror and examine she body ... she suck in she belly , grab the skin under she arm , etc .... she 's not pleased with what she see ... ext . canal - sunset Emily look out at the water . we can see a hint of something swim . luke manatee ! 67 . emily ( v.o. ) I really wanna do something with animal . I love animal ... ext . everglade zoo - continuous Emily and luke eat alligator while a peacock hang out near by ... luke slip try to look at baby duck and Emily crack up ... they go to a tiny zoo and see albino alligator , bird , etc . luke ( v.o. ) emily ( v.o . ) so , you wanna be a vet ? I think so . or , work at a zoo or something . Emily and luke be walk further apart and then they come together . Emily reach over and hold luke 's hand as they walk ... int . grandma's retirement home - continuous Emily be visit she grandma . Emily hold she grandmother 's hand and run she hand through she hair . Emily 's grandmother just laugh and look back at Emily ... ext . jackson - sunset - continuous luke and Emily be get ice cream at a local ice cream spot . emily ( v.o. ) I love elephant and giraffe . cow , manatee ... all animal , really . I have a cat ! Emily and luke walk down the street together , eat they ice cream and play around ... int . ronald car -—- continuous Ronald be still try to teach Emily how to drive , but this time she be behind the wheel ... ext . canal - sunset Emily and luke be walk along the canal . luke I fuck love manatee . they be like if cow and elephant have baby that live in the water . emily luke ( cont 'd ) I know , right ? so freaking we should go see they . cute . I love they fat little body and goofy face . emily ( cont 'd ) we just do . 68 . luke I mean , like , go north and swim with they and stuff . you be to the spring up there much ? emily not really . luke we should go ! we can see manatee and kayak ! emily luke ( cont 'd ) and how would we do that ? my what do you mean ? it 's parent - — summer . I have a car . we can go anywhere we want ! int . grandma 's retirement home - continuous now , we see that Catherine and Ronald be with Emily and grandma . grandma be still stare at Emily : grandma beautiful ... be not she just beautiful ? ronald she be ... Catherine just nod . Emily look over and make eye contact with Catherine for a beat . Catherine look totally different than she use to . there seem to be a numb void below the surface . she almost look cold and lifeless ... Emily hold she gaze , until Catherine can not take it anymore and she look away ... there be a clear , unspoken tension between they and neither one will address it . grandma I would give more than a nickel to look as beautiful as she do when I be she age . catherine you be beautiful at she age . do not you remember ? grandma yeah ? catherine yeah . that 's when you meet dad . remember ?.. remember meeting dad and fall in love before the war ? grandma yeah ? 69 . catherine yeah ... it do not click for grandma . Catherine just stare at she mother ... ronald ( to grandma ) do you remember that Emily be learn how to drive ? she 's gonna have you car soon ... grandma laugh . not really understanding anything , but be a sweetheart about it ... then , a moment of clarity : grandma ... what about Tyler ? a silent tension fill the room ... then , Catherine kneel down . catherine ..-. he can not come anymore , mama ... grandma well , why not ? catherine just ... he just can not ... and I be sorry we have not be back in so long ... it 's be really hard lately ... grandma stare and smile . Catherine just study she mother for a beat . she look at she old skin and hand ... Emily study Catherine ... Catherine 's eye begin to well up and grandma notice : grandma what 's wrong ? catherine I just ... I love you , mamma . grandma I love you , too , baby . a few tear fall down Catherine 's face as she stand and try to compose herself . Ronald put a hand on Catherine 's shoulder . it seem to only make Catherine uncomfortable . grandma look up at Ronald : grandma ( cont 'd ) this handsome man ... you better keep you eye on ‘em . grandma lean in close to Ronald . grandma ( cont 'd ) what do you say we get out of here ? just you and I ? 70 . ronald catherine oh - Mom ! that 's you son - in- law . grandma catherine ( cont 'd ) what ? he 's you son-in- law ! grandma just laugh . memory totally go again ... int . downstair - day Emily sit in the kitchen by herself , eat a apple ... Emily look at the old piano Tyler use to play ... close up of picture that Emily be study . we see Emily 's other grandparent , the one on Ronald 's side . Ronald 's father be ina clerical collar and speak to a congregation . Emily go through another box of photo . she find a family photo of Tyler and she as child with Ronald and they biological mother . Emily study the photo ... ext . STREET - day Emily ride she bike with she earbud in .... int . shopping mall - day Emily look at different dress , swimsuit , underwear , etc ... she go to a makeup store and try different makeup ... int . emily 's bathroom - day Emily watch porn on she phone , in the bath ... she shave she leg and trim up down below ... Emily pick up b.k. and dance with he as she sing to the music ... Emily do she hair in the mirror ... she put on she new black and yellow dress ... she smell she armpit and add deodorant ... pluck she eyebrow ... Emily stare at she reflection and make different pose ... emily ( to b.k . ) what do you think ? yes or no ? b.k. just stare and shake ... emily ( cont 'd ) thank you , b.k. very encourage ... int . luke's jeep -—- continuous luke be drive and Emily be riding shotgun : 71 . luke emily I be seriously cool with let 's do it . I want to ... I whatever . it 's whatever you just have not do anything wanna do . fun in so long ... do you have a fake or ? luke ( cont 'd ) no - I be get one , though . Real legit . they be alter my actual license - this fuck guy - what be you do ?! go ! luke honk he horn and the car in front of he go . luke ( cont 'd ) yeah - I have to claim I lose it and get a new one ... we can just go to speedy 's , though . wally always sell , unless he mom 's work . emily cool ... luke emily ( cont 'd ) I like that dress , by the really ?? way . luke ( cont 'd ) yeah . you look great ... like a lil bumblebee . emily luke ( cont 'd ) be that a good thing ??! yes ! seriously - you look great ! CUT to : ' how great 's by chance the rapper turn on . Emily watch from inside luke 's jeep as luke busy beer from speedy 's . it 's the same guy that sell vodka to Tyler ... soon , luke return to put the beer in a cooler , in the trunk , and he get in the jeep . CUT to : now , luke and Emily be on the road ... emily ( cont 'd ) luke ( cont 'd ) no , no . it 's interesting - be you religious ? emily ( cont 'd ) yeah , I be Christian ... we grow up with it . my dad 's dad be a minister and everything . 72 . luke emily ( cont 'd ) that 's cool . I hope I do not no , not at all . I hate when offend you or anything when I people be judgemental about would not shut up - that stuff or think you be evil if you view be different - luke ( cont 'd ) amen ! Emily laugh . emily .-+. I have not really be to church in a while ... I think my dad go by himself now . I do not know . it 's weird ... luke turn up the music ... luke -+.. wait for it ... just wait ... the beat hit . Emily and luke nod they head and smile . ext . three sister spring - later the music carry over as Emily and luke walk down a boardwalk . at the end of it be a beautiful clear water spring , full of manatee ... we go underwater and the gentle sea cow just float around ... int . luke's jeep -—- continuous luke and Emily be drive again , head to another spring . they pass the i-4 eyesore ... ext . wekiva island - continuous Emily and luke walk through wekiva island . it 's basically a bar and kayak rental place combine ... Emily and luke kayak down the spring . luke open the beer and give one to Emily ... they see a alligator in the distance , fish swim , etc ... it be beautiful . after awhile , Emily and luke tie up they kayak . they meet college kid who be smoking and drink next to the water . the college kid offer up a hit of they blunt they be pass around . Emily and luke both smoke some ... Emily climb a tree and jump into the water . when she hit the water , ' Florida 's by Frank Ocean hit on ... CUT to : now , Emily and luke share a beautifully sloppy first kiss . the camera hang back as they limb splash around in the water ... 73 . soon , they be swim with manatee and kayake in the rain ... dissolve to ... sunlight be shine through window , it 's beautiful outside . the camera push down a hallway , towards a crack door ... we continue to push through the crack door and into Tyler 's bedroom . to we surprise , Tyler be sit on he bed , with he back face we ... Tyler slowly turn he head around and look back at we ... CUT to : Emily 's eye snap open and she breathes heavy ... she recover from she dream and reality hit . she have a mother of hangover . * note * now back to spherical 2:40.1 int . emily 's bathroom - continuous Emily sit on she toilet , hungover ... she look into the toilet and see blood . to top off how shitty she feel , she period have arrive ... int . kitchen - later Emily chug some water from the fridge ... she listen and can hear Ronald in the distance ... ronald ( 0.s . ) --+. will you just talk to I ?... Catherine ... Emily leave the kitchen and walk to a hallway . she look down the hall to see she parent bedroom door open . Ronald be stand and Catherine be lay down with she back face we . the camera slowly zoom in ... ronald ( cont 'd ) you be not the only one go through this thing ... you hear what I be say ? catherine ronald I do not know what you want from I ... what do you want ? catherine I just want sleep . ronald look ... I be try ... 74 . catherine '' ronald catherine ( cont 'd ) .-+.- a husband should be I can not do this right now . allow to touch he wife - ronald ( cont 'd ) then , when can you ? catherine .»+. you bring this up now ? with every thing else . ronald we both know it start before ... it 's just get worse . Catherine finally sit up in bed , still with she back to we , but we can feel frustration building . catherine unbelievable . ronald what ? catherine ronald what ?... say it . catherine ronald really ?... nothing - Catherine finally turn around , simmer with anger . catherine sorry if I do not wanna fuck you right now ! in case you have not notice , there be more important thing go on ! that 's the last thing either one of we should be think about - it 's insulting . ronald it 's not just sex - you be not here , cath ! you be not ... this be not a family anymore . we still have responsibility - still have a daughter to think about . 75 . catherine ronald ( cont 'd ) still have a daughter ?! where what 's that suppose to be you ?! what be you do mean ?! for she ?! catherine ( cont 'd ) it be the same then - you be never there - not really ... pop in to be the good guy - Left I with everything else . ronald catherine ( cont 'd ) that 's not true - no ? it 's not ? you push he too far and never do enough it be different with Tyler - for she - you know that ! I raise they the best I know how - and you never listen ! never listen to anyone ! ronald ( cont 'd ) at least I be here ! where be you ?! I be try to hold this family together - where you at ?! catherine everyone grieve in they own way ... once again , you only see yours . ronald that 's not fair ... I have do nothing , but be here for you . catherine ... I can not be around you ... make I sick ... ronald «+. I make you sick ? catherine wee I can not look at you and not think of he ... this hit Ronald deep . he 's speechless ... Catherine wipe away tear and head to the bathroom . she close the door behind she . Ronald sit down on the bed , alone , and take everything in ... luke ( v.o . ) .+. my mom 's the best ... she 's the fuck best . I mean she drive I crazy , but she 's amazing ... 76 . int . luke 's jeep - sunset luke be drive and Emily be riding shotgun as they move through the everglade . emily yeah ? you seem really close . luke I mean - she 's like my best friend . not my best friend , but you know what I mean . yeah - we be close . emily that 's nice ... luke what about you ? be you close with you mom ? emily .-. not really . luke shit . that suck . emily ... have you tell she about I ? luke who ? my mom ? Emily nod . luke ( cont 'd ) emily as a matter a fact , I have - really ? luke ( cont 'd ) yep . emily what have you say ? luke I do not know ... that I meet this amazing girl . Emily smile for a beat , then she energy shift . emily «+ . do you tell she who I be ? luke Nah - not yet ... emily you just tell she you meet a amazing girl ? that 's it ? luke shake Emily - 77 . luke no . I mean - I tell she about you . I just do not get into everything . emily +. everything . luke emily it 's okay . I do not blame you . he head . emily ( cont 'd ) - oeee what about you dad ? luke .«-. I do not really wanna talk about my dad . emily ... why not ? luke what be this ? emily what ? luke emily what ? luke why be you do this ? emily look who 's talk - what be I do ? luke emily ( cont 'd ) what ?? please tell I what I be do . luke ( cont 'd ) emily luke ( cont 'd ) --. I just wanna know something about you dad . but why be you push ?? I be not - he 's you dad - he 's a asshole . 78 . emily ( cont 'd ) okay . why 's he a asshole ? luke emily ( cont 'd ) fuck - what ? luke ( cont 'd ) you do not wanna hear I talk about my fuckin dad . emily luke ( cont 'd ) yeah , I do . no . you do not . emily ( cont 'd ) please do not tell I how I feel . luke well , I do not make you talk about shit you do not wanna talk about - do I ?? I do not bring up you fuckin brother ! emily luke ( cont 'd ) hey - that 's not fair ! that 's how do you know ?! not the same thing - Emily let it out : emily ( cont 'd ) you wanna go there ?! I think about what he do every day ! every day - you know what it 's like to be I ?! no one talk to I - no one look at I - no one see I anymore - they look at I and they see my brother . you have no idea what my life be ! silence ... luke try to figure out how to respond as Emily wipe away a few tear . he 's certainly never see this side to she ... luke emily ( cont 'd ) .+. hey ... you be right ... no - it 's just ... this be a it 's shitty of I to do that - bad idea - luke ( cont 'd ) what be ? emily I just wanna go home . luke emily ( cont 'd ) come on - this be stupid - luke ( cont 'd ) Emily - I be sorry . seriously . 79 . Emily shake she head . emily luke emily ( cont 'd ) look , you wanna know why I no - you seriously do not have do not talk about my dad ? to talk about he . I should not have - luke ( cont 'd ) it 's cause I hate he . he 's a piece of shit with cancer . emily what ? he have cancer ? luke he have it come . trust I . he 's just not a part of my life anymore ... half the time he be drunk or on some kind of drug ... one time , he pawn all the furniture in we house ... when I be a kid , after they be split , I see he beat my mom just because she want to take I to she family for Christmas . I see he break she arm and pull she by she fuck hair to throw she out of the apartment . and I be just a kid , so I could not do anything . emily luke ( cont 'd ) oh my god - it be terrifying ... after that , I have to have supervise visit with he . then he be good , until he fall off again , and he always do . eventually , my mom cut off we relationship ... emily ( cont 'd ) .+. when be the last time you talk to he ? luke I do not know ... like , 8 year ago or something . emily ... be you gonna talk to he ? luke no ... I be not . emily .+. I wish I could talk to my mom . 80 . luke you do not talk to she ? emily no ... she 's dead . luke ah - shit . I be so sorry . emily it 's okay . my stepmom be really my mom . she 's the one that raise we , at least ... we only see we biological mom when we be kid , then she just abandon we . I find out she die a few year ago ... she have be write I letter and call I to try and get in touch again , too . I just ignore she ... I remember she try to call I the day before she die and I do not pick up ... I think about that a lot ... like if I just would have answer my stupid phone , maybe she have still be alive . luke you can not do that to yourself . emily she be never there for we so why do she expect I to be there for she ?...... she be like you dad , though - a addict ... when she overdose , my dad do not want to claim she body or pay for a service or anything and she do not die in Florida so I could not do anything even if I want to ... it just suck . I do not even know what happen to she body . luke shit ... emily so ... I know how you feel , but I still wish I would have talk to my mom before it be too late ... luke emily ( cont 'd ) yeah ... I hear you ... hey - no , no - I be the one that 's I be really sorry for - sorry . seriously ... «+. luke look down as the gps on he phone . luke ( cont 'd ) «+ . ugh . we still have two hour to go ? I figure we be closer than that ... Emily pick up she phone and scroll through it for a beat ... she pick a song . ' bluish 's by Animal collective turn on . 81 . emily ( cont 'd ) emily ++. you know this ? luke ... no ... what be it ? sound just listen ... weird - we_listen ..... the first verse come _in and Emily sing along to it : emily ( cont 'd ) I be get lose in you curlss ... a grin take over luke 's face . Emily turn to look at he while she continue to sing : emily ( cont 'd ) I be draw picture on you skin , twirl . I like you look when you I know I should not say so but when like a cat I be beam . I like the so soft it get meannn . you claw I way you squeeze my handddd . pull I into another dream , a lucid dream ... now , luke and Emily have huge smile . emily ( cont 'd ) it 's a love song ! luke okay , okay ... Emily go back to sing . we listen ..... the chorus hit : emily ( cont 'd ) put on the dress that I likeee ! it make I so crazy though I can not say whyyyyyyy ! keep on you stocking for awhileeeee . some kind of magic in the way you be lie there ! CUT to : now , they drive through the night as Emily do she makeup and try to get ready the best she can in luke 's jeep ... luke no , you do not ! you do not even need any makeup , and I love you hair like - I be serious ! emily ( cont 'd ) ugh . I look like crap - oh , shut up ! int . abandoned house - continuous now , Emily and luke be hang out with luke 's friend in a abandon house . 82. his friend have a totally different vibe than Tyler 's . people be smoking and talk , etc ... soon , two more friend arrive with a bag . luke turn to Emily : luke emily we totally do not have to do what be it ? that - luke ( cont 'd ) it 's x . I have they get some in case , but seriously - it 's whatever you want to do . no pressure at all . ext . backyard of abandoned house - continuous Emily and luke be outside , alone . they be lay down in a abandon pool , stare at the night sky ... Emily begin rub she thumb and finger together . luke I miss the manatee ... emily God . this feel so good . do this with you hand . luke do the same . luke emily ( cont 'd ) shit- that feel awesome - feel so good . luke roll on he side to face Emily . he run he hand down Emily 's arm and twirl he finger through she skin . emily ( cont 'd ) that feel amazing ... Emily roll over to face luke . emily ( cont 'd ) '' + I like you so much - luke emily ( cont 'd ) I like you - so much - you do not understand - luke ( cont 'd ) look at you hair . look how beautiful you fuck hair be ... and you eye . you lip . you be so beautiful . oh my god you be beautiful . I wanna kiss you so fuck bad right - Emily lean in and kiss luke . they make out in the empty pool ..... 83. ext . golf course - continuous the chorus return as Emily and luke run through a empty golf course ... the sprinkler turn on and Emily jump on luke 's back until they fall ... they roll around through grass and water and crack up as they wrestle with each other ... soon , they be aggressively make out ... int . luke's jeep - continuous ' pretty Little bird 's by sza cut on . we see slow mo image of street light and the night pass by . CUT to : now , they be at the same drive - through Tyler use to go to . Emily smell a vick inhaler in the passenger seat and thoroughly enjoy it . luke what do you want ? Emily «+ . I wanna be bad . luke ( cont 'd ) then be bad ! emily drive -through voice okay ... okay ... I be gonna do - hello ? luke drive -through voice ( cont 'd ) one sec- what ? Emily yell over luke : emily I want a double cheese crunch burger with extra cheese sauce and bacon ! luke look simultaneously surprised and impressed by Emily 's order . Emily shoot back a cute , mischievous grin ... soon , Emily and luke be chow down on they burger while drive ... Emily look over at luke , she have cheese sauce on she face and some on she shirt . luke crack up . emily ( cont 'd ) luke do you wanna go bowl ?!! hell yes I do ! int . bowling alley - later Emily and luke bowl and have a blast ... they play video game , etc ... 84 . int . luke's jeep - continuous luke be drive and then pull over , not far from Emily 's ... soon , Emily and luke be make out inside the jeep . luke feel up Emily , and she unbutton he pants ... ext . outside of emily 's house - continuous Emily and luke quietly approach the back door to Emily 's . emily luke the dog sleep in my parent 's okay , okay ... room , so we have to be really quiet - int . emily 's parent 's house - continuous Emily and luke creep in and close the back door ... it 's pitch black . luke bump into the kitchen table and they quietly laugh . int . emily 's bedroom Emily be under the cover and luke be try to get a condom on ... emily luke do you get it ? one sec ... okay . luke get on top of Emily . Emily smile and then kiss luke ... they continue to kiss , and then slowly , they begin to have sex ... it 's awkward , since it 's they first time together , but it 's also sweet and kinda romantic . in no time , luke come . luke ( cont 'd ) emily ( cont 'd ) fuck - I be sorry - I be - no , no . Emily kiss luke more and then smile ... they look at each other for a beat ... luke get up , still naked , and hurry over to the bathroom . he fumble around in the dark : emily ( cont 'd ) luke ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?? where 's the light ? emily ( cont 'd ) it 's out here . luke peek he head outside of the bathroom door . luke sorry ... I do not want you to see my butt . emily luke ( cont 'd ) what ?! it 's embarrassing ... I have a skinny ass . Emily crack up . 85 . luke ( cont 'd ) emily ( cont 'd ) it 's not funny ! I be sorry - I be sorry ! they crack up together ... CUT to : now , luke be go . Emily be cuddle up in bed with b.k. and texting with luke . luke ( text ) ( cont 'd ) emily ( text ) ( cont 'd ) | wish | be lay next to you right now . yes . | just want you to cuddle I :) | wanna fall asleep with you in my arm :) the music be fade down and out ... fade to black ... int . dmv - day Emily be look right into the camera . dmv worker to the leave ... a bit more ... there we go . flash close up of Emily 's new driver 's license . Emily just stare at it for a beat as the dmv Worker do more paper work ... ext . beach - later in the day Emily sit at a dock with Ronald . they both have fishing pole in they hand and look at peace . it 's a beautiful day . ronald I do not think you have be fishing with you daddy since you be a little girl ... Emily smile . ronald ( cont 'd ) + . thank you for come . I just wanna apologize ... feel like we have not speak in so long , and I be responsible for that . emily you do not have to apologize for anything . 86 . ronald well - I do not even know what 's really go on with you . emily ronald how be you do with everything ? emily I be fine ... ronald you know ... it 's okay if you be not ... you can tell I anything . you know that , do not you ? emily yeah ... ronald .«.. I worry about you . emily dad - you do not have to worry about I ... how be you do with everything ? Ronald look a bit surprised at he daughter 's gesture . ronald «+. well ... it 's be hard ... have not it ? Ronald and Emily look at each other , and Emily nod . they both know the intense pain they have feel ... Ronald look off over the water . clearly more on he mind ... ronald ( cont 'd ) «+ . I do not know how to connect with you mother anymore ... Emily look a bit surprised that she dad be open up and talk about this . emily ... what do you mean ? ronald emily ( cont 'd ) .».. can barely look at I ... she do not hate you . wont talk to I ... I think she hate I . I really do - ronald ( cont 'd ) I do not know what else to do . she 's just shutting down ... she 's not work - could not , even if she want to . the company will not recover ... ( more ) 87 . ronald ( cont 'd ) we be just lose money ... just - I love she so much , but I be lose she and I do not know what to do ... I be sorry - I be sorry - emily what ? why be you sorry ? ronald emily ( cont 'd ) I should not be tell you no - all this - ronald ( cont 'd ) I just have no one else to talk to . emily no - it 's good , dad . I be happy you be tell I this . ronald yeah ? emily yeah .... Emily look out , over the water ... clearly more on she mind ... emily ( cont 'd ) .+.. I should have stop it . ronald stop what ? what do you mean ? emily -.-.- I be there . I see he follow she , and I do nothing - I know it , too ... I have that feel , and I just froze - ronald emily ( cont 'd ) baby - if I just would have get up . I could have stop it , and she would still be here - tear flow down Emily 's face as pain and regret come to the surface . ronald ( cont 'd ) hey. listen to I . this be not you fault . emily ronald ( cont 'd ) it be - no . it 's not . and you can not blame yourself . you do not do this . you brother do - emily ( cont 'd ) I hate he . 88. ronald emily ( cont 'd ) baby - I hate he so much , dad ! he 's evil . what he do be evil ... he 's a monster . ronald ( cont 'd ) baby - you can be angry . and you should be ... but you brother be not a monster , and he 's not evil . he 's just a human be . same flesh and blood as you and I . you can hate he all you want , but let I tell you something . that hate will swallow you up . it will swallow you . it will swallow you like it do you brother and you be not you brother . you be you . no one can take that away from you ... Emily continue to cry while a few tear run down Ronald 's face . ronald ( cont 'd ) I know the pain you be in . trust I . I know it . Lord know I have hold on to too much hate , myself ... I think about you brother everyday ... thing I could have do ... but we can not change it ... all we have be now and I be tell you this , because I love you - holding on to so much hate will destroy a person , and I be not about to let it destroy you ... you have so much love to give to this world , and you have so much life to live ... you remember some of papa 's favorite scripture ? Emily nod through tear . ronald ( cont 'd ) hatred stir up strife , but love ... Love cover all offense ..... I love you so much , baby . emily I love you too , daddy - Ronald let go of he fishing pole and wrap he arm around he daughter . Emily squeeze back . ' seigfry 's by Frank Ocean come on . int . emily 's car - sunset Emily and Ronald drive home , but this time , Emily be behind the wheel .... the window be down , and Ronald look out at a beautiful sunset . he take it in for a moment , and then he turn and watch he daughter drive . she 's become a young woman right before he eye . Ronald just smile and take in the moment ... Emily look back at she dad , and she can feel he love . Emily smile ... 89 . int . emily 's bathroom - night close up of a phone in a glass with ' seigfry 's still play . Emily and luke be sit across from each other on each end of the bath tub ... they limb be intertwined and the tub be fill with water as they sit in silence , listen to the music ... emily +. what be you think ? luke «+. nothing ... emily come on ... tell I . luke emily ( cont 'd ) .+. the hospital where my really ?? what have they say ? dad 's at call today - luke ( cont 'd ) I do not know ..... they do not think he have much longer . emily oh my god - do they know how long ? luke emily ( cont 'd ) they do not think long at all . like , they do not think he 'il what ?! what be you gonna do ? make it past the week - luke ( cont 'd ) what do you mean ? emily you have to see he . luke emily ( cont 'd ) what ? seriously . luke ( cont 'd ) no - I do not wanna see he ... besides , my mom would never let I do that . emily have you talk to she ? I mean , she do not have to know . luke emily ( cont 'd ) okay - I be serious . luke ( cont 'd ) and how be I suppose to get there ? 90 . emily what do you mean ? luke emily ( cont 'd ) he 's in Missouri - Missouri ?? luke ( cont 'd ) and my car 's still in the shop . emily then , we can take mine . luke what ? emily it 's summer . I have a car . we can go anywhere we want ! we will make it a road trip . luke emily ( cont 'd ) come on - I be serious . you have to see you dad . you will seriously regret it if you do not . luke ( cont 'd ) Emily grab she phone that 's on the side of the tub . luke ( cont 'd ) emily what be you do ? that 's so weird . why 's he in Missouri ? luke ( cont 'd ) I do not know ... apparently , he be drive truck and get in a accident . get strand there . emily what city ? luke I do not know - I think Columbus or Columbia or something ... emily it 's a long drive , but I bet we can get there in two day . we can leave tomorrow . maybe stop along the way to break up the drive . luke how be we gonna even afford that ? Gas and hotel be gonna cost a lot of money - 91 . emily ( cont 'd ) we can make it work . sleep in the car , if we have to . I also have money save . I have this savings account I have not touch with money from social security after my mom die ... can you make up a excuse for you mom ? luke ( cont 'd ) I do not know ... maybe I could think of something ... you ? emily I use to go to my friend 's parent 's beach house in the key . I can say I be go there . honestly , I think my parent would just be happy I be see friend again . luke luke sit and think . luke ( cont 'd ) «+. okay . '' + . let 's do it . emily okay ?? yay !! luke and Emily just stare at each other and smile ... emily ( cont 'd ) ++. come over here . luke where ? emily luke ( cont 'd ) right here - over there ? Emily smile and nod ... luke scoot towards Emily and she come to meet he in the middle of the tub ... they just stare and smile at each other . study each other 's face , eye , etc ... it 's so obvious they be in love ... the music grow and they kiss . int . emily 's car — continuous CUT to : the camera spin around , inside Emily 's car , to reveal luke riding shotgun and Emily drive ... the camera continue to spin ina dizzying 360 that remind we of alexis and Tyler ... 92 . Emily and luke be have a blast as they sing to the music , pump each other up , and play around ... frank ocean ( in song ) it 's a loop .... and the other side of the loop be a loop ... this be not my life ... it 's just a fond farewell to a friend ... int . NORTH florida tourist area - later that day the music continue as Emily and luke chase each other through a theme park with the camera run behind to catch up ... they ride the Orlando Eye and watch mermaid perform underwater ... they go through a skeleton museum with skeleton of all kind of animal and insect ... they walk through a aquarium fill with underwater life and color ... ext . NORTH florida beach - day the music cut out and we hear the sound of wave as we be in the ocean , underwater . Emily be just float through the water with she eye close . she be totally still and look lifeless ... all of a sudden , Emily scream into the camera , and we rise above water with she . Emily and luke laugh as they play through the wave on the beach ... Emily and luke walk along the beach and look for different shell ... Emily watch a little girl play in the wave with she mom ... luke turn to see a small wedding be set up . some wood post with a veil , no more than six chair , and a steel drum player . it 's a extremely tiny venue , but cute ... soon , the bride and groom walk the sand aisle and the wedding begin . luke and Emily watch from they beach towel . score being to build and take over ... emily they do not look much older than we .... int . emily 's car — continuous Emily and luke be drive again ... away from the beach . we can see the landscape shift as they cross different state line . from Georgia , to Atlanta and Nashville ... we see Emily and luke in a variety of different place . Gas station , antique store , etc ... they buy sunflower seed , Red bull , chip , and condom ... they go through a antique store and see old picture , jewelry , and painting . a older white couple , who seem to run the store , stare at Emily and luke several beat too long ... they fill up at a variety of gas station ... they watch firework go off in a field ... Emily drive while luke try to go down on she ... soon , it 's night time and Emily and luke be cuddle up in the back seat , try to sleep ... later , we see a sunrise in fog , deer run ... then , it 's sunset and Emily watch luke hang he hand out the window . luke 's hand go up and down , through the wind , like wave . soon , Emily 's car drive past a sign : '' welcome to Missouri '' 93 . int . emily 's car - later that night now , the music be fade away ... Emily look tired as she drive . luke be sleep , and then wake up from the sound of thunder outside . luke ... Babe ... where be we ? ext . hospital - later that night crane shot as we track Emily 's car as it drive through the rain , towards a hospital , and park ... zoom into the roof . int . emily 's car — continuous Emily and luke be get ready to leave the car . luke pause for a beat and stare at the hospital ... he look extremely nervous . int . hospital - night camera pan through a large hospital and then track behind Emily and luke as they approach elevator ... they enter and Emily push the button for the 7th floor . luke emily what room do they say ? 709 . the camera hold on Emily and luke as the elevator go higher and higher ... Emily study luke as he look more and more nervous ... the elevator reach the 7th floor and the door open . we follow behind as they head down another hallway . Emily wrap she hand around luke 's ... soon , they be outside of room 709 . Emily go to open the door . luke ( cont 'd ) wait - I think I be gonna be sick . Emily stop as luke bend down into the wall . he look like he 's on the verge of a mini panic attack . emily luke ( cont 'd ) be you okay ?? want I to get no - no . just wait ... a nurse or - luke breathes heavy as Emily rub he back . emily ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... everything 's gonna be okay ... he can not hurt you anymore . luke 's breathe begin to steady from Emily 's support ... he stand back up and regains control ... luke nod and then head for the door . * note * this will all be one unbroken take . from the time they enter the hospital , until now 94 , int . hospital room - continuous luke enter the room and he 's instantly stunne . he see he dad for the first time in 8 year and it 's not what he expect . luke 's dad be sit back in a hospital bed . he 's so skinny and deplete that he look incredibly fragile , like a old man on he death bed . it 's devastating to see someone so close to death , yet still grasp for life . all that year of pent up pain , fear , and animosity seem to vanish from luke . this be not the '' asshole '' he remember . luke 's father «+. Son ? luke ... hey , dad ... luke walk over to he dad 's hospital bed . luke 's father struggle forward and open he arm for a hug . luke return the hug and wrap he arm around he father to feel he fragile frame . luke 's father speak in hushed tone because it 's hard to talk . lukea father my son ... my son ... I miss you ... luke .+. I miss you , too ... luke and he dad cry a bit and hug each other for a good minute before they let go ... Emily 's eye well up , as she watch in silence . luke ( cont 'd ) dad ... this be my girlfriend , Emily . Emily give luke 's dad a hug . luke 's father -.. beautiful ... int . hospital room - later now , the light be dim and luke 's father be sleep in pain . the camera pan to a small visitor 's bed in the corner to find Emily and luke lay together ... Emily lay in luke 's arm as they both try to sleep , but luke 's eye be open , mind racing . emily luke please - at least try to I can not turn my mind off ... sleep . emily ( cont 'd ) +. what be you think about ? luke emily ( cont 'd ) «+ . my dad give I bath - that 's a little weird , babe . 95 . luke ( cont 'd ) oh hush . I mean , when I be a kid ... it 's something that always stay with I ... he have always hold my head back and pour the water through my hair ... it 's stupid , but I do not know . I just remember feel happy ... peace ... emily -.. give I a kiss . luke kiss Emily . emily ( cont 'd ) a real one . luke give she a better kiss . emily ( cont 'd ) come here . Emily guide luke to she stomach . he put he head down , and she gently run she hand through he hair ... luke slowly close he eye ... CUT to : int . hospital room - day luke 's father vomit some dark mucus into a bucket ... it 's awful and look incredibly painful ... dissolve to : doctor luke .-. well , he 's fight . be this normal , though ? doctor ( cont 'd ) depend . everyone be different . it can be rapid , or it can take time ... however , this be longer than usual and longer than what we have anticipate . clearly , he 's not ready to go yet ... the best thing you can do be help he feel peace and comfort when he be lucid . luke okay ... doctor alright ... well , just let we know if you need anything , and I will be back tomorrow to check in . luke thank you so much . dissolve to : 96 . Emily 's eye open .... she be sleep with luke in the visitor 's bed , and she can see luke 's father stare at she . he 's on the edge of he bed and moan , in agonizing pain . luke 's father be hard to see in the darkness , and he nearly look like a zombie ... it 's a sad , disturbing sight . Emily wake luke up . luke ( cont 'd ) ... dad ? you okay ? do you have to use the bathroom ? luke help he father to the bathroom ... Emily roll over and look at she phone to see new text message : ronald ( text ) baby . you mother see bethany 's instagram and that you have not be at the beach house you know | trust you but cath be not go well . very worried . please talk to I so | know you be ok '' foing * do sorry . please just text or call . | love you Emily begin texting she dad back . dissolve to : Emily sit by the window and watch luke , with he dad ... luke 's father finish vomit some dark mucus into he bucket . he look like he 's in agonizing pain ... luke you want some water ? luke 's father shake he head . luke ( cont 'd ) +.» what be you hold onto , dad ? what be you feel ?... be it just the pain , or be it something else ? luke 's father look out the window to avoid eye contact with he son . it 's clear he 's hold on to so much and do not wanna face it ... luke ( cont 'd ) .»+. be it something go on in you head ?... if it be , you just need to let it go , dad . okay ? I love you . I just want you at peace ... you do not need to fight ... okay ? there 's no need to fight . you be go some place better ... right ? lukea father «+. I know ... luke 's father move he vomit bucket to the side . so it 's not between he and he son ... 97 . luke .-. you do not have any regret , do you ? that 's the magic word . luke 's father begin to break ... lukea father -.. kinda ... luke well , you do not need to . you do not need to ... okay ? luke 's father hang he head down and let out a heartbreaking moan . we hear he release all the pain , hurt , and regret that 's be pent up forever . it 's devastating ... luke ( cont 'd ) it 's okay ... luke 's father let out another soul-crush moan ... luke ( cont 'd ) «+ . just let it all go ... we hold on Emily as she take in everything ... Emily close she eye ... image of Tyler rush through Emily 's mind . Emily think of the last time Tyler break down to she in they bathroom ... tear begin to fall from Emily 's face as she think of Tyler . luke 's father let out a quieter moan and luke hold he ... luke and he father lean up and look each other in the eye : luke ( cont 'd ) just let it all go ... okay ? luke 's father nod ... a piece of score like ' burial 's by mica Levi come on . luke help he father lay back down on he bed ... luke 's father close he eye and go to sleep ... Emily walk over to luke and rub she hand through he hair . luke lean into Emily 's stomach and wrap he arm around she ... int . hospital hallway - continuous now , Emily be walk through the hospital hall and take in everything ... int . elevator - continuous close up of Emily 's face as tear continue to fall ... Emily look down and we see a close up of she text to Catherine : emily ( text ) I will be home soon and I will explain everything . just do not worry . | promise I be safe and | promise what I be do be important ... | love - 98 . Emily delete the last few word and think to she self ... she begin type again : emily ( text ) ( cont 'd ) I will be home soon and I will explain everything . just do not worry . | promise I be safe and | promise what I be do be important ... | want we to be a family again - Emily begin delete the last sentence of she text , again ... tear continue to fall ... everything be hit she as she struggle to convey she pent up feeling over text ... Emily take more time and then begin type again ... dissolve to : Emily and luke hold each other while they sleep through the night ... the camera continue to pan over to luke 's father ... we begin to hear the sound of a ekg monitor flatline ... dissolve to : luke cry incredibly hard as Emily hold he in she arm , but all we hear be score .... it 's clear that luke 's father have pass away ... dissolve to : int . emily 's car - continuous the camera look out the back of Emily 's car as we drive over a bridge and away from the hospital ... the sun be set ... luke continue to cry in the car . still grasp that he will never see he father again . at least , not in this life ... close up as Emily reach over and squeeze luke 's hand . he squeeze back ... a cop siren be hear in the distance and then a cop car drive past Emily 's car ... we hold on Emily 's face as she think about Tyler , alexis , and that night ... ' true Love wait 's by radiohead come on . CUT to : int . prison - continuous we see Tyler go through he daily routine in prison . he try to keep to himself and keep he head down . Tyler walk with fellow inmate , participate in a group class , read , do sit up , etc ... int . tyler 's prison room - continuous Tyler lay in he bed at night . he cry to himself , as he look at a picture . we see that it 's a picture of alexis . alexis have a huge smile across she face . she look beautiful ... 99 . int . prison cafeteria - continuous Tyler sit down at he table in a crowded prison cafeteria ... wide shot as Tyler pray ... even though Tyler be in prison , we get the sense that he be push forward and try to heal ... ext . cemetery - day wide shot of a ton of grave in a cemetery ... we see that Elena and Bobby be hold each other as they visit alexis 's grave . close up on alexis 's headstone ... int . bobby and elena' restaurant - day Bobby do work around he restaurant , but the big energy we see from Bobby in the beginning of the film be completely go . he look dead inside , just go through the motion ... int . bobby 's house - evening Bobby sit in he live room and watch the game . still show no emotion ... suddenly , he break down and start sobbing ... int . bobby 's bedroom - night Bobby wake up in bed , and it 's hard for he to breathe ... he leave and get a glass of water . we hold on Elena ... int . elena 's car - day Elena drive down a street and focus on a girl walk . she look just like alexis from behind ... Elena keep watch until she can see the girl 's face . for a split second , she be convinced it 's alexis . then reality hit , and she remember she daughter be go ... int . elena 's car - day Elena just sit in she car , eat lunch ... she watch child play in a park ... a couple be there with a new bear baby ... int . alexis 's bedroom - evening Elena be sit on the floor of she daughter 's room . she have one of alexis 's stuff animal and old drawing from when she be a little girl .... Elena smell she daughter 's stuff animal and cry ... int . HOTEL - evening we pan away from a little girl hold a stuff animal , to find Emily and luke check into a hotel with luke 's fake id ... soon , Emily and luke take a shower together ... they dry off and then brush they tooth in the mirror ... int . catherine 's bathroom - continuous Catherine stare at she exhaust reflection in the mirror ... her phone vibrate . she look down to see a text from Emily : 100 . emily ( text ) I will be home tomorrow and I will explain everything . just do not worry . | promise I be safe and | promise what I be do be important ... I have be think a lot and | hope we can start talk more . | really love you so much and I be grateful to have you in my life and that you raise I ... I will be home soon . Catherine be take aback . she study the message and a few tear run down she face .... then , Catherine start to get ready . she brushes she hair , tooth , and apply makeup ... int . catherine 's car —- continuous Catherine drive past Emily and Tyler 's highschool . since it 's summer , it look abandon . the opposite of how it look before ... now , Catherine 's car be park . she 's sit outside of Tyler 's prison , just look at the entrance ... int . prison - continuous Catherine walk through the visit quarter of the prison ... she sit and wait for Tyler ... Catherine watch all the different visitor around she , wait to see they love one ... ext . beach - continuous now , Emily and luke sit by a beach and watch the sunset ... they share a glance and then look back at the ocean ... Emily and luke be get closer to Florida ... ext . beach - continuous the camera pan across a ocean until we find Ronald as he sit at the beach and fish by himself ... int . church - continuous wide shot as Ronald be surround by family as he sit alone , in the back of the church , during a service ... int . ronald office - continuous Ronald sit in he home office , stare at construction plan on he computer and drink a protein shake ... one of the dog be claw at the office door to get out . Ronald open he office door and the dog go to the dog gate at the bottom of the stair and cry . Ronald look up to see b.k. cry at the top of the stair ... Ronald head up the stair and pick up the cat to comfort it . Ronald turn and look down the hallway ... 101 . int . tyler 's room - continuous Ronald enter Tyler 's room to see Catherine cry on Tyler 's bed . Catherine look up and make real eye contact with Ronald for the first time in a long time ... tear begin to well up in Ronald as he look back at he wife ... Ronald put b.k. down , and he sit on the bed with Catherine ... Ronald reach out and run he hand through Catherine 's hair . she do not resist ... Ronald lay down in the bed with she ... there 's so much they want to say to each other , but instead they just look into each other 's eye and cry ... in this moment , there be no word and that 's okay ... ext . STREET - late afternoon ' sound & Color 's by Alabama shake turn on . close up of foot on pedal ... close up of hand on handle bar ... close up of Emily 's face as she ride she bike faster and faster , gain speed , as she neighborhood fly past she and she push forward ... the music continue to build .... soon , Emily stop pedale and she just glide ... Emily take she hand off the handle bar and rest they by she side ... Emily stretch she arm up into the air ... she let the wind rush through she finger tip , then she entire body ... we hold on Emily 's face as tear begin to fall and a big smile form ... she have a happy cry ... she be free ... she feel alive ... Emily think to herself ... everything she 's be through .... all the tragedy she 's experience ... all the beauty , too ... it 's all one , and we be all connect ... that 's life and it 's beautiful ... the music continue to build as we push in behind Emily with she hand in the air . she look like she be fly .... the beat hit : color fill the screen ... the same that we see at the beginning and middle of the film . now , they be all combine and flow in and out of each other in one cosmic glow ... 102 . the end