waxwork written and directed by Anthony hickox jazz music play in the background . outside the loftmore residence - night lightn and thunder crash as we see the old loftmore residence . sound of fighting come from the inside . inside the loftmore residence - night figure have mark grandfather by the head , push he towards a burning fireplace . mark grandfather head get push into the fireplace . show figure be hand smash glass case , finally grab a medallion and other assort object . mark grandfather , now burn , attempt to get up . figure stuff object into a black satchel , close it as mark grandfather give up the fight and succumb to the flame . cue waxwork theme music , roll act credit as camera zoom in on the FIRE of the fireplace . loftmore residence , present day show fireplace , without fire , as well as a portrait of mark grandfather . MARK and mark mother sit at opposite end of a long table which the portriat hang over . MARK be read the newspaper . mark mother darling ? I hear you be have drink with the butler the other night . now you know that sort of thing lead to anarchy . MARK Mom . mark mother one have to keep the distance between `them ' and `us ' MARK they be all human being mark mother servant . oh be not it terrible darling , two more people have disappear MARK oh really ? we be they `us 'es ' or `them 's ' ? mark mother do not be facetious darling . now drink you milk , you be late for college MARK Mom , when be you go to let I have some coffee in the morning ? mark mother when - you be a big boy . I mean you know it 's bad for you MARK but mom , I need the caffine - badly mark mother I will think about it . now run along darling . MARK fold up he paper , set it down on the table and exit the room . hallway - daytime jenkins , the butler be stand at the ready with mark book . jenkins you book master loftmore MARK thank you Jenkins jenkins and you coff - excuse I , caffeine sir MARK thank you jenkins and uh , you nicotine sir MARK thank you jenkins allow I sir jenkins take out a lighter and light the cigarette jenkins will you be want you wheel today sir ? MARK uh , not today Jenkins , I need the fresh air jenkins have a nice day ( cough ) sir outside the loftmore residence - day MARK exit he house smoking he cigarette sidewalk - day sarah I see the great movie with mark last night china with Mark ? sarah he still like you china oh I do not give a shit the guy 's a slob . he do not even know how to spell `lady ' let alone treat I like one . you know the last time we go out he actually make I pay for a drink ? sarah he do ? china yes , I be sure . ( sigh ) what I need be a older man , something with class , a little style . someone who know how to treat a lady . sarah businessman ? china businessman ! sarah Doctor ? lawyer ? china lawyer , Doctor , I do not care . sarah yeah , yeah , ok china yeah ( sigh ) sarah so why be you dating Jonathan ? china date ? grow up Sarah , one night of fun . anyway , johnny may not have a lot of class , but . sarah but ? china but he still have something Mark have not . sarah what 's that ? china a body . I mean we be talk major body sarah - kick china lightly and jokingly China ! you be awful ! you be a whore ! china - laugh I be ! china and sarah be now walk next to a white picket fence . camera pan down revealing the waxwork . sarah strange , I have never see that before china yeah . weird place for a waxwork , maybe they do not like customer ( laugh at herself ) camera pan back revealing a shocked look on both sarah and china face as they see mr lincoln stand there look up at the sky . mr lincoln I be sorry lady , do I startle you ? china heart attack maybe , startle no . mr lincoln I see you be interested in my waxwork , yes ? sarah well . china yeah . in fact we be just say it 's kind of a weird place to have one . I mean , on a street like this . mr lincoln really ? why ? sarah - look around , noticeably freak out customer and that . ( look at china ) we gotta get back to class . china yeah . Nice meeting you mister . mr lincoln mister ? china look turn on by this . sarah come on China ( nudge china with she book ) mr lincoln I be have a private show tonight . at midnight . china hmmm . good time . after dinner but before breakfast . mr lincoln you can bring some friend of course . no more than six though . otherwise I be afraid we might be a bit full . china oh. you be expect a crowd mr lincoln like I say , no more than six china smile and she and sarah turn away mr lincoln see you at midnight then china and sarah turn back , but mr lincoln be go . sarah look nervous and china giggle . china oooooh scaaaarrrrryyy the two turn and run off to class . sidewalk - day MARK be lightly walk to class girl Morning Mark ! MARK hey , how you do ? I be late . MARK run off at a brisk jog . lecture hall - day the decor be old 1940 Nazi poster . a large Nazi flag be erect by the lecturer . the lecturer speak with a strong german accent . lecturer in June of 1941 , operation barbarossa attack the Soviet Union - and the three baltic States , simultaneously . in just the matter of a few day , the lithuanian fell under the assault of the Nazi blitzkrieg . the german occupation , and hitler announcement of a austland ( ? ) Republic , mean the end of the lithuanian culture . MARK enter the lecture hall from door in the back . lecturer good afternoon herr loftmore MARK good morning - Sir lecturer you obviously know all about the lithuanian struggle , otherwise you would have attend the first fifteen minute of the lecture , ja ? MARK - look smug yes sir lecturer good . tomorrow I want a twenty - page essay on the subject now sit down . MARK thank you sir lecturer now where be I ? what be I talk about in my note ? where be my note ? my note may be here ja ? MARK take a seat next to china , sarah , and tony near the back of the lecture hall MARK thanks for that phone call that I never receive last night lecturer and so . china well I must be draw a blank . I do not remember Jonathan ever let I use he phone . tony oh ! gotta hurt ! MARK you go out with jonathan last night ! what be you ? crazy ?! lecturer and Mr. loftmore , I nearly forget . I also want a 40 - page essay on the trouble with dictator ! ( raise he pointer to the ceiling in a seig Heil fashion ) football field - day it 's a sunny day . in the stand we see sarah , tony , and MARK MARK I can not believe she go out with that monster last night tony forget she Mark , she 's a bitch sarah hey , China 's a friend of mine china and jonathan , a football player san shirt , be stand next to each other down by the field . MARK look at that . if he get on top of you , you would have a better chance with a steamroller . tony - hold up he finger a few inch apart you know what they say about body builder man , this big right here sarah stop say thing so loud ! tony oh ! the virgin have speak ! sarah stop it ! china - join the rest of they in the bleacher hi! tony - hold he finger up again hey , be it true what they say about body builder . china well that 's for I to know - but I do enjoy rub oil all over that big . MARK just give it a break China ok ? china jeez . can not even take a joke tony save it for the powder room babe , this man be in pain sarah you guy be be real asshole MARK thank you Sarah china - sarcastically thank you Sarah jonathan hey babe , be we go to catch a flick tonight , get a little of that back row boogie ? china oh I do not know handsome , I be a little tired jonathan yeah , I too after last night . hey Mark , want to go play catch ? or be you incapable of do that as well ? MARK start to get up but tony stop he tony do not do it superman , you only get one life man . jame and gemma walk onto where the four be sit jame hey Mark , I see you have make a new friend . I hope he will fit through the front door . tony yea , sit down but no more joke , this guy be in pain . scene of football player beat the crap out of each other gemma what 's happen tonight guy ? tony nothing . I give up drink . sarah the third time this month ? jame yeah I be think of rent a horror film , what do ya say ? gemma ooooh . that 's a new idea tony sound 's alright . how about you Marcus ? MARK 60 page on lithuanian dictator or something . more scene of football player . china well , Sarah and I be invite to a late night waxwork show by the handsomest gentleman gemma no kid ? china mmmm . it 's a private show though . we can bring a few select friend . more scene of football action jame ah , waxwork be out of date ; this be the video age . china well , Sarah and I be go , how about you tone ? tony you bet . we all can not be such modern people ( turn towards jame and gemma ) sarah come on Mark MARK ah hell , why not . I will get the may to write the essay tony yes ! back on the field , jonathan punch one of the other player out cold . loftmore residence - lounge - night time sarah , jame , china , tony and gemma be all seat in a lounge , drink and smoking . MARK be off camera . MARK anybody want another drink ? china it 's eleven forty - five let 's go tony what 's the rush babe , get a date with Jonathan after the show ? china can not a girl get laid around here without be burn at the stake ? MARK ( with cigarette in mouth and smirk on face ) anybody get a match ? china ( noticeably piss off ) I do what I want , when I want . dig it or fuck off . china stand up and walk out the doorway , MARK follow after . tony oh ho ! that 's . sarah , jame , tony , gemma ... gotta hurt ! hallway in loftmore residence - night china walk into the hallway , throw the door open wide . MARK follow after but be hit in the face by the close door . china be sit on what appear to be a dresser . MARK walk over . china sigh . MARK we need to talk . china yeah about what ? MARK about what ? about we . china we be over . you have you chance you blow it . MARK right . china I need a take care of , not `hey how bout a pizza after class babe ' . I be look for something just a little more in a man . a little `je ne se qua ' . MARK a little what ? china see . you do not even speak french . MARK I be sorry I be not that good at language ok ? china yeah well why should I suffer for that ? MARK suffer ? we be live in America . china ( giggle ) Mark , you be very sweet . but you just do not get it . MARK ( as china turn and walk away ) shit . sidewalk outside of waxwork . - night sarah , jame , gemma , china , tony , and MARK be walk along the sidewalk en route to the waxwork . they approach the white picket fence surround the waxwork and stop . jame Nice place for a waxwork . china yea , that 's what we say . sarah look a little spooky boy , you think we should do this ? tony never fear , tony be here . lady first . china well what a gentleman . I think I will play feminist tonight . MARK guy , could we hurry this up a little bit . I be a little worried about my may 's knowledge of lithuania , ok . china well if you be in such a rush darling , why do not you lead the way ? MARK ok toot , I will . tony throw the gate open . MARK turn back to the gang and pull down the breast of he suit jacket . MARK walk slowly towards the waxwork . when he 's about halfway there , a cat meow , cause the rest of the gang to come run up towards he . MARK guy , if I be go to play the hero at least give I a little room . tony Safety in number man . MARK right . MARK continue walk towards the waxwork , the other lag behind . he 's now almost to the front door . MARK ( turn back ) you know I . . . what be that about safety in number ? tony so we be fickle . gemma James , I want to go home . jame what ?! it be you idea to come in the first place . gemma yeah but this be not my idea of fun . tony come on gem , let 's just take a look . gemma no . it just do not feel right guy . gemma turn and start walk away . jame woman . hey honey wait up ! jame quickly follow suit . MARK anyone else not come ? tony right behind you . the front door to the waxwork open slowly , cause the cigarette to fall out of tonys mouth . tony oh shit . it 's the old door open by itself scene . camera pan down to reveal a very short butler . junior velcome to have vaxverk . MARK uh , wrong picture tony . the four enter the house , china noticeably try to keep from touch junior junior ve vere expect more . the main door close . lobby of waxwork - night the four enter into the lobby of the waxwork . tony light a cigarette . junior please sit down . the four quickly sit , china , sarah and tony on the couch ; MARK on a chair separate . junior make yourselves , comfortable . tony motion with he hand to MARK junior a drink for anyvon ? tony motion `no ' with he hand . a side door open and han walk in , carry drink on a tray . the four look up with surprise at han , who easily stand taller than seven foot . junior you suppose to vait until I ring have bell ! get out ! get out ! junior hit han in the leg until han leave through the door he come in . junior give a quick bow and exit the room . tony Big party . china hey , it 's a private show , what do you want ? MARK if that guy be waxwork , they have definitely improve they since I be a kid . china oh yeah . well you do not have to come you know . I be sure someone would have love to have take you place . MARK oh yes darling , and who be you expect , maurice cheval '. ( sing ) thank heaven , for little girl . china ( laugh ) I do not think so babe . with that , the door to the waxwork exhibit open wide , revealing a few of the terror that reside within . tony this time I really do not see anyone man . MARK must be what we come for . the four stand slowly and enter through the door , which close behind they . they begin walk around the waxwork , which appear gruesome . the first they spy be of a high school student with a letter jacket on the verge of be hack with a axe by and angry woodsman . they give each other look of disgust and continue on . the next be of a frankenstein - esque creature carry a woman in its arm . the four be now roam around the waxwork individually , with tony encounter what appear to be a tribal indian point a knife towards a victim . MARK walk past a circus cart with some sort of werebeast inside , and then continue on to a staircase exhibit with a dead woman at the base of it . on the staircase be a zombie-fy creature . we see china walk on the other side of a bandage wrap man pump gasoline into a woman 's mouth . finally , we see tony walk up to a cottage room display . tony this. be killer . tony pull out a cigarette and be about to light it when he accidentally flick he lighter into the display . tony pat himself down look for another mean with which to light the cigarette but find nothing . tony they will not mind if I go in for my lighter . tony look around to make sure no one be watch and enter . he be transport into a forest surround . forest - night tony be in a dark forest . cobweb from a nearby tree cover he face . he spit they out . his clothes have become rag and he hair be long and curly . tony ( look noticeably disgust ) alright . who put the acid in my drink again , China ? wait a minute . I give up drink . hologram ? no - hologram , right ? hypnotism ! hypnotism . that 's it , alright I be hypnotize ! alright . tony look around at he surroundings and speak to the sky . tony well I uh , hope you guy can hear I cause this be a hell of a illusion . I mean , I can smell the pine tree . tony look around again and decide on a plan of action . tony ok - and uhhhh .. we get house .. and we get house . I guess we will go to the house . alright . tony , noticeably pleased with he quick decision make , chuckle to himself as he walk towards the house . a wolf howl in the distance . tony get to the door and knock on it . werewolf ( as man ) go away ! tony hypnotist , make this guy a little more friendly ok ( knock again ) werewolf ( as man ) please ! go far from here ! tony ( talk to the sky ) thanks . I be go to go in now . beautiful . tony enter the building . we see it be a sparse cabin with a lantern on the wall . it look incredibly similar to the one tony originally see when he be in the waxwork werewolf ( as man ) why do not you listen ! the man ( werewolf ) walk towards tony and put he hand on he shoulder . werewolf ( as man ) Jack , I know you father be my dearest friend , but you can do nothing to help I . tony Jack ? you get the wrong guy man . werewolf ( as man ) jack ! you must run Jack , as far as you can ! the man step back away from tony , into the moonlight - as a wolf howl in the background . werewolf ( as man ) the full moon , have already rise . in a few moment , I dare not think what will happen . tony it 's so cold in here ! why do not I just mosey on out , get some wood - we will talk . the man sit down at the table and look like he 's in pain . werewolf ( as man ) it be . too late . the man start thrashing around at the table . tony relax ! I will go outside - get the wood . come back , have a cup of coffee , we will talk about it . become friend . Friends - think about it . be right back . tony exit out of the cabin and look up towards the sky . tony get I - the hell - outta here ! I be stick in this cold , nowhere place , nowhere to go , no cigarettes ! and what be I suppose to do ? entertain this asshole ? the sky do not respond . tony oh , ok great , good friend , beautiful , ok . I will talk to the guy , I will play you game , I will get the wood , I will talk to he . what ? wood.wood.wood . tony look around and find some chop wood . meanwhile , we man be slowly become a werewolf inside the house . outside . . . tony ( pick up wood ) how big be this wood suppose to be , you get a axe or something ? Caribbean . the Bahamas . a pretty girl . a body . a bikini . do I get a pretty woman in my illusion ? no . no I get a dick . this suck man . tony enter the house again . this time , it 's empty . tony guess he do not want to talk . werewolf cam - enter the room and walk towards tony who stand there phase . then , realize what be come towards he , run . tony ahhhhhh shit ! tony drop the wood and run back up against the wall . tony hey boy , this be not fun anymore ! get I the hell out of here ! tony find a large bone on the table and pick it up . tony ( hold the bone out to the werewolf ) hey boy , good boy , stay ! tony ( back up along the wall and grab a pot ) do not come closer ! tony get ready to hit the werewolf with the pot but then think better of it and continue back up on top of a table . tony fall off the table and be back up against a wall . without any other option , he take a swing . the werewolf catch he arm and take a bite out of it . tony begin scream painfully . the front door of the cabin open and the hunter and he assistant enter the room . the hunter have a large rifle . hunter damnit ! we be too late ! give I the silver bullet ! upon hearing this , the werewolf drop the scream tony and turn towards the new prey . as the werewolf approach , the assistant drop the silver bullet . hunter ( to assistant ) no , leave they . go distract it . the werewolf come face to face with the hunter , stare he down . the assistant , now along a opposite wall , grab and bottle and break it , gain the werewolf attention . the assistant pick up a chair and bashes it against the werewolf side . the werewolf ear perk up and it brushes off its shoulder . meanwhile , the hunter load the rifle . the werewolf then grab the assistant head and begin to crush it , follow by quickly rip he in two down the middle . the hunter close the chamber on the gun , take aim and fire , hit the werewolf square in the chest . the werewolf stagger back , sit down in a chair , and turn towards tony , who begin the transformation . tony oh ! oh this have gotta hurt ! the hunter pick up another of the fall bullet , load it , and take aim . hunter God forgive I . with the shot of the gun , tony ( as werewolf ) die and we see the exhibit again , this time , with a dead tony ( as werewolf ) in it ( along with the other werewolf ) . MARK walk by this exhibit , look for the other . camera shift and we see sarah walk around look at the exhibit . the first she spy be a scene from the little shop of horror with the plant have freshly eat someone . now we cut to china who be admire a gentleman knelt down on a staircase . the staircase have many a cobweb on it . china well what be you suppose to be do hansom ? the `bar ' in front of the exhibit suddenly drop to the ground . china look around for anyone who might see she enter . china let 's just take a little look . castle - night china enter the exhibit and find herself dress in victorian ( if not older ) era garb . dracula welcome my dear . we think you be too tired to join we , so we start without you . my apology . you be go to grace we with you presence . join we . camera cut back and forth between draculas and china eye . dracula come to I . china descend down the stair toward the table . dracula you have meet my son , stephan . stephan , stand near dracula , take a bow . dracula please , be seat . china take a seat at the other head of the table . dracula ( still stand - point to the female vampire ) this be corrinja , vega , gabriella , and Emma . dracula sit down and continue . dracula I be so sorry you fiancée could not join we , he have to leave very abruptly . but he ask I to watch over you , at least until tomorrow . I hope you will find we company - satisfactory . dracula clap he hand and a servant come over to china , place a dish in front of she . dracula Raw meat . you do like raw meat ? please , if not we can have some soup . china no , that 's fine . I have not have steak tartar in a long time . dracula Steak tartar ? oh yes , steak tartar . a second servant walk over carry a sauce container . china ( wave she hand ) oh , no . dracula no sauce ? but the sauce make the dish . well , if we guest do not like the sauce . china no that 's ok . if you recommend it I will try it . the servant pour the dark red substance on top of the steak tartar . dracula it 's a little salty ; but that 's all part of its charm . china cautiously look around - the rest of the table be watch she . slowly she pick up a fork and begin eat . with the first bite , the rest of the table , san dracula , almost dive literally headfirst into they meal . dracula hit the table cause they to look up at he . with a silent look the vampire croney take up they napkin and fork . however , they still down the meal rapidly . after the meal be do , stephan and dracula both rise . dracula I must bid you goodnight . ludwig will show you to you room . ludvig , one of the servant , lead china up the stair and down a long hallway . before long , they reach she room . china enter , ludvig close the door behind she . china wow . what a intense dream . china explore the room , discover a closet full of clothes . china great dress . stephan suddenly enter through the front door . china do not a gentleman knock ? stephan if my father know I be here , he would banish I from the castle . he want you for himself . stephan be close to china at this point , bend down as if to kiss she . china hey , not so fast . stephan suddenly bare he fang . china dodge at the last minute cause stephan to bite into the bust that be behind she . stephan bitch ! china run out of the room , down the hallway , back into the dining room , and finally through a door lead into a white ceramic tile room . charle ( off screen ) darling ? be that you ? it 's I , Charles . china Charles ? charle yes . Charles , you be fiancée . china look around for some sort of light switch - and find one charle ( off screen ) do not turn it on ! I do not want you to see I like this . china turn on the light and we can finally see all of charle . his lower left leg have be chew away , most likely as the steak tartar . china start cry . charle oh dear darling . china it 's all a game . the waxwork . a game . it be not real . it 's all just a sick stupid game ! yes ! charle yes ! I wish it be so ! ahhhhhhh !!! get it off ! a rat have take a like to charle leg . china brushes the horrid beast away . charle ahhhh ! thank you . now listen carefully . the Count , be a vampire . they all be . you have to destroy they ! china ( mess with the chain hold charle down ) come on , I can pick this . charle no ! it 's too late for that ! china vampire be fiction ! charle no ! they be real ! and they can only be kill by a crucifix , wood through they heart , or decapitation ! another set of door suddenly burst open , with stephan come through they . stephan so my pretty , you come down for a little midnight snack ? charle do not look in he eye ! stephan I too feel peckish . first , the h'our dourve stephan peel a chunk of skin off of charle leg . charle meanwhile be scream like mad . china start cry again . stephan now - the entrée . stephan lean over charle and try to grab china . china no! do not ! no ! the two continue run back from end to end of the table until finally stephan fall on top of charle leg , cause charle to scream madly . stephan finally run around the end of the table . china pick up a charle carve knife and plunge it into stephan chest . stephan pull it out and stab it into charle good leg . once again , charle scream madly . china dodge another stephan attack and grab two of the knife ( one be the one in charle leg ) and make a cross out of they . she turn and hold it towards stephan . charle touch he head ! touch he head ! china , now determine , lean forward and hold the makeshift cross to stephan head . stephan in turn , howl in pain and ultimately , he head explode . charle brilliant darling ! now find the Count ! look over there ! break the chair . you can use it 's leg as stake ! china run to the chair and hesitates . charle break it ! just as china break the chair , the door burst open and the female vampire enter . china wield the stake as a sword and clock one of the vampire over the head , knock she onto charle . the other three rush she , but she fend they off by drive the stake into the heart of two of they . one of they be knock back towards the wall of champagne , where the bottle pierce she body , spraying champagne all over the room . china take a knife and stab the last remain vampire ( the one on charle ) in the back , drag it off he body . charle show he new set of fang and china run out of the room - back into the dining room . she try one set of door and while walk backwards she hear the sound of wing flap . she turn to discover the count . dracula go somewhere my beauty ? china look into he eye and slowly walk towards he . the count flourish he cape and china lean she neck to the side . the count take she in he arm and lean she down on the stair , bare he fang . the count sink he tooth in and we be move out of the exhibit . MARK China , Sarah , where be you guy ? MARK walk in front of the dracula piece and walk towards a man in the iron mask exhibit . we see sarah look intently at a marquis do sade exhibit . MARK walk over to she . sarah the Marquis de sade once say that sex without fear and pain be like food without taste . MARK have not we be do we homework . sarah I have always wonder why someone would believe in something like that . MARK guilt ? Society ? good and evil , I really do not know . I be go to go look for the other two ok ? sarah be still intently focus on the exhibit . MARK ok ? MARK walk away leave sarah alone with the exhibit . the barrier in front of the exhibit drop and sarah slowly begin walk towards it . MARK where the hell be they ? sarah , she concentration break , turn . sarah somewhere around ? MARK they be not anywhere . I look everywhere , I check . I want out of here Sarah , I be serious . sarah get scared ? do not worry , they have probably just go home . MARK what ? tony and China , together ? sarah wooo . jealously rear its ugly head . MARK I be not kid . I want to get out of here - now , ok . MARK walk off . sarah take a last look at marquis do sade and quickly follow . the two go into the main lobby outside of the exhibit and be greet by junior who bow to they . junior I hope you enjoy you visit . MARK uh yes , thank you . it be quite enjoyable . junior two of you friend leave earlier MARK uh huh . junior they seem , close by much ( ? ) MARK tony and China ? junior vell. goodnight . outside the waxwork - night MARK what be it with this girl ? one day its I , the next it 's Charles atlas , and now tony . I mean what do she want ? sarah then why do you still like she ? MARK like she ? I do not know if I ever like she . it 's just you want what you can not get . sarah I know what you mean . sidewalk - night we see Jonathan walk along towards a phone booth . he enter and dial a number . mrs webster ( china mother ) hello ? jonathan hello , Mrs. webster . be China there ? mrs webster no Jonathan . jonathan no ? mrs webster she go to a waxwork party jonathan a party at a waxwork huh ? mrs webster can I give she a message ? jonathan you do not happen to have the address do ya ? outside the waxwork - night we see jonathan stand outside the waxwork inside the waxwork - night jonathan be walk around the exhibit jonathan guy this be Jonathan . where be ya ? we see han walk behind jonathan jonathan aww shit . they be go . jonathan walk up to a phantom of the opera exhibit , try to get a better look at its mask . mr lincoln suddenly grab he . mr lincoln good evening . I own this waxwork . jonathan look , I be sorry . I mean I do not mean to . I be just follow a friend in here for some laugh you know . I will be leave . mr lincoln well that 's alright . what 's the point of have all this beautiful work of art if you can not appreciate they ? for instance . mr lincoln motion towards the phantom piece mr lincoln be not the figure wonderful ? as wear by the phantom . jonathan in the movie ` curse of the Opera ' ! mr lincoln they have make a movie about the phantom of the Opera ? jonathan several mr lincoln would you like a closer look ? jonathan really ? mr lincoln step in please . mr lincoln push jonathan into the exhibit and we see the familiar blue glow . look satisfied he walk off . mr lincoln they will make a movie about anything now a day . in the background we see jonathan body in the phantom exhibit . outside sarah apartment - night MARK and sarah be walk in front of the rich look apartment complex . sarah I would invite you in but it 's late MARK that 's ok . MARK move in for the goodnight kiss , but at the last moment sarah move away . sarah no Mark . MARK why not ? sarah I do not know . I really like you and I think you be very attractive . MARK come on . sarah no I be serious . it 's . it 's just I do not know I . I be look for something else . sarah look down at the ground . MARK pick up she chin and look at she . MARK hey . it 's ok . it 's alright . now go get some sleep . sarah get a big smile on she face . MARK come on scram , get out of here . sarah slowly walk off . sarah thank you . MARK pull out he nicotine and smoke one . inside loftmore residence - maids room - night the maid be sit in front of a pile of book and papers , randomly throw ball of paper at the wall . maid loco ! the maid start scream in Spanish . a knock be hear at the door . maid quien es ? the door open and MARK walk in , hold a finger up to he lip and mouth `be very quiet ' . MARK be you finish ? maid yes . but you know my English . it 's not so good . the maid hand MARK something noticeably less than 60 page . MARK no no , that 's ok . great , footnote and everything . you be a angel . MARK walk out of the maids room and stop in the hallway to read a bit of the paper . MARK ` the trouble with dictator ' . I think dictator be the bad people . they have the shouting voice and the small moustach . MARK look depressed but walk off . inside loftmore residence - morning MARK be sit in he bathrobe talk on the phone . MARK she do not come home last night ? well then .. alright . I be sorry . I be just a little upset ok . could you tell she that Mark call ? ok . thank you . MARK hang up and dial another number . MARK hi Steve , yeah it 's Mark . be tony there ? he 's not ? could you tell he that I call please ? thank you . MARK hang up the phone . outside the waxwork - morning we see Mark at the door . when now one answer he run off . MARK ( off screen ) and I speak to Steve and he do not know where tony be . and I go by the waxwork this morning and no one be there . I mean , maybe they have be kidnap . or even worse , boil in wax . bleacher - day jame , gemma , MARK , and sarah be all seat on the bleacher . gemma Mark , maybe she have another party to go to . jame more like a motel to go to , you know China . MARK no , no James , it 's not like that . tony and China , they be just friend . sarah that 's not what you say last night . MARK ok , so maybe I be a little over emotional . sarah a little ? MARK Sarah , I really do not care who China be screwing anymore , I really do not . but I be positive it 's not tony . so where be they ? jame I still vote for the motel . MARK I be go to give they until this afternoon . and if we do not find they , I be go to the police I swear . inspector robert office - day inspector robert you know how many people have go miss in this area in the last two week ? MARK no . inspector robert 13 . and that 's a hell of a lot of people in two week . MARK and now , another two inspector robert and you be tell I that they have be kidnap . and boil in wax ? MARK all I know be that there be something go on in that Waxworks . inspector robert now come on kid . you can give I a better story than that . MARK I tell you everything that I know yes ! inspector robert ok . but if this be some sick joke I will have you ball in the slammer so fast you will not have time to squeal . do you understand I ? MARK nod he head . inspector robert good . outside the waxwork - day inspector robert , MARK , and a plain clothes cop show up in front of the waxwork . MARK lead they up through the front gate to the front door . the plain clothes cop stay by the gate with the car . inspector robert knock on the front door . MARK now watch this . this weird little tiny guy whose addict to helium be go to open the door . the door open , revealing mr lincoln inspector robert weird and tiny huh ? mr lincoln hi inspector robert ( flash he badge ) hi. I be Inspector Roberts . I would appreciate a look around you waxwork if that would be convenient . mr lincoln yes of course . why ? inspector robert this young man claim that he and some friend visit here last night and uh , well they have disappear . mr lincoln ( laugh ) well come on in please . mr lincoln step aside and inspector robert and MARK enter . mr lincoln close the door behind they . lobby of waxwork - day MARK , inspector robert , and mr lincoln be gather there talk . mr lincoln as you know Inspector we be not open yet so I doubt if they visit this waxwork . inspector robert mmm-huh . MARK you go to swallow that shit ? inspector robert ( point towards MARK ) you shut up . ( turn back to mr lincoln ) I be sorry , you be say ? mr lincoln yes . well its just that it could not possibly be this waxwork . unless they break in after dark . inspector robert turn and look at MARK MARK what ? oh come on I do not believe this . mr lincoln of course you can feel free to wander around if you wish . inspector robert it would be a pleasure mr lincoln motion with he finger for inspector robert to follow he . MARK begin to follow but inspector robert turn to he . inspector robert you - stay here . MARK I want to show you a waxwork that . inspector robert sit ! inspector robert follow mr lincoln into the exhibit area . MARK take a seat in the lobby . inside the waxwork - day mr lincoln and inspector robert walk by the exhibit . inspector robert pull out a cigarette and light it . mr lincoln pull it out of he mouth , put it out on he finger and hand it back to he . they walk up to the mummy exhibit . inspector robert oh this be wonderful ! you know I have always be fascinate with egyptian history . mr lincoln yes , it 's always be one of my favorite too . inspector robert hmm . mr lincoln would you like a closer look ? inspector robert it 's all rather morbid though be not it ? mr lincoln ( sigh ) well it do seem to be what the people want . inspector robert yes , I guess you be right mr lincoln be you sure you would not like a closer look ? with that mr lincoln grab inspector robert by the shoulder and almost toss he into the mummy exhibit . at the last second inspector robert catch he foot and stop he . inspector robert no . really , I must be go . outside the waxwork - day MARK and inspector robert be discuss the recent trip MARK you be go to fall for that ? inspector robert what else do you want I to do ? this be not Russia you know . MARK what be you go to do , wait for the next person to disappear , and then the next ? why do not you do something ? inspector robert listen kid . I know you be worried . why do not you just go home , you friend have probably leave a message for you there . now relax . inspector robert walk off . MARK give a last look at the waxwork . MARK that 's it . MARK run off . lecture hall - day the lecturer be stand below a picture of Hitler . the chalkboard read : test on tue !! Study chapter 12-17 include invasion of ally force and down fall of axis the lecturer hold he hand in a position very similar to that of Hitler in the picture behind he lecturer never . never underestimate the political significance of mein kampf as literature . the lecturer be interrupt as MARK stumble in . MARK sorry I be late sir . I be so sick I be ... ( make retching sound ) I do not know what 's wrong with I sarah look on in amazement and cover she eye . MARK I feel nauseous . Sarah 's get it to , it 's a incredibly contagious disease . the lecturer moan and rest on the podium . MARK ( come over to sarah ) Excuse I I have gotta get through here . Sarah 's gotta , she 's gotta come with I to the hospital to get X - rate . I mean x-ray . MARK grab sarah hand and begin to bring she with he . MARK come here . I have get swollen gland and , and my tongue be coat and pustule , it 's terrible sir . I think I be gunna puke . I think she would better come as quick as possible . I be sorry sir I will bring she back as soon as possible . with that , MARK and sarah exit the classroom . hallway at school - day MARK and sarah run into the locker - fill hallway outside of the lecture hall . MARK come on ! sarah feel mark forehead . sarah you be not sick ! we have get to get back . what be you do ! MARK listen Sarah , I think I know what 's go on ok . I go to the waxwork today . I meet this man . sarah oh that explain everything . MARK you do not understand . I recognize he face now come on . sarah Big deal ! inspector robert office - day inspector robert look over case file while a fan turn overhead . each face in the file he recognize as one of the face in the waxwork exhibit . outside the waxwork - day inspector robert and the plain clothes cop be sit outside in the cop car - license number 42530 . inspector robert first I want to see if I be imagine thing . plain clothes cop feeling all right ? inspector robert I will letcha know . with that , inspector robert get out of the car and load a bullet into the chamber of he gun . inside the waxwork - day inspector robert enter through a door say `staff only ' . he take out a cigarette , look at a decaye head on the floor , and put it back in the pack . instead he stick a toothpick in he mouth and begin walk by the exhibit . he walk over to the dracula exhibit , look at it for a bit , look around , and enter . he walk over to where china lay and pull out a knife . he dig under the skin and pull out a chunk of muscle - like tissue . he try for a while to use the knife to put it in a bag and then finally give up and grab it - toss it in the bag . inspector robert shit . loftmore residence attic - day MARK and sarah climb into the attic of Marks house . there be a nice spider web on the wall . MARK if my mother catch I up here she would kill I . sarah who 's be all this ? MARK my grandfather . well , most of it anyways . he be a very strange man . he be fascinate by death and horror . my family never really acknowledge he , apart from that portrait in the dining room . MARK and sarah split up . MARK go over to a old chest while sarah go over to a different chest . they both thumb through old picture and magazine . MARK finally find a copy of the ` Daily gazette ' with the front - page headline `horror lord murdered ' . sarah on the other hand , find a book entitle ` Marquis De sade ' . she begin to open it . a soft breeze pick up and the book begin to glow . MARK Sarah ? come over here sarah close the book and the chest and the breeze and glow stop . she then come over and sit down next to MARK MARK listen to this . " last night , millionaire Michael loftmore be find murder in he draw room . his body be badly burn , and he seem to have die in great pain . the only thing miss from the house be a collection of 36 artifact , all belong to loftmore . " and then it go on . now listen to this . " the only clue be the disappearance of a Mr. David lincoln , loftmore 's chief helper at the house . sarah well ? MARK well . ( turn to something like page 5 of the paper , revealing a picture of mr lincoln ) .this , be Mr. lincoln . and that 's the man I see at the waxwork . sarah that 's the same man I originally meet with China . but he have not age . Mark , what 's happen ? MARK I do not know . but I know where we can find out . inside the waxwork - day inspector robert be now walk smugly around the exhibit with a cigarette in mouth . he light a match on a nearby exhibit . that be do , we then see the blue glow as he step into the mummy exhibit . ra-oul' tomb - day inspector robert look around astonished . he be wear period clothes , straight down to the fedora . we see a professor try to move the cover off of a sarcophagus . a native attendant stand by . professor come on Nigel , just do not stand there , give I a hand . a girl stand next to inspector robert . professor come on Nigel . girl help the Professor darling . the inspector look around , still amaze . professor whew . this one 's a heavy one . come on Nigel , give I a hand . push the darn thing . inspector robert toss he hat down and begin help the professor push the lid off of the sarcophagus . with the two of they push , the cover be slowly lift away . Inside be a simple corpse hold a scroll . inspector robert mouth the word ` what ' . the professor frees the scroll from the corpse hand and unroll it . professor it 's a curse . the native begin bow on the ground for forgiveness . professor that who desecrate the tomb of ra-oul will be condemn to a painful death at the hand of . the sarcophagus on the wall open revealing the mummy . the girl scream . professor good heaven . it 's the mummy . inspector robert shit ! let 's get the hell out of here ! the door to the chamber suddenly slide shut . girl ahhhhhh !!! Jesus ! inspector robert the door ! what 's at the door ?! the mummy slowly start walk towards we party . inspector robert there 's a lever around here someplace ! inspector robert and the girl start pull on torch with the hope that they will open the door . the native be still bow . the mummy close upon he and crush he head under its foot . girl oh my goodness . inspector robert ( reach for where he gun would normally be - then turn to the professor ) have not you get a gun or anything ? professor yes ... my bag. on the other side of the tomb . inspector robert run to the other side and begin rifling through the bag try to find the gun . meanwhile , the professor have pick up a spear and be plan on hold off the mummy . it take two swipe at the professor , and then when it 's back be turn , he plunge the spear through it 's chest . the mummy turn around , grab the professor , and pull he toward itself - impale he on the spear . inspector robert find the gun , which be empty , and load it . after the mummy be do with the professor , it begin walk towards inspector robert and the girl . inspector robert aim on the mummy and fire , slowly make he way towards the door . inspector robert ( to the girl ) do not just lay there . open the damn ( fire gun ) door ! the inspector run out of bullet and the mummy hit he with a right backhand . the mummy then turn , pick up the girl and throw she into the wait arm of the corpse . inspector robert get up and start throw punch at the mummy . meanwhile , what appear to be a boa be in the sarcophagus with the girl , slowly make it 's way towards she face . the mummy easily pick up robert and toss he into the sarcophagus with the girl , corpse , and boa . then , despite they scream , it pick up the lid and place it on the sarcophagus . outside sir wilfred house - day MARK and sarah run up and ring the doorbell . inside sir wilfred house - day we see sir wilfred lay the piano . decorate the wall be eclectic object such as spear and tribal mask . sir wilfred' butler lead MARK and sarah over to the room where sir wilfred be at . he stop mid piano stroke . sir wilfred hello Mark ! sit down here fellow sit down ! I be . now we see that sir wilfred be confine to a wheelchair . MARK Sir wilfre , this be Sarah Brighton . this be Sir wilfre . sir wilfred hi there Sarah sarah hello sir wilfred just call I wilfy . everyone else do . now , how bout a whiskey . maybe someone 's drunk ? MARK no thank you sir we be fine . sir wilfred so Mark , what 's so urgent ? MARK well , it 's a long story . sir wilfred oh good share . I love they MARK I think Sarah should start . sir wilfred even better , will not have to look at you eye too much . well come on young lady , have not get all day . sarah well , it all start when a friend and I MARK China sarah China and I be walk to class in my neighborhood , and we run into this man . the police car outside the waxwork - day the plain clothes cop be now suspicious about inspector robert . he load he gun and in great chip style , go into the front door of the waxwork . lobby inside the waxwork - day the plain clothes cop ( with he sunglass on ) slowly make he way around a corner - not notice han behind he . han grab he and break he neck . the plain clothes cop fall to the ground - dead . han seem pleased with himself . mr lincoln walk in . mr lincoln what the hell do you kill he for ?! we still need two more , he would have be perfect ! han sit down in a chair and begin cry . mr lincoln ( soothing han ) that 's alright . I be sorry I shout . you have get to learn you own strength . you be a big boy now , very big . han , we would better find some new visitor . we be run out of time . ( direct to the corpse of the plain clothes cop ) get rid of that , it 's useless . sir wilfred study - day sarah Mark find the article in the attic , and uh , about the murder and Mr. lincoln , and so that 's why he think we should come and see you . MARK put a cigarette out in a hoof ashtray . sir wilfred ( put down he whiskey ) this be very serious you see you grandfather , bless he , have collect over the year 18 trinket belong to 18 of the most evil man there have ever be . MARK well ? sir wilfred well divide 18 into three MARK six six and six sir wilfred yes , the number of the Devil . you grandfather and I be fascinate by the horror stuff . we talk about it , we play a little , never really take it too seriously . Mr. lincoln , obviously do . MARK who be this Mr. lincoln ? sir wilfred well , he have he own waxwork show in San Francisco but it fail . before he start work for you grandfather . MARK he murder my grandfather 40 year ago , and yet he still do not look a day over 50 ? sir wilfred if you sell you soul to the devil , you would never age either MARK sell my soul ? sir wilfred any student of Black Magic can do it . ( wheel into the nearby library ) . most of this book will tell you how ! sarah so what happen when you have sell out ? sir wilfred you get yourself a regular job , as Satan 's disciple . MARK do what ? sir wilfred tipping the scale . ruining that delicate balance between good and evil . I think that we Mr. lincoln have find a very effective way of do it . there 's a voodoo belief that by make a wax effigy of a evil be , contain a belong of he he possess in earthly form , and feed he the soul of a believe victim , you can bring he back to life ! sarah give a look of concern . sir wilfred but what you have discover be even more terrifying ! you see you grandfather not only collect they belonging , but also a small piece , from the dwelling of the decease . what lincoln have do be to recreate a whole scene from each character life , which become like a small time vessel . the whole display be the ghost , not just the figure . he do not need to kill anyone , sacrifice , or use spell ; he just sit back while the display do it for he . until the day , when there be 18 victim . a time when 18 , of the most evil soul , there have ever be , shall live again - destroy the world , with the help of they possess . the voodoo end of the world , when the dead shall rise , and consume all thing . MARK can this be stop ? sir wilfred maybe before the event , never after . sarah what can we do ? sir wilfred you must burn the waxwork . but most important , the one that have not yet claim life , that way , the chain can never be finish . now you must hurry ! I wish I could help but I can only be you hindrance . MARK but .. sir wilfred you must go now ! MARK come on Sarah MARK and sarah walk out of the study . MARK thank you Sir wilfre sir wilfred good luck sir wilfred dial a number on the phone . sir wilfred tell the other we Mr. lincoln have be find . it have begin . outside the waxwork - night a taxi drop off MARK and sarah outside the waxwork . MARK be carry a small bag . sarah why can not we just burn it down from the outside ? MARK right . they douse the flame and we get arrest for arson , that would be nice . no , we have get to burn down each display ourselves . MARK reach into he paper bag pull out lighter fluid . MARK let 's find we way around back . back of the waxwork - night MARK knock out some glass and open a window MARK be careful . I can not see a damn thing . MARK light he lighter revealing a spooky face . MARK do not worry , it 's only wax . there 's a light switch . sarah flip the switch , revealing that they be in the basement of the waxwork . in the middle of the room be a large pot fill with boil wax . a staircase be at the far end of the room , lead up . exhibit parlor - night MARK and sarah enter in through the same `staff only ' door that inspector robert use . they walk past the werewolf exhibit and MARK notice the strange resemblance to tony . MARK sar . before he can finish , MARK notice that she have go off . she 's stand in front of the marquis do sade exhibit again . MARK ( whisper ) Sarah ! what be you do ?! we have to burn the victimless display ! move it ! come on girl , move it ! MARK have set himself down in front of a live dead display and be get read to douse it with lighter fluid . MARK Sarah , come on ! the familiar sound of someone enter a exhibit be hear . MARK Sarah ? MARK himself be suddenly push into the exhibit . we see stand behind he han and junior junior bravo ! the prince chamber - day the marquis do sade and the prince be stand in front of a attendant . prince to a divine lunch Marquis the two toast . prince well , be we riding , or do you have something slightly more vigorous for this afternoon 's entertainment . marquis do sade I do not know about you you majesty , but I do get so bored with whipping - whore . the marquis snap he finger and sarah ( wear a blindfold and a white gown ) be lead in by two attendent . one of the attendent remove the blindfold . marquis do sade how would you like to ride this little philly , until she drop ? prince what a wonderful idea . what fine line . so fit . so unbroken . someday you can show I the rest of you stable . marquis do sade ( put on he whipping glove ) shall we see , how long it will take , to break she ? ( turn to the prince for he crop ) May I ? prince well of course . marquis do sade please , have a seat . while the prince take a seat , two attendent strap sarah wrist in iron which be hang from the ceiling . they then undo the strap on the back of she gown , revealing she bare back . marquis do sade ( remove sarah wig ) what a beautiful sight no ? first , I be go to warm you up with the Prince 's riding crop , after which I be go to hand you to the Prince and he consort to use you like the whore you be . then my beauty , I shall beat you again , until you die . the marquis hit sarah once , and we be transport to . graveyard - night - black and white MARK look at he surroundings . there be many gravestone all around he . Three or four figure can be see approach . MARK be walk backwards when a zombie grab he foot . MARK fall to the ground and be struggle with the zombie and we see more approach . MARK grab a nearby rock and beat the Zombies wrist with it , until its hand be chop off . MARK begin make he way towards the gate but the hand be still attach to he leg . he pull it off only to have it grab on to he wrist . it do this twice ( one on each hand ) . the Zombies be fast approach . MARK look at the top of the gate and see that it be spike . he take a leap and plunge the hand onto one of the spike . he then throw the gate open and be greet with the blue barrier . the Zombies continue come . MARK feel around the barrier , realize what it be . he turn , and face down the oncoming horde . MARK none of this be real . I be force in here . if I do not believe in you , then you do not exist . the Zombies look at each other . MARK shit I hope I be right . MARK leap towards the barrier and land in . waxwork - exhibit parlor - night junior and han stand outside the exhibit . junior grab he ! han chase after MARK try to grab hold of he but MARK out run he and run toward the marquis do sade exhibit . he leap and land in . french hallway - day MARK be in dark hallway but ray of sunlight come in from behind he . a sole french guard be on duty . guard ( with gun out ) De vous . ket have vula . MARK ( hold he hand up ) I be sorry . I have never be very good at language . MARK grab the gun and toss the guard against the wall . the two struggle but MARK finally throw he into a iron door , knock he unconscious . the prince chamber - day marquis do sade I have never see a girl , take so much . she 's a even bigger whore than I first think . prince then why you stop Marquis ? beat she more . marquis do sade but you highness . if I beat she more , she may not survive . and then , you will not have a chance to feel this white virgin flesh . prince then we shall pleasure another of you slut . I want to see this whore die at the whip now . marquis do sade as you highness wish . the marquis take he whip from the wall . marquis do sade now , my pretty rise ; you die . french hallway - day MARK stand outside a door hold the gun . slowly he push the door open . Inside be a chamber with woman dress scantily . room - daygirl lucky bitch . just because she be a virgin she get to get beat in front of the English Prince ? I mean , we be all virgin once . MARK give up on this room and continue down the hallway . the prince chamber the marquis do sade be whipping away at sarah . MARK enter from between some curtain . the prince and two guard draw they weapon . the marquis stop whipping and look on . sarah ( in gasped breath ) please do not stop . please whip I more . do not stop . do not stop . more. MARK walk up to sarah and unlock she iron . the marquis look on . sarah then turn , and grab on to the marquis be leg . sarah I do not want to leave . do not let he take I . marquis do sade it seem , she prefer we company , young man . I must say , you girlfriend give up quite a entertaining show . what a slut she be . MARK until the girl die you do not really exist . you be just trap in you little world . you word mean nothing . marquis do sade oh do not be angry , just because she have she first orgasm at the end of a whip , and not by you touch . MARK Sarah listen to I . sarah go away . MARK remember tony ? China ? this people butcher you friend ! do not you understand ? you be be possess . it all start when you look into the display . this people may have kill you friend but they can not harm you . not unless you mind allow they to ! watch . MARK hand the gun over to the marquis who smile . marquis do sade you friend , have quite a imagination MARK come on . shoot I . hit I ! or be you scared ? afraid to look like a coward . afraid that she might see that the Marquis de sade can only beat little girl . and can not fight like a real man ! the marquis lower the gun and shoot . the bullet pass through MARK and hit the opposite wall . MARK see. exactly . the marquis push sarah away and walk up to MARK . he strike through MARK again and again with he whip , but have no effect . he then step back with the prince . MARK walk up to sarah who be now hold out she hand . he take it and lift she up . marquis do not look so smug boy . we shall be meeting again . MARK and sarah exit the chamber , go down the hallway , and come to the iron door . MARK move the guard out of the way , and show sarah the barrier by put he hand through it . MARK this be the barrier . if you do not believe in all of this , then the barrier , it can not stop you . MARK put he arm through this time . MARK see . now be you ready ? be you ready ? sarah nod she head and grab onto mark hand . the two of they step through the barrier and land on the ground , directly in front of han , junior , and mr lincoln . the two stand up MARK well it look like you little plan fail . mr lincoln and han grab they and cover they mouth . mr lincoln just a little precaution . gemma ( off screen ) do you really think they will be here ? jame honey , I know just as much as you . some guy with a squeaky voice call and say to meet they here at midnight . ( admire the waxwork ) they be good be not they ? gemma ( walk over to the marquis exhibit ) I suppose so . jame ( over at the live dead exhibit ) wow ! the glass from ` nutty Zomby from Hell ' ! I have gotta have that for my collection . hey gem . we hear the familiar sound of someone enter a exhibit , and gemma be go . jame woman . jame look around . jame no one gonna miss `em . jame step into the live dead exhibit . junior look at he watch . junior he be late ! mr lincoln shut up and watch . jame and gemma both appear in they respected exhibit . mr lincoln it 's do . mr lincoln and han release MARK and sarah . mr lincoln live my child . live . the blue lightning begin to dance around the room and the exhibit slowly start to come to life , right down to the zombie hand on the gate . one by one we be treat to each of the exhibit , show the ghastly horror of they all . MARK and sarah begin walk away - as quick as possible . mr lincoln run. run . there 's nowhere to run . the duo be just about to the door when the mad lumberjack ( from the first exhibit they see ) stand in front of they , axe at the ready . suddenly , a arrow pierce through he chest . the door burst open revealing sir wilfred and a large band of slayer . MARK wilfre ? sir wilfred he 's right you know . there be no where to run . if one of this get out , the world will be contaminate within a few day . we only chance to contain they be here , before this whole rotting place be bring to the ground . jenkins we be all here , and ready sir ! MARK Jenkins ! jenkins good evening sir . sir wilfred very good . this belong to you grandfather ( hand MARK and sarah sword ) use they wisely . let make sure that this wiseass be toast before we burn they ! hoooooooooo !!!! sir wilfred and company charge into the fray . sir wilfred have outfit he wheelchair so it now resemble a battlewagon . the two force collide . jonathan can be see beat the hell out of a few member of the company , as be the marquis . mr lincoln exit the battle . a mad doctor be get ready to kill one of the slayer slayer # 1 help I ! help I ! get he ! get he ! sarah respond by plunging she sword into the doctor be side . MARK meanwhile , be attack by the tribal indian . the two trade punch until finally MARK toss he over and plunge the sword into he chest . jame , who be now a zombie , attack sarah sarah James its I , Sarah , James its I ! sorry . sarah toss jame against the wall and another slayer kill he . one slayer be try to douse gasoline , but mr lincoln reappear , with gun in hand , and shoot he dead . we also find china , now vampirize , and miss a chunk of skin from where inspector robert go digging , be try to make amend with MARK . china oh Mark . it 's ok . it 's ok . MARK China . what happen ? china shhh . it 's ok . I miss you so much . china begin kissing MARK , aim for he neck when jenkins plunge a stake through she . jenkins it 's all right sir . she , uh , be not human you know . she 's be dead a long time . come on , we have get battle to win ! jonathan be still out beat up the slayer . he grab sarah and hoist she in the air . jonathan kiss I Sarah sarah ( head but he ) kiss this ! sarah pick up the lumberjacks axe and plunge it into jonathan neck . meanwhile , gemma have now find MARK . gemma Mark . you have always want I . now 's you chance baby . you afraid of I ? take I ! MARK ( pick up a rifle ) take this . MARK blow gemma away . MARK observe the battlefield and see han come up on jenkins MARK watch out Jenkins ! behind you ! MARK take a shot and miss . he realize it 's only a double - barrel shotgun so he pick up he sword . han have now plunged a knife into jenkins . MARK run up and plunge he sword deep into han . MARK Jenkins . can I get you some help ? jenkins too late for that sir . give my love to the miss . get that bastard ! a zombie be lie in wait in the grass . MARK stab it once and it die . he then stand up and look determine to kill something . more general carnage go on and we see a group of slayer have dracula cornere . slayer # 2 I be gunna carve you dracula pull he cape across he body . slayer # 3 wait he 's change ! sure enough , dracula have take on bat form . he fly over the group try to make he exit . slayer # 4 however , grab the bat . slayer # 4 make my day . with that , he blow off the bat head . MARK and sarah continue to help slay the monster . then sarah run across junior . sarah you , you little bastard . junior mmmp ! sarah grab junior and hold he above the little shop of horror plant . plant feed I ! sarah drop junior into the plant . meanwhile , tony ( as werewolf ) attack sir wilfred . sir wilfred fight he off , but it be MARK who deliver the kill blow . MARK ( admire he sword ) Silver . sir wilfred tally -ho ! MARK spy the marquis from across the battlefield . the marquis run at he but a dead corpse run into he . MARK duck into the `staff only ' room . marquis damn ! one of the gas pourer die and he lighter set fire to the douse floor . the fire quickly spread . meanwhile , MARK find himself in the basement of the waxwork . he hide around a corner , wait for the marquis . mr lincoln , who dodge in here before hand , see this and climb for higher ground . the marquis enter the room and he and MARK begin swordplay . the marquis easily disarm MARK . marquis do sade now we shall see , who be the real man . the marquis toss the sword back to MARK while mr lincoln look on . the marquis disarm MARK again , and again toss the sword back . more swordplay . the marquis be obviously have fun with this . MARK go for some good ol ' fashioned american tactic and deck the marquis squarely in the solar plexus , knock he off they platform . MARK leap down , but be again disarm . this time , the marquis hold the sword to he throat . the marquis look up to mr lincoln who be hold he thumb up in the old Roman fashion . the marquis salute . mr lincoln ( turn he thumb down ) kill the wimp . marquis do sade School time 's over . now you die . suddenly the lumberjack axe bury itself into the marquis back . he slowly turn around and see that sarah be he killer . sarah and MARK run at each and be united down by the pool of boil wax . mr lincoln ( pull a gun from a hide spot ) how romantic . MARK one last thing before you kill we lincoln . mr lincoln you know my name . MARK I should . you murder my grandfather . mr lincoln you be a loftmore ? Old hallow grandchild . well well well what a coincidence its such a small world . MARK well then why do you want to end it ? mr lincoln somebody have to . see you in hell . mr lincoln aim the gun at sarah and MARK . sir wilfred however see this and shoot mr lincoln . mr lincoln take a few die shot , and fall off the balcony into the pool of wax . MARK stand up and smile to sir wilfred MARK thanks ! you ok Sarah ? sarah nod she head , then scream as mr lincoln come out of the wax pool , grab MARK by the shoulder . mr lincoln would you like a closer look ? with that , mr lincoln fall back into the pool . sarah ( to sir wilfred ) watch out ! the flame ! sir wilfred do not worry about I young people , save yourselves ! the man ( as werewolf ) walk up behind sir wilfred and proceed to twist off he head sir wilfred ( in he die word ) go on ! oh my goodness ! the flame quickly engulf wilfred and the man ( as werewolf ) and then abruptly make they way downstairs . large flame ignite in front of the only exit out . MARK pull down a towel from the wall and hand part of it to sarahmark this be we only chance . the two pull the towel over they head and jump through the basement window . upstair , the waxwork be burn madly , with exhibit fall down on people leave and right . we see that inspector robert be still alive , albeit in the sarcophagus . inspector robert help ! sarah and MARK make it outside and turn to see the waxwork slowly burn . a huge explosion then rip through the waxwork , ignite any of it that be not burn already . the two stand outside and hold each other for a while . slowly the camera zoom in on the destruction and we see slight movement . the zombie hand be still alive . it slowly make its way out of the rubble and across the lawn . cue waxwork title -melt cue ` it 's my Party ' which play during the credit . cue credit 1 1