" sideways " screenplay by Alexander Payne &amp ; Jim Taylor base on the novel by rex pickett May 29 , 2003 under the studio logo : knocking at a door and distant dog barking . now under black , a card -- saturday the rapping , at first tentative and polite , grow insistent . then we hear someone get out of bed . mile ( o.s. ) ... the fuck ... a door be open , and the black give way to blinding white light , the way one experience the first glimpse of day amid , say , a hangover . a worker be there . mile ( o.s. ) yeah ? worker hi , mile . can you move you car , please ? mile ( o.s. ) why ? worker the painter get to put the truck in , and you do not park too good . mile ( o.s. ) ( a sigh , then --) yeah , hold on . he close the door with a slam . ext . miles' apartment complex - day superimpose -- san diego , california wearing only underwear , a bathrobe and clog , mile raymond come out of he unit and head toward the street . he pass some six mexican wait to work . he climb into he twelve - year - old convertible saab , park far from the curb and block part of the driveway . the car start fitfully . as he pull away , the guy begin back up the truck . ext . STREET - day mile round the corner and find a new parking spot . int . car - continuous he cut the engine , exhales a long breath and bring he hand to he head in a gesture of headache pain or just anguish . he lean back in he seat , close he eye , and soon nods off . int . miles' apartment - day the door burst open . mile run into the kitchen , look just past camera . mile fuck ! whip pan to -- the microwave clock that read 10:50 . on the phone -- mile hurriedly throw clothes into a suitcase . mile yeah , no , I know I say I would be there by noon , but there 's be all this work go on at my building , and it 's like a total nightmare , and I have a bunch of stuff to deal with this morning . but I be on my way . I be out the door right this second . it 's go to be great . yeah . bye . int . miles' bathroom - day on the toilet -- mile have a book propped open on he knee . he turn a page , lose in he read . later -- mile shower . in the mirror -- mile flosses . int . coffee house - day mile finally make it to the front of the line . barista hey , mile . mile hey , Simon . triple espresso , please . barista Rough night , huh ? ( ringing it up ) for here ? mile no , I be run late . make it to go . and give I a New York Times and ... ( scan the display case ) ...a spinach croissant . ext . 5 freeway entrance ramp - day mile 's saab chug up the ramp and merge . insert - new york time crossword puzzle -- -- press against the steering wheel . the puzzle be about 1 / 3 finish . ext . 5 freeway - day as though from a adjacent car , we see mile drive while carefully fill in a answer . int . / ext . saab - day through the windshield -- a sign read : rancho palos verde palos verde estate 1/4 mile pan to mile as he signal to change lane . the finish puzzle lie on the passenger seat . ext . palos verde STREET - day the house on this block be blandly palatial as in so many affluent Southern California suburb . mile 's car pull into the driveway behind a older BMW and two lexi . he get out and trot toward the front door . int . erganian house - day a giant projection tv -- in a large split- level live room display a golf tournament . wide -- watch from the ultra-comfortable furniture be mike erganian , a tan , silver - haire real estate caudillo ; bride - to -be christine erganian , he oldest daughter ; and jack lopate , wear bowl shirt , short and flip -flops . mrs . erganian , a warm and elegant housewife , show mile into the room . mrs . erganian look what the cat drag ! mile hi , everybody . Mr. erganian and Jack get to they foot and shake hand with mile . Jack remain affable , but we can discern he genuine irritation . jack about time you get here , bud . Mr. prompt . mr. erganian we be think maybe you take the wrong way and go to Tijuana and they do not let you back in . the erganian laugh . mile work up a smile too . mile I have to bribe they . more lame laughter . christine hey , mile . mile ( lean in to kiss christine ) seriously though , the freeway be unbelievable today . unbelievable . bumper to bumper the whole way . people get a early start on the weekend , I guess . grant I get a late start , but still . although Mr. erganian press mute on the remote , he keep watch for a extend moment , as do Jack and mile . mrs . erganian christine , why do not you ask mile about the cake ? christine oh , good idea . here , mile , come to the kitchen with I . jack do not bother he with that . we get to get go . christine ( take mile 's hand ) it will just take a second . int . erganian kitchen - day Jack and the erganian surround mile as he eat from a plate with two piece of cake -- one white , one dark . mrs . erganian Jack tell we you be publishing a book . congratulation . mr. erganian yes , congratulation . mile shoot Jack a look . Mr. erganian get some ice cube from the refrigerator door . mile yeah , well , it 's not exactly finalize yet , but , um , there have be some interest and -- mrs . erganian ( to Jack ) you friend be modest . jack yeah , mile , do not be so modest . indulge they . do not make I out to be a liar . mr. erganian what subject be you book ? non - fiction ? mile no , it 's a novel . fiction . although there 's a lot from my own life , so I guess technically some of it be non - fiction . mr. erganian good , I like non-fiction . there be so much to know about the world that I think read a story someone just invent be kind of a waste of time . christine so which one do you like better ? mile I like they both , but if press I would have to say I prefer the dark . jack ( to christine ) see ? int . saab - continuous in a rear view mirror -- the erganian wave good - bye . inside the car -- mile accelerate as he and Jack wave back . jack where the fuck be you , man ? I be die in there . we be suppose to be a hundred mile away by now . mile I can not help the traffic . jack come on . you be fuck hungover . mile okay , there be a taste last night . but I want to get we some stuff for the ride up . check out the box . Jack turn around , and start root around in a cardboard wine BOX . mile why do you tell they my book be be publish ? jack you say you have it all line up . mile no , I do not . what I say be that my agent have hear there be some interest at conundrum ... jack yeah , conundrum . mile ... and that one of the editor be pass it up to a senior editor . she be suppose to hear something this week , but now it 's next week , and ... it 's always like this . it 's always a fuck wait game . I have be through it too many time already . jack I do not know . senior editor ? sound like you be in to I . mile it 's a long shot , all right ? and conundrum be just a small specialty press anyway . I be not get my hope up . I have stop caring . that 's it . I have stop caring . Jack sit back in he seat hold up a bottle of champagne and two glass . jack but I know it 's go to happen this time . I can feel it . this be the one . I be proud of you , man . you be the smartest guy I know . Jack now begin to remove the foil from the champagne bottle . mile do not open that now . it 's warm . jack come on , we be celebrate . I say we pop it . mile that 's a 1992 Byron . it 's really rare . do not open it now . I have be save it ! Jack untwist the wire . instantly the cork pop off , and a fountain of champagne erupt . mile for Christ 's sake , Jack ! you just waste like half of it ! Jack begin pour two glass . jack shut up . ( hand mile a glass ) here 's to a great week . mile ( come around ) yes. absolutely . despite you crass behavior , I be really glad we be finally get this time together . jack yeah . mile you know how long I have be begging to take you on the wine tour . I be beginning to think it be never go to happen . they clink and drink . jack oh , that 's tasty . mile 100 % pinot noir . single vineyard . they do not even make it anymore . jack pinot noir ? how come it 's white ? do not noir mean dark ? mile Jesus . do not ask question like that up in the wine country . they will think you be a moron . jack just tell I . mile Color in the red wine come from the skin . this juice be free run , so there 's no skin contact in the fermentation , ergo no color . jack ( not really listen ) sure be tasty . ext . freeway - day the saab head north . int . saab - day the boy continue to drink and drive . mile do you read the latest draft , by the way ? jack oh , yeah . yeah . mile and ? jack I like it a lot . a lot of improvement . it just seem overall , I do not know , tighter , more ... congeal or something . mile how about the new end ? do you like that ? jack oh yeah . much better . mile there be no new end . page 750 on be exactly the same . jack well , then I guess it must have feel new because everything lead up to it be so different . int . gas station # 1 - day mile be pump gas . Jack be stretch he leg nearby or perhaps clean the windshield . a cellphone ring . Jack reach into he pocket . jack ( look at the phone ) it 's christine . ( snap it open ) hey you . christine ( on phone ) you guy have fun ? christine 's voice be so loud that Jack have to hold the phone away from he ear . jack yeah . all twenty minute so far have be a blast . christine ( on the phone ) good . that 's good . a silence , then -- jack so what 's up ? christine ( on the phone ) just see how you be do . and , um , Mom and I be start to look over the seating chart again , and we be wonder if you want tony levin to sit next to the feldman , or should he be at one of the singles table ? Jack look at mile in a mute appeal for sympathy . christine ( on the phone ) so what do you think ? with the feldman ? Jack have not even really hear the question . jack yeah . the feldman . as the conversation continue , mile replace the gas pump , screw the gas cap back on , and together the guy get back into the car . we drive away with they . christine ( on the phone ) really ? because I do not know , I be think that -- jack well , then put he at the singles table . christine ( on the phone ) the problem with that be that then there 's one extra -- jack then put he with the feldman . whatever you and you Mom decide be fine with I . christine ( on the phone ) do not dismiss I . I be try to include you in this decision . he 's you friend . jack I do not dismiss you . I tell you what I think , but it do not seem to matter , so you decide . besides , this be suppose to be my time with mile . I hope you be not go to call every five minute . christine ( on the phone ) I be not go to call every five minute , but this be important . jack honey , I be just say you know I need a little space before the wedding . be not that the point of this ? be not that what we talk about with Dr. gertler ? a silence . then -- christine ( on the phone ) why be you be so defensive ? jack I do not know , christine . perhaps it 's because I feel attack . christine ( on the phone ) I ask you one simple question , and suddenly I be attack you . jack listen . I will call you when we get there , and we can talk about it then , okay ? christine ( on the phone ) bye . jack I love you . christine ( on the phone ) bye . Jack slam he cellphone shut , momentarily blind with rage . mile tony levin ? why do you fuck invite tony levin ? ext . 405 freeway - late afternoon the saab head north -- now pass through los angele . int . / ext . saab - late afternoon mile signal and begin to head for a exit . jack whoa , why be we get off ? mile I have just get to make one quick stop . wo not take a second . jack what ? mile I think we could just say a quick hello to my mother . jack you mother ? Jesus , mile , we be suppose to be up there hour ago . mile it 's she birthday tomorrow . and I do not feel right drive by she house and not stop in , okay ? it will just take a second . she 's right off the freeway . ext . 101 freeway - late afternoon the saab take a exit . jack ( o.s. ) how old 's she go to be ? mile ( o.s. ) um ... seventy ... something . jack ( o.s. ) that 's a good age . omit . omit . ext . condo community STREET - dusk the saab round a corner and park in front of a modest condo . superimpose : oxnard , california ext . miles' mother' condo - dusk approach the front door , mile pull a bouquet of flowers out of a plastic grocery store bag . Jack carry a bottle of champagne . mile pull a birthday card out of the bag too . mile wait a second . he pull a pen from he pocket and sign it . as he lick the envelope , Jack ring the bell . moment later phyllis come to the door . she be a matronly older woman in a nightgown and housecoat . mile and jack surprise ! happy birthday ! the boy offer up the flower and champagne . Phyllis slur slightly as she speak -- she 's be do some celebrate of she own . phyllis my god. mile . and Jack ! what a surprise . I can not remember the last time you bring I flower . they hug . jack they be from both of we . phyllis a famous actor bring I flower on my birthday . do not I feel special ? mile a famous actor who 's get marry next week . phyllis oh , that 's right . be not that nice ? I hope that girl know how lucky she be , marrying no less than derek summersby . the boy follow she inside . int . miles' mother' condo - continuous jack jeez , Mrs. Raymond , that be eleven year ago . phyllis well , you be wonderful on that show . I never understand why they have to give you that brain tumor so soon . why that do not make you the biggest movie star in the world be a sin . it 's a sin . jack yeah , well , you should be my agent . phyllis if I be , I would sing you praise up and down the street until they put I in the loony bin . now mile , why do not you tell I you be come and bring this handsome man ? look how I be dress . I have get to run and put my face on . jack you look fabulous , Mrs. Raymond . phyllis ( over she shoulder ) oh , stop it . make yourselves comfortable . ( now around the corner ) you boy hungry ? mile yeah , I be hungry . Jack give mile a look . mile ( low ) just a snack . calm down . mile lead Jack into this small condo . the tv be on , and it 's messy . amid the newspaper and junk mail and dish , a ab-roller and a ancient schwinn exer -cycle sit forget in a corner . int . miles' mother' kitchen - night mile finish twist ice trays into a mop bucket as it fill with water in the sink . he put the champagne in and carry it into the -- int . miles' mother' live room - continuous he take a seat on the sofa next to Jack , who be watch who want to be a millionaire ? mile let I show you something . the secret to open champagne be that once the cork be release , you keep pressure on it so you do not -- jack ( concentrate on the tv ) just a second . guy 's go for $ 2500 . mile finish open the bottle with a elegant silence . phyllis ( o.s. ) ready for my close up ! the boy turn to see Phyllis now dolled up in thick make - up and a pantsuit . her eyebrow be paint and cock -ey . overall she look much worse than before . phyllis oh , champagne ! mile , why do not you bring that out onto the lanai ? I think we could eat on the lanai . ext . miles' mother' lanai - night mile and Jack be seat in webbed chair around a circular glass table . they be mid-meal . everyone be more than a little lubricate , especially the birthday girl as she return from the kitchen with another plate of food . jack Mrs. Raymond , this be delicious . absolutely delicious . phyllis ( sit ) they be just leftover . jack be it chicken ? phyllis I could have make something fancier if a certain someone have let I know that a certain someone be come for a visit with a certain special friend . could have make a pork roast . mile it be a surprise , Mom . phyllis and I could have already put clean sheet on the other bed and the fold - out . you be stay . Wendy , ron and the twin be pick we up at 11:30 to go to brunch at the Sheraton . they do a magnificent job there . Wendy be so excited you be come . silence . Jack freeze , he fork halfway to he mouth . mile you talk to Wendy ? phyllis just now . she 's thrilled . and the kid . mile ( try to be chipper ) yeah , well . you know , Jack 's pretty eager to get up to ... you know , but , uh , yeah . we will see how it go . phyllis well , you boy do what you want . I just think it would be nice for we to be together as a family on my birthday . mile uh-huh. ( wiping he mouth ) I will be right back . he get up and head into the house . int . miles' apartment hallway - night mile head toward ... int . miles' apartment bedroom - night ... and go directly to she dresser , open a drawer fill with bras , panty and stocking . he burrow through he mother 's lingerie until locating a can of raid . a can of raid ? he twist open the bottom and pull it apart , revealing it to be a secret stash for valuable disguise as a common household product . Inside be stack of one -hundre dollar bill . mile ( quickly peel some off ) ...six , seven , eight , ... ( one more for good luck ) nine . his task complete , he close the drawer , and as he stuff the bill in he pocket , he glance fall upon framed photo atop the dresser -- -- a proud nine - year-old mile pose in front of he childhood San Diego home , show off a wagon fill with freshly harvest lettuce . on the wagon be a hand - lettere sign -- " 10 cent a bunch . " -- a sear portrait show the raymond family : a much young Phyllis , she husband , and they two child -- a 12 - year - old mile and seven - year - old Wendy . -- mile at he wedding . he and he bride victoria look young and attractive , they face radiant and hopeful . int . miles' apartment bathroom - night mile enter , flush the toilet and leave . ext . miles' mother' lanai - night as mile slide open the door and take he seat again , Jack be pour Phyllis another glass . phyllis and what be that other one you do , the one where you be the jogger ? jack oh , that be for , uh , wait ... that be for spray and wash . phyllis spray and wash . that 's the one . jack yeah , I remember the girl who be in it with I . she be something . phyllis I just remember you jogging . so when 's the wedding ? mile ( irritate ) this Saturday , Mom , remember ? we tell you . jack and mile be my best man , Mrs. Raymond . my main man . phyllis ( another drink of wine ) mile , when be you go to get marry again ? mile I just get divorced . Phyllis . jack two year ago , buddy . phyllis you should get back together with Victoria . she be good for you . embarrass for he friend , Jack just stare at he food . phyllis she be good for you . ( turn to Jack ) and so beautiful and intelligent . you know she , right ? jack oh , yeah . Real well . still do . phyllis I be worried about you , mile . do you need some money ? mile I be fine . mile take another drink of wine . CUT to black : under black , a card -- sunday mile ( o.s. ) Jack . Jack . int . miles' apartment bedroom - day Jack finally awaken with a start and find mile stand above he , shaking he . wide -- as Jack get up , we see he have crash on Phyllis 's bed adorn with all she decorative pillow . int . miles' mother' live room - day still in she pantsuit and smear makeup , Phyllis lie sprawle and snore on the sofa . on the tv , ostensibly never turn off the night before , be a inane cartoon . as mile open the front door , he spot Jack head toward the tv to turn it off . mile wave he off . mile ( a loud whisper ) she will wake up . as they leave and mile close the front door quietly behind he , we pan to the flower still wrap and forget on a side table . int . roadside IHOP - day two plate of food float in front of two breast tuck inside a zippere uniform . wider -- dishevel and unshaven , Jack and mile be serve breakfast by a young , innocently sexy waitress . Jack leer after she . jack fuck , man . too early in the morning for that , you know what I mean ? mile she 's a kid , Jack . I do not even look at that stuff anymore . jack that 's you problem , mile . mile as if she would even be attract to guy like we in the first place . jack speak for yourself . I get chick look at I all the time . all age . mile it 's not worth it . you pay too big a price . it 's never free . they eat in silence a moment . jack you need to get laid . mile shrug off the comment . jack it would be the best thing for you . you know what ? I be go to get you laid this week . that 's go to be my best man gift to you . I be not go to give you a pen knife or a gift certificate or any of that other horseshit . mile I would rather have a knife . jack no. no . you have be officially depressed for like two year now , and you be always a negative guy anyway , even in college . now it 's worse -- you be waste away . Teaching English to fuck eighth - grader when they should be read what you write . you book . mile I be work on it . mile concentrate on he egg and hash brown jack you still see that shrink ? mile I go on Monday . but I spend most of the time help he with he computer . jack well , I say fuck therapy and what 's that stuff you take , xanax ? mile and lexapro , yes . jack well , I say fuck that . you need to get you joint work on , that 's what you need . mile Jack . this week be not about I . it 's about you . I be go to show you a good time . we be go to drink a lot of good wine , play some golf , eat some great food , enjoy the scenery and send you off in style . jack and get you bone smooch . Jack spot the waitress come out of the kitchen and motion for more coffee . she nod and smile , indicate she will be right over . Jack return the smile and hold up a hand to signal he will wait . Jack turn back to see mile watch he . jack what ? ext . central coast - day in a series of shot , the saab -- now with its top down -- make its way onto the 101 and travel past landmark that that familiar with the Santa Barbara area might recognize . music accompany this sequence that anchor we into the rhythm of a road trip . int . / ext . saab - day the car now descend the Santa ynez Mountains and head toward buellton . mile and Jack must shout to be hear in the open car . mile you know what ? let 's take the Santa Rosa turnoff and hit sanford first . jack whatever 's close , man . I need a glass . mile this guy make top-notch pinot and chardonnay . one of the best producer in Santa Barbara county . ( look out the window ) look how beautiful this view be . what a day ! jack I think you hate chardonnay . mile I like all varietal . I just do not generally like the way they manipulate chardonnay in California -- too much oak and secondary malolactic fermentation . ext . santa rosa turn - off - day the saab pass over the 101 and turn onto santa rosa road . int . / ext . saab - day the boy now pass vineyard of immaculate grapevine . mile Jesus , what a day ! be not it gorgeous ? and the ocean 's just right over that ridge . see , the reason this region 's great for pinot be that the cold air off the Pacific flow in at night through this transverse valley and cool down the berry . pinot 's a very thin -skin grape and do not like heat or humidity . Jack look at mile , admire he friend 's vast learn and articulateness . the saab now pull of the road and make its way down a long gravel driveway . jack hey , mile . I really hope you novel sell . mile thanks , Jack . so do i. ( notice ) here we be . ext . sanford tasting room - day mile bring the car to a stop in the parking lot . as they get out and walk -- mile so what would you guy finally decide on for the menu ? jack I tell you . Filet and salmon . mile yeah , but how be they make the salmon ? poached with a yogurt - dill sauce ? teriyaki ? curry ? jack I do not know . salmon . do not you always have white wine with fish ? mile oh , Jesus . look , at some point we have to find out because it 's go to make a big difference . jack ( take out he phone ) let I call christine . mile do not have to be now . let 's go taste . jack I owe she a call anyway . mile must curb he eagerness to go inside the taste room as Jack speed dial . jack hey , honey . so we be up here about to taste some white , and we need to know how the caterer be go to make the salmon . Jack listen , then grow suddenly impatient . jack no , I know , I do not forget , but we wound up at mile 's mom 's house , and it get really late , and it be hard to call , so I be call you now . I say I be sorry . yes , I do . ( to mile ) you hear I say I be sorry , right ? mile just shrug . jack mile hear I say I be sorry . as Jack get more and more involved with the phone call , he wander off across the parking lot , progressively out of earshot . jack give I a break , will you ? I just call to find out about the salmon -- for we wedding -- to be more involved , like you say -- and all you want to do be get into it about last night and , okay , I be sorry . I be sorry I do not call . you be totally right . I know , but I be try to make this the best wedding I can with the best wine we can find . do not I get any credit for that ? okay . look , I have get to go . I be out here in the parking lot , and mile be wait for I ... and so it go , Jack 's voice rise and fall . mile decide to head inside . int . sanford tasting room - day mile be at the bar , two glass in front of he . Jack walk in and belly up next to he . jack ( proudly ) bake with a butter- lime glaze . mile now we be talk . CHRIS burroughs , a pourer in a cowboy hat and ponytail , come over . CHRIS this be the condemn man ? mile here he be . Jack , Chris . Chris , Jack . Chris and Jack shake hand . jack how you do ? CHRIS you guy want to start with the vin gris ? jack sound good . two glass be fill with small amount of pinot noir vin gris . jack this be rise , right ? mile good , yeah , it be a rise . only this one be rather atypically make from 100 % pinot noir . jack pinot noir ? not again ! ( joke , to Chris ) you know , not all pinots be noir . they laugh . mile swirl he glass in tight circle on the bar , then lift it to smell . Jack clumsily imitate mile , perhaps even spilling some wine in the process . mile let I show you . we see detail of what mile now describe . mile first take you glass and examine the wine against the light . you be look at color and clarity . jack what color be it suppose to be ? mile depend on the varietal . just get a sense of it . thick ? thin ? watery ? syrupy ? inky ? amber , whatever ... jack huh . mile now tip it . what you be do here be check for color density as it thin toward the rim . tell you how old it be , among other thing , usually more important with red . this be a very young wine , so it 's go to retain its color pretty solidly . now stick you nose in it . Jack wave the glass under he nose as if it be a perfume bottle . mile do not be shy . get you nose in there . Jack now bury he nose in the glass . mile what do you smell ? jack I do not know . wine ? ferment grape ? mile smell . mile there 's not much there yet , but you can still find ... ( more sniff ) ...a little citrus ... maybe some strawberry ... passion fruit ... and there 's even a hint of like asparagus ... or like a nutty edam cheese . Jack smell again and begin to brighten . jack huh . maybe a little strawberry . yeah , strawberry . I be not so sure about the cheese . mile now set you glass down and get some air into it . mile expertly swirl the wine . Jack follow suit . mile oxygenate it open it up , unlock the aroma and the flavor . very important . now we smell again . they do so . Jack smile . mile that 's what you do with every one . jack when do we get to drink it ? mile now . Jack gulp he wine down in one shot . mile chew he before swallow . jack how would you rate this one ? mile usually they start you on the wine with learn disability , but this one 's pretty damn good . ( to Chris ) this be the new one , right , Chris ? CHRIS released it about two month ago . mile Nice job . CHRIS we like it . jack ( to mile ) you know , you could work in a wine store . mile yeah , that would be a good move . now mile notice something about Jack . mile be you chew gum ? jack want some ? ext . solvang , california - day the saab pass through this danish - theme tourist town . superimpose -- solvang ext . buellton , california - day the saab make its way into this very average - look Central coast town right off the freeway . superimpose -- buellton ext . windmill inn - day the saab pull into the parking lot of this motel . and look -- there 's the windmill itself , its decorative blade motionless . int . motel room - day mile and Jack enter the room and throw they suitcase onto they respective bed . later -- the sound of a shower and off -key singing come from the bathroom while mile sit impatiently on the bed . he pound on the wall . mile hey Jack , hurry up ! jack ( o.s. ) just a minute ! open the bedside drawer , mile find a gideone bible and toss it in the trash -- apparently he hotel routine . ext . highway 246 - dusk freshly shower and dress for dinner , mile and Jack amble along the shoulder of this busy local two - lane highway . they pass a mall and a car dealership . jack I think you say it be close . now I be all pitte out . mile it 's not even a mile . jack we should have drive . mile not with the wine list this people have . we do not want to hold back . jack you think I be make a mistake marrying christine ? mile whoa . jack come on , do you think I be do the right thing ? tell the truth . you have be through it . mile well , you wait for good reason , and you propose to christine for some good reason . so I think it 's great . it 's time . you have get to have you eye open , that 's all . I mean , look at I . I think Victoria and I be set for life . jack christine 's dad -- he 's be talk about bring I into he property business . show I the rope . and that 's something , consider how long it take he to get over I be not armenian . so I be think about it . but I do not know , might get a little incestuous . but Mike do pretty well . a lot of high - end commercial stuff . mile so you be go to stop act ? jack no way . this would just provide some stability be what I be say . I can always squeeze in a audition or a commercial here and there , you know , keep myself in the game in case something big come along . mile uh-huh . jack we be not get any young , right ? and my career , well , it 's get pretty , you know , frustrating . even with my new manager . maybe it 's time to settle down . mile if that 's what feel right . jack ( convincing himself ) it do . feel right . mile then it 's a good thing . jack ( nodd , feel better ) yeah . it 's good . feel good . mile lead they away from the road and across a parking lot . the camera pan to reveal -- the hitching post , a local institution . int . hitching post bar - dusk mile and Jack belly up . gary , the samoan bartender , spot mile and extend a welcoming hand . gary hey , mile . Long time no see . mile Gary . gary when 's that novel of yours come out ? we all want to read it . mile soon , soon . say , this be my buddy Jack . he 's get marry next week . gary ( shaking Jack 's hand ) my condolence . mile what be you pour tonight ? gary lot of good stuff . ( look at a row of bottle ) get the new Bien nacido . want a taste ? mile absolutement . ( to Jack ) they have they own label that 's just outstanding . Gary pour Jack and mile a generous sample and the two man swirl , sniff and taste . Jack be beginning to get the hang of thing . gary what do you think ? mile tight as a nun 's asshole but qood concentration . Nice fruit . jack yeah . tight . mile ( to Gary ) pour we a couple . Gary fill they glass and cork the bottle . Jack raise he glass to toast . jack here 's to my last week of freedom . mile it 's go to be great . here 's to we . they clink they glass and take a drink . we linger on they as mile retreat inward and a restless Jack scan the room . int . hitching post dine room - night Jack and mile review they menus . Jack look up and spot a pretty waitress place a order at the bar . jack mile . check it out . mile glance at the waitress and return to he menu . mile oh , yeah . that 's Maya . jack you know she ? mile sure I know Maya . jack you know that chick ? mile Jack , this be where I eat when I come up here . it 's practically my office . and sometimes I have a drink with the employee . Maya 's great . she 's work here about a year , maybe a year and a half . jack she be very hot . mile and very nice . and very marry . check out the rock . Jack lean forward and squint . jack do not mean shit . when christine be a hostess at Sushi roku , she wear a big engagement ring to keep guy from hit on she . think it work ? fuck no . how do you think I meet she ? mile this gal 's marry to I think a philosophy professor at uc Santa Barbara . jack so what 's a professor 's wife do waitress ? obviously that 's over . mile you do not know anything about this woman . calm down . let 's just eat , okay ? ( focus on the menu ) the duck be excellent and pair nicely with the highliner pinot . just then Maya come by carry a tray of food on she way to another table . maya hey , mile . good to see you . mile Maya , how be you ? maya I be do good , good . you look great . do you lose some weight ? mile oh , no , actually . busy night . maya oh yeah , Sunday night . you guy be out taste today ? mile you know it . this be my friend Jack . Jack , Maya . jack ( big smile ) hiya . maya ( smile back ) hi. well , nice to see you guy here . bye , mile . she go . jack Jesus , she 's jammin' . and she like you . what else do you know about she ? mile well , she do know a lot about wine . jack ooooooohh . now we be get somewhere . mile and she like pinot . jack perfect . mile Jack , she 's a fuck waitress in buellton . how would that ever work ? jack why do you always focus on the negative ? do not you see how friendly she be to you ? mile she work for tip ! jack you be blind , dude . blind . mile focus again on the menu . mile I also recommend the ostrich . very lean . locally raise . int . hitching post bar - night two burgundy glass -- be refill with the content of yet another bottle of hitching Post pinot noir . Jack and mile be enjoy a post - prandial drink . mile look like he 's think about something . then -- mile I hate tony levin . Jack swirl he wine and downs it in one gulp . just then -- maya walk into the bar and take a seat a few stool down . she have change into a black cashmere sweater and corduroy , lovely but tired . maya ( to Gary ) highliner , please . jack that 's on we . Maya look over and smile as Gary pour she a glass from they bottle . maya hey , guy . Maya get a american Spirit yellow out of she purse and light it while Gary pour she a glass . mile you want to join we ? maya ( polite ) sure . in no hurry , she take a long sip of she wine , get up and come down the bar . maya so how 's that book of yours go , mile ? I think you be almost do with it last time we talk . mile I finish it . maya good for you . jack it 's get publish . that 's what we be up here celebrate . mile shoot Jack a look . Jack respond with a " do n't- fuck - it -up -brother " glower . maya that 's fantastic . congratulation . she offer she glass , and all clink . maya ( to Jack ) be you a writer too ? jack no , I be a actor . maya oh yeah ? what kind of stuff ? jack a lot of tv . I be a regular on a couple of series . and lately I have be do a lot of commercial . National mostly . maya anything I would know ? jack maybe . recognize this ? Jack take a deep breath , and out come a perfect voice - over voice . jack " now with low , low 5.8 % apr financing . " Maya 's mouth drop open and curve into a big smile . maya that 's hilarious . you sound just like one of that guy . jack I be one of that guy . maya you be not . mile he be . Jack launch into another one of he sure - fire hit . jack ( very fast ) consult you doctor before use this product . side effect may include oily discharge , dizziness , hive , loss of appetite , difficulty breathe and low blood pressure . if you have diabete or a history of kidney trouble ... you be fuck ! this make Maya laugh a big throaty laugh . Jack join in . nervous about Jack 's aggressive flirtatiousness , mile muster a tight courtesy smile . maya ( wind down ) oh. I need that . thank you . they all take a drink of wine . maya so what be you guy up to tonight ? before Jack have a chance to speak -- mile we be pretty wipe . probably go back to the hotel and crash . this make Maya slightly embarrassed at she apparent availability , but she recover quickly , remain breezy . maya yeah , I know what you mean . it 's a long drive up here . where be you stay ? mile the windmill . jack windmill . Maya downs the rest of she wine , stamp out she smoke , and pick up she jean jacket and purse . maya well , good to see you , mile . Jack . mile see you . as she leave -- jack we will catch up with you later , okay ? but she 's go . Jack give mile a slow burn look . jack we will probably go back to the hotel and crash ? ext . highway - night the guy walk drunkenly along the shoulder as car whiz by . jack the girl be look to party , and you tell she we be go to go back to we motel room and crash ? Jesus , mile ! mile well , I be tired . be not you tired ? jack the chick dig you . she light up like a pinball machine when she hear you novel be get publish . mile now I have get another lie to live down . thanks , Jack . jack I be try to get you some action , but you have get to help I out just a little bit . mile do not seem to I like that 's what be go on . you be all over she . jack somebody have to do the talk . and by the way , I be right . she 's not marry . mile how do you know ? jack no rock . when she come to the bar , san rock . int . motel room - night the screen be absolutely black . jack single . waitress . get off work . look for love . a little slap and tickle . mile shut up . jack she probably go home , light some candle , put on some relax music , take a nice hot bath , and laid down on she bed with she favorite vibrator . Jack begin to make a soft buz noise , grow gradually louder and more rhythmic . mile have you no shame ? jack oooh . oh. miles. mile . mile fuck you . there 's now a rustling noise and footstep . then a light be flip on in the bathroom . mile close the door behind he , and the only light visible be at the bottom of the bathroom door . mile pees -- a series of semi-force short squirt . then a flush as a door open and the light go off . Jack start buz again . mile shut the fuck up ! Jack stop and mile climb into bed . silence . then -- jack you need to get you prostate check . under black -- monday ext . breakfast cafe - day establish . int . breakfast cafe - day mile and Jack be glance at the menus . for some reason Jack be humorless and grumpy . mile so what be we go to have ? Pigs in a blanket ? the " rancher 's special breakfast " ? or maybe just some grease and fat with a side of lard ? jack ( not amused ) so what 's the plan today ? mile we head north , begin the grape tour up there , make we way south so the more we drink the closer we get to the motel . Jack sarcastically tap a index finger to he temple . mile what 's you problem ? Jack exhales and look away , as though he do not want to get into it . mile what be it ? Jack suck he tooth a moment search for the right word . then the dam burst . jack I be go to get my nut on this trip , mile . and you be not go to fuck it up for I with all you depression and anxiety and neg-head downer shit . mile ooooh , now the card be on the table . jack yes they be . and I be serious . do not fuck with I . I be go to get laid before I settle down on Saturday . do you read I ? mile sure , big guy . whatever you say . it 's you party . I be sorry I be in the way and drag you down . maybe you would have a better time on you own . you take the car . I will catch the train back . jack no , see , I want both of we to get crazy . we should both be cut loose . I mean , this be we last chance . this be we week ! it should be something we share . the older waitress come over . waitress can I take you order ? jack but I be warning you . mile oatmeal , one poach egg , and rye toast . dry . waitress okay . and you ? jack ( glaring at mile ) Pigs in a blanket . with extra syrup . ext . lovely highway - day the saab wind along this beautiful road that meander through large open vineyard . dissolve to : insert -- a map and a moving line show the boy ' route . dissolve to : insert -- grape grow on the vine . dissolve to : ext . vineyard - day frame by foreground grapevine , the saab pass in the distance . dissolve to : int . foxen winery - day mile have just down a taste of red wine . mile how much skin and stem contact ? pourer about four week . mile huh . that explain all the tannin . and how long in oak ? pourer about a year . mile french or american ? pourer both . mile good stuff . jack yeah , oak . that 's a good wood . just as the pourer turn away toward other tasters , Jack grab the bottle and help himself and mile to another glass . they slam back they drink like tequila . dissolve to : ext . lovely area on a hill - day mile bring the saab to a stop , and the guy get out . before they lie a incredible view of endless vineyard . mile Nice , huh ? jack beautiful . mile Victoria and I use to like this view . ( lose in nostalgia ) once we have a picnic here and drank a ' 95 Opus one . with smoke salmon and artichoke , but we do not care . jack mile . mile she have the best palate of any woman I have ever know . she could even differentiate italian wine . jack mile , I gotta tell you something . Victoria 's come to the wedding . mile I know . you tell I . I be okay with it . jack yeah , but that 's not the whole story . she get remarry . mile she what ? ( long pause ) when ? jack about a month ago . six week . mile to that guy ? that guy with the restaurant ... Jack nod . mile look down at he shoe and draw a long breath . then he stiffly get back in the open car and close the door . jack mile ... mile ... mile continue to stare straight ahead . jack ( explode ) Jesus Christ , mile . get out ! mile I want to go home now . jack you have be divorced for two year already . people move on . she have ! it 's like you enjoy self - pity . make you feel special or something . mile be she bring he to the wedding ? jack what do you think ? mile you drop this bombshell on I . why do not you tell I before ? jack because I know you would freak out and probably get so depressed you would not even come on this trip . but then I figure here would be the best place to tell you . we be here to forget about all that shit . we be here to party ! mile ( undeterred ) I be go to be a fuck pariah . everyone 's just go to be hold they breath to see if I be go to get drunk and make a scene . plus tony fuck levin ? jack no , no , no . it 's cool . I talk to Victoria . she 's cool . everyone 's cool . mile ( horrify ) you have all be talk about it ? behind my back ? talk about it ? mile turn and locate a open bottle of wine in the back seat . he uncork it and begin to swig . jack hey , hey , hey . no , you do not ! Jack try unsuccessfully to grab the bottle from mile , but mile bolt out of the car . a very wide shot -- pursue by Jack , mile dash down the hill , all the while take huge swig from the bottle . omit . ext . lovely vineyard - continuous mile slow to walk between row of grapevine . he polish off the bottle and toss it . a painting Jack catch up with he in the adjacent grapevine corridor . mile 's face crumble as though he be about to cry . then he collapse to the ground and close he eye tight . Jack look around impatiently for a moment . then he squat down so he can see mile underneath the vine . jack mile ? mile ignore Jack and focus on the beautiful ripe grape that surround he . they seem to distract he from he pain . jack you go to be okay ? mile look up and shake he head a definitive no . Jack can not help but laugh . dissolve to : ext . kalyra winery parking lot - day the sun hang low as the saab pull into the parking lot , Jack at the wheel . int . kalyra tasting room - day the pourer , a brunette in she early thirty , break away from a boring couple down the bar . this be stephanie . stephanie hey , guy . how 's it go ? jack excellent . my friend and I be up here do the wine tour , and he tell I that you folk make one hell of a syrah . stephanie that 's what people say . mile ( slurring slightly ) you gotta excuse he . yesterday he do not know pinot noir from film noir . jack I be a quick learner . Stephanie laugh . she apparently like big good - nature lunk like Jack . mile I be try to teach my friend here some basic about wine over the next few day before he go off and -- whoomp ! under the bar Jack stomp on mile 's foot . mile wince . Stephanie slide two glass in front of they . jack that 's right -- I be here to learn . I never have that much interest in wine before , but this trip have be very enlighten . always like wine , of course , but I do not know . more of a beer man , really . microbrewery . she thump the cork off a bottle of chardonnay . stephanie well , no better way to learn than taste . she pour almost flirtatious amount . jack now there 's a girl who know how to pour . what 's you name ? stephanie Stephanie . jack Nice . Jack swirl the wine as though he be by now a sommelier . they look , they smell , they taste . stephanie so what do you think ? mile quaffable but far from transcendent . jack I like it . tastes great . oaky . Stephanie reach for another bottle and pour . Jack 's eye never leave she . stephanie cabernet franc. ( as they taste ) this be only the fifth year we have make this varietal . very few winery around here do a straight cabernet franc . it 's from we vineyard up in Santa Maria . and it be a Silver Medal winner at paso robles last year . mile well , I have come to never expect greatness from a cab franc , and this one 's no exception . sort of a flabby , overripe -- jack ( ignore he ) tastes good to I . you live around here , Stephanie ? stephanie in Santa ynez. ( low , to mile ) and I agree with you about cab franc . jack oh yeah ? we be just over in buellton . windmill inn. stephanie oh yeah . jack you know a gal name Maya ? Works at the hitching Post ? stephanie sure I know Maya . Real well . jack no shit . we just have a drink with she last night . mile know she . mile could we move on to the syrah , please ? as she turn to reach for the right bottle , Jack wink at mile . mile shake he head . stephanie this be we estate syrah ... she pour each of they a full half glass . jack you be a bad , bad girl , Stephanie . stephanie I know . I might need to be spanke . she notice the boring couple , visibly annoyed that she have be monopolize . stephanie Excuse I . as she wander down the bar , Jack turn to mile , he mouth wide open . jack a bad girl , mile . she might need to be spanke . mile do you know how often this pourer get hit on ? they glance down the bar at stepanie . she smile back . ext . kalyra winery parking lot - day mile be kill time by the car stare at he shoe . he look over and see Jack waddling over from the taste room with two case of wine . jack get the trunk . mile you have the key . Jack put the case down and glance back at the building . jack we be on . mile what ? jack she call Maya , who 's not work tonight , so we be all go out . mile with Maya ? jack be divorced for a year now , bud . Jack put the wine in the trunk , and they get in the car . jack Stephanie , holy shit . chick have it all go on . mile well , she be cute . jack cute ? she 's a fuck hottie . and you almost tell she I be get marry . what 's the matter with you ? ( drum on the steering wheel ) gotta love it . gotta love it . int . motel room - day the tv -- golf on espn . mile and jack sit transfix , each on he own bed . the curtain be draw . then out of nowhere -- jack ( mock ) you know how often this pourer get hit on ? ( get up ) I be go for a swim . get the blood flow . want to come ? mile Nah . I want to watch this . close on the tv -- a guy get ready to putt . the announcer whisper what a important moment this be . the guy miss . fade to black . under black -- the sound of a aerosol can . jack mile . hey , mile . time to get up . we OPEN our eye to see -- Jack spraying he foot with some Dr. scholl 's product . wide -- mile pull himself out of bed and slouches toward he suitcase . jack Fucking chick in the jacuzzi -- goddamn , mile , fuck go nut up here . Whole place be wide open . assylvania . Jack do some actor 's weird warm - up stretch . mile so what should I wear ? jack I do not know . casual but nice . they think you be a writer . as mile begin to dig through he suitcase , Jack flip open he cellphone and speed-dial . jack do not you have any other shoe ? mile glance as he shoe sit sadly on the floor . jack ( into the phone ) hello ? oh hey , baby , just check in . not much . we be about to go out for dinner , probably be out pretty late , so I think I would say goodnight now . I know , I love you too . I miss you . ext . los olivo - night the boy get out of the car and walk along a timbere sidewalk in this tourist town with wine taste room and gourmet restaurant . jack please just try to be you normal humorous self , okay ? like who you be before the tailspin . do you remember that guy ? people love that guy . and do not forget -- you novel be come out in the fall . mile oh yeah ? how exciting . what 's it call ? jack do not sabotage I . if you want to be a lightweight , that 's you call . but do not sabotage I . mile aye -aye , captain . jack and if they want to drink merlot , we be drink merlot . mile ( dead serious ) if anyone order merlot , I be leave . I be not drink any fuck merlot ! jack okay , okay . relax , mile , Jesus . no merlot . do you bring you xanax ? mile take a SMALL bottle from he pocket and rattles it . jack and do not drink too much . I do not want you go to the dark side or pass out . do you hear I ? no go to the dark side . mile okay ! fuck ! mile quickly pop a xanax . Jack give he a final look in the eye . jack we be go in . int . los olivo cafe - night the boy enter this cozy if crowded restaurant and exchange word with the hostess . then they notice -- maya and stephanie at a booth wave at they . they look great . mile and jack make they way to the table , Jack wear a broad , confident smile . at the table -- Jack plop down next to Stephanie , while mile politely ease in on Maya 's side . Jack touch a hand to Stephanie 's bare neck and massage it meaningfully . jack how you doin ' tonight , beautiful ? stephanie good . how're you ? jack great . you look great . ( include Maya ) you both do . stephanie not so bad yourself . meanwhile mile look over at Maya and purse he lip in a affable if uncomfortable smile . then -- mile what be you drink ? maya a fiddlehead sauvignon blanc . mile oh yeah ? how be it ? maya ( slide the glass ) try it . as mile swirl the wine and take a sip , he begin to relax . mile Nice . very nice . maya twelve month in oak . mile on a sauvignon blanc ? maya I know the winemaker . she come in the restaurant all the time . mile this be good . Little hint of clove . maya I know . I love that . later -- a waiter finish list off the special . waiter ... medallion of pork with a dusting of black truffle serve with a root vegetable foulon and wasabi-whipped potato . and finally a copper River salmon grill on a alder wood plank . and that come with roast new potato and steam watercress . the four diner exchange look of delight . waiter and who get the wine list ? mile raise he hand and take the leather - bound book . maya ( teasing ) I guess mile want it . Jack glare at mile , who immediately get the hint . mile nope . you lady choose . Jack smile and nod he approval . Jack take the book out of mile 's hand and offer it to the girl . maya you choose , Stephanie . stephanie ( open it ) so what do everyone feel like ? jack whatever you girl want . it 's on we tonight . Sky 's the limit . maya no , we be pay for the wine . jack I do not think so . we be celebrate mile 's book deal . maya well , in that case ... mile draw a long breath . stephanie what 's everyone order ? then we can sort out the wine . mile exactement ! Jack shoot mile a look . maya I be have the salmon . mile that 's what I be have . stephanie ( still scan the wine ) I be think about the duck breast . jack ( slapping he menu shut ) I too . maya well , that narrow thing down . Stephanie lower the menu so that only she eye peer over the top . she look at the other , and they look back at she . stephanie sound like ... pinot noir to I . Jack look at mile and raise one hand for a high -five . jack pinot ! mile reluctantly slap Jack 's hand . this cause the girl to laugh . music start -- they be off ! dinner be improvise , but include : -- the arrival of the first wine . -- the salad . -- Maya take a turn with the wine list . mile push she finger down into the price with three digit . -- New stemware be provide with the arrival of the second wine . -- the four of they drink . particularly mile . -- Stephanie and Jack get cozier and cozier . -- the salmon and duck arrive . -- mile be too shy to look into Maya 's eye . she 's interested and available -- it 's too much for he . -- as mile get drunker , the camera angle become sloppier , the cut choppier . -- mile pontificate about some aspect of wine that Maya and Stephanie find interesting . Left out in the cold , he jaw tight , Jack want to find a way in but can not . -- mile reach over to refill he glass , but Jack 's arm shoot out to stop he -- " slow down . " close on mile as a distant rumble begin to sound , the rumble of a oncoming anxiety attack . by now he have drunk so much that he space out , descend into -- int . underworld - dark and timeless mile be board a OPEN boat atop this underground river , the River styx . just beyond a ghoulish human cargo the hood boatman charon wield a long staff . mile be crossing over to the dark side . int . los olivo cafe - back again mile return to earth to find Jack and Stephanie now in they own little world -- Jack explain something to Stephanie that she find fascinating , just fascinating . -- mile converse with Maya , but it 's clear from she bemuse expression that he 's be charming if not entirely coherent . -- another wine reach the table -- a comte armand pornrnard . -- mile look over at Jack and Stephanie . they share a short but sensual kiss . moment later -- mile be on he foot thread he way through the table . he be very unsteady , and we cut between first and third person perspective . at the bathroom -- he try the men' room door but it 's lock . he pull the xanax out he pocket and pop one in he mouth , swallow it dry . he notice a payphone nearby . think better of it for a moment , mile make a drunken bee-line for the receiver . close on the keypad -- as many number be dial , and we hear the tone , completely out of sync , along with a sound melange of interior phone ringing and a pickup . the receiver -- as mile press it desperately to he head . victoria ( on the phone ) hello ? mile Victoria . victoria ( on the phone ) mile ? mile feign a implausible upbeat tone . mile Victoria ! how the hell be you ? victoria ( on the phone ) Fine . what 's , uh , what 's on you mind ? mile Heard you get remarry ! congratulation . do not think you have the stomach for another go-round . victoria ( on the phone ) oh , mile . you be drunk . mile just some local pinot , you know , then a little burgundy . that old cote de beaune ! mile laugh at he own non-existent joke . victoria ( on the phone ) where be you ? mile a little place in Los olivo . New owner . cozy ambiance . excellent food too -- you should try it . think of you at the hitching Post last night . silence . mile ( cont ' D ) hello ? victoria ( on the phone ) mile , do not call I when you be drunk . mile I just want you to know I have decide not to go to the wedding , so in case you be dread some uncomfortable , you know , run - in or something , well , worry no more . you will not see I there . my wedding gift to you and what 's - he -name . what be he name ? victoria ( on the phone ) ( silence , then --) ken. mile ken. victoria ( on the phone ) mile , I do not care if you come to the wedding or not . mile well , I be not come , barbie . so you guy have fun . victoria ( on the phone ) I be go to hang up now , mile . mile ( rush to keep she on ) you see , Vicki , I just hear about this today , you get marry that be , and I be kind of take aback . kind of hard to believe . silence . mile I guess I just think there be still some hope for we somewhere down the road and I just , I just -- victoria ( on the phone ) mile , maybe it be better if you do not come to the wedding . mile suck something from between he two front tooth . mile whatever you say , Vicki . you be the boss . he hang up as nonchalantly as if it have be a sale call and head back to the table . ext . deep canyon - day for a flash , mile be walk a unstable , narrow rope bridge extend vertiginously across a great chasm . int . los olivo cafe - back again mile reach the table , try to sit and slip onto the floor . although at first Jack blink heavily in disgust , the girl burst into hysterical laughter . Jack then laugh too , perhaps over -laughing . jack easy , boy . easy . Maya help he back into the booth . maya be you all right ? mile Fine . just slip . ( pick up he glass ) this be my blood . mile drink . Stephanie make a head gesture to Maya , who nod in return . stephanie ( to the guy ) Excuse we . maya sorry to make you get up again , mile . mile that 's okay . mile and Jack allow the girl to pass . then -- jack what the fuck , man ? what be up ? mile reach for he wine glass , but Jack move it away . jack pull yourself together , man . mile I be fine ! but in throw open he arm for emphasis , he spill a water glass . Jack rights it and throw a napkin on the tablecloth . jack where be you ? mile bathroom . jack do you drink and dial ? mile 's silence confirm he guilt and shame . jack why do you always do this ? Victoria 's go , man . gone. poof . mile look down and squeeze he eye tight while push out a exhale through he nose . jack stop it . you be blow a great opportunity here , mile . Fucking Maya , man . she 's great . she 's cool . she 's funny . she know wine . what be this morose come - down bullshit ? this girl want to party . and what be that fuck ten-minute lecture on , what be it , vouvray ? I mean , come on ! mile let 's just say I be uncomfortable with the whole scenario . jack oh Jesus , mile . mile belligerently reach for he comte armand . Jack let it pass . jack and do not forget all the bad time you have with Victoria . how small she make you feel . that 's why you have the affair in the first place . mile shut up . shut you face . jack do not you see how Maya 's look at you ? you get she on the hook . reel she in ! come on , let 's rachet this up a notch . you know how to to do it . here. ( pass a glass ) drink some agua . mile look at the water , take it and drain it . the girl now return to the table . the guy slide over . mile ( try to appear sober ) should we get dessert ? stephanie we be think . why do not we go back to my place ? I have get wine , some insane cheese , music , whatever . Jack raise both arm like a football referee . jack excellent idea . waiter ! int . saab - night through the windshield -- tree and bush light by the headlight show we we be head into the wood . inside -- Jack drive . mile blink heavily as he try to make a sense of a hand - drawn map . jack ( grab the map ) let I see that . ext . stephanie's house - night the saab pull into a gravel driveway and come to a stop outside this wood - frame cottage . Jack and mile get out and head for the front door . on the way , Jack reach into he coat pocket and produce a string of four condom . jack ( tear ) here . one for you , three for I . mile wordlessly take he . just before they climb the porch step -- mile you sure you want to do this ? Jack stop and look at he for a moment with almost hostile incredulity . the front door be open . Jack knock twice on the screen door before go in . int . stephanie's live room - continuous the boy enter this modest live room furnish with weathered but charming old furniture . scatter here and there be children' toy . finger - painting be tape to the wall . candle be light , and music be play . jack we be here ! Stephanie sail in . stephanie what happen to you guy ? jack couple of wrong turn . ( point a thumb at mile ) thanks to magellan , here . after a brief hug , Stephanie and Jack peck -kiss . jack hi. stephanie hi. ( to mile ) Maya 's in the kitchen . mile hesitates a moment before Jack elbow he toward -- ext . stephanie's kitchen - continuous mile wander in to find Maya squatting in front of a little temperature - control wine storage unit . mile hi. maya hey . mile she get anything good ? maya oh , yeah . steph 's way into pinots and syrah . ( call out ) hey , steph ? you sure we can open anything ? anything we want ? stephanie ( v.o. ) anything but the jayer richebourg ! mile she have a richebourg ? mon dieu . I have completely underestimate Stephanie . maya who do you think you be deal with here ? Maya slip out a bottle of eschevaux . maya how about this ? mile nod vigorously . Maya look back and forth between mile and the wine , she eye narrow . then she slide it back in . maya nope . I do not think we know each other well enough . ( pick out another bottle ) I would say this guy 's more we speed . they rise , and mile glance at the andrew murray syrah and , raise he eyebrow , agree . Maya begin open it . maya so what gem do you have in you collection ? mile not much of a collection really . I have not have the wallet for that , so I sort of live bottle to bottle . but I have get a couple thing I be save . I guess the star would be a 1961 cheval blanc . maya you have get a ' 61 cheval blanc that 's just sit there ? go get it . ( push he , playfully stern ) right now . hurry up ... mile laugh , fight back a bit . maya seriously , the ' 61 be peak , be not they ? at least that 's what I have read . mile yeah , I know . maya it might be too late already . what be you wait for ? mile I do not know . special occasion . with the right person . it be suppose to be for my tenth wedding anniversary . understand , Maya consider she response . maya the day you open a ' 61 cheval blanc , that 's the special occasion . mile how long have you be into wine ? maya I start to get serious about seven year ago . mile what be the bottle that do it ? maya eighty-eight sassicaia . mile whistle and raise he eyebrow . Maya pour , and they clink they glass together before savore the wine . mile wow . we gotta give it a moment , but this be tasty . really good . how about you ? maya ( taste again ) I think they overdid it a bit . too much alcohol . overwhelm the fruit . mile ( taste again , impressed ) yeah , I would say you be right on the money . then mile absently scan the refrigerator door and spot a photo of Stephanie hold a little girl . mile be this Stephanie 's kid ? sure be cute . maya yeah , siena 's a sweetie . mile be she sleep or ...? maya she 's with she grandmother . she 's with steph 's mom . she spend a lot of time over there . steph 's ... well , she 's Stephanie . Jack 's voice - over voice from the other room ... jack ( o.s. ) " and now for a low , low 4.8 % apr ... " ... be follow by peal of laughter . maya you get kid ? mile who I ? Nah , I would just fuck they up . that be the one unpollute part of my divorce -- no kid . maya yeah , same here . Maya nod as she sip again , look distant for a moment , think about something else . maya let 's go in there . Maya take the bottle , and they wander into -- int . stephanie's live room - continuous Jack and Stephanie be go . from a distant bedroom come more laughter . maya look like we friend be hit it off . while Maya go to turn down the stereo , mile sit on the couch . Maya 's shirt ride up as she crouch , give mile a glimpse of the small of her back . she take a seat opposite mile on the couch . they look at each other without speak . just what be the vibe here ? maya it 's kind of weird sit here with you in Stephanie 's house . all that time you come into the restaurant . it 's like you be a real person now . almost . mile yeah , I know . it 's kind of weird . out of context . maya yeah , weird . but great . mile yeah . definitely . a awkward silence , break by Maya . maya so what 's you novel about ? mile well , it 's a little difficult to summarize . it begin as a first - person account of a guy take care of he father after a stroke . kind of base on personal experience , but only loosely . maya what 's the title ? mile " the Day after yesterday . " maya oh. you mean ... today ? mile um ... yeah but it 's more ... maya so be it kind of about death and mortality , or ...? mile mrnmm , yeah ... but not really . it shift around a lot . like you also start to see everything from the point of view of the father . and some other stuff happen , some parallel narrative , and then it evolve -- or devolve -- into a kind of a robbe - grillet mystery -- you know , with no real resolution . maya wow . anyway , I think it 's amazing you be get it publish . really . I know how hard it be . just to write it even . mile ( squeezing it out ) yeah . thanks . maya like I , I have this stupid paper due on Friday , and as usual I be freak out about it . just like in high school . it never change . mile a paper ? maya yeah . I be work on a master in horticulture . chipping away at it . mile horticulture ? wow . I do not know there be a college here . maya I commute to San Luis obispo twice a week . mile so ... you want to work for a winery or something someday ? maya well ... mile I do have a copy of the manuscript in the car . it 's not fully proofed , but if you be okay with a few typo ... maya oh yeah . who care ? I be the queen of typo . ( sip the wine ) wow , this be really start to open up . what do you think ? mile my palate 's kind of shot , but from what I can tell , I would dub it pretty damn good . maya can I ask you a personal question ? mile ( brace himself ) sure . maya why be you so into pinot ? it 's like a thing with you . mile laugh at first , then smile wistfully at the question . he search for the answer in he glass and begin slowly . mile I do not know . it 's a hard grape to grow . as you know . it 's thin -skin , temperamental , ripen early . it 's not a survivor like cabernet that can grow anywhere and thrive even when neglect . pinot need constant care and attention and in fact can only grow in specific little tuck - away corner of the world . and only the most patient and nurture grower can do it really , can tap into pinot 's most fragile , delicate quality . only when someone have take the time to truly understand its potential can pinot be coax into its fullest expression . and when that happen , its flavor be the most haunt and brilliant and subtle and thrill and ancient on the planet . Maya have find this answer revealing and move . mile I mean , cabernet can be powerful and exalting , but they seem prosaic to I for some reason . by comparison . how about you ? maya what about I ? mile I do not know . why be you into wine ? maya I suppose I get really into wine originally through my ex-husband . he have a big , kind of show - off cellar . but then I find out that I have a really sharp palate , and the more I drank , the more I like what it make I think about . mile yeah ? like what ? maya like what a fraud he be . mile laugh . maya no , but I do like to think about the life of wine , how it 's a live thing . I like to think about what be go on the year the grape be grow , how the sun be shine that summer or if it rain ... what the weather be like . I think about all that people who tend and pick the grape , and if it 's a old wine , how many of they must be dead by now . I love how wine continue to evolve , how every time I open a bottle it 's go to taste different than if I have open it on any other day . because a bottle of wine be actually alive -- it 's constantly evolve and gain complexity . that be , until it peak -- like you ' 61 -- and begin its steady , inevitable decline . and it taste so fuck good . now it be mile 's turn to be sweep away . Maya 's face tell we the moment be right , but mile remain freeze . he need another sign , and Maya be bold enough to offer it : reach out and place one hand atop he . mile ( point ) bathroom over there ? maya yeah . mile get up and walk out . Maya sigh and get and american Spirit out of she purse . int . stephanie's bathroom - night the bathroom 's a mess -- the shower curtain be filthy , and the chip and water - stain tub be fill with children' bath toy . mile be bent over the sink splash water on he face , try to sober up and gather he courage . he stand , and without drying he face , press he palm against he cheek . then he take a deep breath and drop he hand . mile you be such a loser . come on ! int . the live room - night mile come out of the bathroom and look for Maya , but she 's not there . then he hear a noise from the kitchen , so he go through the door into -- int . stephanie's kitchen - continuous Maya be at the sink , fill a glass with water . maya I be just get some water . you want some water ? mile go to stand by she and accept a glass of water . just as she 's about to fill a second glass , he stop she and look she in the eye , try to recapture a moment that be long go . he kiss she and she kiss back , but the whole thing feel strain and awkward . after a few second , Maya break away . maya Nice . but instead of resume the kiss , she step past he , head back into the live room . maya ( o.s. ) I should probably get go . mile realize he 's blow it and silently berate himself . int . saab - night mile drive down the hill behind Maya 's car , which lead he through this very rural road . ext . where the road meet the highway - night Maya 's car come to a stop just ahead of the saab . she put it in park and get out . at the saab -- mile roll down he window as Maya lean over . maya you know how to get back to the windmill , right ? mile get it . maya I have a good time tonight , mile . I really do . mile good . so do i. maya okay . see you around . mile um ... do you still want to read my novel ? maya oh , yeah . sure . of course . mile turn to the backseat , locate a large manuscript BOX , and hand it to Maya . maya wow. great . he turn around again , produce a second BOX , and hand it over as well . mile hope you like it . feel free to stop read at any time . I will take no offense . maya goodnight , mile . she give he a friendly peck on the cheek . after she get back in she car , she head in one direction while mile head in the opposite . omit . under black -- tuesday Jack 's cellphone ring . int . motel room - morning now early morning -- still fully clothed , mile stagger across the room . fishing the phone out of Jack 's windbreaker pocket , he look at the caller id : " erganian , christine " and the number . he briefly consider he option -- answer it ? shut it off ? -- before place it atop Jack 's suitcase . the moment he lie back down on the bed , the motel phone ring . a old digital clock next to it read 7:l0 . as mile close he eye and pull the pillow over he aching head , we again -- fade to black . later -- vroom ! outside a roaring motorcycle come to a stop . then over the sound of a idling engine come familiar if indistinct voice and laughter . mile open he bleary eye and listen . footstep pound on the balcony outside , and Jack let himself in , flushed and exuberant . jack Fucking chick be unbelievable . un-be - lieve -able ! he pound on the wall , then go into the bathroom and without close the door unzip he pants to pee . jack goddamn , mile , she be nasty . nasty nasty nasty . mile well , I be glad you get it out of you system . congratulation . Mission accomplish . a hungover mile get up and look out the door Jack have leave open . down in the parking lot he see -- stephanie atop a mid-size motorcycle , wear a weathered fringe suede jacket . she give he a big friendly wave . mile return the wave and go back inside . mile you do not invite Stephanie to come with we , do you ? with a flush Jack emerge from the bathroom and open he bag . jack oh , hey , change of plan . steph 's off today , so she and I be go on a hike . mile we be suppose to play golf . jack you go . in fact , use my club . they be brand new -- gift from christine 's dad . ( slapping some cash on the dresser ) it 's on I . oh , say , by the way , Stephanie and I be think we would all go to the hitching Post tonight and sit at one of Maya 's table , and she will bring we some great wine and then we can all -- mile ( sit down ) Count I out . jack oooh , I see . do not go so good last night , huh ? that 's a shocker . you mean get drunk and call Victoria do not put you in the mood ? you dumb fuck . you divorce pain 's get real old real fast , dude . mile look down . Jack head for the door . jack later . mile yeah , well , maybe you should check you message first . Jack stop , eyeing mile suspiciously . mile toss Jack he phone . Jack flip it open and scroll down with he thumb . he do not like what he see . jack oh , boy . mile ( point at the room phone ) she 's be leave message here too . jack yeah . okay . he snap the phone shut and put it back . mile you should call she . jack I will . ( head out the door ) see ya ! mile right now . jack okay ! Jesus ! Jack pick up he phone , sit on the bed and look defiantly at mile . jack I have get no problem call she . now Jack close he eye and bring the heel of he hand to he forehead as he begin to concoct the big lie . jack ( open he phone ) wait outside , will you ? ext . windmill inn - day mile wander out and look down at Stephanie . stephanie that be fun last night . mile yeah . good food . you have get quite a wine collection . very impressive . stephanie thanks . hey , I talk to Maya this morning . she say she have a good time too . you should call she . mile say nothing . stephanie where 's Jack ? mile he have to make a phone call . Stephanie cut she bike 's engine and climb off , prop it up on the kickstand . stephanie so what be you up to today , mile ? mile just kickin ' back , I guess . I do not know . Jack and I be suppose to go golf . stephanie huh . mile yeah , I reserve the tee time about a month ago . stephanie oops . sorry . mile you golf ? stephanie I ? no , I think it 's kind of a stupid game . I mean , at least , I could never get into it . I try it once . mile huh . Jack love golf . crazy about it . just then Jack crack open the motel room door . jack ( hushed ) hey mile . mile . mile duck back inside . int . motel room - continuous jack do you have that other condom ? mile reach into he wallet and hand over the little foil square . mile what would christine say ? jack lucked out -- get voice mail . everything 's cool . ext . windmill inn - continuous Jack bound out of the room and down the stair like a child on Christmas morning . mile watch Jack climb on the bike behind Stephanie , grasp she waist . Stephanie and Jack peel out , leave mile alone on the balcony . close on mile -- as we begin to hear a snipping sound which carry we to -- ext . motel room balcony - day mile sit outside carefully trimming he toenail . snip , snip , snip . music begins for this mournful montage of solitude . int . motel lobby - day mile take a styrofoam cup and help himself to a cup of complimentary coffee from a pump thermos . then he take a look at the rack of pamphlet of local tourist attraction -- a water park , a mystery cave , and of course winery after winery . ext . windmill inn jacuzzi - day amid turbulent water , mile correct he student ' papers . he be alone in the tub , but at the nearby pool stocky kide play noisily with super - soaker . over miles' shoulder -- the paper he 's read be mark up with circle spelling error , and one entire paragraph have be cross out . find a new error , mile write " no !!! " camera pan to reveal a stack of papers already heavily mark with correction , some of they mottle with water stain . int . motel room - day mile flosses , he lip pull back into a grotesque moue . then he brushes with a sonic - care toothbrush . later -- mile check he machine . synthesized voice ( o.s. ) no new message . he hang up , disgust . ext . china panda restaurant - day a small buellton eatery . int . china panda - day the only customer right now , mile eat awkwardly with he chopstick . ext . drive range - day mile drive ball after ball , unsuccessfully try to release he frustration . ext . bucolic road - day the saab roar past we , perhaps go a little too fast . int . saab - continuous whistle absently as he drive , mile lean over to turn the radio on and fiddle around to find a good station . then all of a sudden -- whump ! the car have strike something with a hideous sound follow immediately by the recede " arf - arf -arf -arf " of a injure dog in the saab 's wake . mile apply the brake . ext . bucolic road - day mile get out of he car just in time to see -- a dog scamper into the nearby wood . mile look around -- have anyone see he ? be there a nearby residence ? find nothing , mile momentarily weigh he option before finally giving chase . he follow the path of the dog into -- ext . roadside wood - continuous still hearing occasional distant bark , mile find he way among the tree and bush , look in vain for the ill - fated cur . after a frenetic search , mile reluctantly give up and head back . omit . ext . bucolic road - day mile have return to where he hit the dog . just then , mile notice two mexican child watch he from just down the road . they disappear into the bush . look like a criminal , mile trot back to the saab climb behind the wheel and speed away . ext . windmill inn - day the saab pull into the parking lot . ext . / int . motel room - day mile trudge up the stop to the room . he open the door and see -- jack atop Stephanie , plow she fertile field . despite the interruption , they pace do not alter . jack not now ! not now ! mile quickly shut the door . int . windmill sport bar lounge - day mile pour himself another glass of pinot . Jack come in and spot he morose friend . jack hey , there you be . mile yep . jack what be you drink ? Jack reach over to check out the bottle 's label . mile remain cool to Jack 's amiability . jack any good ? mile shrug . jack ( to the bartender ) could I get a glass please ? ( to mile ) Stephanie take I out into the pinot field today . it be awesome . I think I finally get a handle on the whole process , from the soil to the vine to the -- what do you call it ? -- selection and harvest . and the whole , you know , big container where they mix it . we even eat pinot grape right off the vine . ( the new expert ) still a little sour but already show potential for great structure . Stephanie really know she shit , mile . Jack now have he glass and pour himself some wine . mile where be Stephanie ? jack upstair . get clean up . mile what the fuck be you do ? jack what ? mile with this chick . Jack just look at he . mile do she know about Saturday ? jack um ... not exactly . but I have be honest . I have not tell she I be available . and she know this trip up here be only for a few day . besides ... Jack stop short in a rare instance of self - censorship . mile besides what ? jack well ... I do not know , just ... the wedding . mile what ? jack well , I have be do some think . mile oh , you have be think . and ? jack I may have to put the wedding on hold be all . mile look at he with incredulity . jack I fully realize that make a change like that might be tricky for certain people to accept at first , but life be short , mile . I have get to be sure I be do the right thing before take such a big step . and not just for my sake . I be think about christine 's feeling too . I take marriage very seriously -- always have . that 's why I have never do it before . the day I get marry , it 's go to be the real thing . mile just look at he friend , wait for more . jack be with Stephanie have open my eye . she 's not uptight or control . she 's just cool . thing be so easy with she . smell different . tastes different . fuck different . fuck like a animal . I be tell you , I go deep last night , mile . deep . mile deep . mile draw a long sigh . jack do not get all judgmental on I . this be my deal . it 's my life , and it 's my call . they fall silent for a moment . then -- jack I be hope to get some understanding from you . and I be not get it . mile understand of what ? jack like I might be in love with another woman . mile in love ? twenty - four hour with some wine - pourer chick and you think you be in love ? and give up everything ? jack look who 's talk . you have be there . mile yes I have , and do I look like a happy man ? be all that drama with Brenda a happy thing for I to do ? huh ? be it ? be she a part of my life now ? jack this be totally different . I be talk about avoid what you be talk about . that 's the distinction . I have not make the commitment yet . I be not marry . I have not say the word . in a few day , I might get marry , and if I do , then I will not be do stuff like this anymore . otherwise , what 's the whole point of get marry ? mile and what about Stephanie ? she 's a woman -- with a kid . a single mom . what do you think she 's look for ? huh ? jack ( interrupt ) here 's what I be think . we move up here , you and I , buy a vineyard . you design you own wine ; I will handle the business side . then you get inspire and write a new novel . as for I , if a audition come along , hell , la' two hour away . not even . mile you be crazy . you have go crazy . jack what do you care anyway ? you do not even like christine . mile what ? of course I like christine . jack you say she be shallow . yeah , and a nouveau riche . mile that be three year ago after that first party ! jack look , mile , all I know be I be a actor . all I have be my instinct . ( he hand on he chest ) my intuition -- that 's all I have . and you be ask I to go against it . and that 's just wrong . just then Stephanie walk in . she cozy up to Jack , and he kiss the top of she head . stephanie hi , guy . we should probably get go . mile where ? int . bowling alley - dusk close on a video game monitor as a crazy car race through the obstacle - ride track , often leave the road , much like Jack 's libido . zoom out to reveal six - year - old siena seat in Jack 's lap as they drive together . a delighted siena laugh and giggle . mile sit nearby with Stephanie and she fifty - something , two - pack - a- day mother caryl . caryl Stephanie 's hear this a thousand time , but if I would do what I want and I would buy up in Santa Maria when I have the chance , I would have make a fortune when they put in that outlet center and that Home Depot . ( a drag off she cigarette , then to Stephanie ) you father know it too , but he be a fuck chickenshit . always be . caryl look over she shoulder , she gaze draw to Jack and siena , so completely happy together . caryl exhales a puff of smoke as she watch . Stephanie be equally enthralled . mile take it all in , try he best not to shake he head in disgust . int . bowling alley parking lot - dusk caryl be behind the wheel of she oldsmobile as Stephanie get siena buckle up in the backseat . Jack pull mile aside . jack listen , I be go to make sure steph and siena get home safe , and then maybe we will hook up with you later , okay ? mile ( dispirite ) sure , whatever . maybe I will catch a movie . Stephanie kiss mile 's cheek before get in the car next to she mom . stephanie see you , mile . you take care . mile bye , Stephanie . bye , siena , caryl . siena and caryl bye , mile . as he get in the car -- jack call I on my cell if you go out . mile yeah . mile watch they drive away , then head toward he saab . int . mini - mart - dusk close on the counter -- as mile place a box of security envelope , a packet of beef jerky and some tropical fruit skitele . wide -- mile point over the cashier' shoulder . mile and could I get a barely leqal ? as the cashier reach for the magazine -- mile no , um , the new one . int . motel room bathroom - night mile be once again flossing . int . motel room - night pop ! mile open a bottle of pinot and pour himself a glass . he carry it to bed , take a nice big slug , lie down on the bed and open he magazine . now sneezing atop the bed -- angle on top of he -- the barely legal face down on he chest , mile awaken with a start and look at the clock-radio . he think a moment , take a deep breath , and bound off the bed . close on a water - saver shower head -- as little needle of water come at we . through the bathroom door -- mile take a nice hot shower . but wait -- he have forget to put the shower curtain inside the tub . a closer look reveal a grow puddle of water on the floor . ext . the hitching post - night mile walk across the parking lot . he pause before enter , then force himself to take the leap . int . the hitching post - night mile affect nonchalance as he search briefly for Maya . he continue on into the bar . gary how 's it hang , mile ? mile you know I . I love it up here . how about you ? gary busy night for a Tuesday . we have a busload of retire folk in on a wine tour . usually they be not too rowdy , but tonight there be something go on . full moon or something . what can I get you ? mile highliner . gary Glass or bottle ? mile ( consider , then --) bottle . gary you get it . mile say , be Maya work ? gary Maya ? have not see she . I think she 's off tonight . say , where 's you buddy ? mile just smile . wide -- Gary serve mile , alone at the bar . mile take he first drink . mile oh , that 's tasty . ext . hitching post - night it 's close time . the front door fly open , and mile stagger out sideways . Gary follow he out , concerned . gary you okay , mile ? mile I be good . mile head in the wrong direction at first , then realize he mistake and steer himself back toward the windmill . fade out . under black , a card -- wednesday int . motel room - day the door burst open , and Jack come bound in . jack come on , dude . let 's go golf ! I get we in at alisal . mile come to , very hungover . mile that 's a public course . ( then --) no Stephanie ? jack she 's work . I need a break anyway . she 's get a little clingy . ( magnanimous ) this be we day ! ext . golf course - day whack ! Jack tees off with a manly athletic swing and shade he eye to watch the ball 's trajectory . jack crap . mile , dishevel and sullen , approach the teebox , stick a tee in the ground and set he ball . jack do you ever get ahold of Maya yesterday ? mile nope . jack she like you , man . Stephanie will tell you . mile ( prepare to swing ) can you give I some room here ? jack ( step back ) oh yeah . sure . mile lift he club . jack you know , in life you gotta strike when the iron 's hot . mile thanks , Jack . mile refocus and swing just as Jack offer more helpful advice . jack do not whiff it . whack ! despite the distraction , mile manage to make a good , long drive . jack Nice shot . mile you be a asshole . now on the fairway -- Jack be pour two Dixie cup of wine as mile prepare to take he next swing . jack what about you agent ? hear anything yet ? mile nope . jack what do you think 's go on ? mile could be anything . jack be check you message ? mile obsessively . jack huh . mile they probably think my book be such a piece of shit that it 's not even worthy of a response . I guess I will just have to learn how to kiss off three year of my life . jack but you do not know yet , so you negativity 's a bit premature , would not you say ? mile say nothing . jack or fuck that New York publisher . publish it yourself . I will chip in . just get it out there , get it review , get it in library . let the public decide . give Jack a look that say Jack have no idea what he 's talk about , mile take a stance over the ball and focus . jack do not come over the top . stay still . mile shut up . jack just try to be helpful . ( a moment later ) it 's all about stillness , mile . Inner quiet . mile drop he club and turn to Jack . mile shut up ! shut up ! shut up ! what 's the matter with you , man ? shut up ! jack why be you so hostile ? I know you be frustrated with you life right now , but you can choose not to be so hostile . ( hold out a cup of wine ) here . still fume , mile begrudgingly accept the wine and have a taste . he 's immediately distract from he woe . mile what be it ? jack I do not know . get it from Stephanie . mile downs the rest and be intrigue by the taste . mile huh . let I see the label . suddenly a golfball thud against the hard fairway directly behind they . jack ( whirling around ) what the fuck ? Way back on the tee box , some 200 yard away , be a foursome of two couple . one of the men be wave he driver . husband # 1 ( shouting , barely audible ) hurry it up , will you ? Jack look at mile , the two incredulous . mile fucker hit into we . jack ( yell ) hey , asshole ! that 's not cool ! mile throw I he ball . Jack walk over , pick up the offend ball and toss it to mile . mile get out he 3 - wood and -- thwock ! -- cut it back low and hard . jack Nice shot . the couple duck for cover as the ball whistle over they head . jack and mile laugh hard . the two husband climb in they cart and hasten down the fairway toward Jack and mile . jack watch they approach , grin . jack oh , this be go to be fun . ( jerk a driver from he bag ) this be go to be fun . Jack head in they direction , brandish the club like a medieval knight with a mace . as the husband get a look at this sight , they turn they cart around and speed back toward they wife . jack hit into we again , motherfucker , and I will ass - rape all four of you ! ext . golf course clubhouse - day Jack and mile be turn in they cart and hoist they club over they shoulder . jack just do not give up on Maya . cool smart chick like that -- they like persistence . mile I do not want to talk about it . jack all I know be she 's beautiful . lot of soul . perfect for you . I be not go to feel good about this trip until you guy hook up . do not you just want to feel that cozy little box grip down on you Johnson ? nearby a golfer be with he young son . golfer hey , you mind keep it down , buddy ? ext . golf course parking lot - day mile and Jack walk toward they car . jack be it the money thing ? mile be what the money thing ? jack with Maya . mile well , yeah , that 's part of it . woman find out how I live , that I be not a publish author , that I be a liar essentially , then yeah , any interest be gonna evaporate real quick . if you do not have money at my age , you be not even in the game . you be just a pasture animal wait for the abattoir . jack be a abattoir like a ... like a ... what be that ? mile slaughterhouse . jack abattoir . huh . but you be go to get the good news this week about you book . I know you be . I can feel it . Jack 's cellphone ring , and he check the caller id . jack it 's steph. ( pick up ) hey , baby . yeah . oh yeah . yesssss . I mean I would , but let I see . hey , mile ... oh fuck it , we be go . we will be right there . I too . he snap he phone shut and turn to mile . jack we be on . mile what 's happen ? jack we be go to have some fun . remember fun ? we be go to have some of it . okay ? mile what exactly be we go to do ? jack I say okay ? mile you have to tell I -- jack I say okay ? mile finally smile . mile okay . omitted big fun music begins over : ext . downtown los olivo - day a high wide shot -- the saab pull up where Stephanie and Maya await with bottle of wine and a picnic basket . the girl climb into the back seat , and the car speed away . int . / ext . the saab - day they be go fast , hair whipping around . maya hey , mile , I hear you come by the restaurant last night look for I . mile oh , yeah . no . I mean yeah , I stop by for a drink . do not see you . maya I have class . mile well , nice to see you now . maya you too . ext . beautiful road - day whoosh ! that car 's go a little too fast ! int . / ext . LA purisima mission church the two couple wander around this historic site . ext . idyllic picnic spot - day into dusk the girl have lead they to a beautiful spot . in a series of shot -- we see the progress of they picnic . we do not hear they , but there be a grow intimacy about they interaction . even Maya and mile seem to be overcome residual awkwardness from the other night . Jack and Stephanie lean on each other as they eat and sip wine . finally , the two couple be silhouetted against the sunset . ext . winery # 3 parking lot - evening the parking lot be crowded . the foursome join other head toward the main building . int . winery # 3 - evening a lecture by british wine sage leslie brough be in progress . he hold aloft a riedel burgundy glass contain one of the few but grow number of local red worthy of he attention . in the audience -- as we foursome listen attentively , Jack lean over to mile . jack you ever actually read any of this guy 's book ? mile he write a great one on burgundy , and I use to get he newsletter , but then there be doubt about whether he do all he own taste . plus a couple of time he declare certain year vintage of the century , and they turn out to be turkey . fucker never retract . jack huh . Stephanie lean forward and signal to Maya with a yawn or a gagging finger in mouth that they hightail it . although mile protest at first , they stand and leave . at the back of the room -- Stephanie find a door which she test to see whether it be open . it be ! she lead she pal furtively inside -- int . winemaking room - continuous this be a enormous , dimly - light chamber fill with stainless steel fermentation tank and stack of oak barrel . as the two couple walk in the near-darkness , they be entrance . Maya take mile 's hand and lead he away . later -- in the background , Stephanie and Jack lean against a tank , kissing . camera dolly to reveal mile and Maya among the barrel in the foreground . they be shy with each other , on the verge of kissing but hold back . the music continue ... int . stephanie's live room - night three bottle of wine sit empty on the coffee table . wide -- the four friend sit on the floor around the coffee table . they drink wine and pass a joint . suddenly they explode in laughter . a sleepy siena appear at the hallway door rub she eye . Stephanie get up , but Jack stop she , gather siena in he arm , and take she back to bed . ext . stephanie's house - night the saab pull away from the house . int . saab - night mile sit in he own passenger seat as Maya try she hand at the saab . ext . maya' apartment build - night Maya lead mile up she back stairway . they be both a little woozy from the hour of drink . at the door -- Maya search through she purse for she key while mile hover directly behind she , stare at she ear . her ear ? just as Maya put the key in the lock , he impulsively lean forward to kiss the nape of she neck . Maya 's reaction be immediate -- she turn to embrace mile , give he a long kiss . then she open the door , pull he inside and close the door in we face . the camera pan to the nearby rooftop . music end and slow dissolve to : the same view by day , superimposed with -- thursday the camera pan back to Maya 's door , tilting down to find a blue - wrap new york time . the door open , and Maya 's hand pick up the newspaper . the camera follows Maya inside to -- int . maya' apartment - continuous it be a small , clean apartment furnish with simple taste . Maya be dress in a robe and hold a coffee mug . she drop the paper on the dining table and continue into -- the bedroom -- where mile lie on he stomach dead to the world . his stubbly face be squish against the mattress and he snore lightly . Maya look at he for a moment before shaking he foot . ext . farmer ' market - day this be a weekly event in a big parking lot -- organic produce , candle and incense , honey and cider . Maya and mile be shopping . mile carry the bag . ext . orchard - day across from each other at a picnic table , and surround by the remnant of breakfast , mile and Maya read the newspaper . mile be do the crossword puzzle . maya you guy should stop by the restaurant for lunch today . mile great . what 's the latest we can get there ? maya about two -thirty . mile okay . maya ( notice ) do you hear about this bordeaux taste dinner down in Santa Barbara Saturday night ? it 's a little pricey , but if you want to go , I would be into it . why do not you stay through the weekend ? mile have just figure out a difficult clue . as he write it down -- mile no , we have get to get back Friday for the rehearsal dinner . maya what rehearsal dinner ? mile stop write . maya who 's get marry ? int . / ext . parking area near the orchard - day Maya lead the way toward the saab . maya be you ever go to say anything ? mile of course I be . I mean , just now I could have make up some story , but I do not . I tell you the truth . Maya turn to confront mile with a look of " give I a break . " mile reach out to touch she . mile Maya . maya ( jerk away ) do not touch I . just take I home . int . saab - day mile drive , glance occasionally at Maya , who stare straight ahead . mile I have tell he . I have tell he over and over , but he 's out of control . maya do you know what he 's be say to she ? mile he 's a actor , so it can not be good . maya oh , just that he love she . that she 's the only woman who have ever really rock he world . how he adore siena . how he want to move up here and get a place with the two of they and commute when he have to . mile I be sure he believe every word . a stony silence . mile please believe I . I be even on the verge of tell you last night , but ... maya but you want to fuck I first . mile oh , Maya . no. maya yeah . ext . maya' apartment build - day mile bring the car to a stop . Maya open the door and begin to get out . maya you know , I just spend three year try to extricate myself from a relationship that turn out to be full of deception . and I have be do just fine . mile and I have not be with anyone since my divorce . this have be a big deal for I , Maya -- hang out with you , and last night . I really like you , Maya . and I be not Jack . I be just he ... he freshman roommate from San Diego State . Maya want to let mile 's word reach she , but she can not just yet . maya could I have my paper , please ? unsure what she want at first , mile reach into the back seat for the New York Times . he hand it to she and watch until she go inside . ext . windmill inn - day mile pull up and park . int . motel room - day as mile enter , a shirtless Jack drop the barely legal and be immediately upon he , grab he in a big bearhug . the tv be on , perhaps show a e! true Hollywood Story . jack yo ! yo ! here 's my boy ! here 's my boy ! who 's you daddy , boy ? who be yo ' daddy ? mile put I down , Jack . Jack continue he paean to mile 's triumphant night . mile I say put I down . Jack ! still grip mile in a bearhug , Jack fling the both of they onto the bed . now on top of mile , Jack kiss both cheek . jack I be so proud of you ! let I love you ! now they get up off the bed . jack so tell I everything . detail . I like detail . mile no . jack what ? mile it 's private . jack you be kid , right ? tell I what happen , you fucker , or I will tie you dick in a knot . mile let 's leave it alone . Jack look at mile , he face freeze with incomprehension . jack you do not get any , do you ? ( off mile 's silence ) you be a homo . mile just stop , okay ? make something up , and that 's what happen . whatever you want . write my confession , and I will sign it . just stop push I all the time ! I can not take it ! you be a infant ! this be all a big party for you , but not for I ! this be serious . and you -- just ... leave I alone , okay ? you be fuck I up . jack wow. okay . calm down . sorry . mile begin to calm down . Jack grow concerned and sensitively put one arm around he friend . jack do you have trouble perform ? yeah , that 's ... mile shut up ! shut up , Jack ! the phone ring and both man look at it , silence by the ominous sound . mile do not answer it . but Jack be draw to it as though entice by a strange game of Russian roulette . mile I be tell you , do not . Jack pick up the receiver and put it to he ear . jack hello ? oh , hey , honey . how you do ? uh-huh . uh-huh. ( mouth ) christine . mile lie on he bed and clamp both hand over he ear . his face be dark with resentment . jack listen , honey . let I call you back . mile and I be in the middle of something . no , it 's nothing serious -- mile be just have one of he freak - out . yeah . Love you too . I will call you right back . Jack hang up . mile this whole week have go sour . it be not turn out like it be suppose to . ( deadly serious ) I want to go home . jack who 's be selfish now ? I be the one get marry . I think this week be suppose to be about I . mile we gotta slow down . ( close he eye ) I be so tired . let 's just get out of here . jack I know what you need . int . sear - day Jack watch mile be fitte for sneaker . a sale associate tie mile 's lace . sale associate there you go . mile get up and walk in a circle . mile do you like they ? jack yeah , they be great . sporty . they be really sporty . mile be they too sporty ? int . mall - day the boy exit sear , mile wear he new shoe and carry a plastic bag with a string handle . jack feel better ? mile shrug . jack ( notice something ) oh here , wait a second . I want to run in here real quick . he head toward a toy store . jack ( over he shoulder ) I want to get something for siena . mildly concerned , mile watch Jack go into the store . int . / ext . saab - day mile be slump in the passenger seat as Jack drive . they pass a big commercial winery . Jack slow down , prepare to turn in . jack how about this one ? we do not hit this one . mile yeah , it 's frass Canyon . it 's a joke . jack you ever actually be in there , mile ? mile I do not have to . jack ( turn the wheel ) I say we check it out . you never know . ext . large winery parking lot - day the saab find a place in the large parking lot . a tour bus , whose flank read " solva wine Tours , " be in the process of let out wine tourist , many of they elderly . int . large winery - day the room boast not only a large tasting bar but also display after display of t-shirt , golf shirt , olive oil , chocolate sauce and other gourmet tourist item emblazon with the winery 's logo . in the corner a acoustic guitarist with a small amp play soothing windham Hill -ish music . the taste bar be pack three - deep with tasters attend to by harried pourer . finally the pourer get to they glass . mile chew a sip and swallow , then downs the rest in a single gulp . mile tastes like the back of a fuck LA schoolbus . probably do not de-stem , hope for some semblance of concentration , crush it up with leave and mouse , wound up with this rancid tar and turpentine mouthwash bullshit . Fucking raid . jack I do not know . tastes okay to I . ( look at the taste sheet ) hey , they get a reserve pinot . mile let I use you phone . jack ( hand it over ) what 's up ? mile I can not take it anymore . I have get to call Evelyn . ext . large winery - day walk across the lawn outside , mile hold the cellphone to he ear . assistant ( on the phone ) Evelyn berman - silverman 's office . mile hi , it 's mile . assistant ( on the phone ) oh , hi , mile . let I see if I can get she . ( a moment later ) you be in luck . I will put you through . evelyn ( on the phone ) mile . mile hey , Evelyn , it 's you favorite client . evelyn ( on the phone ) how 's the trip ? mile good , good . drink some good wine and kick back , you know . so what 's happen ? still no word ? evelyn ( on the phone ) actually there be word . I speak to keith kurtzman this morning . mile and ? evelyn ( on the phone ) and ... they be pass . conundrum 's pass . he say they really like it . they really want to do it , but they just could not figure out how to market it . he say it be a tough call . mile huh . evelyn ( on the phone ) I be sorry , mile . ( off he silence ) so I do not know where that leave we . I be not sure how much more mileage I can get out of continue to submit it . I think it 's one of that unfortunate case in the business right now -- a fabulous book with no home . the whole industry 's get gutless . it 's not about the quality of the book . it 's about the marketing . mile be at a loss for word . a distant rumble begin to sound , the familiar harbinger of a anxiety attack . ext . deep canyon - insert once again we see the narrow rope bridge extend vertiginously across a great chasm . ext . large winery - back again evelyn ( on the phone ) be you there ? mile ? mile yeah , I be here . evelyn ( on the phone ) I be sorry , mile . we do all we could . you have be a real trooper . ( loudly , to she assistant ) tell he I will call back . mile so I guess that 's it . evelyn ( on the phone ) you be a wonderful writer , mile . do not be discourage . moment later -- mile stagger toward the taste room , unpockete he xanax and down a couple , as Evelyn 's clich of consolation continue in he head . evelyn ( on the phone ) just hang in there , and who know ? after you get something else publish , we can revisit this one . and next time we can try a different title . once back at the tent , he lean against it in a vain attempt to steady himself . the rumble grow deafen . int . large winery - day now inside , mile grab the first dirty wine glass he find and shake it out as he approach the close taste station . he push he way to front . the pourer offer the usual one - ounce dollop . mile jack it back , immediately extend he glass for more . mile hit I again . the same small amount be pour and down . once again mile hold out he glass . mile pour I a full glass . I will pay for it . pourer this be a taste , sir . not a bar . mile slam a twenty -dollar bill on the table . mile just give I a full goddamn pour . the pourer turn away to serve another party . mile look around indignantly , as though everyone should be sympathetic to this injustice . now mile boldly reach over and pour himself a glass right up to the brim and beyond . pourer Sir , what be you do ? mile I tell you I need a drink . pourer then buy a bottle and go outside . the pourer grab mile by the wrist before he can drink . pourer put the glass down . in the ensue struggle , the wine spill , and everyone nearby step back . pourer you be go to have to leave , sir . the pourer signal to a security guy at the door . across the room Jack notice the disturbance and head over . mile hoist up the spit bucket , hold it aloft and start to guzzle it . wine cascade down the side of he face , onto he shirt and even onto he shiny new shoe . the Security guy yank the bucket away from mile , and drag he toward the exit . Jack catch up . jack ( to the horrify onlooker ) it 's all right . his mother just die . ext . beach - day two pelican soar low over the water . one of the dive , crash into the water and disappear from view . Jack and mile sit on the hood of the saab , gaze at the ocean , share a bottle of wine . jack just write another one . you have lot of idea , right ? mile no , I be finish . I be not a writer . I be a middle - school English teacher . I be go to spend the rest of my life grade essay and read the work of other . it 's okay . I like book . the world do not give a shit what I have to say . I be unnecessary . ( a dark laugh ) I be so insignificant , I can not even kill myself . jack what 's that suppose to mean ? mile you know -- hemingway , sexton , woolf , plath , delmore schwartz . you can not kill yourself before you have even be publish . jack what about that guy who write confederacy of dunce ? he commit suicide before he get publish , and look how famous he be . mile thanks . jack do not give up . you be go to make it . mile half my life be over , and I have nothing to show for it . I be a thumbprint on the window of a skyscraper . I be a smudge of excrement on a tissue surging out to sea with a million ton of raw sewage . jack see ? right there . just what you just say . that 's beautiful . a thumbprint on a skyscraper . I could not write that . mile neither could I . I think it 's bukowski . unable to respond , Jack look up and down the beach . ext . bucolic road - day zoom ! there go the saab . the camera linger behind and pan to reveal the dead dog , now cover with fly and maggot . ext . windmill inn - day Jack and mile pull into the parking lot . jack ( lighting up ) oh , look . there 's steph ! he smile broadly and honk he horn . mile turn to see -- stephanie seat halfway up on the motel stair , she helmet in she lap , watch patiently as -- the saab pull to a stop in a parking space . mile mask he concern as he get out of the car and reach in the backseat for he sear bag . jack ( call out ) hey , baby . Stephanie stand up and slowly descend the step , as Jack reach into the trunk and pull out a big cuddly lion doll . jack look what I get for we favorite girl . Stephanie walk toward Jack as he waddle toward she hugging the lion . when they get close , Stephanie 's face transform with rage . stephanie you motherfucker ! she swing she helmet and hit jack full in the face . Jack fall , blood spraying out of he nose . Stephanie stand over he and continue to beat he with she helmet as he roll back and forth , protect he head with the stuff lion . mile ineffectually attempt to stop she , dance just out of range . mile Stephanie ! stop ! stephanie you fuck bastard ! lying piece of shit ! you be get marry on Saturday ? what be all that shit you say to I ? jack I can explain . stephanie you say you love I ! you fuck ! I hope you die ! with that she back away . glancing at she bloody helmet , she toss it onto the pavement before get on she bike . stephanie fuckface ! ( to mile ) you too ! as she speed away , mile be leave to comfort he wounded friend . the lion lie nearby , stare blankly at the sky . int . / ext . saab - day seat in the passenger seat and in great agony , Jack press a blood - soaked towel against he face . mile be not you glad you do not move up here and marry she ? jack do not need a lecture . you fuck tell Maya , do not you ? mile no , I do not . must have be Gary at the hitching Post . I think we mention it to he the first night . jack you tell he . I be fuck hurt here . mile keep it elevate . int . hospital er waiting room - day close on a cosmopolitan open to a article title " 24 Ways to please you man . " wider -- mile read , while nearby a young boy dry-heave into a garbage can hold by he father . a old woman park in a wheelchair face the wall . later -- mile be at a payphone . as he speak he try to peel off the metal long distance sticker . maya ( on the phone ) hi. it 's Maya . please leave a message . mile it 's mile . listen , I do not know if you even care , but I have to call and tell you again how much I enjoy we time together and how sorry I be thing turn out the way they do . I think you be great , Maya -- always have . from the first time you wait on I . ( brace himself ) and while I be at it , I guess you should know that my book be not get publish . I think this one have a chance , but I be wrong . again . do not bother read it -- you have get better thing to do . so you see I be not much of a writer . I be not anything really . the only real talent I seem to have be for disappoint people and now you know that firsthand . we be leave in the morning , and I want you to know that I take with I wonderful memory of you . I be sorry . I be really sorry . what else to say ? he hang up . he return to he seat . a moment later he extend he leg to look at he new shoe now stained with wine . later -- Jack emerge unsteadily from the bowel of the emergency room , he face purple and swollen beneath the huge white bandage that hold the noseguard in place . mile walk with he toward the exit . mile well ? jack I be go to need a operation . maybe a couple of they . they have to wait for it it to heal first . then they break it again . mile good thing you have a voice- over career . jack gonna fuck that up too . I should sue she ass . only reason I will not be to protect christine . mile that 's thoughtful . jack ( disgust ) yeah . they walk by we and out the door . ext . STREET in solvang - day Jack sit in the saab 's passenger side with the seat almost fully recline . when he agony allow he to open he eye , he glare at the danish themed store lining the street . a abelskiver maker ply he lofty trade in a nearby window . he hear a strange clomping noise and turn he head to see a man in wooden clog walk noisily down the street , dress in a traditional danish costume and carry a tuba . Jack take a slug of wine . just then mile get back in the car . jack I hate this place . mile tear open a paper bag and remove a bottle of pill . a closer angle reveal they as vicodin . mile take a couple of this , and you will learn to love it . mile open the bottle and hand Jack two pill . mile two for you . and two for I . Jack wash down the pill and pass the bottle to mile , who follow suit . ext . windmill inn jacuzzi - evening Jack and mile sit across from each other . for the first time we see large purple bruise on Jack 's arm and chest . jack so how do Stephanie know it be Saturday ? we do not get into that with Gary . mile huh . let I think . jack you sure you do not say anything to Maya ? mile sure I be sure . and just what be you imply ? I be really piss off at you about all this , if you want to know the truth . what 's Maya go to think of I now just for associate with you ? you be the one who 's sabotage I , not the other way around , pal . not by a longshot . Jack take a long lie-detecting look at mile . jack I do not know . just seem fishy . int . motel room - night the boy lie on they respective bed stare at the tv . Jack get up and lumber slowly to the dresser mirror like a large dog who have just be neuter . jack what 's it look like to you ? mile look like you be in a bad car accident . Jack turn to mile , nodd and think . then he look back in the mirror . jack I be hungry . ext . a.j. spur barbecue - night establish . Thursday night be cajun wing night . int . a.j. spur barbecue - night mile and Jack be finish they salad in the rustic - theme restaurant festoon with animal trophy . jack you know what I be think ? mile what 's that ? jack I be think it 's time to settle down . one woman . one house . you know . it 's time . mile uh-huh . Jack nod he head with no self - awareness or acknowledgment of the irony . now two plate arrive mound high with rib , slaw , bean and butter - whipped mashed potato . jack mm. mm. they cheery , saftig blonde waitress remove several foil packet from she apron and place they on the table . waitress and here be you handi-wipes . jack oh , so that 's what that be ? for a second there I think you guy be promote safe sex . the waitress over -laugh and swipe a hand at she naughty customer . waitress I will be right back with more corn bread . Jack watch she go and lean in close to mile . jack I bet you that chick be two ton of fun . you know , the grateful type . mile I do not know . I would not know . now she come back toward the table carry a big basket . beneath the hideous uniform , she nylon sh-sh - sh as she walk . when she arrive , she replenishes they corn bread basket use big tong . Jack watch attentively . jack Nice technique there ... ( check she name tag ) ... cammi . cammi it 's all in the wrist . ( a moment later ) you know , you look really familiar . you from around here ? where would you go to high school ? jack no , we be from San Diego . why ? cammi I do not know . you just seem really familiar to I . never mind . enjoy you meal . jack hang on . do you ever know a derek sommersby ? cammi Doctor derek sommersby ? you mean from " one life to live " ? mile look away and sigh . jack you have to imagine he with a bandage and short hair . as cammi stare at Jack , she face transform in astonishment . cammi no. Way . no way ! Jack smile and nod . cammi oh , my God ! mile could you tell I where the bathroom be ? cammi ( she eye barely leave Jack ) uh , sure , it 's right over there , right past the buffalo . in a wide shot -- mile get up and head toward the bathroom as Jack 's flirtation with cammi continue . the camera pan with mile as he walk by we and go through the bathroom door , which close behind he , fill the frame with the word " men . " later -- a toothpick dispenser as a finger tip it forward to dispense one . wider -- mile stand by the cash register and pick he teeth as he watch Jack finish speak with cammi and head he way . jack she get off in a hour , so I think I be just go to have a drink and then ... make sure she get home safe . mile you be joke , right ? ( see that he be not ) what be you do ? un-fuck - believeable . can we just go back to the hotel and hang out and get up early and play nine hole before we head home ? Jack rest one hand on mile 's shoulder and drop he head , think how best to put it . jack look , mile . I know you be my friend and you care about I . and I know you disapprove . I respect that . but there be some thing I have to do that you do not understand . you understand wine and literature and movie , but you do not understand my plight . and that 's okay . close on mile -- as the disappointment in he friend deepen by the moment . fade to black : under black , superimposed -- friday now come the sound of hysterical knocking . int . motel room - dawn despite the knock , mile remain motionless in bed , he expression serene . finally he awaken and drag himself toward the door , open it to find -- jack silhouett against the first rosy finger of dawn . he be barefoot . in fact he be clad only in he underwear . hugging himself , he pant and shiver . jack Jesus fuck Christ , it 's freezing . he limp past mile , yank off the bed cover and wrap they around himself . jack vicodin . where 's the vicodin ? my nose . mile hand he the bottle , and Jack frantically pop a couple of pill , chew they like candy . he sit down and bend over at the waist as though prepare for a airplane crash . jack Fucking chick 's marry . mile what ? jack her husband work a night shift or something , and he come home , and I be on the floor with my cock in he wife 's ass . mile Jesus , jack. Jesus . and you walk all the way back from solva ? jack ran . twisted my ankle too . mile that 's five click , Jackson . jack Fucking - a it 's five click ! at one point I have to cut through a ostrich farm . fucker be mean . mile have now awaken to take in the absurdity of the whole scene , and he laugh hard . the blankete bulge just sit there . finally it look up and show its pitiful visage . jack we gotta go back . mile what ? jack I leave my wallet . my credit card , cash , fuck id , everything . we gotta go back . mile Big deal . we will call right now and cancel you card . jack you do not understand . the wedding band . the wedding band be in my wallet . mile okay , so they be in you wallet , and you leave you wallet somewhere . some bar . christine will understand . jack no . she order they special . take she forever to find they . they have get this design on they with dolphin and we name engrave in Sanskrit . we have get to go back . christine will fuck crucify I . mile no way . no way . jack ( a pitiful whine ) please , mile , please . mile forget it . you wallet be steal at a bar . happens every day . Jack stare straight ahead , breathe through he mouth as he consider this . then -- jack no , we have get to get my wallet ! that ring be irreplaceable ! we have get to get they , mile ! I fuck up ! I know I fuck up , okay ? I fuck up . you gotta help I . you gotta help I . pleeeease ! Jack now descend to a level of wretchedness and desperation that mile have never see before in Jack , or in anyone else for that matter . jack oh , God , please ... oh God . I know I be bad . I know I do a bad thing . help I , mile . just this one thing , this one last thing . I can not lose christine . I can not . I be nothing without she . please , mile , please ... uuuuu ... uuuuuu .... uuuuuuu ...... no longer able to form word , Jack be reduce to emit low , primitive sound . snot flow from beneath he bandage nose . int . / ext . saab - morning mile drive in the early - morning light . Jack be now subdued , quiete by he pain and exhaustion . mile she tell you she be marry ? jack yeah . mile so what the fuck be you think ? jack be not suppose to be back till six . fucker roll in at five . mile cut it a little close , do not you think ? ( off Jack 's silence ) so how be she ? compare to Stephanie , say . jack horny as shit . flopping around like a land trout . ext . low -rent STREET - morning the saab creep around a corner . int . / ext . saab - morning Jack scan the street . jack yeah , this be the block . just keep go ... ( spot a amc pacer ) yeah ! this be it . there 's she car . mile pull over and cut the engine . mile so what 's the plan ? jack the plan be ... you go . mile I ? jack my ankle . just go explain the situation . mile ( sarcastic , clear he throat ) uh , excuse I , sir , but my friend be the one balling you wife a couple hour ago , and he seem to have leave he wallet behind , and we be wonder ... jack yeah , yeah . like that . just like that . mile give Jack a wither look . Jack reach for the door handle . jack fuck you . I will get it myself . mile ( grab Jack 's shirt ) hold on . ext . cammi's STREET - morning mile cross the street and approach -- ext . cammi be house - morning mile press he ear against the front door . nothing . then he notice -- a sliding glass door a few foot away , just barely crack open . mile creep over , stick he hand into the open space and pull back the curtain to reveal -- a live room the be hideously messy . draped over a deform beanbag chair be jack levi be . mile gather he courage , carefully slide open the glass door , and creep inside . int . cammi be house - continuous a furtive search of Jack 's pocket reveal nothing . then mile notice a high - pitched SOUND wafting from a open door down a short hallway . mile feverishly begin forage through the debris on the floor . again nothing . meanwhile the noise from the bedroom grow louder -- female moaning in odd rhythmic unison with a man' voice . in the hallway -- mile get on all four and start crawl , weaving he way through a trail of shoe and clothes . near the open door , the sound grow more distinct -- man you do not think I fuck you , bitch ? I will fuck you . cammi I be a bad girl . I be a bad girl . mile peer around the corner of the open door to see -- int . cammi's bedroom - continuous cammi be tied to the faux brass headboard . a big guy slam away at she . in the corner a soundless tv show a presidential PRESS conference . man you pick he up and you fuck he , do not you , bitch ? cammi I pick he up and I fuck he . I be a bad girl . man and you like fuck he , do not you , you fat little whore ? cammi I like it when you catch I fuck he . whoa ! mile manage to tear he eye away from this nature documentary and scan the room . Iris in -- to the wallet atop the dresser . mile 's eye dart back and forth between the couple and the wallet . his heart beat loudly , he go for it . he scramble to he foot , dash across the room , seize the wallet and tear out . behind he he hear -- man ( o.s. ) the fuck be that ? cammi ( o.s. ) the wallet ! he take derek 's wallet ! ext . cammi be house - continuous mile come fly out of the slide glass door , follow swiftly by the man , who be of course stark naked . and he 's fast for a man he size . cammi ( o.s. ) get he ! int . saab - morning Jack be recline in the passenger seat fast asleep . on the radio npr' carl kassel read the news . through the driver' window -- mile come sprinting towards we , mere step ahead of cammi 's naked husband . find the car door lock , mile knock loudly on the glass , startling Jack awake . mile open up ! Jesus ! open the goddamn door ! Jack flip the electric lock just in time for mile to get in before -- whump ! the guy 's belly hit the window . he pound on the roof before try the door , now re-locked . man you motherfucker ! I will kill you ! I will kill you motherfucker ! mile start the car and begin to drive away . the guy try to keep up but can not , run barefoot on asphalt . Jack turn to look -- out the back window -- the guy recede in the distance . jack remove the ring from the wallet . jack you do it ! you fuck do it ! they laugh and slap hand . close on mile -- for all he failure , this time he do something right . int . motel room - day the shade be draw . Jack be crashed out on the bed , snore loudly . mile fold he shirt and trousers -- readying he bag for departure . at one moment he stop and watch he friend sleep . a knock at the door . mile go to answer it , but once he hand be on the knob , he pause . if we be perceptive , we will know he 's hope against hope that it 's Maya . he open it . it 's just the maid with she big cart . maid housekeep . omit . ext . 101 freeway - day the saab enter the freeway and head south . int . / ext . saab - day mile drive while Jack stare out the window , watching the landscape change as they leave wine country . mile hey , Jack . Jack . jack hrnrnrn ? mile that be quite a day yesterday . Jack 's eye close , but he lip spread into a smile . jack yep. quite a day . mile quite a week . ext . 101 freeway - day a drive shot . ext . filling station - day mile pump the gas , while nearby Jack stretch he leg . as mile put the nozzle back in place -- jack want I to drive ? mile no , I be okay . jack hey , why do not you invite Maya to the wedding ? mile somehow I do not think invite Maya to you wedding be the right move . in fact , after you bullshit , it 's go to be hard for I to even go to the hitching Post again . jack you be so negative . mile replace the hose and screw on the gas cap . jack come on , let I drive . mile I be fine . you rest . jack I feel like drive . int . saab - day as the car make its way back toward the freeway , Jack look over at mile and slow the car to a stop . mile what 's wrong ? jack nothing . buckle up , okay ? mile obey . without hesitation , Jack accelerate and jump the curb , head into -- ext . vacant lot - continuous the saab plow into a tree . int . saab - continuous mile what the fuck ! jack ( point at he face ) you say it look like a car accident . mile what the fuck ! jack I will pay for it . ext . vacant lot - day they get out to inspect the damage . the hood be slightly crumpled , and the front fender be bent . mile look at this ! jack I do not know . do not look like anybody get hurt in this one . mile oh , no . oh , Christ . no , you do not . jack you need a new car anyway . mile look at he friend , incredulous . jack I say I would pay for it . moment later -- the trunk be open , and the guy be unload they case of wine . mile notice that one box be dripping . mile you break some . jack whatever . sorry . mile no , not whatever . you fuck derelict . moment later -- mile look on as Jack hoist a foundation block toward the open driver 's door of the saab . jack you ready ? mile wave he hand in a gesture of " get it over with . " grunting with effort , Jack lean inside the car and drop the foundation block onto the gas pedal . direct hit ! Jack leap backward and hit the dirt just in time . mile and Jack watch the driverless saab race toward the tree , its speed increase . but just before hit it , the car drift to one side and sail right past . mile oh , fuck ! the car zoom wildly across the vacant lot and , miss the tree , continue on until crashing through a fence and finally toppling headlong into a cement trench . only the back of the car remain visible . the whole thing be finish in a matter of second . still freeze in place , mile and Jack turn slowly to each other . jack it 's okay . I have get triple A. ext . 101 freeway - day from in front of the saab , we see its now crumpled hood and fender , a couple of bungee cord hold the whole thing together . ext . palos verde STREET - day the saab approach the end of the line . ext . erganian house -- day at the front porch -- mile have help Jack carry he bag and the wine . he plop the last case down . mile well . that about do it . jack why do not you come in ? mile uh-uh . you be on you own . jack so I will see you at the rehearsal . mile yeah . they give each other a brief manly back - slappy hug . jack Love you , man . mile back at you . mile head toward the curb . jack hey , do not pull away till they see the car . mile ( over he shoulder ) yeah. ( turn around ) hey , why be not I injure ? jack ( big smile ) you be wear you belt . back at he car -- mile get in and watch through the side window as Mrs. erganian open the front door and welcome Jack with shock and dismay . Jack point back at -- mile raise one hand in a feeble wave . the camera slowly move closer as he continue to watch -- jack -- weaving he story of woe . he 's a great actor when he want to be . Mr. erganian and a mortify christine come to the door too . Mr. erganian take a few step toward the car to get a better look . very close on mile -- watch the drama play out . then he eye drop as he momentarily lose himself in melancholy . this reverie be interrupt by -- the voice of a armenian priest startle , mile turn to look at -- a priest who be sing the blessing of the ring . we be now in -- int . armenian apostolic church - day the church be pack . close on the ring as the priest hold they aloft . if that ring could talk ... Jack shoot a quick look at mile , who look right back . the priest continue he bless . ext . armenian church - day at the top of the stair -- the wedding family greet the exite guest in a receiving line . smiling and exuberant , Jack seem utterly at home as the new groom . at the bottom of the step -- mile watch the scene , not without melancholy . then -- victoria ( o.s. ) hey , mile . mile turn and look up to see Victoria , stand one step above he . just behind she be she new husband . he exude the quiet confidence of a successful businessman who play college football , take expensive ski and sailing vacation , and have not read a novel since high school . mile hi , Vicki . ( take she in ) you look beautiful . victoria thanks . um , this be Ken cortland , my husband . from he spot hover over mile , Ken lean down and offer he hand . ken how be you ? mile hi. how you do ? you be a lucky guy . ken thanks . ( to Victoria ) I will wait for you at the car . ( to mile ) Nice to meet you , mile . mile ken. exit ken. mile that be big of he . victoria yeah , he 's good that way . very considerate . mile that 's great . victoria so how're you do ? mile since the last time we speak ? I do not know . could be better . could be worse . victoria so what 's happen with you book ? mile universally reject . Strike three . victoria oh , mile . that 's awful . what be you go to do ? mile back to the draw board , I guess . or not . so ... you be marry . congratulation . you look happy . victoria I be . mile seem like everyone 's get marry . a year ago it be all divorce . now it 's all wedding . cyclical , I guess . victoria I guess . just then a black lincoln navigator pull up alongside the curb . the passenger side window be halfway down , and the sound of adult contemporary Jazz waft out . Victoria give Ken a little wave . mile ( shifting gear ) well , let 's go have some champagne , shall we ? toast all the newlywed . victoria not I . I be not drink . mile you quit drink ? victoria I be pregnant . mile ( hit in the solar plexus ) oh. huh. well ... ( rallying ) congratulation again , Vicki . that 's wonderful news . victoria ( go to the car ) see you over there , mile . mile yeah . as she get in the car and cruise away , mile glance back at -- the receiving line -- where Mike erganian be introduce Jack to some dear old friend . Mike throw a loving arm around he new son- in - law , and Jack be draw into Mike 's bosom . ext . STREET - day a hand - painted sign , attach to a stop sigh and decorate with balloon , read : " reception this way ! " with a arrow point right . one by one , car be make a right turn . but when he turn come , mile turn left . ext . miles' apartment complex - day the saab pull up outside . mile leave the car idling as he sprint inside . moment later he sprint back to he car , this time carry something . omit int . fast food place - day his bowtie undone , mile sit at a booth eat . he wash down a bite by drain the content of a big wax - coat soft drink cup . he bring the cup to he lap and refill it from a bottle of wine hide next to he . as he set the bottle back down , we glimpse the label : 1961 cheval blanc . he take another sip . as the camera move closer , all the complex emotion inspire by the wine ripple across mile 's face . 14 -year-old boy ( o.s. ) " the marrow of he bone , " I repeat aimlessly . this at least penetrate my mind . phineas have die from the marrow of he bone flow down he blood stream to he heart . int . middle school classroom - day the voice belong to one of mile 's pupil read aloud in class . other student follow along silently from they own copy of a Separate peace . superimposed -- five week later mile sit behind he desk at the front of the class . 14 -year-old boy I do not cry then or ever about finny . I do not cry even when I stand watch he be lower into he family 's straight - lace burial ground outside of Boston . I could not escape a feel that this be my own funeral , and you do not cry in that case . the student look up . 14 -year-old boy do you want I to keep read the next chapter , Mr. Raymond ? mile ( as though come to ) hrnrnrn ? no , we will pick up there on Monday . int . miles' apartment - evening mile enter he tiny apartment . he loosen he tie and put down he satchel . on he way to the kitchen , he press a button on he answering machine . as it play , he open the refrigerator and look inside . answering machine one new message . maya' voice hello , mile . it 's Maya . mile freeze , not want to miss a single syllable . maya' voice thanks for you letter . I would have call you sooner , but I think I have need some time to think about everything that happen and what you write to I . another reason I do not call sooner be that I want to finish you book , which I finally do last night . mile 's heart pound . maya' voice I think it 's really lovely , mile . you be so good with word . who care if it 's not get publish ? there be so many beautiful and painful thing about it . do you really go through all that ? it must have be awfully hard . and the sister character -- Jesus , what a wreck . but I have to say I be really confuse by the end . do the father finally commit suicide , or what ? it 's drive I crazy . and the title . int . / ext . saab - day through the windshield -- we see ourselves take the buellton exit . maya' voice anyway , it 's turn cold and rainy here lately . but I like winter . so listen , if you ever do decide to come up here again , you should let I know . I would say stop by the hitching Post , but to tell you the truth I be not sure how much longer I be go to be work there . I be go to graduate soon so I will probably relocate . we will see . ext . maya' apartment build - day mile climb the wooden step and approach Maya 's back door . maya' voice anyway , like I say , I really love you novel . do not give up , mile . keep write . you be really good . hope you be well . bye . mile take a breath . finally he knock . fade out . the end