we_bought a zoo benjamin mee be dress in a protective hazmat suit . he be cover in killer be . we hear the voice of a 14 year - old boy , Benjamin 's son . his voice crack with adolescence . dylan 's voice my dad be a writer who specialize in adventure . Benjamin speak into a tape-recorder . benjamin I have get hundred , maybe thousand of killer be all over I , right now . if I be not wear this suit , I no be dead in a instant . a passport each page , cover in stamp . dylan 's voice he interview dangerous dictator . hugo chavez speak emphatically to Benjamin mee . chavez {in subtitles ) take this message back to America ! I have a ten billion - dollar oil loan from China ~- deal with it ! on a swirling Mass of angry cloud a plane surge through a lethal hurricane . dylan 's voice he even fly into the center of Hurricane charley . it be a category four storm . in the cockpit Benjamin , bounce wildly , look completely alive . dylan 's voice ( cont ’d ) he know the in and out of strange and exotic adventure ... backwards and forward . but nothing prepare he for this one . int . benjamin mee's kitchen -— morning we see a young girl 's foot in reindeer slipper . ' then Dylan 's sneaker , hand - draw with artwork . then Benjamin 's bare foot . they dog , leon , wind through the morning chaos . Dylan 's sneaker step on he tail . the dog yelp . Benjamin mee try to negotiate breakfast as a single father . his lively daughter , rosie , be 6 . dylan , 14 , look like a young Tim burton . rosie daddy ! I can not have this milk . I be lactose intolerant . benjamin I know that -- rosie Mom always give I almond milk . dylan this waffle be not gluten free . dad , you do not read the label . benjamin id morning ? '' int . benjamin 's car -- morning Benjamin be late , he 's get Subway sandwich in the car , stuff they into lunch - bag as he drive . benjamin so what be you tell I , Dylan ? dylan I do not do the work . benjamin you have to focus . if you focus on you homework like you focus on you artwork , you have have it all . as it be —- rosie hey dad -- benjamin ( to Dylan ) -~ you nre go to get a F ! Dylan drop a truth bomb . dylan dad . nobody 's go to give a '' F '' to a guy whose Mom die six month ago . ext , front of school -- morning Benjamin unload . a wheel come off Dylan 's pack . benjamin shi ... rosie owe I a dollar ! Benjamin be barely able to balance the swirl duty . benjamin I do not complete the word -~ dylan I get it , dad . I get it . on school mother watch nearby . they share a look at each other , evaluate Benjamin 's lack of parent ease . one hold a hello Kitty bag . another wear the perfect sweat and Jackie o shade . they have mother down to a designer — accessorize science . one of they be sentimental . she hold a pyrex dish as she watch Benjamin get he kid through the school 's front loor . sentimental mother Mr. mee ! I think maybe ... she push the pyrex towards he . sentimental mother ( cont ’d ) ++. lasagna . Benjamin take it and thanks she silently . he look at the pyrex dish . she see he still wear he wedding ring . benjamin thank you so much . i’11 get this dish back to you -- sentimental mother ~- in time . in time . he nod . it 's the sympathy conversation that he find hardest . rosie wave to he , know somehow that wave be exactly what he need , at that exact moment . he wave back . ext . san diego STREET -- day Benjamin and he brother , duncan , 30' , walk the business courtyard near Duncan 's office . it 's lunchtime busy . Duncan and Benjamin have a unique way of speak . somehow , long ago , they settle on a rhythm of offer noble pronouncement to each other . duncan Benjamin . i_have arrive benjamin tell I , dunc . duncan I think you should call that girl we meet at jamba juice . Benjamin look slightly horrify . duncan ( cont 'd ) benjie , she be a stunner . benjamin she be not beautiful like my Katherine . Duncan have stop . they favorite do nut place be close . duncan '' close temporarily for renovation . '' bernie 's hungover again . benjamin a '' stunner ? '' really ? Benjamin scoff . duncan all right , let 's think , there 's ... well , how about Neal 's ? Duncan indicate a place nearby , on the corner . it 's Neal 's , a coffee shop with cool wooden booth . Benjamin stiffen noticeably , will not even look at the place . benjamin dunean . duncan look , the world be go to get very small if you do not go to any place where you guy used to go . benjamin I meet she there . duncan oh Jesus , I be sorry . that 's right . benjamin I gotta get back to work anyway . we will go out later this week . duncan okay then . Benjamin start to go , but Duncan grab he arm . duncan ( cont 'd ) benjie . let a little sunlight in . human interaction be a good thing . it all help you start again . you need _to start again . he hold he fist out for a bump . duncan ( cont 'd ) come on . it 's the new '' high - five . '' Benjamin reluctantly bump . benjamin I miss the high - five . duncan you '' miss '' everything . stop it ! benjamin ( courtly ) I will attempt to '' start over . '' duncan I love you , my brother . they hug . and they do love each other . a lot . benjamin thanks man . Benjamin stride away . duncan benjie ! Benjamin turn . Duncan spread he arm , it 's a beautiful day . he demonstrate the art of '' bask . '' duncan ( cont ‘d ) '' sunlight ! '' '' human interaction ! '' Benjamin bow . I get it . duncan ( cont ‘d ) " Joy ! " Benjamin pause to admire he brother -- who root for '' Joy '' like it 's a football team . he smile and turn . int . san diego union elevator —- day Benjamin stand in the workplace elevator . he look over at a woman , who nod with sympathy . he nod back . then at another woman . she nod , with understanding sympathy . he return a small smile . then he look at a man , who look at he with obliging sympathy . it 's get to be too much . int . copy desk -- day Benjamin meet he editor , delbert mcginty , 5us . mcginty be old - school , patch on the elbow of he coat . last of a die breed . benjamin alright , mcginty , so get this . I go to the volcano eruption site . i_tak id . and I write about ... the end of the world , from the point of view of the generation that will save it . and we do a whole thing about life be elemental , and all the software and laptop and apps in the world can not change it , and the piece be call , get this ... i- pocalypse . mcginty wow. just ... wow . benjamin i see it as a series . like the killer be . mcginty that be bold stuff . benjamin you nre not go to say '' yes '' be you ? mcginty ( immediate , truthful ) no . benjamin right . okay . mcginty listen , I think we should give you a online column . that way you be protect . if the paper go down , or get sell , you be still safe . you will be virtual , you will be '' viral '' ... benjamin do not keep I around out of ... mcginty I be not -~ benjamin 's +. out of sympathy . I hate sympathy . I be sick of sympathy . mcginty {sympathetic} I know . benjamin you know what — — mcginty bad thing happen . you just keep go . benjamin -- I quit . mcginty Benjamin . benjamin no . I be not go to sit around here and spin my wheel and live in a state of ... of sponsor pity . mcginty please , just let I lay you off so you get the benefit . benjamin that be more sympathy . no ! I resign . and I love you , and you patch elbow , and I salute you , and all we good time together , and I quit . his cell - phone ring . ext . school -- day Benjamin move importantly up the stair . int . principal 's office -~ day Benjamin sit in the chair next to he son . together they stare straight ahead . a breeze blow the hand - crank window back and forth . squeak , squeak , squeak . benjamin classy . Real classy . dylan they leave the cash box right out on the counter . kinda they fault if you think about it . benjamin Three suspension in one semester . that 's get to be some kind of record . Benjamin stare at the squeaky window . dylan maybe I 'o get a prize . benjamin be that a joke ? could you possibly be make a '' joke '' right now ? because if you think -- ( be : the window ) jesus , that 's annoying . Benjamin get up and walk over to the window . Dylan watch he work at it . the principal walk in . see lan sit alone . Dylan gesture to the window . Benjamin have already get the window unhinge and be work on it . he look up . they be stare at he . benjamin ( cont ’d ) the window frame be loose . tighten it for you . just ... one second ... he use he car- key screwdriver . principal I '' fine with my squeaky window , Mr. mee . Benjamin abandon the window . principal ( cont 'd ) besides today 's theft , there be a darkness here that we should deal with . Mr. devereaux , Dylan 's art teacher , want you to see he wall mural . ext . school wall ~- day they walk along a pleasant row of large-size student mural . sunflower . a portrait of Bob marley . a treatment of the word '' Love , '' and then ... a very dark portrait of humanity that only Francis Bacon could love . principal guess which one be you son . Benjamin stare at this horrible portrait . principal ( cont 'd ) we be a three strike school , Mr. mee. today be he third strike . I be sorry we have to expel Dylan . but_as one parent to another , I would examine he inner life . ext . parking lot —- afternoon they walk in silence . Benjamin barely keep a lid on . dylan it 's like he be expel I for my artwork . benjamin no . he be not expel you because of you artwork . I can almost live with the artwork . I mean , if Charles Manson need a personal muralist , you would definitely have the job ... if the devil himself come back and start a sing career , walk away , this . wou. hi : cover , but no ... no , he be not expel you for you artwork . he be expel you because you steal . you steal . int . kitchen -- night Benjamin take the sad dish of lasagna and open the refrigerator . the dish join stack of dish of lasagna and other sympathy food gift . nearby , rosie be make peanut - butter - and -jelly sandwich for tomorrow . she have take on '' wifely '' duty -- even at 6 . rosie one day you be go to have to eat some of that lasagna , daddy . benjamin honey ... 10. rosie or throw it away . Benjamin sit down and sigh . he watch she carefully put the sandwich in Ziploc bag . benjamin + ++ what happen to you playdate ? why do not you want to go to sadie 's ? roste no reason . just lot to do here . benjamin hey rosie . be I do anything right ? rosie ( think ) you nre handsomer than the other dad . a lotta they do not have hair . so that 's good . benjamin what if I go bald ? rosie we will call that number on the t.v. ad , where the man grow bald - guy hair . benjamin good . I be gonna take baldness off my list of stuff to worry about . rosie good ! she check a imaginary box . he smile . she label the lunch in she 6 year - old scrawl . int . dylan 's room -- night Benjamin look in . asleep , Dylan look much young and more serene . Benjamin move to he kid , push aside the mod hair , and kiss he forehead . int . rosie' room -- night he kiss rosie 's forehead . rise up . stuff animal be pile around she , she look like one of they . 11 . int . bathroom -— night Benjamin wash he face before bed . he see the other wash — basin in the bathroom . it 's Katherine 's basin . her skin creams . her brushes , her medicine . all still there . a note in she handwrite , the hour and time to take medication . he hold onto the sink basin and can barely stand up straight . rosie ( 0.s. ) daddy , I can not sleep ... the neighbor again . he turn to face she , smile and calm . benjamin aw honey ... he go to the window . the neighbor . they music be loud . they laughter be loud . rosie they '' happy '' be too loud . he turn to she . a idea have arrive . int . car -- next morning a long -face real -estate man attempt small talk . real -estate man we have a full day of house hunt plann , and I think you will be very excited at what 's available -~ benjamin «+. we need '' new '' . New school , new opportunity . New . real -estate man I think you will find that in we current economic environment , the buyer be King . rosie King daddy ! rosie be still in she pajamas . real -estate man ( humorless ) where to first , '' King daddy ? '' 12 . benjamin I have like a big yard , something substantial , some roll hill , just whatever come to mind when I say '' new . '' real -estate man Rolling hill might be hard in the eity . benjamin they do not even have to roll . they can be stationary hill . right , rosie ? rosie have a seat - belt on she stuff dinosaur . she 's eat animal cracker , leaf through the real estate binder . rosie I wish Dylan have come with we ! this be fun ! the Real - estate man remain humorless . real -estate man we adventure begin . on a house not quite right . benjamin no. on another house very not right . rosie no ! on yet another house perfect , white - picket fence . ( we be get more rural . ) rosie ( cont 'd ) mmmm . no. on still another house with overgrown lawn . benjamin / rosie no . not quite . the Real - estate man be unamuse . Benjamin and rosie 's repartee be not he style . 13. real — estate man we be now run out of option . rosie dad . Benjamin turn to see that rosie have find a flyer from deep in the back - seat binder . she present it grandly . ext . countryside -- later day we be definitely out of town . int . car -~ later day Benjamin clutches the list with grow excitement . benjamin ++. what would we do with 18 acre ? real -estate man I have to be honest . the rosemoor property have some challenge . benjamin what. do not ? real -estate man true , but this situation be , I be go to offer this word -- '' unique '' ... Benjamin see the road lead to the property . benjamin wait a second . be that it ? real -estate man yes . and — benjamin rosie , look . they face press against the car window . Music . a small tingle , a single instrument play a melody —- we theme . ext . rosemoor property ~- later day we pass through a tree-line entrance . it 's entice ... a artfully run-down american Colonial house ... roll hill ... a property gloriously in need of love ... maybe even they . in here be a masterpiece . as music continue . 14 . ext . driveway -- later day Benjamin , hold rosie ( and she dinosaur and a small purse ) on he shoulder , look at the property . real -estate man Mr. mee , we need to talk ... Benjamin ignore the Real -estate man , move closer to the house . above he , rosie reach for she purse and withdraw a small kiddie camera . Music grow , they heart pound . he feel destiny . benjamin you do not have to take a picture , rosie . rosie why not ? benjamin ( very simply ) because we be go to live here . ext . doorway -- later day the Real - estate man fiddle with key . benjamin this be exactly what we have be look for . real -estate man well , let an not get ahead of ourselves ... the door open , and Benjamin and rosie bound past he . the house be musty , but crackle with promise . int . bedroom --— later day Benjamin and rosie be in the master bedroom . rosie peer out the window at the landscape , she head just clear the sill . the Real - estate man join they . benjamin it 's perfect . why do not you tell we about it earlier ? real ~estate man it 's a bit complicated . 15 . benjamin complicate be okay . complicate can be great . we love complicated , do not we , rosie ? rosie nod , as if she have any idea what that mean . benjamin ( cont 'd ) so what 's so complicated about this place ? real -estate man you see , it 's ... it 's um ... the Real - estate man hem , not quite sure how to put it . real -estate man ( cont 'd ) --. frankly , it 's ... we hear a loud , bone-rattle crush roar . so loud , so intense , it sound like it 's in the same room with they . real -estate man ( cont ’d ) w+. it 's a zoo . ext . lion enclosure -- later day the Real - estate man , Benjamin and rosie stand in front of solomon . Solomon happen to be a large African lion with a majestic mane , stand at attention , study this stranger suspiciously . Benjamin and rosie stare at the awesome animal . separate only by a small moat , alone in a zoo , the relationship between man and animal get a little more ... personal . Solomon roar again . and this one , close - up , rip we head off . they collect themselves . mournfully : real -estate man it be a fully function zoo until two year ago and then it be shut down . the estate be maintain it for now —- benjamin but can not I ... I mean , if we buy this place , we could just relocate the animal , right ? real -estate man actually , the estate be sell it with the stipulation that whoever busy this place have to continue caring for the animal . and +--+. the remain staff . ( more ) 16 . real -estate man ( cont 'd ) if it do not sell soon , the animal ... will probably be ... he look at rosie , and Benjamin , as in ~- '' put down . '' Benjamin share a reality - ~look with rosie . benjamin well , thanks . I do not know anything about zoo and animal . it 's a great property , but no one be go to buy it under that condition . I mean it 's a - ~ real -~estate man -- exactly , and that 's why it 's be on the market so long . and why I do not show it to you . Benjamin look around , disappointed . his eye fall downward . he can no longer look at Solomon . benjamin well , it 's just ... it 's too bad . alright . we will keep look . come on , rosie , let 's ... he do not see rosie . for a moment , panic . benjamin ( cont 'd ) rosiel !! no sign of she . benjamin ( cont 'd ) perfect . I keep she home from school one day and she get eat . the Real - estate man take a few step , and spot she in a nearby clear . he point . rosie she 's surround by a small crowd of peacock and peahen , spread they fan in the air . she 's in the middie , delighted , feed they she animal cracker . relaxed , happy , carefree , a kid . Music return . it 's rosie 's theme . benjamin ( cont 'd ) Boy , it 's a shame that we can not just ... benjamin shot push in . pure joy have return to he life , in some small way . he watch he daughter 's spontaneous romp with this scrappy peacock . her happiness be breathtaking . he sit down on a nearby stump , quietly overwhelm . 17 . there be no one to share this feel with . the Real - estate man be already trudging up the hill . Benjamin look around for someone , for Katherine , for anybody . he be at the crossroad of a powerful life decision . he turn and find a understanding pair of eye . solomon the lion stare at he with ancient wisdom . his eye say ... yes . yes be the answer . int . donut shop ~~ day Benjamin and Duncan hang at they do nut place . he address he brother carefully , like a jumper on a very tall ledge . duncan I say ... '' human '' interaction . benjamin it 's destiny , dunc . the owner die , the place fall into disrepair , and the estate 's have trouble unload it . I be tell you , we can get a deal on it , too . duncan a '' deal ? '' benjamin yes . duncan you have be through a difficult stretch . this be what people do when they have a you - know - what happen in they life . they lose they way a little bit , you know , they go '' hey ~~ I think I '11 quit my job and try something new with my life . '' and then they wake up later and say , '' wow . I be reall glad my brother do not let I blow dad 's inheritance to ... " Duncan lean forward , tired of play along . duncan ( cont ’d ) or fote ) i i a ‘o arest dk est 7 benjamin but that person you be talk about , they do not see this place . ( more ) 18 . benjamin ( cont 'd ) by the way , there 's even a semi - function restaurant on the property . it 's call the jaguar . Duncan adjust he brother 's coat . he be tender again . duncan it 's not you life , benjie . you get kid . benjamin accord to the seller 's estate , you do not need any specialize knowledge to run a small zoo . just a lot of heart . duncan and cash . all you cash . benjamin I have always want to run my own business . Katherine and I talk about it . duncan wait a second . wait . benjamin the zoo make 75 percent of its revenue in the summer . all we have to do be get rosemoor open again by Memorial Day and -— - duncan you be lose it . I give you a pass when you freak out about go to Neal 's . benjamin hey . this be not about Katherine . duncan please , I beg you . do what other do . go to Vegas , lose a lot of money . Travel through the stage but stop before ... of grief -- but. sto . zebras get involved . benjamin no zebras . just a lion , a jaguar and 47 other animal , 7 endangered species . all of they , save , when we make this deal . Duncan know the die have be cast . he 's horrify and concerned and distraught . 19 . duncan Holy Jesus . that 's all I have to say . Holy , and Jesus . benjamin I have not doubted this decision for one second . be not that crazy ? duncan yes . benjamin the kid will be so psyched . int . mee's kitchen -- night rosie be serve dinner to the two man in she life . dylan you be freaking kid I . benjamin do not say '' freakin '' to I . show some respect . dylan benjamin it 's call the rosemoor Animal Park and it 's 18 acre and wait until you see the animal . dylan my friend be here , we life be here ! benjamin I be surprised at you . what do we talk about , a new start , a new place ... dylan that 's what you want . that 's not what I want . but you nre not ask I , be you ? rosie set down a dish . excite and enthralled . rosie we buy the zoo ? dylan no -- we do not . he do . 20 . Dylan push back he chair and exit . Benjamin sigh , look at rosie , she face light up . rosie we buy a zoo !!!! Benjamin and rosie laugh with joy . Leon bark , cheerful . int . meens bedroom -- day Benjamin pack . he 's power by destiny , can not move fast enough . he dump a handful of clothes into a box mark for goodwill . rosie walk over , look in the box and fish out ... a tatter college sweatshirt that say : usd . she hold it up to he ~-- really ? rosie mommy use to wear this sometimes . benjamin yeah , it start out as mine , but it 's all zipped up now so -- ( off she look ) I know , it 's hard to throw stuff out sometimes . they regard the shirt . benjamin ( cont 'd ) I know . keep it , right ? Benjamin look at rosie . she understand what this mean . rosie it 's time . let that sweatshirt start over . he throw the sweatshirt into the goodwill box . and then hold up a severely tatter stuff monkey . benjamin I could not find the little converse shoe that he use to wear ... rosie never . that we be keep . benjamin ( immediately ) okay . Benjamin laugh and throw the monkey on the keep pile . 21 . int . moving van -- day Benjamin be at the wheel of the move van . Dylan draw in the backseat , lose in he headphone , as rosie 's bounce happily . Benjamin intentionally drive past ... Neal 's coffee shop . he catch a view of the corner booth , disappear into he past . he say goodbye with a simple gesture that only rosie see . he memory brief , just a glimpse . a woman in the booth , turn away . rosie ( 0.s. ) we be here ! ext . rosemoor entrance —- rainy later afternoon they turn down the driveway , and gain they first family view of the rosemoor property . in this gray rainy afternoon light , it look much less appeal . more scary and decrepit than beautiful . leon whimper , and yelp . Dylan let out a long judgmental whistle . Benjamin do not notice . he only see the beauty . he will not be deterr . in fact , he 's enthralled . he drive a victory lap around the property . benjamin look . the jaguar Restaurant . on the jaguar restaurant a place on the outskirt of the property . a girl , 15 , ( lily ) arrange the letter on a small '' do -it -yourself '' neon sign in the window . it read : welcome brave new owner . benjamin ( cont ‘d ) how great be that !? he honk . Dylan notice the girl , who wave to they . ext . house -~ rainy afternoon Benjamin , rosie and Dylan help four mover unload the mee 's Van . wolf be howling in the distance . int . back kitchen doorway -- night they open the door to the back kitchen entrance . this side of the house need a lot of work . they be hit with a overwhelming smell . benjamin right , this be the storage side of the house ... 22 . he consult a small '' owner 's manual '' for the home . benjamin ( cont 'd ) --- this be where they store the snake food ... dead rat ... stillborn chick , that sort of thing . be read up on everything -- whew ... dylan I miss we home . Benjamin nod gamely . shove open the main residence door . benjamin alright ! we be in ! ext . 200 ~~ morning the staff be line up at the entrance . they look at Benjamin like a exotic species of animal . we meet the ragged crew of Zookeeper . ellis , 65 , be a tall man with a beanie and white beard . robin , 30 , a worker . from Orange County . and they spokesman be ... kelly , 28 , head Zookeeper . pretty , with to -the-bone communication skill . she have a strong grip . human be not she thing . she 's a animal person . kelly I '' Kelly Foster , head Zookeeper , and over here be Robin , and Ellis . Robin be we craftsman . Ellis be we visionary . he build the enclosure that set the standard for modern zoo all across America . ellis ( attempt modesty ) and the world . kelly and the world . yes , and he and Robin do ... well , basically everything . and this be my cousin lily . she 's fifteen . lily have already meet eye with Dylan , who look away quickly . ( she 's a rural beauty , he 's a city curiosity . ) 23 . kelly ( cont 'd ) she can not legally work here so we pay she cash under the table out of '' my salary . she life on the property , work out of the jaguar . and that ‘s... basically it . it 's just we , Mr. mee . benjamin great to meet you guy . I be Benjamin . this be rosie , and this be Dylan , my eldest . and , this be we zoo now , I guess . they look at he oddly . not a particularly rouse speech . he press forward , search for connection with they . benjamin ( cont ‘d ) so I declare we all ... modern Day adventurer ... and sponsor of Animal greatness ! it 's not quite kill ‘em . he clap he hand together . benjamin ( cont ’d ) okay ! onward ! ext . zoo -- day Benjamin , rosie and Dylan walk through the zoo with the staff . rosie look at everything with wonder . Dylan follow , hand dig deep in pocket . lily be a extrovert , she sidle up to Dylan , size he up . lily how old be you ? dylan uh , fourteen , I guess . he feel comfortable and uncomfortable , at the same time . rosie where be the otter ? I no love to see the otter and the snake and the monkey . kelly ( to Benjamin ) listen , when you get a chance . there be a few thing we want to jo over with you about we upcoming inspection . Benjamin flip through the paperwork , a quick study . 24 . benjamin that would be the -- the USDA inspector . Walt ferris . ellis i’/ 1i kill he ! 1'11 -- kelly Ellis . stop . Ellis stop . she have strange control over this white - haire firecracker of a man . the peacock cross they path , several raise they fan and display feather . benjamin it do not get old , do it ? ellis what , the peacock ? dumbest animal in the place . and we be overrun with ‘em . in the old day we use to feed the extra one to the bear . rosie no! ellis ( unconvincing ) though nowadays that sort of thing be frown upon . rosie look distraught . kelly speak of which , if I be you , I '' keep you dog —- benjamin Leon . kelly Leon need to stay away from the snake habitat . he 's get '' lunch '' write all over he . benjamin get it . he make this note on he notepad . ( the same red notepad he use as a reporter . ) lily linger to walk next to Dylan , still size he up . he try to act casual , awkwardly . 25 . ext . another path / bear enclosure —- day they arrive at the bear enclosure . kelly and that 's buster , a 650 pound North american Grizzly . he be 770 but he 's be stress . he 's moody . we have he on paxil , but we can not afford it anymore so he 's a little depressed occasionally . benjamin hey buster . miss the med ? buster swipe at the air , viciously . benjamin ( cont 'd ) I be on the natch too . the Animal keeper share some look . lily lean over to Dylan , confide privately : lily talk to the animal have to be do in a super specific way . he do not have it yet . he will learn . Dylan nod . she 's so interested in Dylan . lily ( cont ’d ) where do you get you shoe and how much do they cost ? ext . still another path / otter -- day we pass the otter and the monkey . kelly walter ferris be a creep . Benjamin shuffles through paperwork , make a note . benjamin '' ferris -- creep . '' kelly you can just talk to I , you do not need to make note . ferris shut we down once before . we would get a little behind , as you know , with this small staff ... they pass a enclosure with a homely creature who look like a large dark brown pig with a elephant snout . rosie point . 26 . rosie who 's that ? kelly that 's a tapir -- ronnie . ronnie look over at they . he lock eye with Benjamin . it 's a baleful , sincere look . kelly ( cont 'd ) poor guy . we have bring in female tapir but they will not have anything to do with he . robin think he might be ugly for a tapir , but it 's kinda hard to tell . ronnie , eye still on Benjamin , reach he snout through the fence . Benjamin reach toward he , curious . ronnie look at he , thoughtfully ... and methodically wipe tapir snot all over Benjamin 's hand . benjamin ronnie ... a pleasure . rosie laugh . Kelly offer a towel from she back pocket . lan back away , horrify at this new life . behind he , lily be still rivete on this new kid from the city . rosie can we see the tiger ? ext . TIGER enclosure -- day they stand across the moat from three tiger -- two young female and a older male , grizzle around the whisker . there be a weathered elegance about the older male . he be SPAR , and he walk gingerly across the exhibit , a bit creaky , but fill with a grand sense of supremacy . everyone , even the keeper , view this tiger with a sense of awe . even Dylan draw closer with interest . rosie I think they would roar . like Solomon the lion . Kelly be slightly annoyed by this constant misconception . kelly Tigers and lion -- very different . Tigers do not really growl or roar , they '' chuff . '' Kelly skillfully demonstrate , make the sound , which sound like blow a raspberry , use she top lip . 27 . kelly ( cont 'd ) you chuff at they , they chuff back . she chuff to the tiger . the tiger gently chuff back at Kelly . Kelly turn to rosie . kelly ( cont 'd ) you do it . rosie try . nothing . then try again . spar look over at she , and chuff back . rosie 's eye go wide . kelly ( cont ’d ) that ... be spar , the oldest . he 's 17 . he 's a siberian Tiger . you know , tiger have special sensor along the front of they two -inch canine . they can detect the pulse in you aorta . when they attack , they bite you , take you pulse with they tooth , reposition that sucker , and boom , there go you carotid . rosie wow ! boom . we hear the sound of a gunshot . benjamin what be that -- kelly one of we lioness . lung cancer . the vet say -- it 's time . Benjamin look around . no Ellis . benjamin Ellis do that ? kelly ( neds ) life around here be pretty elemental . dylan can we go back to the house , now ? ext . zoo -~ day ~- minute later Benjamin , rosie and Dylan walk up the hill . Kelly join . kelly -- there be a few decision you x11 have to make right away , Ben . benjamin Benjamin . Ben be my dad . kelly spar , who you just meet , the tiger , be go to need some extra care . we need to have he see by the large animal vet from San Diego , and he 's a fortune to get here -- Benjamin feel he budd altruism . benjamin Fine . set it up . kelly -- it 's expensive . benjamin he 's sick , he need a doctor , so -- kelly he 's also very old , Ben .... jamin . Truth be , we do not know how much longer . benjamin get the doctor . I / x11 pay . she 's impressed . benjamin ( cont ’d ) what 's next for today ? kelly ( brighten ) okay , we have get massive problem with plumbing , antiquated wiring , inadequate refrigeration for store the carcass for the big cat -- you do not want to be there on a hot day , you 'il pass out from the smell -~ benjamin get it . keep go . kelly rickety post . beak rot on the tortoise . a weak enclosure between the jaguar and the Tigers . they do not get along . and -- benjamin okay , enough . we will start with the cage . kelly the ... what ? she glare at he , incredulous . benjamin post in the cage . kelly cage ? they be not cage . they be enclosure . no one have call they a cage in about a century . benjamin alright then -- kelly my brief marriage ? that be a cage . benjamin not mine . 29 . and now Kelly stop walk . she let the other continue on . she turn to he , dead serious . relly I have a question . Benjamin look at she , ready for anything . kelly ( cont ’d ) you be some random guy , no one in the zoo community have ever hear of you . you know nothing about animal , you have move into a dump . what regular person just 4 p and busy this place ? especially some one with kid . why ? he do not answer . kelly ( cont 'd ) you have no idea what we have be deal with here . we use to have three time this staff . they quit . I '' 28 , I never go out , I be here all the time . I be here every day . I have to move back with my mother . I could not pay my mortgage . no one get pay , Ben ... jamin . we be so understaffed . we need volunteer . he be stunne by she raw devotion to this animal . 30 . kelly ( cont 'd ) we need someone to really take charge of this place . or we , and all this animal , be go . benjamin so you question be -- rely ( simply ) why have you buy this place ? benjamin why not ? he smile and move on . she stand still . ext . benjamin 's office -- night a gentle wind whip at the tree by the window . at he seat at Katherine 's old family table , Benjamin look at the bill spread out before he . the weight of it all hit he . ext . porch -- night Benjamin stand on the porch . he hear what few of we ever hear . the sound of a zoo , alive , at night . it 's a gorgeous cacophony , instrument in a symphony . he 's fall in love with he new life . and in the distance , the gentle sound of laughter . int . dylan 's bedroom -- night Dylan be still awake , listen to the unfamiliar noise too . carefully , he reach under the bed and fish around until he find what he 's look for . a picture frame . it 's a hoto of Dylan , rosie and they mother , Katherine . ( her face be obscure in the darkness . ) he cradle it with everything he 's get , and wait for sleep . ext . zoo -- night Benjamin squish down the hill , through some mud , head towards the laughter . int . jaguar restaurant -~ night the restaurant at night be the hub of the place . it 's the staff 's hang - out , they clubhouse . 31 . lily work on the letter for tomorrow 's sign in the window . the restaurant be fill with artifact and curio , include a dartboard with a vain - look man 's face on it . ( it 's walter ferris , the USDA Inspector . his face be also on a ancient coffin in the corner . ) Ellis , hold a whisky and nursing a toothache , launch dart at the board . he speak to a few worker , as he pull dart out of ferris 's face . ellis walter ferris . I x11 kill he . I will . I all cut off he head with a sword -- I x11 kill he without a think . and , he borrow $ 500 from I in the 80' , and claim he do not remember . crook ! Kelly be play chess with Rob at the bar counter . she 's hear it all before . a few odd local be here too . a old - school big screen projection tv play satellite soccer . a stereo play a old garage rock song from the 60' . Ellis wail along with it , as if it be a sea-shanty . the door open . Benjamin stand there , witness the party he have not be invite to . all stop and stare at he . he decide to join they , uninvite , walk a few step into the place . it 's a awkward moment . until Ellis pull out a empty chair with he foot and shove it Benjamin 's way . ellis ( cont 'd ) {a bit drunk ) it 's the most dangerous animal in the forest ! the adult boomer male ! Benjamin smile , tip a imaginary hat , and sit down . Kelly point at she beer -- want one ? Benjamin nod . he sing along to the old song , along with Ellis . camaraderie continue , wordlessly , as they return to they previous behavior . Kelly bring over the beer . kelly here you go , boss . she set it at he table . kelly ( cont 'd ) welcome to you zoo , Benjamin mee . she move on with a smile . ext . zoo -~ day Benjamin , wear new tool - belt and boot , take a look around the zoo . he take a deep breath . a lot of work . 32 . int . porcupine enclosure -- day Benjamin walk purposefully into the porcupine enclosure . he repiace a crumble wooden post . two porcupine watch calmly . he speak to they , in a voice still slightly too folksy and self -aware . benjamin hey guy . you be go to love you new enclosure . look at the quality of this new post -~ Benjamin call over to Robin , carry feed . benjamin ( cont ’d ) they nre so docile ! robin not at night . Benjamin bang down a new wooden post . benjamin so you get wild at night , huh ? in a flash , one of the porcupine wheel around and in reverse , begin charge he with razor - sharp quill bare . Benjamin hop the enclosure , pronto . he fall over the fence , into a thicket of nettle . nettles . worse than quill . Benjamin begin pick they out , painfully . robin ( laugh ) you do not talk to they correctly , boss . be real with they . they can tell the difference . Benjamin speak to the porcupine who shot he . he 's piss . benjamin you —- I be never talk to you again ... you little glorifiel rodent robin ( without look over ) now you be talk to he ... Benjamin be get it , and loving the journey . int . backyard —- day -- same time Dylan be draw on he sketch - pad in the backyard , and lily show up with a basket of sandwich . 33 . lily whatcha do ? you want a sandwich ? dylan ( shy ) no , that 's okay . she invite herself to sit next to he . he pretend to be casual . she look at he draw , and at he . lily you get a nosebleed . dylan I know . he continue draw , and she uncomfortably study he work . lily how have you get the nosebleed ? he look up at she . dylan I slip on the roof and bang it . lily it 's a weird house . she stare at he draw . lily ( cont ' ’d ) I like you draw . dylan thanks . lily it 's a little dark . where 's the sun ? dylan there 's no sun in the underworld . she nod . lily I be off at 4 . dylan cool . she get up to return to work . 34 , lily alright so I might come back later . Dylan remain focus on he work . dylan okay . she exit . he look up . already he miss she . Music . on benjamin 's muddy new boot hitting the ground . int . benjamin 's office -- day a mountain of paperwork be stack in the middle of the desk . it 's so tall , it obscure most of Benjamin 's body . skinny rhonda the secretary , 20' , drop off another billing sheet . ext . backyard ~- day Dylan draw . a clock by the backyard say 4:10 pm . here come lily with a basket of sandwich . '' she drop one off for he , and exit . he open it up and see a note . it read : '' hi Dylan '' along with a sunny draw . int . benjamin' office -- next day the mountain of paperwork be now even bigger . we can only see the top of Benjamin 's head . Rhonda drop two more billing sheet onto the top of the stack . ext . backyard -— day Dylan open up the sandwich . there be a note for he . it read : hil have fun in the underworld ! L benjamin' boot Broken in . Music end . int . house -- night Benjamin cook dinner for he family . he serve corn on the cob and potato . benjamin I forget to buy butter . 35 . rosie that 's okay , dad . benjamin how important be butter to this meal ? I will take a vote . just keep in mind , it 's no mile a to the grocery store . be butter worth you dad drive 18 mile ? okay let 's vote . they look at he . they miss butter . ext . driveway -~ night Benjamin exit car , have drive 18 mile , return with a grocery bag . he see Kelly , still at work . relly Long day for you , Ben ? benjamin tong day for you . you should go . we will take over -- we be good . she look at Benjamin , a dish - towel over he shoulder . Dylan mope out from the porch . Benjamin hold up the grocery bag like a trophy . benjamin ( cont ’d ) 18 mile for butter ! Dylan bow , thank you . benjamin ( cont ‘d ) where 's you sister ? be she with the peacock ? Dylan point . of course she be . rosie amble up the driveway , follow by she peacock . roste dad , Kelly , guess what ? I give everyone a name . ( point to each peacock ) this be Lucy , and wes , and peaches and Coco , and Doctor Lou , and jackpot . kelly that 's great ! '' jackpot . '' benjamin honey , that 's great . what a great name . ( more ) 36 . benjamin ( cont 'd ) but I be talk with Kelly here , she need to go home and get some time to herself . dust tell we whatever we can do to finish up . kelly ( shrug ) be you sure ? he look at she . yes , sure . Kelly continue , in one breath . kelly ( cont ’d ) okay -— so you need to put some water in the tiger habitat -- spar have some new medication , it 's in he food , make sure he finish it . then turn off the light in the reptile enclosure . we get a big shipment of African garter snake , you can leave that in the travel crate , they will go into the exhibit tomorrow . she 's so relieved to have remember everything . kelly ( cont 'd ) oh , and the monkey need fruit . benjamin Kelly . have fun , go out . go into the city ... kelly think I will just go to my pillow . benjamin goodnight . kelly you too Benjamin . she stop . kelly { cont ’d ) I forget that thing you want I to remember for you . benjamin go home ! he be touch by she determination , as she finally exit . he stand tall on the porch . 37 . ext . zoo —- night the kid follow Benjamin across the zoo — rosie happily , Dylan begrudgingly . do chore . dylan «+. it have a sick amount of homework tonight . benjamin yeah . unhuh . let 's go . rosie and I be go to give the tiger some water ... Dylan you head over to the snake enclosure and make sure the light be off in the side room . they need darkness . int . TIGER enclosure / back room -- night this be where the tiger sleep at night . rosie watch Benjamin put water in the tiger enclosure . Benjamin look at spar . he talk to the animal soothingly , with grow skill . benjamin you take you med , Old man ? ( he check ) good . gotta keep take that pill , or Kelly ’1ll drive ya nut . he lean forward , tell he a secret . benjamin ( cont 'd ) I think she like you guy more than she like people . whaddya think ? spar lazily blink he eye at she . rosie laugh softly , appreciate they both . rosie he look tired , dad . benjamin he 's go to be okay . spar look at Benjamin . benjamin ( cont 'd ) be not you , buddy ? spar blink . he roll over slightly , stretch happily . benjamin ( cont ’d ) see ? he like we . 38 . rosie Dylan really love you , you know . benjamin I know . rosie he 's just mad that he friend do not visit he here . he think they would all visit and nobody come . Benjamin nod to himself . ext . reptile house -- night Dylan walk in , look around . the room be fill with life . the reptile perch on fake tree and watch he , curious . he 's about to switch off the light in the back room when he see the plastic travel crate . from the grate side he can see -- dozen of snake , wait to be put into the habitat . it 's marked : african garter snake , non-venomous . Dylan slowly open the box and look inside . the box be alive with flick tongue and anxious slithering garter snake . it 's one thing to draw they , another to see they up close . yeesh . he shut it quickly , leave it mistakenly ajar . he turn off the light , and exit . the room be erackle with life , as snake begin to drop from the crate , onto the floor . int . rosie' room -- night Benjamin put rosie to bed . she nestle in among the stuff animal , and pillow . some fan be blow . rosie could you possibly point another fan at I ? benjamin rosie , you have three fan blow . rosie I like it ! benjamin I '' serious here . all this wind blow . when do beyonce step in and start shoot she next video ? in you bedroom . rosie be delighted . rosie you be funny . 39 . benjamin and you . lose in that pillow . we have to get Ellis ! and Rob and ody to burrow down there and pull you out . guy ! help ! she burrow down deeper , laugh , can not get enough . benjamin ( cont 'd ) you '' happy '' be too loud ! she squeal ! benjamin ( cont ’d ) where do you go ? I can hear you , uw he reach into she stash of pillow and find ... the old usd sweatshirt that belong to Katherine . benjamin ( cont 'd ) —- well how about this ? we old friend . rosie just think we should keep it . Benjamin decide to speak honestly to she , too . just as with the animal , he be find he voice in every way . benjamin you be so much like you mother . I hope she know what we be do here ... she do , right ? I know we be help Dylan . right ? he worry he 's share too much , and then realize ... she 's already asleep . he reach down to kiss she . int . house -- next morning Benjamin and rosie pack lunch and backpack . the morning drill . Dylan amble in . benjamin we gotta go ! we gotta go ! Dylan yawn . Way behind , and not worried about it . dylan I wish it be Saturday night . benjamin I too . unfortunately it 's Monday morning . can we move it ? 40 . dylan ( mutter ) you be funny with other people , but never with I . which I find funny . benjamin here 's what 's not funny . I have to drive you 40000 mile to you school . move . Dylan sleepily reach for Orange juice . rosie Dylan like lily . dylan ( older brother wisdom ) please . she 's way older than I . it do not work that way . shut the refrigerator decor , he look out the window . he be very suddenly awake . he freeze at what he see . , a ean ( cont ’d ) I be a dick . benjamin ( sharply ) Benjamin move to he , then see what he see . Pov ~-— benjamin and dylan garter snake be move in force across the front lawn . ext . front lawn near driveway -- day rosie watch from the porch , fascinate and more than a little creepe out . Benjamin , Kelly , Robin ... and Dylan chase snake across the lawn . the snake be sneaky and fast and hard to catch . benjamin I do not get it , Dylan . how do you let this happen ? dylan there be nothing you could say to I that would be as harsh as what I '' say to myself , dad . benjamin oh i_disagree . Dylan shake he head . Benjamin feel instantly rotten . 4i. benjamin ( cont 'd ) I just want you to be happy . unless you do not want to be happy . dylan what 's so great about be happy ? benjamin ( be not it obvious ) that you nre happy ! dylan I be sorry I effed up the box of snake . whatever . benjamin hey . you do not say '' effed '' up with I . okay ? we do not '' hang out , man . '' I be you father . dylan okay , get it . whatever . Kelly watch all . nearby , on the porch , rosie look down . there be a snake at she foot . she shriek . ext . barn -- day Benjamin and Kelly load spar the Tiger 's dinner of fresh carcass into two wheelbarrows . kelly I do not think we lose any snake , ben. jamin . benjamin I think we get ‘em all . kelly and hey . pretty sure this be none of my business ... she say , but into he business ... benjamin we have capture snake together , I think it 's okay . kelly what do I know ? I be 28 , and I live with my mother , but ... benjamin say it . 42 . kelly I know he 's you kid and you love he , and all . benjamin yes , it 's my legal responsibilit : to love he . '' kelly but if I talk to my father the way he talk to you ... he would have throttle I into next week . benjamin mine too . and I would have understand why . kelly what happen to manners , man ? benjamin look , the kid be fourteen . he 's be through something no kid should ever have to go through . I gotta give he more time before eee kelly -+- knock over a 7/11 ? come on . everybody 's get excuse . he give she a look . a line she should not cross . kelly ( cont 'd ) just fire I . I will not leave , but you can fire I . benjamin I '' not go to fire you . kelly you can not fire I . you have not even pay I . benjamin well -- that 's true . but I will by Friday . kelly ( imitate Dylan well ) '' whatever . '' Benjamin smile quietly . benjamin we have arrive at the epicenter of you sense of humor . 43 . kelly see -- it 's there . she be appealingly self -aware . they arrive at the Tiger enclosure . Benjamin prepare himself , use he key to enter . benjamin you sure they be in the pen ? kelly put ‘em there myself , this morning . int . TIGER enclosure -- day we see SPAR , in the small pen at the side of the enclosure , sit in the shade . he blink he eye lazily as he watch Benjamin and Kelly look up at a large tree in the middle of the habitat . benjamin there must be a easier way to do this . kelly it 's better for they if they hunt for they food . they regard the tree . kelly ( cont ’d ) I ' 1l do it if you want . benjamin no , I be a quick learner . Benjamin climb the tree . spar watch , look amused . benjamin ( cont 'd ) ( to spar ) hey . Benjamin hang over the enclosure , the animal look up with amusement and hunger . kelly I be go to recommend not fall . the other Tigers whine and moan , ready to pounce . benjamin and if I be to fall ? kelly toast. 44 , benjamin get it . kelly some say the big cat be the most finely tune kill machine in the world . benjamin ( immediately ) okay , enough . Kelly reach into the wheelbarrow and hand Benjamin a large slab of animal carcass . he wedge it among the branch . benjamin ( cont 'd ) there you go , spar . kelly a little higher in the tree , Benjamin . Benjamin shimmy up higher . almost slip , recover artfully . spar rise unsteadily on he creaky leg . benjamin ( perfect voice ) hey spar . you want to see what we be do ? amazingly , spar lumber closer , seemingly connect to Benjamin 's invitation . benjamin ( cont 'd ) that 's right , Bud . soon ali of this will be yours . minus the '' I '' part of course . the animal chuff . benjamin ( cont ’d ) how about that , Kelly ? he listen to I more than my own son ... Kelly be suddenly not pay attention . in the distance , she see a dark van pull up into the front courtyard . kblly it 's the fed . walter ferris . int . jaguar restaurant -— day lily on the walkie-talkie . lily mayday ... mayday ... 45 . intercut : ext . TIGER enclosure ~- day Benjamin be still in the tree , as Kelly whip out she walkie . benjamin I think the inspection be a week before we open -- kelly ( eye narrowing ) look like a '' hello '' visit . benjamin we be not even close to ready . kelly just be yourself . he drink a lot of coffee -- and you must ignore he angry stomach . in case it 's leud teday , you do not mention it . benjamin okay . get it . kelly and ... most importantly ... ( into walkie ) keep Ellis away from he . we do not need bloodsh today . Kelly prepare for battle , exite to the gate . benjamin hey give I a hand here ... she 's already march to meet ferris . benjamin ( cont ’d ) '' ++ 2°11 get down somehow . he edge he way down . benjamin ( cont ‘d enjoy you lunch , spar . minus the '' I '' part , of course ... and he almost slip out of the tree , hopping onto the fence and over the enclosure with stylish flair . the zoo life become he . as spar head for lunch ... 46 . ext . front yard -- day walter ferris , 45 , exit the vehicle . he wear a blue-suit , stylish tie . Benjamin rush to meet he . ferris Benjamin mee ? walter ferris . benjamin pleasure . ferris smile , look around . feel the wind . creating tension be a pleasing activity for ferris . benjamin ( cont ' D} we official inspection happen a week before we open , accord to my information . ferris lean forward . his stomach growl loudly . so loud it 's jarring . Benjamin ignore it . ferris I '' here for a '' pop by , '' Mr. mee . benjamin good , let 's schedule a '' pop by . '' we just get here , Mr. ferris . but we will be ready by September . ferris shake he head arrogantly . the wind blow he unfortunate hair . he look around , as if wait for one more person . ferris '' pop bys , '' Mr. mee , be by they very nature ... a surprise . ferris whip out he notepad . Benjamin whip out he own notepad . it 's on . ferris ( cont 'd ) I will be make note today , in preparation for the actual inspection . but we be responsible for the upkeep , not just the granting of license . welcome to the business of maintain live animal , Mr. mee . it 's a real fun party . where 's the Zookeeper ? kelly that 's I Kelly . ferris look she up and down . a touch salaciously . his stomach growl loudly . several exchange look . 47 . ferris note have you as the Assistant , with no formal training . kelly I move up . ferris scoff to himself , and be about to head down the hill . he stop , and turn to Benjamin . with child - like derision and a healthy regard for he own magnificence : ferris why would you buy this place ? ferris shake he head . the lack of wisdom in the world frustrate he sometimes . ferris ( cont 'd ) I just can not get ... he make a showy '' lift '' gesture . ferris ( cont 'd ) --- a handle on it . ferris turn and head down the hill , hum to himself . Kelly look at Benjamin . here we go . ext . 200 path -- day Benjamin and ferris walk toward the enclosure . Kelly follow . benjamin I start right in with the post in the can ... ( catch himself ) -+-gein ... closure . and we take care of the beakrot in the tortoise , which you know , I think be major ... ferris I be not a tortoise man . ' too prehistoric for my taste . benjamin interesting . well , my daughter love the peacock . she have name for they . Lucy , wesley , peaches , Coco , jackpot ... ferris turn to Benjamin . his stomach growl . out of the rumble , come a short loud blast . 48 . ferris they be not zoologically significant . consider donate some to other zoo . Leon follow , bark . ferris ( cont ’d domestic be strongly discourage on the property . I have note the coon hound , and now this creature . benjamin well we live here , so it 's tough -- go back , Leon . Leon sadly head back to the house . ferris pop a tum 's . ext . path -~ day qhey walk by one of the field . Benjamin and ferris , follow closely by Kelly . benjamin my five year plan be to bring a giraffe ere one day . once we open and get some revenue in —- ferris laugh to himself . his stomach rumble softly . ferris a giraffe eat 40 pound of leave a day . do you have the tree ? do you have the resource , or even the space ? I have study the sloane Animal Park . they be smart . they come to I for advice . you see ... I be use to successful operation . he walk out of frame . Kelly whisper to Benjamin . kelly I do not know how you keep you cool . benjamin ( focus ) I keep it , because he want I to lose it ... kelly good work . how about that stomach ? 49 . ext . monkey house ~- day ferris exit the monkey House , make more note . ferris so far , you first priority be the monkey House , the hole in the mesh ... and the inadequate dumpster fencing ... reptile house , water pressure insufficient ... excessive mulch in hold pen ... his stomach squeak loudly . ext . lion enclosure ~- day with arrogant flourish , ferris whip out a tape measurer , and shoot the tape across the moat . he 's like a fly fisherman with he tape . benjamin you know , a lot have be write about the innovative design of this enclosure . built by Ellis -~ ferris I know all about Ellis . I have be come here leng before you . and I W ' gi . he zip tape back up . ferris ( cont 'd ) eight inch short . kelly that 's regulation . ferris New guideline be be raise this year . and we raise the barrier height too . I would make that first priority as well . Benjamin make a note . ferris gaze at Kelly and linger a moment too long . ferris ( cont ’d ) i_ see that one of this tiger be 17 year of age -- benjamin yes , spar have a bout with kidney disease , but it 's in remission , now we ’‘re just deal with some hip dysplasia -- 50 . ferris have you begin to draw up a end - of - life plan ? Benjamin look take aback . ferris ( cont 'd ) part of the humane care of a animal be plan for the — - benjamin he 's fine . we have the vet come over from San Diego , take a look at he , we be all good there . ferris the end game on a big cat can be quite costly . benjamin I understand . he 's not go anywhere soon , but thank you for you concern . ferris pause , look around . his stomach growl deeply . ferris I guess I just do not get how you could call this '' a home . '' benjamin ( directly ) like this . it 's we home . the directness shut ferris down . he consider Benjamin a moment , then walk away . Benjamin linger behind . '' spar look at Benjamin , sympathetic . int . jaguar restaurant -- day ferris sweep into the jaguar . ferris where be my friend Ellis ? robin somewhere . ferris look around the place . the coffin no longer have he picture on it . the dartboard do not have he face on it . he look almost disappointed . 51 . int . hallway —~ day lily stand in front of a back - room door . there be a knock from inside . lily I be sorry , Ellis . the door be stick ! int . gift shop -~ day ferris stand in the gift shop . a large parrot cage be nearby . the parrot squawks loudly . ferris noise . the macaw be far too loud for a public room this size . I would make that first priority too . benjamin i agree . we be building a new housing for he . ferris ( shut book ) do you have the budget to make this change ? benjamin yes . ferris give he a look of disbelief . ferris you know this will not be a success . benjamin we disagree . ferris I understand what you be try to do here ... ferris shake he head . ferris ( cont ’d ) I just can not get a ... he make the theatrical '' lift '' gesture again , pump he hand up and down . ferris ( cont 'd ) -' - a handle on it . he exit . 52 . macaw parrot '' can not get a handle on it . '' '' can not get a handle on it . '' ext . Z00 -- day Dylan have find a nook behind a unoccupy guest home on the property . he 's draw . lily found you . Dylan look at he watch . it 's 4 ‘o clock . dylan hey . she bring he a sandwich . lily whatcha draw ? she look at it . dylan you like it ? lily so much bloodsh . dylan I know . lily I gotta go . I have to feed more people , and then the otter . she exit . he open up the sandwich . there be a draw of a girl ( her} and a bubble that say : '' hi Dylan . I can not draw as well as you . '' he laugh to himself . throw it away . ext . driveway -~ zoo ~-— day ferris disappear down the driveway , spew gravel . benjamin twelve item be first priority . two be medium priority . all of they need to be fix before he return in a month . Ellis appear . ellis where be he ? 53 . kelly he just leave . ellis I all kill he . benjamin ( ignore Ellis ) how much do this look like to you , Rob ? Robin look at the notepad . robin well , I no have to take a look , go through it in a itemize way . '' but you be gonna have to put some more skin in the game . benjamin Robin . how much ? robin I have say you be look at a buck - fifty . rosie yay ! a dollar-fifty . I have it ! benjamin {darkly good . we will need it . rosie clap . benjamin ( cont ’d ) I '' go to take a little walk and wrap my head around all this ... he give they a '' thumb up , '' and walk down the path , look at he notepad . privately , Robin approach Kelly . robin ferris lust you . kelly well , it sure be not gonna take one for the team , if that 's what you be get at . robin I be not get at anything . believe I . kelly I hear that . 54 . robin shame about boss , huh ? he just get here and now he 's think about quit . kelly quitting ? where do you get that ? Robin point out Benjamin , down the road . robin that be the posture of a quit man . benjamin ~~ there Pov set against the beautiful backdrop , he look stoop and worried , flip through page of he notebook . Kelly watch he , and damnit . she realize how much she do not want he to leave . int . car -- day Benjamin and Dylan ride together silently . not speak . benjamin how do they send someone home early for '' moodiness ? '' dylan ( moody ) I do not know man , it 's a sensitive school , Benjamin sigh deeply . he round the corner , and stop at a stop sign near the zoo . while he 's stop , a surreal sight play out in front of they car . it 's a massive brown bear meander across the road , like a pedestrian crossing in front of they . the bear stop , and lumber up to the window , stare at Benjamin , and then continue . buster be loose . Benjamin and Dylan continue stare straight ahead , bone straight . slowly , like the bear be in the car with he , Benjamin carefully withdraw he mobile phone . ext . zoo hillside -~ day Kelly spring up the hill towards the bear enclosure clutching she cell phone , follow by lily . 55 . kelly buster ... busteri !! they do not hear anything . kelly ( cont 'd ) Robin be up here , work on the drainage , maybe he trip the latch —- she pull out she walkie-talkie . kelly ( cont ’d ) Robin ! Ellis , come in —- nclick off ) buster !!! we hear music , as we follow ... buster roaming free , happily . we be on he back as he move down the read . he be bliss out , move fast . out in front of he , we see another car spot buster fifty foot ahead of he , slam on the brake and make the fastest u- turn in history . four tranq gun Three be pull off the rack . ext . hillside -- day Ellis , Robin , and Kelly move across the hillside , like a rag Wild bunch . Music continue . ext . driveway -— — day Benjamin and Dylan screech into the driveway . Benjamin run upstairs . int . rosie 's room -- day Benjamin enter , wild - eye . his daughter be compose and sit on she bed . benjamin do not leave you room . rosie ( casually ) I know . buster 's loose . you will find he . 56 . ext . gas station / convenience store -- day a bored clerk watch as buster pass by one of the window and disappear . the clerk squint . huh ? and then , across the next window , much closer to the clerk , buster reappear with a spare tire around he neck and another one in he hand . he hurl it away with incredible force , and disappear . ext . hillside ~- day buster on the hillside , wave he arm in povest freedom . and then , like a man with much to accomplish , he move on . ext . hillside -- day Benjamin blast through the brush with the fourth trang gun . other nearby . he head deeper into the brush . benjamin {to other ) I ' 1l take this side of the hill ! kelly ( 0.s5 . ) I call the vet from San Diego ! he ' 1l be here with the Big Van ... but it x11 be expensive ! benjamin ( run , shouting ) I will pay whatever it take ! we sure do not need the publicity of a escape ... ! he suddenly stop . he see what we do not . and then , camera drift around to reveal ... buster be eight foot away . stare at he . suddenly , all be calm . 's we hear the yell voice of the other , but there be utter silence between man and animal here . it could go either way . benjamin ( cont ’d ) buster . buster look at he curiously , and then start to move closer , sniff the air . the scent be guide he towards Benjamin . Benjamin begin speak in a very calm voice . benjamin ( cont ’d ) I be not go to hurt you . yes . I have some lunch . pizza. 57 . buster sneeze . and put out he arm to the side as if demonstrate something . benjamin ( cont 'd ) gesundheit , buddy . Benjamin demonstrate the same behavior . for a moment , it 's like two mime show off they move . buster look entertained by Benjamin . he 's comfort . Benjamin feel deeply connect ... benjamin -~ profile as buster inch into frame , we truly grasp the explosive power and size of the animal . kelly ( nearby shouting ) confirmation ! he break the latch on the enclosure !! buster roar loudly . benjamin I understand . I feel that way most of the time . we be now on the hair- trigger precipice of real violence . this be not a '' fun '' bear . this be the real thing . and deep inside , Benjamin feel like this may be the end . benjamin ( cont ’d ) I do not care about I . but you 'il make my kid sad . buster look at he understandingly , and what look to we like a depth of feel . benjamin ( cont ’d ) well ... one of they for sure . something pass between they . and then ... bam bam bam . bam . buster get a daze look and crumple to the ground . the other swarm closer , and all be suddenly on cell - phone . we can hear the chatter . robin kelly Benjamin be do some hypno- Benjamin contain he . he 's voodoo stuff on he —- okay . 58 . Benjamin shrug it off . he 's still in shock , really . he look down at the tranquilize bear who be , just moment earlier , communicate deeply with he . ellis he be toy with you , my boy . that 's what they do before you become chip and salsa . benjamin no , I think we be dance . ellis the last dance . Benjamin be not buy it . he turn to Ellis with a think . benjamin i see he on the hillside . utterly yee ... ellis you be lucky . benjamin Ellis . I want to make he enclosure bigger . he exit . &llis turn to rosie and Dylan . ellis you dad just face down a 750 pound North - american Grizzly bear . rosie ( wide - eye ) I be suppose to stay in my room . Dylan look across , to lily . lily have begin to dress more darkly , and wear make -up . ext . bear enclosure -- afternoon Kelly , Robin and Benjamin secure the completely unconscious buster into he enclosure . Dylan and rosie watch from a safe distance . the san diego vet officiously withdraw a leather case . with much fanfare , he withdraw a '' field '' credit card machine . and present Benjamin with a bill . vet I take Visa . I prefer mastercard . Benjamin be still stare at the bill . the vet put a reassure hand on he shoulder . 59 . vet ( cont 'd ) hey . nobody die . Benjamin look at he -- good point -- and slowly withdraw he Zoo credit card . the vet snatch it with a elaborate flourish , run in through the machine , get the signature , and leave Benjamin with a receipt , all in a swirl of pomp . he tuck the card machine into the leather case . it be he ritual . the vet exit . Benjamin feel drain , in almost every way . he mumble : '' the World 's most expensive vet ... '' ellis if you be serious about extend the enclosure , I can start tomorrow . Benjamin let out a quiet whistle . benjamin why not . he have no idea where the money will come from . Ellis exit , leave Benjamin alone with Kelly . Kelly be impressed . kelly you be get a ... she make the '' lift '' gesture . kelly ( cont 'd ) +» handle on it . on the jaguar coffin ferris 's face back on it . int . jaguar restaurant -- night Benjamin be a hero . Ellis , already pleasantly high on scotch , salute he while play dart . ferris 's face have return to the dartboard too . camaraderie grow . Benjamin gain strength from he grow family . Dylan watch , feel exclude . lily notice . she gesture to he . Benjamin notice they exit . ext . house roof -- night lily and Dylan sit on the roof . lily I love that you be name after Bob Dylan . she look at he , so impressed by he . he 's not use to this kind of attention . 60 . ext . Z00 -- night a deep blue night . just the light on from the jaguar . ext . parking lot -- night Benjamin and Kelly walk to she truck . both have have a beer or two . she reach into she pocket for she key , as they crunch across the gravel parking lot . walk silently . benjamin I be worried that lily ie go to hurt Dylan . kelly oh no . it 's go to be the other way around . benjamin how do you figure that ? she 's a farm girl , Ben ... jamin . he 's like this exotic creature from the city . benjamin my son ? exotic ? kelly yeah . benjamin I be worried you think he be a little bit of a jerk . kelly I be guess that rosie be more like you wife , and Dylan be more like you . that 's why you be so hard on he , right ? he laugh ruefully . it 's start to rain , and this conversation have grow too personal . benjamin I want you to know . TI think you be pretty . please do not be offended if I do not hit on you . kelly I have be offended if you do . benjamin good. 61 . big £. a I be a big fan of people be exactly who they be . benjamin exactly . kelly we think alike . benjamin we do . kelly if '' want to be kiss by you , you would not have a choice . benjamin ( polite , pleasantly buzze ) I have no doubt ... kelly see you . benjamin see you . they exit in opposite direction . ext . porch -- night Benjamin stand on the porch , look out at the zoo . int . dylan 's room -- night Dylan lie in bed , think about lily . int . bedroom - night Benjamin peel off he wet clothes . throw they on top of the giant pile of laundry overflow a basket in the corner . he pull on a pair of sweat . he pull open a dresser drawer -- not much in there that 's clean . a beat , then Benjamin find something . the old usd sweatshirt . he laugh , still a little woozy from the day and the beer . he pull it on . then promptly go over to the bed and toss himself across it , exhaust . he shove he hand into he pocket . and then ... he withdraw something . a piece of paper . he look at it carefully . he be instantly sober . 62 . int . jaguar restaurant -- morning Rhonda the Secretary have gather the staff together . rhonda I have be check he bill . people , I hate to tell you this . the Zoo account be empty . he have no more money . they look at each other . rhonda ( cont'd he 's go to end up sell this place to somebody cheap , for the land alone . I '' warning you now . behind that front ... be a front . he 's a fraud ! int . duncan 's accounting office ~- day Benjamin be still wear the usd sweatshirt . Duncan pass . stop . duncan benjie ? benjamin hey bro . duncan what be you do here ? Benjamin produce a manila envelope . benjamin you need to look at this . I find a deposit slip . it do not make sense . so I open this -- int . donut shop ~~ day they sit across the table . Duncan hold a formerly - seal manila envelope in he hand . duncan you never open this package ? benjamin no . I mean , no . duncan bro. 63. benjamin I could not open a envelope that say , '' open in case of death . '' duncan ( shake he head , off deposit slip ) you be the Michael Jordan of denial . the ... mose of avoidance . benjamin can we not talk about it ? duncan no -- talk about it . look at this . do you realize what this woman do for you ? she know exactly what you would do . she know you have make some bad investment , try to run away , and need a cushion . she have you cushion ready . $ 44,000 . she call it you circus money . this woman be still look out after you . well , this part be unfortunate , she say , '' listen to you heart , not you brother . '' benjamin she like you . she just like I more . duncan well . I can see why you still burn the torch , man . benjamin it 's be six month . I have get to the other side . Duncan decide not to bust he . duncan you be free . you realize that . benjamin I do . duncan you know you have get to give up the zoo . it 's undoable , benjie . this money be you ticket out . ext . otter gulley ~- day Dylan look at he watch . 4:02 . 64 . lily show up . he 's grow use to she visit . lily hey Dylan . dylan hey . lily here -— ~ she give he a sandwich . dylan thanks . lily I hear you may not be stay here much longer . dylan seriously ? lily yeah , I mean , it 's expensive and ... I hear there 's some money stuff . Dylan instinctively brighten . dylan we be go home ? wow ! lily wilt at he excitement over leave . he do not notice she disappointment . lily yeah , but if you still want to be friend , I ' 11 still be you friend . I mean , you know , there 's car and all . dylan of course . be you for real with this ? she nod quietly . dylan ( cont ’d ) this be fantastic ! her face fall further . lily hey , listen , I gotta go . do not tell anybody what I hear , okay ? 65 . dylan sure . hey , take care ... you do not have to ... uh , leave so fast . he have no idea he 's hurt she so much . int . car -- day Benjamin return . he pass lily 's message - sign in the jaguar window . it read : food have not arrive due to rain . ext . zoo -- day Benjamin exit the car . Robin meet he immediately . robin you nve be summon to the jaguar . benjamin I hear , the food delivery . robin no. Rhonda the Secretary be leave for a job in Mexico . she 's 's turn everybody against you . she gay you have no money . she say you be a fraud . int . jaguar restaurant -- night the inquisition . everybody be here , and stare at Benjamin with yearn eye . Benjamin take a look at he notepad , and then put it away . he decide to speak from he heart . and here he find he own voice ... with people . benjamin well . I want to say that it have be a amazing experience here . and each one of you , I have come to know in some small way -~- shot of there face prepare for the news . arm cross . each one powerfully invest in he every word . benjamin ( cont ‘d ) but the financial climate be what it be , I think no one think this be ... I do not know how to say this ... but ... ( more ) 66 . benjamin ( cont ’d I nve be a adventure addict my whole life , without a big regard for cost , basically I be just a observer , and a writer . but this be my first rea ] adventure ... shot of there face where 's this go ? benjamin ( cont 'd ) and I just want to say that ... this have be the best one of all because it 's personal . and thanks to my wife Katherine , the money come in -~ so I do not know what you have hear . but I be able to say ... though I do not have a lot , I have enough toe get we by . and if you stick with I , I will give this everything , but I will need everything from you , and we be go to re-open this zoo . it 's the best job in the world but it will take everything to make it work . there face shock . Rhonda have tell they all he be go to bail out . kelly well , that 's good enough for I . they all clap ... except for Rhonda . benjamin and I wish you well in Mexico , Rhonda . adios . ext . zoo -- day Music . the level of this zookeeper 's game have be raise , if possible , even higher . there be new inspiration . Ellis continue expand buster 's enclosure . Kelly haul meat in a bucket . Robin replace the fencing . Benjamin do business in he home office . he look at a bill Robin have just deliver . benjamin eight hundred dollar for a sewage drain in the bear enclosure ? 67 . robin buster be a big bear , Benjamin . he generate ... propel , really ... a enormous amount of waste ... the girth alone ... Benjamin consult he list . benjamin ninterrupt ) okay , so we have do all the first priority . let 's do the new lighting in the tiger 's night enclosure ... ext . backyard ~~ day bylan look at he watch . it 's 4:15 . no lily . he 's disappointed . int . TIGER enclosure -- day in he nighttime area , spar doze . the light flicker over he . Benjamin work behind a protective wall , reach over and unscrew the bulb . benjamin I all take care of this , buddy . spar look at he , blink like he 's listen . benjamin ( cont 'd ) you like the new straw we get you ? you know , alfalfa provide more insulation . I know this because ive be online , keep up with the -- ( as he unscrew ) ~- wildcat insulation community where alfalfa be a very sexy topic my friend . spar blink . benjamin ( cont ’d ) alright , I have the wrong bulb here , I will have to go to Home Depot and get you a new one . eighteen mile , baby . I nve get it down to two song , each way . he turn , see Kelly lock at he . 68 . kelly you get the part where they do not talk , right ? Benjamin smile . benjamin he talk . int . home depot -— day Benjamin pick out the proper small fluorescent fixture , socket and bulb . rosie be pick item up from the opposite aisle . both shopping . rosie Nice one , dad . you pick good bulb . benjamin thanks rosie . anything else we need while we be over here in the land of people ? rosie nope , I be good . she see a group of city kid , just about she age , wander by , look prematurely mature . Benjamin hurry she along . rosie ( cont ’d ) how come you do not tell storey anymore ? benjamin because we nre live the story . rosie I wish we could teil Mom . benjamin you do not think she know ? rosib I know she know ... int . register ~~ day Benjamin and rosie lean across the counter in the same fashion . the spritely cashier move into shot . cashier 74 dollar and 36 cent . Benjamin shake he head . 69 . cashier ( cont ’d ) I do not come up with the price . Benjamin nod , of course . he hand over a much -use credit card to the cashier , who look at it curiously . benjamin it 's a little wear . cashier no , it 's just ... it say rosemoor Animal Park .. benjamin that 's the one . cashier you work there ? benjamin ido . and I also own it . strange but true . rosie ( love say it ) we buy a zoo ! cashier I love that place . we use to go there all the time . be it go to open again soon ? we miss that freakin ' zoo . benjamin seriously ? cashier no , I be busting you ball for fun . of course I be serious . Benjamin break into a big smile . benjamin we nre close . Planning to open the beginning of this summer . cashier well , then , we will be there . Reserve I nine ticket , we ' 1ll bring my in - law , maybe feed a couple of ‘em to the tiger . benjamin well , that 's ... that 's just great . thank you . thank you very much . 70 . he pump the cashier 's hand , very pleased , and move on with a bounce in he step . cashier mister , you bulb . he return for the bag . excitedly . benjamin thank you . thank you . int . TIGER enclosure -- day Benjamin put up the new light fixture , in good spirit . benjamin you want to hear something crazy ? we see he 's talk to ... spar . benjamin ( cont 'd ) I think we be go to be okay , buddy . spar seem especially lackadaisical . Benjamin look down and notice that spar 's food sit uneaten in a corner of the enclosure . benjamin ( cont 'd ) ( concerned ) come on , man , we talk about this . you gotta eat all the food to get all you med . he lean in closer . spar look at he . benjamin ( cont 's i ) there be a major buzz wait for you inside that meat . I be tell you . that 's gonna jack you up . you neurotransmitters will be send signal to the moon and back . you be gonna be dating 7 year old , man . you be gonna have housecat line up from here to El cajon . spar roll over . bore and old . Benjamin be concerned . benjamin ( cont 'd ) buddy . if you do not eat the food and do not get the med , it can all go downhill fast , I be tell you . next thing you know '' they '' will be say -- ( imitation ) ( more ) 71 . benjamin ( cont 'd ) ~-- '' we do not know what else we can do for you '' -- spar make a disinterested noise . benjamin ( cont 'd ) we have make it this far . we be almost there . you gotta stick with I , okay ? you gotta . we have get open day come up . he turn . see that Kelly be at the other side of the enclosure , behind he , listen to everything . he move past she . ext . TIGER enclosure -- day Kelly follow . Benjamin anticipate the subject -~- spar. benjamin he 's okay , he 's fine ! kelly Benjamin , that 's not what 's happen here . benjamin what 's happen be we have actually start to fix this place . we be gonna ace the next inspection , and be go to open rosemoor on t . kelly you be hurt that animal . she be beyond passionate . this be she world . she 's . emotional . he ignore she . she rush to catch up to he . kelly ( cont 'd ) you can fix this place up all you want , but it will not bring Katherine back . he stop . she stop . oops . the wrong topic and the wrong time . he turn . she 's still mortify . benjamin this be not about Katherine . 72 . kelly how would I know ? you never talk about she . benjamin and for you information , I have make my peace with lose she . kelly really ? he pause . she have truly , truly go too far . benjamin ( immediately ) end of the personal stuff ! kelly ( just as immediate ) make I happy . they exit in opposite direction . int . benjamin' kitchen -- late night the kid be asleep . finally , Benjamin sit alone at the kitchen table . he 's wear glass . his laptop be in front of he , close . he flip it open . he open I - photo . scroll down to the file mark -- K. each move he make come with deliberation . as if each step be a milestone . he highlight the file . a page of thumbnail photo come up . he stare at it . the effect be the opposite of uplift . Benjamin shut the laptop but continue stare at the place where the photo be a moment earlier . int . kitchen -- morning the microwave breakfast be ready . benjamin rosie !! time to go !!! onothe ) where be she ? dylan no clue . benjamin thanks . helpful . 73. ext . front yard -- morning a thicket of peacock with they fan up . they scatter at the noise of Benjamin on the porch , revealing rosie . benjamin rosie , come on ! I depend on you to be dependable ! rosie dad , look . one of the peahen be calmly perch on the ground . rosie ( cont ’d ) it 's Lucy . she laid she egg . benjamin great . in the middle of the driveway . it 's go to get eat by a wolf or a dog in three minute flat . rosie , we have to go . rosie {upset ) but you will not let anyone eat the egg , will you ? it 's not she fault she 's not smart . benjamin honey , she 's very smart . she pick you as she friend . but we_ must evacuate . rosie if we do not help she , then I be not go to school . benjamin rosie — — rosie wo not . go. rosie cross she arm , stand firm . benjamin look , daddy have a _ lot go on right now . kind of a tsunami of «+. big-people stuff . okay ? you want I to stop everything , buy a fence and put it around some zoologically insignificant peafowl ? rosie yes I do . 74 . they regard each other . benjamin good idea . you be not go to school today . Dylan have be listen in . dylan you would never do that for I . benjamin you be not go to school today either , young man . we be go to spend this day together . we be gonna build a fence . dylan ( new respect ) yes sir . Dylan lock around for lily . nowhere in sight . that never use to be the case . ext . driveway -- day they build a fence around the peahen . Music . ext . TIGER enclosure ~- day Benjamin and Kelly check out the Tiger enclosure . they be brisk and professional with each other . nothing personal , all about the animal . lily be nearby . they see that spar have climb onto the tallest ledge overlook the enclosure . it 's a thin slab of rock , and spar be perch on it , panting . kelly he get up there and now he can not get down . benjamin do not we have a animal ladder ? kelly ( dismissive ) we have try luring he with food but he will not move . he 's stick . she turn , the echoe of they fight still in the air . benjamin just give he a second . he ' will be okay . 75 . kelly ( anguish ) he need to come down and eat , he need that medication and he have not have any water all day . plus , he 's broiling out there . we need to get he into he enclosure -- she 's start to unravel . Benjamin walk to the gate of the enclosure . he arrive at the gate . he indicate he 's go inside . benjamin be the other two cat inside ? kelly Benjamin -- be serious . benjamin if he move to attack I , at least he will be move . ( off she look ) what ? I 'o run . he 's slow . kelly it 's not a bullfight , Benjamin . spar try to move . he 's struggle . Robin arrive . robin guy . I think it 's time . benjamin for what ? robin he 's ready . let ' 's call the vet . you be the owner , you have to okay it , man . benjamin no . they look at he . benjamin ( cont ’d ) it do not feel right . kelly Benjamin . it never feel right . Kelly turn suddenly , as Ellis now arrive at the enclosure . kelly ( cont 'd ) what have not we think of ? 76 . lily speak up . lily loud noise scare the big cat . maybe we can scare he into go back in . benjamin hold on -— - Kelly ignore he , turn to the assemble staff . kelly okay , good idea . when I give you the signal , you be all go to make as much noise as possible . it 's we only option . yell , scream , the more hysterical the better . spar will hate it , but maybe he ' 1l come down . ext . TIGER enclosure -—- day -- minute later Kelly raise she arm like a conductor . and lower it . suddenly , they be all yelling , and screeching at spar . Ellis be shouting angry epithet . Benjamin be reluctant , but join in . camera move across they angry shouting face . they truly look dement . spar be annoyed . he raise he head . the yell continue . spar be upset by the din . Benjamin be yell as loud as any of they . spar 's tail twitches , ear flatten ... and a miracle happen . he rise to he foot and slowly , painfully , step down the rise towards he enclosure , trip the door that shut behind he . instantly relieved , exhaust and red-face , everybody stop yell . except for one . Benjamin . he can not stop . they stare at he . he stop . embarrass , he move away . ext . path nearby -- day Kelly find Benjamin . kelly ben. jamin. 77. benjamin look -- I be feel a real lack of privacy right now . like we be all just a little bit in each other 's pocket . she ignore he personal issue . kelly can not you see he leg ? spar 's suffer . I can not stand the pain . I know he . he say nothing . kelly ( cont ’d ) they can not tell you . they can not tell you . they show you . he say nothing . kelly ( cont ’d ) it 's go to happen . benjamin I think he be get better . why not let he live ? she keep repeat it , like a mantra : kelly it 's go to happen . benjamin this be not about spar , this be about you . I be more concerned about you ! kelly it 's go to happen . benjamin you be too emotionally invest in this . kelly of course ii '' invest ! I have be with he 13 year . you know how it 's go to end . can you see how selfish this be ? you be too smart not to . she look at he . benjamin why not let he live a few week longer ? 78 . kelly I quit . I quit . she storm off . ext . driveway / home -- late afternoon rosie sit next to Lucy , who perches on she egg . Lucy look at rosie . rosie look at Lucy . they have be do this for a long time . Kelly arrive . you dad around ? rosie he say he be go to think . he do that sometimes . nearby , Dylan be on the porch , sketch - pad in hand , do some drawing of the nighttime sky . kelly you make dinner ? dylan ( bum ) no. kelly why do not you let I help you ? I will order some pizza . dylan that 's okay . dad all be back . he 's just have a mood . kelly how long do he mood last ? dylan ( still draw ) couple year . int . kitchen -- night they eat pizza together . still no Benjamin . rosie take the plate inside . kelly do you miss lily ? dylan ( embarrassed ) me. no . not too much . 79 . kelly I bet you put all you feeling into you drawing . dylan naw . not really . I ess I can not talk to girl that weil . kelly it 's pretty easy , Dylan . they 'il tell you everything . the secret to talk -- she lean forward . kelly ( cont ’d ) -- be listen . dylan yeah , well , she do not talk to I anymore . rosie return . ext . house -- later night from outside the window , we see Kelly herding the kid upstairs , to bed . ext . porch -- later night Kelly be alone now . she sit out on the porch . Leon at she foot . we hear a car door slan . Benjamin walk up the step and sit next to she . there be a oddly comfortable silence , as if they have spend the entire day together . they listen to the sound of the Zoo . benjamin I think when I come out here , it would stop . she look at he . listen . benjamin ( cont 'd ) back home , every place remind I of she . filippi 's on 3rd Street by the water . Neal 's coffee shop. balboa Park . that 's a big one . he tap she arm . 80. benjamin ( cont 'd ) the way the air smell in May and August , when she favorite bush grow flower all over we neighborhood . they nre triggers , man . int . dylan 's room -- later night Dylan hear the sound of voice on the porch , ext . porch -- later night Benjamin continue . Kelly listen , afraid to even move . she love this side of he . benjamin I be look at Katherine 's death certificate and I could not make out a word next to my name , and then I be tell it be '' widower , '' a new word . now it 's a whole new thing . she be so level -headed —- she be instrumental in every financial decision . she be irreplaceable in so many way . and for a while , it be better , it be . but the funny thing be , it turn out she 's here too . I go to Home Depot , or the target - nine - mile - away , seriously , I be avoid half the aisle . pasta , condiment , pastry -- she love blueber : pop - tart , well who do not , but this girl could eat eight dessert and not gain a pound , or bat a eye . I turn on the radio , sad song , happy song , any song , they be all she ... the other night , I pick up the list of we favorite channel number , she handwrite destroy I . it use to be by we bed . it 's stiil by my bed . the number be not even eal . I can not let go . and why should I ? Kelly nod . this be she revelation several night ago . she listen , and he continue . benjamin ( cont ’d ) coffee be no good either . I meet she in a coffee shop , it 's a silly story , but I think about it all the time . the first thing she say . I sort of live by it . 81 . kelly tell I . benjamin I do not want to . I no have to use the past tense . and by the way , let 's not mention french food . anything french , she favorite . french people , french accent , french toast , France itself , french fries , french 's mustard ... we dish , we book , we clock , the couch where she nap , the chair where she ... stop live . Kelly listen , still not move . she 's alternately charme and horrify at she lack of a chance with this guy . benjamin ( cont 'd ) and most of all , the kid . rosie , the little dance she do when she eat something she like or -- behind they , a light go on , a window open . neither notice . benjamin ( cont 'd ) -~ or Dylan , he eye , I have only see that shade of green on one person before . and the way he drive I nut , make I crazy , deny I , frustrate I , look back at I with she green eye and none of she lightness . she listen . benjamin ( cont ’d ) what I figure out be that when you love someone that much , that hard , for that long , you can not get away from they no matter where you go . and why should you ? beat . benjamin ( cont ‘d ) half the time I feel like I '' run across the sahara , in lead shoe , with a plastic bag over my head . I can not get a ... he joke . benjamin ( cont ’d ) '' handle on it . '' 82 . kelly you be scare I . benjamin I be the best version of I because she love I . and now , without she , I wake up every day and think '' now I gotta fool everybody into think I know what I be do for another day . '' and Dylan , that little hardass -- he see right through I . he look at Kelly . there be power in he realization , and in she listen to he . benjamin ( cont ’d ) I can not let qo . beat . Kelly pat he knee . she sigh . she have no chance . he 'il belong to Katherine forever . kelly i can . she smile , bittersweetly , rise to exit . gave it she best . upstair , a door slam . int . hallway ~ later night Benjamin go to check , find Dylan defiant in the hallway . dylan I get it now , okay ? I get why you ea not stand I ! Benjamin try to herd Dylan , and the '' problem '' back into he room . he immediately dismiss the content of Dylan 's word and it piss he off more . benjamin okay -- alright -- dylan ( will not budge ) no ! at least now I know the real reason you hate I . I hear you admit it to she . like you be talk about corn flake ... you hate I . he catch Benjamin 's full attention . 83. benjamin hate you ? come on , you be a good kid . you have make mistake , we have make mistake , we be work through ‘em . I do not blame you for anything . dylan that be bullshit . admit it . you wish I be not here . with my '' green '' eye . I hear you ! benjamin ( embarrassed ) you mis-heard I . dylan I be sick of it here . can not you see ? benjamin well , thank you for tell I that again . i’1l pack we up and we ’1lil go roam around some more . we 'il be hobo together ! dylan because yo waste we money . some of that belong to I . benjamin {raw ) I think you like it here ! I be sorry . I be sorry you friend do not visit you more , myself . and I be sorry , I think you be friend with lily . I think , I think , I think . I think you like I . I think it be a dream come true . dylan it 's you dream ! you can not force a dream on somebody else ! benjamin ( just piss ) yes I can . because I be you father and I be the only one you have get . the line of people who really care about you in this world ... end . dylan ( simply ) you never ask I how I be do . you never even teach I to shave . 84 . Dylan slam into he room . benjamin ( so grateful for the information ) you want to know how to shave ? I would love to teach you to shave ... but Dylan have lock the door . int . office -- morning Benjamin sit at he desk , in the quiet . the place be clean and orderly now and somehow feel very ty . he be still paralyze by last night 's event . the weight of this whole endeavor show on he . ext . driveway -- morning Benjamin watch as Duncan 's BMW arrive . Duncan step out of he car . he pull off a great pair of shade . he be a man with a mission . ext . zoo -- day Benjamin walk with he brother , past the tiger . benjamin —- so when a tiger bite you , he actually take you pulse , through he -- duncan ( uncomfortable ) and this stuff do not creep you out ? like when a bear escape ? benjamin {hands in pocket ) you get use to it , Duncan . duncan listen , benjie , I come out here because —- just then there be a sudden rustling . the sound of something move through brush . Duncan jump , put he hand out , karate -style , prepare for combat defense . Benjamin turn to see what 's make the sound ... ++. a crinkly plastic bag , tumble its way up the path . Duncan wilt , embarrassed . 85 . duncan ( cont ’d ) shut up . benjamin be you kid ? that be classic . I have some Ziploc bag at home that could use a good ass-kick . duncan . I never want to hear about this again . ext . near flamingo enclosure -- day they walk together . duncan ( a pronouncement ) T have arrive with a idea . benjamin uh oh . duncan listen man . I get it . I really do . I get the whole escape thing , I get the whole spiritual thing like -- '' we be all in cage man , '' -- and I get the aesthetic . I like the moat . I think it 's a big , kicky thing you get into . benjamin thank you . duncan but you be insane . benjamin thank you . id importal L broth and more rtantly , my brother , you be waste ... thousand and of dollar out here . TI Love you , but you have a big blind spot . you like a adventure , but Katherine know this about money . money be like air . you do not know how much you need it , until it 's go . benjamin this be where I be go to put the giraffe , by the way . I want to go over my five - year plan with you . 86 . duncan ( carefully ) bro. there 's 's no five - year plan . there 's no five - week plan . you be get kill out here . you be get maim . now . I have hear from the previous owner 's lawyer . benjamin about what — — duncan they be willing to make you a offer to buy the place back . at pretty close to what you pay . this be ... a miracle . Benjamin nod . he 's ahead of this . benjamin so I come in , bankrupt the place , and they can resell without the staff and the zoo . duncan I would not say it be the plan then ... but it 's the plan now . benjamin Duncan . you give the previous owner 's lawyer a message from I . tell they we be open September 25th . ticket be 9 dollar apiece . I nve get a sick siberian Tiger to feed . duncan good . I ' 11 tell he you will think about it . int . TIGER enclosure -- day spar , the elderly tiger , be lie on the floor , eye shut , very still . Benjamin and Kelly look on . benjamin I nil call the vet in San Diego , and see if he can start a different medication -- kelly Benjamin -- benjamin -- we do not know . there might be something else we have not try . 87 . Kelly shift uncomfortably . kelly you know how I feel . she look at he a moment . then exit . Benjamin look at spar , who look back at he . the same expression . both take a long breath . Benjamin sit down on the concrete floor . benjamin what do you think , huh spar ? what do we do now , bud ? they look at each other . a silent communication between the two . volume be speak by this old Tiger whose body have let he down . he 's just ... plain ... tired . spar talk , alright . and suddenly Benjamin be aware of somebody else in the enclosure . he turn , expect Kelly . it 's Dylan . Dylan say nothing , either . he sit down on the concrete floor , next to Benjamin . for a moment they just sit there , lean against the wall , look at spar , whose body rise and fall softly with he breath . this be the big cat 's final mile . dylan you do you best , dad . he know that . Benjamin nod . benjamin what happen with lily ? dylan I do not know . I guess I do not listen to something she tell I , or something . I like she . benjamin I like when you talk . dylan ( truthful beat ) I never know what to say to you . benjamin I be the same way . maybe we should just tell each other what we wish the other guy would say -~- 88 . dylan '' I be sor : I bring you out here to the stick . '' Benjamin nod . he turn to Dylan . benjamin '' you be a great dad . '' beat . they both laugh . it 's be awhile . spar sigh contentedly . Benjamin sit quietly with he son , and a very old siberian Tiger . Three generation of man , all at the crossroad . ext . TIGER enclosure ~- day Kelly wait outside , pace . Benjamin and Dylan walk out of the tiger enclosure . '' Benjamin nod to Kelly . kelly you be sure ~~ benjamin yeah . she nod . proud of he . okay . Dylan turn to Benjamin . dylan come on , dad . let 's go home . Benjamin nod . he walk back to the house , he arm around he son . Benjamin take one last look back . a goodbye gesture . he wrap he arm around he son , tighter as they trudge up the hill . Dylan 's theme . int . rosie ‘s room ~~ night Benjamin put rosie to bed . he lie down on the bed beside she for a moment . and notice something . there 's room beside rosie now . benjamin wait a minute . what happen to —- rosie I put my stuff animal in the closet last night . benjamin you do . huh . rosie they be not real you know . 89 . benjamin rosie . that animal be more real than a lot of people I know . a beat . they just lie there . rosie I think Mom would have really like it here , you know that ? benjamin think so ? rosie know 50 . int . dylan 's room -- night Dylan be asleep . Benjamin tuck he in . his attention be draw to a piece of artwork on Dylan 's desk . it 's a beautiful , finely wringht draw of spar . we hear a noise . click click click ... int . kitchen --~ late night we come upon Benjamin , glass on , sit at he laptop , tuck into the corner of the kitchen , click click click . he 's roam through he file of photo of Katherine and the family ... when the four be together ... one photo after another ... and we see flash of the live-action second before and after the photo be take , mix in with the still ... Katherine 's face be always obscure in what we have see of she in we movie ... but we see it all on Benjamin 's face , and in he glass . the memory , the sadness , the loss , but most of all the unutterable joy of have share a life with this person . we hear Katherine 's theme . ext . zoo ~-— day he walk through the zoo , on he cell - phone , feel assure . benjamin thank he , but it 's a no . intercut : int . duncan' home -~ day Duncan on he porch . writhing in pain at this conversation . 90 . duncan mistake . benjamin we nre go to make it , Duncan . I know we will . it 's destiny . duncan benjie , this be a misfire . okay ? you have mortgage everything , spend all you cash , even Katherine 's bail - out money . if you do not pass this inspection , do not open on time , you ’‘re do . this be all in , man . this be what they tell you never to do . you spend all you own money . you ‘’re destroy yourself and you family . benjamin if I turn back now , I be just another bulishitter . duncan no , you be a smart guy who examine he option . benjamin every success have a moment like this . duncan you have have nothing but moment like this ! benjamin disc full . I be hang up . duncan when 's the inspection ? benjamin Three day . Duncan moan . benjamin ( cont ’d ) hanging up on you moan ! and he do . ext . zoo -- day Benjamin find Kelly . she 's hold a piece of paper , sigh . 91 . kelly we can not do all of this before the inspection . we need more help . lot of it . benjamin I know . it 's undoable ... until we do it . he point to the middle - distance behind he . she turn , follow he gaze . a small group walk up the driveway , we see a couple of towny from the jaguar , the cashier from Home Depot , and even a few mom and dad from Dylan 's school . volunteer come to help . benjamin ( cont 'd ) I make some call . it 's they zoo too . Kelly greet the group , gratefully . kelly hey guy ! let 's get to work ! shot as everyone get to work on the zoo . 1 ) path be be sweep . 2 ) screen replace . 3 ) a_new drain be install . the top be pop . Three people recoil at the smell . 4 ) enclosure be clean . 5 ) Ellis install a p.a. system . 6 ) Dylan pulis a wheelbarrow across frame . int . Z00 office -- next day fever activity have sproute in all area of the house . Dylan pass . Benjamin catch up to he . benjamin Dylan , come here . need you to look at this -- dylan sure -- 92 . benjamin I print this poster out , and I be wonder if you would give it a once - over , with you artist 's eye . dylan {slightly confuse ) oh. okay . sure . Benjamin unfurl the poster . under the banner read rosemoor Animal Park be ... lan 's draw of spar . Dylan look at it for a moment , then look over at Benjamin . benjamin not bad , huh ? dylan where be you put this ? benjamin basically -- everywhere . Dylan stare at the poster , move . rosie come over , wave she arm and yell for she dad . ext . zoo -- day the peahen 's egg be be peck at with tiny beak . rosie hover nearby . they watch as the baby peacock poke they head out . Benjamin put he arm around rosie , who be enthralled , as they continue watch . there be noise , and Benjamin turn to see ... Duncan 's BMW , nose up the driveway . Benjamin shake he head as Duncan park and exit . he call out to he . benjamin get I the trang gun ! my brother ea not take '' no '' for a answer ! duncan not why I be here , bro . I call Ellis , and ask if you guy need any help . Duncan point back to he car . duncan ( cont ' D ) I have get a trunkful of haddock from the city . 200 pound worth . for bruno. 93 . benjamin ( blow away ) buster . be you serious ? duncan no -- serious be the smell in my car . Jesus , and I think McDonald 's fries leave a smell . I start question my entire be about twenty mile ago . help I , benjie . I be about to be sick from the smell . Benjamin , amaze , feel a wave of emotion . this explosion of life . everything inching into sharper focus . rosie see the feeling on Benjamin 's face . rosie do not turn on the tear , daddy ! duncan come on , brother , we have get a inspection tomorrow . benjamin ( pronouncement ) and so we do . ext . zoo -- late afternoon as the sun set , we see the staff , the ople from the town , Benjamin , Kelly , Duncan and the kid , all hard at work . Dylan look at he watch . 4:15 . lily drive by on a cart . his hope rise . she pass without look he way . dissolve to : the SUN , rising over the zoo Solomon the lion roar . the sound ricochet throughout the valley . ext . TIGER enclosure -- day just outside the Tiger enclosure , we see Benjamin nail a small plaque to the wall . he step back and we see it feature spar 's picture , name , and the date of he birth and ... death . benjamin look good , buddy . you in you prime . you would have do the same for I . 94 . Benjamin stand a moment , smile and exit . wide shot -~- the rosemoor animal park it 's no longer the ramshackle place it once be . it 's sprawling and organize , soulfully design and clean , with straight post and tidy pathway , excited Zookeeper and content animal . ext . front of zoo -- day they raise the new sign for the front of the zoo . ext . driveway -- day everyone have line up . Benjamin , rosie , Dylan , Kelly , Robin , and , pay little attention to Dylan , the never-more - beautiful lily . all smartly dress . Ellis even wear a red tie and a great suit , along with he beanie . he look strangely serene . ( he 's be drink all night . ) wait . finally , Duncan join they , walk over wear the newest pair of boot we have ever see . Benjamin notice , amused . benjamin ( to Ellis ) do I look like that -- Ellis nod ruefully . ellis worse . benjamin wow . that 's humiliate . Benjamin shake he head , hand out a schedule to everyone . benjamin ( cont 'd ) okay . make sure all you walky be off . I do not want to hear about any problem . I have to keep mine on , or he 'il be suspicious , but frankly , if you have a problem , I do not wanna know about it until walter ferris be go . get it ? ( they do ) here we go , and here 's to we . the USDA Van pull up the driveway . ferris exit with pomp and circumstance , and a new blue clipboard . Music . benjamin ( cont ’d ) welcome back to the rosemoor Animal Park adventure . 95 . ferris it 's a adventure now ? benjamin to be precise , Mr. ferris ... it always be . a move look among the staffer . the Benjamin era be on . ferris move to Ellis . ferris hello Ellis . how be you ? Ellis say nothing . simply nod . ' the very minimum of decency and manners . they exchange a strong handshake . they enjoy dislike each other . ellis on my best behavior ... ext . zoo walkway -- day ferris and Benjamin walk through the zoo , trail by Dylan and rosie who watch at a distance . they pass the monkey . benjamin as you can see , most of the enclosure have be completely be - do . all the lock be replace ... they pass a cluster of peacock . rosie beam as Lucy nudge she baby peacock . ferris stop . his stomach growl loudly . several look at each other . ferris be there more now ? benjamin one of we peahen recently hatched a brood -- ferris ( interrupt ) it should remind you that the peafowl be not edify from a zoological standpoint —- benjamin they may just be nice- look pigeon , but we like ‘em . they be stay . they be we mascot . I would not care if we have to move a few into the house . ferris make a judgmental note in he notepad . 96 . benjamin ( cont ’d ) May I show you the expand bear enclosure ? ext . lion enclosure -- day Kelly be put the finish touch on the exhibit . she reach over to double - check the lock . and that 's when she realize , it 's stick in the open position . her eye widen . she stand in front of the enclosure . Solomon be perch on he rock . he look over , and as if sense Kelly 's panic , and widen he eye . Kelly cover with a smile . kelly yikes . she pick up she walkie-talkie , and press talk . kelly ( cont 'd ) ( overly polite ) hi Ellis , how be you ? ext . bear enclosure -~- day Benjamin and ferris be leave the bear enclosure , as he hear the walkie-talkie crackle with Kelly 's voice . kelly ( 0.s. ) Ellis , I would just love it if you could pay I a visit near Solomon 's enclosure . ferris perk up . ferris be there a problem ? Benjamin scramble for a explanation . benjamin sound like love to I . ( privately ) you know how it happen sometimes , work closely together ... ferris narrow he eye . he sniff a problem . ferris let 's go see Solomon 's enclosure . 97 . ext . lion enclosure ~- day Kelly be still stand in front of the enclosure , madly try to jiggle the lock to fix it . a beat . Kelly hear the low rumble of a growl . she look up , into the eye of Solomon , now aware that Kelly be concerned . kelly hello , fella . Solomon look at she , steady . just then Ellis come run at full speed down the hill towards Kelly . kelly ( cont 'd ) oh thank God . I ask you so politely I be not sure you would come . ellis be you kid ? that 's why I come . you be never that nice , I know something be up . what 's wrong ? kelly lock 's break . and the only thing we can do ... oh God ... be jimmy it from the inside . ellis alright . okay . we will just get he into he nighttime hold pen . kelly that would take at least a half - hour , I no have to go get food , it would be a whole ordeal ... ext . zoo — — day ferris and company be stride toward the lion enclosure . ext . lion enclosure -~ day Ellis and Kelly brainstorm , talk over each other . ext . zoo -- day Benjamin instinctively stop ferris . benjamin do you want something to drink ? 98 . ferris no . I do not drink . he start to move . Benjamin stop he again . benjamin not even water ? ferris do you have any idea what they put in water ? ferris continue walk , suspicious of everything ... ext . lion enclosure ~~ day Kelly be lean she whole body over the enclosure , try to draw Solomon to she . meanwhile over at the enclosure door , Ellis , hold a hammer , take a deep breath , and hop the fence . Kelly watch . dear Lord . hear my prayer . ext . zoo -- day they stride closer . ext . lion enclosure -- day Ellis use he hammer to try and get the lock to drop , but it 's freeze . bang ! bang ! bang ! he hit he thumb . ellis sheep fart ... in aspic ... cocktail ... argggghi1 !! Solomon be now trot he way . Ellis face the animal . ellis ( cont ’d ) hey Boy . you do not want I . I be pickle in scotch and bitterness and impure thought . Solomon lick he chop . ellis ( cont 'd ) so that 's you thing . Kelly stifles a scream . Ellis turn away from the beast and continue he work , fast and assure . Solomon still consider the old man as appetizer . he then yawn , and trot the other way . Ellis hop over the fence and slam the door ... re-align the lock , which pop cleanly into place . 99 . ext . zoo -~ day ferris sweep up to the front of the enclosure , Benjamin closely behind . Benjamin look at Ellis and Kelly , slightly sweaty and glow with false nonchalance . they smile guiltily . ferris examine both of they , very suspiciously and then back at Benjamin . benjamin afternoon Solomon ! Solomon 's tail swishes on cue , as if he be in on all of it . ext . porch ~- day near the driveway , lock somber , ferris fill out the last page and sign the report . behind Benjamin , we find Kelly , Robin , Ellis , lily , Duncan , rosie and Dylan all wait . ferris I do not think it will be a success . he rip the sheet from he clipboard , hand it to Benjamin . ferris ( cont ’d ) but good luck . Benjamin study the paper , and then ... grin . he hold it up high in the air , victorious . a cheer go up . benjamin I want you here on open day . ferris look resolute . ferris I do not fraternize , Mr. mee . I '' sure I ' 1l get many report . they continue cheer . ferris 's stomach growl . he shake he head . he just do not get this place . he exit . the sky a gray cloud move across the sunlit afternoon . int . jaguar restaurant -- day a impromptu celebration have break out . lily be mixing on a laptop , Ellis dance , everyone together . Duncan find Benjamin look out the window . 100 . duncan I have get guy plaster we poster up every place within a 20 mile radius . Benjamin nod to himself . duncan ( cont 'd ) also I check and we website be not get enough hit . I call in some favor , we be link to every other zoo- or—animal - site within a hundred - and -fifty mile . benjamin I wish Katherine be here . you know ? to see this . duncan I wish she be here to do this . benjamin she be the doer . I be the dreamer . Duncan nod thoughtfully , a drink in hand . truer word . duncan I '' go to say it one more time . I like the animal ... but I love the human . benjamin dunc . what if they do not come ? what if this have all be for no reason ? duncan what , do somebody just come in and hit you with the '' pussy '' stick ? gimme a break ... you come this far . ( a pronouncement ) repeal you pussification this instant ! benjamin ( enjoy Duncan ) I my pussification ! duncan they will be here . come on , you have work so hard . the place be great . benjamin it be , great , be not it ? 101 . duncan when you do something for the right reason , nothing can stop you . we hear a thundercrack . ext . zoo -~ day rain pound the zoo , drench the place . ext . walkway -- late afternoon Dylan be walk up the driveway with the mail . he pause , draw on a envelope . he pass the jaguar , and only because he pause to adjust he wet sock inside he shoe , do he see ... : lily 's message window and it read : if you love I , let I know . push in on dylan whose heart be beat through he chest . he look around . suddenly , the whole place ... everything ... feel exactly like where he belong . here . int . lily room -~ night Dylan race to she window . she see he and scream , and then stifles it . lily hi. dylan hey . she pull up she window . dylan ( cont 'd ) be i_ just nut to say that I miss you like crazy a lot ? a lot . she shake she head , no . ' two young romantics stare at each other . one dry , and one in the rain . lily stifles tear . dylan ( cont 'd ) plus -- I be not name after Bob Dylan . I be name after a dog name Dylan . 102 . she laugh . lily sorry about the rain . he spread he arm . his voice crack with adolescence , but he get through it just fine : dylan I love it . I love you sign . I love you . on television a drench regional anchor wear a yellow raincoat . anchor ~~ the precipitation tonight be just a hint of what 's come . this summer , betsy , have be the wettest summer in 100 year . int . benjamin meens home -- night the sky outside be dark . Benjamin stand alone in he live room , a silhouette watch the weather Channel . quick cut 1 ) rain pound the zoo . 2 ) Zoo poster on telephone pole and kiosk , drench . 3 ) _ the two remain tiger hide from the downpour under the enclosure overhang . 4 Benjamin , rosie and Dylan ... even Leon look out the window at the angry sky . no end in sight . 5 ) ronnie the unfortunate- look tapir shiver in the rain . ext . mee house roof -~ rainy night —- later lily and Dylan be on the roof , under a window awning , just inside the rain . just the quiet sound of night , only rain , and the sound of not~ so- distant animal . they know they should be kissing . it 's awkward . dylan I would kiss you but it would be such a cliché . lily smile contentedly . 103. int . office -— night Benjamin sit in he office , go over paperwork . Ellis at the door . ellis you give it everything . I just want you to know that . benjamin thanks Ellis . ellis sorry about the rain . benjamin Revenue come from the summer . we pick the wrong time to open . ellis you be a success as a person , Benjamin . be not that the whole ballgame ? be not that the whole purpose ? you reach down deep , where it 's ugly and beautiful and you do not always win . Benjamin nod thanks . benjamin I appreciate you not attack or kill walter ferris . ellis it have not be easy . I really , really dislike he . he shut down this zoo , and steal 500 dollar from I in the 1980' . I hate he , you know ~- Benjamin laugh to himself . it 's know . benjamin fry to keep a lid on it Ellis . ellis -~ but I have a soft spot for you . and I know you be just pass through , but you be a good man to you family . you make that little giri of yours happy . 104 . int . benjamin' bedroom -- morning Benjamin 's alarm clock go off . he sit up . he do not hear anything . he get out of bed and walk to the window a b.ue int . dylan 's room -- morning Dylan fly out of bed . he run over to the window and pull over he curtain and see ... it 's a gorgeous sunny day . he let out a happy yell . ext . benjamin' home -- day a view of the whole house and the zoo . the sky be more than clear . it 's that particular crystal clear blue that come after a heavy rain . we see Benjamin in the window . smiling . int . house ~~ day Benjamin be finish get dress when rosie look in . she 's pick out a special dress for the occasion . her hair be in two utterly perfect braid pigtail . Benjamin look at she , confuse , how do that happen ? the door swing open to reveal Kelly , stand beside she . kelly french braid . Big in the 9us . benjamin ( smile ) Nice ... very nice ... he admire the two of they . kelly they be go to be here today , Benjamin . I know it . 10 ‘o clock , this place will be pack . he give they a look -- it 's up to fate now . ext . zoo -- day -- later everyone have gather at the entrance to the zoo . Benjamin cut the tape across the entrance to cheer . he clear he throat . 105 . benjamin well , I try to write a speech . if Katherine be here , she would have write something clever and witty for I and I would have read it and take full credit . a beat . he look at they face . benjamin ( cont ‘d ) it do not matter how the adventure end , that 's not what a adventure be about . so I be go to declare this a adventure to remember . Worth every penny , and anything that happen from here be a bonus . they applaud . benjamin ( cont 'd ) so Katherine , I will take full eredit . and I will quote she and it be the first thing she say to I -— on benjamin Quick as a heart~attack , and almost as powerful ... he 's hit by a completely unexpected freight train of emotion . it 's everything he 's be hold back . he find he cannot finish . he lower he head , and look up , speechless . Ellis bail he out . ellis let 's see who 's here ! ext . zoo -- day they walk tentatively down the pathway to the front of the zoo . when they get there , what they find ... «+. 18 no one . rosie what time be it ? benjamin ( off watch ) one minute after the last time you ask . 9:59 . dylan they should be here . there should be a line . right here . 106 . benjamin patience , my son . duncan no . he 's right . they should be here . Benjamin take a deep breath . benjamin maybe it 'il take awhile . maybe this be how it 's suppose to be . dylan I do not believe that . I do not . something 's wrong . and Dylan start run down the drive . benjamin Dylan ! come back ! he do not . Benjamin follow . dylan I know something 's wrong . benjamin Dylan -- Dylan disappear around the corner , to the side driveway . Benjamin follow , and see ... lan stand in front of a giant tree , almost four foot high , lie across the driveway . benjamin ( cont 'd ) must have get knock over in the storm -—- and now Dylan have he dad 's fervor too . dylan -- let 's fix it . they work together , as everyone now catch up to they . kelly Rob get the chainsaw in the garage . robin I nil be back in a minute . Rob run back to get the see . 107 . dylan they could not have get through even if they be here -— - Benjamin throw a leg over the down trunk , and climb up on it . when he straighten , he can see across the hillside below . we watch he face . shock . barely able to process what he see . kelly Benjamin , what 's wrong ? she run over and scramble up onto the leg beside he . everyone do the same , rosie require a boost from lily . Kelly stand beside Benjamin . we see what he 's look at ... Pov benjamin -— the road in a long line of car , wait patiently for the zoo . Cars back up a city block long . Music begin now , the Zoo theme , at first tentatively . people be now start to leave they car park by the side of the road , and walk up the path to get there . they have bring stroller . and kite . and cooler . and friend . and family . Music add instrument ... as the frame fi11 with the color of the dress , the laughter , and the energy of this happy visitor . ext . zoo -- day people pour into the park . from every direction now . down the hillside , around the bend . with stroller . backpack . kite . the animal can feel the excitement of the crowd . Kelly lead a tour of the big cat , who bask in the attention ... kelly they know we be all here today . they be show off ! near the peacock rosie show off she brood . Music continue , add instrument . rosie ».. this be Lucy and wesley and peaches , jackpot , and Coco , and this be the baby .... the group of Visitors listen , rivete . 108 . rosie ( cont ’d ) peafowl be very resilient animal . some have escape from captivity and have establish wild community . however , due to the fact that there be so many peafowl , some people consider they to be a zoologically insignificant animal . she smile . rosie ( cont ’d ) we ignore that people . aerial shot the Zoo be alive . on rob who stand in he work boot and direct traffic . on kelly stand in the human traffic , tear in she eye . it 's so real to she , and she feel it so deeply . Music continue . ext . buster' enclosure — — - day buster enjoy he expand world , delight the '' bear '' people . ( note : we will notice in this sequence , that many people be draw to the animal they most resemble . ) on our zookeeper people who do not normally hug , hugging now . benjamin be congratulate by stranger , every few step . stranger well-done . the simplicity of the compliment move he . on dylan he give lily a sandwich . she open it . Inside be a draw . it 's the underworld draw , and in the corner , a sun . she laugh . he shrug , still not sell on the sun , but happy she 's happy . guess that 's a relationship . in the distance we hear ... 109 . macaw parrot ( 0.s . ) '' can not get a handle on it . can not get a handie on it . '' the zoo alive with the sound of voice and laughter . p.a. system { Ellis 's voice ) good afternoon . we invite you to visit we jaguar Restaurant and gift shop complete with a coffin and dartboard for the kid . several turn and look at the PA system quizzically . benjamin and dylan stand for a picture by rosie . arm around each other . they look ... in they own still - find — they - way manner ... comfortable together . rosie this one 's for spar ! snap . with joy : rosie ( cont ‘d ) and mama ! ! snap . on kelly and lily who regard Benjamin and Dylan , the two man in they life , with careful evaluation . Kelly be still a pretty tomboy , lily look completely different in make - up and older- girl clothes . lily if you have to choose between people er animal . Quick . how would you choose ? kelly ( wistful ) animal . lily ( lustful ) people . on parrot enclosure now out front , by the entrance . he 's very loud . 110 . macaw parrot can not get a handle on it . can not get a handle on it ... on walter ferris he show up with he two kid , look sli pty uncomfortable . rosie take he by the han ata bring he over to the peacock . ellis approach he . ellis so be we all good ? ferris we be good . you have all the accreditation . it 's file with the state . Ellis immediately launch into he , hold he in a headlock . ellis where be my money ??? where be the money ?? it 's break up . ext . TIGER enclosure -- day Benjamin stand at the high int in the zoo , from which he can survey as much as possible . can not believe what he 's see . Duncan join he . he make a courtly gesture , in they wheelhouse of unspoken communication -- actual do it . Benjamin repeat the gesture -- with you help . benjamin ( can you believe it ? ) we buy a zoo . they laugh at the sheer beautiful absurdity . Music . the zoo pull back to reveal the whole place , bustling under the blue sky . on the kite Flying in the air . one red one stand out . Katherine 's theme . 111. on benjamin he watch that single red kite . on kelly watch he . how many year will it take for he to get over this woman ? she calculate in she mind . Three ? five ? damn it ! she smile to herself and return to the animal . ext . san diego / CITY STREET -- day a perfect summer day in the city . rosie and Dylan walk down the street with Benjamin . we be back in Benjamin 's old neighborhood . he lead they around a corner , go somewhere specific at a clip . he arrive at ... ext . neal 's coffee shop -- day Benjamin lead they into the coffee shop . benjamin she be sit right there . on the booth sunlight fall on it . this booth have soul and warmth . it always will . on benjamin who turn to rosie and Dylan . benjamin ( cont ’d ) this be the very moment you guy both become a possibility ... rosie I leve that you nre tell we storey again . benjamin this be the story before the story ... this be where the adventure ... and you both ... begin . this be where I meet Katherine . that very booth . I walk up to she , on ineatinct , and I have never do this before ... and we see something miraculous ... 112 . int . the booth ~- day -- 17 year earlier katherine , a dark - haire soulful beauty , be look the other way . it 's the same memory we glimpse earlier , now come to rich and nourishing life . benjamin , seventeen year ago , sweep up to she table with a nobility he never know he have . benjamin why would a amazing person like you talk to a stranger like I ? Katherine turn . it 's we first real look at she . and in she face , we can see a whole lot of Dylan . and all the sparkle and manner of rosie . on benjamin , rosie and dylan — ~ today a threesome just look wondrously at that booth . push in on katherine who say the perfect thing , change all they life forever . it apply then , and it have apply in every mee family adventure to follow . with simple elegance , she say : katherine why not ? we hold on she for a moment , and then ... cut to black title : the dartmoor Zoo in England , on which this story be base , be a acclaimed zoo whose method be study worldwide . the Park be open to faithful follower year-round . Benjamin mee and he two kid still live on the grounds . next year , they plan to add giraffes . credit ~- music the animale , with full ~ screen callback , share the credit with the actor . the end