we need to talk about kevin by lynne ramsay & rory kinnear base on the novel by lionel shriver 11.23.2007 black . 0.s.slooshing noise , teenage kide hushed snickering . int . bedroom , duplex - morning fade in : a red , translucent shadow drip down a bedroom wall like weak rain bathing eva kachadourian , in it 's eerie glow . fifty year old but look a good ten older , Eva lie in bed , eye open , stare blankly at the ceiling . o.s. beep of a digital alarm clock . she slam she hand down on the batter clock , it 's face crack and fix with tape . it 's glow red digit read 7.30 am Thursday 26th April 2001 disorient , she sit up and frown , take in the unnatural hue on she skin . fumble for she robe , she knock a bottle of pill from the bedside table , they scatter noisily across the floor . eva shit . she drag herself out of bed and walk over to the doorway . foot crunching over the spilt pill . daze , she wander down the hall towards the front door , squinting as she step out into the bright morning light . ext . run down duplex , suburban STREET - morning shiver a little , she pull she robe tight around she , she walk a little way down the drive then turn to look at the building . the house look like it 's have it 's throat slit . it 's splatter with red paint , glisten in the sunshine as it drip down the woodwork . Eva survey the scene for a moment , she face expressionless , she shrug tiredly and casually pad back into the house , close the door behind she . fade to black . we need to talk about kevin fade in : bcu , same digital clock , but brand new , it 's digit read . 7 am thursday april 26th 2000 . Eva 's hand slam down on it . int . large ranch house kitchen - morning , one year earlier . a tick sound as a bluish gas flame spark up on the ring . o.s. a man 's voice sing badly over the dull thud of a shower . Eva ( 49 but look 10 year young ) plop a european style coffee pot on top of the range and pick up a spatula , flipping a piece of french toast that 's sizzling in a pan . little girl ( 0.s. ) no slime mommy ! eva ok celie , no slime ! she press the toast firmly into the pan make sure it 's crisp before flick it expertly onto a plate . int . kitchen - moment later . view from behind . the white blonde hair of celia 7 , sit at the kitchen table . eva lean in towards she face make dabbing motion with a little sponge . celia 's foot kick under the table . she whine and wriggle but try hard to stay still . celia daddy 's happy , he 's sing . eva you could call it that ... Eva drop the sponge in the bowl and wipe she hand . eva there 's a brave girl . see that 's better , not so sticky now . celia no , not so sticky ! celia throw she arm round Eva 's neck . Eva smile but she eye be welling up . reverse on celia ; a delicate innocent face . one eye blank looking , prosthetic , stare eerily ahead . Eva extricate herself from celia 's tight hug and turn back to the stove brush she eye . eva now ... eat you breakfast honey . celia daddy !.. franklin ( good look , muscular 40 's ) bound into the kitchen in a buoyant mood . he kiss the top of celia 's head and whistling , head for the coffee pot . franklin ( to Eva ) Morning . eva ( without look up ) Morning . his hand brushes against Eva 's over the stove . a awkward moment , something unspoken in they eye . Franklin pull away gingerly . franklin sorry ... eva that 's ok . she smile at he , shy , girlish . eva you be in a good mood ... franklin ( boyishly embarrassed ) and you know why ... he give she a quick peck on the cheek and be about to turn back to the table when Eva pull he closer and kiss he deeply . boy ( 0.s. ) Gross ... kevin ( 15 ) sidle into the kitchen , dress in a smart white fencing shirt and black slack . eva oh ... you be up . Eva and Franklin pull apart , almost guiltily , like a couple of teenager catch at it . franklin look good ... eva wow , what happen ... be all you size one clothes in the wash ? kevin some day you just wake up with a sense of occasion . Kevin tuck the billow shirt neatly into he pants . celia Kevin look handsome . he do look handsome and Eva look at he with a hint of pride . eva yup ... you brother 's a heartbreaker ... now do not dawdle , you be suppose to eat it , not make friend with it . Kevin plonk he open rucksack on the table with a clunk . it 's full of heavy yellow kryptonite bike lock . franklin see you have get some taker ... kevin yeah should make a pile . I can charge twice what I pay for this on the net . franklin the next Donald trump , huh ? Franklin begin to load some film into a professional look camera . franklin Big job today kev ... michelin tyre . I have find the perfect spot , just hope the light hold out ... Kevin nod disinterestedly . kevin right ... franklin hey I ever show you how this camera work ? kevin only about a million time . Kevin start fill he sport bag with arrow and the rest of he archery kit . franklin ( try again ) that remind I we should shoot a roll of you at archery practice sometime soon .... capture that steely gaze and steady arm for posterity ... Franklin slap Kevin on the back . it 's a mistake Kevin flinch , he mask fall and for a split second Eva notice a look of ' revulsion 's ? kevin yeah dad . that would be ... great . franklin ( seemingly oblivious to Kevin 's disinterest ) ' course I have have to shoot it on a long lens ... you see the only way to capture ... kevin ( levelly ) listen , I do not care how you stupid camera work . I do not want to be a location scout for a bunch of crappy product . I be not interested . I do not want to play frisbee in the back yard or one more game of monopoly with a candy ass one eye midget . and I have have it up to my eyeball with heart - to - heart father - son talk about aspect of my life that be none of you business . Franklin look stunne , flushed with a tinge of anger . Eva meet he eye and just perceptibly shake she head . he silently start to fit he lense back in the case . franklin ( slightly subdued ) ok . you be on the record . as abruptly as he have explode Kevin fold right back into himself . he pour some cereal into he bowl . kevin can you pass the sugar please ? Franklin slide the sugar in Kevin 's direction . Kevin start to heap a disgusting amount over he breakfast . a uncomfortable silence . no one make eye contact , like polite people pretend they do not notice a very loud fart . Franklin study the newspaper he 's already read , and Eva gather up she purse and some paperwork . eva ok , time to make a move . she bend to kiss celia 's head , brush a last speck of crust from she eyelash . celia stand woodenly she arm hold out . celia I ’1ll miss you ... Eva glance at she watch . eva I 'il miss you too . she hug celia take she into she arm . celia cling on desperately . Eva finally manage to put she down . she pass Kevin on the way to the door . she almost make a move to kiss he goodbye , think better of it and pass a hand over he fringe instead , she hand brush against he forehead . eva you be a little clammy , do you feel alright ? kevin never better ... eva hey ... three day till you be sixteen huh ? we should do something ... how ' bout Sunday ? kevin ( noncommittally ) do not know , might be tie up ... Eva shrug and pick up she bag , kissing Franklin briefly on the cheek as she pass on she way to the door . kevin do not you want to say goodbye to celie on more time ? eva ( over she shoulder as she exit ) very funny . she close the door behind she with a click . int . eva' office - evening Eva 's stockinge foot up on the desk , view from behind , she swivel on the chair , the phone press to she ear ... eva hey it 's I ... I just want to say ... you know .. um ... last night ... be ... great ... I do not know Franklin be we do the right thing ? maybe we could get away for a few day just you and I ... ( sense someone stand behind she ) anyway see you tonight . i’1l cook something special . she hang up and swivel round in she chair eva have not you guy get home to go to ?... her assistant rose be stand ashen face in the doorway . rose Eva , you son 's at gladstone High be not he ? int . eva 's car - NYC street - west side highway - evening Eva speed through the traffic , overtake another driver who scream at she and give she the finger . she turn onto the West side highway . total gridlock . she honk the horn furiously , it merge with the cacophony of other horn on the static freeway . her finger frantically fiddle with the digital radio as it scramble wildly in and out of frequency . ' fatality fear at gladstone High 's ... ( merges into a cheesy inappropriate pop song ) ... shoot ...‘ Police try to gain access 's ... it fuzze back to the song again and Eva thump the radio angrily with she fist . ext . ariel view , eva 's car , outskirt NYC - evening the badly tune radio merge with Eva 's panicky voice . eva ( 0.s. ) Kevin ... pick up .... Kevin please ?... ( the sound of another number punch into the phone ) ... ( more ) eva ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) Franklin .... where the hell be you ?... pick up the goddamn phone ... int . eva 's car , suburban ST . - evening Eva round the corner and slam on the brake . a elderly couple crossing the road in front of she gawp at she before continue on at a snail pace . Eva drum she hand impatiently on the wheel ... c’mon ... c’mon . later : a strange lull as Eva speed past row of white picket fence house and neat manicure lawn . no one around . two wild look dog pull trash from a upturn can , snarling and show they tooth . int . car - STREET leading to gladstone high - dusk a helicopter chop noisily in the air just above she . siren getting louder . the fuzzy car radio suddenly start blaring out ' hey mickey 's by toni basil . she turn into the drive lead up to the school pass ... a group of teenage girl huddle together with they arm round one another in a strange tableaux . it 's get dark as Eva jump out of the car , leave the door wide open .... viewed from inside the car , as the music continue ... Red and blue siren pulse eerily from emergency vehicle as Eva stumble through the lot towards the school . closely following eva ; everything slow to a strange half speed , as if underwater . total chaos . teacher , student and frantic parent in tear or profound state of shock . second take forever as Eva move towards the hubbub surround the gym . 10 . she catch the sight of a hysterical woman who we will later know as mary woolford , a perfectly coiffure mother , but with black rivulet of mascara run down she face , she look like a scream clown . for a split second they eye meet . o.s . the voice of a cop on a crackle radio ... merge into a electrical roar .... cop be gather round one of the gym entrance as a fireman work at the door with a cutter . a arc of blue spark fly into the night . a yellow kryptonite bike lock clunk to the floor with a sicken thud . Eva lose focus , the red and blue light scatter into meaningless splotches . ccut to black scream in the darkness . ext . STREET , banol , spain 1983 - day a mass of half - naked teenage body writhe together , pile on top of one another , scream and yell , cover in a viscous , blood-re liquid . be this hell ? splat . a tomato fly through the air and squash against the crisp white cotton of a woman 's blouse . Eva ( 36 and gorgeous ) squeal and laugh , hold she hand protectively over she face as more tomato fly in every direction . two young guy , flirty and lascivious , be push up against she shouting and laugh , they grab she arm and playfully pull they from she face , stretch they wide so Eva become a open target for the rest of the crowd . tomato rain down , squashing as they hit they target and soaking Eva in they sticky red mess . it 's fun at first , but soon the chaos prove too much and Eva pull away from the protest boy and struggle to free herself from the crowd . 11 . ext . a quieter back STREET - day Eva relax as she walk away from the frenzy of the '' tomatina '' , the music and scream fade into the background , she hair and clothes drip with tomato juice . she pull a fleshy lump from she hair and drop it in the road , laugh quietly to herself . int . spanish HOTEL bathroom - day the hiss of a shower , steam fill the room . a pink-stain bra drop to the floor on top of a pile of soak clothes . Eva 's foot step into the shower , the water run red round she toe . hand soap up a lather and caress the skin of she shoulder neck , breast and belly sensuously . the shower head splutter and spit , the steam disappear . Eva look up and squeal - the water have go freezing . she scramble from the shower swear to herself . int . a BASIC HOTEL bedroom - day Eva sit on the edge of the bed , goose pimple , shiver slightly , wrap in a small , cheap , thin ' bath 's towel . Hand write journal and notebook be strewn across the bed , she flop down on she back and reach for a dictaphone , click record . Eva 's lip full frame . eva bedroom ... bearable , plumbing ... practically non-existent . she click it off with a sigh and cast she eye round the drab , bare room ... something lonely about she . she sigh and turn on she side she gaze fix on the phone . moment later Eva 's finger playfully twirl the chord of the phone as she wander aimlessly round the room . franklin phone voice ( tinny and distort by the long distance call ) so what you up to ? eva not much ? just have a shower ... she pick at a bit of tomato skin on she arm . eva huh ... well half a shower . man 's voice ( 0.s. ) so you be naked ? 12 . she laugh and twirl round , drop the towel , admire she tone body in the mirror . eva mmmmm ... you know what ... I have get great tit . she laugh , sexy , teasing , blush . CUT to : Eva 's hair be fan out around she on the pillow , she face flushed . franklin phone voice be you do it now ?.. eva maybe .. her toe stretch out and she let out a husky teasing laugh . franklin phone voice well do it faster . she focus on the ceiling fan ; the blade whirring noisily . eva phone voice you want I to do it faster ? 0.s. Eva giggle sexily . ext . terrace restaurant - evening Eva eat alone , maroon and lonesome . 13 . a couple of local lotharios check Eva out from the bar , she ignore they . she watch a young pretty Spanish couple dining nearby , laugh noisily , dote on they rambunctious kid . franklin phone voice ( 0.s. ) this be stupid ... come home . eva ( 0.s. ) you know I can not ... it 's only a couple more week ... int . arrival , JFK - day on the soundtrack ' sweet dream be make of this 's by the eurythmics 's crackle from a car radio . Eva search the sea of wait face beyond the barrier , driver wave name sign . she frown , he 's not there . int . JFK - day Eva rush through the airport , something catch she eye . a large stand of shiny new na wing and a prayer 's TRAVEL guide she smile at a young girl with a backpack who 's peruse they . the girl flip the book over . Eva 's face smile back at she from the book jacket ... '' '' write and research by Eva kachadourian '' the girl double take , but Eva have already disappear into the crowd . Eva 's face full frame , she allow herself a private , satisfied smile . ext . yellow cab , brooklyn bridge - dusk big wide shot , swarming car , a glorious sunset reflect off the manhattan skyline ... '' sweet dream be make of this ... '' 14 . eva ( 0.s. ) ( excited ) turn it up ... turn it up ! the music grow louder and continue over the follow scene . int . yellow cab - tribeca - dusk Eva 's face reflect in she compact mirror , apply some lip gloss ... tousle she hair sexily . almost there . she redirect the driver , this be she city , she know she way around . ext . tribeca STREET , NYC - early evening the cab pull up and Eva get out . a handsome young broker guy whose pass rush up to help she with she bag , flirt a little as he help she inside the entrance of a industrial look building . int . eva 's apartment - evening a whirring noise and a clunk . Eva chuckle to herself and thud she foot on the floor of the dilapidate elevator , it swim up unsteadily to she floor . she pull the grate back excitedly and step into the apartment , drag she bag in after she . eva Franklin ? the music stop suddenly slight time CUT she glance at the breakfast dish still strewn messily over the counter beside a open newspaper . look a little forlorn as she tinny voice resound back at she ... eva' voice on answer machine sorry babe everything 's delay -.. can not wait to see you ... ( beep ) and do not bother pick anything up ... I be gonna cook you a.. 15 . Eva 's finger abruptly press stop on the player . later Eva huffily scrape the remain of dinner into the trash , the plate clash noisily into the sink . later Eva sit at the kitchen table , bored , unwrap a little ornament , a Spanish man in a sombrero stand in a barrel . she press the button on it 's base , the barrel shoot down and a big wooden penis paint red at the tip spring out . she set it off again a couple of time until the joke be not funny any more . later it 's dark and feel late . Eva skulk across the room , she trip over something and almost fall flat on she face . she pick up a aging boxer 's jump rope , scowling with irritation . eva Jesus Franklin ! but Franklin 's not there , Eva look a little silly as she voice echoe around the empty loft . she throw herself down on the couch , curling the rope absentmindedly in she finger . later still Eva glance at the clock , it 's way past midnight . right , that 's it . car crash . he 's dead . she get up and grab the phone , she hand hover over the nine of 911 . she drop the receiver back in place . C ’mon Eva , do not be ridiculous , get yourself together . int . kitchen / live area - later still o.s . the sound of the elevator grind to a halt three foot below the entrance to the loft . 16 . franklin ( 0.s. ) aw crap ! Franklin will swear at the elevator every time he enter the loft . the elevator grate wrench open and a exhaust and totally soak franklin stumble in carry a large camera bag and knapsack . eva why the hell do not you call ! he look surprised and hold up he hand apologetically . franklin we van break down , twice . we be not near a phone ... eva ( shake with anger ) you could have find one if you try ... franklin I do try . Eva look doubtful , unimpress . franklin Jesus Eva , I be surprised .. Eva frown at he , confuse . he turn he back on she , pull a beer from the fridge and pop it . franklin ... I mean my wife come home be hardly a special occasion this day ... something come hurl towards he and he duck , it hit the wall and bounce onto the floor , it 's the novelty Spaniard and the lewd penis pop out . Franklin 's laugh be silence by Eva 's glare ... but he grin be infectious and she can not help but laugh too ... they both break into hysterics . int . bedroom - night . a pulsing red neon light from the chinese restaurant across the block strobe into the room , alternately bathing the scene in it 's glow or leave it obscure in darkness . 17 . red : at first glance it look like Eva and Franklin be lock in a violent tussle as they furiously tear each other clothes off . black . red : Eva pull Franklin 's damp T-shirt over he head and they fall back on the bed , wriggle nakedly . black . red : urgent and visceral in they movement as if they want to consume one another . they roll around in a tangle then she move on top of he . she lean down , kissing he neck . she can not get close enough . black . later - post coital . Eva be dozy eye but contemplative , the trace of a smile on she lip . the black / red light flash on and off like a warning signal . eva ( sleepily , mumble ) I do not put in my diaphragm . Franklin stir and roll over , look at she disorient . franklin be it safe ? Eva giggle . eva ( affect a german accent ) be it safe ? Franklin laugh . franklin be it ? eva ( in a poor Dustin hoffman impression ) no it 's not safe , it 's very dangerous . be careful . they both laugh and he pull she into he arm . 18 . Black . int . bedroom - morning o.s. pee bounce around in the bowl . franlin ( 0.s. ) last night you do not just forget ? Eva peer over the quilt , sleepy eye , huh ? she shake she head coyly . Franklin appear , lift she off of the bed , leave she impression on the empty , crush pillow . her foot twirl into frame as he spin she round . her toe wriggle girlishly . franklin ( 0.s. ) that 's great ! he dump she back down , kissing she deeply , then leave she , face flushed , bounce up and down on the mattress . o.s. him bawling out ' bear in the USA 's over the dull thud of the shower . Eva roll she eye at he cheesiness . her eye drift to the window , the sky be dark , grey cloud gather ominously . her smile start to fade and be replace by a slightly apprehensive look . it start to rain . int . eva 's office - evening rain pour down a window . it 's get dark . Eva sit in she office behind a glass partition look out at a newly decorate space . graphic picture of exotic place and enlarge frame cover of ' a wing and a prayer 's lean against the wall ready to be hang . she watch as a painter fold he ladder up and wave to she on he way out . a camp look guy with a satchel bag hang round he , poke he head round the door ... jon look great huh ?... Eva 's empire . 19 . Eva smile . jon you want I to lock up ... eva it 's ok you go . I will do it . later . Eva stand at the door and take a final look round the almost finish 's modern space 's . the shiny new desk and state of the art computer ... she smile to herself , a glimmer of pride in she eye , then something else ... apprehension ? her hand reach for the light switch and the fluorescent lazily flicker off ... just at that moment a clap of thunder outside merge with .. CUT to : a thunderous roar , light flickering on and off as the subway carriage shudder shakily along the track . o.s. garble drunken raving merge into sing . a grimy drunk tramp wobble unsteadily through the carriage , ignore by the other passenger , he obviously stink . he almost fall into a empty seat . he garbles on unintelligibly , then in a moment of lucidity he gesture dramatically round the carriage . tramp we be all the same , I and you ... we all come from somebody 's cunt ... he cackle at himself .. tramp ( 0.s. ) ( almost weep with laughter ) we all come from somebody 's cunt ! Eva glance round the carriage of tired irritable passenger , the tramp word echoing . close up on face , all different , shape , color , size ... the light flicker out again as the train roar into a tunnel . black . the repetitive clack , clack of the train on the rail . 20 . int . kitchen / live area - morning the crockery on the work surface rattles rhythmically . voice on answer phone Eva ? ... Eva pick up , it 's urgent .... we have get twenty minute to approve the proofs . call I . Eva hand roam awkwardly for a space amongst the dirty dish . the salt cellar fall over . Franklin 's face be screw up in concentration and effort as he pump away forcefully behind she . as he push into she , she palm press into a gooey mess of ketchup and leftover bacon on a greasy plate . Franklin groan and come . o.s . the sound of Franklin zipping and buckle up . he look at he watch then lean in and give she a quick peck on the cheek . franklin shit , sorry babe , gotta go ... he turn and hurriedly grab he camera bag . o.s . the sound of the elevator cranking open . franklin ( 0.s. ) see you later ... I love you . o.s. the door clank shut ... leave Eva still stand leg akimbo with she panty round she ankle . she look at she ketchup stain hand with disgust and wipe they on a dish cloth before bend to pull up she knicker . she sigh and start to tidy the breakfast thing . int . bathroom - night o.s . the dull thud of a jump rope sound over a loud tv . a stream of bloody pee run into the toilet bowl . Eva breathes a sigh of ... relief ? 21. she pull up she knicker and wash she hand . int . live / kitchen area - night Franklin have he back to Eva , he 's dress in a ancient 70 's rock band T and short , skip in front of the blaring tv , soak with sweat . Eva walk to the kitchen area , flick the switch of the kettle and reach into the cupboard . almost instantly Franklin be behind she , he sweaty body rub into hers . eva not now .... I get my period . she turn to he , make a effort to look regretful when she see 's a flicker of disappointment cross he face . franklin never mind , we will just keep try hey ? he take she in he arm . Eva 's face visible over he shoulder look less than enthusiastic . int . live area - night . Eva 's head visible over Franklin 's burly shoulder be lodge awkwardly up against the arm of the sofa , she wince a little as Franklin 's piston like fuck intensify . '' ker-bang , ker-bang , ker-bang ... '' later voice on the tv ( 0.s. ) .- and so after this arduous , prodigious struggle the female salmon finally reach they destination tight on Eva , stare at the ceiling . eva do you think you will miss it ?... just the two of we ? she turn to look at Franklin whose sprawle , head back and snore lightly . she study he open mouth , drool collect in the corner . he fart loudly and roll over . 22 . Eva grimace and turn she attention to the tv . voice on the tv ( 0.s. ) ..+.- and can lay they egg ready to be fertilize by the wait male . unfortunately for they once the task be complete they will die , leave a feast for the wait bird and maybe even the bear ... Shots on the tv of milky eye , greasy look dead fish lie belly up in the water ... she grab the remote and flick the channel . int . loft - early evening Eva throw herself down on the sofa and take a deep slug from a glass of red wine . a huge new book lie open on the coffee table . the everything pregnancy and nutrition guide . she pick it up . eva ( american info-mercial Voice ) twenty thing you should do before you get pregnant . just say no to party ... give that cup of Joe the old heave - ho . the patronize text quickly induce another slug of wine . o.s. thunk . she look up to see Franklin , head bury in the fridge throw a big chunk of she bluest , stinkiest cheese into the trash . eva hey ! what the hell ? she snap the book close . eva that 's my favorite ! franklin if you be gonna do something ... she roll she eye and pad down the hall with the glass of wine still in she hand . 23 . franklin ( 0.s. ) and easy on El vino from now on ... eva ( under she breath as she walk into the bedroom ) nyeh , nyeh , nyeh , nyeh . int . eva' car - day Eva drive distractedly , she glance at she handbag which sit on the passenger seat , a seal pickle jar poke out of the bag , the greasy yellow content swilling around with the movement of the car . o.s . the loud honk of a horn . Eva look up , she 's rapidly approach a line of stationary traffic at a stop sign . eva shit ! she stamp on the brake . her bag slide forward on the seat , teeter on the edge . Eva reach for it and grab it before it fall , breathe a sigh of relief . int . surgery - day o.s . the sound of blood rush in she ear as Eva 's vision blur for a second , she swoon forward , she head between she knee . Eva 's ankle and shoe full frame against the white tile floor . dr . rhinestien ( 0.s . ) be you okay ?... Eva ... this should be good news ... int . kitchen / live area - evening hand straighten up the dish on a beautifully laid out table until it look perfect ... but look closer the hand be shaking ... pull out ; 24 . dress in the simple white smock , with little make - up on Eva look fresh and young . the picture postcard of a wholesome mother to be . o.s . the cranking of the elevator . she rush to the kitchen counter , pretend to busy herself with the salad , she back turn to the elevator . Franklin walk into the apartment , take the scene in and immediately stop in he track . franklin you be pregnant . Eva turn and flush . she can not conceal she disappointment at have lose she big moment . she shrug . eva look that way . later - Eva pick up a wait champagne bottle from it 's ice bucket and go to fill Franklin 's glass but he cover it with he hand . franklin hey , c’mon , we be in this together . he grin and pick up the cranberry juice , pour himself a healthy glass , hold it up for a toast . franklin La chaim ! they clink glass and Eva take a swig , barely manage to disguise a grimace at the disappointingly sickly sweet taste of the juice . franklin welcome to you new life ! Eva grin , but as Franklin dig into he meal she look with a little regret at the discard champagne bottle . int . bedroom - night o.s. Franklin whistling cheerfully from the bathroom . 25 . Eva pull off she white dress and look at she flat stomach in the mirror run she hand over it ruefully . time jump . int . bedroom - day hand rifling through the wardrobe rail flick pass endless hanger , rejecting they all . eventually a smart rain coat be pull out . Eva stand in front of the mirror with the coat on . from the front it look ok but when she turn to the side it look ridiculous , she can not even belt it . she cast it aside on the bed . ext . eva walking through soho - day Close in . High heel shoe clack in front of Eva , the back of a woman wear a trench coat like the one Eva could not fit . all male head turn as she pass . ext coffee vendor - day . eva double espresso please . the woman at the counter look at Eva 's grow bump and raise she eyebrow . waitress you sure ?... eva ( sarcastically ) yes I be sure . ext . STREET outside eva 's apartment - day . Eva struggle with too many grocery bag whilst try to fish in she purse for she key . she see the young cute broker guy pass ( who help she with she luggage on she return from Spain ) . Eva look at he expectantly but he do not even notice she and walk right past . 26 . int . the loft - early eve . Franklin stumble into the apartment , he face obscure by box of toy . Eva rush to greet he but he walk right past she , down the hall to the baby room . franklin hey come and check it out , I get some cool stuff ... Eva follow he look a little forlorn . int . anti - natal CLASS - day CLASS tutor ( 0.s. ) and one , two , three . and breathe . mother sit cross legge on the floor , eye close with they partner hugging they from behind . Eva and Franklin be amongst they , Eva be the only one with she eye open . snort of release air , resound around she . CLASS tutor ( she face raise to the heaven ) feel the baby deep inside ... feel the deep maternal bond . the miraculous and transcendental bond . and breathe . Eva roll she eye and scan the class , study the other woman 's blissful expression . she can not help but break into nervous involuntary giggle . Franklin laugh a little with she . franklin ( whisper ) hey , shhhh , c’mon . CLASS tutor and relax ... ok guy , that 's it for now ... ( she smile benevolently ) see you all next week . the pregnant woman and they partner open they eye , they all start to clap . 27 . Eva stare around at the other blankly . int . frankline pick up - day the pick up pull up at the light . eva hey what do you think about selim ? Franklin frown at she . franklin you have get to be kid . selim plaskett !? eva no ... selim khachadourian have more of a ring . franklin yeah it have the ring of a kid that 's not related to I . eva funny that 's exactly how Peter plaskett sound to I . the light change and they pull away . ext . STREET - early evening . Franklin 's pick up pull up and they both get out . franklin ... my parent would have a cow . eva I just do not see why I should get varicose vein for a plaskett ... it 's a gross name . franklin so that 's why you do not take it when we get marry . you hate my name ! eva I do not hate it ... it 's just so ... american . I mean ... 28 . franklin ok tell you what if it 's a boy ' plaskett 's , if it 's a girl you can have ' khachadourian 's . eva so a girl do not matter to you ... he raise he hand and interrupt . franklin ok ok , if it 's a girl plaskett . but on one condition , none of this selim souvlaki stuff for the first name . something american . deal ? Eva laugh . eva ok deal . int . bedroom - morning ; some month later . Eva in bed alone . swollen ; sweat . a print of dega 's backstage dancer . Eva stare at the girl , who seem to somehow be mock she in return . Eva close she eye , praying for the sicken moment to pass . Franklin enter the darken room and sit on the bed . franklin promise I you will not go to work today . Eva be about to protest . franklin ( firmly ) promise . Eva nod imperceptibly . Franklin kiss she on the forehead then rise and head for the door . franklin why do not you fix up the nursery if you be bored . you have hardly look at it . 29 . int . loft - day Eva wander around aimlessly , enjoy the late afternoon sunshine . she look a lot fresher but clearly at a loose end . she pass a shelf stack with record and flick through they , slide out a billy Joel album , smile at the cheesy cover and return it to the shelf . she rub she bulg belly . eva hey kid ... let hope you have better taste in music than the old man huh ? she flick to the back of the stack , she old ' single life 's record . eva aha ! she pull out , talk head ; ' speak in tongues 's . Eva set the needle on the record and ' Burning down the house 's burst into the room , she whacks the volume up , herky - jerky awkwardly , and hum along . she catch she reflection in the mirror and push out she huge bump comically . eva you have better not give I stretch mark ... you little bastard . she hold she big belly in she hand and step awkwardly onto the couch , jump up and down in time to the music . scrreech . the music stop , the needle drag off the record . eva hey ! she turn mid leap to see Franklin glower at she . franklin what the fuck be you do , try to have a miscarriage ? eva have a good time for once , be that illegal ? 30 . she plonk herself down on the couch . franklin awww ... stop feel sorry for yourself and grow up ... eva what 's the matter Franklin ? be I not play mommy and daddy right ? Christ , if I have know that 's what you be expect I would not have bother . Franklin 's face turn bett red . franklin ( quietly furious ) it 's too late for second thought now eva. int . hallway - middle of the night o.s . the sound of run water . Eva appear from the bathroom , pass the door of the new nursery , hesitates , then push it open . the room be full of box , the crib set up in the middle of the floor , catch in the glow of the street light . she pull the baby blanket from the crib , drape it round she shoulder and twist the mobile hang above it . she sit on one of the box , the simplistic chime of ' twinkle , twinkle little star 's play round endlessly . CUT to black . o.s. animalistic , unearthly moan . dr rhienstein ( 0.s. ) Eva , you be resisting . eva ( a furious screech ) it 's kill I ... CUT to : light ? a light , a singular , blind light . 31 . tight on Franklin 's big hand hold in Eva 's vice like grip , till it 's painful , white knuckle , about to be mashed to a pulp and then it 's .... suddenly release . Pan down from the big white light to find a baby kick furiously in space , ugly and red like a peel monkey , hold up by disembody hand for Eva 's inspection . the thing be plopped flaccidly on she stomach and she crane to look at it . it study she back , a disgruntled ' old man 's face 's . it 's black hole of a mouth screeching at the top of it 's lung . eva ( mumble automatically ) he 's beautiful . the nurse help to guide the baby to Eva 's nipple but it wriggle away from it in fury . nurse ( o.s. ) do not worry ... they do not always take to it first time ... franklin ( 0.s. ) ( choke up ) can I ? he lean in ever so gently , pick he up . it 's love at first sight . Franklin close he eye and press he cheek against the baby 's , who stop scream . Eva watch they bond , at a loss for what to say or do . feeling remote from the whole thing ... she look blank / bored / lose . franklin ( look up at Eva ) Kevin ?... a exhaust Eva nod almost imperceptibly . Franklin smile , return he attention to he bundle of joy . franklin Kevin ... ( magnanimously ) katchadourian . fade to black . 32 . a distant wail , like a lone siren build and build into a unearthly roar . fade up on : the tribeca loft , view from the street below . the sound of a baby cry resound round the block ... if not the whole neighborhood . franklin phone voice ( through a mouthful of lunch ) it say here ... smile at you baby often . the baby will mimic you and smile back . int . the loft - day Kevin 's face screw up in anger and almost turn purple from the effort as he scream incessantly . eva ( not convinced ) really ?... Eva smile desperately at Kevin . later . Eva jiggle up and down on the spot stiffly , awkwardly . sense she unease , Kevin 's scream intensify . she scoops a breast from she open shirt and offer he one of she already raw look nipple . he take it in he mouth for a second before turn away and spew out the milk in a bluish dribble . eva no ? CUT to : Kevin still wail , kick he leg wildly as he lay on he back on the change table , Eva check he dry diaper and reseal it . she put he back in he crib and wave the mobile at he but he kick it away in fury . much later ; 33. Eva pace up and down the loft coo , hum and jiggling the scream bundle in she arm . eva goo goo goo , gah gah ... ( she force smile drop ) please be quiet ... please ... o.s. a ping , and the grind crank of the elevator as it ascend from the first floor . as if on cue , Kevin fall silent . Eva 's mouth fall open in shock , gingerly she creep to the cot and lay the baby down with infinite care . o.s . the elevator grate grind open . Franklin bound in , another stuff toy under one arm , pile of print from work under the other . franklin how 's my little man , huh ? eva please , do not wake he , he 's only just ... she wince as Franklin take Kevin in he arm but the baby stay miraculously silent , nestle quietly in Franklin 's huge arm . he coo and grin a bit more before look up . franklin any better on the feed ? Eva shake she head listlessly . eva rhinestein say it might be a diet thing . I will try cut a couple of thing out . franklin ( instantly return he attention to the baby ) well we want we boy to grow up big and strong do not we ? yes we do . ext . STREET outside the loft - morning Franklin swing he bag over he shoulder as he leave the apartment building . 34 . he look up to see Eva watch he from the loft window . he wave and blow she a kiss before climb into the pickup . int . the loft - morning Eva wave to Franklin and watch as he drive off , toot he horn . a prodigious screech from behind she as kevin start up again . Eva walk leadenly over to the crib and pick he up . int . a cafe - day a young waitress strain to hear Eva 's order over the constant scream emanate from the pram next to she . eva ( exhaust , thin ) do you have any gluten free bread ? the bored waitress shake she head . eva ok , a bowl of plain pasta , no chilli no garlic ... and a green salad , hold the dress . the waitress nod and scoot off . Eva jiggle the pram uselessly , Kevin seem to redouble he effort . other diner turn and give unfriendly glance which Eva try to ignore . man ( 0.s. ) for Christ 's sake , somebody , shut that kid up ! a old woman lean over from the next table . old woman have you try feed he honey ? eva ( try to keep she cool ) yes I have try feed he . 35 . old woman well ... he sure sound hungry to I ... enough . Eva slam a twenty from she purse on the table and storm off just as the waitress reappear clutching a steaming bowl . waitress hey , what about you ...? ext . central park - day a juggler 's glass ball jump into the air distorting he pudgy face and tell tale alcoholic 's nose , as he recite a ' right on 's little mantra , part of he ' act 's , surround by kid and mom . juggler Children will show love . if you show they love . Children will grow up to be strong when surround by strength ... Eva push Kevin still scream in he buggy to the back of the crowd . the juggler look irritate but continue , raise he voice considerably . juggler Children will be ... ( shouting now ) Children will be patient . if you show they understanding . Children will be ... the juggler glare at Kevin 's ball up face , he 's rapidly lose business . Eva , feel like a leper , wheel Kevin away . ext . new york STREET - day Eva look exhaust as she push the pram out of the park ; the walk have do nothing to settle she nerve or Kevin 's , he 's still scream blue murder . she pass a group of construction worker digging up the road . a pneumatic drill hammer up the tarmac . Eva stop on the sidewalk and look down at Kevin 's twisted face , he incessant bawling drown out by the drill . 36 . she stand stock still , close she eye , drink in the moment of respite provide by the noise . passer by throw question glance but Eva 's oblivious to they all . int . the loft - day Eva stand over the sink , sweaty and pale . o.s. Kevin cry in the background . she wince as she remove a breast pump from she tender nipple . she make towards the cot , pause , she can not face it . she switch on the radio , Beethoven at he most jubilant blast out for a moment it cover the sound of the scream . then the cry just get louder . Eva turn up the radio . CUT to : Kevin on he back in the crib , pause a moment for breath then start again , prodigious wail louder than ever before . CUT to : Eva 's hand as she turn the volume up on the radio . CUT to : Kevin fling he arm wide , he back arched as he push out a even louder yell . CUT to : Eva twist the volume up further still , classical music booming round the loft . CUT to : Close up on Kevin 's mouth , a bottomless black hole - as the roaring get louder and louder . CUT to : Eva turn the volume up full , the music painfully loud . Kevin 's scream only vaguely audible in the background . she throw herself down on the couch . 37 . stalemate . int . live area - early evening Eva look dreadful , almost catatonic , curl up on the sofa , with a blanket drape around she shoulder seemingly oblivious to the unending scream . feeling a sudden sharp stab of pain in she breast , she open she robe and examine a small bright red patch of tender skin develop under she swollen crack nipple . o.s. the elevator ping and Kevin immediately fall silent . eva that 's right , daddy 's home . Franklin walk in and drop he bag with barely a glance at Eva , he immediately make a beeline for Kevin 's crib . franklin hey , sorry I be late just get call in on another job . seem I be more popular than ever ... eva he 's outdone himself today . Franklin lean in and pick up Kevin , who stay sound asleep , he face content . franklin I can not believe this little angel could have be grouchy all day . eva you think I be exaggerate ... franklin I do not say that . she waddle towards he with the blanket still wrap round she , follow he into the kitchen area . eva you realize that John downstairs be threaten to move out . franklin John 's a fag and fag 's do not like baby . ( more ) 38 . franklin ( cont would ) this whole city 's anti-child ... I be only just beginning to notice . Kevin rouse and quietly take the bottle offer by Franklin . franklin see ? he seem pretty good nature to I ... eva he 's not good nature he 's exhaust , and so be I . I think I might be come down with something . he hold a hand to she forehead briefly , perfunctorily . franklin touch warm . go get some rest I 'o 1l fix dinner . she shuffles back to the couch , look a little crest fall at Franklin 's lack of attention . franklin look Eva ... if you be have trouble cope we could always hire someone ... he plod off to the kitchen . int . the loft - evening the bathroom door open and Eva emerge , huddle in she blanket , a thermometer poke out from under she tongue . she take it out and try to focus . eva here you read it , everything 's a bit blurry . Eva swoon , Franklin run and catch she in he spare arm . he put down Kevin , ignore he instant scream and scoops Eva up in he arm , carry she to the couch . franklin I be so sorry ! you be sick , you be really sick . 39 . Eva 's Pov look up at Franklin 's concerned face loom over she . CUT to black . dr rhienstein ( 0.s. ) double mastitis ... very rare int . hospital - day . dr rhienstein ( 0.s. ) ... I be afraid we will have to keep you here for at least a week ... o.s . the door close . Eva lie in bed , exhaust and still sore . a simply furnish , pristine white room . but it 's quiet , blissfully quiet . she smile to herself and lie back , pull the sheet up carefully over she raw breast and close she eye . ext . hospital lot - day Franklin lift Eva ( whose clutching a huge bunch of flower ) ever so gently out of a wheelchair and into the passenger seat . franklin ( tenderly ) be that ok honey ? Eva nod , she look exhaust but be clearly appreciate the attention . int . frankline pick up - day . Eva smile , enjoy the feel of the breeze from the open window as the truck pull out of the hospital lot onto the freeway . eva I think she name be carlotta ? franklin oh she ... do not work out . eva what , you sack she ? 40 . franklin not exactly . eva you mean she quit ? franklin after one day , can you believe it ? Eva look like she can believe it , Franklin move on swiftly . franklin ..- but siobhan have turn out to be a total godsend . int . bedroom , morning . Eva wake up , fuzzy and disorient . o.s . the sound of laughter , a high pitch female voice . she pull herself out of bed , the blanket have leave imprint on she face and she bed head hair stand comically on end . int . the loft - day Eva pad quietly into the hall , she look up and stop . hazy sunlight catch Franklin 's relaxed smile . he stroke Kevin 's head whilst siobhan ( 21 ) , a plump dark haire girl hold he , rock he gently . for once Kevin is_ not cry . it 's a vision of a perfect , happy family . she watch the scene for a moment then retreat quietly back to the bedroom . ext . 5 th avenue - evening Eva push through a sea of people , rush hour . eva phone voice hey siobhan ... so sorry I be late again . leave now . be back in a hour .... hope you be feel better . she check she watch and quickly dodge into a expensive look accessory store . she peruse a couple of shelf before pull out a gorgeous oriental silk shawl . 4l. she check the price tag and whistle through she tooth . fuck it . she take it to the counter to pay . int . the loft - evening tight on siobhan , she look exhaust but still manage to smile as she bounce Kevin on she hip , he 's scream blue murder . siobhan ( unwrap the scarf and shouting over the wail ) oh my god , Eva , it 's beautiful ... you really should not have . int . trendy soho restaurant - evening tight on brian ( a friend ) talk excitedly , he hand flap , totally absorb . brian what I have not realize , be that you fall in love with you own child . you do not just love they , you fall in love . and that moment , when you lay you eye on they for the first time - it 's ... indescribable ... Franklin and louise ( brian 's wife ) nod approvingly , they eye mist over slightly , play back private memory . brian ( turn to Eva ) what about you , can you remember it , that moment ? join the conversation with a jolt , she be mile away . eva ( shrugging , search for word ) yeah you be right ... indescribable .. int . restaurant bathroom - evening Eva and Louise enter cubicle mid conversation . 42 . louise ( 0.s. ) ( inside she cubicle ) well Franklin be just over the moon be not he ... gonna make a great dad ... you must be so happy ... Eva in the privacy of she own cubicle do not look so sure . a awkward silence . int . restaurant - later Eva return quietly to she seat . franklin well it 's never gonna change much ... I supply the canvas someone else paint the picture you know ? brian how about you Eva ? I guess the littlest hobo be ground for a while huh ? eva actually I be talk to marketing last week , they be propose a new guide ... afriwap , think it have a ring ... Franklin do not say anything but he eye show a combination of surprise and annoyance . eva of course it would not happen for a while ... int . the loft - early evening Eva slide the elevator gate open and step into the loft , it 's a bomb site , toy strewn everywhere , baby food splatter on the wall . eva siobhan ? o.s. mute cry from the other room , but not kevin' . Eva follow the sound , bend to pick up siobhan 's chinese scarf from the floor , it 's tear to shred . 43 . Eva enter the bedroom , siobhan lean over Kevin ( almost one and a half now ) on the change table she hair tangle and catch in Kevin 's vice - like grip . she slowly manage to extricate herself . siobhan ( wiping away a tear ) I be sure he 's old enough to know how much that hurt . Eva grimace . eva ( placate ) let I make you a coffee . int . kitchen - later siobhan emerge from the bathroom . she 's straighten herself up but still look like shit . much thin than she be before and with dark circle under she eye . she sit down at the table and stir she coffee . o.s. next door Kevin have find a rattle and he xylophone and begin a hideous discordant clanking . siobhan thanks ... oh by the way , we be almost out of baby food . eva again ? siobhan ( almost tearful ) it do not all go in he mouth you know ! a uncomfortable silence . o.s . the xylophon stop replace by a high pitch wail . Eva and siobhan look at each other but neither make a move from the table . siobhan ( open the floodgates ) Eva , I be knacker ... Eva sag , she know what 's come next . 44 , siobhan -..- I mean you will need someone else when you move to the burb anyway . Eva 's throw for a moment , the burb ? eva ( a little desperately ) would you like more money ? siobhan the pay great Eva ... I just can not do it anymore ... every morning I wake up ... int . view from the window , tribeca loft - a moment later . Eva watch as siobhan exit the apartment block frown and bite she nail , she hurry down the street , until she 's almost run . o.s. Kevin howl , Eva let 's he . int . kevin 's bedroom - day Eva study Kevin through the bar of he crib . he be stand up still howling and in a rage , though he cheek be dry and he black unnerve eye seem to directly meet she gaze . eva mommy be happy before widdle Kevin come awong , you know that do not you ? and now mommy wake up everyday and wish she be in France . mommy 's life suck now , do not mommy 's life suck ? do you know there be some day that mommy would rather be dead ? Rather than listen to you screech for one more minute , there be some day mommy would jump off the Brooklyn Bridge . you have get daddy snow but mommy 's get you number . you be a little shit be not you ? franklin ( 0.s. ) they understand speech long before they learn to talk . Eva turn to see Franklin stand in the doorway stare at she stony face . 45 . franklin I do not understand how you can stand there and watch he cry . he push past she and pick Kevin up , Kevin instantly quieten . eva Franklin ease up , I be only kid around ... I be blow off a little steam ok . siobhan the saint quit , hear that , siobhan quit ! franklin too bad , we will get someone else . Franklin walk towards the door , rock Kevin . eva look , I nil change he ... franklin you can steer clear until you get you mind right , or jump off a bridge , whichever come first . he stride off to the kitchen , Eva trail after he . eva anyway , what 's this about move to the suburb , since when ? franklin since , i quote , '' the little shit '' have get mobile ... that elevator 's a death trap . eva we can gate off the elevator ! franklin he need a yard , somewhere to toss a baseball , fill a pool ... eva but i love New York ! franklin you sound like a bumper sticker . you have have twenty year to do what you want and so have I ... 46 . eva well that 's great , I want to go to Africa and you want to go to New Jersey . franklin well you can not always get what you want . eva yeah right . you want a house . you want a yard . you want to coach fuck little league . franklin yeah that 's right . and there 's two of we and one of you . int . bedroom , the loft - morning Eva lie on she back , eye open , just about awake . o.s . the sound of the elevator gate slide open . franklin ( 0.s. ) see you tonight . he do not wait for a answer the gate close and the elevator descend . eva ( quietly , to herself ) bye . she do not sit up , just lie there , stare at the ceiling . something be different , something be miss . Eva sit up in bed . what be it ? she get up and pad into the hall . silence . she push open the door to Kevin 's room . he be sit up in he crib , a ring of discard toy chuck from it lie on the floor . Kevin 's thin pointy face regards Eva stoically . his mouth close . Silent . Eva look at he for a moment , open she mouth to say something but be at a loss for word . 47 . int . the loft - later Eva stand at the stove fix coffee , she feel eye on she back and turn . Kevin sit in the centre of the room surround by ignore toy stare at she silently . eva hungry ? no sign of a response , Kevin stare blankly into the air , freeze like a shop dummy . int . the loft - later a shiny red ball roll slowly across the floorboard and come to rest between Kevin 's splay leg . eva Roll the ball to mommy Kevin . no response . eva Kevin roll the ball to mommy ... he look at Eva blankly for a moment then turn away , disinterested . int . doctor foulkes surgery . the doctor hold a finger in front of Kevin 's fathomless eye , they follow it lazily . dr foulkes ( 0.s. ) ....- none of the tell tale sign ... the rock . int . the nursery - day Eva sit cross -legge on the floor read from a lovingly homemade child 's book , Eva have at least find some release for she creative instinct . eva ( try hard ) E be for elephant ... ( more ) 48 . eva ( cont would ) large as a house , he 's as big as can be , not small like a mouse ... can you say elephant Kevin ? El - E - fant ... she look up ; Kevin sit a little way off , he back to she , motionless . eva Kevin ... Kevin , ( louder ) kevin ? he do eventually turn round but so laconically it 's hard to tell if he 's hear she or not . int . doctor foulkes surgery - day bcu light shine in kevin ear . dr foulkes ( 0.s. ) hear 's fine . int . the loft - day the red ball roll across the floor again , straight pass Kevin who seem totally oblivious to it 's existence ... eva say '' ball '' Kevin ... buh ... buh ... Ball . int . doctor surgery - day the doctor hairy hand insert a block into a slot puzzle . dr foulke ( 0.s. ) can you put the star in the star shape hole Kevin ? like this ? he demonstrate once more then hand the block to Kevin . eva I mean should not he be talk ? dr foulke .. there be no '' norm '' ... you should not worry too much ... they turn they attention back to Kevin , the puzzle in front of he have be complete flawlessly . 49 , dr foulke see ? int . the bathroom , the loft - morning the shower curtain slide back , Eva step out and fumble for a towel . she look up , Kevin stand in the doorway regard Eva 's naked body with vacant disinterest . she cover herself unsuccessfully with a tiny hand towel , unaccountably embarrassed . eva when do you learn to walk exactly ? int . doctor surgery - day foulke pick up one of Kevin 's arm and let go , it flop down to he side like a wet noodle . dr foulke ( bemuse ) he 's a floppy little boy , be not he ?... but there 's nothing wrong with he . Kevin stare out of the window , seemingly oblivious . int . the loft - day Eva bend down , smile broadly she try once more ... wave the ball in the air in front of Kevin before roll it slowly towards he . eva Roll it back Kevin ... roll it back ... and miraculously he do , straight towards she . she catch it and clap she hand with excitement . eva yay ... that 's it , that 's it ! she roll it towards he again . Kevin look down at the ball rest between he leg then back up at Eva , he face sombre . eva Roll it back Kevin ! 50 . nothing . int . loft - day . eva ( she kiddy voice become more and more force ) ok Kevin , it 's time for we juice ! Eva glance at he and sigh , she set down the cup , he seem so under stimulate , she walk to the corner of the room and wheel the dusty tv out . eva I hate to do this to you but ... she pick Kevin up and plonk he down in front of it . a kid animation burst onto the screen . she turn up the volume . leave Kevin to watch she go back to fetch he juice from the counter . the kid show seem to bombard the room , it 's hyperactive and irritate , it pound through she head and she grimace . kevin ( 0.s. ) I do not like that . Eva look up at Kevin in total astonishment , the back of he head illuminate by the screen . she rush over , crouching down to face he . eva what do you say ? Kevin 's gaze be still firmly fix on the tv screen . eva Kevin honey , what do not you like ? he bat he hand against the tv set and Eva marvel . kevin I do not like that . turn it ov . eva jeez , a kid with good taste . 51 . she turn off the tv and grab a infant picture book from the floor , hurriedly flick through the page . eva look Kevin ... flo -wer ... Flow -er. Kevin look at mommy , look . say ... track -tor . track-tor . kevin I do not like that . she turn he to face she and place both she hand on he shoulder . Kevin 's pierce eye fix on hers . eva Kevin , honey . can you say mommy ? he stare at she solemnly . she point to herself . eva mom-mi .... Mom - mis . say mommi Kevin . his expression remain immutable . kevin no . int . franklin and eva' bedroom - night Franklin lie in bed grin broadly as Eva undress . franklin wow , complete sentence straight off the bat ? I have read late bloomer can be incredibly bright . they be perfectionist . do not want to try it out until they have get it right . int . the loft - day Eva sit at the table try to concentrate on some proofs from work . Kevin sit behind she on the floor , surround by a ring of toy . he pick they up one by one , examine each briefly before fling they across the room with all he might . kevin I don like that ... I don like that ... I do not like that ... 52 . Eva throw down the page she 's look at , she 's drive to distraction ... she do not like that much either . o.s. the elevator arrive . kevin I don like da .... with a conspiratorial glance at Eva he fall completely silent . franklin damn elevator ... hey guy what 's up ? he squat down next to Kevin . franklin and do you learn any new word today , huh ? can you say daddy ? say daddy Kevin . Kevin shake he head once , he mouth stay resolutely shut . ext . central park - day eva be sit on a bench , Kevin face she in the buggy , eyeing she moodily . she produce a packet of cookie from she baby bag and hold one out to he . kevin I do not like that . eva ( completely exasperate ) what do you like , Kevin ? with a glaze disinterested expression , slowly turn away . int - bathroom - night . Eva lie against Franklin in the bath . he suddenly slide up into sit position so she have to sit up too . franklin two month ?... he 's only a baby ! Franklin step out of the bath and wrap a towel round he waist . 53 . eva he 's almost three now . franklin and who 's gonna look after he ? eva you say you be work too hard , you could take a break ... anyway ... I think you want to spend more time with he . ext . somewhere in africa - day traveling through a cloud of red dust ... a dream like quality .... where be we ? o.s. a loud honk . the dust clear revealing a placid cow stand stare almost straight at you . eva hang onto the side bar in the passenger seat of a land Rover , a young guide , the driver honk the horn again several time but the cow just blink at they . eventually it shuffles off and the jeep pull away , cruise through the dusty expanse . franklin phone voice ( 0.s. ) Kevin .... say hi to mommy .... c’mon Kevin ... do not you wa not to talk to mommy ? oooff ... ( muffle and two octave higher after a punch in the nut from Kevin ) easy tiger . eva phone voice ( 0.s. ) I do not know what I be think ... it 's shoot trip for sick millionaire or stay in a mud hut ... and the political situation 's fuck . I be gonna cut my loss and come home .... Franklin ? Franklin ?... shit. 54 . ext . passing through a village ... later Eva lock eye with a beautiful African woman who 's sit by the side of the road , suckling she naked child , despite the squalor , it seem like the most natural thing in the world , she look like a serene madonna . her two other small child make up a game of roll a old tyre with a stick . Eva smile at the woman who do not smile back , yet she gaze seem to penetrate , make Eva uncomfortable . the woman bat fly away from the baby 's mouth without drop she soulful eye . the child chase the tyre scream and whooping in ecstatic delight . int . airport - day Eva run into the grubby airport , drop she bag at she foot as she look up at the departure board , panel flip over like cascade domino ...‘ delaye 's ' delaye 's ' delaye 's . no air-con , wait passenger bat away fly , dishevel in the intense heat . Eva cover in a film of sweat , find the only work vend machine , no water leave , only fanta orange . she take a slug from the drink . it 's warm and she almost spit it over the floor . int . JFK airport - day . Eva 's foot pound across the airport floor . she crouch down and tear spring to she eye as she pull Kevin towards she and hug he tightly , he arm remain at he side and he 's floppy like a rag doll in she embrace . eva I miss you so much ... mommy 's never go to go away for this long again . Kevin seem to get floppier still , he head loll back over she arm until he 's almost horizontal , she pull away from he and ruffle he hair . wiping she cheek , she stand up and hug Franklin , they kiss passionately . Kevin stamp he foot and begin to make a loud moo sound , he tug at Franklin 's hand . Franklin pull away from the she . 55 . eva look Kevin . mommy 's get you a present . she pull a huge wild look African wooden mask from a carrier bag , wave it in front of he , Kevin be uninterested . franklin it might take a while Eva ... kid this age ... they think you be never come back . Kevin haul Franklin by the leg . kevin urghh ... urghh Franklin laugh . franklin hey I know what you want kid , cheese doodle ! Kevin stamp up and down . int . frankline pick up - day Kevin shoot Eva a crafty orange smile and fist a cheese doodle into she lap . kevin mommer farted !.. it stink . eva do not crumble they all over truck honey . franklin c'mon Eva , kid be messy , loosen up ... int . junior restaurant - day a teenage waitress with a raise brown birthmark on she cheek scribbles in she order pad . waitress Garden salad , house dress on the side . 56 . kevin nyeh nyeh , nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh . waitress a portion of onion ring . kevin nyeh , nyeh , nyeh , nyeh , nyeh . waitress and a cheese burger . kevin nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh . waitress ( look like she have rather kill he ) what a cute little boy . the waitress move to take a order from another table . eva how long have this be go on ? kevin nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh franklin it 's just a phase . he ’1ll grow out of it . Eva put she hand over franklin' . eva look while I be away . I have a lot of time to think , I do not feel I be do either ' a wing and a prayer 's or motherhood right ... kevin nyeh , nyeh , nyeh , nyeh ... eva maybe it 's time to focus more on Kevin . kevin nyeh , nyeh , nyeh , nyeh ... 57 . eva work can take a back seat . I be think at least till he 's in first grade . kevin nyeh , nyeh , nyeh , nyeh , nyeh . nyeh . the waitress return with a tray and set down they food . Kevin scrutinize she birthmark . kevin that lady have poop on she face . Eva look at the young waitress apologetically . kevin why do not you clean you face , it 's poopy ? eva I be so sorry I ... the waitress smile but she face turn bett red . waitress I will be right back with you dress . Eva watch as she walk back towards the kitchen with she head bow , nervously pull strand of hair over she face . Eva reel back to face Kevin . eva Kevin , that be not very nice . kevin nyeh nyee nyeh nyeh nyeh . franklin can we not ruin we first afternoon together ? anyway ... I have a kind of a announcement to make myself . I buy we a house . eva you buy we a house ? kevin nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh - nyee 58 . eva you do not find one for I to look at ? it 's a do deal ? kevin nyeh , nyeh , nyeh .. eva Kevin stop it . that 's enough . let mommer and daddy talk . kevin nyeh nyeh nyee ! ... eva Kevin quit it ! kevin nyeh - nyeh nyeh - nyeh ! franklin you be only make it worse ... look if I do not pounce it be go to be snap up by somebody else . besides you be not interested . I think you have be pleased , glad it 's over . eva there 's only so pleased I can get about something that be not my idea in the first place . kevin nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeee eva Kevin I mean it . if you do not stop nyeh - nyeh we be leave . kevin nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh NYE ... nyeh nyeh nyeh - nyeh nyeh nyee ! eva stop it ! she lean over the table and rap he on the hand . Kevin almost smile for a moment , satisfied ? then he lip start to quiver and he face crumple up . kevin whhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! 59 . Franklin glare at she . eva I be sorry ... I be just tired . I be pleased ... I can not wait to see it . kevin nyeh nyeh -nyee ... nyeh nyeh nyeh .... nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeh nyehnyee . int . frankline pick up , nyack - day Franklin drive down palisade parade . they pass a row of house , each more revolting and soulless than the next . mock tudor , a asian style monstrosity , elizabethan , mock , mock , mock . Eva look at they with grow concern . not that one , not that one , please not that one . eva so what 's it like ? franklin wait and see ... she gulp . they turn off into a driveway the ranch house loom into view . a modern flat roofed structure of glass and sandy brick , it look like a institution . she hate it on sight ... the opposite of everything she have want in a home . someone else 's dream home . int . new house - day the front door swing open , Franklin beam . franklin do not tell I this be not dramatic . eva I be dumbstruck . Kevin look around glumly , he slacken on Franklin 's hand until he 's a dead weight . franklin wanna go explore ? 60 . Kevin let go of Franklin 's hand and plod off unenthusiastically , reach the middle of the immense live room he plop himself down limply on the polished floorboard with a glaze expression . for the first time Eva can relate to he , she feel like do the same thing . Eva look round the huge teak panell space ... not a door in sight ... everything open-plan , nowhere to hide . franklin you have get to see the master bedroom , the skylight 's be spectacular . eva ( brightly , force ) skylight ! int . the elevator , loft - day Eva stand in the elevator , a last box of odd and end in she hand , she look around the empty space ruefully , it 's like say goodbye to a old friend . she pull the hand crank and start to descend , disappear from view . int . ' ranch house 's nyack - moving in day squirt . a jet of water splashes onto the crotch of a pair of jeans . kevin you peed you pants . two skinny leg and a skinny body stick out from underneath the huge scary look African carve wooden mask . Kevin look like a dement voodoo doll in diaper . he hold a squirt gun in one hand and wave it threateningly at the removal man who he 's just soak . the guy 's powerless to avoid he , clutching a heavy tea chest . eva Kevin , stop squirting the nice removal man , they be only try to help . Kevin aim the gun at another removal man 's butt . 61 . eva I tell you to stop it ! he drench the man 's butt . kevin you peed you pants ! eva Kevin , I be not go to tell you again ! she chase after he as he thud past the man . eva Kevin if you squirt anybody one more time . I be take the gun away ! he sprint past the removal guy he 's just soak so she can not get close enough to grab he , then turn back to she wave the gun in the air , he eye glisten gleefully through the intimidating wooden face . kevin nyeh - nyeh ? nyeh nyeh nyeh nyee - nyeh nyeh nyeh nyeeeeeee ! he turn and thud off round the corner , out of sight . int . kitchen , ranch house - day Kevin eye Eva moodily as she put he confiscate squirt gun out of reach on top of a cupboard . int . live room to kitchen —- continuous - day . Eva struggle into the kitchen with a box of pot and pan , Kevin be perch precariously , stand on the second shelf of a open cupboard , pose as if wait to have he picture take , he hand fumble for he gun . eva hold it right there mister . freeze ! she wait underneath he , prepare for a fall , he 's too high for she to grab . eva Franklin !.... quick . 62. Franklin enter and pull Kevin down but not before he 's snatch he squirt gun back . eva Kevin 's be very very bad , we be go to have to take that gun away for a long time . franklin aw , you have earn it have not you kiddo . ( ruffling he hair ) man that climb take gut , real little monkey be not you ? Kevin shrug away from he dad 's hand . kevin ( deadpan ) I be the little monkey . he stride out of the room , gun swinging at he side , with the nonchalance of a airline hijacker . int . kitchen - day Kevin be sit at the table , systematically pull all the stuff out of a fluffy rabbit through a small hole in it 's ear . Eva put a sandwich down in front of he . eva you must be hungry work so hard ? he do not look up . kevin no . later . o.s. the toilet flush as Eva emerge from the bathroom . she look at the kitchen table ; the sandwich have go and so have Kevin . huh ? so that 's how it work . int . the only rectangular room in the new house - day b.c.u . Eva 's hand smooth down a beautiful vintage map of Asia , as she pastes it like wallpaper to the wall and stand back to admire the effect . a pile of old map , plane ticket and postcard sit next to she on the floor . this be gonna look cool . 63 . Kevin grunt and she feel he eye boring into she as he stand watch she lean slackly in the doorway . eva ( as she select another map ) everyone need a room of they own . you know how you have you room . well this be mommer 's room ... you 'il see , you may want to make you room special some day and I 'il help you if you like . kevin what do you mean special ? eva so it look like you personality . kevin what personality ? eva I think you know what I mean . kevin I have to put junk on the wall ? eva unless you have rather not . kevin I would rather not . Eva sigh . eva great , we have find one more thing you do not want to do . Kevin 's face screw up a little , a odd expression follow by a smile ... and a stink . eva oh you have not ... I only just change you . Kevin grin with satisfaction . 64 . int . ranch house - day Franklin have he head in a kitchen cupboard , fix child lock to the door . Eva struggle to fit a beloved old dresser into the next room , the space have no flat wall , nothing fit and the dilapidate dresser look out of place amongst all the fresh , clean wood panell . eva Christ do not this place have any corner ? int . the pickup parked outside a strip mall - day Eva wait in the car with Kevin , look at a row of phoney shop front . a huge couple pass by stuff they face with burrito . eva look at the roly - polly Kevin . she only get a scowl in return . Franklin appear , he arm full of shiny new kitchen equipment . eva have you see '' ye olde sandwich shoppe '' ? must have be build all of six month ago . franklin you be such a snob sometimes ... ext . ranch house driveway - day Eva help to carry the new stuff into the house , she pass a brim dumpster . her old dresser lie amongst the funky old pot and pan from the loft , she antiquated food mixer ... she smile wistfully . int . corridor - day o.s. Kevin can be hear smash something up in he room . Eva put down a pb and J in front of the door as she pass . 65 . later Eva pass Kevin 's door again , she arm load with laundry . the plate be empty , a few crumb remain . Christ it 's like feed a dog . int . eva 's new study - day bcu a drill whine as it bore into the doorway of the study . Eva look up with satisfaction from she wallpaper pasting , ( she 's cover about half the room with map now . ) | a carpenter hang a door , pretty much the only one in the house . he demonstrate the finish touch , a large smoothly function bolt . Kevin sit in the corridor watch broodily . int . kitchen - day Eva have she back turn to Kevin do laundry . kevin I have poope . Eva turn to he with a bright smile which instantly fall from she face . he 's shit all over the kitchen floor the poo cling and run down he leg . eva shit ! he shoot she a little grin . a moment later a pair of little leg be yank from the ground , the shitty short dangle from he foot , then drop to the floor . Eva plonk he in the sink and wash he perfunctorily . he seem to be enjoy it , Eva be not . 66 . int . the kitchen —- morning Eva stumble into the kitchen , still half asleep . she start to fumble around - find thing to fix coffee . every door be clipped with a safety guard nothing open properly . eva crap . o.s. Franklin and Kevin in the bathroom . franklin ( 0.s . ) Kevin honey ? look at daddy , see how he pee-pee in the pooper - dooper ?... Eva roll she eye , fat chance ... she pass the open doorway , she can see Kevin watch he father . franklin ( 0.s. ) you could do that too ... piddle widdle in the toilet huh ? Kevin roll he eye lazily toward Eva . a expression flick across he face , Eva can not be sure but it look suspiciously like . '' what a asshole ? '' . int . bedroom - night Franklin be in bed , he hand behind he head . Eva undress . franklin Jesus why could not he just suck he thumb or something ... Eva sigh . she take she bra off and slip into bed beside he . int . eva 's new study - day Eva pastes the last plane ticket into place on the wall and stand back brush she hand together with satisfaction , map and memorabilia cover every inch of the wall , even the ceiling , it look fantastic . kevin all this squiggy square of paper . they be dumb . 67 . eva I like they . he stamp he foot . kevin they be dumb . the door bell ring . int . hallway - day a heavily coiffure woman mary woolford , stand at the door hold a home baked pie . mary woolford . a little something to introduce you into we community . Mary present the pie whilst have a good nose into the live room . eva oh ...how thoughtful . Eva wipe she pasty hand on she overall , try to straighten she hair . mary woolford ( look Eva up and down ) wow , you look pretty snow under ... we have get a little playgroup go on at my place if you little boy would like to join . eva ( distractedly ) sure ... yeah that sound fun . mary woolford . every Thursday 2 - 4 pm at my place . the kid really enjoy it and it give the Mom 's a break . Eva look up the stair . it 's quiet , too quiet . eva sorry ... ( indicate upstairs ) I gotta go . 68 . mary woolford ( slightly offended ) sure ... I can see you be busy . Eva close the door and roll she eye , head up the stair . eva hey kid , when you be this quiet , you make I nervous .. she push the study door open . the expression on she face change instantly , she look at the room in horror . the wall be spidery with red and black ink , the ceiling too , cover all four wall in little circular and zig - zag direction . Kevin be stand on the desk , bent over in concentration ; drain the last of the red ink from the bottle and pour it intently into the barrel of he gun , the ink spill over onto the already splatter oak desk , he hand be drench . he sense Eva stand watch he but he do not look up . kevin ( quietly ) now ... it 's special . Eva be completely awestruck . she snatch the gun from he and throw it on the floor , stamp on it hard until it 's in bit and the ink have ruin she pretty yellow pump . int . eva' car , outside mary woolford 's place - day kid 's pile out of the house . Kevin sullenly get into the car . eva do you have fun ? nothing . int . the lounge - day Eva 's on the phone . 69 . mary woolford ( phone voice ) sorry Eva , but kindergarten 's only a couple of week away , we just could not make up the number anymore ... eva ( slightly quizzically ) ok ... sure , thanks for all you help anyway , it 's be great ... ok ... bye . she round the corner . Kevin stand by the window force half a sandwich into he mouth in one go , like a starve animal . eva hungry huh ? he look up at she dolefully , spit the half - masticate sandwich out into he hand and mash it into the window pane , it stick there . Kevin walk off . int . the kitchen - day Eva search through the annoyingly lock cupboard for something and pull out Mary 's tacky , ‘home sweet home 's decorate pie dish , she 's forget to return it . eva crap . ext . mary 's house - day Eva approach the front door carry the pie dish , she notice a few extra car park up outside . she ring the bell and the door open . eva hey Mary , just think I have return this ... sorry it 's be so long ... she stop , over Mary 's shoulder she can see the lounge full of mother and young child , play group be evidently still run , just without Kevin . Mary smile broadly but she pale neck blotches bright red . 70 . mary woolford oh ... thanks Eva , that 's ... great . a awkward silence . eva well I guess I ’1ll see you at '' Love and learn '' soon . mary woolford sure , take care ... and thanks again . she close the door . ext . love and learn kindergarten - day . Eva jump out of the car and rush through the brightly color playground , hold she careworn diaper bag . int . love and learn , kindergarten classroom - day miss fabricant ( frumpish , thirty ) and Eva stand at the classroom door . Eva hold a freshly - bag messy diaper at arm length . violetta , a shy little girl with a bad case of eczema hang onto miss fabricant , hide in she skirt . miss fabricant +.. sorry about this Eva ... the other child be start to complain about the smell . visible over her shoulder ... a prissy little girl , muffet show the rest of the class a delicate china tea set . she hand cup out to the little group sit around she , include Kevin . muffet . one for you ... and one for you . back on eva eva it 's just that this be the third time today , could not you ... ms . farbricant ( 0.s. ) I be sorry but it 's the law I could get in a heap of trou .... ( more ) 71 . ms . farbricant ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) ( turn she attention to violetta whose itching at she scab ) ... do not scratch honey you know it make it worse . eva ( 0.s. ) I know a lot of the other mother live closer by , it take I a while to get here . ms . farbricant ( 0.s. ) actually , we do not really have other mother in this situation . in the background . Kevin hold he tea cup up in mid air almost as if to propose a toast ... except that he let it crash to the floor . both Eva and miss fabricant turn round , a moment stunne silence then muffet start to shriek as the rest of the kid follow Kevin 's example and let they teacup fall and smash , one after the other . int . car - day Eva drive distractedly , Kevin strapped in the seat next to she . eva that be not very nice Kevin ... break muffet 's tea cup . kevin she 's get a dumb name . eva that do not mean she deserve ... kevin ( lamely ) it slip . eva sure Kevin . how would you like it if you bring something you really care about to school and somebody smashed it up ? kevin like what ? eva like ... 72 . she close she mouth , Kevin smile triumphantly , she can not think of a damn thing . int . dinner , the ranch house - evening eva .-- in flood of tear , absolutely inconsolable ... Franklin push away he empty plate , lean back in he chair . franklin ( about to brush it off ) well ... Eva throw he a look , " we have discuss the ' united front 's thing '' . franklin ( change tack ) look kev ... I know tea cup be girly and sissy but do not break ‘em ok ? it 's uncool ... Kevin nod dourly . franklin ok ! fancy some frisbee ... work on that bank shot ? kevin ( uncannily , eerily like a kid from a cereal commercial ) sure dad ! they bounce off together . CUT to : Eva watch through the glass door . Kevin be useless despite practice . limp , hook throw that always fall ten foot short of Franklin ... who in turn be tireless in run to pick they up . a patience that beg to be test . ext . love and learn kindergarten - day summer , nearly the end of term . Eva wait with the other mother as the kid come out of school . 73 . she notice the unmistakable bulge of a diaper on a few of the kid where there have be none before . soon , most of the kid be go , Kevin have not materialize . int . kindergarten hallway - day a concerned look miss fabricant be search the building . miss fabricant I be so sorry Eva , I be sure he 's around here somewhere ... she scurries off to check the bathroom . miss fabricant ( 0.s. ) ( relieved ) here he be ! o.s. a scream . Eva run to the bathroom door . Kevin have he back to they , whisper to violetta , ( the little girl with eczema . ) she have she eye close , she expression ecstatic ... and she be scratch herself to ribbon , blood run freely from the hundred of scab she have scratch off she body drip slowly onto she white ankle sock . int . kitchen - night Franklin bang a glass down on the counter and pour himself a generous scotch . Eva sit at one end of they new , white sofa . franklin he 's not she minder Eva , he 's a kid . eva he could have call someone , could not he ? before it go too far . franklin for christsake how 's he suppose to recognize what ' too far 's be , when all she 's do be scratch ! none of which explain why you let he squish around the house , all afternoon from the look of he , plaster in shit ... ( more ) 74 . franklin ( cont would ) do it occur to you that if this little scene be all that terrible , then he might be a little traumatize himself . eva he be not traumatize , he be smug . franklin what be wrong with you ?... he move to sit down next to she but almost land on a huge smear of shit streak down the sofa . franklin shit . he jump up and plop himself down at the far end , he hand to he forehead . franklin look I be get pretty sick of this ... and not because of Kevin . silence . Eva and Franklin sit at opposite end of the sofa , no eye contact . the shit -smear draw a divide line between they . int . kevin 's playroom , summer - day Kevin be slump on the floor as Eva , knelt in front of he open the page of a book . eva ok , let work on we number ! kevin what for ? eva well you remember yesterday , mommer pay the bill ? you have to be able to add and subtract to pay bill . kevin you use a calculator . eva well you have to know arithmetic to be sure the calculator be right . 75 . kevin why would you use it at all if it do not always work . eva it always work . kevin so you do not need arithmetic . eva ( flustered ) to use a calculator , you still have to know what a five look like , alright ?... now let practise we count . what come after three . kevin Seven . eva what come after nine . kevin fifty three . Kevin stare at Eva in the eye lifelessly and drone in a fast forward monotone . kevin Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnin eteneleventwelve ... he count up to fifty , hardly pause for breath . kevin now can we quit ? Eva look stunne , she feel foolish . she sit down beside he and scrawl a bunch of number on a piece of paper . eva there ! add that up then ! and multiply it by twenty five while you be at it , since you think you be so smart ! she go to hand he the paper . smell something . eva you do not . 76 . he look at she , smile . a few minute later ; on the change table . Eva remove the stinky diaper . she somewhat gruffly lift he ankle . set out the fresh one under he butt . her eye catch on he . she study he . he seem to be enjoy it . eva be you have a laugh out of this ? be you ? he do not answer . she finish taping the diaper side , and yank up he pants , put he on the floor and turn to wipe she hand . o.s. a squelchy , farting sound . the unmistakable smell . she turn round , Kevin grin up at she . eva ( scream ) how do you do it ! you hardly eat anything , where do it come from ?! Eva be livid , she grab he , drag he towards the change table , she lose it and before she know it she 's throw he towards it . he sail though the air as if in slow motion and land with a dull thud against the edge of the stainless steel table . his head at a quizzical tilt , he look at she as if he be finally interested in something . Kevin 's arm be splay at a odd angle . Eva look terrify . he do not cry . int . hospital corridor - day Eva , Kevin and dr goldblatt walk down the long corridor . Kevin have a haughty expression on he face , he bravely hold he arm , a towel wrap around it . Eva have she hand on he shoulder but he shrug it off . they stop in front of the orthopedic surgeon 's examine room . Eva be about to walk in with they . Kevin abruptly turn to she . 77 . kevin I can see the doctor by myself . eva do not you want I to keep you company honey ... in case it hurt ? kevin you can wait out there . dr goldblatt that 's quite a little man you have get there Eva ... sound like you get you order . int . hospital waiting room - day Eva . a guilt sign be practically light up over she head . she glance at the floor , terrify to make eye contact with anyone . hour later Eva sit in the same position , wait . she hold a tissue that she 's tear to tatter . suddenly , Doctor goldblatt and Kevin - in a freshly mint cast , emerge . Eva swallow hard , and desperately try to read they face before talk . dr . goldblatt well . pause . eva yes ? dr . goldblatt I have get to tell you this , Eva ... Eva blanch . ( beat ; smile ) this be one brave young man you have here . eva oh. yes . she place she hand delicately on the doctor arm . 78 . eva ( gush ) thank you , thank you so much Dr goldblatt . int . eva 's car - day eva ( in bit ) what mommer do be very , very wrong . and she 's so , so sorry . Kevin sit up front , he say nothing , he expression aloof , the finger of he plaster right arm tuck napoleonically into he shirt . int . live room . Eva hold the front door open as Kevin walk in . Kevin head straight for the kitchen , Eva meekly follow . Franklin have he back turn , slather some peanut butter onto a cracker , he turn to face they stuff it into he mouth . franklin Jesus , kev !. he swallow hard without chew . he brushes the crumb from he hand hastily and plunge to he knee before Kevin . kevin I break my arm . franklin I can see that . how have that happen ? Eva look flushed and woozy ... about to confess . kevin I fall . Eva stare at Kevin in disbelief . franklin where would you fall ? 79 . kevin I have poopy pants . mommer go to get more wipe . I fall off the change table onto my tonka truck . mommer take I to doctor goldbutt . franklin gosh ... that must have hurt ! eva the orthopedist say it be pretty clean and should mend well . Kevin and Eva look at each other as if sealing the pact . franklin be you go to let I sign you cast ? kevin sure dad ! but first I get to go to the bathroom . he saunter off with he free hand swinging . Eva look round she franklin ( quietly ) do I just hear right ? eva guess so . exhaust , close to tear . Franklin put he arm shoulder . franklin man , that must have give you a scare . eva it be all my fault . franklin no mother can watch they kid every second . she squirm . eva yes ... but I should have ... Franklin raise he forefinger . 80. franklin sh-sh ! a delicate trickle emerge from the hall bathroom . franklin ( whisper ) what do you think do the trick , just the shock ... or do you think he 's scared of landing back on that change table ? Eva shrug ... Jesus . ext . friendly 's restaurant - day Kevin stuff he mouth with a giant banana split sundae . he whittles it down in workman- like fashion . across from he , Eva sit contritely . eva how be it ? Kevin nod without look up . he keep eat . int . eva 's car - day eva do you mind if we stop off at the store honey ? kevin I wanna go home . eva ( swallow ) Home it be then . int . hall , outside kevin' bedroom - night Eva tentatively knock on Kevin 's door . kevin not yet ! she wait outside for a long moment . kevin ok . 81 . Eva enter the room , Kevin be sit on top of he bed . he be dress awkwardly . one arm in the sleeve of he pyjama top , the other underneath it . she kiss Kevin 's forehead , he wipe it off . eva I love you , kiddo . kevin nyeh nyee nyeh , nyeh - nyeeeeh ! int . eva and frankline bedroom - summer afternoon . Eva wander round the room on the phone . eva and how about japwap ? we be gonna need ... oh it 's already do ... oh great .. and the update for europe ? really ? that 's fantastic ... Eva 's face do not look so fantastic , she pass a frame photo , she favorite , show a much young , fresher and enthusiastic Eva on a trip to Holland , she grimace at it . eva ... well I guess that 's it for now , do not hesitate to call if you need anything ... thanks Sally , bye . she hang up look a little lose , surplus to requirement . she look down at the yard outside . Franklin whoops as Kevin , he arm now out of the cast , lamely throw the ball into he mitt . Eva 's face reflect in the glass , she press she hand against the pane . int . eva 's car , after school run - day Eva , bored , stick in a row of yummy mommy in they people carrier and suv 's . Kevin equally bored , strapped in the back . o.s. construction noise . she glance out the window . 82. eva ( under she breath ) Jesus .. just what we need ... another pottery barn . she yawn and flick on the C.D. player . elgar swim out and she close she eye for a minute savore the peace in the music . kevin I do not like that , turn it off . Eva sigh and flick the music off , resignedly . a long boring silence , intersperse with beep horn and construction . eva ( brightly , force ) what shall we do when we get home ? no response . she sigh . eva shall we read a book ? kevin what if the book be boring . eva then we will find a different one . kevin what if they be all boring . eva I do not think that 's possible Kevin . kevin I think it 's possible . eva when you grow up you 'il need a job and then you 's 1ll have to be able to read and write really well or no one will want to hire you . kevin dad do not write . he drive around and take picture . 83. eva there be other job . kevin what if I do not want a job ? eva then you have have to go on welfare . the government would give you just a little money but not enough to do anything fun . kevin what if I do not want to do anything ? eva I bet you will . kevin I think I want to go on welfare . int . eva' inky study - day man 's voice ( 0.s. ) you tell you kid it 's not funny ! o.s. muffled heat voice . Eva listen from the study ... she walk to the landing , peer downstairs . Franklin hold the door open to roger corley , flushed and sweat , slightly ridiculous in he tight short and expensive cycle shoe that leave he pigeon to . franklin I be sorry rog ... maybe trent be fool around with the release himself and do not wanna take the rap . do not mean my kid have to . ok ? the front door close , hard . int . inky study - later Franklin hang in the door frame . franklin what a dick ... 84. eva be the kid alright ? franklin yeah , he will be fine , unless he inherit he dad 's dress sense . ( look around ) when be you gonna let I paint this room ? eva ( shrugging ) I do not know , I be get to like it , kinda Jackson pollack ... be you gonna talk to Kevin or shall I ? franklin what for ? can not see he 's do anything wrong ... Franklin wander off down the hall . Eva 's face , you never do . int . the kitchen - later Eva fix dinner , Kevin skulk around behind she . eva you friend trent hurt himself quite bad , he will be alright but maybe you can make he a get well card . Kevin shrug ... walk off . kevin yeah well ... he think he 's so cool with that bike . Eva 's face . bike ? I do not say bike . int . live room - evening Franklin slouches next to Eva on the couch , Kevin sit on the floor in front of they . braveheart be play on the tv , the climactic scene ... mel be tie to the rack , slowly be eviscerate . 85 . Eva squeal and hold she hand over she eye . through she finger she notice Kevin look up at the screen casually , with no sign of reaction . he 's more absorb in coloring all the white square on a crossword in black . she turn to Franklin who 's virtually asleep and look cute as a button . eva hey ... no response , she nudge he . franklin cf ( come to ) wha ? eva what do you think about have another one ? he sit up sharply . int . kitchen - night Franklin load the dishwasher moodily , he tone hushed but force . franklin «+- you get to be kid .. after the way it 's go to want to do it again ? eva the way it 's go ? franklin you have complain about the poor kid at every stage of the game . eva that 's not fair . yes , he 's be difficult ... franklin he 's not difficult . he 's a boy eva I think you have be overjoy . 86 . franklin overjoyed ? I be shocked . I be do what I can to make up for ... sorry if this hurt ... you coldness but I be damned if I be go to let you freeze out another kid of mine . Eva look stunne . Franklin slam the dishwasher shut with a air of finality . int . lot of school yard - day mother 's hang in gaggling group outside the school exchange gossip and one- upmanship over they gorgeous child . Eva sit in the car observe from a safe distance . noisy kid pour into the yard . a cute little girl run straight to she wait mother , wave a piece of paper . little girl mommee !... mommee ... the kid hold up a pretty colorful draw , point enthusiastically ... little girl see that 's you and that 's daddy ... the mom lift the kid into she arm . mom that 's just wonderful darling ... Kevin appear and sullenly saunter towards Eva hold a couple of sheet of sugar paper . she brace herself and open the door for he . eva ( talk to Kevin voice ) hey kiddo what you get there ! he moodily hand she the drawing , the first a formless jag black and purple scribble . eva be that a storm honey ? Kevin shrug . the second one be almost exactly the same as the first . 87. eva wow that have so much energy ! int . bathroom - evening Eva brushes she tooth . franklin ( 0.s. ) ( sexily , from the bedroom ) hey ! get in here ... Eva rinse and spit . eva come .. she open the mirrore bathroom cabinet door and pick up the plastic box contain she diaphragm , look at it for a moment and then place it back on the shelf . she skip out of the bathroom , flick off the light . CUT to black . int - kitchen - evening Franklin and Kevin be sit finish dinner , Eva stand at the kitchen counter whistling cheerily , help herself to more moussaka . kevin mommer 's fat . Eva blow out she cheek . eva that 's right , I be a big fat pig oink oink ... Franklin look up at she , a pause , he full mouth fall open . int . bathroom - night Franklin behind Eva in the mirror as she wash she face . franklin ( furious but try to keep he voice down ) so when exactly be you plan to tell I ? 88. eva soon...now . he glare at she then storm out . franklin ( 0.s. ) well I know you do not give a shit what I think but could you at least tell I what this be about ? Eva glance up at she reflection in the mirror . Franklin be crash around in the bedroom . eva ( almost to herself ) I have to find something out . franklin ( 0.s. ) stupidest thing you could do to shore up a shaky marriage be have a baby ! eva be we marriage shaky ? franklin ( reappearing in the doorway ) you just shook it . int . kevin 's room - day Kevin sit at he play table systematically break each of the crayon in he set into piece . eva +.. so the daddy bear plant he seed in the momma bear and it grow into a egg and ... kevin be this about fuck ? eva better to call it ' sex 's Kevin . that other word be go to offend some people . kevin that 's what everybody call it . 89 . eva do you know what that mean ? Kevin roll he eye . kevin the boy put he pee-pee in the girl 's doo-doo . eva well mommer and daddy do that sometimes too . kevin what for ? eva well for one thing , so you could keep we company ... it might be nice for you to have some company too . have not you ever wish you have someone around the house to play with ? kevin no . eva how about a new little brother or sister ... you might find out you like it ? kevin what if I do not like it ? eva then you will get use to it . kevin just because you be use to something do not mean you like it .... ( snap the magenta crayon ) you be use to I . eva yes ... well ... in a few month we will all get use to someone new ! Kevin struggle manfully with a much short , and therefore harder to break piece of crayon . kevin you will be sorry . 90 . the crayon snap . int . den - early evening Eva pour herself a small glass of wine doodling on a pad playfully . Franklin and Kevin on the sofa glue to CNN ; the gulf war crisis . eva hey what about celia ... if it 's a girl ? franklin ( over he shoulder to Eva ) sure , whatever you want ... can you pour I a glass of that ? kevin why do not they just nuke ’em dad ? that would teach the raquis who 's boss ! Franklin can not help but laugh , he ruffle Kevin 's hair , Eva roll she eye . int . hospital - day Eva look glow and happy as the new baby suckle gently on she breast . a knock at the door . Franklin and Kevin enter . Kevin wear be ' I be a big brother T-shirt 's clearly fresh from the shop , he slouches at the side of the bed . Eva look at tiny celia in she arm with a dote expression . eva hey Kevin ... like to meet you little sister ? kevin why should I meet it ? it 's come home with we , be not it . that mean I ' 1l meet it everyday . he move moodily towards the pitcher of water beside Eva 's bed , he dip he hand in it and move towards the baby , splattering the drop from he finger in the baby 's eye with a clinical curiosity . 91 . celia twist , a little disconcert but do not cry . Eva glance at Franklin uncomfortably as Kevin dip he hand in the water again . Eva tactfully move she out of he reach . franklin c’mon kev , mom 's get to get dress , let go find some snack huh ? he lead Kevin away by the hand . int . bedroom - day celia 's little eyelash bat sleepily as Eva rock she gently in she arm , she tiny hand grip Eva 's thumb . Eva ecstatic , amaze , she hold celia comfortably , she round face and wisp of blond hair make she look more like Franklin 's child as she suckle quietly . the baby be do at she breast and she stand up , jiggling she a little and hold she over she shoulder to burp she . as she wander round the room , coo to celia , she notice a empty frame , the Amsterdam photo 's miss . she stop . eva Son of a .... fade to black . int . the kitchen - day - 4 yrs later celia now 4 year old and the cutest thing you have ever see lie placidly , not struggle , spread - eagle on she back . strip of duct tape pin she to the floor , another piece stick over she mouth ... it 's such a odd image , darkly humourous . eva ( 0.s. ) Jesus ! what the .... Eva bend down next to she and gently remove the tape from celia 's mouth . celia smile up at she . celia I and kewin where play kidnap ! 92 . eva ( aim she voice at the roof ) Kevin ! int . the kitchen - moment later celia stand freeze to the spot , she eye wide with fear , she hand extend away from she , palm upward . they be cover in flour . celia ( tremulous ) dry dirt ... mommy ... dry dirt . eva ( slightly exasperate ) oh come on celie , it 's only flour . Eva bend down and wipe celia 's hand . celia inspect they carefully . celia all go ? Eva nod . eva all go ... can you lay the table for I now honey ? celia nod happily and skip off to the table just as Kevin , ( now ten , but with the sullen moody air of a teenager ) skulk into the room . celia rush to he , throw she arm around he leg in a tight grip . celia kewin ! you my friend ! Kevin shove she away and slouches down at the table . kevin beat it celie , go get I a soda . celia dutifully run off to the fridge , return with a coke . kevin not that one you idiot , get I a Dr. pepper ... 93. she run off again , Eva roll she eye . celia here you be ! Kevin take he drink . kevin thanks celie ... know who else be thirsty ? celia shake she head warily . Kevin reach behind he and pick up the tube of the vacuum cleaner and flick on the switch , the machine come to life with a roar . kevin the vacuum monster ! a high pitch scream , celia tear across the room and cling on to Eva . celia momee ! momee ! Eva 's hand be full as she prepare dinner . eva for God 's sake Kevin will you cut it out ! o.s. the front door open . franklin ( 0.s. ) hey troops ! Kevin flick off the vacuum ; the wick expression on he face disappear , replace by a cheerful smile just as Franklin enter the room . kevin hi dad !... how be work today ?... do you take any picture of cool stuff ! any more load people 's house ? celia , breathlessly excited to see Franklin , run off and appear second later clutching a piece of paper . celia daddy , daddy , wanna see my picture ? Franklin pat she on the head as she proudly display she draw , he give it a cursory glance . 94 . franklin that 's nice hon . he instantly return he attention to Kevin , Eva can not help notice . franklin ( digging in he bag ) hey kev ... check this out , come out beautifully .... Kevin come over and look through the photo excitedly , a little too excitedly ? kevin gee dad ! if we bathroom 's ina toothpaste ad , do that make we famous . franklin just a little famous . Eva stand at the counter , flick through the paper Franklin 's bring home . '' office worker kill seven over missing pay check '' eva ( wisecrack ) to be really famous in this country , you have get to kill somebody . int . hall - middle of the night Eva snuggle in Franklin 's arm . the bedroom door swing open and celia appear shiver clutching she nightdress between she leg . celia mommee ? Franklin groan . Eva rouse . eva what 's the matter honey ? celia I be scared to go bathroom . Eva sigh . she get up and escort celia . 0.s . the sound of pee . Eva return a moment later , slip back into bed . 95 . franklin ( sleepily ) Jesus ... you have to stop coddle she . int . the kitchen - day Eva sit at the table read . o.s. wailing from celia . she walk into the room brandish a pink plastic " my Little pony '' it 's face and hair twisted and matte , melt after be hold over a flame . eva Kevin ! no response . Eva tut and get up . eva Kevin , how many time have I tell you to leave celie 's stuff alone ... she pad up the stair . eva Kevin ? Kevin 's little foot be splay out on the carpet , he lie on he belly , almost in the recovery position , he face sweaty and pale . eva Kevin ? she rush towards he and be astonished when he allow she to lift he and actually put he arm around she neck . int . kevin 's room - day Eva lay Kevin on the bed , he 's limp and placid . she pull out a pair of clean pj 's from the drawer . kevin ( whisper weakly ) can you get I the spaceman one , I like the monkey in the rocket . 96 . Eva double take , Kevin like something !? eva sure honey . she rifle through the drawer but can not find they , she empty out the laundry basket , search almost desperately through the dirty clothes until she eventually pull they out . eva i’1l wash this and make they nice and fresh so you can wear they tomorrow . kevin thanks Mom . eva I nil be right back ok ? Kevin nod weakly . Eva leave the room , she eye wide in astonishment , who be this boy ? int . kevin 's room - later Kevin 's pale face look strangely beautiful as he suck gently on the bud of a thermometer . Eva take it out and look at it worriedly . Christ 101 . celia run into the room wave a piece of paper . celia hey kewin ... Eva wince expect a rebuttal . Kevin take the draw . kevin that 's nice celie ... can you do I another ? celia nod and scoot off . suddenly the expression on Kevin 's face change , he jump out of bed and run for the en suite ... too late , he vomit copiously over the carpet . 97 . later ; Eva clean up the last of the stain , wring a cloth into a basin . Kevin be in bed look a little ashamed . kevin ( mumble weakly ) I be sorry Mom . eva not to worry , sweetheart , you could not help it . int . the hallway - night Eva watch as Franklin , just back from work , he bag sling over one shoulder , comic book and present under the other , poke he head carefully round Kevin 's door . franklin ( whisper ) hey champ , how you do ? kevin ( 0.s. ) go away , I be tired . franklin errr .. ok , sure thing buddy , you get some rest ... he close the door and look at Eva , disappointed , a little jealous ? eva ( put she arm round he ) do not worry ... they always want they mom when they be sick ... kevin ( 0.s. ) Mom ! Eva smile a little apologetically and disappear into Kevin 's room . int . kevin be room - day Eva sit on the bed read from '' Robin Hood '' . Kevin lie quietly next to she . as she read she notice he edge slowly closer to she ... should she risk it ? gently she lift up he head and lay it in she lap , he let she . she stroke he hair , gently , incredulously . 98 . kevin do not stop read Mom .... int . hallway - day Eva push Kevin 's door open . he 's already up , look much healthier , pull on he jeans . eva here , let I help you with that . kevin I can dress myself . can you leave . Eva look take aback . eva okay ... I be glad you be feel better ... would you like some more chowder for lunch ? kevin whatever . eva or maybe a grill cheese sandwich ? kevin I do not give a rat 's ass . ok ... Eva gently close the door . int . the kitchen - day Eva stand at the sink watch as Franklin help Kevin , ( resplendent in a lincoln green hat with a feather and clutching a expensive look toy bow and arrow ) to set up a target at the end of the garden . kevin thanks dad , this be so cool ! Kevin turn and aim at the window , the arrow clatter against the glass . eva hey ! be careful with that thing ! fade to black . 99 . int . hall - day Eva struggle down the hall , she arm full of laundry . the bathroom door be ajar , she elbow it open . Kevin , ( now 14 , skinny , pointy face but with brood dark good look ) stand hunch in the centre of the room , he trousers round he ankle , beat himself off fiercely . a half empty pack of '' land ‘o lake '' butter sit on the side of the bath . Eva gulp but stare at he squarely in confrontation , expect embarrassment . Kevin shoot she a sleepy sly grin ... but he do not stop . Eva slam the door hard and stomp off down the corridor she cheek burn . o.s. a dry chuckle from Kevin . int . eva 's car , drive - evening Eva , sit in she car , the engine run . she drum she finger on the wheel , beep the horn a few time . Kevin saunter out of the house , dress in a pair of jeans that might have fit when he be ten , they hover above he ankle , the zip do not do up and the tight denim explicitly reveal he package . a tiny white T-shirt complete the look . she beep again , he seem to slow intentionally , casually open the door . eva can not you wear something that actually fit you ? Kevin sneer at she and slip into the car . later the car approach the gate of the high school . Kevin shift in he seat . a dopey look boy , ( lenny ) Kevin 's age , dress in a identical miniature T-shirt and with a freshly pierce nose glow pussily , skulk by the gate . kevin lemme out here . 100 . eva sure ... do not want to be see arrive with you mother do you ? Kevin give she a ' that 's right 's look , she stop and he get out , sloping off with lenny . ext . the gym —- evening Eva struggle to open the gym door , a large tray of sandwich balanced in she arm . a good look , athletic , black kid , immaculately dress in a polo shirt and chino run to open the door for she . boy ( smile broadly ) there you go Mrs kachadourian ... eva thank you ....err ... boy soweto .... soweto Washington . Eva be about to go in when a impeccably dress mary woolford and she daughter ( LAURA ) , who 's sparkly dress look like it cost thousand push past , almost knock she tray to the ground . they ignore both Eva and soweto , who be still hold the door open . Eva raise she eyebrow and pull a face for soweto 's benefit , he flash a bright smile . they walk to the gym together , a few parent hang around , the keener student help to fix the bunt and disco light . soweto WASHINGTON see you later . he jog off , scoop up a stray basket ball as he pass , he turn and leap gazelle - like in the air , send the ball sailing the length of the gym and straight through the hoop . eva hey , nice shot . soweto shoot back another win smile . 101 . int . school gym - evening close up , a small glass vial hold in a man 's hand . principal this be a crack cocaine vial . he pass it round a small group of parent . Mary woolford hand it to Eva . mary woolford what about metal detector ? principal there 's just not enough money in the budget ... every kid will be frisk on the way in ... eva ( to Mary ) hey why do not we just get Delta force in to do the strip search . mary woolford it 's not something to joke about . eva okay .... int . school gym - later . the cavernous gym be deck out with brightly color bunt and a large mirrore ball spin slowly round catch the light , echoey retro music . the kid line the wall , try to look cool , no one dance . Eva notice Kevin , keep he distance , slump against a pillar . lenny next to he laugh dumbly . nearby , Mary woolford hold court . mother ( 0.s. ) well do not Laura look dazzle tonight , you must be so proud ! Mary beam . Eva roll she eye and turn away . 102 . soweto WASHINGTON ( appear at she side ) think you might like some punch , Mrs kachadourian ? another huge smile . eva ( unaccountably embarrassed ) oh sure ... thanks soweto . Eva take a sip , hide she embarrassed grin . over the rim of she cup she see Kevin point in they direction , whisper something to lenny who start guffaw like a donkey . eva could probably do with a slug of vodka . soweto laugh . she look at the empty dance floor . eva jeez ... be anybody go to dance at this thing ? the dj segues into ' stairway to heaven 's eva Christ , stairway ... that 's 1l help . Laura woolford and she little posse of ' hot girl 's prance past , the boy eye on they as they catwalk they way to the rest room , flick they hair . they pass Kevin 's corner and alter they route , take a detour as if be ten foot from this two be infectious . Eva 's sure she see something in Kevin 's eye as Laura pass , take in she long shiny hair , she incredibly short dress . her attention be divert as a lone girl , pale and geeky ; walk to the centre of the floor . the poor girl 's mom be clearly ninety , she 's dress she for a prom circa 1947 . puffy frilly dress , patent shoe and a bow in she hair . extend she arm she lunge in ever widen circle , eye close , oblivious to the fact that she enthusiastic twirl be expose she panty . 103 . something beautiful in she total lack of inhibition ... Eva can not help but be enchant . suddenly , out of nowhere , Kevin appear , head towards she like a scud missile ; calculate so that the girl 's next pirouette will land she ear exactly in line with he mouth . he lean towards she , whisper something . she freeze . her eye darting leave and right like she have just wake up naked in the street . Kevin sidle off . everyone now stare at the girl , sniggering openly as she flounder back and forth , a slow motion death dance , desperate to keep up appearance by bob to a few more bar . mercifully the track end , the girl hurriedly gather up she skirt and hobble off to a darken corner . she sit head down , hunch over , she elbow awkward , each hand fight for cover under the other . Eva drain she punch , now she really need a drink . int . lounge - evening Franklin be still munch he way through a huge plate of pasta . Eva lean back in she chair , a glass of wine in one hand ; read something aloud to he . eva ( sarcastically ) niger be part of Nigeria . Nigeria be full of niger . the river niger flow through ... franklin ( hold a hand up ) okay , okay , I get it .... you can not say it 's not factual ... Eva sneer . eva you do know that Mr Johnson 's African -american right ? o.s. the doorbell ring . Franklin look quizzical but go to answer it . 104 . stay on Eva 's face . o.s . the door open , the crackle of a police radio . police officer ( 0.s. ) Mr kachadourian ? franklin ( o.s. ) plaskett , but that 's my son . have something happen ? int . lounge - night kevin it be water baby dad , I swear I ... Franklin grab Kevin 's upper arm and push he against the wall . franklin you could have cause a pile up , a fuck catastrophe ! Eva stay in the background she arm fold , she face withhold something , satisfaction ? int . lounge - later back on Eva 's face as she pour herself another drink . o.s . the rise and fall of Franklin 's voice furiously yell ... then a lull . Kevin 's voice , quiet , reasonable , placate . Eva grin ruefully to herself , here come the horse-shit . Franklin appear , much calmer , he sit down beside eva. franklin listen , the whole caper be lenny 's idea , he be only talk about water baby .... you know how kid think that sort of thing be funny . eva what about the brick ? 105 . franklin well they run out of water baby ... before he know it lenny have pitch a stone when a car be come . Kevin say he immediately tell lenny not to do that since somebody could get hurt . eva yeah , that sure sound like Kevin . Franklin sigh . franklin Jesus Eva ... it be spectacularly dumb , he admit that . anyway they run , do not get very far since he realize run be crazy so he grab lenny 's jacket to put the brake on ... and here 's the thing , it seem we friend lenny pugh already have something on he record so Kevin take the rap . I have to say I feel kind of dumb for lay into he like that ... eva ( incredulous ) you apologize ? franklin sure , any parent get to admit when they make a mistake . Eva look dumbstruck . int . hall - day Eva emerge from she study , she hear muffle voice come from Kevin 's room , she stop , listen . lenny ( 0.s . ) like you be so smooth dude , I think that fat fuck be go to kick the shit out of you because you be like drive he insane . '' Sir I really must protest , sir . '' 106 . kevin ( 0.s. ) yeah , well lucky for you I get Mr. plastic off my back but you should have hear the scene in here pugh , fuck nauseate , I though I would burst into tear before a commercial break from we sponsor . lenny snigger . kevin ( 0.s. ) I be serious pal ... this one 's gonna cost you . Cause you low rent stunt could do my reputation some serious damage . I get standard , I save you ass this time but do not expect a sequel , like ass save ii . rock 's over a overpass . it 's fuck trite man , it 's get no class at all . it 's fuck trite . Eva hurry off down the hall . int . eva' luna - early evening Eva drive home from work along nyack high street . she pass a huge barne and Noble with wide , plate glass window . she glimpsis someone , who else could it be dress in that outfit ? stand in the travel section in front of a shelf full of awap guide . o.s . the honk of a car horn . Eva swerve momentarily as she redirect she attention to the traffic . she shake she head , incredulous , she eye wide . a grin of pride . int . kitchen - night Eva enter , Kevin be slouched against the kitchen unit . eva hey , do not I see you in the bookstore tonight ? kevin nuh-uh . Eva have she back to he at the sink , a private grin . 107 . eva funny ... could have swear ... Kevin start to slope off . eva by the way ... I have like to ask you out on a date . he eye she mistrustfully . kevin what for ? eva just to do something together ... for fun . kevin like do what ? Eva shrug . eva maybe a little Christmas shopping , take you to dinner ? she pause , unsure for a moment , then with a wry smile . eva play a round or two of miniature golf ? he crack a sour half smile ... she 's secure she date . int . live room - day , the date . Eva wait for Kevin . Franklin sit watch tv . eva what be you and celie gonna get up too ? franklin gosh , gonna have to come up with something to do that do not terrify she , guess that rule out vacuume . 108 . int . eva 's car - day Kevin sit in silence as Eva pull into the funky little golf course . it 's a freezing overcast day and Kevin sport he tiny white T. it start to rain . eva why do not you wear a coat ?... you just can not get uncomfortable enough can you ? Kevin grin . kevin uncomfortable ? with my own mother ? ext . miniature golf course - day Kevin pose with he club like a dapper gentleman , still silent but with a ' now what ?' look . eva well ... you win . int . eva 's luna - outside the mall - day Eva slow at a pedestrian crossing . a huge family waddle across the road all stuff they face . eva whenever I see fat people they be eat ... do not give I that slow metabolism crap . '' it 's my gland '' ... it 's food . they fat because they eat the wrong food ... too much of it and all the time . silence , she drive on into the lot . kevin you know you can be kinda harsh sometimes . eva you be one to talk . kevin yeah . I be . wonder where I get it ? 109 . int . mall - day . cheesy Christmas music be pipe through the store as Eva examine a little scooter . Kevin look thoroughly bored . kevin you know a couple of year ago , you give a kid some geeky scooter for Christmas and he no have ball he eye out . Eva lunge at the chance to be collegial . eva you be right ... that 's one of the thing that 's wrong with this country . it 's so faddish . still , I would not want celia to feel leave out . kevin mumsy , get real ciel would be scared shitless . you would have to hold she little hand everywhere she go or you have have to carry she scooter and all . ext . mall - day . they exit the mall without any shopping bag and head towards the car park . int . bedroom - early evening . Eva stand in front of the mirror , she dab a little opium behind she ear and put she earring in . she take a look at herself , she look good . int . kitchen - early evening . celia have tinsel weave in she hair , help Franklin arrange fish stick on a tray . Eva bustles in dress in she hot pink silk dress . eva can you help I fasten this . Franklin turn round . 110 . franklin wow , you be not look very maternal . eva I want to create a sense of occasion ... anyway I think you like this dress . Franklin eye the slit in the dress , which be cut up the thigh . franklin you do not want to make he uneasy . eva I be make someone uneasy , obviously . she leave the room . int . kitchen - early evening . Eva enter , Kevin be stand at the sink with he back to she . she look touch to see that instead of clothing design for a eight year old , he 's make a effort , lush black slack and a billow white fencing shirt . she 's smile , about to compliment he when he turn around , gnaw chunks from the half - devoure carcass of a cold chicken . Eva turn white . eva I be about to take you to dinner . Kevin wipe the grease off the corner of he smirk mouth . kevin I be hungry . you know .... grow boy . eva put that away right now and get you coat ! Eva turn angrily away from he and storm out of the room . int . hudson house restaurant - evening Kevin shake he head to the waiter who shrug and turn to Eva , she 's quietly furious . 111 . eva I will have the crab salad , steak medium rare and a bottle of merlot . she snap the menu shut . eva oh ... and bannoffee pie for desert , thanks . later ; Eva be eat as Kevin rip a bread roll apart , squeezing it into tiny ball . she frown and take a deep slug of wine . eva so ... how 's school go ? kevin it 's go ... you want my course schedule ? Eva try hard not to get annoyed . eva what about you , ah teacher ? be any of they , you know especially ... kevin and what band be you listen to this day ? next you can wheedle about whether there be not some cute little cunt in the front row that 's get I itchy . that way you can segue into how it 's all up to I of course but before balling the chick in the hallway . I might decide to wait until I be ready ... right around dessert you can ask about drug . careful like , Cause you do not want to scare I into , like , lie my head off , so you have to say how you experiment . finally once you have suck up that whole bottle you can go gooey eye and say how great it be to spend quality time together and you can put a arm around my shoulder and give it a little squeeze . Eva quickly push she plate aside , abandon the food she 's over order . 112 . eva alright , Mr. snide , what do you want to talk about ? kevin this be you idea . I never say I want to talk about a fuck thing . they sit in silence for a long moment . Eva take another deep gulp of she wine . Kevin pull a complimentary crayon from a rustic jar in the middle of the table . he idly scribbles on the paper table cloth . kevin ok , I have get a topic . you be always gripe about this country and wishing you be in Malaysia or something . what 's you beef about it ? eva ok ... since you ask . Eva sit back fold she arm . eva american 's be trust to a fault , innocent in a way that make they stupid . they be fat , inarticulate and ignorant . they be demand , impetuous and spoiled . they be self righteous and superior about they precious democracy and condescending to other nationality because they think they have get it right , never mind that half the adult population do not vote . worst of all they have no idea that the rest of the world can not stand they . all the while Kevin 's eye have be downcast , still scribbling . kevin wow ... that 's a whole lot of adjective . let 's see . he look at he marking on the table cloth , tick off a list . 113 . kevin spoil ? well , you be rich and can get pretty much anything you want right . mmmm ... impetuous , well that 's a pretty good description of that speech you give right now . inarticulate .... lemme see . seem to I I be sit across from the lady who go on this long rant about reality tv when she 's never watch a single show . and that ... one of you be favorite word , mumsy .... be ' ignorant 's ' trusting 's with no idea other people can not stand they . he underscore that on he list . kevin well far as I can tell about the only thing that keep you and the other dumb ass Americans from be peas in a pod be that you be not fat and just because you be skinny , you act self righteous , condescending and superior . maybe I have rather have a big cow of a mother who at least do not think she be better than everybody else in the fuck country . Eva sit in stunne silence , the waiter pass and she quickly signal for the check . int . hall - day Kevin 's door open a crack . Eva peer in . no poster , no smelly sock , the bed make with boot camp precision , the shelf virtually empty apart from the copy of Robin Hood and a couple of school book . she have a quick guilty snoop around but there 's not much to find , a stack of floppy sit next to the computer and she shuffles through they , weird name , Nostromo ... d4 - x ... she pick one out at random , put the rest back and slip out of the room . 114 . int . study - day Eva insert the floppy into she disk drive and start to download the file . celia ( 0.s. ) mommee ... mommee , can you help I ? Eva tut and go off to find celia . a moment later , Eva return . the computer have switch itself off , she frown , that 's never happen before . she restart it but the screen just fill up with weird number and error message . int . a.w.a.p. office - afternoon as Eva bustles through the office door , she 's strike by the odd silence in the office , people at they desk with dark expression on they face other hang round gossipe by the water cooler . eva why be nobody work ? JOHN they can not ... every single computer 's go down ... the tech guy be look into it . Eva blanch ... shit . int . eva' office - day Eva sit at she desk watch the rest of the staff still hang around aimlessly through the glass partition . John enter . JOHN bad news I be afraid , virus , a nasty one ... must have get in through somebody 's e-mail ... gonna set we back week ... plus it look like we have send it on to everyone on we mailing list ... wont have win any friend there .... Eva raise she eye to the heaven . 115 . int . hall - day Eva knock tentatively on Kevin 's door , hold the floppy disk . no answer , she push it open . eva ( tapping the disk ) I want to ask you , what 's this ? kevin you do not load it in , do you ? Eva look at he guiltily . eva of course not ... well only once . kevin it only take once . eva why do you have it ? kevin I keep a collection . eva be not that a peculiar thing to collect ? kevin I do not like stamp . eva what 's the point of it ? kevin there be no point ... that 's the point . Eva turn to go . kevin Mom ? Eva turn back to face he . kevin you computer 's fuck be not it ? 116 . eva ( ruefully ) yes it 's fuck . I guess I deserve it . kevin you know if there 's anyone you do not like and you get they e-mail address , just let I know . Eva laugh . eva ok , I ’1ll be sure to do that , though some day the people I do not like come to quite a list . kevin ( jokily ) better warn they , you have get friend in low place . int . lounge , christmas day —- morning the massive lounge be deck out with tinsel and a huge tree . celia sit on the floor unwrap a present , a large glass cage with a tiny , furry occupant . she 's ecstatic . celia ( run to eva ) oh mommy , I love it , I love it ! she fling she arm round Eva 's neck , smother she with kiss . celia thankyouthankyouthankyou... Franklin and Kevin sit on the opposite couch exchange a ' girl huh ? 's smirk . Kevin unwrap he present , a gleam cross bow . franklin it 's a Series 7 , the guy in the shop say it 's the best around ... Kevin hold the bow up to he eye expertly , look down the barrel , check it 's straight line . kevin gee dad , it 's perfect . I be gonna go practice ... 117 . he stalk out of the room , Eva watch he go uneasily . int . lounge - evening Eva lie against Franklin on a couch , bitching about the politician on tv . celia wander round the room , poke into corner , look under the table . eva hey celia , come on now , time for bed ... celia ( o.s. from under the table ) just a bit longer mommy ... int . hallway - celia 's room - continuous Eva carry a quietly worried look celia in she arm . eva right let 's put you to bed ... want to say good night to snuffle ? celia ( quietly she face bury in Eva 's neck ) he 's hide . Eva set celia down and look at the cage . eva I can not see he anywhere ... celia 's face crumple . celia it 's my fault , I think I close the door ... Kevin say I be stupid and he 's right ... stupid , stupid stupid ! she bang she fist against she head , harder and harder . Eva , scared , have to pull she hand away . eva do not worry honey ... I be sure we will find he ... she do not look so sure . 118. int . kitchen - night Eva 's ass poke in the air as she search the back of a cupboard . eva snuffle ... snuffle ? Franklin struggle out from behind the fridge , cover in dust and crap . franklin face it Eva ... he 's go to the big pet store in the sky ... eva oh do not say that ... Eva look pain . franklin dearly beloved ... we be gather here today ... eva ( whack he ) stop it ! but she can not help it , they both burst out in giggle , roll together on the floor . int . the kitchen - day Eva stand at the sink , celia sit behind she , draw at the kitchen table . eva .-- and so snuffle go to play in the garden and he 's make lot of new animal friend ... Eva pull the plug , the water sluggishly refuse to drain away . it finally disappear with a gurgle . Eva wrinkle she nose . eva phew ... she reach up to a high , child - lock cupboard and pull out a bottle of liquid plummr , she pour a healthy glug down the sink . 119 . ext . hospital car lot - early evening Eva 's car squeal to a halt , she leap out look pale and desperate . she run up the step into the hospital building . int . waiting room - later the same hospital corridor where Eva wait for Kevin with he break arm . the same green plastic chair . Eva and Franklin sit in a heavy silence , clutching each other hand tightly . a coffee with a crinkle skin sit sadly on the table . a surgeon approach with a sombre expression . Eva and Franklin stand up . surgeon I be sorry , we really try but there be too much damage , I be afraid we could not save the eye ... int . franklin be car , hospital lot - night the engine 's run just to get the heating go , Eva sit shiver without a coat . a empty silence . Franklin knock he head back against the padded headrest and stare at the ceiling . franklin I can not believe you leave it out . Eva look at he stunne . franklin I think about not say that . she lick she lip and start to tremble . eva I do not leave it out . Franklin drop he head and sigh . 120 . franklin Eva . do not make I do this . you use that ' liquid plumr 's on Saturday , I remember because you go on about how the drain smell weird or something . eva I put it away , back in that high cabinet with the child lock on it . celia could not even reach that with a chair !... franklin then how do it get out ? eva good question . franklin look , I realize you be usually very caref ... eva I remember put it away Franklin . franklin do you remember put on you shoe this morning ? eva celie 's in hospital why be we have this conversation ? franklin because I want you to admit it ... eva Janis come this morning , maybe ... franklin she do not need it , the drain be already clear ... eva ( she 's get to say it ) Fine , why do not you ask Kevin how the bottle get leave out ? 121 . franklin here we go , something go wrong , you can not possibly be at fault so you point the finger at you own son . eva he be suppose to be look after she ... franklin Kevin do everything he should have . he say when she start to scream , he come run and when he find out what it be , he run water over she face and rinse she eye as best he could , and then he call a ambulance , even before he call I on the cell ... he be a star . eva time ... it take time for that stuff to work . maybe he do wash it out , but when ? when he be finish ? franklin finish with what ? his homework ? his archery practice ? eva think about it ! Eva start to cry , she press she finger tip to she eyelid . eva she 's seven , not two . even if I do leave it out .. why the hell would celia pour drain cleaner on she own eye . celia 's afraid of everything . he do it Franklin ... oh he do it , he do it ! Franklin grab she arm , look she in the eye . franklin that 's enough . I be ashamed of you ... she wrench herself free , grab the handle of the door , she have to get out . she stumble towards she car . 122 . franklin ( 0.s. ) Eva ! Eva turn round , tear stream down she face . franklin you know I be not usually big on shrink but maybe you should talk to somebody . I think you need help . Eva turn and hurry off to she car ; arm clutch around she protectively . Franklin 's 4 x4 squeal out of the lot behind she . int . eva' luna - night Eva drive down a lonely , barely light highway , the tear have stop now ... she 's just blank . int . live room - late night Franklin with he head in he hand on the sofa , Eva freeze in the armchair across from he . franklin I be sorry Eva , I can take the year ... I just can not take the day . eva so ... what do you want to do ? franklin last out the school year if we can . make arrangement over the summer . at least custody be a no brainer . eva be it ... you have decide ? franklin ( limply ) there 's nothing leave to decide . it 's already happen . Eva notice a shadow cross the hall , Kevin step into the light . for the first time he stand up straight instead of slouching , he look older . kevin -.- need a drink of water . 123. franklin kev...do not take anything you might have overhear to heart . it 's easy to misunderstand when you hear something out of context . kevin why would I not know the context ? he take a single hard swallow and put the glass back on the counter . kevin I be the context . he turn and leave the room . int . live room - night - week later . celia be sprawle asleep in the crook of Franklin 's arm on the sofa . on the leave side of she face be a flesh color stick on eye patch . Kevin be sit beside he watch ' my granny have my boyfriend 's baby 's on the Jerry springer show . Eva carefully lift celia out of Franklin 's arm . int . celia 's bedroom - night celia be awake as Eva slip she into bed . eva celie ... when you get hurt ? celia nod solemnly . eva what happen ? celia ( sleepily ) I get something in my eye ... Kevin help I wash it out . she turn she head away as if to end the conversation . Eva kiss she and head towards the door . celia mommy ! 124. she have cover up she good eye with she hand , then uncover it quickly . celia peek a boo ! Eva 's smile at she but she eye fill with tear as she close the door . int . hall - live room - day Eva be sit on the sofa , she glance up as Kevin stride into the room , the distinct shape of he archery bag drape over he shoulder , he 's follow by Franklin . kevin dad prozac 's not that big a deal half the kid 's in my school be on some kind of anti-depressant . Eva sigh and rub she hand through she hair , she look stress and guilty . eva something come for you . she nod toward the large fed ex package on the floor . Kevin sully towards it and start to rip it open with Franklin 's car key . he pull a bright yellow kryptonite bike lock out of the box along with a spray of styrofoam bean as Eva eye he suspiciously . eva what 's that for ? you do not even ride you bike .. Franklin walk back into the room hold a beer as Kevin pull out another identical lock . kevin get this for a song off the net ... I think I have make a bundle sell they at school ... Franklin pull the remote off the coffee table , flopping down on the sofa next to Eva and switch on the tv . franklin good to see someone inherite you business sense huh ? 125 . eva ( dryly ) glad to see you be be so entrepreneurial ... int . bedroom - night . 0.s. Franklin sing tunelessly over the thud of the shower . Eva , undress slowly , she smile to herself a little sadly and get into bed . she peer over the quilt and watch Franklin through the open door of the en suite . he step out of the shower and he body flit in and out of view , reflect in the mirror , still fit and athletic . he switch the bathroom light off and get into bed . Dark , apart from the hypnotic flash light of the digital clock . red / black . red / black . they both lie silent , awake . what more be there to say ? he reach out for she hand and pull she towards he , kissing she tenderly on the forehead , then more deeply , he move on top of she . the clock flash , red black , red black . CUT to black . bcu of the digital clock , coming up to midnight it click over to a new day , surrounded by darkness it read ... thursday 8th april 1999 . CUT to : int . kitchen , ranch house - morning a door swing open , revealing celia play with she french toast at the table , behind she Eva in Franklin 's arm exchange a brief kiss . kevin ( 0.s. ) Gross ... 126. int . kitchen - later . Kevin pick up he school bag and archery kit swing they over he shoulder and leave the house , close the door behind he . o.s. the radio still play ... a new song come on ; charlene ' I have be to paradise 's ... the music continue over the follow sequence ... no other sound . ext . STREET - morning hey lady , you lady , cursing at you life ... it 's a beautiful day as Kevin saunter along the neat manicure tree line street with a air of confidence . he look handsome as the wind blow through he hair , he shirt billow , he look every inch the a promise young man .... ' you a discont mother and a regiment wife 's int . classroom - morning a pretty girl glance at Kevin as he hold he arm in the air in answer to the teacher 's question . int . school corridor - morning '' I have no doubt you dream about the thing you will never do '' ... the corridor be full of student . Kevin pull a handful of envelope from he bag and post they into label pigeon hole on the wall . ext . school entrance - afternoon but I wish someone have a talk to meet , like I wanna talk to you ... kid pile out , laugh and chat , full of energy . Kevin sidle off towards the gym . int . gym - afternoon b.c.u . Kevin 's hand as he fix one of the huge yellow lock to the double door of the gym . 127 . int . gym - moment later Kevin check the door again and walk across the empty floor of the gym . a lone basketball sit in a corner he pick it up and turn in one movement , shoot a perfect hoop ... that one be all net . int . viewing gallery - high up in gym . '' I have run out of place and friendly face because I need to be free '' ... Kevin 's face , handsome and focuss , the best we have ever see he as he fit arrow after arrow into he crossbow and fire again and again , they whistle and dull thunk just audible over the music . '' I have be to paradise but I have never be to I ... '' close up the lone basketball be pierce by a arrow , nail it to the floor . it deflate slowly with a gentle hiss . int . to ext . the gym - continuous the gym door burst open , they be surround by police gunman , fireman and paramedics . Kevin be lead out calmly into the circus . helicopter swoop over head , red and blue flash light illuminate the dusk sky . Parents teacher and other crowd round in awe , be hold back by more police and barricade . Eva 's taut , pale face as she struggle through the crowd . Kevin now handcuff , be escort to a police car and sit down in the back , the door close behind he . suddenly , Eva 's desperate face appear at the window as she cup a hand against the glass to cut out the reflection of the flash light . CUT to : eva' Pov ... as she stare through the glass . 128. Kevin regards she calmly , placidly search for something in she eye . whatever it be he do not find it and they stare at each other silently for a moment before the car start to pull away . one last look from Kevin through the back window , he seem pleased with himself , but he do not smile . o.s. a scream , Eva turn to see soweto Washington be wheeled out the gym , two arrow stick out of he muscular thigh . another gurney be wheeled out , a blanket over the body but Laura woolford 's expensive bracelet and hundred dollar manicure be unmistakable on the one expose hand . a scream from Mary woolford as she break through the crowd and throw herself on top of the body , sobbing uncontrollably . int . eva 's car - night Eva drive erratically , constantly hit redial on she cell . eva Franklin you son of a bitch ! tear hot with fury sting she cheek . int . waiting area . police station - night . coffee cup . plastic cup . styrofoam coffee cup . o.s. phone ringing , mute sobbing , distant voice . Kevin 's name , mispronounce . Eva , exhaust , suddenly age , a dead look in she eye , maroon on a black pvc sofa as people rush to and for , block she from view . her knee shake involuntarily . young officer ( 0.s. ) ...- and see the little green and white one , that 's very rare from the day before nypd blue ... a teenage boy sit across from she stare glassily into the middle distance without seem to ever blink , he T-shirt speckle with blood . 129 . clutch she stomach Eva stand . the receptionist eye Eva coldly and nod in the direction of the rest room further down the hall . there be a line . receptionist . ( without make eye contact ) you x11 have to wait . Eva meekly sit back down . later still . almost alone ... a cleaner with a mop and a radio . Eva freeze in the same position on the black sofa . officer would you like to speak to you son ? Eva shake she head , desperate , almost fearful . officer ( 0.s. ) then you be free to go Mrs kachadaurian . she look up slowly , stunne . eva «+--+. I can go ? ext . police station , lot - night she walk into the lot , everything alien . daze , she wander past she car , fail to recognize it the first time down the row . yet once she find the car she become strangely calm . sedate . methodical . keys. light . seat belt . windshield wiper on interval , to clear the thin mist . int . car - night . Eva drive very slowly , break on yellow , come to a legally complete halt at the four way stop though there be no traffic . later , the car curve up the long drive to the house . 130 . methodically , she turn off the wiper and the light then lock the car . she pick a leaf off the windscreen , scoops the jump rope off the garage floor and hang it carefully back on it 's hook on the wall . int . kitchen , house - night . darkness . o.s . the flick of a light switch . Eva enter the kitchen . the greasy breakfast dish have not be tidy , plate and juice glass still on the counter , the answer phone bleep with a ton of message . the white muslin curtain of the garden door drift lazily in the breeze . eva Franklin ?... celia ? her own voice come back at she unnerve she , it 's sound small and tinny . she walk through the house , flick on light . nothing . she walk to the deck and look out on the dark garden . she find the switch for the floodlight , pause for what seem like a age before she flip it . the wide panorama of the garden light up like a surreal painting . the grass and bush a vivid green . the blue night sky twinkle with star as a backdrop . celia . splay like a discard rag doll , lie in the grass . a single arrow pin she tiny frame to the ground . Franklin . Stark in the glare of the flood , shaft of arrow through he neck and upper body , a tragic expression freeze on he face , profoundly disappointed . a pause . 131 . Eva switch off the floodlight . CUT to black . int . the local grand union - evening a huge woman struggle to reach into the depth of a refrigeration unit and pull out a five litre tub of ice cream , slapping it on top of she already mountainous shopping cart , pile high with grocery . Eva 's cart seem empty by comparison , a half loaf of bread and a bottle of white wine the only content . she reach for a carton of egg and place they on the kiddy seat of the cart , flipping it open to check for breakage , they be all whole . o.s . the squeaky wheel of another cart turn into the aisle . Eva look up . a woman about she age , in a outfit that may have be fashionable ten year ago and appear similarly run down , be peruse the milk carton , mary woolford . Eva blanch with a look of shocked recognition , prick of sweat dot she forehead . o.s . the sound of blood sing in she ear . she abandon she cart along with she embroider egyptian bag and wallet and dive into the next aisle . int . the grand union , soup aisle - evening a tin of Campbell 's soup full frame . the rush noise in Eva 's ear get louder . she get herself together and manage to peer around the corner furtively , Mary have go . int . at the checkout - evening Eva unload she meagre grocery , pick up the egg carton and drop it onto the counter with revulsion , it feel sticky . the young checkout girl flick it open . 132. checkout girl Jesus , all twelve . Eva look around distractedly ... Mary have see she after all . in fact she can make she out at the other end of the store , watch with a intense mixture of hatred and glee . eva ( slightly unhinge ) I 'o 1ll take they as they be . checkout girl but they be totally ... eva I 'il take they as they be ! she hand over she credit card . checkout girl ( loudly , as if talk to the room ) khatchadourian , that 's a unusual name . Eva pause for a moment then smile . eva ( just as loudly ) yep , I be the only one in the state . she snatch back she card and the bag contain the gloopy egg and stride defiantly out of the store . int . eva 's car - day Eva stop outside she run down , vandalize duplex . a kid with a basketball in he hand stand stare at the still - drying red paint . eva Jesus . she let out a deep sigh ; she have forget . a man poke he face out of a neighbor door and shout something at the kid , who stand stock still for a instant then scoot off . his father usher he inside and close the door . 133 . Eva turn into the driveway . she go to pick up she grocery from she car , the bag almost burst open , the gloop from the egg all over the passenger seat . ext . the duplex - day o.s. a abrasive scrubbing sound . a ladder against the white slatted wall . a watery red liquid rush down in a sudden wash . Eva 's foot appear as she descend . a stain sponge and a scrubbing brush throw into a bucket of water . int . hallway , duplex - day walk down the hall , bucket in she hand . she catch a glimpse of she reflection in a mirror ... almost jump in fright . a red smear over she nose . her arm up to the elbow glisten as if she have just carry out a bloodbath . int . kitchen - day scrub she hand in the sink . she can not budge the thin red line that stubbornly remain under each fingernail . int . kitchen - evening the evening sun intensify the already vivid red light in the kitchen , the strange hue make the plain omelette sit in front of Eva resemble a slab of raw meat . she stare at it , lose in think , then she take a bite . reaching up she pull a piece of shell from she mouth . later 134 . Eva push away she empty plate , a neat ring of piece of eggshell round it 's rim , drain she wine glass and reach for the bottle , a line have be draw halfway down the label and she pour herself a neat glass careful not to go over the half way mark . int . live room - night Eva almost catatonic on the sofa . Channel surfing . the Florida election debate be heating up and seem to be on every station ... she be not remotely interested , settles on the montel show . o.s. a woman weep and the audience boo swim in and out as Eva doze off . fade to black . on the SOUND track ... kevin ( 0.s. ) they way I see it , the world be divide into the watcher and the watchee .... there be more and more of a audience and less and less to see . Eva come to , she face light up by the glow of the tv in the darkness ... pale and confuse , she focus on the screen with increase horror . kevin ( 0.s . ) people who actually do anything be a goddamn endangered species . you need we ! what would you do without I , film a documentary on paint drying ? what be all that folk do .. but watch I . do not you think they would have change the channel by now if all I have do be get a a in geometry . Eva mouth fall open ... on the screen ; we catch a brief glimpse of Kevin 's hand as he toss and roll something between they casually while he talk . 135 . the camera zoom to one corner of the bare cell , a lone photograph tape to the wall , swim into focus . it 's Eva 's favorite picture , the one that go miss . Young , smile and carefree in Amsterdam . the tv switch off abruptly . CUT to black . o.s. the beep of the alarm clock . whap ! her hand slam down on the snooze button of the batter alarm clock , it 's face cracked , badly repaired with tape . it read ... monday 8th april 2001 . int . bedroom - morning Eva 's foot crunch over the remain of the spilt pill , the crumb cling to she bare foot . ext . the red duplex - morning Eva , now dress for work but still half asleep dodge a viscous pool of paint that have drip from the porch as she head for she run-down car . int . TRAVEL agent be - day . a cantankerous but indistinguishable voice garbles down the line , Eva hold the phone away from she ear . she pick at something catch in she hair , pull it out and inspect it , a dry fleck of red paint , she crumble it to the floor . Eva feel someone hover and glance up , a over - make up woman sport a '' my name be wanda '' lapel badge wait by she side . eva okay , I 'il call back with the confirmation ... thanks ... bye . wanda hey Eva ... 136 . she drop a huge pile of papers on Eva 's desk . wanda .- i need you to go through this booking for I this afternoon ... eva ummm .... I can not ... I be off this afternoon ... I do tell you . wanda ( tight lipped ) oh sure , that 's right . I forget ... well , just as soon as you can then ... she drift off . int . eva 's car - day a long open road . well outside town the land be flat dusty and bare . a huge , low concrete structure crouch on the horizon , surround by wire fencing . Eva swallow and straighten she shoulder , prepare herself . ext . claverack detention centre - day Eva push a button on the wall outside the entrance , a electric buzzer sound . she wait . o.s . the clanking of bolt . the door open and a paunchy guard , ( al , late forty with a smatter of raise brown facial mole ) raise a hand . al hey Eva . eva hey Al . al you be a week early be not ya ? eva I guess you could call it a special occasion ... 137 . Eva be lead through a series of door and corridor . she 's padded down and searched with a metal detector . Eva know the routine and the guard all seem to know she . eventually she 's show into a wait room by Al , the door close behind she . she sit in the corner of the drab , empty room . she yawn , pick up a lone , well thumbed copy of the National Enquirer , glance disinterestedly , then toss it back on the table and sigh . the door creak open , a attractive young black woman poke she head timidly into the room . Eva try to raise a smile for she but she seem anxious to avoid eye contact . she creep in and take a seat in the opposite corner , look close to tear . after fidget restlessly for a few moment she get up , bend to pick up the solitary magazine , she glance up at Eva . woman May I ? eva go right ahead , but there 's not much in there ... the woman manage a shy half smile and scurries back to she chair . Eva notice she hand be tremble slightly as she struggle to turn the page noiselessly . after a few moment she fold up the magazine and put it down , casting she eye around the room she notice the vend machine , stand in the corner . she insert a few coin , type in she selection . a mechanical whirring , a packet of m & m ,s be push forward , it 's just about to fall into the drawer below when the whirring stop , the candy hang tentatively in the air , it 's jamme - the machine go silent . this seem too much for she , she rest she forehead against the clear plastic and let out a low moan . suddenly , Eva be at she side . she bend down and give the vend machine a hearty whack with she fist , the m & m 's drop into the drawer and Eva fish they out , hand they to the black woman with a smile . 138 . eva ( cont 'd ) Works every time , just gotta hit the right spot ... the woman smile shyly , Eva find herself hold she hand , they eye lock ; strangely it 's Eva who 's eye be fill with tear . al ( 0.s. ) Loretta greenleaf ? the woman look round . loretta take care honey . another moment then she release Eva 's hand and leave with the guard . int . visiting room - day kevin ( 0.s. ) hey Al , you still get something on you face ... Kevin be lead in . Eva notice a change in he demeanor before he say a word . all that snide condescension and the swagger have fall away . a couple of fresh scratch on he face , he knuckle graze . he 's wear a orange jumpsuit - it 's odd to see he wear something not only the normal size but too big for he . he look dwarf , confuse , bereft . his eye have shed they glaze and tunnele to the back of he head . eva you do not look happy . kevin have I ever ? his tone be want . kevin I be almost eighteen be not I . he rub he face , something in he manner show a glimpse of he father , Eva wince . 139 . eva what be it , go to big school make you nervous ? kevin ( incredulously ) ' nervous ! 's do you know anything about that place ? eva well you do such a good job , try as a minor , out of you head on prozac . . you will be out in a couple of year ... he shake he head in dismay . eva you know I see you on tv kevin oh that . he squirm with a tinge of embarrassment . kevin it be a while ago , you know , I be into a ... a thing . he look away from she . a pause . eva well I be not sure about the thing but you sound quite intelligent , now you only have to come up with something to say that be not ... kevin ( wryly ) horseshit ? eva you do know what day it be ? why they let I come and see you on a Monday ? kevin oh sure . it 's my anniversary . 140 . eva that 's right ... two year , plenty of time to think about it ... she lean forward in she chair slightly . eva look I in the eye and tell I why ? Kevin can not look she in the eye , he eye shutter nervously between the floor and the blank wall . kevin ( glumly ) I use to think I know ... now I be not so sure . without think , Eva extend she hand across the table and clasp he . astonishingly he do not pull away . eva thank you . kevin listen ... I make you something . a - well sort of present . he draw a dark rectangular wooden box about five inch long from he pocket , polish the oile wood with the wad of toilet paper it 's be wrap in . carefully he slide the box across the table keep two finger on the top , the workmanship be surprisingly fine . she reach , but he keep he finger on it fast . kevin do not !... I mean whatever you do . do not open it . Eva instinctively shrink back . she flush , a little shocked , a little horrify . eva ( in a sting tone ) I see . I think that be one of you most treasure possession . why ever would you give it up ? kevin it be like she be , sort of , look at I all the time . it start to get spooky . 141 . eva she be look at you . so be you father ... every day . Kevin stare at the table , he shove the box a little further towards Eva , then remove he hand . kevin anyway , I think you might take this and , well maybe you know - eva bury it . Eva nod gravely and weight by the enormity of the request , they spend the remain minute of the visit in a heavy leaden silence until the guard call time . Eva rise slowly follow by Kevin . as she move to hug he goodbye , he cling to she childishly as he never have in childhood proper . he mutter something choke into the upturn collar of she coat ...’ I be sorry ’? she 's not sure if she 's hear he right but she take the risk . eva I be sorry too Kevin . I be sorry too . int . eva 's car - early evening empty highway , silence fill the car . Eva flick on the radio . ' the remington fuzz away ’.... scramble channel , news , talk show , ad .... --.’an oldie but a goodie 's .--- be you lonesome tonight ?... do you miss I tonight ? neon sign reflect in the windscreen ... Taco bell , staples , wallmart , swim over Eva 's face ... do you memory stray to a bright sunny day . a church sign , a hand with a stop watch , 's Lord teach I how to wait . 's 142 . she pull up outside the duplex . turn the engine off . sit in the car . do the chair in you parlor seem empty and bare ? later , inside . she sit on the couch dress only in Franklin 's huge ancient rock T-shirt . absentmindedly , she pull the material to she face .... breathes in . her purse , half open sit wait for she on the table , the box visible . a gulp of wine . she look at the bottle , it 's down to the halfway mark . fuck it , fill she glass . do you gaze at you doorstep and picture I there ? Eva , fuzzy ... put she hand out to grip the bannister . there be no bannister . a door at the end of the hall the opposite end to Eva 's , a room we have not see before , a pause , she push the door open . be you heart fill with pain , shall I come back again ? a small , cell like bedroom ; a neatly make , single bed . not much else , sparse and impersonal . she place the little box on a bare shelf , beside the only book , ' robin hood '. tell I dear be you .... she smooth down the bed cover , stand in the doorway for a moment . lonesome tonight ? Eva turn off the light leave the empty room ... wait . fade to black . you know someone say that the world 's a stage , and each must play a part ... 143. fate have I play in love with you as my sweet heart ... you read you line so cleverly and never miss a cue ... now the stage be bare and I be stand there , with emptiness all around ... and if you wont come back to I , then they can bring the curtain down ...