we own the night written by James Gray fade in : a pair of smokestack against a orange autumn SUN sky ... the camera zoom out to reveal : a cemetery in the foreground . tombstone blend into a never - ending sea of middle -class row house in the distance , and nothing seem to separate the two . a newly dug grave be in the lower left-hand corner of we frame . military drum . hundred of policemen , in they dress blue , enter from frame right . a few cop carry a coffin . superimpose on the screen' left side : the following word fade in -- paragraph by paragraph : New York , New york. 1988 . a new breed of narcotic have sweep the great city , bring with it a ferocious crime wave more terrifying than any in recent memory . the old criminal order be go . in its place , new ethnic group rise up to seize control without respect for traditional rule of engagement . outman and outgun , demoralize by cutback and scandal , the Police find themselves bury one of they own at the rate of twice a month ... the word turn blood red , then disappear . the police lower the coffin when they arrive at the site . as we begin to zoom into a close angle on they , we hear music . a thumping pop beat . the clash be " rock the casbah " ... smash CUT to : close on : bobby GREEN , thirty . he be passionate and vital and handsome , a real physical presence . his clothes be stylish , expensive . a sly smile . he step forward , into : int . storeroom the camera move with he to see : rosario diaz , twenty , dark -skin , impossibly gorgeous . lean up against the wall , bite she lower lip , eyeing Bobby with true desire . bobby GREEN ... you be so fuckin ' beautiful , you know that ...? ( continued ) 2 . continued : she beam . they kiss , passionately . superimpose : " brooklyn " . they really go at it . they be ferocious ; as they devour each other : rosario diaz I love you , baby ... then we hear a fist banging on a door , a muffled voice : muffled voice Bobby ! you in there ? no answer -- they're too busy make out . then , more banging . they both start laughing . the voice continue : muffled voice ( cont 'd ) Bobby ! [ if ] you two could just keep you hand off each other for a second -- I , I think we get a situation brewin ' out front ! rosario diaz it 's jumbo ... we gotta go anyway ... bobby GREEN ( beat ; to the door ) I will be out in a second , Louis ! she grab he ; he move back in , start mauling she again . she slide down he body , perhaps to perform fellatio ... CUT to : int . EL caribe nightclub - MAIN room a huge , bustling , vibrant nightclub , very ` 80' . decadent , pure New York . bobby emerge from the back room area , straighten out he outfit . rosario be behind he , fix herself and walk toward the front of the club . Bobby enter the pulsing , vital heart of the place . as he appear , everyone approach , happily shouting out he name . he be have a blast . Bobby be the master of this domain . a ` 80 's version of tony manero from saturday night FEVER , but without kitsch . he be genuine cool . music : blondie be " heart of glass . " Bobby wave hello to people , greet they ( " hey , baby ! " ) , a pretty girl kiss he ( the woman love he ) . move with a swagger , a dance . as he sway , he re-button he shirt , clap he hand . he be the club manager , and he love every minute of it . he 's giddy , alive , a permanent grin . we want he life . sensuous , seductive , incredible fun . ( continued ) 3 . continued : a man wave to bobby . Bobby sees : seat at a table , surround by he gang : vadim nezhinski . thirty - five , acne - scar , huge black pompadour , big gut . one of he man , pavel lubyarsky , be next to he . Bobby nod back to they . near the coat check Rosario meet up with several of she girlfriend , and we see a operation at work : people come get they coat , slide the coat check girl a hundre buck , and with they coat the patron get junk put in they jacket pocket . Rosario look to one of she girl -- alina , a young Russian with too much makeup -- and count the cash . pocket some of it . from Rosario 's behavior , we see she 's involved in the drug trade . int . the front of the establishment - lobby a huge fight that 's break out . violent . Club patron and security guy be in the melee . Girls scream . rosario move past all this , to the front door . louis falsetti , forty , back off from the multiple struggle all around he . Louis be wear a jacket that say " security " on it . he be the jocular type , very overweight , redface . Bobby arrive at the fight scene . with cheery braggadocio : bobby GREEN what the fuck 's goin ' on in here ? Bobby move right in . grab a struggle and drunk patron , put he in a headlock . he give the patron a shot to the temple , just to keep he docile . Lou , Bobby 's best friend , watch the imbroglio with a amused and cowardly detachment , chortle with every punch and scream . he balance a drink in he hand with marvelous care , avoid spillage . but the battle get closer and closer . see he friend Bobby , who 's hardly get everything in control : louis falsetti okay , bobk ! look like you get everything under control here -- so uh , so I be gonna go outside , take my break ! bobby GREEN yeah -- just keep that wide load of yours outta trouble , arright ? louis falsetti yes , you fuckin ' majesty ! the patron be act up again , try to free himself from Bobby 's grip . Bobby look down at he . with humor : ( continued ) 4 . continued : bobby GREEN what be you do ?!? you gotta behave yourself here ! give the guy a shot in the head . meanwhile : louis saunter past the melee , jump gracefully over a fall drunk . he bow in triumph when other applaud he leap . everyone laugh as he go out the door . bouncer freddie help clean up the mess . a girl scream as a guy be flip on he back by bouncer . a patron with blood on he face , act like a eight year - old , to Bobby ( who hurl he guy out of frame ) : bloodied patron c'mon , Mr. Green ! I do not do nothing ! bobby GREEN well now you be gonna do nothing someplace else ! ( louder , to all fighter ; point : ) now listen -- one of this day I be gonna run this whole block , and I see any you in here again -- any you -- I will bust you fuckin ' hole ! ( to freddie ) throw `em out on they ass . I gotta go upstairs , drop off my key with the old man . int . stairwell Wood - panell wall . Bobby walk upstairs , fix he hair . int . marat buihayev' apartment - foyer / live room a ornate , gaudy place . the wall be cover by mirror with that cheesy brown marble pattern print all over they . plush couch , clutter . Bobby walk in . we hear radio music up here , nothing like the stuff play downstairs . a russian crooner . in a easy chair sit marat buzhayev ( pronounce boo -shy ' - ev ) . he be old , kindly , weaken by age ; sit next to he babushka wife , kalina . buzhayev watch a Russian musical program with the sound off , listen to he small transistor radio . marat buzhayev Bobby ! come here ! bobby GREEN Mr. buzhayev , how be you ! ( continued ) 5 . continued : Bobby lean over , hug the seat old man . the two embrace warmly -- they be close . before separate , buzhayev touch he face . kalina yell happily in russian , grab bobby , embrace he too . she could not be more motherly , amd Bobby beam at the treatment . kalina buzhayev ( subtitle ) so beautiful ! beautiful ! Bobby be move , almost embarrassed by the loving attention . then , gently drop a set of keys on a side table : bobby GREEN listen , Mr. buzhayev -- I gotta go do something right now . but do not worry - - everything 's in good shape downstairs . marat buzhayev ( warm , gentle ) yes , good . you take care of thing good for we ... marat smile . then , as Bobby stand : marat buzhayev ( cont 'd ) next week , you come by -- we talk . okay ? we talk about plan for you . Bobby light up , nod . marat pat he cheek . kalina try to give he a small care package of food . he politely refuse , and a minor and friendly ad - libbed argument in Russian ( " he say he do not want any food , and you keep try to give it to he ! " ) break out between the old husband and he wife . as Bobby exit : kalina buzhayev ( break English ) Bobby ! where you run off to ?!? ext . queen cathedral - summer evening a modern church . a big crowd in front , make up of police . we hear music . close shot of a black outdoor sign , behind glass . " our lady , queen of martyr church , queen , NY " . tilt down : white PRESS - on letter crookedly spelling out " nypd pulaski society mtg . - 7 pm " . superimpose : " queen " . int . queen cathedral - basement the music explode down here . a large room with column . streamer , balloon everywhere . Old cop , young cop , man , woman , be here . skinny , portly , giddy , drunk . ( continued ) 6 . continued : many be in uniform , loosen up a bit , like they have just get off work and it 's time to relax . Children run about . american , New York State flag . picture on the wall : people with plaque , portrait . archie bunker' new york . a sign read : " congratulation ! to ` captain joseph grusinsky ' " . case fill with trophy . food table , pile high . and beer . lot and lot of beer . many cop be drink , cavort , smoking cigar , make sandwich . and dancing up a STORM . Men and woman flirt , gab , make out . flash ! picture take constantly . a mass of people surround two people as a photo be take : angle on : joseph grusinsky , thirty . Bobby 's older brother . in uniform . clean -cut , though not neurotically so . sharp , tough feature -- the glow of a winner . he be smiling , receive many ad- libbed congratulation and hold one of he child in he arm , infant paul . next to he be he wife , sandra , thirty . next to she , they older infant , teddy . next to joseph : burt grusinsky , sixty . Bobby 's father , we will soon learn . tough as nail . unsentimental , ex - military , rough -edge , vital . in this world , he be a king . stand behind burt be he two close associate : michael solo ( " g.q. " ) , fifty , somewhat urbane , and jack shapiro ( " pudge " ) , also fifty . a big , quiet man . huge hand . the enforcer . burt be beam over he treasure son . he direct a photographer , reposition Joseph : burt grusinsky here , take another one ! get another ! joseph grusinsky pop , they get enough ! what be you doin ' ?!? burt grusinsky ( in Joseph 's ear ) you want you face out there -- it 's good exposure . the PC 's gonna see this . ( to the photographer ) c'mon . with both kid . flash ! photographer thanks , Chief ! burt wave to the photographer , then lean again into Joseph 's ear . still wear a smile for the outside world : ( continued ) 7 . continued : ( 2 ) burt grusinsky you see you brother yet ? joseph grusinsky ( shake head ; then ) he be not gonna come . burt grusinsky ( frown ; then : ) he better . int . car - outside the church a closeup of rosario . beat . then : rosario diaz c'mon . what 's the big deal anyway ? we will go in , you say hello , then we will go . Bobby seem reluctant . then : bobby GREEN you remember what I tol ' you ? rosario diaz yeah ! course ! bobby GREEN nobody know about my father and my brother -- not even jumbo . and it 's gotta stay that way , you understand ? rosario diaz yeah , you tol ' I a thousand time . but I be with you for two year , Bobby -- I should meet `em by now . we goin ' in or not ? angle on bobby as we go to : int . church stairwell we move past partygoer . then , appear at the top of the step : Bobby and Rosario - - who 's be eye up and down salaciously by the man in the party . the two start to come down the narrow stair lead to the basement . a portly , ebullient man , russell do keifer : russell do keifer Bobby ? Bobby grusinsky , that you ? how you doin ' ?! ( more ) ( continued ) 8 . continued : russell do keifer ( cont 'd ) it 's I , Russell De keifer , from across Northern boulevard , remember ? you still bartend that Russian joint , out there in Brooklyn ? bobby GREEN Nah . Nah , I be manage now . russell do keifer oh , big shot ! bobby GREEN yeah . I will see you `round , arright ? Bobby slink past De keifer . Rosario touch he arm : rosario diaz what would he call you ? bobby GREEN ( slightly sheepish ) I change my name -- I use my mother 's name now . it 's better for business . c'mon ... int . basement a wiry young police reporter , in uniform , move to Joseph . burt stand nearby , proud : young police reporter Captain grusinsky , hi ! I be Officer timpanaro from spring 3100 , the police magazine -- joseph grusinsky how you do ... the reporter read he question off a small pad . ( very important that he come off like a amateur . ) young police reporter so : um , you be now the third -- someone hit he arm . he drop he pad , pick it up . young police reporter ( cont 'd ) the third youngest captain on the Force , and we p.b.a. reader will wanna know just how that , um -- ( look at he pad ) -- feel ! ( continued ) 9 . continued : joseph grusinsky feel like nothin' . Nah , it feel good ! I love try to , you know , help make the City safer for people and everything ... across the room : Bobby and Rosario come down the stair . Bobby immediately sees he family , though they do not see he yet . to Rosario , quiet : bobby GREEN that 's they there . in the corner . lookit `em -- two peas in a pod . rosario diaz yeah -- I see `em ! they do not look that bad though , you know ? for cop ? ( be : Michael , Jack ) who be that other guy ? bobby GREEN [ my ] Father 's friend -- they be all in Korea together . ( with a laugh ) biggest bunch of fuckin ' stiff ... ( move closer ) look , do not talk to nobody , we will get out quick . rosario diaz ( beat ; darken ) I be not gonna embarrass you . bobby GREEN N -- I just wanna get out quick , that 's all ... across the room Bobby approach , look over to Sandra . the two nod a awkward hello . then the two brother meet . we see the relationship between they . strain , but a warmth deep underneath : joseph grusinsky Bobby , hey ! you , you get off work and everything -- bobby GREEN yeah I do so ... congratulation ... ( continued ) 10 . continued : simultaneous : burt motion to jack , michael . the two walk upstair . burt step forward . burt grusinsky hello . bobby GREEN pop. ( Rosario move near ) everybody , this be my girlfriend . Rosario . rosario diaz Nice to meet you ! bobby GREEN this 's my brother . and my father . burt and Joseph take one look at she and respond with subdued " hellos . " she be not exactly , well , proper - looking . and she be not white . she pick up on this , try to act as though she do not care . burt turn to Bobby : burt grusinsky we gotta talk to you . alone . angle on bobby . this give he pause , but Rosario give he a slight nod of she head , assure he it 's okay . so : int . church - upstair Jack and Michael be walk through the seemingly empty main hall of the church . look for anyone who may be hang out , ducking in and around . they spot a couple , make out in one of the pews . the man be shirtless , the woman in she bra . caught , they let out a embarrassed chuckle . with offense , but also humor : michael solo in a house of God , no less ? c'mon , get up ... the couple sheepishly exit the room , pull on they clothes . as they do , they pass : Bobby , burt , and Joseph come up the stair . Joseph pull up the rear , stand behind he father . Bobby see Jack and Michael , now seat several row back . beat , then : michael solo ( cont 'd ) hello , Bobby . Nice suit you get on . Bobby gladly give a nod of recognition , sit down in a empty front pew . burt brushes lint off he son 's shoulder : ( continued ) 11 . continued : burt grusinsky you hair 's long . bobby GREEN I know . I like it this way . ( no response , so : ) that why you get I up here ? [ to ] tell I my hair 's too long ? Joseph speak up , diverting Bobby 's attention : joseph grusinsky Bobby , I ask pop to bring you here . bobby GREEN whatsamatter ? Joseph eye he father with trepidation , then begin : joseph grusinsky well ... I be gonna be head up a new narcotic team , start this week . a Russian unit , outta psa 2 in Brighton . bobby GREEN ( light a cigarette ) that 's a good hook for you . joseph grusinsky yeah , they need I over there . there 's only eleven guy in the whole department that even know the language right now , so ... Bobby look behind he . he 's surrounded . interrogation - style , he brother at the fore , Bobby nonetheless remain calm , almost cheery . to Jack , in the back : bobby GREEN you ever talk ? jack shapiro I be old - fashioned . I listen first . joseph grusinsky Bobby , we need you to do we a favor . bobby GREEN ( smirking ) a favor ? oh , he need a favor ! ( to burt , needle ) ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you cut I off financially , and now you need the favor ? `s interesting . joseph grusinsky pudge -- Jack step forward , a photo in hand . joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) we be look at this guy vadim nezhinski . put the photo in front of Bobby . mug shot of a acne - scar , dark - eye man we have see before : vadim nezhinski . joseph grusinsky ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) served time in the Soviet Union for black market activity , come over around 1979 . bobby GREEN ` S good lookin ' boy ! not amused , they withdraw the photo from in front of Bobby . joseph grusinsky he 's deal h , cocaine , angel dust ... operate out of that club you manage . the El caribe . Bobby 's sense of humor disappear now . bobby GREEN I do not know nothing about that . joseph grusinsky no , we know that . we check up and down the rest of management , too --his uncle , the owner -- bobby GREEN the old man ?! what , you be watch we ?!? joseph grusinsky everybody come up clean . it 's just nezhinski we be lookin ' at . bobby GREEN ( back to burt ) what the fuck be this ? ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 3 ) joseph grusinsky we need to track how he 's bringin ' in the product and ... we be just hopin ' you would keep you eye and ear open a little . bobby GREEN you kid I ? inform for you ?!? that 's what you want I here for ? joseph grusinsky no , we would never ask you to do that . just observe , that 's all . it 's a close community and you be we only way in right now -- bobby GREEN yeah well , find another way . I get a lot invest in that club and I can not let it get fuck up . joseph grusinsky nothing 's gonna get fuck up , Bobby . all it take be one thing , you know that ! one guy to flip , we crack the whole thing ! Michael solo pipe up from the back : michael solo Bobby , it 's important . this be not dumb guy we be talk about . we do not stop `em up front , coupla year from now , it will be chaos out there . ( beat ) we would be wishing the italian would come back . Bobby be still focus on he brother , then to he father : bobby GREEN [ you ] fuckin ' broadside I ... everything 's about the goddamn job with you . burt remain stoic . ( though silent so far , he should be a huge presence in the scene -- other look to he for reaction , approval , etc . ) Joseph sharpen : joseph grusinsky Whole city 's fall apart , Bobby - - do not you get any sense of responsibility at all ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 4 ) bobby GREEN c'mon ... get off you fuckin ' high horse and bust somebody else 's ball . burt grusinsky ( finally , to Joseph ) all right , go downstairs . lemme talk to he . burt gesture to Mike and Jack , and they exit . Joe do not respond at first . then , begrudgingly , to Bobby : joseph grusinsky thanks for come . bobby GREEN you be welcome . joseph grusinsky just be careful out there next coupla week . bobby GREEN be that suppose to mean ?!? burt grusinsky Joseph ! Joseph linger , leave . Father and son . alone . then , stare straight ahead as he take a drag of he cigarette : bobby GREEN congratulation . you get I up here . burt grusinsky I know you would not help we . I tell you brother , I say , `no point even bring he down here . ' bobby GREEN good . then now you know . Bobby start to leave . burt grab he arm : burt grusinsky hold on a second -- lemme ask you a question . that girl of yours downstairs -- she Puerto rican ? bobby GREEN yeah . I like the dark meat . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 5 ) burt grusinsky she hook you up ? bobby GREEN ( let out a chuckle ) why , you want some ? burt grusinsky yeah , keep laugh -- you mother , rest in peace , I think she be too easy on you . bobby GREEN I gotta go , pop . I will see you `round . Bobby turn he back on burt , get up to walk downstairs . burt remain emotional , reach out to he son when Bobby be not look , lowering it to no avail . int . basement the music be off now . Bobby come down , burt follow . Joseph be get something whisper in he ear by another cop . a squat man with a bad toupee start to speak : nypd deputy commissioner spiro giavannis . spiro giavannis everyone ? everyone ! Rosario be lean up against a post , drink , watch the party . she stare down a guy who ogle her lasciviously . with a sense of humor , she wink at he : rosario diaz you take a picture , it will last longer . Bobby approach Rosario , grab she hand : bobby GREEN c'mon , let 's get outta here , [ we will ] go party with jumbo . he tug she away . she stop he . with assurance : rosario diaz we could stay if you want , baby . they do not like I , I do not care -- you be better than they anyway -- bobby GREEN ( wave she off ) we be goin ' . c'mon . ( continued ) 16 . continued : she hurriedly put down she drink . Joe stand near spiro , but he attention be on he brother : spiro giavannis I be deputy commissioner spiro giavannis -- applause . Bobby , Rosario move to the exit . simultaneous : spiro giavannis ( cont 'd ) you know , we look around in this troubled time , and in moment like this we need leader , man and woman who can bring order back to we great community . we be here this holiday season to give thanks for one of this man , we Russian brother , Joseph grusinsky . cheer . Joseph smile , wave . fill with hubris . spiro giavannis ( cont 'd ) ... Joseph , many of we have know you father , deputy Chief burt grusinsky , for many year , and I know he want to say a little something . Chief ? applause for burt , who wave , step up : burt grusinsky thank you . you know , I use to tell my kid , " work first , play later , " and my son Joseph really take it to heart . he 's be a real fighter over the year ... he overcome he mother 's pass , and the dyslexia- - eventually wound up graduate John jay as salutatorian and distinguished himself many time . ( turn to Joseph ) anyway , you have show yourself to be very brave and selfless , and I be just , I be very proud here tonight . big applause as joseph step forward . bobby and rosario squeeze through the crowd , to the stair . joseph grusinsky thank you everybody for come -- happy Thanksgiving . before I say anything else ... we get some bad news this morning . ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) one of we irish brother be kill in the line of duty last night -- detective Edward conlon be gun down serve a warrant on Northern boulevard . the clock 's about to strike ten , so I think we might give a moment of silence to remember . bobby stop . instinctively , he turn back to the room , motion to Rosario to stop . out of respect . she do . then : the church bell ring . ten time . silence . the bell gong . the camera dolly past : joseph and he family , and jack , and michael , then past rosario , and burt , and bobby . the bell stop . the sea of blue , the police , genuflect . we character do not . instead , bobby stare at joseph and burt across the crowded room . they return the glare , and Bobby exit ... ext . queen STREET - front of a apartment build - day the camera tilt up to a apartment window . we CUT inside : int . bobby's apartment - live room music up : prince' " housequake . " hot girl and flashy - look guy . the man be drink . the woman make themselves up en masse in front of a large mirror over the sofa . a couple kiss in the corner . everyone 's get ready for a night of revelry on the town . they be singing , have a great time . the decor be late ` 70' , though not exaggeratedly so . drug be everywhere . we move past this to : int . bobby's bedroom pan around the room : a set of weight on the carpete floor , with clothes scattered everywhere ; on the wall , a jet football schedule , a led Zeppelin poster . Bobby be primping in the mirror . Rosario stand on Bobby 's king bed , dancing sensually to the music in a state of partial undress . she move with great freedom , puffing on a joint . rosario diaz I be gonna be like madonna . you think I be like madonna ...? Bobby see Rosario in the reflection ; he face light up . rosario diaz ( cont 'd ) we be both leos , you know . bobby GREEN you be just like she , baby ... ( continued ) 18 . continued : Bobby open he top drawer to get a watch . reveal thousand of dollar in cash , hide underneath a fake drawer bottom . traces he finger across the money with private pride , then put on the watch . Rosario bounce down on the bed . reaching under the bed sneakily , she pull out a small box . she hide it . then : rosario diaz I talk to my mother yesterday . she say she would be okay by herself , so I could move in if I want ... bobby GREEN that 's cool . rosario diaz ( without self - pity ) you family be not gonna be too happy , though . I see how they look at I . bobby GREEN it 's all right -- they do not like nobody outside they own little world . rosario diaz yeah ... you know , cops're fuck up . in my neighborhood , if they be not take money , they be beat on you for no reason ... bobby GREEN my brother and my father be not like that . it 's just -- the whole thing be not for I , that 's all . Bobby approach she . take a puff of her joint . then , intimately : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you know how gorgeous you be ? Bobby push she down on the bed . start kissing she on the neck , lip , then breast . caress she hip , he lean back and look at she , observe the brightness and kindness of she face . her eye -- mild , calm , and truthful -- and she smile carry he into a wave of tenderness . he move in to kiss she again , and under he breath : rosario diaz wait -- she take out a little jewelry BOX . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) rosario diaz ( cont 'd ) I get you something . bobby GREEN what be it ? rosario diaz open it up ! he open it . a chain . a simple gold chain . bobby GREEN ... it 's beautiful ... she take it out , put it around he neck . she have a huge smile , ear to ear . he look at she , move . a flood of emotion . sotto : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) ... you be so good to I ... rosario diaz I love you ... and someday we be gonna get a big house together , in New Jersey , with a lotta kid ... bobby GREEN only if you behave yourself ... Bobby gently spread she leg , start to rub the inside of she thigh . then move to she breast . kiss she with love . Rosario clutches he , secure . the doorbell ring . int . bobby's apartment - live room a muss Bobby enter from the bedroom , pass the party . Bobby open the front door : Louis , hazel . thrill , he wave they in . when the rest of the room see Louis , they scream " jumbo ! " he hold he arm aloft , as if greeting a ador crowd . bobby GREEN uh oh - -[ the ] party 's really gonna get start now ! louis falsetti yeah -- let 's all play spin my Pickle ! as everyone guffaw , freddie the bouncer yell out : freddie hey falsetti ! you get what we want ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : louis falsetti ( grinning ) indeed I do , my friend ! ( quieter , to Bobby ) see , I woulda be here sooner , icept I hadda go across town , lose all the cop -- hazel there be not no cop follow we ! louis falsetti shut you mouth ! you would not recognize `em - - they be , they be all undercover . Bobby laugh happily , know this be bullshit . hazel shake she head , join the gal . Louis start empty he pocket . out come a pharmacy . drug spill all over a formica endtable . louder : louis falsetti ( cont 'd ) anyway , I get a little of what everybody ask for here . I get upper , downer , hash , mescaline , some blow - bobby GREEN any Spanish fly in there for you ? louis falsetti yeah , you need that , not I ! Bobby laugh again , ping Louis on the ear . Lou grab he head , but ignore the needle . Louis look up , observe Bobby 's clothes : louis falsetti ( cont 'd ) and what 's with the suit anyway ? you look like a monkey in the circus ! bobby GREEN I be goin ' up to see buzhayev tonight . I think he 's gonna ask I to buy into the club . louis falsetti yeah ? well , you know what you should do , you should turn it into a fag joint and then maybe they will let ya in ! ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby GREEN I will show you a fuckin ' faggot ! Bobby start to punch Louis in the arm , playfully but hard . Rosario enter the room , sing along with the song that 's play ( yaz' " situation " ) . she move to Bobby 's side , mock punch Louis ' stomach too . to the gang , with cheer : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) everybody , I gotta be at El caribe in a hour , so get ready ! int . police station - weapon depot silence , except for the clicking of gun mechanism . the troops gird for battle , check they weapon . joseph be here , as be Jack and Michael and a whole gang of cop . bustle by a set of locker . very businesslike . Joseph clean he piece . Michael lean over to he : michael solo the spot 's get one main entrance , two rear fire exit . all of `em will be cover . joseph grusinsky good . I just wanna make sure we take it easy in there . we do not want no panic . jack shapiro what if you brother 's inside ? joseph grusinsky it 's he day off . he be not gonna be there . Joseph click he weapon into place . michael solo what if he be ? we still go ? Joseph be deeply troubled by the prospect . michael solo ( cont 'd ) what 's it gonna be ? angle on joseph . ext . EL caribe nightclub mob scene . Bobby and Rosario and Louis and the gang enter . 22 . int . EL caribe - club entrance Bobby gleefully shake hand upon enter , then split from the group . Rosario join several girl as they fix themselves up in front of large lobby mirror ... int . marat' apartment - foyer / live room open the door be kalina , who embrace he . in Russian : kalina buzhayev ( subtitle ) Bobby ! we daughter and she husband eli come by for dinner . you want something , some tea ? bobby GREEN no no , I be all right ... hi everybody ... a grow woman , marat 's daughter masha , wave while sifting through a stack of fur on the sofa . one of she young child , a daughter , hold she hand . int . dine room marat sit at the head of a table with lot of food ( include a huge smoked fish ) on it . he wave Bobby over , ebullient . eli mirichenko , masha 's husband , be seat here , too -- try to talk to he young toddler son . Bobby sit down , next to marat . bobby GREEN everything 's really rockin ' tonight . line 's halfway `round the block . marat buzhayev yes , it 's good ... the toddler run to Bobby . Bobby lift the youngster onto he knee ; as he bounce the child on he knee , he turn back to marat : bobby GREEN you want to talk to I ? marat nod , wave to kalina for drink . marat buzhayev you know , maybe we open another spot next year . across from Brighton . ( continued ) 23 . continued : bobby GREEN ' S a good move . marat buzhayev we need someone in charge here full - time , then . and we think you do a great job . bobby GREEN I appreciate that . you know , I be think `bout it -- I would like to become a partner here too -- buy in with you . ( beat ) I mean , I get a lot of idea . kalina buzhayev ( subtitle ) ( excite ) already ! he 's get so many idea ! bobby GREEN well , I just think we could do more . maybe expand into sheepshead Bay . I know a good spot -- we add a restaurant there , get the spill - over . like what you brother do , in Miami . marat nod , consider this . reaches to the fish . he take the eye out of the fish and start to suck on it . daughter masha stand behind she seat husband , hold and bounce she little girl . eli ante up , to marat : eli mirichenko that 's gonna take a lot of money , papa . you fur business can support that right now ? marat wave he off . turn back to Bobby , be eli : marat buzhayev my son- in - law , he worry people take advantage of I . bobby GREEN I can understand that . but I get money to invest -- we could make it something real special over there . do what I do downstairs -- you know , bring in name dj on different night ? ( beat ) what do you think ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 2 ) marat grin from ear to ear . excitedly , he nod . then : marat buzhayev yes . together we do it . you come to we Thanksgiving again , on Thursday ? bobby GREEN yeah , sure . I will come . marat buzhayev good -- we talk more , at the dinner . the two hug . Bobby be be show out by kalina , and be about to depart when buzhayev call to he wife in Russian : marat buzhayev ( cont 'd ) give he , for tonight ! she reach for she purse . but Bobby refuse graciously , wave it off as he exit : bobby GREEN Nah nah , no thank you ... int . EL caribe nightclub - MAIN room a large neon SUN be lower from the top of the theater . sitting on it , sing : ` 80 's pop STAR taylor dane . the crowd goe nut . as this happen : bobby enter , sit down at a table against the back wall . Louis be next to he . louis falsetti my brother ! how would it go ? ( Bobby smile , wink ) Ho , well ! I be guess it go pretty good then ! bobby GREEN listen -- I get this do , I want you to be a host . in one of we spot . louis falsetti that 's my specialty . I be whaddaya call , a people person ! bobby GREEN well , just make sure you get you old co-worker from the Health Department to give we a pass on the kitchen . ( continued ) 25 . continued : louis falsetti yeah , no problem - - half of `em get rat as pet anyway . bobby GREEN where 's Rosario ? without a word , Louis motion : across the room at a large corner table : vadim nezhinski , seat in the center . surrounded by two young girl and slavic-featured man and dark -skin latino . a latino man and one of vadim 's guy , a young dark - skinned white man , converse at the table . after a beat , the two man move to the coat check area . cash stack on the edge of the table . rosario appear , come through the crowd . she go to nezhinski 's table , count out money for he . nezhinski appear affectionate with she , stick some of the bill in she hand . Bobby turn away from vadim 's sight . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) goddamnit ... [ she 's ] with that fuckin ' animal again . louis falsetti she 's a player , Bob . you know how it go . bobby GREEN look at he ... I will tell you , [ when ] this be my place , we will kick he fuckin ' ass right outta here -- louis falsetti ( flustered ) Bob ! you gotta watch you mouth ! I mean , he do not scare I , but uh , but trust I , I know . bobby GREEN yeah , you know a lot . louis falsetti I do , I be serious ! ( move closer ) last year , one of he guy be gonna flip ? Jesus Christ , what I see ... the camera move into a close - up on louis : CUT to : 26 . int . men' room - flashback it 's the man 's room in the club . Louis be in the stall , he pants pull down . he hear : nezhinski 's voice and a muffle struggle . Louis immediately pull he foot up , squatting on the toilet seat . look into the crack in the stall door . we still hear : louis falsetti nezhinski drag he into the toilet . they stand he up against the wall and hold he -- we see exactly this . nezhinski face the man . two associate of nezhinski 's hold he back , cover he mouth with silver electrical tape . louis falsetti ( cont 'd ) they fuckin ' pull down he pants , and I swear to God , nezhinski just cut it off . nezhinski 's associate pull down he pants , and Louis see the man 's bare ass . the man be panic , muffle cry for help penetrate even the flashback . nezhinski pull out he switchblade , hold it up to he face , then lower it . a glint of reflection on the knife . horrible . int . club back to the present . louis falsetti worst thing I ever see in my life , bob. ( beat ) anyway , cop find he head in the middle of Brighton Avenue the next day -- fuckin ' dick be in he mouth . bobby GREEN you sure it be not you dick ? louis falsetti yeah , that 's funny . ( beat ) you sure it be not you mouth ? Bobby laugh heartily . just then , vadim see he . pavel hold up he drink in acknowledgement and wave he over . bobby GREEN shit ... I will be right back . ( continued ) 27 . continued : vadim' table Bobby walk to the table . there 's a lot of food around vadim - - he 's eat off six different plate . Bobby be really only focus on Rosario . when Rosario see he ( she would be count bill ) she brighten , virtually get out of she seat : rosario diaz hi , honey ! vadim nezhinski Bobby -- c'mon , join we ! I wanna talk to you ! ad - lib greeting . Bobby sit between Rosario and nezhinski . Rosario kiss he , grab onto he arm ; vadim put he arm around Bobby 's shoulder . turn to he people : vadim nezhinski ( cont 'd ) this be the fuckin ' guy right here . practically own the place . mumble agreement . the man surround vadim be " yes " man , and they seem to take they cue from he . to Bobby : vadim nezhinski ( cont 'd ) everything all right with you ? bobby GREEN ( nod ; then , coolly : ) thing be goin ' good . vadim nezhinski that 's real good ... ` Cause you gotta be happy , you know ? all my guy , I tell `em , the mind and the body , they be connect . that 's how you stay sharp . pavel lubyarsky this 's " kid Quick " you be talk to , dude . best fuckin ' middleweight in the Ukraine . Bobby look at vadim 's ample waistline . bobby GREEN he do not look like a middleweight no more . everyone laugh , vadim most of all . he kiss Bobby on the head . Bobby look at Rosario as vadim continue : ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 2 ) vadim nezhinski you know Bobby , my uncle upstairs , he , he like you a lot . practically think you be one of he kid . bobby GREEN you uncle 's a great man . smart man . vadim nezhinski yeah ... smart smart stupid . get he head bury in book all day , `stead of the real world ... ad - lib amusement from the " yes " man . vadim move closer : vadim nezhinski ( cont 'd ) listen uh , I come to you , I tell you I get some friend bringin ' a load in here , maybe something big -- I be just talk now -- they bring it in , how do you feel about that ? bobby GREEN you uncle lose he license , he be not gonna be too happy . vadim nezhinski well , upstairs do not gotta know everything , be I right ? place get pack every night , everybody win . Bobby do not respond , instead nodd to some patron who shout out hellos . vadim shake Bobby 's shoulder with affection . intimate : vadim nezhinski ( cont 'd ) you know , you should think about comin ' in with we . you be popular -- you could help we ... expand a little . a lotta money in it . bobby GREEN yeah ... I will think about that . Rosario -- I wanna talk to you . vadim nezhinski go ahead . we will talk . Bobby take Rosario by the arm away from the table . the bar as Bobby move with Rosario to the bar : ( continued ) 29 . continued : rosario diaz it go good upstairs , baby ? bobby GREEN you gotta stop deal . you hear what I be tell you ? this word hit Rosario , and we see that she 's troubled by she own behavior because she stare at she shoe , momentarily speechless . he grab she : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you hear what I say ? rosario diaz yeah , I hear . but I need the money right now , Bobby . and I be not gonna rely on you for everything -- Bobby purse he lip , frustrated . then : bobby GREEN just hold off then , for a little while . okay ? I get my reason . momentarily confuse , she mutter a " 'kay , " then kiss he . Bobby move the hair from Rosario 's face . rosario diaz I love you ... bobby's about to respond in kind when ... all of a sudden : boom ! panic . scream . light . the door at the club 's entrance have burst open . loud , like a gunshot . cop enter . plainclothes and uniform both . joseph come in , hold up he badge , which hang around he neck . with command : joseph grusinsky everybody ! get you hand on you head and do not fuckin ' move ! ( to a woman ) turn off that music . right now ! four uniformed cop bolt straight to the coat check area . all kind of drug and weapon start fall to the floor . the patron be desperate to get rid of any incriminate evidence , and both men and women run to the bathroom . 30 . int . men' room several patron start dumping narcotics into the toilet bowls when many cop enter and , with ferocity , hit they with baton to corral they . the toilet be back up ... int . women' room some girl rush in , other be already inside . two pretty young women be in the corner , freebasing , when cop burst in . one of the pretty Girls , out of surprise , start to shake the small pipe flame to extinguish it . the opposite occur , and the flame ignite the ether . the two girl burst into flame . cop Holy shit ! get the extinguishers -- call paramedics ! int . MAIN room the cop pin everyone up against the wall or on the ground . everyone be line up , searched . i.d.s be check . Bobby turn to Rosario : bobby GREEN gimme you shit ! Troubled , she nonetheless put a handful of pill in he palm . Bobby quickly swallows they . a uniformed cop approach Bobby : uniformed cop hey ! I see that ! get you hand on you fuckin ' head ! Bobby be brutally shove to the floor and searched ; Rosario be toss aside . the uniform cop , to someone else : uniformed cop ( cont 'd ) jessie ! this one just ingest ! all patron in the club , with rare exception , get forcibly line up , hand clasped on the back of they head . paramedics speed to the lady ' room . jessie the cop take out a ketchup squeeze bottle -- except it 's black -- and forcibly fill Bobby 's mouth with charcoal : paramedic arright , open up -- a little charcoal , to absorb the toxin ... ( continued ) 31 . continued : as Bobby gag , joseph walk through the club with confidence . the place , though absolutely pack , be uncharacteristically silent . he turn to uniformed cop # 2 : joseph grusinsky give everybody a toss . g.q. -- this get Mike 's attention . Joseph signal something to he , he nod , move to the back . Joseph walk over to louis , poke he gut : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) too much pizza , right there . several cop laugh . then : Joseph sees Bobby , and vice versa . close shot on joseph . he sober , he brashness mute . Joe walk toward vadim and he party . vadim have he face to the wall . Joseph kick he leg further apart . ( Joseph take he frustration about he brother out on vadim . ) in Russian , subtitled : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) turn around ... turn around ! vadim turn around . Joseph start to search he . he pull a wad of money from vadim 's pocket : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) what be this ? ( beat ) want I to double you money ? huh ? vadim do not answer . Joseph take out a huge swiss army knife he 's get on he keychain . he cut the wad in half . joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) okay . it 's double now , how 's that . Michael and Jack search the other member of vadim 's party . they rip out pocket . Michael point to a woman be fur : michael solo you get anything in there ? he motion for the mink . she hand it over . he pat it down carefully . nothing . across the room the uniform cop put handcuffs on Bobby and other . Rosario watch , upset but powerless . Louis be down , next to Bobby . unwittingly refer to Bobby 's brother : ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 2 ) louis falsetti Jesus , that cop 's crazy ! uniformed cop hey ! fat Albert ! shut you fuckin ' mouth ! several officer charge through now , pulling the latino man and the young dark - skinned white man ( in cuff ) from behind the coat check . Bobby be pull up , on he foot . back to Joseph interrogate vadim . as he look through i.d. : joseph grusinsky ( subtitle ) you get a cross and a jewish star on you ? vadim nezhinski ( subtitle ) the cross be for good luck . joseph grusinsky what 's the star for ? vadim nezhinski that one 's for God . just then , michael solo interject . in Joseph 's ear : michael solo coupla dime on `em -- cocaine , a little pcp . Joseph nod , acknowledge this news . he eye vadim , then turn to the two men : joseph grusinsky okay , let 's go . you . and you -- ( to the Young man ) you be under arrest , possession and sale of narcotic -- Michael read two other man , one of whom be a tall man from near the table ( a lookout , perhaps ) , they miranda rights in a totally perfunctory manner . almost mumble they . paramedics exit the women' room . Girls be on stretcher . marat buzhayev enter the main room of the club . he be escorted by two uniformed officer , who be very obviously not arresting he . they be ask he question and write down he comment . he turn to see : ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 3 ) a humiliated bobby , who eye he back . Bobby be then quickly ushere out along with ten of other . marat watch , as do Rosario . Louis and Rosario be leave behind , not have be arrest . neither have vadim . Joseph move close to vadim . with arrogant brio , be : the Dark -skin White man , in Russian , subtitle : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) you boy 's gonna turn . and then we will come back for you . joseph eye vadim , virtually mock he . vadim eye joe back with silent rage on he face . then the cop push the young dark - skinned man out , and as they do , he turn back to vadim . the Young man be terrified . Bobby , too , be haul out like a common criminal . cuffed ... int . police service area number two - holding cell the station : 1980' - era , very unlike one see on t.v . the wall be tan brick , pepper with fallout shelter sign . archaic , Robert mose era-like . lit entirely by large fluorescent overhead , noticeably free of that desk and typewriter that be familiar to we from other cop movie . a big sign above a bulletin board read , " we own the night . " Bobby be lead in by a portly cop . a madhouse . there be blood all over the floor , form a lake . portly cop Jesus Christ , what the hell 's goin ' on in here ? the Young Dark - skin man be right outside the cell , he body in spasm , cover with blood coursing from he neck . cop huddle around he as he kick and scream . uniformed cop Russian guy fuckin ' slashed himself ! after see this , Bobby be shove in he cell , he nose still leak the charcoal , blood all over he shoe . after a beat , he lie down on the cot ... ext . station - dawn Bobby exit , walk toward the nearby subway station . spot burt , who 's wait for he . Bobby ignore he : burt grusinsky where you go ? I be the one who get you outta there ! ( continued ) 34 . continued : bobby GREEN thanks a lot . I appreciate it . burt grusinsky you be a real big shot , be not you ! you see what happen in there last night ? hey -- I be talk to you ! burt grab he son 's arm . move closer : burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) you know , you and you girlfriend be only get off `cause of you brother . up to I , you would sit in there another couple day . Bobby look around . nobody 's listen . he open up . with quiet but real fury , and total sarcasm : bobby GREEN okay , I will go thank he too then . he come in , raid the fuckin ' place -- now I gotta go beg `em not to fire I -- burt grusinsky Fire you ?! from what ? probably the best thing that ever happen to you ! bobby GREEN fuck you , pop . fuck the both of you 's . enrage , burt slap he son on the side of the head : burt grusinsky do not ever speak to I like that again . you hear I ? I will rap you right in the mouth ! bobby GREEN you fuckin ' touch I !? you gonna fuckin ' touch I ?!? Bobby cock he fist . but burt be ready . a standoff . then Bobby decide against it , bolt . on burt as we go to : int . marat' apartment - day bobby enter . pack with people . a family get-together for Thanksgiving . Children abound , a party atmosphere . bobby be in the foyer , hold a cake he 's bring . ( continued ) 35 . continued : several fur laid out on a feel - cover bench . into the live room , he see masha and eli seat on the couch , hold the hand of they son , who be dress in a stripe suit . upon see Bobby , eli nods to he and masha enter the foyer , greeting Bobby with a kiss on both cheek and take the wrap present from he . int . dine room Bobby enter . sitting at the large table be marat , play with one of he grandchild . Bobby knock on the doorframe to announce he entrance . when buzhayev spot he , the child hide behind marat 's leg . marat let out a laugh at this ; to the child : marat buzhayev no no -- it 's okay . say hello ... the boy wave perfunctorily . marat buzhayev ( cont 'd ) now - - we go this week to the field , okay ? to ride the horse ? go to mama . marat address the boy clutching he leg ( ad - lib a Russian " go " ) , kiss he , and the child run off . Bobby step closer to marat : bobby GREEN Mr. buzhayev ... I be real sorry about what happen the other night . ( beat ) [ if ] I be work , maybe I would have be able to do something , but ... anyway , I be sorry . marat buzhayev it 's not you fault ... marat darken considerably . more interior tone , almost as much for himself as for Bobby : marat buzhayev ( cont 'd ) you can not always control everyone in you family ... ( beat ) my nephew , he do not come back to the club anymore . marat bring he hand to he head , look pain . ( continued ) 36 . continued : bobby GREEN you do not mind my say , I think that 's probably the right thing to do . ( beat ) thing get back to normal , I be hope we could get start on what we talk about . marat buzhayev ( shake he head ) we need time for the bad publicity to go away . bobby GREEN Mr. buzhayev , my get arrest be not gonna be a problem . I do not get a record -- with great effort , marat stand . marat buzhayev I know . I do not worry about any of that . he put he arm around Bobby 's shoulder . marat buzhayev ( cont 'd ) I use to teach chemistry before I come over here , and now I have the fur store , and this . one thing I learn here , you can always start over . so do not worry -- someday , we do it . okay ? someday . bobby GREEN yeah ... all right ... kalina buzhayev ( o.c. ; subtitle ) food be ready ! marat look at Bobby with great sympathy as they walk toward the live room . marat buzhayev you take some time off , everything will be fix in a little bit . then you come back . I pay you for the time . come on ... Bobby mutter a " thank you . " buzhayev touch he cheek . marat then turn back into the dine room , spread he arm affectionately and wide , yell " ohhh " to the child as they cheer . angle on bobby as we go to : 37 . int . police service area number two - upstair office present : Joseph , Michael , Jack . Joe 's seat at the head of a long table , which be cover with coffee , deli sandwich remnant , and police report , etc . they be work ; we greet they in media re . joseph grusinsky he stab himself , he be a bundle guy . mighta know how they be movin ' it . see , that 's the key -- all of a sudden , in come bobby . intense beat . finally : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) we wait `til it be you day off . ( beat ) we have to go -- I be sorry . beat . Bobby take a step toward he : bobby GREEN you have to hit that spot . joseph grusinsky nezhinski be see there , Bobby ! what be I suppose to do -- announce it in advance , compromise the whole thing ? ( beat ) c'mon . bobby GREEN I have plan down there . joseph grusinsky yeah , well , I try . what do you want from I , anyway ? you know , you be stand there feel sorry for yourself , but you would not be in this shit if you do not fuck around in the first place . bobby GREEN you get real ball say that to I . I make something for myself , and you come in and fuck it up ? just `cause I be not try to be like you ? and pop -- joseph grusinsky Bobby , you be the one act like you be above it all all the time ! ( more ) ( continued ) 38 . continued : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) fuckin ' around with you little Puerto rican all day -- bobby GREEN what do you call she ? joseph grusinsky you hear I . have some fuck class for once . Bobby take another confrontational step forward . rage : bobby GREEN you piece of shit ... joseph grusinsky ( ignore he ) [ you ] go around like you be a big shot ... you be a joke ! grow up already ! fuckin ' loser ... Bobby lunge forward , grab he brother . Joseph leap up out of the chair . a fight . awkward punch be throw . messy . Jack and Mike leap in , try to pull the two apart , holler " break it up " ad - lib . the two be split up , panting ... joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) you come at I like that ...? ( beat ) do not come around I no more -- I do not wanna have to look at you fuckin ' face ever again . bobby GREEN Fine with I , you motherfucker ! Bobby exit , slamm the door . angle on joseph , distress . silence , then : michael solo I do not know , Joe -- forgive I , but uh , you brother ... ever since you mother get sick -- joseph grusinsky ( interrupting ) do I a favor , do not get involved . ( beat ) we will pick this up tomorrow . I be gonna go home . Michael be quiete as Joseph pack he briefcase ... 39 . ext . joseph' house - night Joseph drive up to the house , a work - class part of queen . he park the car . int . car Joseph look at he knuckle . they be bruise and bleed . emotional about the fight , he look toward he light house , then open the car door . ext . car Joseph drop he key as he exit . reaching down for they on the asphalt , he hear a SOUND and look up and to he leave . a man with a hood over he head . look almost like a old - time klansman , with two hole cut into the hood for he eye . he 's point a gun right at joseph . Joseph 's eye pop , and he let out a quick gasp -- but he have no real time to react . the man pull the trigger . a thunderclap slap the silence in the neighborhood : the gun have fire . a flash of light . a mist of blood plume around Joseph 's head . the bullet hit Joseph in the face , through the cheek . he snap back spasmodically . a automobile , a monte carlo , pull up to the scene of the crime . another hooded man in the back seat throw what look like a molotov cocktail into Joseph 's car . the auto start to burn . Joseph lie on the sidewalk , bullet in the head , he blood everywhere . he seem pretty dead to we . the monte Carlo speed off . int . monte carlo the shooter slump into he seat , ducking out of sight of the street . he pull the hood off , over he head . it be vadim nezhinski . in Russian : vadim nezhinski ( subtitle ) get we onto the expressway ... move ! ext . STREET Joseph , on the ground . the car burn in relative silence . dog bark in the neighborhood . a beat . int . police athletic league boxing gym - night the pal gym , fill with off - duty cop box , jump rope . burt hit a large bag that swing from the ceiling . he be dress in sweatpant and a V-neck undershirt . ( continued ) 40 . continued : as he hammer away , he be involved in some cheerful banter with fellow cop : burt grusinsky you gotta keep you hand up ! keep you hand up ! then he sees , in a large mirror : two uniformed cop and the police chaplain edwin o'connor , stand near the doorway . he stop he exercise . they approach he . uniformed cop Chief ...? after a long beat , burt 's expression change , and he sense something bad . a long look at the man . then : burt grusinsky which kid be it ? the cop turn to each other . burt try to prep himself , but it 's impossible ; we see the crack in he sangfroid : police chaplain it 's Joseph . he 's at St. John 's Hospital . ( beat ) it do not look good right now . burt do he best to stay stoic . uniformed cop you want we to contact you other son --? burt grusinsky no . go on , I will be right out ... hesitantly , they leave . he crouch near he gymbag . close he eye . the color drain from he face . then , see other cop eyeing he : burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) what be you lookin ' at ?!? ( softer ) it 's get nothing to do with you ... all of a sudden , as if he 's be shot , he collapse . random boxing officer Chief ! Chief , you all right ? 41 . int . bobby's apartment - live room - night smoke and drink everywhere . madonna's " dress you up " play in the background . crowded . Bobby , Rosario , and Louis be at the center of a poker game . Lou sit next to Bobby , partner with he in the game and whisper into he ear from time to time . Rosario sit next to Bobby and watch the game intently . the poker pot seem exceptionally large . a stocky latino man be the main one compete with Bobby . Bobby 's a mess , maybe worse than we have yet see he . but he be happily drunk , he eye bloodshot . he and Louis look at they card . Rosario turn , look at Bobby for a beat . she see a small bruise he 's get on he forehead , kiss it . rosario diaz baby , you get a little bruise here -- bobby GREEN that be not nothing . he start rub she between the leg , under the table . she kiss he bruise again . Louis poke she . smiling and point to he crotch : louis falsetti I get a bruise too , you know -- right here ! Rosario let out a loud laugh . Louis whisper pearl of wisdom to Bobby : louis falsetti ( cont 'd ) so Bob , I think we fold . ( beat ) we fold , right ? Bobby ignore he . instead , aloud , to the latino man : bobby GREEN we will see you and bump you two c's . louis falsetti ( whisper too loud ) we will ? Bobby turn to he , wink . the phone be ringing . a lot . rosario get up , walk over to the phone near the sofa and pick up with a soft " hello " . meanwhile , Bobby put a whole lot of cash in the middle . the latino man look at he like he 's crazy . finally : ( continued ) 42 . continued : stocky latino man call . Bobby take a shot of liquor . turn over he card . he have a pair of queen : bobby GREEN siegfry and Roy , baby ! two fuck queen ! stocky latino man goddamnit ! a pair of ten . Bobby stand , clap once . Lou , thrilled , jump up and hug Bobby . louis falsetti bobk , I love you ! Rosario have a slightly serious look on she face as she call out to Bobby : rosario diaz Bobby -- it 's for you ! bobby GREEN who be it ? she shake she head as if to say , " I do not know . " slightly peeve that he need to attend to the call , he leave the table . as he do so , Louis , to some girl , proudly : louis falsetti I be the one tell he to keep goin ' ! then Louis grab the pot for himself as Bobby pick up the phone , several foot away from the ruckus . he cover he free ear with he hand to hear better : bobby GREEN hello ? michael solo ( phone filter ) Bobby , it 's Michael solo -- I get some bad news . ( beat ) you brother 's be shot . he 's at St. John 's - - they be workin ' on he now . I just think you should know . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) Bobby , of course , be stunne . the poker table in the background be a riot , a contrast to the sober message Bobby 's get . he turn he back to the crowd ; sotto : bobby GREEN be -- be he gonna be all right ? michael solo listen , you father 's come -- I gotta go . but he 's at St. joh n's . hang up . Bobby wait a beat , freeze , then do the same . Rosario know something be wrong , approach he . rosario diaz Bobby ? bobby GREEN my brother be shot ... they be operate on he now . Rosario see how remote he be , what a blow it be . she pull he to she : rosario diaz you gotta go see he -- be there for he and you father . Bobby eye she , walk to the table . a close shot on he . bobby GREEN game 's over , everybody . stocky latino man what , you shuttin ' it down ?!? bobby GREEN that 's right . I gotta go . louis falsetti bobk --? what 's wrong ? stocky latino man fuck you , man ! we be in deep here ! Bobby grab he coat . Rosario respond in kind , move to Bobby . he spin to she . in hushed tone : bobby GREEN what be you do ? rosario diaz I wanna come too . for you -- ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 3 ) bobby GREEN no -- it 's gonna be a fuckin ' scene . I will call you later . rosario diaz bobby -- bobby GREEN do not argue . Bobby move to Louis : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) Louis , lock up and take she home . louis falsetti ( confuse , he nod ) sure , bob. everything cool ? hurt , Rosario spin around and enter Bobby 's room , close the door behind she . bobby GREEN yeah , no -- I just remember I gotta do something , that 's all -- pat Louis ' arm as if to reassure he . then the latino man try to grab some of the pot . other player revolt : other player hey --hey ! what the fuck ?!? a fight break out . Louis move over to the women , hold they back ( odd -- they be not go anywhere to begin with ) : louis falsetti take it easy , take it easy ! calm down and everything will be , uh , non compos mentis ! pushing , shove . punching . Bobby exit he place , leave behind Rosario and Louis and chaos ... ext . hospital - night Bobby walk briskly to the entrance . media be all around , but they be not pay attention to he . they be elsewhere , with member of the police , each other , etc .... int . e.r. waiting room he enter . the room be jamme with officer and friend , include many face from the open party . ( continued ) 45 . continued : most of the cop do not seem to recognize Bobby at all . all the news media be outside , ban from the hospital 's interior . burt emerge from the hallway . he see Bobby , at first comfort by the sight of he son . but quickly he darken , and start to walk right past he . sotto : bobby GREEN pop ? burt keep walk . Bobby follow : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) pop , he all right ? Bobby touch he father 's arm , and burt spin around : burt grusinsky what do you want ? you stay out of it -- you get what you want . why do not you go somewhere and pick a fight -- you be good at that ! Bobby be speechless for a moment . burt pull he arm away and walk on . a mustachioed cop approach burt : mustachioed cop Chief , the union send a shrink over for you -- burt grusinsky Nah , I do not want that crap . enter : someone we recognize as the mayor storm in with he entourage . the commissioner ( william ruddy -- we will see he later ) and deputy commissioner spiro giavannis be with he too . they approach burt . Bobby move aside . burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) hello , you honor . commissioner . thank you for come . mayor Chief grusinsky , a attack on a officer be a attack on society . whoever do this , in a clean neighborhood like that -- they gotta be hunt down like animal . burt grusinsky we will get `em , you honor . I be gonna come back in and run it myself - - we will get `em . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) meanwhile : michael take Bobby 's arm , walk he into : int . SMALL phone room a small room with payphone . there 's a window through which we can see the waiting room . michael solo the shot go in he cheek and come out through the jaw . it miss he brain , thank God . close shot on bobby . michael solo ( cont 'd ) he be real lucky -- consider . bobby GREEN ( almost to himself ) I need to see he ... Bobby start to exit . Michael stop he : michael solo Bobby -- that be not a good idea . ( beat ) I probably should have tell you not to come down here -- there be a lotta thing go on right now . a beat , then : bobby GREEN you guy blame I for this ? be that it ? michael solo listen , I be not judge you -- I call you `cause I think you have a right to know . but we be gonna be go hard after nezhinski -- and maybe some other people you be close to . like that girl you know -- bobby GREEN that 's bullshit -- she 's clean . you fuckin ' keep away from she . Bobby realize that no one want he here . he look through the glass to see burt , still speak to the Mayor . Bobby storm out of the room to : 47 . int . hallway he turn toward intensive Care . sees a crowd down the hall . two guard block the door to the ward . determined , Bobby decide to walk over . guard sorry . nobody 's allow in except immediate family . bobby GREEN yeah . that 's I . guard you get some i.d .? Bobby hurriedly take out he wallet . as he do , we hear a soft chime . a woman' voice sound on the p.a. : woman' voice good evening . as a friendly reminder , visit hour will be over in five minute . thank you . guard say here you name be " Green . " bobby GREEN look -- I be he brother , you fuckin ' hard - on ! guard I be sorry . Bobby stare at the man for a beat , then make he move . charge past the Guard . guard ( cont 'd ) hey ! the Guards stop he , and a messy struggle ensue . all of a sudden , Joseph 's wife sandra emerge from the ward . she look devastate . the struggle stop . all fall silent , out of respect . Bobby step back . Sandra turn to look at Bobby . to the Guards : sandra grusinsky it 's okay . Bobby walk toward the entrance . stop . Sandra seem to read he mind , speak : ( continued ) 48 . continued : sandra grusinsky ( cont 'd ) he 's alone . you father just leave for the precinct . Bobby nod subtly , mouth a " thank you . " the Guards step aside . he walk to the door . pause . enter : int . ward Joseph 's bed be in the back of the large space . his face be block by hospital curtain . Bobby step forward . slowly , he walk to he brother 's bed . he peel away the curtain . look at joseph' face . Joseph 's visage be completely ravaged on the leave side , cover with bandage that be soak with blood . a terrible image . the emotion surge within he ; he 's heartbroken . it be a surprisingly painful moment . we can tell he do not expect this level of destruction . his mouth drop open slightly . Joseph 's eye open just a bit but do not look at Bobby . Bobby slowly lift he finger , touch Joe 's arm gently . his finger move down to he brother 's hand . Joseph be unresponsive but conscious . all of a sudden : nurse Sir ...? Joseph 's hand close around Bobby 's finger . the connection be huge . Bobby 's eye well up , and he rub they , almost ashamed of the emotion . it be a shocking outpouring of feeling from he . he lean over haltingly , kiss he brother 's forehead : nurse ( cont 'd ) Sir , I be sorry --i.c.u. visit hour be over . he wait a beat . the nurse gently pull he shoulder . he back away , he eye reddene . the camera move into a close shot on bobby as we go to : int . tenement - hallway a loud , active hallway of a housing project . graffiti on the wall , trash on the floor , but full of life . Bobby emerge from the elevator , emotionally distraught . he sees , in one far corner of the hall , two young latino teens smoking crack . he go to one of the apartment door , knock . open the door be a late middle - aged latino woman . ( continued ) 49 . continued : behind she , be rosario . ( the woman who answer the door be clearly Rosario 's mother . ) int . rosario' apartment - foyer Rosario 's mother discreetly back away from the door . he and Rosario stare at each other for a moment . Bobby grope for word . his emotion bubble up inside of he ; then , barely audible , he voice crack : bobby GREEN ... feel like it be my fault ... he sink down , hold she tight , he head at she stomach . she gently stroke he hair , kissing the top of he head . she shake she head to reassure he , whisper " no ...no ... " . in this moment , he need she . in this moment , he be like a twelve year - old boy ... dissolve to : int . cafe cappuccino - brighton avenue - night across from the El caribe . it 's like a scene out of balm in gilead here -- raucous clubgoer be eat burger and drink coffee after they night on the town . Bobby and Rosario and Louis sit at one of the table . Bobby kiss Rosario on she forehead as she reach into she purse . she look through a small ziplock bag with a vial of cocaine . Louis , meanwhile , be unaware of Bobby 's state of mind , and be busy put on a show - - as usual : louis falsetti where would you run off to , like a Jew ? you get outta there , it become like a real zoo . the spic -- ( look to Rosario ) ` scuse I -- the p.r.s , they be goin ' nut for the money -- picka picka picka picka - - and the girl , they be screamin' , and I be keepin ' everybody in line . I be fuckin ' bustin ' head , like Bruce Lee -- I be fuckin ' bustin ' head -- he get up and start kick and chopping in the air in the clumsiest manner possible . accidentally kick the waitress , who 's bring the check . louis falsetti ( cont 'd ) oh , `scuse I , sorry about that . Bobby pick up the check , hand Louis some cash . ( continued ) 50 . continued : bobby GREEN hercules , do I a favor -- before you kill a waitress , go pay the check . louis falsetti arright . but I will tell you bobk , nobody else could ever do for you what I do . Louis smile , walk off . scoops up the tip from a nearby table . bobby GREEN do not tell Louis nothing about what happen . Far as he know , my family move away , [ a ] long time ago . rosario diaz I be not ever gonna say nothing ! I just think ... maybe he could cheer you up a little . Bobby kiss she atop she head . just then : vadim and he gang enter the establishment . they create a ruckus . spot Bobby and Rosario , vadim amble toward they : vadim nezhinski hey , look who 's here ! rosario diaz hey vadim ... ( as vadim approach ) we be just gettin ' something to eat . vadim nezhinski ( nod ; to Bobby : ) you make it through that bust okay ? Bobby give a simple nod as well . Inside , Bobby be extremely uneasy , though outwardly he be quietly confident : bobby GREEN I do not have nothing on I . vadim nezhinski glad to hear it . without make eye contact , Bobby shrug ; then : bobby GREEN you uncle 's get some problem now , though . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) vadim nezhinski ( shrug ) he do what he gotta do , I do what I gotta do . he do not own I . bobby GREEN ( to Rosario ) baby -- why do not you go keep jumbo company , make sure he leave a tip . rosario diaz ` Kay ... Rosario leave the table . two girl walk by : girl hi , Bobby ! Bobby nod to they . vadim watch they walk away . then : vadim nezhinski you know -- ( move closer ; whispered : ) I still get my shit come in . some of we think you could help get it out there . bobby GREEN it 's a little dangerous right now , do not you think ? vadim nezhinski we get a lot of muscle behind we . lotta muscle . the brazenness of the comment shock Bobby . he look up , begin to focus . incredulous . softly , as the camera zoom into a close angle on bobby : bobby GREEN muscle --? vadim nezhinski that 's right . bobby GREEN a cop get hit today . they be not never gonna sit still for that . another member of the gang speak up : pavel : ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 3 ) pavel lubyarsky Police be a fuckin ' joke , dude -- the mickey mouse be not gonna do nothing . pavel laugh , and Bobby look at he with real resentment . vadim push pavel aside , motion for he to sit down elsewhere . vadim pull up a chair . sit down . intimate : vadim nezhinski Bobby , that cop -- they , they be not no problem . vadim turn over he hand . a spider web tattoo grace the palm of he right hand : vadim nezhinski ( cont 'd ) you see this ? I get this on the inside , at tchita . you earn this . ( quiet ) so do not worry - - we will get `em all . cut off the head , the body will fall , right ? you keep on doin ' it `til they get the message . ( even quieter ) we get all they name . on a list . vadim lean back in he chair . Bobby 's eye widen . vadim make a " pop " sound . Bobby try to hide he shock . vadim grab Bobby 's arm , squeeze it . vadim nezhinski cont 'd ) just think about it . you change you mind , you call pavel . bobby GREEN ( nod ; then ) I will see you around ... and the man move to another table . Bobby look at Rosario and Louis , who be stand by the register . they turn back to Bobby and smile , totally unaware of the conversation that 's just take place . close shot on bobby as we go to : ext . police service area number two it 's a huge municipal structure . Bobby bolt inside . int . police service area two - entrance the place be hopping , with police everywhere . almost like a fraternity house . bobby charge in , look around . pushes he way through the crowd toward the main desk . ( continued ) 53 . continued : sergeant provenzano , forty , ring a silver bell , which be engrave with the word , " homicide Bell . " the room quiet down . provenzano hold up he hand . grinning : sergeant provenzano everybody ! we little " a " House get another coupla stiff today , so it 's time for another poem ! ( catcall ; read from a pad ) " the people of Brooklyn have be volley and thunder ; at last the number slaughter have reach one hundred ! " applause . provenzano bow . bobby shove he way through the crowd . urgently : bobby GREEN I need to find deputy Chief grusinsky . sergeant provenzano oh , uh , he 's on the second floor , I think . in the muster room . ext . police service area number two - hallway Bobby look down the hall . he sees he father , talk to a crowd of uniformed cop . burt see he , keep talk . Bobby touch he arm . bobby GREEN pop , I gotta talk to you . burt grusinsky I be work . bobby GREEN it 's important -- I get information . Bobby pull he father aside , look around to be sure the two of they be out of earshot of other . forcefully : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) it 's about you . burt be surprised . his attention sharpen : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) it 's bad . burt realize the severity . then we hear : ( continued ) 54 . continued : michael solo ( o.s. ) Jesus Christ , you gotta be kid I ! int . police service area number two - muster room a large room , light by fluorescent . mostly empty of furniture in the center , with vend machine against the wall and a sole IBM PC in a corner . a huge gun rack be on the wall , conspicuous , a hint perhaps of the violence to come . it be Bobby and burt , Jack and Michael . Bobby 's be tell he story . he and burt be seat -- Jack look out the small window in the door , then turn the lock for privacy ; and a nervous Michael be pace : michael solo nezhinski get a hit list ? on we ?!? Bobby look at he father , then nod . mouth a almost inaudible : bobby GREEN yeah ... Michael purse he lip , then spin around to burt . michael solo we gotta go bust `em , burt -- right now . angle on burt . he betray no hint of concern : burt grusinsky no . they will be back on the street in a day . we gotta try and catch `em with they hand full -- find out where they get the real weight . then we can move . michael solo that could take we forever ! burt grusinsky do not matter . it 's we only play . uncustomarily , Jack speak : jack shapiro I say we go hit `em all . wipe `em out , suicide - by-cop -- burt grusinsky what be you talkin ' about ?! c'mon , do not be a first - class schmuck ! ( continued ) 55 . continued : jack shapiro but we do not get the time to infiltrate `em -- burt let he temper flare ; briefly , we see a more mature version of Bobby : burt grusinsky then we make the time ! ( to Mike , Bobby ) look , I want you all to understand something -- we do not ever play in the dirt here , okay ? not ever , no matter what ! ( beat ) you piss in you pants , you only stay warm for so long . michael solo what about callin ' in the fed ? they get a lot more juice than we do -- burt grusinsky bunch of college boy from Kansas . we protect we own here . Bobby see a open : bobby GREEN pop , nezhinski 's be talkin ' about a shipment he 's get comin' . maybe that 's how you get to he . michael solo how you know about that , Bobby ? bobby GREEN ( somewhat sheepish ) they be want I to buy in for a while . Michael turn to the other . brighten : michael solo well , maybe that 's it , then . if we can get he -- ( be : Bobby ) to set something up , maybe one of we uncle could move in -- ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) jack shapiro ( point to Bobby ; with some ridicule ) it would have to be he -- burt grusinsky forget it , both of you . bobby GREEN what do you mean , set something up ? burt grusinsky bobby -- michael solo you would go set up a buy with `em , just like they have be ask you to . we follow you to the spot , bust `em a week later . that way , you name 's clean , nobody know you be involved -- burt grusinsky that 's too dangerous for he ! we do not know how solid he cover be out there ! ( to Bobby ) that girlfriend of yours , she know about you , right ? so can we just get back to the discussion please ? a beat . Bobby be dead serious : bobby GREEN pop ? burt grusinsky what ? bobby GREEN you could trust she . burt grusinsky good . I be glad . but it 's not happen . so forget it . bobby GREEN but ... but you could get kill -- burt grusinsky do not worry about I , just worry about yourself , arright ? anything happen with you brother I will call you . Goodbye . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 3 ) a beat . Bobby be still there , fixate . burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) Goodbye ! finally , Bobby exit . we go to : int . bobby's apartment - bedroom - night Bobby enter he room , which be dark . Rosario be here , asleep . her back to Bobby . upon hearing he enter , she turn and look at he ( and US ) in slow motion ... Bobby sit on the edge of the bed , touch she back . she sense something wrong and speak , voice ravage by sleep : rosario diaz everything okay ? ( beat ) they say on the television you brother be do better . Bobby nod . rosario diaz ( cont 'd ) I and my mother , we say a prayer for he . something seem to dawn on Bobby : bobby GREEN you mother 's real important to you , be not she . you would do anything for she . rosario diaz yeah , I guess ... she look at Bobby , who appear deep in think : rosario diaz ( cont 'd ) you think about you brother ? about you family ? ( beat ) there be nothing you could do ... Bobby lean over , kiss she : bobby GREEN go back to sleep ... he lie down next to she , still fully clothed . stare up at the ceiling . she whisper to he : ( continued ) 58 . continued : rosario diaz Bobby ? it 's all gonna work out ... you will see ... ext . hospital - rainy day burt and Jack and Michael . burt be talk to the other in front of the hospital , but we be in wide shot , and we can not hear they . burt shake they hand , then walk inside . Mike and Jack walk in the opposite direction ... ext . parking lot bobby stand inside a abandon parking kiosk . ( he 's be watch from afar . ) Jack and Mike approach they park car . he try to obscure himself partially inside the kiosk . they see he . bobby GREEN you be up to see my brother ...? michael solo yeah . you father 's still with he - - we be just gonna go back to the psa . try and figure out a tac plan on nezhinski . bobby GREEN ... how 's that be goin ' ...? michael solo we do not get much yet , but we will do we best . ( beat ) you all right ? Bobby hesitates , then reveal himself completely : bobby GREEN well I ... I be think ... if you could keep it confidential ...? ( beat ) I would make the connection for you . michael solo c'mon --bobby -- bobby GREEN they trust I -- we could go in large , use my money for the buy , they will not suspect anything -- ( continued ) 59 . continued : michael solo it 's too dangerous -- you hear you father . bobby GREEN ( emotional ) he do not gotta know anything about it . do he ? michael solo if anything go wrong , he would never forgive we . bobby GREEN I know . ( beat ) it 's just -- I realize ... ( strain to utter ) .... my father die `cause of all this , I could not live my life know I coulda do something . ( look at both man ) I know the same be true for you . I know it be . angle on michael , jack . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) so please -- can we do this ...? Jack , Michael turn to each other . then : angle on bobby . prelap a phone ringing : int . " hello " phone office a small office equip with telephone , headsets , and fold out chair . locker line the wall . Bobby 's on the phone , wait for someone to answer . reveal : Jack and Michael be here too , with headphone on , listening in . finally : accented voice ( phone filter ) hello ? bobby GREEN hey . it 's Bobby Green . ( beat ) I decide -- I wanna buy in . pavel lubyarsky ( phone filter ) how much we talkin ' `bout here , dude ? Bobby look to the cop . they start mouth something , but he ignore they : ( continued ) 60 . continued : bobby GREEN fifty k , to start . Mike and Jack 's hair stand on end upon hearing this . pavel lubyarsky oh , [ the ] man 's gonna be good with that . how `bout tomorrow night ? bobby GREEN sound good . pavel lubyarsky arright . we will meet at El caribe , `round midnight ? ( with a sly laugh ) that way , you could dance a little , say hi to you girlfriend ... bobby GREEN okay . I will see you tomorrow . Bobby hang up . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) most expensive phone call I ever make . michael solo we will get it back for you . Jack reach into a nearby locker for something , then approach Bobby and hand he a small black beeper . michael solo ( cont 'd ) now listen : from now on , you will get all you information through this , at a undisclose location . you contact with we be over after you leave here . Bobby take the beeper . Michael touch he shoulder : michael solo ( cont 'd ) just be smart about thing . okay ? you get burnt and we gotta put you in protection , it 's still better than wind up dead . a informant die , they talk about you for a day . a week later , be not no one remember you name . ( beat ) Moral of the story be , do not die . you understand ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) angle on bobby as he sober . nod . then : bobby GREEN you need to promise I something , though . you will not investigate my girlfriend -- she 's , she do not know any better . michael solo she will not be a target . just make sure she do not open she mouth . bobby GREEN I will take care of it . Michael grab Bobby 's shoulder , a gesture of affection . michael solo you know we know you you whole life , kid ? good luck . int . bobby's apartment - later Bobby enter the bedroom . press he answer machine button , and a message begin to play . it be Rosario . rosario diaz voice hi , Bobby . it 's I . just want to see how you be do -- I guess you be at the hospital now ... I hope you family 's do good ... okay , I love you ... jumbo say hello too ... as she voice play on the machine : he move to the dresser , where he open the top drawer . inside : thousand of dollar --his saving . he begin to take the money out of the drawer and count it when : we hear a soft buzz . he quickly look over , check the beeper . he stare at the page number ... ext . flushing meadow park - foggy dusk a man # 1 stand by a bench , almost float in the fog . he be stocky , dress in a down vest . Bobby enter the frame , trepidatious ; he and the man eye each other for a moment , then Bobby hold out the beeper . the man take it . man # 1 take out a kel device listening unit and its accessory . among they , a cigarette lighter . he unscrew the lighter . complex electronic innard . ( continued ) 62 . continued : man # 1 you wire 's in here -- we're gonna follow the signal . find the stash house and make the deal , you leave the rest to we . bobby GREEN you gonna leave I all alone out there ? man # 1 ( shrug ; then ) I be not gonna lie to you . there 's always a risk . man # 1 hand Bobby the lighter . he fire it . it work . man # 1 ( cont 'd ) you cover 's blow , call for help -- do not try and be a hero . just get outta the way -- place could turn into a butcher shop . talk about pussy -- that will be we signal to come in early . bobby GREEN you come up with that one all by yourself ? man # 1 ( ignore the joke ) just do the deal and get out . bear in mind , you life be in that lighter . anything go wrong , the department will get word to you father . the man unceremoniously turn to leave . then , suddenly : man # 1 ( cont 'd ) and oh --g.q. tell I to tell you -- you brother 's come along real good . they reset he jaw and sometimes he 's awake . Bobby acknowledge that with a single nod of he head . the man depart . Bobby grasp the lighter tight , look at the man as he virtually disappear back into the fog ... int . church - early evening it be a older Catholic church , a beautiful interior . a line of young latino woman hold candle , sing as they walk toward the altar . a healing Mass . Rosario be here . ( continued ) 63 . continued : she light a candle at the altar , then walk back to the pew , she sees bobby and approach . Bobby look around , seem harry and paranoid ... rosario diaz Bobby -- what be you do here ? Bobby look at she , he eye fill with emotion . bobby GREEN I -- I need to talk to you . rosario diaz I be come home in a little bit . he do not respond at all . rosario diaz ( cont 'd ) Bobby ? he appear almost in tear ... finally , sotto : bobby GREEN I -- I be gonna inform . for the police . ( beat ) I be gonna help `em set up nezhinski . Rosario be shocked . almost inaudible : rosario diaz what ...? as she step back , he move forward : bobby GREEN I have to do it , Rosario . this motherfucker -- they be gonna come after my father . Rosario try to recover . can barely speak . sotto : rosario diaz but nezhinski find out , he would kill you -- bobby GREEN he be not ever gonna find out . he be not ever gonna know . rosario diaz but what if something go wrong ? what 's gonna happen to you ?!? ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby GREEN I do not know ... I would , I would probably have to go into protection . rosario diaz oh my God ... Rosario break down , tear flow . her hand to she mouth : bobby GREEN but that 's never gonna happen ! rosario diaz how could you not even talk to I about it ...? Bobby spin around to see if anyone 's listen . he pull she into a dark corner of the church : bobby GREEN Rosario , listen -- I have to do it . Bobby pull she to he , hold she tight . in she ear : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) I have to do it ... Rosario be emotional . then : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) everything 's gonna be all right ... do not worry , it will be all right ... still fervid , she be silent . club music up ... int . EL caribe nightclub - MAIN room Bobby enter the place , determine . he have a bag tuck under he arm . many clubgoer say hearty hellos to he . people be dance , have a glorious time . louis be here , thrilled to see Bobby . he hug he , effusive , heartfelt : louis falsetti bobk ! my brother ! I be call you all week ! where you be ?!? we miss you !!! bobby GREEN yeah ... sorry , buddy -- I get some legal shit to deal with , from the raid ... but I be not forget about you -- I will be back soon . ( continued ) 65 . continued : louis falsetti yeah well , without you around I hadda lower myself here by hangin ' out with freddie ! Bobby gently pat he old friend 's shoulder . interrupt this , freddie step in : freddie Bobby , hey ! Mr. buzhayev would love to see you , I be sure -- want I to tell he you be here ? bobby GREEN no , it 's okay -- I will talk to he later ... he then walk by the coat check . he and rosario see each other . he turn , sees pavel , in back . pavel wave to Bobby , and Bobby start walk to he . int . back of the club Bobby approach a table , reserve for pavel and the rest of the gang . Bobby join they , with he bag . bobby GREEN where 's vadim . pavel lubyarsky oh , he do not come in here no more -- bobby GREEN ( interrupting ) well , I get fifty grand in here . and it do not move `less I deal with the man himself . ( beat ) so [ if ] you be interested , I wanna see you stash , right now . no bullshit . pavel think a moment , eye he cohort . back to Bobby : pavel lubyarsky be on the boardwalk in a hour ... Bobby turn to leave . pavel call after he : pavel lubyarsky ( cont 'd ) and dude -- this do not shake out ... ( continued ) 66 . continued : pavel quickly draw he hand across he Adam 's apple . Bobby exit , pass by rosario as he do . she give he a fearful look ... ext . boardwalk - night the famous Brighton Beach boardwalk . Bobby stand in the cold , wait , hold he bag of money . alone . take out the lighter , the listening device . he fire it -- it work . look at he watch . in rummage through he pocket for a smoke , he find a little slip of paper with a phone number on it . he approach a nearby phone booth . Bobby hold the paper in he hand , dial the number . a voice answer : man' voice ( phone filter ) hello ? int . ST . john' hospital - intercut joseph on the phone , in bed . nearby , Sandra be fold he blanket around he . joseph grusinsky hello ? ext . boardwalk - intercut Bobby say nothing . joseph grusinsky ( phone filter ) hello ...? Bobby sees pavel 's car drive up . Bobby hang up the phone . take a deep breath . we hear : pavel lubyarsky's voice ( o.s. ) dude ! hey , dude ! ext . boardwalk STREET Bobby approach the car . pavel be in the back seat , call to he with the window open . pavel lubyarsky get in ! Bobby approach the automobile . pavel be in the back seat , call to he with the window open . another american sedan behind they . Bobby enter pavel 's . int . livery car Bobby take the front passenger seat . pavel be behind he . someone we don't know be drive . ( continued ) 67 . continued : Bobby be somewhat edgy , with pavel behind he . the car pull away from the curb . then : pavel throw a small towel over Bobby 's head . point a revolver at bobby's temple . Bobby be startle by the action , blind . try to stay calm ... pavel lubyarsky put you hand out , where I could see `em . bobby GREEN you know I . pavel lubyarsky shut you fuckin ' mouth and do it ! Bobby oblige . the driver , look anxiously in he rear view mirror , make a sharp left , and the car veer . pavel then pat bobby down , search for a wire , anything incriminate . to the driver : pavel lubyarsky ( cont 'd ) turn at the light ... the car make a sharp left . in Russian , subtitle : pavel lubyarsky ( cont 'd ) go leave . again . ext . STREET the livery car make another brutal sharp left , tire screeching just slightly . int . livery car pavel again : pavel lubyarsky's voice let 's go . no one 's on we . the camera move into a shot of the hooded bobby ... ext . STREET the livery car pull up to the curb . we be on : a strange residential street with tenement and graffiti everywhere . Dark , desert . many silhouett figure stand in doorway up and down the block . they be all armed , with shotgun and machine gun sling over they shoulder . a garbage can be on FIRE a few yard away . the man get out of the car . they pull Bobby out : 68 . int . tenement hallway they walk up the stair , pulling Bobby up over the step . he stumble . they pick he up , lead he to a door . int . tenement - apartment - front room someone pull the hood off he . Bobby look around . the room be absolutely bare . the driver put Bobby 's bag of money down on the floor . a teenaged boy wear a surgical mask come and put one on Bobby 's face as well . Bobby survey the place . where the hell be he ? with that mask on he face , we hear he breathing , loud and present , through the sequence . it could be night or day , we would not know . the window be block with duct tape to obscure all light . there be visquine hang from seemingly everywhere . part of room be cordon off with the material . silhouetted figure roam through the space like apparition . a slavic - looking man take Bobby 's bag of money , leave the room . in the hallway stands pavel , mask as well , armed now with a kalashnikov rifle . without a word , he motion with a move of he head to Bobby . " follow I , " he seem to be say . int . bedroom Bobby enter the room , right behind pavel . he sees : a dresser with a clock on it and a small mirror . tables set up in the middle of the room with brown jar on they . there be a television on in the corner , a Russian ethnic musical program silently unfold . there be other people in the room : a brown -haired man ; and two dark - haire slavic - looking women . it 's a assembly line for the preparation of narcotic . the slavic man take out the stack of bill . start count they methodically . pavel motion to the Brown - haire man , put up two finger . on cue , the Brown -haire man rub he hand together , then take two large jar from he desk . beneath the desk , Bobby spot what look like a enormous number of package of narcotics , stack against the wall . this be clearly there stash house . the Brown - haire man pour powdery content from a jar out onto he desk blotter . he sit down , take off he jacket , revealing : tattoos , up and down both of he arm . ( continued ) 69 . continued : the design combine several image --skull , snake , and the spider web element that mark vadim 's own tattoo . he take a rusty letter opener -- it have be sit atop the desk -- and pierce a GREEN package . White powder seep from the package . Bobby watch from behind the mask as the man push and pull what look like pure cocaine in powder form . he use two playing card to move the drug . Bobby eye that rusty letter opener ... the Brown - haire man dip a measure spoon in another powder to add to the mix . he be cut the drug . he continue to manipulate the substance , and he hand move with a kind of grace that one expect from a seasoned chef on a cooking show . close shot on some line of cocaine . pavel take a toot . he offer it to Bobby as a taste . Bobby accept . he pull down he mask momentarily , rubbing a rather large quantity of the drug on he gum , he lip . we hear : vadim nezhinski's voice you need to come here tonight ...? Bobby look over to see : emerging from the black , from down a darkened hallway : vadim nezhinski . everyone be wear a surgical mask -- except , of course , for he . Bobby eye he with eye that seem to become more bloodshot by the second . vadim nezhinski what 's the matter , be not pavel good enough for you ? bobby GREEN that 's all the money I get . and I be not gonna leave it alone . the slavic youth finish count Bobby 's cash : slavic youth it 's all there . fifty grand . vadim point to the money : vadim nezhinski where would you get this ? bobby GREEN from my savings . from El caribe and rasputin . ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 2 ) vadim nezhinski ( nod ; then : ) that busy you three key in here . ( beat ) with the crack on the street , it 's worth two hundred k. maybe more . vadim walk over to a stack of green package : vadim nezhinski ( cont 'd ) all the shit I get here be at least eighty - six percent pure . and we get a lot more comin ' in --a lot more . in a way nobody could ever trace . vadim step away from the narcotic and towards Bobby : vadim nezhinski ( cont 'd ) the whole city will be suck we glass soon - - you will see . we push the guineas out , the domo will work for we . bobby GREEN sound good . vadim look at that money again , take a step forward . Bobby 's forehead have bead of sweat . vadim walk up close . look Bobby in the eye for a beat . vadim nezhinski you be breathe heavy . bobby GREEN I take a little taste . vadim put he hand on Bobby 's chest , check he heartbeat . vadim nezhinski you know , I see fighter -- they breathe like that , mean they get nervous . ( beat ) you nervous ? Bobby shake he head . he be wire , out of it , but he pull himself together . his jaw clenches . with fire , a edge of defiance : bobby GREEN I be clean . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 3 ) bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you wanna search I again , you go `head . I just wanna make this deal and go home . vadim violently pull out Bobby 's pocket . out fall : a wallet , some change , keys , a cigarette lighter , match . he sift through the item , lighting the lighter . it fire . Bobby get slightly edgy . notice that the other congregate around the object from he pocket -- all except for pavel , who hold a AK - 47 train on Bobby . Bobby inch ever closer to the rusted letter opener that the brown-haire man have use to open a package of cocaine . vadim put down the lighter . and it occur to he : vadim nezhinski you get both match and a lighter . Bobby realize instantly that vadim be right . Bobby shrug , feign innocence . he brace himself and decide to give the signal : bobby GREEN I be gonna get pussy from this ... pavel lubyarsky ( befuddled ) what you say ...? Bobby look around . there 's no cavalry to the rescue . he try again : bobby GREEN [ when ] this deal go down , I be , I be gonna get a lotta pussy ... still nothing . pavel be attention turn to vadim . he move toward nezhinski , who : start frantically pounding the lighter against the desk . try break it open . Bobby scan the joint ... the men be train on that lighter , and this be he chance . he slip the letter opener into he hand . seem like we can literally hear the blood rushing through bobby's head now . setting himself , Bobby look around the room -- where 's that backup ??? -- and : the camera speed past pavel 's and vadim 's face , to the other side of the room . it move toward the window : vadim hit the lighter again . this time , it break OPEN . revealing a bevy of wire . it be clearly not just a lighter . the camera tilt up . vadim be enraged : ( continued ) 72 . continued : ( 4 ) vadim nezhinski he get a wire ! ( beat ) kill this motherfucker , right now ! it look like he's a goner . pavel raise he gun and charge toward bobby -- about to FIRE , when -- the door burst OPEN . cop everywhere . Mike and Jack lead the way , but there be what seem like ten of emergency SERVICES unit officer with they : michael solo hand on you head ! on the floor ! no one freeze . chaos . gunfire . pavel swing back to bobby , a terrifying look on he face . but Bobby be ready , and shove the letter opener into pavel' neck . blood cascade down the man' chest . pavel collapse on Bobby , still very much alive . his eye be pop , and he throw he hand around Bobby 's throat . vadim charge into : int . back room where he pull up a section of linoleum , revealing a trap door that lead down to the apartment below ... int . hallway - simultaneous horrifyingly --drug peddler , armed with all kind of gun , pour out from room everywhere - - on the first level of the building as well as the third . and everyone come out firing . the cop be forced to engage in a furious gun battle , the bullet coming from everywhere . above and below . several pusher be hit . the police have they gear and be reasonably protect , though two of they be wounded . bullet splinter the floor beneath they foot and the wall right above they head . they have they back to the wall as they only cover ... percussion grenade thunder through the structure ... int . bedroom a fusillade of bullet . confusion . bobby be caught in the middle . still struggling with pavel , this have become the madness of war . pavel bleed profusely all over Bobby 's chest , and this be a fight to the death . ( continued ) 73 . continued : Bobby wrench the letter opener out of pavel 's collarbone and desperately -- and repeatedly -- stab pavel in the base of the neck . pavel 's scream mix with gunfire to make a hell ... at that moment : a shotgun blast blow the top of pavel 's head clean off , spattering Bobby 's face with brain particulate . Bobby be force to get out from under ... we hear police siren . radios on -- radios 1 0 - 1 3 ! 10-13 ! 10-13 ! int . tenement - second floor apartment - back room vadim slide down to the back room in the apartment below . panicked , he cock he gun , search for a escape route . int . bedroom Bobby get up , into a crouch , amidst the gunfire . dodging the bullet . a esu Police Officer do not recognize Bobby as a ally , and he train he assault rifle on Bobby . Bobby scream , he hand raise : bobby GREEN I be with you ! I be with you ! this be inaudible , with all the ammo be dispense , and Bobby know it ; so he dodge the Officer ; the Officer begin to unload he weapon , get closer to bobby . and closer . and closer . Bobby be about to be kill when : he sees he chance . he charge backward . with ferocious determination , he throws himself out a nearby window . the pane shatter . bobby tumble through , he face and body riddle with shard of glass . ext . tenement Bobby fall roughly twenty foot through the air . his body tumble upside - down , toward a wringht - iron fence that surround the base of the apartment building 's side . Bobby hit the fence . his leg get caught on one of the small spike . he scream as we go back to : 74 . ext . apartment build cop car pull up by the dozen , from everywhere . out of one come burt grusinsky , carry a shotgun . he charge right into the structure ... int . downstair bedroom nezhinski open the window , about to go out onto the fire escape . a warrant unit officer be below . look up : warrant unit officer halt ! Police ! behind he : jack shapiro hold it right there ! hand on you head ! vadim spin around . freeze . his hand be in the air . vadim nezhinski do not shoot ! officer pour in , among they burt . cop forcefully push vadim to the ground . start to cuff he . burt pull Jack aside : burt grusinsky where 's my goddamn kid ?!? Jack be speechless -- he do not know . ( we see that burt 's question - - revealing Bobby 's identity -- register on vadim' face . ) vadim mutter , aloud but sotto , in Russian : vadim nezhinski ( subtitle ) he be a dead man ... officer ( not comprehend ) shut up ! get down ! burt frantically push through the crowd of cop ... ext . tenement - apartment - alleyway Bobby be upside - down , hang from the fence , but he be alert . two member of the emergency SERVICES unit approach he . on sheer instinct alone , he start to pull he leg off the small spike , he tooth clench . a army of esu troops and paramedics come to bobby's aid ... ( continued ) 75 . continued : bobby be be lower from the fence . a ambulance zoom up the STREET , to the alley . burt rush to he son . Jack and Mike come right behind he . Bobby look at he father , he face nick by many small cut from the glass . sheepish , he cannot say a word and avert he father 's gaze . burt grusinsky Jesus . emergency SERVICES guy he 's gonna be okay , Chief . ( to other ) clear out ! burt ease when he hear this . they move Bobby toward the ambulance . burt turn to Michael . sotto : burt grusinsky you guy go on a bust like this and you do not tell I about it ? you think I be bear yesterday ? michael solo I guess we do . burt grusinsky you be a real comedian ! he 's gonna need to be in protection now ! int . ambulance Bobby sit up on the stretcher as a medic treat he leg . burt approach , watch for a moment . the medic leave the post for a moment , and the two be alone . burt stare at he son , who finally speak : bobby GREEN I will be all right , pop . burt grusinsky ( shake head ; then : ) well , I guess I do not have a say in anything anymore . anyway ... you do it . you do it and it take real ball . ( beat ) but now you be burnt -- and we gotta get you someplace safe , keep you under wrap for awhile . bobby GREEN I need you to get my girlfriend , pop . I need she to come with I . ( continued ) 76 . continued : burt be get emotional , aware of how close he son come to death . try not to show it -- and fail . burt grusinsky I will get they to take care of that . just go get yourself fix up -- that 's the most important thing . with that , the medic return , and with a heavy heart , burt close the ambulance door . Bobby be alone with the medic for a moment in the back of the vehicle ; he watch through the window as he father walk to he car . Bobby sink to the cot , lie down . as vadim nezhinski be LED away in handcuff ... blackness . fade in : a local news channel : the story be about the bust : major narcotics seizure , 40 kilo of cocaine . a officer be kill ; two perpetrator ( among they : pavel and the slavic man ) kill . four other wounded . more than a dozen arrest . we see the perp , line up against the wall . vadim nezhinski be mug shot . we be tell he 's awaiting trial . in a related story -- channel two news anchorwoman michelle marsh : a news report on Joseph grusinsky 's release from the hospital . he be a hero , she say , and she tell we it 's be five month since he shoot . he be go home ... ext . joseph be block - sunny day several police car line the block . there be armed officer perch on rooftop . as protection . many of the house have " welcome home " banner hang from they . the media be here . neighbor be on they porch . int . joseph' house - dine room pack with people and play child . lively . food everywhere . two armed guard stand against the wall . a crowd surround someone . then , as the camera dolly closer , people move away to reveal : bobby , seat in a chair against the wall . his leg be bandage . ad - lib friendly hellos from partygoer , who surround he and treat he respectfully . pan over to reveal : rosario , seat next to he . she sit quietly ; he arm be around she shoulder . people be staring at her . ( continued ) 77 . continued : spiro giavannis ( we see he at we film 's beginning - - he 's the deputy commissioner and he 's in uniform ) shake Bobby 's hand enthusiastically . he use he hand to cup Bobby 's : spiro giavannis Bobby , hi ! spiro giavannis , deputy commissioner . glad to see you make it out here today ! bobby GREEN yeah . they let I come -- long as I bring this guy with I . Bobby point to the armed guard next to he . spiro giavannis how 's the leg treat you ? bobby GREEN good ... it 's rehabbing good , for only nine week . ( shrug ) do not matter , I be not no Fred astaire before . laughter from other . Bobby 's expression change , sober . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) anyway , it be not nothing compare to my brother , so ... ad- libbed agreement from other . a fat lady peek she head in , call out : fat lady everybody , they will be here any minute ! a rush toward the door . Rosario lean in to Bobby : rosario diaz Bobby , I be gonna go outside for a minute , have a smoke -- bobby GREEN just hold on , `til he get here . spiro giavannis you get any idea what you be gonna be do after the trial ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby GREEN I be not sure yet ... we be think about move down to Miami . guy I use to work for , he brother 's get a place down there . spiro giavannis gee , that 's great . well listen , you need any help , you give we a call . ` Cause we can be part of you family too . he give Bobby he business card . Bobby take it , mutter a " thank you . " spiro pat he on the shoulder , leave . Bobby turn to Rosario , know she 's somewhat out of place here . Children run by , have fun . Bobby eye they , then he lean closer . sotto , tender : bobby GREEN a lotta kid here , lotta family ... it 's nice , be not it ...? she nod . whisper : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you know how happy I be you be with I ? rosario diaz yes ... he lean over , kiss she . int . foyer a random woman , who would be look out the window , turn back toward the house . with a huge smile on she face : random woman here they be ! int . dine room Bobby brighten , begin to stand with only a little difficulty as he anticipate Joseph 's entrance . as this happen , Rosario slip out from under he grasp : rosario diaz ` be right back ... and she walk off . Bobby watch as she enter : 79 . int . bathroom Rosario close the door on Bobby , turn on the run water . then begin to rummage through she purse . find a small vial of cocaine inside . take it out , open it , but drop it in the sink . the drug spill into the water , wash it down the drain . frantically , she try to finger whatever residue be leave on the porcelain ... int . foyer entering the house : joseph and Sandra , he wife . Joe hold two bag -- one fill with card and memorabilia , the other with clothes . what seem like a zillion people be here when he walk in . everyone cheer . burt move right behind he , all smile . Joseph be thrilled -- but somehow not the same . his face do not look bad , but one eye be a different color from the other , and he 's have reconstructive surgery on he jaw . there be , of course , a scar , and he 's lose a lot of weight . behind he , burt wave everyone closer . Jack and Mike and other face we can recognize from around the precinct stand back , all smile . ad - lib hellos . a elderly neighbor come forward , giddy : neighbor wow , fella ! you look great ! ( point to he own eye ) you eye -- do it hurt ? joseph grusinsky only when I look at you ! laughter . then Joseph freeze . he notice : bobby , next to the armed men who have not leave he side . the two brother make eye contact . the crowd quiet a bit . Bobby smile at the sight of he brother . Joseph get emotional , too : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) hey , Bobby ... without a word , Bobby nod , move to he brother . as burt look on , pleased , Bobby take he hand and grip the back of Joseph 's neck . Joseph pull he brother to he by he neck . a real embrace . Joseph pat Bobby 's back . bobby GREEN I be real glad you be home ... the two separate , both smile gently . break the moment : ( continued ) 80 . continued : sandra grusinsky everyone , let 's , let 's move inside -- there 's plenty to eat ! Soft laughter . small talk begin . the group dissipate , move to eat , etc . burt move to Joseph : burt grusinsky Joseph -- we get some thing we need to discuss , when you get the chance . joseph grusinsky we could do it now if you want , pop . in the de . burt nod , reluctantly . all we man walk to the de -- except for Bobby , who hear : rosario , down the hall . she approach he . rosario diaz Bobby , I be gonna go back to the motel . bobby GREEN what be you talk about ? they get a lot of food over there -- why do not you go eat something ? rosario diaz ( shake she head ) N -- I be gonna go back . a beat . Bobby sense she 's not completely right . look into she eye , then , more a accusation than a question : bobby GREEN ( whispered ) you fuck up ? a muttere " no " from Rosario , hardly a commit denial . before he can say anything , from the den , burt peek he head out : burt grusinsky Bobby -- you should hear this too , for the trial . burt motion for Bobby to enter the de . back to Rosario : bobby GREEN we gotta straighten this out later . Bobby then move to the de . 81 . int . joseph' house - den burt and Joseph and Jack and Mike . Bobby enter the room . as he do , we hear : michael solo nezhinski 's cache be huge , about 40 key -- yayo , some angel dust too . burt grusinsky we be gonna try and turn he , get he to tell we how they be bring it in . but do not worry -- we will make sure he do plenty of time . joseph grusinsky he be not gonna be reliable , pop . Bobby close the door behind he softly . Joseph see Bobby , be surprised he 's here ... burt grusinsky well , you marry a ape , you do not complain about the stench of bananas . joseph grusinsky where be he ? jack shapiro he 's at riker . tucked in , nice and comfy . we be take he to the a.d.a. next week , for a meeting . joseph grusinsky I wanna go with you on that . see he fuckin ' face . Jack nod . michael solo I will tell you , though -- street be dead . junky be waitin ' out there for something big , no question . joseph grusinsky that 's `cause we get they number one . dried it up at the source . all of a sudden , a voice from behind : bobby GREEN that do not mean nothing . ( continued ) 82 . continued : everyone turn around , slightly surprised Bobby 's open he mouth here : burt grusinsky what 's that , Bobby ? bobby GREEN there 's a whole network full of supplier . the organization go deep . joseph grusinsky Bobby -- you do a lot for we already . you do not gotta get involved in this anymore . okay ? burt grusinsky I ask he to come in , Joe . if he 's gonna have to testify , he should know all this . joseph grusinsky this 's police business , pop -- you gonna make he a honorary member of the Force now ? a ugly beat . then : bobby GREEN I will be outside if you need I . Bobby exit , and burt watch he depart . int . live room the unaware crowd be have a great time . Children run around the room . Bobby sees guard # 2 , approach . burt come up next to he , take he into a corner : burt grusinsky bobby -- ( sotto ) what be say in there , he -- he do not mean it . Bobby contemplate this ; we see that he tacitly accept he father 's word . then : bobby GREEN well , why 's he goin ' back to work so soon , anyway ? he be not ready . ( continued ) 83 . continued : burt grusinsky no -- it 's better this way . I do not want he sit around with nothing to do , feel useless -- Bobby be about to leave . burt stop he : burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) hey , c'mere . ( Bobby return ) a lotta people be talk . about how good you do . ( beat ) and I think maybe ... consider the alternative ... ( beat ) ... maybe you might wanna think about join the Department . bobby GREEN pop -- burt grusinsky I could pull some string , get you through the academy with a early leave -- bobby GREEN no , come on ! I do not want that ! ( beat ) what I do , I do for you guy , this once . I get my own plan . Bobby motion to he bodyguard . burt sense he 's say the wrong thing . gently try to stop he : burt grusinsky wait -- do not go yet -- bobby GREEN ( to the Guard ) take I back to the motel . with that , Bobby leave with he bodyguard . burt stand there for a moment , frustrated . teddy , he grandson , run past he . nake . Sandra follow the boy . burt turn to see the naked youngster , then to Sandra : burt grusinsky can not you put some clothes on he ? 84 . ext . met motel - early evening it 's a cheesy hotel on queen boulevard . two unmarked car pull up . armed Guards exit the auto first , case the area . they be follow by Bobby . int . motel - hallway Bobby approach he room . a Guard , we will call he vitt , be outside the room hold he shotgun . nod a " hello " . Bobby move past he , open the door . the room be empty . bobby GREEN Rosario ? Rosario ! a beat . then Bobby spin around , furious : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) where the fuck be she ?!? int . EL caribe nightclub - night a number of people be here . it 's packed . we be on the dance floor . music : grandmaster flash be " white line " . rosario diaz be in the center of the crowded floor , dance up a storm . she be have a great time , surround by many would - be male suitor and Louis . she be laugh and stone , and she gyration be wonderfully erotic and free . as she move , she push the man away with a smile . all , of course , except for Louis . Louis dance a can can with two amused girl . though fat , he 's surprisingly graceful . all of a sudden : coming through the crowd : bobby . when Louis see he friend , he light up . Bobby 's furious inside , but strangely calm outside : louis falsetti bobk !!! Bobby glare at Rosario . he take she arm , start to walk she out . she try to pull Bobby toward the dance : rosario diaz c'mon , honey - - let 's dance ! bobby GREEN the cops're right outside -- let 's go . ( beat ; louder ) I say , let 's go ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : rosario diaz you do not gotta yell at I , Bobby . ( start to move to door ) ... [ I ] be just try to have a little fun for once , that 's all ... bobby GREEN Lou -- no more of this for she . it 's too fuckin ' dangerous now . louis falsetti ( sincere ) sure , bobk . I mean , she come here . Bobby grab Rosario by the elbow . she yank it away : rosario diaz wait ! lemme get my coat at least ! Rosario move toward the coat check , and Bobby follow . as he do , Louis walk with he : louis falsetti you know Bob , everyone 's be askin ' `bout you . we be all real surprised to hear about you family - - I mean , you father 's like J. Edgar Hoover -- bobby GREEN yeah -- we will talk later , buddy -- I will call you . but right now I need to get she outta here . Louis nod , understanding . ext . outside the EL caribe Rosario lead Bobby back toward the escort car . he lean forward , grab she arm . sotto but intense : bobby GREEN you gotta put everything in jeopardy ? huh ? rosario diaz no ! I be just dance ! I do not say nothing ! bobby GREEN you know , I do not think you realize how serious this be ? ( more ) ( continued ) 86 . continued : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) we gotta ride this out , `til this fuckin ' thing be over . ` til I can get thing back on track . look down at the ground , she exhales . Hit the side of a nearby car gently with the palm of she hand , frustrated . rosario diaz Bobby , what do you want from I ? I can not go out , I can not do nothing -- it 's like I be in a jail -- bobby GREEN I know . but I be workin ' on it , I be . ( look around ; then ) soon as the trial 's over and I get my money back outta impound -- everything will get better , you will see . she get emotional . shrug : rosario diaz it 's just , I feel ... I feel like it 's just you and all that cop all the time . and they look at I like I be a piece of shit . Bobby try to comfort she , reach out to she arm . as tear come out of she eye : bobby GREEN Rosario - - once this 's do , we will go down to Miami ... [ it will ] be a new thing for we -- a lotta opportunity ... ( beat ) I will talk to Mr. buzhayev about work for he brother down there . we will get you mother to come too -- I will even talk to jumbo about it . slight comfort . she nod . Bobby lean over , kiss she . he tenderly put he hand on she face . she kiss he hand . they guard be watching . she smile , and that love return : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) c'mon ... let 's go back -- this will all be over soon . I promise ... fade out . ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) fade in : ext . outside riker's island prison - early morning vadim nezhinski be be lead , in handcuffs , into a unmark chevy . both joseph and Jack be here . Joseph and vadim exchange look as vadim be place into the back seat . Joe 's expression be pure suppress rage ... joseph grusinsky I will go in the lead car . you stay with he `til we get to the a.d.a .'s . jack shapiro you get it ... Joseph get in he lead car , also a unmark chevy . both vehicle pull away from the curb ... int . stairwell - outside marat buihayev' apartment we see Bobby 's armed guard wait on the step . tilt up to the close door . over this , we hear : marat buzhayev ( o.s. ) we hear all about you in the news . we be all very sorry about you brother . int . marat buihayev' apartment - rainy day Bobby and marat buzhayev , inside the live room . Bobby sit down , on the couch 's armrest ; marat be in a easy chair , he lunch be serve on a t.v. tray in front of he by he wife kalina . the television play a Russian movie , and marat season he food . bobby GREEN thank you ... you know Mr. buzhayev , I come to see you today `cause ... with everything that 's go on , I do not think it 's a good idea for I to stay in New York anymore . I be hope maybe you could ask you brother if I could work with he , down in Miami . on he restaurant . marat buzhayev I could talk to he . I think he would like you very much . ( continued ) 88 . continued : bobby GREEN I would appreciate it . marat turn to Bobby , put he hand on he knee . emotional : marat buzhayev we be go to be very sad if you be go . have you here in this house mean a lot to we . you know , my wife and I , we have only daughter . bobby GREEN you always be very important to I too . ( check he watch ) I should probably go now . marat buzhayev Bobby -- you will always be welcome back here . Bobby be move . the two embrace . int . vadim' cop car the car be move . Jack be drive . another cop be in the front passenger seat . two other cop straddle vadim . silence , then , motion toward Joseph 's car : vadim nezhinski they do good . on he face . jack shapiro shut you fuckin ' mouth . int . joseph' car as Joseph look back at vadim 's vehicle , behind he : joseph grusinsky he make a deal today , maybe my brother do not gotta take the stand ... least that 's something ... int . vadim' cop car Jack put a cigarette in he mouth , turn to the cop next to he : jack shapiro give I that lighter . all of a sudden : ( continued ) 89 . continued : a van cross the line of oncoming traffic . come right toward they , slamming into passenger's side . explosive . a thundering SOUND , glass everywhere . the cop in the passenger's seat fly right through the front windshield . he 's probably kill . int . joseph' car the cop see this accident . the driver : driver Holy shit ! joseph grusinsky stop the fuckin ' car ! as Joseph pull out he gun , readying himself to do battle , another car pull in between they . automatic weapon FIRE immediately pin Joseph and the other two police inside the vehicle . int . vadim' cop car three men in ski mask emerge from the van , automatic weapon in hand . jack pull out he piece and immediately begin fire at they , use the wheel and dashboard as cover . he open he door to slink out . vadim hit the floor . the other two officer be immediately riddled with gunfire . two of the man pull vadim toward they . the third man in a ski mask be hit by Jack 's fire , but have just enough adrenaline to get into the second car . it speed away . int . joseph' car joseph , ducked behind the car seat and cover with glass , thrust he head up . vadim be gone . int . burth house - kitchen burt , dress in he v-neck undershirt , be reach into a jar of B &amp ; G pickle tomato . the television play " the people's court " . the phone ring ; burt grab the receiver : burt grusinsky hello ? what 's the matter ? huh ? ( continued ) 90 . continued : a beat . burt look disturb , then : burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! listen to I -- you and Jack get someplace safe . let esu take care of it -- I be gonna go get you brother . burt hang up , grab he jacket -- which have be drape over the kitchen chair . burt bolt out of the house ... int . motel room Bobby and Rosario , in media re . Bobby light a cigarette . rosario diaz you know , my aunt 's in Miami . we probably could stay with she for a little bit `til we get settle . bobby GREEN yeah , maybe . why do not we give `em all this bag to throw out -- it 's become a mess . a knock . burt barge in . Rosario stand . other cop come through the door as well , beginning a move . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) what 's goin ' on ? burt grusinsky nezhinski 's out . bobby GREEN what --? burt grusinsky you brother be take he to the a.d.a. and they get ambush . they hit three of we guy . bobby GREEN Jesus ... what about -- burt grusinsky you brother 's fine . we gotta get you move -- you have be here too long . Bobby look to Rosario , who 's in shock . burt look to she : burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) you need to pack up . ( continued ) 91 . continued : the two start pack ... ext . motel front - rainy day we character be leave the hotel , bag and all . the rain come down in sheet . they pause under the awning , wait for the car to be bring close . burt stand under the awning , look out at house beyond the parking lot . Rosario be rummage through she suitcase as Bobby stand nearby . vitt approach burt : vitt the guard Chief , we get three vehicle come around the corner . backup 's on the way . burt nod , vitt run off . the sound of rain . Bobby be put he bulletproof vest on , sees burt staring out . bobby GREEN you see something out there ? burt shake he head , move to help with the vest : burt grusinsky Nah , we be good . it 's just , I just realize -- I know this neighborhood . I use to come with my father , to work on the plumbing , for the house -- bring I along to do the talk . he only speak Russian he whole life ... ( beat ) anyway , it 's all change now . a guard approach : guard one more minute , Chief . burt grusinsky arright ... bobby GREEN pop ? Joe come close this morning ? burt grusinsky I do not know ... I hear he do good , though . you know , with everything that 's happen -- who know ? maybe all this will bring we closer together someday . ( more ) ( continued ) 92 . continued : burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) once this be over , you and you brother , you will talk , you will work thing out . bobby GREEN yeah , maybe . but you know the way he be . burt grusinsky Bobby -- you brother , I think he probably feel a little guilty , with everything you do , with you in protection now ... but he appreciate what you have do -- I know he do . Rosario be right behind they , listen . when burt stare at she , she avert he gaze . burt change course : burt grusinsky ( cont 'd ) look , I be just try to keep we together here , that 's all . that 's all I want . bobby GREEN ( relent a bit ; nod ) I know , pop . burt warm slightly , too . a beat , then the car pull up . Bobby look at he father with real feel . burt eye he , then touch Bobby 's cheek , a truly loving gesture : burt grusinsky ( almost to himself ) okay ... ( to a officer ) we will move `em to corona . I will lead the line . Bobby take Rosario 's hand as we go to : ext . motel parking lot three car : burt in one , head the route . behind he be Bobby and Rosario 's car , with guard vitt behind the wheel and the two of they in the back seat . a third car have two officer in it . that vehicle trail the other two . the car drive off . note : the following sequence be to be shot in a mostly subjective way , with the emphasis on witnessing the action as our character would . 93. int . bobby's car Bobby and Rosario be in the back seat . she look through she pocketbook for some gum , he remain focus on the view through the windshield of he father 's car . Bobby 's driver , vitt , follow burt down the street . rain be falling frighteningly hard , to the point where the windshield wiper be not move fast enough for the water on the windshield . upsetting . visibility 's terrible . the car swing onto the kosciusko Bridge loop . the traffic be sparse this early morning . we hear the thumpety - thump of the bridge beam and the windshield wiper . and we hear the steady , haunt hum of the bridge surface beneath the wheel of the automobile . Bobby put he arm around Rosario , in the back seat . re the rain : bobby GREEN it 's really come down ... rosario diaz Bobby -- I think I leave my watch at the hotel -- Bobby do not answer , instead spot a oldsmobile drive alongside he vehicle . seem a bit suspicious , the way it 's move ... bobby GREEN hey --vitt -- I think somethin' on we right ! vitt the guard ( turning ) huh --? a flash ! crack ! a bullet puncture the windshield , but we do not hear the shot . the hole seem to appear almost out of nowhere . the windshield crack down the middle ... vitt be hit in the shoulder , and he let out a pierce cry . blood hit the seat . Rosario scream . Bobby push she head down , into the back seat . the car start to swerve . Bobby climb awkwardly over to the front seat . take the wheel , forcefully pull vitt to the side . to Rosario : bobby GREEN get down ! ( continued ) 94 . continued : Rosario crouch , cover the back of she head with she hand . the water get push away by the speedy wiper revealing : burth car and the oldsmobile hitting each other , side to side ; then , a hubcap -- we do not know from which car it 's be dislodge ... come spinning at incredible speed . at bobby's windshield . right at bobby , right at US . we blink . Bobby swerve . the hubcap skid off the front windshield . Bobby brushes up against the guardrail . we see that it be all that protect he from spin off into the river , two hundred foot below . Bobby dart from lane to lane , and the third police car -- behind the old -- have slammed on its brake to avoid hit Bobby 's car ... the old be right next to burth car . bobby sees the barrel of the gun swing to burt . another big puddle --a muffled thunderclap sound ... the water slide away , revealing that the back window of burt 's car have shattered . Bobby be startle at this , he mouth momentarily droop open . he can see : he father , firing he weapon out the window at the old . we hear burt through the radio , a static - ravaged signal : burth voice ( radio filter ) they get a hit on ! get support , now ! Bobby pull up alongside the old . look inside . he try to get a good look but cannot . he sees two people in the car , one drive and one do the shoot -- boom ! and it puncture a hole in the side of Bobby 's rear door . Rosario be jolted --scream again ... bobby GREEN Rosario ! you hurt ? she shake she head , she face still bury in the vinyl . she 's hysterical -- but physically unharme . the traffic get denser now . the weather be terrible , blind . rushes of water cover the glass around the car , wreck visibility . we be on : the b.q.e. , with many truck , big and small , on it . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 2 ) the old weave in and out , in front of and behind , many large semis . bobby watch as : burt 's car be right behind the old . this be unbelievably dangerous . a truck start change lane . the old scoot past it before it do , but : burt do not . the truck clip burt 's car on the driver 's side . he sneak through , recover and keep up the pursuit . police car , siren blazing , join the pursuit ... the truck start to skid on the drench roadway . then : it jacknife , spin out . the Police car behind Bobby 's slam into the truck , make a macabre crunching SOUND . bobby's eye , as he turn around and witness the horrific accident through the rain - soaked rear window . it be terrible : the truck crush the Police car , its carriage flipping over and flatten the vehicle and probably the people inside . the old skid ferociously , pull off the expressway toward city street . burt 's car follow . burt 's car and the old be neck - and - neck . Bobby pull up beside burt . into the radio : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) pop , lay back ! but burt do not . burt have a clear shot at the hood man in the back seat . he fire . a hit ! we can see the blood spatter the perp 's automobile . the man 's head jerk back spasmodically . we hear : burth voice ( radio filter ) I get he ! I get the sonofabitch ! and then , close shot on bobby : three quick cut , closer and closer ... silence ... he see , through the rain : a long shotgun barrel come out of the window from the rear passenger 's seat area . his eye pop . the old speed up . the barrel of the shotgun turn : water cover the windshield , blinding the driver ( and we ) . the water slide off the glass . then : a terrible thunderclap . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 3 ) bobby watch as blood cover burth face . he 's be hit . he lose control of the automobile ... Bobby freeze , in disbelief . in horror . he father have be shot ... ext . STREET through the rain , we see : a patch of parochial school child , asian child , on the streetcorner . Bobby 's car peel off , away from danger . burt 's car be head right for they . in what seem like he daze last gasp , he slam on the brake . the car skid out , spin . the motion be dizzying ... the old be uncontrolled . the vehicle move through a traffic light , hitting another car . start tumbling , not on its side , but head over tail . it be one intense image . the car be upside down now . it slide for ten of foot before stop . smolder ... the rain fall , make a oddly serene sound . we hear siren . the Police be approach . burt 's car stop slowly . he get out of the car , he face a mess . he stumble for a few foot in the rain . bobby's car arrive on the scene ... burth eye be red , fill with blood . his jaw be open . he gasp for air , a vacant stare on he face . his body spasm . then he collapse , on he knee . fall . face down . in a pool of blood . the Police be in the background ... wide shot of the block as bobby move to he father , who be lying on the STREET . Bobby bend down , turn he father over . his father 's blood be all over he hand now . burt be dead . other cop surround they . Bobby look up at all of they , they at he . Broken , he push the other away . as water drip off he face : bobby GREEN do not fuckin ' look at he ! I say do not -- back up ! do not look at he ... ( continued ) 97 . continued : Bobby eye he father , spend , crestfallen - - but not histrionic . the camera tilt down . the blood from burth body flow into the street , along the curb , into the gutter . dissolve to : int . police station - hallway - night Bobby and Rosario , outside a office . armed cop be up and down the hall . we hear conversation through the wall . Bobby be stand , smoking a cigarette , hold back tear . Rosario be seat on a nearby bench -- wet , shiver , stunne . Rosario look to Bobby : rosario diaz Bobby ? could I call my mother ...? speechless , Bobby nod . Jack emerge from the office , approach Michael : jack shapiro no i.d. on the guy in the car . probably illegal . but Mike -- ( pull M. closer ) -- we have that place lock up tight . how they know where they be , I go no idea . michael solo ( turn to Bobby ) we gotta get you to a secure location , Bobby - - Bobby , emotional and glassy - eye , interrupt : bobby GREEN do my brother know yet ? michael solo ( beat ; then : ) he 's take it very hard . ( beat ) they have to sedate he . this word hit Bobby . his eye close , force tear down he cheek . bobby GREEN then you gotta take I to he ... ( sotto ) I wanna go see he ... Michael turn to a officer , motion . the officer leave . the camera dolly into a close shot of Bobby and we go to : 98 . int . joseph' house - den sitting on the couch be Joseph . he be try to be stoic , but appear want and tired . alone . we hear the crowd in the house , but they be in the live room . a knock : Bobby enter . bobby GREEN Joseph ? Joseph eye he , seem hearten by the sight of he brother . but he be out of it , emotionally bludgeon : joseph grusinsky ... I will catch `em , Bobby . do not worry ... Bobby walk over to Joseph , stand close to he . search for word . before he can speak : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) they be gonna need we to identify the body ... then , as emotional as we have yet see he , Bobby strain to get the sentence out of he mouth : bobby GREEN I do not know if I can do that . I mean -- ( beat ) I see he die ... Bobby break down . Joseph respond by clutching he tightly . the brother rock back and forth gently . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) I wanna stay close to you from now on , Joe ... ( into J 's ear ) I wanna stay with you ... int . funeral home - day the shot be of a small and bare room in a queen funeral home . in the center be a coffin . the camera dolly toward it . enter the room be a undertaker , with Bobby and Joseph right behind . undertaker we know mere word can not suffice in this time of tragedy . we be so very sorry about you loss ... ( continued ) 99 . continued : the undertaker unhinge the coffin . Inside be burt , eye close , clothed in a suit . we do not see the body ; what we do see be the reaction of he two son . Bobby 's grief be obvious , but he 's already see he dead . this be new territory for Joseph , who though he do not break down , seem overwhelm . both young man nod in acknowledgement , and the undertaker close the coffin . undertaker ( cont 'd ) now I be tell you be go to be handle the arrangement for tomorrow 's service --? joseph grusinsky ( devastate ) that 's right ... undertaker could you come with I please ? ( to Bobby ) we will be right back . as the undertaker lead Joseph away , Bobby enter a : int . antechamber where wait be Jack and Michael . Bobby give a fiery stare to the two cop . he approach they . sotto but intense , he tooth clench in a simmer anger : bobby GREEN you gonna fuckin ' catch this guy ? a nod . Bobby sense uncertainty : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you be not get nothing , do you . Michael look to Jack , who step forward : jack shapiro all we uncle on the street be hearing about a big deal , goin ' down maybe Monday or Tuesday . ( beat ) they do not know where yet , but ... we get a feel - - [ now that ] nezhinski 's out , he 's gonna be there . bobby GREEN ( grow emotional ) you gotta find that spot ... ( continued ) 100 . continued : michael solo you and you brother do not gotta worry about any of that . just take the time you need -- joseph grusinsky mike -- the man all turn around . Joseph stand there , wounded but committed : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) I will be ready to come back and head it up . I will be ready and , and we will get `em . ( beat ) after the funeral . Joseph turn and reenter the room with the coffin . Bobby watch he from behind , as he hand run along the top of the casket . we hear : brrrrrrruuummm ... brrrrrrruuuummm ... brrrrrrruuummm ... ext . interboro cemetery - day a limousine pull up against the backdrop of thousand of tombstone . emerging be Bobby and Joseph . they be both wear dark sunglass . Rosario and Sandra and the child get out behind they and be lead away by funeral coordinator to another place in the come processional . in the distance , many many people and a long line of car move toward the two brother . the undertaker walk away briefly , to direct some traffic . Bobby slowly put he arm around Joseph 's waist , prompt : joseph grusinsky Bobby ... I be real glad you be with I now ... bobby GREEN course ... Joseph grow more emotional , adjust he sunglass . leans to Bobby , clear he throat . sotto : joseph grusinsky you know , I be ... I be jealous of you , [ for a ] long time . Bobby be surprised to hear this admission , and be take aback by the honesty of it -- especially in this moment . Joseph grab he brother 's arm , he voice crack : ( continued ) 101 . continued : joseph grusinsky ( cont 'd ) ... I always do what pop want . and you be free ... Bobby tear up , he voice break too ; he shake he head : bobby GREEN no .... I do it to hurt he ... I disappointed he ... interrupt the moment , the undertaker approach : undertaker gentlemen ? the undertaker guide the two man toward the procession . just as the drum reach a thunderous volume , we go to : minute later . a line of car file into the cemetery , lead by the hearse . the procession be phenomenally long . the New York skyline be in the distance . uniformed police line the narrow road . the coffin be remove from the hearse , put on wheel for the move to the gravesite . Bobby , Joseph approach . the drum continue : brrrrrrruuummm ... brrrrrrruuummm ... brrrrrrruuummm ... people get out of they car . many of they we recognize from elsewhere in the film but do not know by name . one of the people to emerge from a town car be marat buzhayev and he ever - present babushka wife , kalina . the walk begin , with everyone salute Bobby and Joseph . behind they , the Mayor , the commissioner , all the rank and file of the Force . the turnout be enormous . Rosario be here too , though several row back . she be with the woman . Bobby peer at the procession , which be make up of hundred of saluting cop , other . among they , we spot : louis falsetti . at that moment , bobby sees he old friend , and the two make eye contact . Bobby be greatly move by he appearance , and nod subtly to jumbo . Louis salute gently , a slight and sympathetic smile come across he face ... simultaneous : Joseph take a look at the coffin , grow more distraught . he break down . Bobby be there to catch he and do . ( continued ) 102 . continued : ( 2 ) several white -gloved cop move to help , and then , try to recompose himself , he squeeze he brother 's forearm for support . tries to straighten : joseph grusinsky ... it 's all right ... I will be all right ... Bobby be devastate by see he brother like this and be momentarily render speechless . he tighten he own grasp around Joseph , lead he on the walk behind the coffin . further down the processional Rosario . walk . eyeing the cop , the cop wive . she do not fit in . cop be stare at she . she sees cop wive look at she , lean over to each other and talking about her . though she can not hear what they be say , she be make to feel terribly uneasy ... Rosario quicken she pace away from they , and the MARCH move on ... ext . gravesite the line of police and relative now heap dirt onto the coffin , which be in the ground . bobby and joseph silently lead the line , shoveling dirt and move on . Rosario move behind they . Bobby sees : beyond the cemetary ground : teenager have climb the tree . and they be laughing at the spectacle . Michael stand next to Bobby . a beat , then Bobby speak in a way that 's preoccupy . almost as if the word be more for himself than for Mike : bobby GREEN I can not live like this no more , Mike ... they destroy my family . ( beat ) there 's a deal go down , I ... I wanna help ... michael solo you be a civilian , Bobby . ai not no way . Bobby lean closer , more focus : bobby GREEN I , I could join you . Michael turn to he , surprised . ( continued ) 103 . continued : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) my pop tol ' I you pull guy outta the Academy , guy with special knowledge , [ and ] make `em cop ? you could do that . michael solo Bobby , come on -- you get you own life to live -- bobby GREEN ( interrupting ) no . I can not do nothing else now . a beat , as Mike ponder . then : michael solo then you gotta understand -- this be not something you do just for a vendetta . you gotta go back to the Academy when you be do , you gotta commit yourself . Bobby look at he brother , then back to Mike . bobby GREEN I know . michael solo gimme a couple day -- I will talk to the p.c. Bobby again eye Joseph , who stand over the grave wiping he eye with a handkerchief . he walk over to he , put he arm around he . into he ear : bobby GREEN Joe , I be gonna join you . I just decide ... ( beat ) okay ? Joseph look at he for a moment , nod subtly . then he look back into the grave . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) this be where I belong ... angle back on Bobby , as he spot rosario , who stare right back at he . he 's go to have to tell her he decision . a line of policemen in white glove begin to FIRE rifle into the AIR . five shot ... 104 . ext . pan american motor inn - day a fairly run-down place , on the way to Kennedy Airport . int . pan american motor inn - suite - live room - day Bobby be still in he funeral suit , stand near the sofa . smoke a cigarette , hold a drink in he hand . a armed guard accompany Rosario into the hotel room -- they have arrive home from the funeral separately . she turn she back to he , put she handbag down on a dresser . Bobby eye the Guard , who promptly leave the room . he place he drink on the coffee table . bobby GREEN I wanna talk to you about something . she turn . he start to take off he tie . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) I be think of ... maybe join the Force . no response from Rosario yet . surprise and not surprised . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) I mean , I help find nezhinski , we do not gotta live like this the rest of we life -- move every three fuckin ' day ... she look at he for a moment , then stare at the floor . shake she head . she get emotional : rosario diaz Bobby , I do not know if I can be here no more . bobby GREEN what be you talk about ? I just get through tell you -- rosario diaz no , I think maybe it 's time I leave then - - go down to Miami on my own , with my mother . bobby GREEN ( struggle to stay calm ) I can not let you do that . that be not safe for you . ( continued ) 105 . continued : rosario diaz you know that 's not true , Bobby . they be not after I . bobby GREEN hold on a second -- I know what I be talk about would be a change . ( beat ) it would be a big change for we . she be still shaking she head , still stare at the floor : rosario diaz bobby -- Bobby get up , walk over to the desk . rub he finger on its surface , not look at she but resolutely : bobby GREEN but we could make a life here . this would be something we could build on . we could raise a family , and ... this seem to focus Rosario who stare at he . he move closer to she : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) pretty soon you would fit in . rosario diaz no I would not ... ( beat ) they know what I be -- what I be do -- bobby GREEN they will accept you if we be together -- rosario diaz Bobby ! she halt he , open up . tearful : rosario diaz ( cont 'd ) I give it all up for you and you change everything ! bobby GREEN gave it up ? gave up what ? ( beat ; explode ) give up what , rosario ?!? ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) what fuckin ' life do you have ? you be a fuckin ' cokehead -- look at you ! rosario diaz ( beat ; deeply hurt ) and you be clean , Bobby ? we be together -- bobby GREEN well , maybe I be a piece of shit too ! wasting my goddamn time ! she be momentarily speechless . rosario diaz how could you say that ...? we have plan -- bobby GREEN wake up ! all that be nothing ! rosario diaz no ! now be nothing ! look at what 's happen to you family , Bobby - - you father , he 's dead -- look at you brother ! it could all happen to you ! bobby GREEN my brother 's gonna be all right -- and nothing 's gonna happen to I . rosario diaz that 's what you say before . a moment , then she turn to walk toward the bedroom . bobby GREEN hey -- where you goin ' -- Bobby grab she . rosario diaz get off I ! let I go ! he hold she by the wrist : bobby GREEN what the fuck you doin ' ? rosario diaz get off I ! ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 3 ) a tussle . as he try to restrain she , a torrent of emotion explode from Rosario : rosario diaz ( cont 'd ) get off I -- I do not want it ! it 's not what I want ! she break free . pant , tear stream down she cheek . after a beat , Bobby seek to calm she . bobby GREEN all right . why do not you just calm down and think about it a little . she look at he , freeze . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you think about it , you will feel different . you will understand . and in time , we will look back on all this and you will see I be right . look -- I love you . ( beat ) why do not you go get some rest ? without a word , she turn and walk back into the bedroom . close the door . Bobby sink to the couch , pick up he drink . after a beat , we hear a : man' voice ( o.s. ) we appreciate you patience , Bobby . the face of spiro giavannis as he look into the camera . we can not yet tell where we be . he continue , back up from we slowly , lead we somewhere not yet in focus : spiro giavannis the commissioner be here now , and he 's ready to go . we pan around to reveal : bobby GREEN , as he step forward , in formal police uniform . his hair be cut , closely - cropped now . he be clean shaven . a real physical transformation . int . commissioner office - day a lavish room . fill with photograph of important people shaking hand , receive award , etc . commissioner william ruddy , a middle - age , bald , and yes , ruddy - face man , be here . ( continued ) 108 . continued : commissioner ruddy we be all very sorry about you father - - he be a great man . bobby GREEN thank you , sir . I be gonna try and do my part too , now . commissioner ruddy good . raise you right hand . ruddy lead he to the corner of the office . Bobby be guide into position as : the commissioner pick up a small , leather - bound black book . with one hand , he hold the Bible upon which Bobby place he hand . with the other , he hold a manual , off which he read a oath : commissioner ruddy ( cont 'd ) " I hereby pledge and declare ... " Bobby repeat after he . ( this process continue until the entire pledge be complete . ) bobby GREEN " I , Robert Green , hereby pledge and declare -- series of shot : of Bobby in the police armory . he be receiving he gun and he badge . over this , we still hear : bobby GREEN " -- that I will support and defend the constitution , both of the United States government and the State of New York , to the best of my ability ... " int . police station hallway he walk down the hall , with he back to we . bobby GREEN " ... I will faithfully discharge my duty in the rank of rider in the New York City Police Department . so help I God . " back to the commissioner office ruddy and giavannis shake Bobby 's hand vigorously : ( continued ) 109 . continued : commissioner william ruddy congratulation ! back to the police station hallway close shot on bobby , pausing right before he enter the muster room . he take a breath and enter : int . police station - muster room many cop , mug shot and file strewn all over . a discussion , in media re . many cop approach Bobby , all of whom shake he hand , ad- libbing whispered " hey , bobby " and " welcome to the force . " Bobby thanks they , then move to stand behind he brother . Michael testily grill Jack on the investigative progress : michael solo ... but we get we guy out there , work the street all over ? I mean , they coupeing or they work ? jack shapiro everybody 's out there , bustin ' ball , leave and right ! what else you want we to do ? as Michael say the follow dialog , a uniformed officer come up to Bobby . sotto , in he ear , he speak to he : uniformed officer Bobby , a Rosario diaz 's be callin ' for you . she say she need to talk to you . bobby GREEN thanks . I will call she back . michael solo ( simultaneous ) well , you tell narcotics queen we get a a - 1 sale hang over we head and either they help we or we fuckin ' take it out on `em later ! the uniform Officer leave , and Bobby stay put to hear this exchange . joseph grusinsky what about nezhinski 's uncle ? that clubowner -- marat buzhayev ? ( continued ) 110 . continued : jack shapiro clean . we tail he for week . go out with he grandkid , take `em horseride at floyd bennett field ... check on he fur business from time to time -- we even look at some of the coat and tore `em apart . turned out to be fake sable , if you could believe it . joseph grusinsky it 's comin ' up quick , we do not know anything ... we be gonna lose it ... michael solo Joe -- this be still new territory for all of we . I mean , we hadda use you brother here to get any result to begin with . Michael point to Bobby , who up until now have be focus on -- and concerned by -- he brother 's behavior . joseph grusinsky I know that . and my family take the hit -- my family ... a awkward silence . everyone 's pain . Bobby stiffen : bobby GREEN could you guy go outside for a minute ? I wanna talk to my brother . Michael hesitates , then nod . everyone wheel around and exit the room . Jack follow Mike out the door . Bobby turn to he brother : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you be try to do everything -- it 's gonna kill you . joseph grusinsky ( shrug ruefully ) we do not get much time ... we lose nezhinski , we be both dead ... [ the ] street will get flood , the whole City 's gonna be on fire -- bobby GREEN we could handle it . I mean , I come on to help you -- ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 2 ) joseph grusinsky ( interrupting ) well , I do not ask you to do that . I do not need you help -- I could deal with it on my own . bobby GREEN I know . but you do not gotta do everything yourself . that 's what I be try to tell you . Bobby eye Joseph , who look deeply troubled . Bobby sit . bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) Joe , what 's wrong ? come on , you can tell I . ( beat ) a deal this big , something 's gonna come up . you will see -- someone will fold . Joseph ponder for a beat , then come out with it : joseph grusinsky it 's not that . it 's just ... you give up what you want to do to be here , Bobby . and part of I feel a little responsible . bobby GREEN Nah , you do not do nothing . it 's mean to be . you can not fuckin ' control it ... joseph grusinsky ( slight laugh ) you know , I remember when pop be mad at you , he always use to say you do not believe in we family . and Mom , she would protect you . she would give you that little caramel ... anyway , I know he be wrong too , but I do not say nothing . just then : the uniform Officer knock and re-enters : uniformed officer Bobby , Rosario diaz just call again . bobby GREEN tell she I be on my way back now . ( to Joseph ) do not worry . ( more ) ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 3 ) bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) that 's all in the past . ( kiss he ) I will see you later . ext . pan american motor inn - day a unmarked car with Bobby inside pull up to the front . a guard step forward to greet , protect he . int . motel room Bobby enter . there be several guard in the space . Bobby scan the room , and quickly notice everything of rosario' be gone . Bobby wheel around , to a guard . intense expression . bobby GREEN what happen -- where would she go ?!? guard she leave about a hour ago . she say to give you this -- the guard hand Bobby a note . bobby sees it , grab it without reading it . bobby GREEN we gotta go find she ! guard she ask we not to , Bobby . she 's -- Bobby -- we can not do that legally ! Bobby try to charge past they . the Guards all restrain he delicately ( " c'mon , calm down " ) , but Bobby be in no mood and instead start a melee . he be a tour de force of energy , and it take no less than everyone here to subdue he . the fight be more a wrestling match than anything else , and it be messy , tough : bobby GREEN don 't--fuckin '-- Bobby 's forehead be cut ; the struggle be ugly . the Guards rouse up enough strength to push he into the HOTEL room for good . the door slam . a silent beat . Bobby pace , in a rage . then , sarcastic : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) go `head ! keep I in here --keep I here ! ( continued ) 113 . continued : guard voice ( muffled ) Bobby , we do not wanna have to put you in restraint , so just calm down ! ( beat ) calm the fuck down ! Bobby stare at the door . bobby GREEN you gonna keep I here ? huh ?!? still in a fury , he take a lamp and hit the door repeatedly . then he hurl the lamp toward a mirror on the wall , and it shatter ... exhausted , he stop . move to : int . bedroom where he sit on the edge of the bed , touch he neck . blood on he hand . he still grip the unread note . he throw it to the ground ; and then , perhaps motivate by the realization of he situation , a flood of feel come over he . tear begin to fall down he face , and he succumb . it be as though all of the emotion in we story find they outlet here , in this moment . Bobby let all the remain feel drain from he until he have nothing leave . after this outburst , he be exhaust . he calm , breathe heavily . a beat ; he put he bloody hand to he head ... we prelap the SOUND of a phone ringing : int . queen bar - phone booth a noisy queen place , its blue collar patron watch box on the television and cheer . pan over to : one of that old , in - the-wall phone booth , with a slide door . Bobby be on the phone , seat in the dark space . hold a glass half - full of liquor . distraught , he listen for a answer as the phone ring once more . then : a man' voice ( phone filter ) hello ? a beat . Bobby collect himself . then : bobby GREEN it 's I , Lou . louis falsetti ( phone filter ) hey !!!! bobk !!! how you doin ' ?! ( continued ) 114 . continued : bobby GREEN I be okay . listen uh , you be not speak to Rosario lately , have you ? louis falsetti no . she 's hole up with you , be not she ? -- God know where . bobby GREEN yeah -- it 's just , she must have go out for a little bit and ... I want to get in touch with she . louis falsetti well , I talk to she , I will tell she you call . bobby GREEN thanks ... you know , thing be really change on my end . I be not gonna be in protection anymore . louis falsetti ( phone filter ) oh Bob ! that 's great ! whaddaya say we knock back a few in you dad 's memory tonight ? bobby GREEN ... I , I do not know ... louis falsetti ( phone filter ) come on ! El caribe 's get they masquerade party -- every third drink 's free . be like old time ! ( beat ) I will be there -- what more could ask for ! c'mon ! you comin ' ? huh ? ( beat ) you gonna be a man or not ? angle on bobby as we go to : int . EL caribe nightclub - night a show be about to go on . the place have a darker quality to it now , and many patron be wear halloween mask . bobby enter , approach a table in the back , where seat be Louis and Louis ' girlfriend , hazel . Lou be armed with a huge grin , and he stand and hug Bobby : louis falsetti my brother ! the Grand return ! as they sit , Lou notice Bobby be alone : ( continued ) 115 . continued : louis falsetti ( cont 'd ) you be not hear from Rosario yet ? bobby GREEN no ... louis falsetti ( move closer ) you want hazel here to fix you up with a little something ? I be only kiddin' - - let 's have a drink -- ( to a waitress ) hey natasha , over there ! hazel why do not you slow down a little ? you be already act stupid ! louis falsetti and you be already act like a pain in my ass ! I can hold my liquor and yours ! bobby GREEN jumbo , I do not want nothing right now -- do not worry about it . just then , the house light dim . a spotlight on the stage . marat buzhayev amble up to the microphone with some difficulty . marat buzhayev good evening . my name be marat buzhayev , and I be the owner of the El caribe . we have a special night , tonight -- the odessa dance troop be here to perform for we . I know you will enjoy it . applause . marat hold up he hand to quiet the clap : marat buzhayev ( cont 'd ) we also have a old friend who 's come back to we -- I want he to stand -- Bobby ? lady and gentleman , Bobby Green , who use to be we manager here ... more applause . the spotlight swing to Bobby , who stand briefly , sheepishly . marat wave to he , Bobby nod , sit . the spotlight swing back to marat who finish up he introduction ( " enjoy the show ! ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 2 ) thank you . " ) and exit to still more applause . eli mirichenko , marat 's son-in - law , approach Bobby . in he ear : eli mirichenko my father - in- law would love it if you come upstairs later , to say hello . bobby GREEN okay , eli . tell he I will come up . eli nod , exit . beat . then , sense Bobby 's mood : louis falsetti Bob , you all right ? bobby GREEN ( hesitates ; then ) Rosario--Rosario 's go down to Florida for a little while . louis falsetti Florida ? ( beat ) well , she probably just need a little time for herself . she will be back . bobby GREEN yeah ... ( more interior ) you know , I be just think `bout when I first meet she here ... work back there ... louis falsetti ah , do not worry , Bob . I have no doubt she will be back . Louis turn to watch the show for a beat , take a huge swig of he drink . then turn around again ; close to Bobby : louis falsetti ( cont 'd ) I mean , between you and I , that place they have you in be drivin ' she crazy . the kew motor Inn -- we use to call that the screw motor Inn , with all the hooker ... ( back to hazel ) get that waitress wouldja ? Louis turn back to the show . the camera move into a close shot on bobby as Louis ' word freeze he . he seem ready to explode . then , finally : ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 3 ) bobby GREEN Louis - -? ( Lou turn to he ) how would you know where I be stay ? louis falsetti huh ? bobby GREEN how would you know where I be stay ? louis falsetti ( caught ) it be , it be in the papers ... Bobby get up with astonish speed and move right next to Louis . he grab he arm tightly and , in he ear : bobby GREEN it be not in no papers , Louis . do not make I embarrass you . let 's go outside , right now . the camera move into a close shot on louis as he fret ... ext . back alley still grab Louis 's arm , Bobby wrench he loose . Louis stumble and fall to the asphalt . Bobby step forward . something be different about he now . he be colder than ice , he eye black saucer of rage . bobby GREEN where 's nezhinski ? louis falsetti I do not know -- bobby GREEN do not play game with I , Louis . louis falsetti but I do not ko -- bobby GREEN I just say , do not play game with I ! ( beat ) Rosario tol ' you where we be stay , do not she ?!? she trust you ... Louis begin to crack . tear come to he eye ... ( continued ) 118 . continued : louis falsetti Bob , we be , we be buddy - - we be like brother ! c'mon ! bobby GREEN you do not mean nothing to I now -- that part of my life be dead . ( beat ; for himself ) today it end for good ... louis falsetti Bobby I swear -- I do not know nothing ! bobby GREEN you know my father be dead because of you ? Louis begin to sob quietly , shiver . he bring he hand to he mouth . Bobby take a threaten step forward : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) you know I be on the Force now ? and I could do anything to you ? Louis ' eye widen . he hold out he hand defensively . louis falsetti no , wait ! Bob , please ! ( beat ; weaken ) do not do this to I ... ( even softer ) do not do this to I Bob , please ... bobby GREEN you tell I what you know right now or I swear to Christ I will make you disappear . Louis be cry loudly , like a ten year - old . he fall to he knee . shiver in fear , he move to Bobby 's foot : louis falsetti Bobby , I ... I tell `em where you be -- but , but it be not what you think ! I be makin ' a buy and this guy in hood , they hold a gun to my head -- so I try to give `em the wrong information ! Bobby clenches he fist . Louis grab onto he again : ( continued ) 119 . continued : ( 2 ) louis falsetti ( cont 'd ) no , wait , listen ! it 's true ! Rosario tol ' I you move every couple day , she say you be gonna move -- I think you would be go by then ! it 's the truth , Bobby ! I would never try and hurt you ! never , swear to God ! Bobby stare at he for a moment , then he tooth grit . he try to calm himself but cannot . with a ferocity , he unleash a brutal punch across Louis ' face with the brunt of he fist . Louis collapse . in Louis ' ear : bobby GREEN you tell I , right now -- ( beat ) where 's you fuckin ' spot ?!? CUT to : the camera dolly past a shoot gallery . addict , they inert body both crumpled and stand in virtual trances , wander a alleyway . they recoil from car headlight : ext . abandoned build a american sedan , a dark blue car , pull up to the building . a man get out -- we can not quite tell who it be yet ... int . dark and dirty hallway - abandoned apartment build a young african - american male stand in a doorway , dress in a green parka . the hall , cover with trash and graffiti , be illuminate by a solitary light bulb . he guard another shoot gallery , which be in the room right behind he . footstep . the african - american male be on guard . the man emerge from the darkness , he back still to US . upon see he , the African - american man smile , reach into he pocket . hand the unseen man a small yellow envelope : african - american man I get you money man , but my shit 's run low . when you get I more ? man' voice ( slight accent ) ( as he count the $ ) just hold on a little while longer -- we get more for you soon . ( continued ) 120 . continued : african - american man yeah ? when 's that gonna be ? man' voice tomorrow . we CUT to the over - the-shoulder of the man , and lean out of the darkness and into the light : eli mirichenko , marat 's son-in - law . he continue : eli mirichenko after tomorrow , everybody 's gonna get well . the African - american man nod . satisfied with the cash , eli turn around , walk back down the hallway . angle back on african - american man as the camera zoom past he , into : int . shoot gallery in the darkness , among the addict : bobby GREEN . his face illuminate only by the sliver of light from the crack in the door . he 's witness the whole thing ... we hear : cop' voice ( o.s. ) we get you boy eli completely cover , Bobby . int . joseph' house - dine room - night the group be all together . cop we do not know pack the room , stand around the table . seat at the table : Michael , Jack , Bobby , and at the head , Joseph . a tough - looking cop we have see before but not meet : tough - looking cop he just turn in for the night . ( beat ) can not move a inch without we up he ass . bobby GREEN well , he say tomorrow and that 's what matter . tough - looking cop and we will be right there with he -- you can be sure of that . michael solo they be movin ' serious weight , we might be talkin ' major league firepower . maybe we call in the fed . ( continued ) 121 . continued : jack shapiro the fed ? michael solo each one of `em 's get 25 year on the job with this kinda thing , pudge . bobby GREEN they get one year of experience , repeat 25 time . everyone laugh . Bobby turn to Joseph : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) pop would never bring `em in , Joe . we gotta see this through ourselves ... jack shapiro Bobby 's right . Joseph 's back stiffen . with resolve : joseph grusinsky yeah , definitely ... we will get the tac plan together ... ( intense ) and wherever it be , we will be ready for `em ... michael solo arright , guy . that 's it for now . the troops get up to leave . Jack approach Joseph . sotto : jack shapiro joe -- joseph grusinsky yeah ? Bobby look at Jack -- who lean in , to Joseph 's ear : jack shapiro you know , they be laughin ' at we , out there on the street . now when we get there , it will be up to you what we do . but I hope you think about droppin ' the hammer on `em . Joseph contemplate this briefly , then Jack pull he closer : ( continued ) 122 . continued : ( 2 ) jack shapiro ( cont 'd ) I mean -- after you father and everything ? this people be like fuckin ' lice . ( beat ) just think about what I be say to you . Bobby sense the pressure be place upon he brother , and he move Jack away from Joseph : bobby GREEN all right , c'mon . enough ... angle on bobby , joseph as we go to : ext . floyd bennett field - late night / dawn series of shot of : 1 . wide shot of a marsh area , with tall wheatlike weed growth that be extremely dense . 2 . medium shot of a structure , in the middle of this . a old , small , abandon stone building , build as a wpa project in the 1930' . it be a I n's / lady ' bathroom , probably a Robert mose project , but long since abandon . 3 . wide shot of the structure . the camera boom down , from high above the stone build , and pan to reveal the tall weed around it . 4 . medium shot of eli' dark blue automobile , arrive . eli emerge from the car . a bodyguard behind he , armed with a AK - 47 . he prepare to greet : a arriving livery car . out step : a host of man in suit , grasp suitcase -- presumably fill with money . then another town car . and yet another . the man all congregate like it 's a legal business transaction . handshake , smile . we pan around , moving through the weed now . and we see : Bobby and Joseph , as they arrive , move into position . the camera move laterally and we see : Michael and Jack and other cop , do much the same . all carry shotguns . one cop point a shotgun microphone at the activity , and we guy can hear perp conversation in they earpiece ... ( continued ) 123 . continued : another car arrive . appear out of it be vadim nezhinski . Joseph bristle at the sight of he . Bobby grab he brother 's arm , squeeze : bobby GREEN we be gonna get all of `em today . just at that moment , a white van pull up : two man get out . they open the back , filled with fur . they take a number of coat out of the back of the van , bring they to the shack ... all the cop appear confuse . what the hell be this ? another town car . a crowd of people stand around the auto . helping someone out of the vehicle . whoever this be , he 's the emperor ... emerging : marat buzhayev . stepping up behind he , eli , help King marat . marat and vadim greet each other . they kiss warmly . angle on bobby . a beat . we see the devastation . almost to himself : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) lookit the two of they ... they be so fuckin ' close ... then the cop spot : two young grandchildren , sit in the back of the car . they do not get out . they seem clueless . stand guard over all of this be a lookout , who be armed with a AK - 47 . several other armed men take position closer to the structure as the fur be bring in . businessmen make some banter , then enter the shack -- lead by nezhinski . marat buzhayev and eli follow he in . many other man pour into the structure , briefcase in hand . michael solo okay -- when they complete the sale , that 's when we move . esu will grab the kid . a transaction begins inside the shack , and the cop be watching . they see the action through broken window ... int . shack nezhinski and marat , with the businessman . he look behind he , to marat , who step forward . in Russian : marat buzhayev ( subtitle ) this 's what we have be plan for for so long . my nephew have stay just to see this through . ( more ) ( continued ) 124 . continued : marat buzhayev ( subtitle ) when this be do , we will control almost the whole market . ( motion to man ) each load be completely untraceable . it 's my own method . the man place a fur on a distress countertop . rip it apart . nezhinski step forward : vadim nezhinski ( subtitle ) the rest of the product be in the van -- total weight , 75 kilo . place one of the length of fur into : a basin fill with fluid ... the camera zoom into a close shot on the fur in that basin ... the fur be poked a couple of time . a beat . then : white plume rise from the coat 's fabric to the top of the liquid , and eli begin to skim the substance off the surface . dumping out some of the substance ( now in crystalline form ) onto a pad , marat buzhayev hand it to a businessman , who tastes it . the businessman nod , pleased with he product ... he reach for a suitcase . it be opened . fill with money . ext . field Bobby and Joseph . Joseph have he earpiece , hear . then : joseph grusinsky the deal 's close -- let 's go ! Bobby get up , out of the weed , shotgun aim : bobby GREEN you be surround by the police ! come out now , with you hand on you head ! int . abandoned structure vadim and marat SNAP to attention . shocked . russian word be exchanged , and everyone start to panic ... ext . field the cop begin the assault , exploding from everywhere . siren , the whole thing . Bobby and Joseph get up , stand into a crouch and move slowly toward the structure . a group of esu cop charge marat' car , go for the child -- who watch this with fear and incomprehension ... ( continued ) 125 . continued : a armed guard , stand outside the shack , begin to fire at the cop . everyone open FIRE . all of a sudden : a cop , that tough - looking cop we see at Joseph 's house but a few moment earlier , be hit by the armed Guard 's fire . hit in the face , he fall down near Joseph and Bobby . dead , he visage a bloody pulp . close shot on joseph . he freeze . we momentarily flash CUT back to he own shoot ... he can not bear relive the terror of he moment ... as the cop move in : Bobby spin around to look for he brother . he find he still on the ground . Joseph seem unable to move , hold onto he shotgun for dear life : bobby GREEN Joe ?! Joseph look at he brother , shake he head . completely shattered in the moment . still . shot ring out . Bobby push he brother down on the ground . in he ear : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) arright , just stay down ! Chaos begin . all of the man inside the small building have aim they gun into the weed . but instead of stop because of the shoot , Bobby progress inexorably toward the structure , he shotgun poise to fire . now michael and jack and other member of the narcotics team come out of the weed . they FIRE they weapon . marat' grandchildren be dragge out of the car , crying loudly ... fifty yard away a line of uniformed police officer form . they move in unison . seem like a hundred man . Bobby and Jack and some of he man be come from one side , the line from another . siren . a gun battle . the lookout with the AK - 47 be hit -- fatally . Bobby sees several people fleeing out a back entrance toward another section of the weed . Joseph remain in the grass , he head down , he hand on he head . we cannot see he face ... int . abandoned bathroom structure vadim nezhinski be frazzle by the approach force he see through the window . ( continued ) 126 . continued : move with tremendous speed , he begin to light the fur on FIRE ... smoke ... vadim begins to cough , take a suitcase of money with he . he back out of the structure . ext . floyd bennett field bilious cloud of smoke . bobby be moving toward the build . vadim scurry into the weed ... the SMALL structure really start to burn . it be a odd flame , blue and silent . bobby run off , into the weed , follow vadim . eli charge toward he car . jack be right behind he : jack shapiro stop ! halt ! Jack ruthlessly pump eli full of bullet , and the man fall down dead . Jack approach , mercilessly fire another shot into the corpse ... int . weed the wind howl ... tall , tawny - color weed , marsh . bobby move through the dense weed growth . push he way through the brown plant . we hear police dog . bobby start thrashing . the camera be hand - held , moving to and fro with ferocious and vertiginous speed . angle on bobby as we : flash CUT to : int . car - in the rain it be Bobby , seeing , through the wet glass : burt , as he be shot . during the chase in the rain . we go back to : ext . weed Bobby raise he shotgun as he race through the phragmite grass . the weed part . it be tricky . heavy breathing . bobby sees other men run through the weed , but he can not tell who 's who . confusion ... bobby stop . feet crushing the twig ... a gunshot , from where , GOD only know ... a rush of image --shadowed figure , obscure by the weed , appear and disappear like phantom ... bobby's heartbeat thump on the soundtrack ... a man back up toward he ; each man have he back to the other ... ( continued ) 127 . continued : bobby doesn't see he yet . but we can . the camera zoom into bobby , with the figure behind he . bobby sees the shadow on the ground . he turn , slowly ... raise he weapon , about to FIRE when he realize : it 's michael solo , who , in profile to Bobby be unaware he 's almost be kill . he stop when he feel the barrel of Bobby 's shotgun against he rib . slowly turning around , he see bobby . whispered : michael solo this 's too dangerous . we will all wind up kill each other -- bobby GREEN vadim be in here with we . Radio we guy , tell `em to get into the clear . all of a sudden , we hear , shouted : man' voice Bobby ! we get the old man ! Bobby look at Michael , point to he earpiece . Michael nod , and as we hear Mike 's word into he radio ( " we guy , outta the brush ! " ) Bobby start to back up , toward the clear ... ext . clearing Bobby be greet by the boy . other police , include Michael solo , emerge from the weed , quietly . Jack approach : jack shapiro we get the old man-- buzhayev . up by the car . his grandkid be safe -- they're in the van . Bobby acknowledge this , turn to another officer : bobby GREEN be all we guy out ? the Officer look , count . then nod . Bobby look toward the weed and say : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) burn it . several cop break flare , rolling they into the weed . ( continued ) 128 . continued : all the officer back up -- all of they except Bobby . who stand , shotgun in hand , wait for vadim nezhinski to emerge from the now - burn brush . two other men come out of the fire , cough . they be carry they gun and thus kill by police gunfire . no sight of nezhinski as bobby wait . at last , he decide to go in . michael solo Bobby ? what be you doin ' -- bobby GREEN I be not gonna let he get away ... as the other police panic around he , Bobby enter the FIRE ... int . fiery weed Bobby walk through the flame . it be otherworldly . the orange -blue , the smoke , it all seem to blow from leave to right ... chaos of heat , smoke ... we hear only the rushing wind ... bobby seem inconceivably driven . methodically step forward , past the fire , peering through smoke . nothing ... just tuft of smoke ... then he spot a area in which the smoke flow unnaturally , against the breeze , as though it surge around something ... something cover in smoke , stand ... a gust of wind pass --revealing--a silhouetted figure , with he arm raised , pointing , right at bobby . vadim nezhinski , poised to shoot . within what seem like a split second , Bobby raise he shotgun and fire it . vadim crumple to the ground . a direct hit to the chest . Bobby lift he shotgun and approach . the weed separate , revealing nezhinski , with a look on he face that register a kind of shock , a shock that he 's be hit . nezhinski see Bobby stand over he . with all the energy he have in the world : vadim nezhinski do not ... do not let I die in here ... Bobby stand over he for a beat . then Bobby turn he back on vadim , walk through the fire around he . as vadim call after he ( " bobby ! ( continued ) 129 . continued : please , don't leave I here ! " ) , the flame begin to engulf the area where nezhinski lie ... ext . field bobby emerge from the FIRE ... he walk toward the police car . the police be assembled around : marat buzhayev . bobby watch he for a moment , he face fill with controlled rage . beat . each man stare at each other . then : marat buzhayev Bobby --i , I do not know it would be you family -- bobby take a threatening step forward . Bobby 's expression seem unmatch in its ferocity ; marat see in Bobby 's eye a horrible determination , begin to cry ... Bobby 's emotion be a cauldron : bobby GREEN get down ! on the ground ! marat get on he knee . whimpering . Bobby put marat 's hand on he head , start patting he down . clean . bobby put the shotgun at marat' temple . we hear the dog , the FIRE , the wind , the siren ... the police see the unforgive expression on Bobby 's face and the reality of the old man in front of they . Bobby turn to the other , particularly jack . he look at he , dark - eye . then he turn away and start walk , make eye contact with none of they . he utter a command , to all of they and none of they in particular : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) put he in the fuckin ' van ... do not touch he ... Bobby walk past the small building , which continue to burn silently -- with that eerie blue flame ... other cop watch he with awe and respect . they back away from he . he proceed on toward the car . he sees : Joseph inside one of they , still . stare at he . we dolly with he as he move to he brother . crouch down , stay by joseph ... close shot of a announcement board , surrounded by flowers : " one p.m. : n.y.p.d. event - academy graduation . " 130 . int . one police plaza - foyer - outside the auditorium hundred of police officer , all dress up to the nine , be here . White glove and all . milling about in a white plaster wall room . upbeat chatter . then : Bobby emerge through the door in he dress blue . upon see he , the other smile , cheer . people touch he , shake he hand . Eye he with respect . ad - lib greeting . random officer Bobby ! hey ! lookit you -- six month in the Academy and already you look like a chief ! bobby GREEN hey everybody ... Bobby move toward the auditorium door . now Michael approach . in Bobby 's ear : michael solo I just see the commissioner . a lotta people be gonna wanna talk to you -- important people . about maybe settin ' you up with you own unit . bobby GREEN all right . we will talk about that after . Bobby see : joseph , stand nearby with he hand on he child 's shoulder , the rest of he family surrounding he . the brother embrace . then : bobby GREEN ( cont 'd ) they be get start -- we should probably go in now . int . auditorium the ceremony be get underway . as Bobby and Joseph move past the seat crowd toward they chair in front : joseph grusinsky you know , I think pop would be real happy to see you like this . bobby GREEN ( slight ironic laugh ) I do not think he would believe it ... but I guess thing do not always go the way you think they will . ( continued ) 131 . continued : joseph grusinsky ah , the Force will treat you good . I be sure you do very well . bobby GREEN you definitely gonna leave ? ai not no way you change you mind ? joseph grusinsky ( shake head ; then : ) it 's the right thing . it 's over for I -- I be out . bobby GREEN listen , we will spend some more time together from now on . okay ? I will come over next week . joseph grusinsky arright , yeah . sound good . Bobby approach the police chaplain , hand he a note . bobby GREEN chaplain ? I would like you to introduce I this way . if you do not mind . the chaplain look at the paper , nod . he then walk to the podium . Bobby sit as the chaplain begin : police chaplain lady and gentleman : we shall begin today 's ceremony with the traditional invocation , move then to the valedictorian address to be give by ... Robert grusinsky . Son of the late deputy Chief Albert grusinsky , brother of Captain Joseph grusinsky . angle on bobby as he real name be spoken : police chaplain ( cont 'd ) you know , as I look at this fine young man seat here , I can not help but think about all the young member of we department . I get fill with such pride . ( beat ) Men like he be the great future of we Force ... ( continued ) 132 . continued : ( 2 ) as the man speak , Bobby scan the room . he sees rosario , stand in the crowd behind the seat audience . her face be partially obscure . bobby cannot believe the flood of emotion that overwhelm he , the happiness he feel upon catch a glimpse of she . but just as quickly as this thrill grab he , it disappear when she become completely visible ; for he realize that it be not her but rather a young woman who bear merely a faint resemblance ... Joseph interrupt this , lean over : joseph grusinsky I love you , Bobby . bobby GREEN ( back to reality ) Love you too , Joe . Police line up on the stage . everyone 's seat , Bobby and Joseph in front . the police band begin to play the drum . Bobby straighten up , raise he hand -- along with the sea of blue - - in a salute as the flag be carry to the front . the end