see ! August 1 , 2003 the wedding crasher by Steve faber & Bob Fisher int , law firm of beckwith and klein - day a small Boston law firm . a few lawyer and client mill about , we zero in en one door with a plaque that read " John beckwith . " JOHN beckwith , a attorney , early thirty , be sit at he desk in a well appoint office talk on the phone angrily . JOHN oh bullshit ! you see the surveillance videotape . you client 's slip and fall be the biggest act job since I take the stage in eighth grade as othelio . and I blow ! ( beat ) - never gonna happen . maybe a quarter of that . maybe . I will talk to the insurer . John 's attention be capture by a hot secretary walk by . JOHN ( continue ) great . talk to you client . ( beat ) yeah , next Friday . I get good seat . bring that girl , you friend ... with the hair ? yeah . okay . John hang up the phone and put he foot up on the desk . int , law firm of beckwith and klein - continuous jeremy klein , a divorce lawyer , early 30' , sit at a desk with a woman , also in she thirty . his eye wander to the same hot secretary now walk by he office . woman eight year of marriage all shot to hell . jeremy ( eye follow the secretary 's ass have I know you eight year ago I would have advise you to avoid the wedding . woman but I do believe in the institution of marriage . Jeremy 's attention be jolted back to the woman . the woman = jeremy whoa , whoa , whoa ! do you say the '' institution ? '' no , no . the Boston Red Sox be a institution . pastrami on rye be a institution . Mr. Rogers be a institution .. Marriage be a curse . we punishment for original sin . be take aback . jeremy ( continue ) do you understand the ugliness I see here every day ? the sheer torment ? the absolute hell ? just because people like you ... and God bless you innocent heart , really believe in the " institution " of marriage ! woman my parent be happily marry . jeremy no . they really be not . you think they be . but they really be not . woman they be not ? Jeremy shake he head . he shake woman ( continue : beat ) Mom do drink ... quite a lot . jeremy of course she do . they all do . ousher the woman out ) do not worry , we will go for the jugular , she hand and the woman exit . he see John down the hall and motion for he to come by . John enter and plop down on the couch . JOHN so what 's up ? Jeremy xeaches into he desk drawer and pull out a bottle of single malt scotch with a ribbon around it and hand it to John . ~ jeremy happy anniversary . JOHN huh ? jeremy Fifteen year , my friend ! John look perplex . jeremy ( continue ) June 11 , 1988 ? Paul revere High ? junior prom night ? JOHN ohhhh , . right. yeah . the night we meet . jeremy could you sound more underwhelm ? . JOHN I be not underwhelm . jeremy you take Barbara rothstein to the - prom and wound up in the men' _ room make out with another girl . JOHN and you be in the stall next to I make . out with some chick who be not you date . who be you date ? jeremy Mary theresa spinolli . do not you remember ? turned out she be cheating on I ! JOHN ohhh . that 's right . jeremy I know that night that you and I be cut from the same cloth . best friend forever . ( beat ) I can not believe you forget . JOHN a lot on my mind . - jeremy you think it 's gay , do not you ? the anniversary thing ... JOHN I do not think it 's gay . jeremy because you forget on we tenth , too . remember I get you that beer - of - the-month club thing ? jorn yeah , that be great . the beer . jeremy you think it be gay . jorn I do not think it be gay , for Christ 's sake ! it be beer ! jeremy then how come you never get I anything for we anniversary ? JOHN okay ... what you say right there ? that be a little gay . jeremy oh , fuck you . anyway , we have get a big three week ahead of we . JOHN yeah . end of the wedding season . how many wedding be we gonna crash ? Jeremy look at he daytimer . jeremy I have get we down for eight . JOHN any of they cash bar ? jeremy two . but I get it cover . ( pull out two medal ) purple heart . we will not have buy a drink all night . - JOHN perfect . jeremy eight opportunity to get laid , my friend . eight opportunity to score with woman so arouse by the think of marriage they mistakenly hook on to we as the man of they dream . JOHN bingo . I will get my tux . Jeremy walk to he door and grab a clothing bag . they exit . ext . temple beth shalom / vestibule - later John and Jeremy , in tuxedo , enter the synagogue and introduce themselves to the usher . JOHN hi , Lou Epstein . jeremy Chuck schwartz . they both put on they yarmulke . int . synagogue - a little later the service be in full swing . the rabbi be chant . John glance at a pretty young woman sit down the aisle from he . she 's choke up . she look at John and smile . John take out a handkerchief and dab a fake tear from he eye . the woman take a breath , she 's smitten . it take a real man to cry at a wedding . close on : John 's hand . he 's conceal a small tube of " bausch and laumb hypo tear . " Jeremy make eye contact with another woman . she return the eye contact . Jeremy smile and turn away . she 's not the one . he look to he leave and catch the gaze of a young blonde woman . she briefly return he glance and half -smile . Jeremy smile . she 's the one . int .. synagogue - a little later the rabbi conclude , the Groom step on the glass , the crowd include we guy shout , " mazel tov ! '' int . ballroom - later the reception be in full swing . as a sort of hip klezmer band play , we see John and Jeremy practice the fine art of wedding crash : John do a-magic trick for some kid , Jeremy dance with the bride 's mother . she 's blush . John slap some old guy on the back as John share with he a disingenuous laugh . Jeremy raise he glass to toast the happy couple . John raise he glass to toast the happy couple . Jeremy do magic trick for the kid . John dance with the pride 's mother . Jeremy dance with the second woman he make eye contact with . John dance slowly with the woman who see he cry . Jeremy , in a secluded alcove , be about to kiss the woman he be dance with . John , in a secluded alcove , be - about to kiss the woman he be dance with . . smash CUT : ext . ST . mary church - afternoon John and Jeremy walk up the step of a Catholic Church . int . ST . mary church - continuous John and jéremy enter and introduce themselves to the usher . JOHN Jimmy o' Shea . jeremy Tommy fitzpatrick . int . vendata narayan hindu temple John and Jeremy enter and introduce themseives to the usher . JOHN Henry prajshnap . jeremy Chuck vindaloo . int . one of the various reception Jeremy be dance with a red-head . : _ red head r- wow. operation Desert Storm , jeremy do not really like to talk about it . we lose a lect of good man out there . she melt into he chest . int . different reception John be dance with a blonde . blonde wow . mt. everest . JOHN do not really like to talk about it . we lose a lot of good man out there . she melt into he chest . int . different reception > ceremy be dance with a indian woman . ceremy be wear the traditional bindi ( dot ) on he forehead . indian woman wow . the peace Corps . jeremy do not really like to talk about it . we lose @ lot of good man out there . she melt into he chest . int . different reception - later John be dance with a brunette . brunette wow . the néw York yankee . JOHN ( without think ) do not really like to taik about it . we lest a lot of good man out ' there . brunette huh ? - JOHN ( recover ) what ? oh ! the fan . get unruly ... and there be trade ... it be ugly . int . jewish wedding reception a old couple look toward John who 's at full - throttle , dance , have a good time . old woman ( re. John ) who be that ? old man uh...him ? I think that 's sid 's kid . Leonard . the diabetic . old woman ohbhh ... int . italian reception another old couple watch Jeremy dance and dip the bride . old italian man who be that ? old italian woman - uh...him ? that 's louie and gina 's kid , Christopher . the banker . int . portuguese reception olb portuguese man {re . John ) that 's carmen 's nephew , manny . the veterinarian . int . irish reception - late old irish woman ( re. Jeremy ) that 's the o'shaughnessy kid , timmy . the astronaut . : int . hindu reception - late old indian man ( re. John ) that 's ... prajshnap . lima and jahawal 's boy . the shrimper . int . jewish . wedding reception John and Jeremy be just .. beginning to dance to . the perennial wedding reception song , " shout ! " the guest sing along . Close on John and Jeremy as they sing and dance . JOHN and jeremy '' it make you want to shout ! put you hand up and shout ! " int . portuguese reception JOHN and jeremy ( sing ) fa- lo querer shout ! ponha seus braco acima e shout ! ponha seus pes acima e shout ! int . chinese reception JOHN and jeremy ( sing ) '' gee - tun-chee - to - to shout ! choy - eng -to-uh-see-ho shout ! shi-i~no - go -a-to shout ! " int . bedroom -—- night John and one of the woman we have see from a wedding jump into bed as " shout " continue to play . int . bedroom ~ night Jeremy and one of the woman we have see from a wedding also jump into bed as '' shout '' keep play . int . various bedroom we intercut between different women with John and Jeremy jump into bed . " shout " still play . int . various dance floors , reception , and bedroom the music get louder and louder . a rapid sequence of dance floor , reception , wink , nod , kiss , toast as the music crescendos . when we hear the final " shout , " the music stop and we cut to John and Jeremy each roll off of they respective woman . Jeremy sigh contentedly . John stare off pensively : something 's miss . int . JOHN 's office - day gohn be at he desk , work . Jeremy walk right in and sit down , hold a newspaper . 10 . = ~ jeremy . John , I be hold the kentucky derby of wedding announcement ! JOHN | " I think we be do for a while ? jeremy this be different . this be the Secretary of the fuck treasury ! ! JOHN cleary ? : jeremy yes , cleary 's daughter ! out ‘on the cape ! JOHN ( unenthusiastic} mm hmm . jeremy what 's wrong with you ? - this be the clearys !! they be a institution ! we have never crash anything like this ! five hundred single woman . Three live band ! oyster ! JOHN okay ... Jeremy stare at he . jeremy * " okay ? ! " see ? this be what I be talk about ! joern I be tired , all right ?! my foot hurt . my voice be hoarse . jeremy you do not care about this anymore ! JOHN what be you talk about ? of course I care ! jeremy at the buckner nuptial , you be in the corner , sulk ! y will . ~ JOHN I be not sulk ! I twisted my ankle . . jeremy rule six : do not sit in the corner and sulk . it draw attention in a negative way . draw attention to yourself oh you own term ! JOHN I know the rule , Jeremy ! jeremy when chazz reingheld give we that sacred rule of wedding crash twelve year ago , he pass on a legacy . we have a responsibility here . JOHN you know , you make it sound like a cuit . chazz reinghold be a kook ! jeremy bite you tongue ! he be not kcok ! } he be . a brave and decent man ! jorn he live with he mother until he be forty ! she try to poison he catmeai ! even she could not take it ! jeremy that be never prove ! and anyway , what about rule Three ?! rule Three for chrissake , John ! JOHN oh not that again -- jeremy rule Three : toast in the native language if you know the native language and have practice the toast . do not wing it ! last week you when you toast the groom in Hindi - - : JOHN ok ! I get a couple of word mix up . Big deal ! 12 . - jeremy a couple of word mix up ?! you tell . the entire .. wedding . party that the bride be very lucky because she new husband smell like the anus of the cobra ! JOHN I mean , he have the power ..of the ...cobra ! okay ?! ... anyway I manage to turn that into a a compliment , do I not ?! ' . jeremy oh please ... so do you want to do this or not ? JOHN give I the paper . John grab the paper from Jeremy and read the announcement . JOHN ( continue ; beat} . all right , well first of all , I be not say it 's impossibie , but it be go to require some plan . jeremy there 's my man . he 's back . my man be back ! ext . church yard - morning , a week later John and Jeremy be stand outside John 's car in front of a very nice old Catholic church on the cape . they be in they tux , both put on they cufflink , comb they hair , etc . we see guest milling about in front of the church . JOHN okay , let 's do we pre-game . jeremy what 's to know ? Big Catholic wedding . lot of rich fucker . hot chick . we can do this in we sleep . JOHN rule one : always prepare . jeremy Fine . what do you have ? John reach in the car and hand he a folder . - JOHN a few article on Secretary - cleary 's economic policy . skim they quickly . also a rester of the key family member . a glossary of sailing term . sail 's like sex to this people . Jeremy look over the folder . jeremy oread to himself ) ckay ... Harvard ... Kennedy School of government , .. Mom 's big with the charity blah blah blah . Three daughter , one son , a million foundation . barf. puke . gag. okay . get it . what 's we back story ? JOHN we be brother from New Hampshire . we be venture capitalist . jeremy I be sick of that one . why do not we be from ... vermont and ..: and have , say , a emerge maple syrup conglomerate . . JOHN because we do not know anything about maple syrup . jeremy I know everything about maple syrup . I love maple syrup , joen I love red vine . do not mean we should be the red vine baron , right ? jeremy good point . ext . church parking lot - a minute later John and Jeremy walk toward the church confidently . they see two man check name as the guest enter the church . John and Jeremy stop about twenty foot from the church . they see man in suit with earpiece . JOHN I know it ! secret service . 14 . = jeremy yeah . so ? . jobn . so they do not mess around . they be train to take bullet . jeremy Big deal . I could take bullet . JOHN oh , please . you - will not even geta flu shot . maybe we should catch that portuguese wedding down in . New bedford . they will have that sausage you like . jeremy fuck the sausage . we be hit this one . everything we have do for the last twelve year , all that hard work , have lead we to this moment . JOHN Fine . how do you want to get in ? jeremy 's okay . let I think . ( beat ) we will do a end run ! JOHN guard . jeremy shit ! | . ( beat ) hey ! we will create a disturbance } JOHN not with this guy . disturbance just hype they radar . jeremy okay , then what do you get ? John look to the parking lot behind Jeremy and see a large mini-van pull up . a big group of people get out cf the mini - van . probably some sort of extend family . JOHN let 's just rush in with this big group . 15 . - jeremy a rush ?! you want to do a rush ? JOHN | yeah , what 's wrong with a rush ? jeremy it 's amateur hour , buddy . it 's bush league . we be better than a rush . . the big group walk toward the church . JOHN tt '11 work . jeremy no . a rush be how you crash the journey concert when you be thirteen . we be not gonna do a rush . it 's beneath we . we be craftsman . a member of the big group point to a name on the list and the big grous start to file into the church . JOHN go ! John push Jeremy into the big group and they successfully enter the church under they cover . int . church - continuous John and Jeremy enter to find a beautiful old church . John notice a attractive woman in a blue dress taik to a friend . they be point to various seat try to make a decision . JOHN ( to the woman in the blue dress ) five row back . Close enough to the altar but far enough back to see the bride 's entrance . the woman in the blue dress smile at he . JOHN ( continue ) now , a lot of people go '' gor the aisle . that 's a mistake . you have that whole '' should I make eye contact with the bride " business . ( more ) will 16 , - JOHN ( cont would ) you do not want that . it 's awkward . . fifth now back , second seat in . trust I . woman in the blue dress that 's great . thank you so much . she smile at John and walk to the seat he recommend . JOHN i have to hit the head . jeremy okay . I will get we some seat on the groom 's side . Jeremy find seat as John head the the bathroom . ext . church bathroom - a few minute later the GROOM be lean against a urinal , hyper-ventilate and dry-heave before the service as John enter . John have see this many the groom the groom the groom time before . he stand at the next urinal . JOHN yeah , I know what you be think . startle , turn around . JOHN ( continue ) you be think , " what have I do ? i be over . I be finish . now it end . " and at what ? twenty -six ? nod . JOHN ocontinue } twenty -six year of pure uncut premium grade -a sexual freedom . yeah , it 's a drug . a drug that make morphine look like skittles , and it 's go right down the toilet as you descend into the abyss of country kitchen , dirty diaper , mind - numb conversation about she " need " and worse , the same sex with the same person , day after day , night after night , year in , year out . start retching again . the groom the groom the groom l7. '' JOHN ( continue ) well , you be wrong . it 's - not like that . you see it as the beginning ef the end . no , my friend ! it 's the end of the beginning ... look up , encourage . JOHN ( continue you be about to enter a world so complex and fulfil , it make you old life of endless booz , late night , and meaningless piece of ass seem like the shaliow depress graveyard that it really be . nod , JOHN ( continue ) _ a world rich with deep love , adoration and appreciation from a life partner ... well this kind of happiness you never dream possible . it 's a mystery , a gift that God give we . and when the kid come ? they call you daddy ... and you be they hero . and you end up grow cold with someone whose love for you be timeless , endless . someone who know what you be think before you say it . who will take care of you when you be sick , comfort you when you be sad , laugh with you , cry with you . take a deep breath . JOHN ocontinue ) someone you never have to impress , but always want to . most man wouid give up they leave arm to be in you shoe . GROOM ( beat , he 's better ) thank you ... / - JOHN phe no problem . ' . ( point to. the door ) now , go get ‘em . John watch the groom start to exit . but before re-enter the church , the groom stop and turn around . GROOM hey , how long have you be . marry ? JOHN oh ... I be not. marry , ( beat ) I might try to nail that chick in blue dress , though . she seem nice . the groom look perplex as John exit . int . church - a minute later John kneel down next to Jeremy in the pew , who 's pretend : to be in prayer . they both pretend to be in prayer as they start scoping potential woman . they sit back down . jeremy ( sotto ) third row . straw hat . - JOHN ( sotto ) you know that woman who wear hat never give it up . c'mon ! jeremy ( a little too loud ) what ? that 's not true ! I bag that hat chick at the martingano wedding ! people turn around , John smile apologetically . JOHN a little louder . I do not think the Priest hear you . a couple in they fifty sit down next to John . the man reach out he hand to John . man Frank myer . 18. JOHN ( shaking he hand ) John Ryan . this be my brother Jeremy . Jeremy nod . frank se , how do you know the groom ? joen - oh , we be ... '' {quick beat of think ) uncle ned 's kid . frank . uncle ned ? be he Liz 's brother ? joen yeah ... Liz 's brother . frank great . ' how be everybody ? JOHN oh really . dad 's fine . aunt Liz send she best . she could not make it . frank uh ... I know . she 's dead . Jeremy lean over . he 's have to do this hefore . jeremy she send she best from the grave . we have become very spiritual . frank I see .... franks smile and turn away . jeremy {sotto to John ) how many time be you gonna do this ? if you be go to commit to a relative , be sure make you know whether they have a pulse . the groom come out unto the altar . the guest turn toward the back of the church . John and Jeremy turn to see a groomsman escort a very old lady to she seat . 20 . this be mary cleary , the grandmother of the bride and the matriarch of the cleary family . next , two groomsman walk the mother of the bride , kathleen -cleary to she seat . she. have the glow of someone who . have be drink ... every day for the last twenty - five year . a cute flower girl , about seven , walk up the aisle , concentrate hard on what she 's suppose to be do . she take two deliberate step and they toss some flower petal . flower girl step. step. throw . step. step. throw . she continue to do this until ' she get near the altar . notice that she still have a lot of petais leave , she empty the rest of the flower unto the floor and sit down in the first aisle . next , groomsman and bridesmaid start to walk down the aisle . one of the bridesmaid be gloria cleary , the bride 's youngest sister . she 's attractive in a sweet and wholesome sort of way and Jeremy elbow John . jeremy {sotto ) hello. {then to John ) dib . JOHN all yours , my friend . a groomsman , sack lodge , walk the may of honor , claire cleary , the bride 's sister , down the aisle . she 's very attractive and John take notice . when she get to the altar , a string quartet play " here come the bride , " the guest stand as the bride be walk down the aisle by she father , treasury secretary william cleary John take a look at the bride and turn to Jeremy . ' JOHN ( continue ) I think we have get a crier . jeremy Nah ... JOHN twenty buck ? jeremy you be on . 21. the Secretary walk the bride to the altar and after give she a kiss on the cheek , sit down next to he wife , the bride immediately start bawling . jeremy ocontinue } Jesus ... Jeremy reach into he wallet and hand John a twenty . int . church - a little later John and Jeremy be bored like crazy . the Priest , father o'neil , a grandfatherly sort , continue the service . father o'neil | now , for we next read , I would like to invite the bride 's sister , gloria , up to the lectern , johk ( sotto to Jeremy ) twenty buck say it 's first corinthian . - jeremy no way . colossian . 3:12 . gloria walk up to the lectern , open the bible and start read . gloria a read from Paul 's first letter to the carinthian . Jeremy roll he eye . he reach into he pocket and pulis out ancther twenty and hand it to John . gloria ( continue ; read ) '' Love be patient . Love be kind ... " jeremy ( sotte , mimick ) Love be bullshit . Love suck dick . int . church - forty five minute later Jeremy be doze off in the pew . John elbow he . Jeremy jolt awake and dab some fake tear under he eye . jeremy {by rote ) I just leve to see young people happy . N - father o'neil Craig and Christina be both quite the. sailing enthusiast . sc it come as no surprise to any of we when Craig propose to Christina while sailing the Caribbean . John and Jeremy look at each other and feign a dry-heave . father o'neil ( continue ) speak on behalf of all of we , I think I can say confidently that this marriage will be ( think this be clever ) smooth sailing all the way . now , the bride and the groom have elect to say vow that they themselves have write . the ring bearer hand the Priest the pillow that carry the ring . the Priest hand a ring to the groom who place it on the bride 's finger . oe GROOM I Craig , take you Catherine to be my wife , my best friend , and my first mate . Claire , the may of honor , make a face that say " oh , please . " John notice this and smile . GROOM ( continue ) to captain we ship of love and to stay with that ship ro matter how rough the seas . '' Claire have to stifle laughter . GROOM ( continue ) through health and sickness , clear sky and squall . Claire let out a little laugh . John can not take he eye off of she . in ten year of wedding crash , - he have never see anyone in the pridal party laugh during the vow . GROOM ( continue ) you be the star I set my course to . you be my magnetic north . my sextant always point to you . Claire can not fight it , she laugh . she cough to cover she laugh . the bride leok crossly at she . claire sorry . tickle in my throat . please continue . jeremy ( to John ) well , this be a first . JOHN ( enamoure ) she 's amazing .... the bride place a ring on the groom 's finger . bride I Christina take you , Craig , to be my husband , my best friend , and my Captain , Claire 's in agony , pinching herself to keep from lose it . bride ocontinue ) to be you anchor and you sail , you starboard and you port , you bow and you stern . Claire have to turn around . her shoulder be heaving . bride ( continue ) you life , you love , you lady , and the sea . still turn around , Claire snort - laugh . father o'neil by the power vested in I the Roman Catholic Church and by the commonwealth of Massachusetts , I now proncunce you husband and wife . {to the groom} you may now ... : ( a little reluctantly ) ... kiss the first mate . Claire explode in laughter which be drown out by the guest ' applause as the bride and Groom walk down the aisle . the groomsman and bridesmaid file out after they . John study Claire the whole way down the aisle . he 's enthralled . Jeremy wink at gloria who blushes . 24 . int . chatham beach club ~ noon , later that day John and Jeremy .. walk through . - a éntrance . area and into a large banquet room . John 's hold a gift . off to the side be @ bar area and off to the . other side be a deck with a ocean view . everything be decorate beautifully . there be opulent platter of food . a swing band ig play . it 's like something from gatsby . a waiter comé by with a tray of lobster canape . they each take one . then Jeremy take another . the waiter walk off . Jeremy look around , he 's in heaven . woman and food . jeremy sweet , huh ? what do I tell you ? JOHN you say it would be sweet . John see Claire , the maid of honor arrive . he smile . JOHN ( continue ) get we seat near -- but not too near ~ - the bridal party . i'1l drop the fake present . jeremy excellent . and if you see any crab cake , grab I sotie . get to have some crab cake , John walk off to find the gift table . Jeremy survey the room . he look at the name card on the plate and pull out several name card from he coat pocket . he shuffles through the card and find a style match . he take two other card from the table , jeremy ( continue ; to himself ) sorry Mr. and Mrs. burgess . I be sure we will find you another lovely table . Jeremy place he fake card down on the table . close on : the new name card read " John Ryan '' and " Jeremy Ryan . " int . chatham beach club ~- a minute later | John approach the wedding present table and place the fake gift down . claire walk up and start check out the gift . she pick up a medium size box and give it a little shake , JOHN fondue set . 25 . Claire 's net sure what he 's talk about . | claire Excuse I ?~ JOHN the present you be hold . it 's a sterling silver fondue set , he hold out he hand . JOHN '' ( continue ) John Ryan . claire Claire cleary . ( re. present ) how do you know ? JOHN sort of a psychic . claire - really ? ( pick up another one ) > what 's this one , then ? JOHN knife set . very nice . german . Claire pick up another . JOHN ( continue ) cotton linen , egyptian . jonn quickiy pick up a series of present name all of they . JOHN . ocontinue ) place set . candlestick . Crystal stemware ... which they ' 11 never use by the way and , I have to say , be bad karma . she hold up a small box . JOHN ( continue ) massage oil and a book on tantra . probably from the wacky aunt. 26 . _ claire ( leok at 's gift card} aunt millie . wow .. you definitely have a gift . JOHN yes . unfortunately , my power ' only apply to useless consumer product . claire Weil , look , if one day , the police need someone to find a miss belgian waffle maker , you be there . John laugh . Claire 's mom Kathleen approach . kathleen Claire , we need you for picture . ( re. John ) who ! 8 you friend ? claire this be John Ryan . JOHN {to Claire ) you remember my name . very good . claire I have a gift . she wink at he and walk away with Kathleen . Kathleen 's turn around and wink at he too . int . chatham beach club / bar area - a few minute later John enter the bar area . Jeremy waik up to he . he 's eat . jeremy you must try the bacon wrap scallop . JOHN will do . ( netice a woman approach ) oh shit ! be not that the chick you pick up at the byrne wedding ? jeremy ( see the woman , panic ) Quick hide I ! 27 . - JOHN too late . we will do number ten from - the playbook , she walk up . woman shlomo ?! I think you be renounce you possession and move to Nepal . Jeremy look at she , feign confusion . woman ( continue ) shlomo ? do not you remember I ? JOHN oh , God , I be sorry . you do not hear , I guess . shlomo have a bad accident . in the himalayas . sherpas , pack mule . oxygen deprivation . he do not remember anyone . even I , he own brother . - I be just some nice man who help he out . woman oh , you poor dear . Jeremy look at she and do fake sign language to John , jobn ( to the woman} I be afraid , he can not hear you . part of the accident . you here for the cleary wedding ? woman yes , but I have to leave . I have get a flight to Madrid . out of she sight , Jeremy mouth " thank God " to John . woman ( continue ) but I could hang out for a few minute . ( stroking Jeremy 's arm ) on , poor shiomo . Jeremy do more fake sign language . ~ JOHN he want I to take he to the bathroom . ( off more fake sign language ) and he want some crab cake . {to Jeremy , signing ) okay , we will go to the bathroom first then we will get the crab cake . Jeremy sign angrily . the woman JOHN ( continue ; signing ) Fine . we will get you the crab cake first . ( the the woman ) please excuse we . woman hhand John a card ) here 's my number if there 's anything I can do to help . walk away . Jeremy grab the card . jeremy cool . in a couple of week t'1l have you call she for I . guaranteed score . deaf-mute amnesiac . they love that . I will not even have to buy she dinner . JOHN charm . so what angle be you go to work here ? jeremy nleok around ) uoh ... 2'11 think I start with a public balloon animal display for the kid and then , when that chick draw near , do the man-haunt - by - noble-past . JOHN excellent . jeremy you ? - JOHN . no brainer . I be gonna work the dad - and then . dance with the little flower girl . Public policy minded and good with kid . jeremy beautiful . JOHN let 's do it . '' int . chatham beach club ~ a little later Jeremy be make balloon animal for the kid . presently , he 's make a elephant . he hand the finish elephant to a kid . all the other kid be impressed . Jeremy look around for gloria , the bridesmay he have " dib " on at the ceremony . she look at he from the corner of - the room , jeremy okay , who 's next ? a bratty kid step to the front of the crowd . bratty kid I want a bicycle . jeremy br bike take too many balloon . uncle Jeremy 's a little out of breath . how about a giraffe ? giraffe 's be cool . the bratty kid get right in Jeremy 's face . bratty kid make I a. bicycle . int . chatham beach club - a little later John be dance with the flower girl who 's count she step . flower girl one , two , three , step . one , two , three , step . JOHN tell you what . why do not you just step on my shoe and I will show you a few move you can bust out on you classmate . would you like that ? she step the floor 7 flower girl yes , piease . . on John 's shoe and he move the flower girl around like gene Kelly . she 's laugh and have the time of she life . Claire notice John and smile at he . John smile back and dip the flower girl , who 's eat this up . kathleen cleary , the mother of the bride , step in . kathleen ( to john} let 's see how you do with someone you own age . she 's twice he age . JOHN I think I be up to the challenge . {to the flower girl ) save I a dance later . the flower girl smile and walk away . John spin Kathleen around the dance floor , JOHN ( continue ) so , how long have you and the Secretary béen marry ? kathleen oh , thirty year next 's April . JOHN - wow . kathleen yeah , and we be faithful for two of they . she grab johns ass . close on : John 's stunne expression . int . chatham beach club - a little later Jeremy hand a incredibly elaborate balloon bicycle to the bratty kid . gloria walk up and notice the balloon . gloria {to Jeremy ) you be good . jeremy this be nething . yesterday I make my grandma a new house . Real nice one , too . with a pool . ' gloria laugh . ~~ gloria okay , then I will take a sport car . jeremy , or how about a dance instead ? gloria that 's what I really want . Jeremy pull gloria out on the dance floor . int . chatham beach club - continuous John be with Secretary cleary . SEC . cleary you read my position paper on market expansion in micronesia ? JOHN of course . read it while I be sailing my boat to bermuda . SEC . cleary ah , a sailor . good man . hey , you y do not happen to catch my speech on the paraguayan debt and money supply issue , do you ? JOHN be you kid I ? it be brilliant . now if only Congress be not so short - sighted . Secretary cleary be thrilled by John 's praise . SEC . cleary yes , yes ! so short -sighted . ( put he arm around John ) John , what do you say you and I head out to the deck and light up a couple of cigar ? JOHN nothing would make I happier , sir . int . chatham beach club - continuous Jeremy and gloria be dance to a slower song . > gloria and you save he life ? 32 . ~ jeremy yeah , some other be not so lucky . it still shake I up to talk about it . gloria I be sorry . . jeremy {a little choke up ) it 's okay , it 's just ... we lose some really good mo . Jeremy stop dance and look down , deep in think . jeremy ( continue ; then ) if you will excuse I . I think I need to get some air . oshake she hand it be nice meeting you . Jeremy walk off towards the exit . ext . beach - a minute later Jeremy walk down toward the ocean , gloria ( 0.8 . ) Jeremy ! wait up . over Jeremy 's shoulder , we see gloria run to catch up to he . Jeremy smile to himself . he 's get she . int . chatham beach club / deck area - later John and sec . cleary be out on the deck , smoking cigar , and look out at the ocean , SEC . cleary John , you seem like a astute man . JOHN thank you , sir . SEC . cleary maybe you can help explain something to I . ( nodd towards the corner of the deck ) see that young man over there ? John look to see a young man , about 22 . he 's a intense , morose , artiste . 33. he 's pluck petal off a rise and toss they into the ocean , watch each petal intently as it fall . this be Secretary cleary 's son , todd . franklin , SEC , cleary ocontinue } that 's my son , Todd . ( shaking he head} twenty - two year old , the whole world in front of he . every cadvantage in life . advantage I never have . well , that 's not exactly true , he have the same advantage I have , which be a hell of a lot of advantage . so here 's my question : what do he have to be so morose about ? I do not know sir . maybe he have not find anything to believe in yet . SEC . cleary oh , he say he believe in ( with disdain} art . but all I have see he do be dribble he own blood on a canvas , then smear it around with a stick . well , some people think that 's art . SEC . cleary it 's crap . whatever happen to public service , we obligation to we fellow man ? ( notice a waiter , he hold up he glass ) um , Franklin . my daiquiri 's at half mast . the waiter , grab the glass . franklin right away , sir . JOHN I be sure he 's , you know , just find he way . SEC . cleary and perhaps I should take it easier on he ? : JOHN perhaps . po 34 . - SEC . cleary yeah . maybe you right , todd ( scream out towards the ocean ) death ! you be my bitch lover ! SEC . cleary good , Todd , that 's good ! you tell that ...mean ...ocean . John nod and smile at cleary . ext . beach - later deremy and gloria be site in a desert cove . she 's completely smitten . gloria and so you dove into the icy water to save he ? jeremy ° yeah , well , I be sure anyone would do the same . gloria I have always wonder about this . it 's so amazing to I . why would aman risk he own life to save + the life of someone he do not even know ? jeremy well , the great 19th century philosopher schopenhauer ask that very question and this be how he answer it . he say that at that moment when a person see another in danger , there be a break in of a metaphysical awareness . you know what that awareness be ? gloria ( expectantly ) what ? jeremy that we be all one . that separateness be a illusion . that I be one with everyone . ( more ) 35 . sn : jeremy ( cont would ) y the Prime Minister of England , my great uncle Harry , you , I , the fat kid on " what 's happen . " we be all one . : gloria we be ? jeremy yes . : ( take she hand } my hand ... be you hand . otouch she cheek ) my cheek ... be you cheek . ( touch she lip ) my lip ... gloria be my lip ? jeremy yes . she kiss he passionately . '' ext . chatham beach club / deck area - continuous John be still with sec. cleary . Claire walk up . SEC . cleary Claire , there 's someone I want you to meet . this be John Ryan . claire we have met . he 's psychic . SEC , cleary really ? well , maybe he can tell I where my daiquiri be . : ( shouting ) Franklin ! oh , Franklin ! sec. cleary exit . claire you be a big hit at this wedding . JOHN a lot of nice people here . claire '' oh , they be full of shit . 36 . ~ JOHN Excuse I ? claire the only reason ninety - percent of this people be here be because of my dad . they be ail suckling at the power-teat . JOHN . yeah . well , I be here for the crabcake and the power- teat . when be the suckling , by the way ? after the first dance ? she laugh . claire I do not know . everyone walk around try to act like they care . it 's awful . plus the place be rife with lawyer . a gazillion lawyer . JOHN not big on lawyer , huh ? claire hate ‘em . I mean ... you 'ré not one be you ? JOHN oh God , no . but just out of curiosity , what have you get against lawyer ? claire : lawyer be by nature liar . and I hate liar . we see a few people slap sec. cleary on the back and share a laugh with he . claire ( continue ) see ? suckle . John laugh . he 's find Claire completely adorable . 37 . - jorn maybe , but I think most people come to , wedding , even this one , because they want to believe they be in the presence of true love , that true love be possible . even the lawyer . and the suckler . claire true love , huh ? and what be " true love , " John Ryan ? JOHN well ... true love be you soul 's recognition of it 's counterpoint in another . this obviously move she , but she try to wave it off . she hand claire well , that 's a little grandiose . JOHN perhaps . so be you give a toast ? claire yes ! normally I be terrible at this thing , but I think this one 's pretty good . John a piece of paper . he read it over . claire ( continue ) I have to fight the urge to be completeiy honest . what do you think ? JOHN I think the urge win . claire what be you talk about ?! JOHN you can not say this . claire why not ? 38 . 7 JOHN — ( read , . '' dncredulously ) " T never think my sister would find someone who care about what people think as much as she do . until I meet Craig . '' claire what ?! it 's funny . funny because it 's true . people like funny . JOHN no , see , the funny - because - it 's ~ true bit only work if the truth be a small thing like " Tim 's a little frugal " or " we all know Jennifer like to shop . ha. ha . '' I mean , people be here for a wedding , not to see Don rickles at the Sands . i'd give it a fifteen , maybe a twenty pércent chance of a laugh . not worth it . see , people : . want something from the heart . claire : {a little perturb ) al well I think people be gonna love it . . JOHN nope , you be gonna get dead silence . cricket . claire . you be wrong . I be go to stick with it . JOHN Fine . I 'il be in the back of the room wait to tell you I tell you so . int . chatham beach club / banquet room - later the best man finish up he toast . 38 . '' best man but I think Bruce springsteen say it - best when he -said , " someday baby , I do not know when , we be gonna find that place where we walk in the sun . '' and I just want to say how happy I be that my best friend and the woman he love have find that place . it 's truly inspiring to we ail . a audible " aww " come from the guest . they clink they glass . John , stand in the back of room make eye contact with Claire . John make the gag sign . Claire stand up . claire I never think my sister would find someone who care about what people think as much as she do . until I meet Craig . not a laugh in the place , in fact people be dismay . claire ( continue ) as you all know both my sister and Craig be lawyer at big firm in New York . but that 's not the only thing they have in common . you see , they both have the same favorite color . Green . ( beat ) uh..-like ... money ? you know ? again , not a laugh . the guest be start to shift in they seet . she look claire ( continue ) look , I be sorry . I be not really good at this sort of thing . to John , who point to he heart . claire ( continue ) but I will tell you this . I have hear it say that true love be the soul 's recognition of it 's counterpoint in another . that 's a very rare thing in this world and it 's something to be value . and I be just really happy that my sister have find it . 40 . the guest - all say '' aww . " the bride start to cry , rush up and hug Claire . thé quest applaud . Claire look over at John who -motion for she to meet he in the bar . ext . beach - simultaneous _ Jeremy and gloria be under a blanket . they have just have sex . gloria that 's be so amazing . jeremy '' yeah , great . what do you say we head back ? : gloria I always know my first time would be on the beach . I be just so happy it be you . close on : Jeremy . he gulp in fear . jeremy wait a minute . first time ? she nod . seremy ( continue ) you be a virgin ? gloria mm-nmm . oh , Jeremy , we be gonna be so happy together . I love you . close on : Jeremy . a look of total panic . int . chatham beach club / bar area - simultaneous John and Claire meet in the bar . claire thank you ! JOHN now you know never to doubt I . claire ; God , it be exhilate . it be ... she lean in the hug John but before she can , sack ( one of the groomsman ) rush up to she . sack , early thirty , be great look , ivy League , rich , work for noble cause . the guy every guy hate . 4l . _ sack Claire , you be awesome , sack and Claire kiss . John be dumbstruck . : clatre John , this be my boyfriend , sack . JOHN ( halfheartedly ) Nice to meet you . sack ( to Claire ) let 's dance . claire ( to John ) it be great meeting you . she shake he hand . JOHN yeah , you too . - John take a big slug of he drink . Jeremy rush up to he . jeremy dude , we have get to get out of here . asap . I have get a stage five clinger . JOHN I need more time . jeremy you be not hearing I . she 's a stage five ! a virgin clinger ! I will start the car . John be look over at Claire and sack . Secretary jeremy ( continue ; off ' John 's look at Claire ) . give it up already . her sister tell I she 's get a boyfriend . tough luck . we all have we bad day . I neéd ’us to leave right now ! cleary approach with gloria and he wife . SEC . cleary there you two be . 42. jeremy actually ... we be about to leave . it 's be - a lovely wedding . ( to gloria ) I will call you . it 's a promise . SEC . cleary ( ignore Jeremy , to wjonn ) well , look , we always hate to see the wedding end so we keep the party go back at we little place on the vineyard . it 's sort of a cleary family tradition . and , well , since we have all take a shine to you , we would love you to be we guest for the weekend . what do you say ? gloria smile hopefully . Kathleen cleary do the same . Claire and sack approach the group . John look at Claire . JOHN we would love to . . jeremy what ?! we do not have any other clothes ! SEC . cleary oh , we have everything you need out on the island . jeremy but I promise my granny I would take she to the park , glorta and I be sure daddy can hire somebody to take you granny to the park . SEC . cleary not a problem . jon great ! done . John smile . Jeremy start to say something and John step on he foot , cleary slap John on the back . 43 . ext . yacht - that afternoon John , Jeremy and about fifteen other be on the cleary yacht , a large expanse of boat , sailing toward martha 's vineyard . John and Jeremy stand at the stern of the boat . gloria approach the guy . gloria Jeremy , sweetie , I be make lemonade . interested ? jeremy sure , sure .. that would be great , honey . she smile and cross away . jeremy ( continue ; sotto} and could you put some heroin in it ? John , this be against the rule ! you have get a wedding and a reception tc seal the deal . period . no overtime ! JOHN oh realiy ? no overtime ? need I remind you of the chung wedding , 19977 ? jeremy all right , look -- JOHN we finish the reception . I be ready to go home . next thing you know , you be drag I to watch you and some chick play mah- jongg with she grandmother thirty mile away at a retirement home . ueremy I need to do that , all right ?! JOHN you need to do that ..- ha. jeremy she be into she grandma ! you know the driiil John scoff . jeremy ( continue ; loudly ) it be my first asian ! 44 , Le the people - on the boat turn around and look at Jeremy . John shoot he a look , JOHN look , I just need some alone time with she . jeremy she 's get a boyfriend . JOHN : . they all have boyfriend . so what ? jeremy okay . Fine . get some alone time , seal the deal and let 's get the fuck away from this people . sack walk over to they . sack gentlemen . everything okay ? JOHN - - oh yeah , Fine . oe sack look overboard . sack oh man , will you check that out . a school of bluefish . sohn and Jeremy lean over to take a look . sack ocontinue ) you know , this water use to be flush with bluefish . and then the corporate polluter come in and well , you can guess the rest . after we , and I mean the National Environmental Defense League under my stewardship , get Massachusetts to pass the bluefish revival Act -- . JOHN bluefish revival Act ? they be at woodstock , 's right ? sack laugh insincerely . William cleary amble over , cocktail in hand , and quickly look overboard . 45 . - SEC , cleary my God ! be that bluefish ? ( then ) you know , sack here be single - handedly responsible for the spurt in the bluefish population . Jeremy 's about to crack wise - ass but John elbow he . JOHN yes we hear . SEC . cleary well , anyway , listen , as soon as we get to the compound we be think about a little touch football . game . sort of a cleary family tradition . what do you say ? . JOHN absolutely . jeremy great . - - SEC . cleary good ! . ( examine he glass } damn , my daiquiri't at low-tide . ( look overboard ) God , I love that bluefish . Jeremy look overboard . cleary give Jeremy a hard but friendly slap on the back and Jeremy fall into the ocean . ext . yacht - a little later Jeremy be wet and shiver on the deck . as the boat approach land , John and Jeremy can see the cleary family compound on martha 's vineyard . it 's a huge , old beachfront mansion with a large lawn and adirondack chair strewn about . there 's also a dock , housing varicus sailboat . jeremy ( sotte to John ) that 's the '' little place back on the vineyard ? " ext . cleary family compound - later that afternoon Jeremy and jchn line up in a scrimmage with other guest include Claire , cleary , and sack . Todd , Claire 's young brother sit in a lawnchair on the sideline read . 46 , John hike - the ball to Jeremy and go out for a pass . he 's be cover by sack . John fake like he 's do a " out " pattern but go long .. sack be completely . fool . John catch the pass from Jeremy for a touchdown . John be congratulate by he teammate . sack fume . ext . cleary family compound - a few minute later John hike the ball to Jeremy . sack rush in , aim for John . he miss he and completely flatten Jeremy who manage to get the pass off . angle on : John racing downfield . he reach out to catch the pass , however Claire intercept . she do a little pivot dance to get around John . John mimic she wildly . she laugh . he touch / tag she . . claire not fair ! you make I laugh ! JOHN no , it 's not fair . yet a lot of thing in lite be not fair . he mimic she again . she laugh and look upfield . claire hey , be you friend okay ? angle on : a few people be drag Jeremy 's seemingly lifeless body off the field . John run over . sack I do not know what get into I . SEC . cleary I do ! five generation of Lodge . family breeding . Hell , you father use to pull the same stunt when we be you age . sack and cleary share a laugh . John rush over to Jeremy . JOHN be you all right ? SEC . cleary oh he 's fine ! hey , Jeremy , why do not you sit out the next play . Todd , come on in . Todd look up from he book . todd you must be joke . - SEC . cleary it would not kill you to play some competitive sport once in a while , would it ? Todd scoff . cleary roll he eye . jeremy égrab he side ) it 's ok . it 's ok . um , perhaps Todd could donate a kidney instead . gloria rush over , hyper-concerned . she lean over he and stick she tongue half way down he throat . Jeremy jump up to get away from she . jeremy ( continue ) good , good . I be better now . second down . ext . cleary family compound - a minute later different scrimmage . John i858 the quarterback . Jeremy hike it to he as sack come in to rush . John whip the ball guickly to Jeremy who be pummele and flatten by sack . sack damn ! what in the world be wrong with I ?! SEC . cleary nature versus nurture , Lodge . nature always win . they share another overly - exaggerated manly chortle . SEC . cleary ( continue ) let 's take a daiquiri time - out . John walk over to Jeremy . JOHN you all right ? jeremy um ... I may need you to perform the heimlich maneuver . I think I be check on my own nut . do we get to leave now ? JOHN no. 48 . gloria rush over with she mother , Kathleen . kathleen honey , let 's take he in the house and get he fix up . gloria sure , Mom . gloria nelp Jeremy up who be practically concussive . they hobble into the house , leave John alone with Kathleen . kathleen ( to John ) it 's so hot out . why do not you play in you underwear ? she give he a long , flirtatious look . JOHN umm ... kathleen think about it . I will make you a - drink . John stare at she perplex as she walk off . int . cleary bathroom ~ a few minute later Jeremy : ig sit on the edge of the tub in serious pain as gloria apply mecurichrome to he wound . jeremy ah man ! that sting ! gloria ohhh , poor baby . want I to blow ... on it ? jeremy it 's fine . she get on he lap . randolph , the early 40 's jamaican butler pass by the open bathroom door . they do not see he . gloria you know , I be not wear panty . randolph 's shocked . he clear he throat . they look up . gloria jump off Jeremy 's lap . randolph speak with a thick jamaican accent . 49 . _ randolph : oh , do not worry , little gloria . mum 's the word . gloria thank you , randolph . randolpe a little more discreet though , okay ? randolph shut the door , shake he head and walk away . jeremy oh Jesus ... gloria do not worry . he will not say anything . now where be we ? oh right , I be not wear panty . she start to straddle he again . jeremy it 's like eight hour ago you be a shy virgin . now you be not wear panty ? gloria ( purring ) you do that to I . she start kissing he . he move she off he lap . jeremy gloria , look , I be tired . it 's be a long day . not to mention that you sister 's boyfriend make a smoothy with my nard . I be not exactly in the mood . gloria ( piss off ) Fine . she take a swab of mecurichrome and stab he wound . jeremy kaaaaarrrrrrrrgh ! gloria my Father warn I about people like you ! I be just enother notch on you belt ! she take she melt '' jeremy no , no , it 's not like that ! gloria what 's it like then , Jeremy ?! huh ?! huh ?! jeremy it 's like ... another load of medicine and torture another wound . jeremy ( continue ) raaaaaaarrrrrrgh ! ( quickly ) . ok , ok . it 's like you be so , uh , damn precious that I would ... uh ... feel like ...uh... I be use you if we take every opportunity to express we ... love ... in a physical way . it diminish the poetry of this thing that we have . into he arm . gloria you be my knight . in shine armor . jeremy cool. good. good. gloria do not ever leave I . jeremy oh no . never . do not you worry ... gloria good. ( beat ) because I will find you . they get up . Jeremy 's stress . they exit into the hallway . int . cleary hallway - continuous Jeremy and gloria pass sec. cleary . SEC . cleary get he all patch up , glory -bug ? gloria I sure do , daddy . '' SEC . cleary well , you go change for dinner . she give Jeremy a peck on the cheek and walk away . SEC . cleary ( continue ) you really seem to make she happy , son . 's jeremy oh well ... yeah , SEC . cleary well , she 's my youngest and I spoil she a bit . I can only hope you treat she honorably . you know , she 's not just another notch on the ol ' belt . jeremy oh no , no . of course not , sir . SEC . cleary good , good . because that would make I angry in way you can not possibly imagine . ( beat ) and I be a very powerful man . jeremy right ...yes , sir . SEC , cleary yeah ... ( ponder ) Boy , I wish to Christ we could get she off that mood medication , oh well , see you downstairs for dinner . cleary walk away . Jeremy be now horrify . int . cleary family dine room - later a opulent dinner for fifteen be in the process of be serve , cleary be at the head of tne table . his mother grandma mary , a woman who look nearly 100 , sit next to he . the rest of the family , sack , and the other guest fill out the table . randolph , the jamaican butler , stand nearby . John and Jeremy enter the alcove just outside the dining room . John lock at sack . he 's hold court . John 's nauseate . angle on : angle on : 52 , - JOHN ( intense but sotto ) jer , you have the visine ? jeremy no ! not the visine ! it 's too éarly ! JOHN : I need the visine , goddamit . give it to I ! 's jeremy you know the rule . the visine be a last resort . the visine 's a fuck felony . JOHN I can not get any alone time with she . the guy will not leave she side . I need the visine . jusremy the visine 's fuck hard - core . a few drop in he drink and he *li spend the next twenty - fotir hour go down on a toilet séat , puke he gut out . sack at the dinner table . sack ...80 when I pick up the little sea otter and wipe the oil off he from the tanker spill , I swear he ... smile . it be a little ... otter smile . you know , all tooth , the whisker kind of pert ... Jeremy and John , Jeremy : reach into he pocket . jeremy | okay , here 's the visine . John and Jeremy enter the dining room . they sit down near the head of the table . gloria have save a SEC . cleary 's here they be ! seat for Jeremy right next to she , father o' neil heavenly Father ... everyone bow they head . John quickiy squirt the visine into sack 's wine . father o' neil ( continue ) we thank you for the bounty on this table and ask you bless we family and friend here assemble . in the name of the Father , the Son , and the Holy Spirit . amen . they all make the sign of the cross . Jeremy , preoccupy , do not until John nudge he . randolph walk over with a platter and set it on the table . SEC . cleary oh , this scallop look fantastic . sack I bring they from a organic scallop farm right off nauggesett . claire {proudly } yeah , sack talk the Governor into subsidize part of the project . sack yup . now , it 's the state 's only self - sustain scallop farm . JOHN say that five time fast . Claire laugh , then stop herself . jeremy {pointedly to sack ) I bet they be tasty . maybe I will try they when my jaw heal . sack again , I be sorry , Jeremy . it 's that damn competitive streak . I be see a Buddhist about it . SEC . cleary oh , not just any Buddhist . his holiness the dalai lama . he 's a friend . 54 . - jeremy really ? I be see a orthopedist .- when I get back - to-tewn . not just any orthopedist . Dr. Epstein -- jorn ( sotto , to Jeremy ) enough , ok ? ( to sack} he 's just fool around . so how long have you and Claire be together , sack . sack uh ... I do not know . what 's it be , Claire ? a couple of year ? claire Three and a half . ( to John and Jeremy ) we start dating while we be do that habitat for humanity thing . sack smile . sack anyway , John , tell I how you be connect to the family again ? JOHN uncle ned 's kid . jeremy you know ... uncle ned ? the brother of .... aunt Liz ? John and Jeremy bow they head and make the sign of the Cross , sack {suspicious } uh-huh ... we see gloria reach she hand under the table and grab Jeremy 's crotch . Jeremy 's eye bug out . he try to push . she arm away . gloria , she arm hide by the table cloth , begin to furiously masturbate Jeremy . SEC . cleary so John and he brother here be venture capitalist . 55 . ~ jeremy . ( falsetto ) that 's right ! John look at he strangely , then look down . he see what 's happen and give Jeremy a shocked look . SEC . cleary that 's great .. the venture capitalist . the backbone of the system . the new pioneer . claire so be it just about money ? sack feign disgust . jorn oh ...no , no ! not at all . it 's about , you know , invest in project that be both ethically and morally defensible . sack like what , for example ? jorn ( make this up as he go along ) like what ? oh , you know , we have get company that , uh , take the wool from sheep and uh , and turn it into thread for the homeless people to sew ... into cloth and then make , you know shirt and pants to sell at a profit . everybody win . claire cool ... sack mmm . what 's it call ? Jeremy be near climax . jeremy ( falsetto ) Holy sh -- . jon . {quickly ) Holy shirt and pants. 56 . ° we the group nod approvingly . cleary 's wife Kathleen look at : John and lick she lip seductively . John 's horrify . sack reach down and feel he stomach . something 's - wrong , sack I do not feel so good . SEC . cleary ( ignore sack ) that 's a hell of a good project . let I mention something to the commerce secretary . JOHN great , great . grandma mary be not my willy do a wonderful job there in Washington ? JOHN oh yes , ma'am . . SEC . cleary oh mommy ... . be kathleen ( sarcastically ) he still call he mother " mommy . " be not that cuté ? Kathleen slam down she wine and pour another . gloria be finish with Jeremy . she giggle . Jeremy be spend . grandma mary the President be so proud of my willy . gloria ( sotto , to Jeremy ) I be so proud of you willy . Jeremy , shocked , take a drink of water . grandma mary you know , willy 's predecessor be a Jew . Jeremy spit up he water . . SEC . cleary mommy , let 's not go there . saul rothstein be a good man . -— 57 . — grandma mary maybe so . {beat ) for a Jew . claire grandma , you can not talk that way . you can not feel that way . it 's not right ! - SEC . cleary ( to the table ) mommy 's a little old - fashioned . jeremy ( sotto , to John ) yeah . like Hitler . grandma mary what do you say he name be again , willy ? hymie bergstein ? I always forget he name . buc my God , do he have a nose on he . Jeremy 's aghast . it 's like he 's eat with the gestapo . claire grandma ! grandma mary well , you could have use it to flip pancake . it be like a spatula . i mean you could write the ten commandment on each side of that thing . JOHN ( to grandma mary} ma'am , I have to tell you I happen to have a lot of very good friend who be jewish . as do my brother . jeremy very close to the Jews . grandma mary {how dare you ?!) really ? JOHN yes . really . 5b , '' claire {to John ) thank you . finally someone speak up . SEC . cleary of course . we all have jewish friend ! nothing wrong with that . grandma mary '' well I guess you have to now , especially if you be do anything in finance . they own all of that . can somebody bring I another sherry ? randolph pour she another sherry . she downs it while hold onto the butler 's sleeve . she make he pour another . sack grab he stomach . he 's turn green . sack I have gotta go . he stand up . claire what 's wrong , honey ? . sack gotta...go. sack bolt from the table . SEC . cleary oh dear . hope he 's okay ... JOHN well , there 's a lot of flu go eround . jeremy but he eye be sure clear . John elbow Jeremy . john. pass a platter to Todd . todd oh , I do not eat meat or fish . grandma mary ( beat , sweetly ) he 's a homo . claire grandma ! 59 . - grandma mary > . what ? he can not help it . they say it 's genetic . tindicate Kathleen ) from she side of the family . Todd 's head sink . Jeremy give he a sympathetic pat on the arm . Todd look at Jeremy ... lovingly . claire 's ( change ' topic} Todd 's a amazing painter . he 's go to the rhode Island School of Design . JOHN wow , that 's very impressive . . todd dad use to think I be a political liability , you know , in case he ever run for President . SEC . cleary oh Todd . . ( to john} well , actually , truth be tell , > polling show a majority of the american people would ultimately _@mpathize with we situation . todd what be " we situation , " dad ?! grandma mary you be a homo , kathleen oh , for chrissake , William . put mommy to bed already ! SEC . cleary okay . mommy , we have have a long day . cleary motion over randolph , who help grandma Mary up . grandma mary I can do it myself , asshole . grandma Mary , clearly drunk , shuffles off . Todd , piss off , get up and storm off . > , todd T will be in my room . Painting ... homo thing . '' kathleen . - you go right ahead , toddy . JOHN _ {to Claire ) . so maybe after dinner we could take a walk ? . claire how about now ? I can not take this anymore . they be drive I crazy . JOHN great ! let I just change my shoe . claire . I will be outside wait . hurry up . ; JOHN absolutely . Claire get up and hastily exit . John look at Jeremy and wink . he get up and exit in the opposite direction . int . guest room - a minute later John be sit on the bed put on some top-sider . we hear the door open and then shut . John look up . we see Kathleen cleary . she 's topless . John gasp . kathleen I just get my tit do . JOHN ( jaw agape ) uh-huh . . kathleen do you like they ? . JOHN uh , yes . thosse ... be great ... tit . kathleen William do not appreciate my tit . JOHN well , darn he . Mrs. cleary , I do not think -- kathleen call I kat . JOHN okay , kat , I do not think that -- 6i . - kathleen call I Kitty - kat . JOHN uh , look ... Kitty - kat ... I really do not think this be appropriate -- she walk toward John and stand right over he . kathleen feel they . JOHN what ?! kathleen I say feel they . JOHN Mrs. cleary -- kathleen Kitty -kat . sohn '' Kitty ~ kat , be you out of you fuck mind ? kathleen I be not let you out of this room until yeu feel they . John sigh . he reluctantly reach up and feel she breast . JOHN they be very nice . okay ? she moan deeply . she grab she blouse and button it up . kathleen we will be lover before this weekend be up . she blow he a kiss and exit . John shake he head ; what the hell just happen ? int . hallway - a minute later jonn be walk down the hallway . he pass Todd 's room . Todd 's painting . he see John . todd ( 0.s. } Mom make you feel she tit ? John step and back up . 62 . JOHN what ?! no ! todd it 's okay . I can tell . you have that " Mom make I feel she tit '' look on you face . do not worry about it . she usually pick one male guest a weekend to sexually harass . - JOHN oh Jesus ... todd do not say anything to dad , though . some friend of my sister say something to dad a couple of year ago and he now life in paraguay . and not by choice . JOHN good to know . todd no problem ... John hurriedly continue down the hall . he run into Jeremy , shuffle down the hall look completely spend . jeremy what 's wrong ? JOHN nothing . I be just try to get outside to meet Claire . jeremy you have get a weird look on you face . JOHN {through gritt tooth ) ciaire 's Mom make I grope she booby , okay ?! jeremy hmm . she get they do ? they look pretty good . John stare at he a beat . JOHN what 's wrong with you ? 63 . John continue on down the hall . jeremy what ? I just ask -- JOHN shut up ! jeremy ( call out to he ) you go enjoy yourself ! I be just gonna go spit up some blood and ice down my ball . Jeremy enter he room . int , jeremy' bedroom - continuous Jeremy enter he guest room . immediately he see grandma Mary sleep in he bed . he think he 's walk into the wrong room , but notice he cumberbund and jacket hang over the chair . he go over to the bed and gently nudge grandma . she look at he and scream . Jeremy scream . grandma mary what do you want ? jeremy you be in my room . . grandma mary oh dear . I be . too much sherry . can you carry I to my room ? jeremy what ? grandma mary I think I be too drunk to walk . jeremy uh , okay , sure . ' ext . cleary family compound - simultaneous John step outside 's to meet Claire . claire what take you so long ? JOHN I be sorry . I get ( search for word ) hold up . 64 . '' claire strange family , huh ? jokn yeah ... a little . ( peat ) so where should we go ? sec . cleary poke he head out the door . '' SEC . cleary Claire , sack be ask for you . Claire look at John . claire ( to sec. cleary ) could you tell he I be busy ? SEC . cleary he 's in pretty bad shape . claire agrudgingly ) all right ... I be come . cleary nod and go back into the house . claire ( continue ) . sorry , John . maybe we can find time tomorrow . JOHN yeah , sure , tomorrow then . Claire start to head back into the house . JOHN ( continue ) hey , help he get better soon .. I saw some otter earlier and they be ... frown . claire ( smile ) be nice . Claire exit into the house . cleary poke he head back out . SEC . cleary John , my boy . brandy ? de ? JOHN yeah . great . I will be right in . 65 . John look - up at the sky , frustrated by he miss " walk with Claire " opportunity . _ JOHN ( continue ) puck , fuck , fuck ! ext . hallway - simultaneous Jeremy 's carry grandma down the hall . grandma mary you be very strong . she giggle , than fall asleep . we see randolph poke he head out of he room , and obviously misinterpret what 's go on . jeremy {to randolph ) oh , uh , okay .... I know this look kind of strange - ~ randolph you be bangin’ the daughter and . the grandma ?! how much jam you get , mon ? jeremy no no ! it 's not like that ! . randolph listen , mon . the family dog life downstairs . I can wake he up for you , too , if you like . jeremy look , you have get it totally wrong ! randolph just be gentle wit she , mon . okay ? . she be push ninety . randolph return to he room . Jeremy stand there dumbfounded . ' int . randolph's room - continous randolph shake he head , light a bong and take a monster hit . randolph ( to himself , while exhaling ) good God . it 's a mutter - fuck freak show here ... 66 . int . jeremy' bedroom - later that night - Jeremy - be ' lay in bed-toss and turn . he 's sore . int . john' bedroom - simultaneous John be lay in bed , eye open , wide awake . int . sack room - simultaneous sack be lay on the bathroom floor . he pop up to retch into the toilet . int . clatre' room - simultaneous Claire be lay in bed , and like John , she 's wide awake . int . jeremy' bedroom - later that night close on : Jeremy . he 's asleep , we see two leg straddle he . he awaken with a jolt . jeremy . hey ! . pull back the reveal gloria . she start tie he right arm to the bed post . jeremy ( continue ) what be you do ?! gloria listen , I know what you be say before and I start think that maybe I be net be exciting and adventurous for you . she tie he other arm to the bed post . jeremy gloria - ~ gloria sssh . you will wake everybody . ( beat ) I be go to make all you fantasy come true . jeremy but -- she take a sock and stuff it in he mouth . 67 . - jeremy ( continue ; muffle ) this be not my fantasy ! she put duct tape over he sock ~ - fill mouth . gloria I love you ... int . hallway - simultaneous John be walk down the hallway . he come to Claire 's door and listen to see if she 's awake . int . claire' room - continuous Claire be lay in bed , eye open , wide awake . int . hallway - continuous John do not hear anything . he sigh and walk away . int . hallway ~ a hour later Claire walk down the hallway to John 's bedroom door and listen for he . she sigh and walk away . int . john' bedroom ~ simultaneous John be sit by the window stare out . int . grandma mary bedroom - simultaneous grandma be toss and turn . she 's mutter to herself . grandma mary what be he name ? Mitch jewstein ? no ... that 's not it . Samuel kikeberg ? no ... that 's not it ... int . jeremy' bedroom - simultaneous close on : Jeremy . he 's sleep again , we see a hand come in from out of frame and gently stroke he forehead . Jeremy slowly awaken . jeremy ( half - asleep ) gloria ... you have to go back to you room . todd { ( 0.s. ) it 's not gloria . 68. Jeremy gasp . we pull back to reveal Todd , naked , on he hw stomach stroking Jeremy 's forehead . teremy - Jesus Christ ! todd we have a moment at the dinner table , do not we ? jeremy what be you talk about ?! there be no moment . topb oh yeah , wé have moment . jeremy I be sit right there . I think I would have notice a moment -- todd I make you a painting . Todd pick up a flashlight and shine it on a painting rest on Jeremy 's dresser . we seé a surreal red mess '' blotched onto the the canvas , todd ocontinue } I cali it " torture scrotum . " it 's sexual and violent . sort of a self - portrait . I thotight you would like it . jeremy oh wow ... that 's , uh , something . thank you . ,..so ...much . todd oh you be more than welcome , Todd kiss Jeremy on the forehead . jeremy say listen , Todd , I havé not get much gosh - darn sleep tonight and hey , why do not we talk tomorrow ? todd promise you 'li make time for I ? : jeremy oh ... cross my heart . mye 69 . _ todd okay ... you sleep . tode. get up , kiss he finger and put it on Jeremy 's lip . jeremy okay . good enough . Todd smile and exit . Jeremy , shake , look upward . jeremy - ( continue ) Lord ! how much more of this can I take ?! int . cleary family kitchen - the next morning John be at the breakfast table , eat some bacon , read the newspaper , drink coffee in a gargantuan kitchen . Jeremy stumble , exhaust , into the kitchen . a cook be make all kind of breakfast thing . he pour Jeremy some coffee and exit . JOHN - you know they will make you anything you want here ? Waffles , bacon , whatever ... + jeremy oh that 's swell , John . JOHN what 's you problem ? ' jeremy what 's my problem ? oh , I do not sleep too well . JOHN why not ? jeremy well , besides the boné-crush pain and the midnight rape , there be a nude gay art show at 4 a.m . JOHN nignore Jeremy , read paper ) phew . Red Sox be take it in the short . Jeremy pull the newspaper down . 70 . 7 jeremy . I be take it in the short ! JOHN have some toast . jeremy I be too traumatize for toast ! Nonetheless , he grab a piece off John 's plate . jeremy ( continue ) look , I be go to say this as nicely as possible : if we do not get the fuck out of here right now I be go to kill you . JOHN can not do it . jeremy why not ?! JOHN I need another day . : jeremy ( loudly ) for what ?! she 's get a boyfriend , plus , she own mental hospital here to entertain he ! : JOHN . sssh ! keep it down ! I think Claire 's into I . plus , the boyfriend 's a complete tool . jeremy okay , we think the boyfriend 's a - tool . maybe the whole world think the boyfriend a tool . but if she 's do not think the boyfriend 's a tool then the game 's over . JOHN the game 's never over . jeremy John , the rule be really clear about boyfriend and -- 7 JOHN will you stop it with the rule , already ?! fuck the rule ! jeremy ( hurt ) " puck the rule ? " how can you say that ?! you be a very insensitive man . JOHN this be not about the rule , okay ?! this be about love ! jeremy Love ?! ( deep breath ) well ...okay . the rule do in fact make provision for what we delude ourselves into think be love . JOHN on Jesus .... jeremy come on ! how can it be love ? you have know she for a day . JOHN I do not know , Jeremy . I can not explain it . Chemical ? fate ? I do not know . I just know ! Jeremy stare at he for a beat . jeremy Fine . I understand . I be outta here . good luck . Jeremy start to stand . John pull he back down . JOHN no , no , no . you can not leave ! jeremy why not ?! JOHN because that will create a huge shitstorm with gloria ! it will focus the attention there ! 72 . - jeremy I do not give a baker 's fuck ! I have '' my own sweat sock duct - tape into 's my mouth last night ! ( off John 's look ) Long story . JOHN I need you to help I . I mean what do the rule say about abandonment ? jeremy ( grudgingly ) " never leave a fellow crasher strand . wedding crasher take care of they own . '' JOHN that 's right . jeremy I hate you ... JOHN have some more toast . ro jeremy ~ ( sigh ) I want a waffle . JOHN good ! that 's good . ocall out to the cook ) can we get this man a watfle ? John smile and slap Jeremy on the shoulder . int . sack 's. room - continuous sack , look haggard , reach for the phone . he dial and it ring . we cut between he and he friend trap mitchell . ext , mitchell house / int . sack room - continuous trap Mitchell , sip a gin and tonic in a palatial cape cod backyard , pick up the phone . trap hello ? sack trapster , it 's sack . 73. ~ trap sack -master ! what 's the word ? how be the wedding ? sack it be great . fine. whatever . listen , I need background on two guy the Secretary invite out here for the weekend . John and Jeremy Ryan , trap write the name down . '' trap okay , John and Jeremy Ryan . sack they be brother . a couple of venture capital weasel from New Hampshire , get some kind of npo call Holy shirt and pant . trap | oh ... venture capitalist , they be the worst . sack tell my girlfriend 's father . he practically shot he cabinet level wad over this two . trap tt 's all about the money with guy like that . sick , sick , sick . sack preach to the choir , brother . trap hey , listen when you get a chance you need to come into the firm so we can restructure you trust fund . sack oh right , right . will do . trap and I will look into this guy ... see what they story be . sack excellent , bro . hey listen , let 's get the guy together later on this month . do some sailing , drink , etcetera , etcetera ... 74 . = trap sound good . I will call skunk and twine . sack cool . I be see billygoat on Tuesday so I will tell he . . trap you da ' man . sack you da ' bigger man . they laugh . they have do this before . it 's nauseate . ext . cleary family dock - the next morning John and Jeremy walk to the cleary family sailboat . on the side of the boat be paint " the Kathleen . " Secretary and Mrs. cleary , gloria , Claire , and a few other guest be on the boat already . sec. cleary be at the helm , prepare to sail . SEC . cleary where 's sack ? ~ claire I do not know ... JOHN poor guy 's probably still not feel well . that flu usually last about two day . SEC . cleary well , then , " the Kathleen '' take off without he . sack come run from the house . sack wait ! I be come . JOHN oh good . here he come . ( sotto , angry , to - Jeremy ) how old be that visine ?! sack get to the dock . we see that he 's have a really rough night . as he get on the boat , he shoot John a dirty look . 75 . ext . cleary - family sailboat - late they be out in the ocean . Secretary cieary be at the helm , steering the boat . sack sit next to Claire , he arm tightly around she . John and Jeremy sit on the bow of the boat . gloria 's arm be tightly around Jeremy . claire be you all right , honey ? maybe you should go down ' in the cabin and lie down . sack no , I will be fine . so , John , where would you say you guy be from up there in New Hampshire ? JOHN I do not . but we be from Manchester . sack great town . JOHN Big city with a small town heart . sack a college buddy of mine move up to Manchester . he love the place , maybe you know he . skunk Baker ? JOHN sorry . Big city . small town heart , but still a big city . claire anyone want a beer ? sack nod " no . " JOHN sure , I will take one . Claire get up and go into the cabin of the boat . sack you sure you do not know skunk ? he 's the big guy with chase up there . surely in you line , you have come across each other . sack really do not look well . with each rock of the boat , he get a little more queasy . John notice this and get a idea . 76 . - JOHN hey , you know my buddy Dave 's with '' chase . I bet he know he . ( then ) too bad Dave 's not here . you would love he . of course , you would never . catch Dave on a boat again . we go out on a boat one time and you should have see how sea-sick he get . I be tell you , it be a mess . we would ail eat a bunch of lobster rolis and Dave like he just slather in mayonnaise . I mean he eat , like , three of they . sack be start to turn green . joen ( continue ) and a bunch of corn chip . great guy but he eat like a sea otter . sack be try not to lose he lunch . JOHN ( continue ) we be not out to sea five minute before this guy blow like krakatowa . I mean , it 's everywhere . it be like relive the whole lunch . sack bolt to the cabin . as he do , he cross Claire who 's come back on deck with two beer . JOHN ( continue ; to Claire ) poor guy . he should have stay home . Claire hand John a beer . he take a sip and stare pensively off to sea . he 's try to get she to ask he what he 's think about . he take e dramatic sip of heer . claire be out in the ocean . it make you realize how insignificant you really be , huh ? _ JOHN yeah . I guess we be . claire ne , no . I mean you . 17. - JOHN very funny . she smile at he . claire actually , that 's why I hate the ocean . JOHN ( leék around to maké ' sure no on 's listen ) I too ! I hate anything that come on like it 's bigger than I . claire exactly . the ocean have a attitude and I do not . like it . . ( mimick ) " I be the oceah . I be so vast and eternal and you be so small and ... not eternal . " JOHN which be a very nasty attitude . {beaty you know what else have a nasty attitude ? the star . claire I know . they be rude ! and the mountain ... JOHN * oh , do not get I start on the mountain . they share a laugh then look at each other for a beat . there 's the flicker of a moment . int . cabin below deck - continuous sack hear John and Claire laugh and puke into a bucket . int . cleary family sailboat -— continuous John and Claire continué they conversation . JOHN you know what I like ? tide pool . no attitude from a tide pool . 78 . '' claire . there be some amazing tide pool - over on the other - side of the island . we could bike over there this afternoon , if you like . JOHN I would like that . it 's a date . SEC . cleary ( hold empty glass } John , my daiguiri 's swim in the shallow end . take the helm . _ _ JOHN nly ) sure . no problem , SEC , cleary just start tack back . sohn , have no clue , give Jeremy a panicked look . Jeremy shrug . JOHN of course . tack back . I be gonna tack back . excéllent choice , the tack back . sec . cleary let go of the helm and start for the cabin . John grab the wheel . Kathleen come up behind jonn and grab he ... mast . JOHN ( continue ) tack ! John turn the wheel too quickly and the boat react suddenly , send the main sail fly around and smack into Jeremy . Jeremy fly into the ocean , gloria Jeremy ! gloria jump into the water . in try to rescue Jeremy , gloria be so overwrought and panicked that she keep dunking he back into the water . he 's gasp for breath . ext . cleary family dock - a little later the boat have dock . everyone be disembark . gloria be hold Jeremy who 's wrap in a blanket . John pull Claire aside . 79 , JOHN what do you say we hit that tide pool ? claire sound great . randolph approach the group . he 's carry several rifle , which he begin hand out to all the man , include John and Jeremy . , randolph sveryth 's ready for the quail hunt . there 's a jeep wait to take you to the marsh . SEC . cleary wonderful , randolph . JOHN uh , maybe , I will sit this one out . jeremy - yeah , I think we will sit this one out . SEC . cleary nonsense . I insist . it 's a cleary family tradition . claire ( to john} I be afraid you be stick . we will check out the tide pool later . sack take note of this and scowl . SEC . cleary sack , if you be too sick .. sack ( determine and a little craze ) oh , no . ha ha . I be go . oh , I be go ! sack grab a rifle . he 's start to look a little scary . jeremy ( to sack ) you hunt ?! 80 . of sack I hunt quail . they be overpopulate on the island . they be decimate the grub worm population . get a problem with that ?! jeremy ( a little frighten ) hey , it 's all good . ext . marsh - a little later a group of about ten man , include sack , sec. cleary , John and Jeremy walk through the marsh look for quail . Jeremy stop and pull John aside , jeremy have you ever shot one of this thing before ? JOHN oh you bet . the whole fifteen year we have know each other ? well , I have be sneaking out to shoot at small bird . ( beat ) . of course I have never shot one of this thing ! jeremy what be we gonna do ? I do not want to kill a quail . it 's bad karma . JOHN you will lie to young woman to get they in bed but you will not shoot a little bird ? jeremy right . JOHN yeah , I too . but look , just aim to miss . , ' Secretary cleary stop and point . SEC . cleary there . off to the leave . everyone aim .and shoot . John and Jeremy fumble to get they rifle in shoot position . when it discharge , they be send fly five foot on they ass . 81 . ext . marsh .- a little later | the man be still walk through . ehrongh the marsh . Jeremy be rub he shoulder , jeremy I think the rifle just fire buckshot . JOHN yeah . that 's tead . pellet , dumbfuck . it 's not a sling - shot . jeremy thank you . sack stop and point . sack there . over by the spruce tree . as everyone turn , we see sack set nis sight on John . through sack 's scope , we can see John 's ass . the man fire . Jeremy discharge . he rifle . he 's send reeling again . this time into John . sack shoot he rifle . but instead of hit John , he hit Jeremy . Jeremy hit the ground grab he ass . jeremy my ass ! int . cleary family bathroom - later close on : Jeremy 's ass . someone be pull out buckshot with tweezers . pull back to reveal it 's gloria . John and Claire poke they head into the bathroon . JOHN you okay , buddy ? jeremy just fuck great ! JOHN {to Claire ) he 's never be a silent sufferer . ( to Jeremy ) we be gonna take the bike out for @ ride . we will catch you later . jeremy yeah sure . you kid go and have a good time . owork up ) I will just be here get lead pellet pull out of my heinie ! 82 . John and Claire exit . close on : Jeremy . gloria start gropin Jeremy , then look disappointed . gloria awww . Mr. pogo be not jump up ... | jeremy well , sorry , Mr. pogo get stress when Mr. jéremy 's bleed to death , okay ? ext . martha' vineyard - later John and Claire be riding bike on a path near the shore . int . cleary family live room ~ simultaneous sack pop into the live room . randolph be sit on the couch watch tv . sack hey randolph ? randolph . sssh . I be watch my storey , mon . sack I just need to know where Claire be . randolph uh ... she and that fellow go for a bike ride to the tidepool . sack 's jaw clenches . * ext . martha' vineyard / tide pool ~ later John and Claire stop they bike at the edge of a tide pool . ext . martha' vineyard ~ simultaneous sack pedal furiously on a old bike with a little basket on the front . he look a lot like the méan lady in the beginning of the wizard of Oz . ext . martha' vineyard / tide pool - later John and Claire explex the tide pool . ext . martha' vineyard - simultaneous sack be still pedale like a lunatic , a man walk he dog down the road . sack ring the old - fashioned bike bell aggressively and nearly run over the man and he dog . 83. ext . martha 's vineyard / tide pool - later John pick up a4 big starfish and try to put in on Claire 's head . she splashes he . they be laugh . sack pull up on he bike and watch John and Claire from the hill above the tide pool . John splashes she back . scon they be in the midst of a splash frenzy , get closer.to each other with : each splash . they end up in each other 's arm . Claire look up at John who 's look back at she intently . JOHN so , it would be a total cliche if I kiss you right now , right ? claire yes . a total cliche . she pull he in and kiss he . angle on : sack watch they . sack ( to himself , utterly disgust ) fuck , . sack pedal away quickly . angle on : John and Claire . Claire break the kiss . claire I can not do this . Claire run off and get on she bike . int . cleary family dine room - that night everyone be seat - at the table mid-meal . John try to make eye contact with Claire but she turn away . Jeremy be shifting uncomfortably in significant ass pain . grandma Mary be sound asleep , clutching a glass of sherry , snore loudly . sack tap he glass for attention . everyone stop talk and listen . : sack Claire and I have a announcement to make . we be go to wait to tell all of you , but the spirit of this weekend be such that we can not think of a better time to share we good news . ( moxe ) , 84 , - sack ( cont *d ) } be ( lock right at : John ) Claire and I be go to be marry . everyone ooh , ahhh and applaud except John , who be stunne . Claire look at sack , perplex . : SEC . cleary wonderful ! kathleen ( slur ) wonderful ! grandma Mary pop awake . grandma cleary ( drunk , out of it ) be the war over ? she slump back down . everyone ignore she . claire . ( through gritt e tooth to sack ) y- sack ... we need - to talk about this . SEC . cleary well , I be thrilled ! be not this wonderful , randolph ? randolph ( droll , insincere } oh , it 's a marriage bless by the angel , make in heaven , mon . {beat} okay , who want sherbet ? gloria stand up . she 's beam . gloria Jeremy and I have a announcement to make , too , I be go to be Mrs. Ryan ! coh , ahhh , applause . jeremy what ?! of kathleen ( slur ) wonderful ! b5 . Jeremy put - he head in he hand . grandma Mary pop back up . grandma mary Roosevelt 's a pussy ! Claire get up and exit outside . int . cleary family dine room - a minute later some of the guest be hover around gloria , the rest around sack . John be sullen . Jeremy puil he aside . jeremy {to John ) oh well , game over . thanks for play . maybe they will have parting gift . I will get my shit , we will get out of here . John think for a beat , then take a deep breath . JOHN you know what ? I be just gonna find she and tell she the truth . - . jeremy the truth ?! okay . that might be a good call . you be the frince of Arabia , you have reject the - throne -- JOHN Jeremy ! the actual truth . jeremy oh. wow. okay. ( frustrated ) Fine . do whatever you want . just do it quick , all right ? dohn bolt outside . Jeremy look out the window . from he Pov , we see John rush after Claire . Jeremy shake he head and exit inte the kitchen . int . cleary family kitchen - continuous Jeremy hobble in , grab a hand towel , walks.to the freezer and fill the towel with ice which he place gently on he wounded ass . the cook , stifles a laugh and exit . jeremy ( call after she ) i 's not funny ! 86 . ' Jeremy sit - down on the ice pack and put he head on the '' table . gloria walk in . so gloria there you be ! i jeremy oh , hey , gloria ... al she open a magazine in front of he face . jeremy ( continue ) what 's that ? slobia tt 's a china pattern , silly . it 's call Midnight marakkesh . jeremy oh that 's really nice ... gloria excellent ! it 's sexy and you can eat off it . just like I . 4 she wink and exit . Jeremy moan . Father o'neil walk in and bo see Jeremy , head in hand , ass in ice . father o' neil well , hello there . jeremy oh , hello Father . father 0 ' netl : be you okay ? you look troubled . he sit down next to Jeremy and pour himself a brandy . jeremy a , you know ... father 0 ' neil Marriage be a big step . you sure you be ready ? jeremy : oh , gosh , uh , sure ... I be ready , father o' neil c'mon , Son . what 's on you mind ? Jeremy look out the kitchen windew and sigh deeply . he 's at the. end of he rope . 87. - jeremy I would like to make a confession . father o' netl all yvight , Son . I can hear you confession . jeremy it 's all confidential , right ? father o' neil huh ? . . jeremy I mean , you know ... father ©' neil you have not be to church in a long time have you ? of course . it 's all confidential . jeremy well , see , thac 's just it . I be not a Catholic . - father of neil pardon I ? ° jeremy I 'ma Jew . int . cleary family livingroom - simultaneous sack be sit on the couch , a few people around he . his cell phone ring . trap be on the other end and we cut back and forth between they . . trap sackster . . sack trapster . trap listen , about that guy ... ext . beach - a minute later John be follow Claire down the beach . she 's walk at a brisk pace . JOHN c'mon Claire , wait up . she continue walk . she stop 8b . '' JOHN - ( continue ) so ... you be marrying this guy , huh ? and turn around , claire be that what you want to know ? well , you hear it back at the house . JOHN laok , you can not marry he . claire why not ? JOHN um , .. because i'm fall in love with you . . int . cleary family kitchen - simultaneous Jeremy 's really comfortable with the Priest . he 's kick back , confess . jeremy ( mid sentence ) +.- andg my bar mitzvah have a return of the jedi theme which in retrospect I regret ... but anyway , the point be we be not venture capitalist . we be lawyer . and we de this , I mean we crash wedding in order to , uh ... father o' neil meet girl ? jeremy yes , yes . well , actually more than meet they . we , you know , hope to have sex with they . and , hey , if the band 's good and the spread 's decent , that 's just bonus point . father 0 's neil and do you " meet " anybody from the cleary wedding ? jeremy actually , I sleep with gloria . well , I do not actually sleep with she . ( more ) eo , jeremy ( cont would ) we do it once at the beach at the wedding and then she ... ( make the jerk - off motion with he hand ) .. , at the dinner table . there be one more time . but I be not a willing participant , okay ? '' ( off Priest 's look ) Long story . father o' neil and you friend ? with Claire ? jeremy no , no . get this ! he think he 's in love with she ! be not that hilarious ? see ? that 's why we have be here so long ! normally we be in and out in a couple hour and -- father o' neil okay , okay . I get it . jeremy do I mention tedd have a crush on pather o' neil no , sadiy you leave that out . jeremy oh well , he do . he pretty much make that obvious after he give I a self - portrait of he testicles . ( beat ) phew ! this feel great . thank you ! I think you guy might really have something with this confession business . ext . beach - continuous John be face Claire who 's look out toward the ocean . clatre why be you do this to I , John ? JOHN but , you ... maybe feel the same way ? 90 . ~ claire ( sigh ) maybe . ( beat ) . look I do not know anything about you . you do investment in New Hampshire and -- JOHN well , see , that 's the other thing . we hear a loud gunshot come from the direction of the house . claire oh my god ! jeremy ( 0.s. ) dude ! run! JOHN what the hell ?! they look back and see Jeremy be chase by Secretary cleary , Kathleen , Todd , sack , and grandma who 's hold a large shotgun fire wiily - nilly at Jeremy . grandma mary he 's a Jew ! she 's fire off a round and miss . Jeremy scream . SEC . cleary 's you bastard ! I be go to get you ! Jeremy catch up with John . jeremy get the fuck outta here ! run ! JOHN what 's go on ?! Jeremy continue to run . jeremy . oshout back at John ) I spill ! I be sorry . the Priest tell I it be confidential ! father o' neil I be sorry . God do not pay the bill . 91 . - claire he spill what ?! JOHN oh fuck ! look , Claire , I need to tell you something quickly . sack they be lawyer , Claire . that be not even they real name ! grandma mary get back here , Jew ! grandma fire off another round which barely miss John . JOHN ( to Claire ) I will explain later . John run down beach toward Jeremy . kathleen John feit my tit ! SEC . cleary goddamit ! get ‘em , mommy ! grandma fire another round . sack they crash wedding in order to get laid ! Claire be mortify . John turn around and look defeatedly at Claire . JOHN Claire , you do not understand ! clalre ( very upset ) no , no , no . you son of a bitch ! todd Jeremy be go to be my lover ! nyell to Jeremy ) you be not keep my scrotum painting ! gloria I forgive you , Jeremy ! come back ! 92. grandma fire off another round as John and Jeremy tear down the beach , over some rock and out of sight . we see the cleary - famiiy stowly - give up the -- chase . ext . ferry - a little later John and Jeremy get on the ferry as it 's take off . in frustration , John kick a bench , then sit down , forlorn . ext . / int . various location over the next few week montage : : . John walk dejectedly through the street of Boston . Claire walk in a similar manner along the beach on martha 's vineyard . : John mail a letter address to Claire . John get he mail . his letter have be return unopen . sack show Claire some honeymoon brochure . she smile at he than stare pensively out the window , gloria mail a letter address to Jeremy . gloria get she mail . her letter have be return unopen . John , in a single man crew boat , be row frantically down the Charles River try to catch up to Claire who 's in she own boat . she do not see he , the wake from a large crew boat pitch John 's boat over , send he fly into the Charles . - sack and Claire be on the beach . sack tickle a sea otter underneath its . chin . she put she arm on sack and smile . the sea otter bite sack 's leg . int . law pirm of beckwith and klein - three week later John , a pounce in he step enter Jeremy 's office . he 's hoid the paper . JOHN Jeremy , I know how I can get to she . jeremy give it up . she 's return all you letter , she will not take you call . she do not want to see you , all right . 93 . to JOHN she do not think she want to see I . but.trust mé , . she. want the see I . jeremy o-kay ... JOHN they be have a engagement party for she tonight at the Beach Club . we be gonna be there , jbremy we be ? no. JOHN I need you to be my wing man . jeremy look , John , she father be the Secretary of the treasury . there 's gonna be secret service . they 'li probably have poster with we picture on they . there 's no way we can get in there . joren oh yes we can . Jeremy give he a skeptical look . ext . chatham beach club / alleyway - the next day John and Jeremy stand at the rear of the restaurant . jeremy how would you find out about this ? John smile and give a code knock on the door . randolph open the door . randolph finally ! okay , mon , I get you uniform . Jeremy stare at randolph in disbelief . randolph ( continue ) what be you stare at , mon ? sack 's a tool . int . chatham beach club / kitchen - that night John and Jeremy be dress as waiter . John be make coffee . the kitchen have two door . one lead to the dining room . the other lead to the banquet room where the cleary 's be have the engagement party . michael , the dining room captain walk in . Michael be clearly gay and a bit drunk with power , michael ( to Jeremy ) table five need they soup . muy pronto ! jeremy so ? they be not my table . I have not éven start yet . Michael be shocked at Jeremy 's insolence . he struggle to regain he composure . michael okay . who be I ? Jeremy shoot John a look . jeremy you be the captain . michael that 's right . which make I ...? jeremy ( exasperate sigh ) always right . michael that 's right sweet - cheek . now get table five they soup . comprende ? jeremy yes . michael yes , what ?! jeremy yes , Captain . Jeremy ladle two bowl of soup , put they on a tray , and exit into the dining room . - michael {to John ) with ul and you ? be we work . work or be we , oh , just soaking in the atmosphere ? JOHN yes , Captain . I be make coffee . that 's my assignment . michael like you attitude . ( beat , wink ) let 's talk later . Michael exit into the banquet room . int . chatham beach club / dine room - continuous Jeremy be talk to table five , a elderly couple . jeremy Fine . I will get you the chowder instead . elderly man the Boston chowder ! jeremy I know ... elderly man the white one ... jeremy I say I know ... elderly man not the red one ! jeremy I get it . Jeremy pick up they soup and he exit back into the kitchen , int . chatham beach club / kitchen put they back on he tray . - continuous Jeremy enter and put the soup down and ladle two bowl of chowder . he give John the finger and exit with the chowder into the dining room . John open the door that lead to the banquet room a little to sneak a peek . he see several secret service guy . 96 . int . chatham beach club / dine room - a minute later Jeremy be with table five . they chowder be on the table . elderly woman you put ice in my water ! jeremy it 's ice water . that 's part of the deal . 2 , elderly woman I do not want ice . jeremy okay ... elderly woman I do not know why you put ice in my water . jeremy because I be not psychic ? the old woman scowl at he . jeremy ( continue ) okay , you do not want ice ? he pick up she glass and take cut the ice with he hand . jeremy ocontinue ) there . no ice ! elderly woman ( take aback ) I be talk to the manager ! int . chatham beach club / kitchen - continuous Jeremy enter to find John peer through the door . jeremy hurry up . talk to she . I can take about five more minute of this shit . . JOHN I have get to wait until she 's alone , jeremy it 's a engagement party ! why would she be alone ?! 37 . '' . JOHN '' she 's get to go to the bathroom '' sometime . Michael enter . michael lester , may I have a word with you ? John nudge Jeremy . JOHN ( sotte ) that 's you . Jeremy , remember he 's go by " lester , " walk over to Michael . int . chatham beach club / banquet room - simultaneous john' Pov : Claire and sack be talk to some guest . Claire look beautiful , of course . int . chatham beach club / dine room - a few minute later Jeremy be with table five . his head be sink . he 's mid apology . Michael be stand right behind he , arm fold . jeremy .. , and again , I be deeply sorry for my offensive word and terrible attitude . int . chatham beach club / kitchen . - a minute later John peek out the door . suddenly he see Claire walk toward the restroom . he start to go out after she , but Michael enter and block he way . Claire enter the restroom . michael ' sergio , what be we suppose to do with cranberry torte ? JOHN ( still eyeing Claire ) what ? michael I say what be we suppose to do with the cranberry torte ? JOHN uh... drizzle it with Grand marnier ? 98 . - michael that 's right . and what do you do ? JOHN I drizzle it with Grand marnier . michael ( screeching } you drown it in Grand marnier ! I nearly have to perform mouth to mouth ! the little cranberry be in there scream , " oh help we ! we be drown in a alcohol bath ! " Claire exit the bathroom . John start out of the kitchen . JOHN Excuse I , Captain . table three heed a ... we see sack walk up to Claire and escort she back to the banquet room . John 's lose he chance . JOHN ( continue ; to Michael ) I will , wh , drizzle next time .... michael please do . Michael exit haughtily . John 's sigh . int . chatham beach club / dine room - continuous Jeremy walk by table five . elderly man I need a soup spoon . Jeremy stare at the table . there 's a soup spoon sit right there . he decide not to say anything . he start to walk away but he pride and anger get the best of he . jeremy ( beside himself ) i- i~i be sorry . | ( pick up a spoon ) what 's this ? elderly man that 's not a soup spoon . jeremy well it 's not a coke spoon ! v 9g . he pick up - the man 's teaspoon . jeremy ( continue ) see ? teaspoon , soup spoon ! tea spoon , soup spoon ! Jesus Christ ! elderly man well now you have touch it ! I need another ! jeremy ( yell ) get it yourself , you decrepit old - money cocksucker ! ! the whole restaurant gasp . jeremy ( continue ; yell ) bo anyone else need anything ? because I be gonna take my break . Jeremy start to exit into the kitchen , the secret service guy rush into the dining raom to see what the fuss be about . sack , Claire and sec. cleary be with they . they see Jeremy who 's bee-line it for the kitchen . gloria start to enter but Secretary cleary gently push she back to the private room . SEC . cleary ( to Claire ) take care of gloria . '' Claire be tear and hesitates . sack do it , sweetheart ! please ! Claire follow she sister back into the private room . int . chatham beach club / kitchen - continuous Jeremy enter the kitchen . jeremy ( to John ) okay . we be gonna want to run now . John see sack and the secret service guy enter the kitchen . JOHN oh not again ! ~ sack {to the secret service ) this be the guy I warn you about . . the secret service guy grab John and Jeremy . sack ( continue ) no ! let I handle it ! ext . chatham beach club / parking lot - A. few minute later _a guy , trap mitchell , be hold John while sack pummel he . the other have Jeremy pin to the ground . sec. cleary look on . : SEC . cleary now if I see either of you anywhere near my daughter again , I will have you arrest ! I have that sort of power and I win ! t hesitate to use it . Secretary cleary storm off . trap ( to sack ) one more , sackmastér , and then we have to finish up dinner . sack slam John in the gut , spit on he and he and the trap go back into the restaurant , leave John and Jeremy in the parking lot . John sit up and rub he jaw . Jeremy dust ‘himself off . he look at Jeremy , disgust . JOHN Nice job . jeremy oh ? you do not care for my performance as a waiter ? okay , well do not go to the fuck sequel , all right ? John shake he head . he take off he tear jacket and get up . so do Jeremy . jeremy ( continue ) dude , look , she 's just not worth it . John stare at nim for a beat . ~ JOHN you know , that 's what you say about Mary theresa spinolli . jeremy what ?! JOHN Mary theresa spinolli ? you junior prom date ? 2 jeremy I know the story ! I have to remind you of the story ! JOHN Mary theresa spinolli be cheating on you with every guy in high school ! you be in love with she ! she break you heart ! jeremy be you fuck high ? that be fifteen year ago ! - JOHN Mary theresa spinolli be you first love and she break you heart ! and because you have to be aman , because we all have to be " man , " all you have to say about it be '' she 's just not worth it . " jeremy okay , I think you have a concussion . JOHN Problem be you could not move on . and since then , none of they have be worth it ! right , Jeremy ?! - jeremy you be a asshole . JOHN and now , because of that , we all have to pay the price ! jeremy what price be that , John ?! oe _ JOHN - not grow up ! okay ?! piss away we fuck life live by some idiotic dumb - ass " rule ! " not grow up , Jeremy ... jeremy you could have opt out anytime , my friend ! nobody hold a gun to you head ! John do not answer . jeremy — {cont inue ) this life ... crash wedding , pick up woman ... this life fit you perfectly . and you know why ? because you be a chronic liar . JOHN fuck you . jeremy : - see , crash wedding , pretend to be someone you be not - to get laid ? you do not do that in spite of who you be . you do that because of who you be ! do not get I wrong . it 's a compliment . you be a genius at bullshit . that 's why you be so good in the court room . and that 's why you be so good at crash wedding . it 's who you be . JOHN I be outta here . jonn start to walk away but stop and turn . JOHN ( continue ) all that wedding we go . to over the year . do not you once look at how happy the bride and groom be and wonder what that would be like ? jeremy no . JOHN I feel sorry for you . John start to leave . Jeremy grab he arm . 102 . with 103 . '' jeremy at least I know who I be , motherfucker ! you ? Hell , you can talk about love , love , love until you be blue in the face . but in the morning you still have to wake up as John . full of shit John . John clenches he fist and be about to belt he . then he take a breath , sigh and back off . jorn you know what ? you be just not worth it . John turn and waik away . int . law firm of beckwith and klein - two month later decoration and trays of food be out . everybody 's drink . it 's a party . a banner read : " fareweil John . good luck in Chicago . " we see a group of John 's colleague toast he . John raise he glass and smile . he take a drink and casually look around . Jeremy 's nowhere to be see . int . jeremy' office - simultaneous Jeremy be at he desk . it 's dark , save for one lone dim lamp . Jeremy take a drink . he 's obviously unhappy . int . john' apartment - a few day later John be pack up box , get ready to move . Jeremy burst in . jeremy okay , do not say anything ! not a word . let I just say this . what you say outside the beach club ? it be true . I mean , about thirty percent of it . ( off John 's look } okay it be all true . I have not grow up and ... I be cover for some ... pain . and ... I do not know . look , I be sorry I fuck up the Claire thing for you . JOHN you do not fuck up anything . Jeremy smile . 104 , '' , _ JOHN ° ( continue ) well , i.mean you.did , but it be not you fault . how could I ever expect to woo the woman of my dream by crash a wedding ? it 's ridiculous . . . jeremy well , we do have fun ... at all of they . JOHN no doubt , my friend . '' they look at each other and embrace . . JOHN ( continue ) I just need to make a new start . preferably in a state where I be not under a restrain order . jeremy . yeah , I get that . it 's just I be think we should go out one more _ time before you leave . JOHN yeah , that would be great . what do you want to do ? jeremy well , there 's a wedding ... sohn Jeremy .... jeremy come on . for old time ' sake . JOHN no way . I be do with that . jeremy this will be the fast one ! a send off . do £t for '' hié , Fifteen year of friendship ... int . boston church - later sohn and Jeremy enter . the church . they stop in the back . 105 . '' JOHN , you know this be the last time I be wet do this , right ? . jeremy absolutely . a wedding be in progress . John icok up at the altar . it 's Claire and sack 's wedding . he look at Jeremy . Jeremy smile . . JOHN I do not think I can do this ... jeremy sure. you can . she 's the woman of you dream . JOHN oh man .... jeremy it 's you big momant . dazzle the jury . John look at Jeremy . : JOHN a thanks . — jeremy : you will want to hurry up . I think they be get pretty close to the " I do '' part . which would be bad . John walk toward the altar . he clear he throat loudly . all eye turn to he . JOHN Excuse I . SEC , cleary oh , for the love of God ! he motion security over . - grandma cleary stand up . grandma 's cleary it 's the Jews ! sack Security ! the secret service approach John . pm 106 . 7 JOHN just let I speak my mind and I '11l leave you all alone forever . sec . cleary nod " okay " to the security man . sack ( sotto to Claire ) I do not fuck believe this . JOHN . Claire , it 's true , I meet you because I crash you sister 's wedding . {to the guest ) that 's right . I crash wedding . or at least I use to . in fact ... ( point to a couple ) I crash you wedding about a year ago . very nice , by the way . I will say a vegetarian option be usually a good ideé but , otherwise , a wonderful wedding . how 's it go for you by the way ? - they nod " pretty good . " from the back of the church , Jeremy clear he throat as if to say , " pick it up . " everybody again . JOHN ( continue ) and , yes , it 's true I be a lawyer . but my heart 's not in my law practice . I mean , I have try to do good . well , that have not always be true and , well , I have lie ... '' a lot . shift uncomfortably . Jeremy clear he throat JOHN ( continue ) all right , all right ! my point be I have change . I guess I have grow up and I do not know why it take I so long but , well , maybe it 's because I do not see anything worth grow up for and now maybe I do and look , I do not know ... I be sorry . I be usually pretty articulate but ... I guess it 's a lot harder when you be not bullshit . ( to the Priest ) sorry Father , . 107 . Father o’neil nod '' do not worry about it . " JOHN ( continue ) yes , I be . a liar . I be a liar because I be scared . but you know what , Claire ? you be scared too . you be scared to tell - the truth about sack . you be not in love ' with that bozo . sack turn crimson . sack okay , I have have enough . he start to move off the altar . Claire hold he arm . JOHN . . in fact , I think you might be in love with I . I know I be in love with you . in. fact , I love every single thing about you ... except for the fact yeu '’re on that altar - with another man . John start to walk toward the altar . JOHN ( continue ) but , Claire , I have make a change in my life because of you and maybe you would like to make a change because of I . . claize look at sack and then look at John . a long beat and then she smile at sack . she lean to he . he smile . we think she 's go to kiss he . they lip be about to meet . claire I be sorry , sack . she take off she veil and step off the altar . sack look at Secretary cleary as if to say '' help I . " SEC . cleary Claire ! Claire turn around . SEC . cleary ( continue ; beat , then smile ) I be sure you and John will be very happy . at least try to be , okay ? 108 . - sack oh , you have get to be kid ! SEC . cleary Lodge , you be a tool . in fact , you come from a long line of tool . I suppose you be maintain the tool tradition ... but not with my daughter . sack glare at sec. cleary , then bolt off the altar . he 's run straight for John but before he can get there , Jeremy run up from the back of the church and tackle he . jeremy ( the sack} oh sorry , dude , I do not know what get into I . I be see a Buddhist about it . Claire run up and hug John . they begin rush out of the church . JOHN - thanks , buddy . jeremy my pieasure . gloria 's notice Jeremy for the first time . gloria Jeremy ! she run toward he . Todd stand up , run toward a man in the first row and hug he . . todd Senator frankel ! there 's total chaos in the church . John and Claire kiss . they run out of the church . . ext . church step - continuous John and Claire look at each other and smile . JOHN where to ? claire I be starve ... 103 . _ JOHN I too . what be you in the mood for ? we see Jeremy be chase by gloria , ten foot behind they . claire I do not know . maybe japanese . jeremy a4 ocall out} I 4 fujimora wedding ! Salem . Three . p.m . great tempura . Jeremy keep run . John and Claire shake they : head and laugh . a wedding guest who 's late , walk up with a gift in she hand and perplexedly hand it to Claire . claire ( to John ) place set . JOHN oh yeah . . she hand the gift back . John and Claire look at each other , kiss and keep run . dissolve to : chyron read : one year later int . house of worship - one year later close on : John and Jeremy . they be in tux . we see just a touch of the altar behind they . the wedding March begin to play . John 's a little nervous . they have a sotto conversation . jeremy dude , you ready for this ? jobn yeah , yeah ... of coursé . jeremy because you seem nervous ... JOHN I be fine , I be fine . ( beat ) it 's just that I have never be a best man before . we pull back to see gloria walk down the aisle with Secretary cleary . 110 . - jeremy dude , you be go to be a groom next month ! we see Claire , the maid of honor stand with other bridesmaid . John smile at she . she smile back . JOHN - oh , that I can deal with . watch you do this , different story . Jeremy laugh . gloria get closer . jeremy you know , we be go to be brother - in- law . johrn I know . jeremy well , you know , the rule for brother - in - law be different . when chazz reinghold get marry , he say ~ - JOHN wait ! what do you mean " when chazz . reinghold get marry ?! " you never _ tell I he actually get marry ! gloria !s - nearly at the altar . jeremy ( sheepish ) oh..-yeah ... well he tie the knot last year . JOHN I can not believe you do not tell I that ?! jeremy I guess I forget ... JOHN bullshit . claire ( sotto ) boy ! enough ! JOHN ( to Jeremy ) we will talk about this later . 111 . Secretary cleary give gloria a kiss and shake Jeremy 's hand . Jeremy beam as he see gloria , radiant , John smile and pat Jeremy on the back . Jeremy start toward the altar where we see a Priest and a rabbi . jeremy ( the himself ) shoot ! I forget . Jeremy take out a yarmulke and put it on , close on : grandma Mary . she rolis she eye . as Jeremy be about to step up to the aitar he turn to John . jorn ( whisper } dude , row seven , five and six seat in . John turn around . he see two guy in they early twenty . they be both gently dabbing they eye . John turn toward Jeremy and smily . JOHN ( continue ; sotto ) crasher , jeremy oh yeah . John chuckle and give the guy a nod . Jeremy walk up to the altar . he and gloria smile at each other , as we : fade out : the end