upload one-hour pilot of a half - hour series created by greg Daniels August 21 , 2017 over black '' nora '' nora antony , cute , defiant , 27 , in a profile picture on a app call '' nitely , '' above a 5 - possible - star rating that have not be fill out yet . reveal a dude name byron be hold the screen and look at the real nora get dress next to a bed . int . NY apartment bedroom - december day , 2031 - continuous nora wait for a shirt to come out of a 3d printer . it 's the future , guy . nora hey thanks for the bottle of water . it 's the little touch get you 5 star . she show he she rate he 5 star on she version of nitely ( which be like a tinder / uber hybrid . ) byron cool . hey , you have time for a quick fuck before work ? nora I really do not . maybe if we get match up again . byron um , I have not rate you yet . nora ... really , dude ? byron I mean , two star can significantly lower you average ... nora sigh and start take off she clothes . byron ( cont 'd ) awesome . thanks man . nora no , you know what ? fuck this . in 1l take the two . byron too bad , bitch . I give you a one . nora wow . okay then , I 'il earn it . she grab the shirt and heave the printer in the air , leave as Byron scramble to catch it . int . hall outside byron 's apartment - continuous pull on she shirt , nora hear a crash and smile . her phone ding and she see a screen : '' you have receive a 0 - star rating on you last nitely experience . would you like to contest , y/n ? '' she scowl . fade to black '' Nathan '' ext . freeway - L.A. - november day , a month before the freeway be full of self -drive car shape like egg . int . nathan 's self -drive car - continuous nathan brown , 27 , thing come easily to he , especially woman , edit line of computer code project on windshield / screen . Nathan 's best friend / work partner jaime arnaz be on speaker . jaime ( v.o. ) there 's some kind of acceptance bias in the last three line . nathan yeah ... what be that ?... oh . he hit a few key . jaime ( v.o. ) ( tired ) aw yiss . naile it . okay , the agip protocol still need work . nathan God no . I gotta veg a little . see you later , okay ? jaime ( v.o. ) dude , we be so close -- Nathan hang up , then poke a key . his work be push to the side . he decide to have some fun . nathan car ? car ( Australian accent female ) yes , Nathan ? nathan clean camera lense please . car Cleaning ... Little squirt and wiper go off inside and out . while the car can not see , Nathan shut off the car 's brain and hack something to drive use the keyboard with the w-a-s- D key . he swerve in and out , pass other car and enjoy the startle look . after a few second , he hear a siren . nathan uh oh . freeway shoulder - moment later Nathan explain out the window . nathan it just start racing , who know why . i’11 take it in to be service asap , swear to God . reveal he 's facetime a female chp officer on a tablet attach to a hover drone . nathan ( cont 'd ) I be on my way to my parent 's house for Thanksgiving -- can you imagine if they be wait and my car have -- I do not even want to think about it . female chp officer uh huh . car , what 's you story ? car do not know what happen . lose consciousness for a minute . will update anti-virus software now . nathan yeah , you do that . there 's a human life back here ! female chp officer okay , you can go . get it fix soon though . I do not want to see you again . nathan oh no ...? he smile at she . she laugh , charme . car should I call you long - time girlfriend ingrid and tell she you will be late ? the officer roll she eye and fly off . nathan it 's call be nice . God . int . NY subway - future december day —- morning ad for the big digital afterlive line the car . ( '' experience ' ternity 's by spectrum . '' '' Apple / Intel 's ' cove 's '' '' 40 % off you first 100 year at snap - Disney 's ' cumulus . 's '' '' you do well , you deserve lakeview by amazon . '' ) nora , squeeze on a bench , glance at the guy next to she . he 's watch a telenovela call '' amor despue de la muerte . '' a man hold he hand up to a giant screen . on the other side , a woman hold she hand up to touch he . behind she be a color-saturated Puerto Rico beach resort . telenovela woman I esta esperando ? telenovela man dije que lo haria . nora lean closer to the guy 's earbud to listen in . the guy turn and kiss she on the mouth . she rub she lip with she sleeve . nora echh . Fucking commuter . ext . brooklyn STREET - future - overcast day - a little later nora walk down the crowded sidewalk . drone fly overhead like pigeon . the street be cramme with bike , one of which bang into nora . nora ow ! Fucking bike ! ext . amazon office build - brooklyn - day nora hurry past protester , hold sign like '' digital afterlife be a abomination to God ! '' protestor the Works of man be shit ! nora Fucking ludd . int . amazon office build entrance - brooklyn - day employee touch they index finger to a screen and be allow to enter . nora give the middle finger to the screen , then use it to log in . she walk under a sign read : '' amazon lakeview customer service . '' ext . apartment build in LA ( echo park ) - evening a old tesla model S ( a junker in the future ) stop in front and Jaime run out . behind he , the car park itself . int . brown apartment - continuous Jaime let himself in and rush to the dining room . jaime hey , Mrs. Brown , sorry I be late -- whoa ! he see Nathan sit next to ingrid kannerman , 28 , blonde , very beautiful but intense , surround by Nathan 's family . jaime ( cont 'd ) ingrid . what be you -- I mean , be I crash something ? ingrid nod . Nathan 's Mom , who be smoking a joint , wave off he concern . nathan 's mom pshh , Jaime , you be always welcome . Nathan , get he a chair . jaime I will help . ext . apartment balcony - moment later jaime the fuck ?! she always have Thanksgiving with she family . nathan invite herself . I do not think it be a great idea but she start cry , and I can not handle cry . jaime you could have tell I she have be here . I have time to kill myself . nathan just drop it , man . she 's my girlfriend now and I love she . get use to it . jamie okay , but if she 's come to family Thanksgiving , next thing she 's gonna expect be a proposal . get use to that . int . brown dine room - continuous ingrid hold up a spoon of rice with red berry . ingrid and it 's really call '' barbarian stew ? '' nathan 's mom no , that be '' bar-berry . '' the dish be Zereshk pollo . it 's Persian , from my mother 's side . ingrid ha ahhaa . it be so good . spicy ! Nathan and Jaime come back in . jaime so , ingrid , Nathan say you invite he to you grandma 's 100th birthday ? nathan 's dad a hundred ! wow , impressive . ingrid well , she 's in Heaven . nathan 's mom oh , which one ? ingrid lakeview . nathan 's mom mmm , I have hear it 's beautiful . ingrid well , we be a amazon family . Prime on both side . nathan 's dad Heaven 's too expensive for I . I will be store on a sim card until this two finish they free version . jaime it will not be long , if Nathan party a little less and program a little more . nathan 's mom pay he a salary , you can ask for a drug test . nathan aw yiss , Mom ! ingrid well , you have all be welcome at lakeview . it 's surprisingly affordable . awkward beat . Nathan 's niece nevaeh , 8 , whisper in he ear . nevaeh uncle Nathan , can you help I with my classical dance homework ? int . foyer - moment later nevaeh be twerking happily to '' omg '' by arash as Nathan mime riding she like a cowboy . dancing montage : Nathan hold nevaeh 's hand and spin she around . he glance in the mirror and fix he hair . nevaeh slip out of he other hand and crash into the wall . nevaeh uncle Nathan ! nathan sorry ! they keep twirling . nevaeh be red in the face but loving it . ingrid watch he dance with a smile , then check she phone . she catch Nathan 's eye and make a '' let 's go '' face . int . amazon office area —- brooklyn - day nora walk past row of desk , put she coat on she chair , and touch she ear . a little earbud blink on and she hear beyoncé 's '' crazy in Love . '' she wave at she terminal and she screen light up . across the room , nora 's supervisor , lucy , look at a map of the workstation . next to '' nora Antony '' be a headset icon . Lucy poke it with she finger . lucy no music ! the music stop . nora cool ! thanks so much , Lucy ! merry winterday ! she turn to she screen cover with folder and open one label '' rechna futawarab . '' Inside be a avatar of a middle - aged indian woman next to a million video file and a alert : '' rendering complete : activate ? '' nora hit a key and a window open with a jiggling brain wave and a upload circle that start fill up . nora ( cont 'd ) ( into she headset ) hello , rechna . ( more ) nora ( cont 'd ) I be not expect you to answer I yet , the system be sorting through a lot of information right now , but I be gonna count to three , try to count with I . one ... two ... three . rechna ( v.o. ) ( moan ) oo - oh my God , where be I ...? nora ( 0.s. ) it 's all good , rechna . welcome to Heaven . int . a bed somewhere - night - later Nathan and ingrid finish make love , and she snuggle into he . pass light and advertising flicker on the ceiling . reveal the bed be in ingrid 's car . ingrid think they like I ? nathan sure . you be so fuck hot . ingrid what ? nathan sorry , what would you say ? ingrid you family . you mom say I be the first girl you ever bring home for Thanksgiving . nathan no big deal . ingrid I think it be a big deal . I feel very special , babe . nathan ++. cool . honk !! the car swerve , people outside curse , Nathan sit up . nathan ( cont 'd ) whoa , do you have '' prioritize occupant '' on ? 10 . ingrid of course . I care about we . you do not '' prioritize pedestrian , '' do you ? he do . ingrid notice something outside . ingrid ( cont 'd ) Park ! int . / ext . ingrid 's car pod - continuous ingrid 's car pull over across from a little bodega call '' Whole Foods . '' ( for some reason , that chain have shrink in the future . ) behind they , Nathan 's empty car pull over too . ingrid sleep over tonight ? nathan uh ... ingrid ( sexy ) I nil make it worth you while in the morning . nathan okay . ingrid good . we need egg powder and a can of toast . ext . ingrid 's car pod — continuous Nathan enter the store . her pod take off , he wait . int . whole food - freezer aisle - night Nathan push a cart down the freezer aisle . freezer ( Australian accent ) you lack iron . buy some spinach . int . whole food - check out - a little later a robot arm bag he grocery . Nathan page through a tabloid on a screen . 11 . close on - tabloid article '' Facebook / Panera Heaven break first weekend attendance record . '' video show a morongo - style hotel , with crowd gambling , learn to sexy dance , etc . int . nathan 's car - speed - later pull out to see the article be now on Nathan 's windshield . reporter ( v.o . ) Panera go online with a record - break fifty million unique soul and visitor . the aggressive former - chain restaurant be on a acquisition tear , its stock soar after roll up monsanto and Facebook earlier this year . Nathan suddenly notice he car be go fast and be heading straight for a double - park truck . nathan car , see the park truck ? car no. nathan yeah , it 's double park . car data show no vehicle . nathan I be look right at a truck ! car could you be impair by drug ? again ? nathan fuck you ! manual override ! car manuel ? there be no manuel here . you be probably impair . nathan stop the car ! Nathan crash into the truck . 12 . int . nora 's workstation - brooklyn - day nora suck a iced coffee from dunkin donut , and work on a new folder on she screen label '' nathan brown . '' she open a video memory file to see ... Nathan 's Pov : he happily dance with nevaeh at Thanksgiving . Nathan catch sight of himself in the mirror and grin . nora pause the image , then screenshot Nathan 's face and drag it to a empty wire frame animation , give it a blurry Nathan face . Lucy walk down the line of desk . lucy anyone see my coffee order ? nora rotate she cup which say '' Lucy '' away as Lucy pass . nora nope . she open another memory file . Nathan 's Pov : the Pacific Coast highway over the top of motorcycle handlebar , ocean on the leave . Nathan look into the side mirror and grin , the wind whipping he hair . nora pause the picture of Nathan check he look in the mirror again . this guy just love himself , do not he ? she drag the image to the wire - frame avatar , which get more detailed and high -re . female CO - worker ( 0.s. ) ooh , young . a female co-worker look over nora 's shoulder . female CO - worker ( cont ’d ) and cute . nora he sure think he 's cute . Basic beverly Hills douche . app start - up ? vintage motorcycle ? come on . female CO -worker I do not say have he baby , I would just dance that pole . I be in the wrong neighborhood -- my nitely fuck all have less muscle and body hair than I ... how have he die ? 13 . nora ( look at file ) car accident . female CO - worker you mean motorcycle ? nora it say car . female CO - worker weird . I be upload my fifth old woman in a row . fun , huh ? later nora carefully edit Nathan 's hair on the avatar she be building , which be very detailed now . use a stylus , she smooth out a cowlick . perfect . she be very good at what she do . she look at he handsome face for a beat , then mischievously '' undo '' the last few stroke until the cowlick be back , and save she work . she click on another memory file , but it do not open . '' memory file a56f432c8 damaged . '' nora frown . that usually do not happen . she start a folder label '' ??? '' and drag the damage file into it . she open the next memory file . Nathan 's Pov : light pass by on a ceiling . dissolve to : int . emergency room - shortly after the accident Chaos . Nathan be on a gurney be push into a or where a team be work on he . ingrid follow , freaking out . er nurse do you have any drug allergy , Nathan ? nathan ( voice be weird and whispery ) no . I really think I be okay . er nurse when 's you birthday ? nathan on the brif of febinary . 14. ingrid oh , you be not okay . God , I should have wait for you ! nathan -.. you tooth be so white . er nurse morphine have kick in . nathan I be go home . Nathan try to stand up . blood pressure machine ( another Australian female voice ) sit down please . another er nurse his vital be drop . er nurse 5 mge epinephrine now . ingrid oh ! we really want to upload and I do not want to miss the window . er nurse be the paperwork all fill out ? ingrid no. er nurse Heaven sale rep to the er . nathan wait , what ? er nurse another er nurse just in case . can not upload a dead body . nathan ( cont 'd ) Dead body ?! I be go to be fine . ingrid baby there 's piece of you stick out all over the place ! nathan another er nurse could someone call my folk ? vital still drop . 15 . ingrid er nurse they be on they way . you where be my surgical car call they after I . consult !? a man in a suit step in hold a tablet . heaven sale rep brand ? ingrid amazon lakeview please . nathan I want to request neutral storage , it 's a separate form . heaven sale rep sorry . one at a time please . I need to start with a amazon id . ingrid ingrid kannerman . Capital p panorama ampersand 2002 . er nurse stand by on upload room 2 . nathan really do not think we need upload . I be feel pretty chill . insert shot : he vital sign drop on the monitor . another er nurse er nurse his vital be still go another 3 mge epinephrine . down . I have get or 3 on hold also . where be my consult ?!? ingrid baby , do not try and tough this out . you could just old - fashioned die , or we could be together forever . nathan forever ? um. honey you know I love you , you be amazing , but -- ingrid but what ? ingrid start crying . 16 . ingrid ( cont 'd ) if you have rather die than be with I - - I just -- I -- nathan do not cry . please do not cry . ingrid cry harder . Nathan be aware of the sale rep . I too ! nathan ( cont 'd ) there 's people ... now be so ... ( sigh ) of course I want to be with you , ingrid nathan there 's just a lot go on -- heaven sale rep ( thrust tablet under Nathan 's hand ) great . hit '' accept . '' nathan wait , what be I accept ? heaven sale rep we term of service . nathan which be ? heaven sale rep you want to read it ? it 's like two hundred page . nathan I can not sign without know what I be signing . heaven sale rep have you never get a app , ever ? you can not use the service without agree to the term of service . nathan but that 's not fair . if I do not use the service , I could be dead . I mean really dead dead . ( it hit he ) disappear forever dead . heaven sale rep I would choose '' agree '' then . 17 . nathan fuuuuuuuck . int . nora 's workstation - brooklyn - day nora watch the memory unfold with interest , loudly suck she drink down to the ice . back to scene nathan ( to er nurse ) what be my chance here ? er nurse you vital keep drop so unless you system rally , you be currently die of a puncture lung . I be sorry . nathan this be insane , I be only 27 ! they stop push the gurney because the hall split into two direction : leave to operate room 1 - 4 and right to upload room 1 - 3 . er nurse what do you want to do ? ingrid sign the thing ! Nathan motion to the Heaven sale rep to lean in . nathan there 's still sex , right ? heaven sale rep oh yeah . the vr suit be amazing . you can adjust she avatar , you can boost level , stimulation you would not believe . Nathan nod and look around . nathan where 's my mom ? I need to talk to she . heaven sale rep eww gross . 18 . nathan not about that . God . his monitor beep another warning . ingrid get on she knee and hold he hand like a dement proposal . ingrid Nathan please . say yes . I be begging you , we be out of time . nathan ugh . okay . okay ! he touch '' accept '' and they wheel he to the right . ingrid nathan this be go to be so great ! okay . whatever . ( overwhelm ) it 's only for eternity . int . upload room 2 - moment later Nathan be strapped in a chair under a giant device that hang from the ceiling . scanning technician this will not hurt . as soon as the shutter be up to speed , the scanner will start recording . I be jealous man , lakeview 's plush . see you on the other side . he exit . ( angle on the monitor : unnotice , Nathan 's vital sign start to go back up . ) Nathan look above he where a metal blade be start to spin faster and faster . nathan ( scared ) uh ... can we hit pause here ? scanning technician ( v.o. ) please look forward at the spot in front of you . Nathan look at a '' look here '' sign on the wall next to the window where ingrid and the nurse be watch he . through the window , he see he mom burst in the back of the room . nathan oh thank god. Mom -- 19 . suddenly the scan begin . a blind white light shine down on Nathan 's head , burn off one layer of molecule at a time , as a fan blow the ash of the already record layer out of the way . quickly , Nathan 's head fizzle down to he shoulder like a burnt hair and the machine shut off . his headless body , still with arm raise to he mom , fall into a cooler full of ice . as he mom and ingrid scream ... scanning machine ( Australian accent ) upload complete . fade to black after a time ... nora ( v.o. ) hello , Nathan . I be not expect you to answer I yet , the system be sorting through a lot of information , but I be go to count to three , and try to count with I . one ... two ... three ... int . nora 's office - continuous nora look at a wave form of Nathan 's consciousness . next to it be a circle that be slowly fill up . ( another window scroll through the million of video file and photo . it 's complicated and cool as shit . ) nora welcome to Heaven , Nathan . back to black nora ( v.o. ) you make it to lakeview , you lucky duck . nathan ( v.o. ) ( groan ) nora ( v.o . ) hang in there , dude . 20 . int . nora 's workstation —- continuous nora 's screen have Nathan 's brainwave play in a window . nora I want you to think of you self . the '' I '' in the sentence , '' I think therefore I be . '' okay , cool , just gonna grab that ... she highlight a section of he waveform with she cursor . nora ( cont 'd ) that 'il be you password , or passthought . i’11 always be able to use this to -- back to darkness nora ( v.o. ) recognize you . now , remember kindergarten ? the alphabet song , a bcd ? think that for I ... yeah , good . now think the color blue ... white ... red ... yellow . perfect . the darkness go blue , then white , then red , then yellow , then start resolve slowly into a scene . int . nora 's workstation —- continuous nora look at the screen . nathan ( v.o. ) ( Australian female ) I be feel pin and needle . nora ( laugh ) why do people always set it for Australian accent ? say again please . she adjust some stuff on the screen . nathan ( v.o. ) ( regular voice ) pin and needle . nora there we go . that 's a lot better voice for you . 21 . nathan ( v.o. ) your be nice too . nora roll she eye and ignore that . nora pin and needle be just the program find you nerve ending . can you see anything ? int . amazon lakeview — continuous the place be boot up -- a rectangle become a window . detail emerge : a wooden rock chair , a crochete cushion , porcelain door knob . out the window , brilliant blue sky , dark green fir tree on a distant mountain . nathan ( 0.s. ) I be in some kind of old - fashioned room ... Nathan 's voice come out of a simple male avatar with brown skin and hair , whose detail be quickly get fill in . he look out the window ... nathan ( cont 'd ) .-- look over a lake ... aaaannnd , he be completely detailed and hd . nathan ( cont 'd ) ..- beautiful tree ... and , whoa ! a shark swim right towards I ! nora ( v.o. ) what ?! that 's not suppose to -- nathan JK . intercut between nathan and nora nora ( a little impressed ) ha ! sense of humor . Nice . um , so , welcome to amazon 's lakeview . the only digital afterlife environment model on the grand victorian hotel of the United States and Canada . 22 . Nathan look around the room -- a big , luxurious , hotel suite with a stuff moose head and handmade wooden chair with the bark still on . nora ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) hope it 's not too specific for you . nathan it be never my thing , but it 's kinda cool . nora yeah , we design team be brilliant . they take for inspiration the vacation spot of the gild Age millionaire , with a little gatsby and Niagara Falls throw in for fun . timeless americana , uplift view , healthy pursuit . good stuff . nathan be there slave ? nora what ?! this be a design scheme , one , and that 's not even the right period , two . lakeview be open to all race , religion , gender , absolutely anybody . I see you select '' non-denominational charismatic Christian '' as you creed . that mean , for you , the little chapel east of the hotel will be a pentecostal Church . for someone else , the same building could be a mosque or even a bowl alley . nathan I 'il take the bowl alley . nora I can make that change if you give I you amazon id . nathan brunomelrosel18 . 23 . nora ( type ) you first dog and the street you grow up -- you use you porn name for a amazon id ? pretty poor security for a coder . nathan Excuse I ? nora do not work . you charge be go to a ingrid kannerman . nathan oh yeah . nora there be lot of free activity . swim in the lake , hike up to a gazebo , take a class . Nathan 's face suddenly screw up and he choke back tear . nora ( cont 'd ) uh oh . dude , you okay ? nathan ( tearful ) yeah . I do not know . no. nora do not be embarrassed . it must be really hard . to die , I mean . especially when you be young , and handss - um , healthy . and remember , they save you body so who know ? maybe one day they figure out how to put you back in . nora watch with compassion as Nathan suck it back up and compose himself . nathan thanks . what 's you name ? nora well , you be suppose to just refer to I as you '' angel . '' nathan oh . be you dead too , or alive ? or just artificial intelligence ? 24 . nora I be not allow to say . sorry . but anytime you need I I 'il be here for you . just ask and I will be right in you ear . nathan okay ... angel . nora , privately , realize she like have this handsome guy call she '' angel . '' before the pause turn into a moment ... nora ( back on script ) so you be all connect now . do you look real to yourself ? ten finger and toe ? he wiggle they . nathan yeah , pretty seamless . nora explore , enjoy , meet you fellow upload . this be the first day of the rest of you afterlife . nathan get it . ok . sound good . he give a brave thumb up . nora touch she screen and be suddenly look at 48 little window with other client in they . she take off she headset and rub she temple . she find she be still watch Nathan in he small window . she watch as he go to the window , close the shade and curl up in bed . wait , be he cry ? she touch the screen to make it go full screen again , and watch Nathan grieve . nora ( gently ) hey , this be a big day . you die and be reborn , so a lot to process . nathan yeah . nora tomorrow will be better , you will see . get some rest . 25 . nathan ugh , there 's no way I be go to fall asl -- nora drag down a set bar on she screen and Nathan be instantly asleep . she watch he for a beat , then type something on she keyboard , and a blanket cover he . int . nathan 's suite - lakeview - next morning Nathan wake up , sunshine stream in he window . he stretch and look around . not terrible . int . nathan 's bathroom he take a long shower with great water pressure . nathan oh yiss ! oh my god , yes !! int . nathan 's bathroom - later Nathan comb he hair but can not get rid of the cowlick . int . nathan 's suite - kitchenette - continuous he walk into a kitchenette and open the fridge . nathan 's Pov the fridge be only stock with drink . a sign appear in the air : '' swipe leave . '' he swipe and the drink slide away , revealing a fridge interior full of fruit . he swipe a couple more time until he see a bunch of hot coffee . he try to take out a coffee cup of steaming hot coffee . another sign appear in the air : '' in - app purchase . enter you amazon id and you will be charge $ 1.99 . '' nathan angel ? male angel ( 0.s. ) yes , Nathan ? Nathan jump . behind he be a studly man with angel wing . nathan yo , what the - -? where do you --? 26 . male angel ha ha ha . do not freak . int . amazon call CENTER - day - continuous the male angel , a much shlubbier guy in real life , sit at he work station , with a virtual reality box on he face . male angel it 's just vr so I can visit in person . you good ? int . nathan 's suite - continuous nathan what happen to the one from last night ? male angel not she shift yet . want a coffee ? nathan maybe something stronger . genie , a Moscow mule please . male angel ha ha ha . but really , we have they on screen 27 . nathan .-. Nah . it 's okay . male angel no problem . later gater . he disappear . how weird . ext . nathan 's balcony - moment later Nathan go out on the balcony and see a beautiful lake with pine - clad mountain across the water . a couple ( zach and barbara ) sit hold hand in adirondack chair on the balcony next to he . zach hey newbie . nathan hey. 27 . barbara settle in okay ? nathan yeah . be you both ...? barbara Dead ? yup . but thank God we both have time for upload . zach High school sweetheart . first woman I ever kiss . nathan aww , soulmate . that 's awesome . zach that 's what it 's all about . Love beat death , two zip . nathan cute . so , upload , huh ? ( slap he chest , deep breath ) I feel completely real and alive . the programming depth be insane . and I be a coder . barbara oh , what do you program ? nathan ( try to remember ) uh ... different thing . zach good ! gonna go for a hike ? nathan maybe after breakfast . if I do not want to use the minibar , be there a breakfast that 's include , or ...? barbara yes , in the dining hall , for another 20 minute . it 's amazing . they have get maple bacon donut . nathan D ’oh ! right ? ( off they stare ) simpson ? ( mutter to himself ) ( more ) nathan ( cont 'd ) it 's only be on the air for 57 year . int . lakeview - hall . 28 . Nathan go out he front door ( suite 10556 ) and be in a long hall . he walk past other door look for the elevator . int . lakeview —- elevator he get on a elevator with a woman who look 18 , but wear clothes from the 1960s , and be only in black - and -white . stare at she ... 1960S woman can I help you ? nathan sorry . this be my first day . 1960S woman oh ! you be wonder about my avatar . I turn a hundred next month , but I use a photo of I from 1961 , although it might be my sister . nathan be you last name kannerman by any chance ? 1960S woman yes it be . mild kannerman . nathan I be go to you birthday party . I be ingrid 's boyfriend . mildre oh , honey , I have not hear . I be so sorry . oh , poor ingrid . this be really too bad . the elevator stop at she floor . mildre ( cont 'd ) that 's I . 10,300 . ( she stare at he ) this be really too bad . she get off , leave he a bit throw . he 29 . int . lakeview - first floor Nathan walk past a concierge desk with a line of people . a guy with a cheerful grin ( dan ) be offer they gum . dan the orbit gum guy gum ? orbit gum ? piece of gum ? piece of orbit spearmint gum ? sugar free ? piece of orbit 's new wintergreen wonderland flavor - fix gum with healthy sorbitol ? people scowl and push he out of the way . a guy take a piece and '' 0.75 '' float over he head and evaporate . Nathan follow a sign for '' dining Hall . '' he open he finger and he screen appear . nathan ingrid . facetime request connect . ( Nathan talk as he walk through the public area of lakeview . ) ingrid look flushed and dress up , a lot of people behind she . ingrid yes !! hi there ! how 's it go ? nathan ( throw ) uh , it 's okay . where would I get you ? ingrid at a friend 's . so ? be it amazing ? do you feel like yourself ? be it scary ? do you love it ? nathan yeah , it 's really cool . I mean , I would rather be alive , obviously . I meet you grandma . ingrid I know ! she texted I . she say you be cute but a little lose . nathan both true . ( beat ) I miss you . 30 . ingrid yeah . I miss you too . everybody 's be all , I be so sorry you boyfriend die . I miss you body . nathan aww . I miss my hair . there 's something off about my hair now . ingrid yeah , look different . Hair be probably hard to program . nathan tell I about it . they look at each other awkwardly . nathan ( cont 'd ) be this weird ? ingrid we will get use to it . nathan pretend I be on a business trip . ingrid for the next 50 year until I can join you . 60 if I eat right . nathan then do not . ingrid I have ice cream for breakfast . nathan that 's so hot . hey , so can I get you amazon password ? I can not charge anything to my account here . ingrid yeah , we use my account in the er . nathan I guess I need you password then . ingrid well , I set something up where I get a text alert when you want to charge something . I like know what you be up to . ( more ) 31 . ingrid ( cont 'd ) make I feel closer to you . hey ! show I the lake ! Nathan point he screen towards the window across the porch . ingrid ( cont 'd ) Fucking gorgeous , babe ! woman ( 0.s. ing ! ohmygod , I be so sorry ! ingrid ( turn to someone offscreen ) theng you ! ohmigod , I probably look like a fuck wreck right now , it 's be so difficult -- woman ( 0.s. no you look strong like a goddess , like a hot survivor . ingrid theng you ! ( whisper to Nathan ) baby , I run into my pube stylist , I gotta drine . nathan but you do not have any pube . ingrid I know , she 's amazing . I / x11 call you later . if you need anything I be here for you . utterly . Love you . nathan Love you too . close up of framed photo nora in a graduation gown between she smile parent . int . dave antony 's house - CITY island - evening - continuous nora look at the photo wistfully . in the background , she dad , dave , be in he kitchen . 32 . dave antony hope you be hungry ! I print a steak design Jamie Oliver tweet this morning . a 3d printer finish two plate of dinner , layer by layer . dave antony ( cont ’d ) Oliver 's only on Google / samsung so I know you do not have this for lunch . he bring the food to a table set for two . nora speak of work , dad ... dave antony ( cautious ) o-kay . nora we have have a ton of upgrade lately . with my employee discount , it have be smart to lock in such a good deal -- Dave stifles a cough fit . nora look on , concerned . nora ( cont 'd ) dad ... after he cough subside -- dave antony sorry , honey . no go . nora I could be you angel , we could hang out -- dave antony I can not . Mom be wait for I . nora c'mon ! you do not believe that old stuff ! dave antony it do not make any sense , but it 's how I feel . how could Heaven not have you mother in it ? he look at she with a sad smile . nora sigh and go back to she dinner . 33 . dave antony ( cont ’d ) how 's the steak ? nora I think you fat cartridge might be low . dave antony yeah , it 's terrible . int . lakeview dine hall - later the grand dining hall with a view of the lake and mountain be full of upload . a sign say '' Breakfast serve 6 - 10 be . '' Nathan start load a plate with treat from the buffet . nathan oh my god . this be amazing ! Bacon and canadian bacon . chocolate chip pancake . noice ! culture voice ( v.o. ) ten o'clock . Breakfast be over . all the food in the dining hall and on he plate disappear . nathan what ?! aww ! a dishevel angry guy ( luke ) rush in and take in the emptiness . luke fuck ! fuckity fuck fuck fuck . he head over to one of that industrial milk dispenser with rubber tube come out the bottom , and open and slam the door five time fast . a dinner roll appear in a empty bread basket . he scarf the roll then do it again . Nathan walk over . nathan can I try ? luke nod and Nathan slam the door to get a free roll . nathan ( cont 'd ) useful glitch . I do not know why I be feel hungry at all , I mean , there 's no need to eat , right ? 34 . luke the first upload do not shit or eat , do not even have eyelid . they all go psychotic in a week . luke rapidly slam the milk door . luke ( cont 'd ) you gotta believe it 's real . when the weirdness get in you head , guy be draw to the torrent . he point out the window to the far end of the lake at a waterfall . Close up : the data torrent . a rush column of plasma with steam boil off it . oddly beautiful and powerful , like Niagara Falls . luke ( cont 'd ) that 's the data stream between here and the real world . poor bastard jump in to try to get back . nathan can they ? luke Nah , they get blow to bit . my angel have I work on deep breathe and meditation to keep I '' here and now , '' stay connect . of course , stuff like hot roll magically appear when you slam a milk door do not help . nathan tasty , though . they each munch a roll and grin . nathan ( cont 'd ) hey I be Nathan . this be my first day . luke luke . how would you buy it ? nathan my self - drive car crash . luke ha ! they be suppose to be foolproof . 35 . nathan guess it be not . how about you ? luke lose my leg in Iran and spend five year in a wheelchair . then one day I wheeled my ass under a scanner . nathan ( sober ) oh. suiscan . luke yeah . but look what I be work with now ! he do a crazy little jig , gesture to he leg . nathan right on ! int . mens room - later Nathan stand in front of a urinal , a stream of pee go in . something look '' off '' to he . experimentally , he twist he pelvis . the pee stream bend in mid air and still end up perfectly in the urinal . nathan ha ha . awesome . quick montage of Nathan pee sideways , pee behind himself , pee out the window . in all case , the stream curve and shoot directly into the urinal . int . nora 's apartment - queen , NY - bathroom nora 's in the shower , under a horrible low - flo dribble . mandi , nora 's roommate , hold up a fitband that 's on a pile of nora 's clothes . mandi can I check nitely on you phone ? nora be my guest . I be so do with that app . well , almost do . mandi snap the fitband on she wrist and open she thumb and finger , make the screen appear . she swipe through nitely , look at profile . 36 . mandi it 's prove to know you better than you know yourself , they invest a billion dollar in the algorithm . ( see a cool profile ) ooh , they be match you with some real hotty . I get nothing but bus boy and meth addict . nora I think you say the algorithm be good . mandi yeah , I deserve a meth addict . nora oh mandi . mandi ah , he be fun , he be up for anything . and the lack of tooth prove to be pretty bomb actually . he gumme I until I scream . ext . lakeview - day Nathan go for a hike around the lake . it be really beautiful . he smile at other scan as he walk . nathan Morning ! good day ! ext . lake - a little later he come upon a resort map on a signpost . next to it , louie cruz , fat , 40s , be talk into a Ansel Adams - style box camera on a tripod . louie cruz hey guy , its Lou crayz , whassup ? come at you live from lakeview . so ... I really like this view of the lake , it 's one of my fave . they have spend beaucoup buck on get the view absolutely right . it 's lakey as hell . the waterfeel be more meh . kind of grainy , and the sun on the ripple be a repeat gif but it repeat too fast to be really mwah ! that 's all for now . like , comment , subscribe ! 37 . louie start pack up he camera . nathan hey I have see the ad for a lakeview v-cation , where be everybody ? I think this be a super popular place for weekend gigaway . louie cruz they be all here . you only see 5 floor at a time . like what be you suite number ? nathan 10556 . louie cruz ok , you be on the ten thousand five hundredth floor . live people on v-cation be floor 1 to 5,000 . you do not want to go down there , it smell like a senor frog 's . everything over 5,000 be Heaven , permanent resident . he pinch the resort map and expands the picture of the hotel . it stretch 10,000 floor into the sky . louie cruz ( cont ’d ) we all use the same map . there 's million of people swim in the pool right now . you can tell cause the frame rate drop . he point to a guy diving off the diving board . the guy enter the water in jerky increment . nathan whoa . int . nora 's tiny apartment - night close on a Kindle - like device with a '' queen Public Library '' bar code . reveal it 's connect to a vr headset that nora wear , sit up in bed . in nora 's virtual reality - hawaii , 2004 - continuous a scene from the Adam sandler / Drew barrymore romantic comedy 50 first date , only Drew barrymore have be remove and nora be in the film , walk to she car with young Adam sandler after eat breakfast . they be both be very flirty . 38 . adam sandler and the real cool thing about walruse be they be very mysterious . nora mysterious ? adam sandler yeah , yeah , we really do not know what they be like in the wild . nora they do not just sleep on iceberg and yawn all the time ? adam sandler yeah that 's all we really see that they do outside of the water . there have not be much research on what they do under the ice , which be where they spend two third of they life . nora well maybe they be just down there intimidating the other sea creature with they big winkie . adam sandler that be one theory . they both laugh . int . nora 's tiny apartment —- continuous nora sit alone in she bed lose in vr . reveal on the other side of the room : mandi be have loud sex with some scrawny dude with bad tooth . ext . lakeview - hedge - later Nathan walk up to a magnificent tree next to a hedge . he pull off a few leave and look at they . they be all copy of the same leaf . nathan ( disappointed ) hmm . cut and paste . suddenly a tennis ball fly over the top . 39 . dylan ( v.0 . ) Ball ! Nathan pick it up and look over the hedge . nathan 's Pov a 11 - year-old boy , dylan mcnab , sit in the middle of a grey void . the hedge be the border of what be program , and past it be ... nothing . nathan agh ! get down from there ! dylan calm down . it 's okay . Nathan gingerly climb over and slide to Dylan like a guy walk on thin ice . Dylan take the ball and begin bounce it against the back of the hedge and catch it . Nathan look down into the void , then back at lakeview . nathan this be fuck weird . dylan it 's nice . like be nowhere . sometimes I can not take it anymore , you know ? nathan be you parent here too ? dylan no , I fall off a cliff at the Grand Canyon . my mom say I be a handful . ( squint at Nathan 's hair ) be you wear a wig ? nathan ( self -consciously run finger through hair ) no. God , no . this be not my normal hair . they like program it really wavy or something . it 's drive I nut . dylan yeah , well -- 40 . nathan at home I use a Natural sculpt creme and a anti-frizz pomade , but here ... ( shrug ) you be at they mercy , I guess . dylan well , that 's -- nathan pff. wig ! kid , you be hilarious ! int . amazon lakeview office - brooklyn - evening nora get out of the elevator with she messenger bag . the schlubby male angel , ivan , be get on to leave . ivan hey . nora nod hello . Ivan wedge he foot in the elevator door . ivan ( cont ’d ) hey , I get a friend who 's have a party in a sick loft Friday night . he 's get about a thousand fentanyl . I have see ‘em . nora yeah , no that 's not for I . ivan you should go out sometime . get fuck up , have some fun . nora I go out plenty . just not gonna be trip with you in some loft . I be not there yet . ivan too good for that huh ? do not wait too long . this offer be not open forever . he let the door close . 41 . int . nathan 's bedroom - lakeview later Nathan pick up a remote and browse a screen that say '' entertainment . '' he select '' classic tv '' then '' game of Throne '' and a sign appear : in - app purchase , $ 4.99 . he try '' fargo '' : in - app purchase , $ 4.99 . he select '' 2 break Girls : free . '' he turn it off . he open he hand to call ingrid but it go straight to voicemail . ingrid ( v.0 . ) hey it 's ingrid , I be either out or busy right now , but I 'il -- Nathan break it off . he start pace . nathan I be so lucky . people save they whole life for this . ext . nathan 's balcony - moment later he stand on the balcony take in the beautiful view and breathe heavily . nathan nngg , nggg , calm down , buddy . a banner ad appear on a cloud : '' you recently searched ' fargo : season one . 's purchase in hd for $ 49.99 ? '' nathan ( cont 'd ) nngg , nngg . int . nathan 's bathroom - lakeview - moment later he stare at himself in the mirror . he try to fix the cowlick , but it bounce back . nathan it 's all good . gonna live forever . he smile into the mirror . after a beat , he try to rip the cowlick out of he head with both hand . int . amazon office build - bathroom - brooklyn nora be in a stall , sit on the toilet and look at meme on she hand -screen . 42 . female CO - worker ( 0.s. ) nora , be you in here ? nora say nothing . female CO - worker ( cont 'd ) um , you new boy be freaking out . the hot dude . he 's hike up near the torrent . nora shit . thanks ! int . amazon office build - brooklyn nora run to she desk and grab she vr mask . she glance at she screen . nora shit shit . ext . lakeview - data torrent path Nathan walk towards the waterfall , pass sign '' data torrent ahead . do not approach . '' and '' avatar , ais , upload go no further . the data torrent will deliminate you into undifferentiated data bit . '' nora appear behind he . nora hey , Nathan , wait up ! he recognize she voice . nathan oh , it 's you shift now ? you know you work for a really fuck up thing . this be a bad idea . the ad make it look great , but it 's fuck ... monstrous . nora so maybe not the best first day . nathan Day ? there 's no day , there 's no night , there 's no dirt , there 's no rain , there be no bad smell . I farted , which be already like , why ? just a weird detail , and it be like someone spritze the room with cologne . 43 . nora it 's suppose to be Heaven . nathan how be that Heaven ? nora well , maybe not for you , but if you be stick in a elevator with another guest ... nathan uh huh . I just want to look over the edge there . maybe I can see home . nora you realize if you jump into that thing , you do not go anywhere , you just disappear . and there 's nothing leave to rescan . nathan maybe that 's just my tough luck , but it 's how it 's suppose to go down . nora oo -oh . so you agree with Neil beagley . nathan who 's that ? nora he be a 16 year old boy who die of a uti ' cause he refuse medical treatment for religious reason . or the parent of wesley parker who let he die age 11 while they sing hymn instead of give he insulin . you agree with they ? nathan no , that 's fuck up . nora exactly . nathan but I do die . 44 , nora what be the first thing I ask you to think of ? nathan my a-b - c 's ? nora no , you self . I think therefore I be . that be still you , it have always be you , it will always be you as long as it can still be aware of itself . that 's consciousness and that 's what we be in the business of keep go . why do you think it 's sometimes weird and unnatural here ? because you consciousness be think and compare with you memory -- that 's you , baby . do what you you always do . think and be alive . and I be sure there be plenty of people , include I for one , that be glad you be still here . nathan you do not even know I . nora not yet . but I have like to . and I get this be not perfect , and maybe you be lead to believe it would be since the marketing mention Heaven like a dozen time , but it 's kind of better be not it ? maybe the imperfection make it more like life , ' cause life be not perfect , but life be the most magical gift there be . if there 's God , he 's amazing because he give we life , and the gratitude and creativity to keep it go as long as we possibly can . nathan ( beat ) you be good . nora yeah . 45 . nathan ( examine she ) you be a live person . ai do not talk like that , with passion and ... pain . soul . something 's go on with you , in you life . this be not just about one of you client . this be about you , save people . nora maybe . nathan be this what you look like for real ? you be not a old woman or a dude or something ? nora this be I . ( suddenly self conscious ) I mean , my avatar have make - up on and my hair be nice , and I be not in sweatpant , so it 's a little better than normal , but nothing else be tweak . nathan good for you then . ( matter of fact ) you be really pretty . nora take this in . nathan ( cont 'd ) but I be not allow to know you name . nora no . I could get in trouble . it 's a policy . nathan ( disappointed ) okay . nora make a decision . nora my name be nora . I live in ozone Park , queen . my apartment 's about as big as you bathroom , but I be at work now which be in dumbo , Brooklyn . ( more ) 46 . nora ( cont 'd ) it 's a really humid day and the bitch a couple desk down be take forever to eat a tuna sandwich that I be consider chuck out the window . nora Antony . nathan Nice to meet you . nora likewise . can we go home now ? nathan okay . they start to walk down the path back to the hotel . we see they from behind . after a beat ... nora what 's you favorite smell ? nathan I do not know . Fresh baked bread , right out of the oven ? they walk for another couple step , then nora shake she leg out and fart at he . nathan ( cont 'd ) eww , you weirdo . nora smell it . he take a deep breath , close he eye and smile . nathan mmmmmm . you genius . end of episode