fade in : int . boiler room deep , grim music in ultra - stereo , supersaturated color , camera move slick and ominous , as we begin a series of close shot of grimy hand . build -- a steel hand , shine dully in the dark shadow of a filthy boiler room - be assemble slowly over -- metal finger -- composite sinew -- the spark of hammer on metal -- then -- the thing suddenly flexe as if alive -- close on remote control device -- clean hand manipulate lever -- the steel hand -- form into a heavy fist -- thump on table - - then the grimy hand of the creator thrust in again -- begin affixing long , shine blade to the end of the steel finger -- closer on blade -- gleam , dangerously long . cutaway to furnace -- belching FIRE and smoke . steam pipe -- hiss and drip into endless depth of this hellish place . the hand -- fitte with the final claw -- now a super -modern , almost futuristic version of freddy 's glove -- flex and tremble . the maker' right hand -- caress it -- then retract and lay itself on the filthy work bench -- the maker' left hand enter frame with a huge cleaver and raise it over the wrist of the right hand -- then strike down hard ! CUT to a camera and dolly -- behind , in the shadow -- a shadowy crew gasp -- we hear a muffle eeuwww -- the stump of the maker' right arm -- now spurting blood -- raise -- voice ( o.s. ) more blood , more blood ! nearby , chuck and terry , two young spfx assistant , pump fake blood through tub , use large plastic syringe . it 's a messy job , they be cover with fake blood themselves , as they boss , chase porter , good -look , early 30' , tweak the lever of a remote control device . behind they , at the edge of the set , chase 's wife , heather langenkamp , 30 , dress in woman 's pajamas , and he son dylan , 5 , watch from they chair . Heather , appal by the scene 's violence , put she hand over Dylan 's startle eye . the stump of the maker' arm thrust now into the cuff of the steel hand , synthetic tendon snake out of the steel hand and bury themselves in the maker 's wrist , and the unseen actor flexe the razor - sharp steel blade , wheel and slashes into camera as we hear voice ( cont would ) ( o.s. ) CUT ! fantastic ! buzzer . the furnace stop belching FIRE . smoke , steam and water stop dead . instead there 's chatter , light and movement as the crew bustles in to reset for the next take . the director , wes craven , rush over to chase ad thump he on the back . craven chase , you be a genius ! this make he old claw look like mother theresa 's ! chase wave a ' they too ' hand towards he assistant . craven ( cont would ) you , too , Terry , Chuck . great blood ! chuck thank you . terry it 's some of we best work . laughter . craven crack a bottle of lipovitan . Chuck walk by with drip steel hand as chase rumple Dylan 's hair . chase want to see some neat stuff ? Dylan look up wide - eye . heather chase , no . chase laugh . chase come on , it 's only make believe ! and lift Dylan , lead Heather away . steadicam with they as they move off - set through crew and equipment into a work area behind the boiler room flat . he set Dylan on a workbench . the kid 's surround by snarling monster head , lon withered arm , eviscerate torso , propped in corner and peer off temporary shelf . the handiwork of chase 's spfx makeup wizardry . chase ( cont would ) you hungry , Dylan ? he give Dylan a large chinese food takeout container . Dylan open it and a reptilian head jump out . Dylan give a start as chase laugh . chase ( cont would ) gotcha ! heather chase ! chase take it back from Dylan . show it 's only a hand puppet . meanwhile Chuck 's bring the claw back from the set and place it on a work armature . chuck it should have flex more . I think the servos get short out with blood . chase insulate them with some styro . it be not design to be submerge , for petesake . Heather look at it eerily . heather I do not like that thing . he turn , a funny gleam in he eye . chase this thing put bread on we table . dylan be it alive , daddy ? a.d. ( o.s. ) Heather , you be in the next shot ! Heather turn , a little confuse . chase ( put Dylan on again ) might as well be , Dylan . State of the art animatronics enhance with bio - organic graft . bull tendon , nerve bundle from a doberman , even half the brain of a homicidal primate be ... heather chase ... heather be look at the hand again , but now she expression be grow more alarmed . chase look over , react to the hand flex . tremble . chase hey ... chase reach out to steady the hand , but with incredible speed it contort . the claw flick and chase reel back with a cry , stare at he own bloody finger . chase ( cont would ) shit ! chase grab the remote and switch it off . the claw fall still . the other assistant , chuck , peer down at it in curiosity . chuck must have pick up something from a ad 's walkie-talkie ... he flop it over with a screwdriver and poke at it . the hand let out a little SOUND , half machine , half animal . Terry put he hand near it , palm down , then look at chase . terry you sure it 's turn off ? chase it 's off . terry funny . it 's warm . like a real hand . Chuck lean down and peer more closely at it . go to poke it again . but before he finger touch it the claw steel hand leap up and glue itself to he neck . its gleam talon sink into he throat ! Chuck jerk back . claw the thing away . clutch he throat as blood spurt from between he finger . the hand smack back on the table and scramble out of sight with a clatter of steel . into the warren of tool and equipment . fast as some spiny creature from a thousand fathom ! Heather scream . Dylan draw back , pale and frighten as chase grab the remote controller and smashes it . pull out the battery and fling they away . every furnace in the place suddenly roar back to life ! craven ( o.s. ) what the hell 's go on ?! kill the effect ! FIRE , smoke and steam howling as Chuck crash blindly into chase and both go down . Terry claw cursing through the jumble atop the toolbench , try to find where the damn thing go . angle on the floor - the claw skitter down on one leg of the bench fast as a wharf rat and attack Terry 's foot , slice through he Achilles tendon ! terry shriek and fall hard , and the instant he slam into the floor , the claw drive straight into he heart ! Terry scream as the claw wheel and scramble straight for the sprawl of chase and Chuck 's convulse body ! cu chase reacting in horror . chase's Pov to chuck body as the claw appear over the rim of Chuck 's shoulder , inch from chase 's face , spread its talon wide ! chase Heather ! int . bedroom - day Heather convulse in bed . terror elevate by ... chase Heather !! earthquake !! chase 's already half out of bed , claw at she . chase ( cont would ) get in the doorway dylan ( o.s. ) mommmmeee ! that voice jolt she fully awake . heather Dylan ! a frame picture fall with a deafen crash , its glass shatter , narrowly miss chase . Heather sprawl out of the room . int . stairwell - continuous hand -held and rough , camera grab the action as best it can . Heather half run , half brace against buck wall while picture and china shatter . chase staggering behind she into int . dylan be room - day the child sit upright among he twisted bedclothes stare at the toy swinging wildly from he ceiling . then it 's over . camera stabilize , but remain handheld . there have not be nor will there be any music cue . the house have fall still . the swim pool , see outside the window , slap against its wall . there 's a weird electronic ululation outside , up and down the street , like spaceship landing . Heather look at chase . chase car alarm . you okay ? she nod , scramble up and lift Dylan , who 's begin to cry . hug he . he 's full of jag energy , soak with sweat . chase ( cont would ) you okay , chief ? dylan no . heather ( feel he forehead ) you have a fever , sweetie ? Dylan shake he head . Heather kiss he . chase just a earthquake , Dylan . every once in a while we get a few . heather no biggie , really . chase rumple the kid 's hair . then Dylan say solemnly . dylan daddy , blood . Heather follow Dylan 's eye to chase , to he bloody hand . chase notice with a start , grab one of Dylan 's t-shirt and wrapping it , say a bit too quickly . chase nothing , guy , just a scratch . but it 's already be drip through the cotton . heather where would you ... get that ? chase shrug . chase the picture , I guess . when it fall . it 's nothing , really . he give she a look , like ' cool it in front of the kid , at least ' , and turn . chase ( cont would ) I will put a bandage on it . do not worry about it . and he go out . Heather look at Dylan and he look at she . it 's hard to say which be more frighten . int . kitchen / den - day Heather , keep to herself , try to make order from the mess in the cabinet . chase , hand bandage , broom break crockery until the kettle whistle , then abandon the cleanup to make instant coffee . heather one of mom 's cup get break . chase I be sorry . at least we be in on piece . she say nothing . in the live room , the tv newscaster drone on about the morning 's 5.5 quake , ( '... latest of what seismologist be call a swarm ' ) . heather do we have to watch that ? chase , wash down a fast piece of toast , yawn and blink . chase I think you turn it on . he zap it off . Heather eye he , then turn on Dylan who 's make a face in he oatmeal . scary eye . gape of mouth . heather Dylan , it 's breakfast . not art and craft ( feel chase watch ) what ? chase you get any sleep last night ? heather more or less . ( swipe hair from eye ) Dylan , time to get dress . I be late . dylan you go away ? heather just for a few hour . Julie will be with you . he sigh , then go into he room . int . chase and heather' bedroom - later - day the two dress , Heather rather smartly . chase , in jeans and sweatshirt , be pack a small overnighter . chase again note Heather 's withdrawal . chase anything other than the obvious bother you ? heather five earthquake in three week be enough . chase have not be another call , have there ? she shake she head . chase look relieved . chase ( cont would ) two full week without he . maybe he get run over by a truck . Heather do not seem to take any comfort in this . heather he feel closer , if anything . ( low ) it 's give I nightmare . he look at she more closely . chase you have one last night ? she finally nod yes . he soften he voice . chase ( cont would ) it 's just a reaction to the earthquake , Heather . heather maybe . ( beat ) or maybe I should not do this interview today . chase you have get to get back on the horse some time . ( off she look ) look , you have have a nutcase make harass phone call . I know how scary that feel . heather no , you do not . chase ( kind ) okay , but it still do not mean it can not be over with . she turn away . heather what if it be not over ? chase ( beat ) maybe you should tell I you dream . she give 's shrug , like it 's silly to even talk about it . heather it be nothing . we be both work on some movie , and a special effect thing go horribly wrong . Terry and Chuck be ... hurt . you be almost ... ( at he bandage hand ) you be even cut . chase ( uneasy ) you probably be half awake and see I get nick by that picture glass . dream work like that . ( beat ) you want I not to go on this job ? heather just be careful , okay ? chase I should survive two day in palmdale supplying soap bubbles for a detergent commercial , do not you think ? heather ( reluctant smile ) guess so . chase 48 hour . back before you know it . he kiss she and she kiss back , hold on a moment . then he grab he suitcase and exit . Heather close she eye . hear he say goodbye to Dylan downstairs , hear the front door close . then a brittle breaking SOUND . Heather look up and see four thin crack snake down she bedroom wall . a moment later the tv can be hear again . int . den - day Heather race down to find chase , but be stop when she see Dylan directly in front of the tv screen , impassively watch she . as Nancy in nightmare I , look in horror to insert tv ( from nightmare I ) Tina in the bloody bodybag stand in the doorway to Nancy 's schoolroom . tina ( tv ) naaancyyyy .... cu nancy reacting in terror . heather ( o.s. ) Dylan , I do not want you watch that . back to heather as she snap off the tv . then in fury pull out the plug as well . the instant she do , the silent child let out a ear - pierce howl . heather ( cont would ) Dylan , stop it ! what in the world 's get in to you ? the phone ring . Dylan instantly fall silent . Heather look at he . he 's eerily still now , just watch she . the phone ring a second time and she snatch it up , still distract by she son 's eye . heather ( cont would ) hello ? through a deep roaring of boiler we hear a strange garble voice sing voice ( filter ) one two ... she react , then slam it down . stare at it . that sound - and the voice - deep , murderous , mock . a flawless imitation of ... freddy . scare now , she run to the front door just in time to see ext . heather' Pov the STREET chase's pickup truck give a honk as it drive off . int . kitchen / front door heather chase ! but he have not hear she , and soon be out of sight . Heather close the door , turn and see Dylan , still stare at she . dylan someone 's come . heather what ? a instant later , something give the whole house a subtle shake , rattling everything in it . Heather grab Dylan , but there 's nothing more . then the doorbell ring . Heather freeze , paralyze by unspeakable fear . then voice ( o.s. ) ( through door ) Heather ? Heather open the door to julie , a direct , open - face young woman . she blink at Heather 's pale face . julie everything okay ? Heather nod sheepishly . heather yeah , Julie , I be sorry . I just think ... there be a earthquake , I think . Little one , but ... julie Big truck go right by before you open the door . ( grin ) life on the fault line . she look past heater . give Dylan a smile . julie ( cont would ) hey , tiger ! she lift he with a laugh . Heather watch the two , fight a wave of vertigo . heather you think he have a fever ? he feel warm to I this morning . Julie feel he forehead . julie seem okay . ( eye Heather ) that all that 's wrong ? you seem ... the telephone ring again . Heather snatch it up . heather leave we alone , you creep ! voice ( filter ) ( beat ) LA limousine , mar 'am . just want you to know I be out front . Julie look at she with surprise . Heather walk to the front door and check . ext . heather' Pov the STREET a black limo idle in the driveway . int . kitchen / front door heather uh , sorry . hang on a minute . heather close the door , return to the kitchen and hang up the phone . julie Heather , what be it ? heather ( low ) dunno . just have this feel today ... she bite she lip , then Dylan speak , soberly , quietly . dylan mommy stay home , then . he turn and walk into he room . Julie look at Heather . julie he will be fine , do not worry . she go in the bedroom after Dylan . heater take a long breath ... then grab the phone and dial . man' voice ( filter ) Studio B. heather hi. this be Heather langenkamp . man' voice ( filter ) the car 's no there yet ? heather no. I ... listen , I can not make it in today . man' voice ( filter ) ( beat ) you be kid , right ? Heather shake she head . heather I be sorry , I can not . man' voice ( filter ) listen , dammit . heather I just can not . she hang up . start for Dylan 's room , then the phone ring . Heather come back and pick it up , fully expect it to be the studio and dread it . heather ( cont would ) yes ? she react , realize too late she 's listen to the hiss of steam . voice ( filter ) one two ... she slam the phone down . stare at the thing like it be a snake . it ring again . she hesitates . pick it up finally . hold it at a distance for a moment . then put it to she ear . heather hello ? voice ( filter ) freddy 's come for yooooouuuu . she recoil and slam it down ! turn and kick a chair . crash ! sense someone behind she and whirl to see Julie stand in Dylan 's doorway . julie what be it , Heather ? Heather blink . heather damn caller . Julie cross to she , lowering she voice so Dylan can not hear . julie he 's start again ? Heather just nod . julie ( cont would ) sick bastard ( put she hand over she mouth ) sorry. ( brighter ) Dylan . he do not have a fever like you think . probably just you nerve . Heather give she a funny look . heather nerves ? Julie blushes . julie I just mean form the shaker this morning . I mean , everyone 's freak out at how many we have be have . then the call . Heather start to say something , then the phone ring again . she snatch it up and shout . heather stop call I , you sonuvabitch ! voice # 2 ( filter ) ( beat ) you talk to you agent this way ? ( Heather blanch ) and you try to cancel a appearance on am / LA at the last damn minute . what the hell 's with you ? Heather sag in dismay . heather I be sorry , Jerry . I just ... can not leave the house right now . jerry ( filter ) what , you wanna single - handedly bury you career ?! lose you house , put you husband and kid out on the street ? or just give you old agent a heart attack ? Heather slump . heather okay , fine , I will be there . it 's just , the call start again . Jerry switch to he commiserative voice . jerry ( filter ) unfortunately , this kinda crap be part of the business this day , Heather . have you think of buy a good handgun ? heather I have get a five - year old in the house , Jerry ! jerry ( filter ) he 's a L.A. kid , probably already have one . ( laugh ) call I after the interview , okay ? and he hang up . Heather look , see Dylan stare at she from he doorway . heather Dylan , I gotta go . forgive I ? dylan bye . she cross and give he a big hug . we see he face over she shoulder . lose . ext . the house - day Heather and Julie exit a attractive house in a affluent neighborhood . julie I will call the cop for you . you have get the number on the fridge , right ? heather thanks . just give they the time he call . they be keep a list , supposedly . ( give a hug ) sorry . my nerve be so raw this day . julie ' S okay . Julie give a wave as Heather head down the walk . closer on heather now eyeing the dark car in the drive , slow as she see . the driver , wait , hold the back door . a big man , face away , head distinctively bald . it could almost be ... freddy . he turn . it 's just a driver , pale - face and antsy . Heather get in . int . limo / ext . tv studio - moving - day heater stare out the window , lose in think . the driver study she intently in he mirror . driver you play that girl ... in that movie ... with the guy with the ( claw he hand ; Heather give a uneasy smile ) yeah , sure , that 's you . ( smile darkly ) that 's what I love about this job , I get to meet the star . heather I be hardly a star . driver you kid ? I love you stuff . first be the best . where you girl friend 's cut open and drag across the ceiling ? awesome ! ( miss Heather 's flinch ) and when all that blood come out of you boyfriend 's bed ? think I would shi ... Heather find the switch for the window between they . he give a nasty look as the gap close . driver ( cont would ) but they should never have kill off freddy ! Heather sink back into the leather . a moment later the limo lurch to a stop and she door be jerk open . a young man lean in and grab she arm . p.a. Heather ? we be gonna have to run ! ext . tv station parking lot - day and he nearly yank she out of the car . int . tv studio light blinding into lens . camera tip down to reveal heather and a smile talkshow host . host so , Heather , we be come up on the 10th anniversary of the first nightmare on elm Street . it 's five sequel later . tell we how this amazing series have affect you life personally . Heather strain for a smile . shrug . heather I do not know if it have , really . with the exception of one and Three , I have pretty much keep out of it . I be work in television now . the hour let I spend more time with my husband and little boy . host now that you have a child , be it possible you have decide horror be bad for child ? heather no , not really . I ... host do you let you child watch you movie ? heather my child ? no ...but ... the host cock he head . host what about another sequel ? be freddy really dead ? Heather twitches , respond a little too quickly . heather of course he be . ( then , softer ) freddy 's dead and go . host ( set it up ) and how about you co-star in nightmare I . would you trust he alone with you child ? heather ( a little lose now ) Robert ? I ... host ( big smile ) maybe we should ask he , hmmm ? we have get a surprised , Heather . a great big surprise for you and we audience . a discernible rustle go through the place . Heather smile gamely . not know what the hell they be pull . the host stand and yell . host ( cont would ) lady and gentleman , put you hand together for the best of the bad . ro - bert ennn-gluuuuund !!!! and ROBERT englund stroll out with a good - nature wave in full freddy make -up ! his fan erupt with thunderous applause and cheer . after deafen whistle the boy ( many dress in freddy custom , complete with plastic claw ) settle into a chant of fred -dy ! fred -dy ! fred - dy ! englund stalk into the spotlight , hook he claw through the air and growl . ROBERT englund you be all my child now ! the place go wild . hold on heather look at that red and green back cavort against the blind light . the steel claw wave and poke as englund milk it for all it 's worth , remind of a nightmare she would much rather forget . int . GREEN room / ext . walkway outside - day Heather gather she thing . in a adjoin room , Robert stand in the doorway to the outside , casually elegant now in civilian , signing autograph for a throng of kid . he glance at she out of the corner of he eye , sense she mood . ROBERT englund you okay ? heather I be fine . ROBERT englund everything go great , I think . we really get you , do not we ? heather I do not know why you do not tell I , that 's all . he wave off the last of the kid and close he outside door , crossing into she room and exite with she . camera follows as they walk , kide blockade bg by studio security head away . ROBERT englund hey , they love the expression on you face . I think they would love to see we together again ! Heather glance back at the kid yell after he . heather in what , a romantic comedy ? ROBERT englund ( devilish ) just because it 's a love story do not mean it can not have a decapitation or two . the p.a. reappear with a cellular phone . man Heather ? call for you ! Heather look at the phone . put it to she ear . heather yes ? SARA ( o.s. ) Heather , this be Sara risher over at New line . how be you ? heather oh , hi . I be fine , Sara . my God , a voice from the past ! SARA ( filter ) really ! listen , Heather , I will not take but a minute of you time . it 's just that we have something to propose to you , and wonder if you would stop by the office . Bob would love to talk to you . heather uh...sure ... when ? SARA ( filter ) no time like the present . the car will bring you . heather now ? SARA ( filter ) just take a minute . you will be glad you do , I bet . ext . INTERNATIONAL office of new line cinema - day Heather exit the limo and start in to a modern office build with a sign read new line cinema . int . outer office - new line cinema - day a sprawling space with a maze of buff - color file case define dozen of work space populate by smart - look twenty - something people . Heather stop at the machine - steel front desk . a receptionist with dark purple lipstick and Doc martin peer up . receptionist help you ? heather I be here to see Bob shaye . the receptionist check she out causally . receptionist be Bob expect you ? voice ( o.s. ) Heather ! Heather turn as SARA risher cross to give she a maternal hug . SARA Bob 's die to see you . wider . moving with they as Sara lead Heather farther back into the place grab a young man by the elbow . SARA ( cont would ) Heather this be Mike De Luca . Mike , Heather langenkamp , we little Nancy 's come back home ! mike do luca hey , I be a fan ! great meeting you . he duck into someone else 's office , give a hi-five and close the door . Sara smile at Heather . SARA can I get you something to drink ? heather coffee would be nice . SARA ( to the nearest ) sound good . Kim , would you get Heather and I a coffee ? how you like it , hon ? heather Black 's fine . SARA I too . they have reach a huge stainless steel door . Sara rap twice and push it open , gesture Heather inside . int . bob shaye's office - day Heather find herself in a bright post- industrial workspace . there 's a unadorn desk and behind , a Warhol of freddy time four . double door be throw open to the terrace , and out there , cordless telephone press to he ear , be bob shaye . he give a wave and start inside . bob ( into phone ) gotta go . call I when you get to Milan . and do not forget risotto con tarfutti . fantastico ! have fun . he toss it down and give Heather a two -hande shake . bob ( cont would ) great see you , Heather - how're thing ? heather Fine . I do not have to ask how you be do . he shrug , admit . bob so far so good . maybe we can send a little you way , too , if you be up for it . he gesture to a area of italian leather and gleam glass and sit as the assistant bring coffee . there be two cup , and he immediately drink from one , watch she gulp hers , then bob ( cont would ) I will cut to the chase , Heather . you interested in make the definitive nightmare with we ? Heather lower she cup , take off-guard . heather I think you would kill freddy off . bob we do . bad mistake . the fan be clamoring for more . so , evil never die , right ? ( grin shakily ) anyway , a while back we get a call from wes . he 's get this idea . and who better to resurrect freddy than he creator ? heather I think he would stop do horror . bob believe it or not , he tell I I have not hear from he in ten year because he have not have any good nightmare . they be he inspiration . but now he 's get a new script in the work . she note Bob bite he thumbnail . heather which mean he 's have nightmare again ? bob he 's very excited about it . heather the nightmare . bob he 's excited about the script . you should be too . it star you . heather ( react ) can I read it ? bob he 's not show it until it 's down . but it sound hot , and we want to get all we star line up in case it be . you and Robert get great rating today . which be the first thing we need to know . heather you mean that be a ... bob sort of a trial balloon . Heather blink . heather I do not know , Bob . I be flatter and all , but I have get a kid , now . bob so ? heather so I do not know about horror . bob come on . kid love horror . heather and I ... I have get other thing happen . bob I be sure we can match any offer . she stand . heather it 's not that . I have get a fan . he get up too . bob sweetie , you have get lot of fan , we have do market study . you rate right up there . ( put arm around she , guide she to door ) we have already get chase work on a prototype for the glove . heather what ? bob I know . we ask he to keep it kind of surprise until we talk . look , how about we get in touch you agent . you still with Jerry ? heather yes , but ... bob we will work something out . I be sure you will be happy with it . Heather turn in the door . heather Bob , how long have wes be work on this script ? bob I do not know . a couple month . why ? heather and since you have be think of make it . have anything funny happen ? bob I do not follow . heather like weird call , by any chance ? his phone ring behind he . he make no move to pick it up . the phone ring again . heather ( cont would ) or nightmare ? the phone ring again . heather ( cont would ) why do not you pick up you phone , Bob ? shaye shrug . bob that 's what people get pay for around here . a assistant pick up the phone . straighten . kim it 's Ted in New York . he want to know how the glove be come . Bob give a nervous laugh . bob gotta take that . keep in touch . Heather nod , and say quietly . heather you too , Bob . she turn and start to go . then stop . in her Pov for the first time she notice everyone in the outer office have a cup of steaming coffee on he or she desk . heather get the hell out of there . ext . heather' house - day the limo pull up and stop . the driver open the door and Heather exit and walk to the house . halfway there she start to hear the scream . int . heather' house - day Heather burst in and stop cold . from Dylan 's room come terrible scream . int . dylan be room - day Heather run in and find Julie by the bed with Dylan . the boy convulse and scream with terrifying intensity . she rush over and hold he , terrify . strange and alien word be spilling from he mouth . a language rip from another world not connect with we reality at all . until suddenly it 's English , and he say in a clear and terrifyingly deep voice dylan never sleep again , never sleep again ! then he start sobbing as if he heart will break . Heather look at Julie in shock . heather what 's go on ? be he watch the movie on tv again ? Julie blink . julie Movie ? he have not be watch any tv at all . he be take he nap when I hear scream . Julie stop , shake herself . Heather look at the child . Dylan turn , catch she eye with he own , and say through he tear . dylan rex save I . heather rex ? who 's rex ? Dylan pull a stuff dinosaur out from beneath the cover , and give it to Heather . and it nearly fall apart in she hand , its body tear by four deep cut , its stuff pour out . Heather look at Dylan . dylan be rex gonna die ? Heather shake she head . heather no , rex be not go to die . ( to Julie ) Julie , you know where the sewing stuff be , do not you ? julie sure . ( Dylan ) we will do a operation , Doctor Dylan and Doctor Julie . we will fix he good as new . Julie take the thing , grab Dylan and head to the kitchen . Heather glance back at Dylan 's bed . int . kitchen Heather in hushed conversation with chase . b.g. Julie sew on rex , accompany by a worried Dylan . then chase 's voice : chase Heather ? heather chase . hi ... int . chase's spfx trailer - day chase , on a cellular , be in the back of he spfx trailer work on froth up a tub of soap sud . b.g. , set aside in mid-construction , be something shiny and sharp . something we instantly recognize as freddy new glove . chase ( yawn ) what 's up ? heather ( filter ) chase , you would better come home . chase Heather , I be stick here . neither Chuck or Terry come in today . I can not get away ! heather ( filter ) chase , it 's Dylan ! he stand , forget he emergency , hold he breath . chase what ? back to kitchen Heather nearly cry . heather he 's have some sort of ... episode . chase ( filter ) what ? what kind of episode ? heather he be just act very strange . he think somebody 's after he , chase . it 's scary , it scared I . he be act like ... chase ( filter ) like what ? heather ( hardly able to say it ) like freddy . chase ( filter ) ( beat ) Heather , have there be another call ? Heather just close she eye , fear suppress a answer . demand another question instead . heather chase . why do not Chuck or Terry show up ? chase ( filter ) forget that two clown , Heather . answer I , do you get another call from that guy or not ? Heather bite she lip and nod . heather yes . chase ( filter ) ( instantly ) I will be there in three hour . heather do not speed , chase . it 's not ... he 's already hang up . cutting to chase jump off the tailgate and run for he pickup . camera hold on he a beat , then move up and into the back of the truck again . and the place on the workbench where the glove be be now empty . ext . heather' house - night storybook peaceful . int . dylan be room - night Heather sit next to the bed , one elbow on the quilt , read from the age - old fable of hansel and gretel . Dylan 's scrunch under the blanket , only he head visible . calm as you please . the sole light come from the child 's bedside lamp . heather " ... as soon as the sun be up the witch make gretel fetch the wood and kindle a fire . ' we will bake cookie first , ' she say . ' I have heat the oven and knead the dough . crawl in and see if the fire be blaze high enough now . ' and she push gretel toward the oven . the witch mean to shut the door and bake she once she be inside . " ( make face ) Dylan , this be too violent . I do not know why you like this stupid old tale . dylan finish , please ! heather this be go to give you nightmare . dylan I like this story . Heather sigh . pick the book back up . heather " but gretel guess what the witch be plan . ' I do not know how to get in , ' gretel say . ' how be I to manage it ? ' ' stupid girl ! ' shout the witch , rush up to the oven . ' the open be big enough . see , I can fit myself . ' then quickly gretel come behind and push with all she might . plung the wick old woman headlong into the flame , bang the door shut and bolt it tight . the witch howl ... " ( shake she head ) that 's enough . Dylan stare off into the night . dylan " the witch howl like a scald cat , but gretel run away and leave she there to perish nonetheless . " Heather look at Dylan in surprise , then at the page . exactly as Dylan say , the word be there . he turn and say the rest straight to she , eye glitter , almost entrance . dylan ( cont would ) " she run to she brother as fast as she could and flung open the door . ' hansel ! hansel ! ' she cry . ' we be save . the witch be dead ! ' " his face be light with a fierce radiance . Heather lick she lip . heather time for sleep . dylan say how they find they way back home . she turn out the light . heather tomorrow night . dylan no. tonight . it 's important ! Heather look at he in the moonlight . Wide awake , tug at she sleeve . she have to laugh . heather Dylan , you know as well as I do , they follow the trail of bread crumb back to they house . Dylan sink back with a smile . dylan " then they father cover they with kiss and they be safe . " heather they be safe and could sleep . she tuck he in . then notice something . a bump under the cover , down by Dylan 's foot . she pat it , curious . dylan rex . he pick a flashlight off he night stand , poke he head under the comforter and motion for she to follow . she smile curiously and stick she head under too . under the comforter , a colorful tent . Dylan aim the beam towards the bottom of the bed and the large stuff t- rex there . snarl in the center of the sheet , its back turn to they . it 's be sewn together again , but the body look much worse for the wear . dylan ( cont would ) rex keep he from come up . heather who ? dylan the mean old man with the claw . he point past the creature to the bottom edge of the ' tent ' . dylan ( cont would ) ( matter -of -factly ) he want to come up from down there . while we sleep . I keep my foot up here ... ( indicate ' safe ' area ) rex keep he down there . he 's my guard . ( look at she solemnly ) you should have a guard , too . Heather inexplicably feel light -headed . heather Dylan , there 's nothing down there . look ... she reach past the dinosaur and lift the blanket , expose the bottom edge of the bed and the floor beyond . heather ( cont would ) see ? Dylan stare at it a long moment , then shrug . dylan it 's different when you be go . outside the blanket again Heather tuck he in , turn off he night light . dylan ( cont would ) on , please ? heather ( turn it back on ) okay , sweetie , night , night , sleep tight . dylan ( with she ) do not let the bedbug bite . she kiss he gently and leave the room . but not before he voice catch she in the doorway . dylan ( cont would ) daddy come home ? heather he 's on he way . dylan he can follow the breadcrumb , right ? heather right . she leave , close the door , and Dylan say quietly to the night . dylan it the bird do not eat they first . ext . chase's pickup - night as it roar down a highway cut through a bleak desert moonscape . int . chase's pickup - night chase , face mark by concern and fatigue , pick up he mobile phone and dial . get nothing but static . swear and toss it down . squint he eye against oncoming brights and shake he head , suppress a yawn . he Pov the road . White line strobing hypnotically . closer on he face eye bloodshot and droop . wider he shake he head again . turn on the radio . static . pushes search . one horrible blast of static after another . then a distant station . newscaster ( filter ) ... tectonic nightmare ... fault line hitherto unknown seem to be spread ( static ) so extensive that ( static ) ... radio chase hand punch it off . silence . just the ploc , ploc of rubber over expansion joint . chase's eye droop further . ext . road and pickup' wheel - continuous low on the tire . oh so gradually crossing the flash of white line . ominous music creep in . int . chase's pickup - night chase snap awake again , shaking he head . the music disappear . close on he hand scratch he leg , rub sore muscle . refocus to seat between he legs . Music sneak back , and with a barely audible rip , something shiny and sharp poke up through the fabric . then another and another , bright spike of steel . at first just tip , then longer and longer . until four long claw be thrust up . strain to break out of the fabric . on chase's face sing somberly to himself to stay awake . chase this be meeee , lose myyyy religion . look at meee , lose myyyy ... reaches down . he hand enter frame at crotch level . rearrang thing with a quick adjustment , and the claw weave just out of the way until the hand be go . chase ( cont would ) ( o.s. ) religion ... cu chase take deep breath . rubbing he face . then notice there 's a tear piece of upholstery cling to one finger . he toss it away . stare blearily back to the road . and as he slide deeper and deeper towards sleep . the claw steel hand from Heather 's open nightmare rise into frame . just beneath he chin now . by he jugular . until chase fall asleep . his eye close for good . head fall forward on a slack neck . instantly the claw strike upwards , hard and jerk down through he body . his shirt fly open . the claw bury itself into he crotch as chase's deafening shriek carry over into int . live room - night Heather wake up scream ! music vanish . Heather bolt upright on the couch . stare around . see dylan watch she solemnly from the doorway near he room . dylan mommy scared ? Heather 's still half asleep and disorient . tries to put calm into she voice . heather mommy 's fine , Dylan . just have a bad dream . what be you do out of bed ? dylan rex wake I up . he be fight . before she can respond , the doorbell ring . Heather shrug off the last of the dream . stare at the door . who the hell at this hour ? heather Dylan , you go back to sleep now . dylan not sleepy . she look through the peep hole . react . turn to Dylan , she voice suddenly flat . heather Dylan , go back to bed . I mean it . Dylan look at she a moment longer , then obediently go into he room . by now Heather 's shaking so hard she can hardly work the bolt on the front door . when she open it to face two highway patrol officer . highway patrolman # 1 Heather langenkamp ? heather yes ? highway patrolman # 1 be chase porter you husband ? heather yes . highway patrolman # 1 I be afraid there be a accident . it appear he fall asleep while drive , mar 'am . she reach out , steady herself with a hand to a wall . for the first time she notice the patrol car park in she drive . heather be he ... I mean , be he hurt ? highway patrolman # 2 I be afraid it 's worse than that , mar 'am . Heather weave in the night air . her voice hardly perceptible . heather be he dead ? highway patrolman # 2 yes mar 'am . heather be you sure it 's he ? I ... highway patrolman # 2 we have he effect , you can confirm from that . he hand over a clear plastic bag with a wallet , watch and some money . Heather do not even take they . heather I want to see the body . highway patrolman # 1 no , you do not , mar 'am , it 's not necessary . heather I want to see for myself . and the way she say it rule out any possibility that she will not do exactly that . int . LA county morgue / basement corridor heather she foot echo on the cold marble walk down a hall line with gurney hold body under sheet . from o.s. one direction can be hear the distant sound of a woman 's single , gut - deep wail . then from the other , male laughter , chat and the SOUND of a electric tool whizzing away at something . int . morgue - night Heather enter . at the rear of this very large room two men be eat lunch out of paper bag . a third be work at a body , lift something dark and wet onto a scale . third man help you ? heather porter . chase porter . he peer at she , a bloody rubber glove poise mid-air . third man that a new one ? one of the man eat lunch point . lunch eater over there , third from the sink . Heather go over , camera moving with her hand -held . the lunch - eater follow with she , wiping he hand on he apron , check the toe tag . a thing very much like a pale blue credit card . lunch eater ( cont would ) you say chase ? Heather just nod , she heart in she throat . the man 's voice be surprisingly compassionate . lunch eater ( cont would ) sorry . he lift the sheet carefully , just offer a peak at the face . Heather force herself to look . it 's chase , and something about the sweet sleep - like quality to he face hit Heather harder than the bloodless pallor , or the slightly break -egg misshape of he head . the man lower the sheet and fetch a clipboard hang at the foot of the stainless steel table . lunch eater ( cont would ) just sign at the bottom , that 's all we need . but Heather be just stare at the sheet , head ever so slightly tilt , as if there 's one thing she see under there she 's not yet quite through with . heather let I see once more . lunch eater I be sorry . heather lift the sheet again . he look , see she 's serious , and lift it . heather ( cont would ) more . he lift it a little more . still it 's only down to chase 's chin . but it 's enough , and in a deadly still voice Heather ask ... heather ( cont would ) what 's that ? she 's point to a flap of whitish skin beneath chase 's chin . lunch eater uh , well , this be a bad wreck , mar 'am . I mean , he head 's gonna be okay for the funeral and all , but ... Heather reach out suddenly and pull the sheet back much farther . for one horrendous instant we glimpse a torso sewn back together with rough mortician 's stitches along four deep , savage slashes . the lunch eater pull the sheet back over chase as Heather spin and vomit . lunch eater ( cont would ) oh , now , there . you okay , lady ? he offer she a piece of white muslin to wipe she mouth . she do so with shaking hand , then ask with a shake , terrify whisper . heather what do that ? the man blink a moment . lunch eater ma'am , it be head - on . I hear the truck be tear up something awful . you can imagine how he would , well , not be exactly in top shape . Heather , still crouch , look back at the gurney loom above she . heather it look like ... he be claw . lunch eater yeah , well , that 's why we do not lift the sheet past the face , mar 'am . sometimes what you do not see be what get you through the night . ext . cemetery - day surrounded by she friend , Heather bury she husband . there be several recognizable face here in addition to Bob and Sara , especially to elm Street fan - Robert englund , johnny depp , wes craven , JOHN saxon among other . there be no media or fan - the funeral have be keep from the press . Heather stand apart from the rest , hold Dylan 's hand . on he other side be Julie , touch he shoulder . only a slight twitching of the boy 's hand betray emotion as he solemnly watch the casket lower . as it disappear beneath the brink , a sudden wind move through the tree . a moment later a sharp jolt roll through the place . instantly there be cry of EARTHQUAKE ! and the SHOCK continue - the ground heaving - and the man winch the coffin fall backwards . several grave stone and monument tumble . the coffin itself tilt wickedly , then fall end - first into the pit , hit with a sicken crack . Heather lurch forward instinctively . lose balance . Falls and hit hard , head against the framework over the grave . mass confusion for the rest of the people , ducking , stumbling over gravestone , generally grab for something solid . then that eerie still again . just dog and car alarm . Heather shake herself , twist round look for Dylan . see he 's not with Julie . hiss desperately at the girl . heather Julie . where 's Dylan ?! Julie look around , daze . everyone nearby look for the child . and for god know what reason , Heather check the grave and react in horror . her Pov in the merest fraction of a second we see the coffin have split open . the lid ajar . and incredibly , the leer face of someone who look a lot like freddy krueger - darker , even harder , but definitely in that mode , duck back deeper into the dark of the coffin after a split second of eye-contact with Heather . and he 's drag Dylan after he ! without hesitation Heather jump into the pit . amid gasp of astonishment from the daze onlooker , even as Dylan disappear into the coffin with a terrible yank ! in the pit with heater wrenching back the coffin lid , see Dylan about to vanish down the dark slot at the foot of the coffin . just like the danger area beneath the blanket ! inside the coffin Heather diving under the wind sheet and grab Dylan 's hand . hauling back . for the briefest instant she glimpsis the long arm of freddy 's red and green-stripe sweater . the wick glove and blade . all snake down out of sight into darkness . as he mock laughter echoe over she , Heather haul up with all she might . pull the child back and over the bloody remain of she husband . Dylan scream in fright ! and at the sight of chase 's face , he dead eye stare in horror into she own . Heather pass out ! close on her face roll to the side . and now gentler hand be touch she . try to rouse she . pull back to reveal Heather on the ground at the graveside . Robert englund , wes craven and John saxon hover over she in concern . she look around in panic . heather ( cont would ) Dylan !? JOHN saxon he 's right here . it 's okay ! saxon point . Heather turn , see Dylan watch down at she with that intense , eerie look . held by the frighten Julie . a terrible dizziness sweep over Heather . heather what ... happen ? JOHN saxon quake knock you off you foot . you get bump pretty good , actually . ( dab blood from she forehead ) Heather turn and see man already have the coffin back level . the lid be not open - the coffin be not split . wider now siren and a faint hubbub from the surround city . that gather be clearly shake , and the minister raise he hand as a subtle but ominous aftershock roll by . minister May he rest in peace , child . and my you all get home safely ! immediately several head for they car . closer on heather shiver . she stand , turn to go and bump right into Robert englund . she give a start . he put he hand on she shoulder . and move in closer , we can just hear he murmur . ROBERT englund if there 's anything I can do , heater . anything ... and he move off , pull a wide - brimm , not-quite freddy hat over he head . Heather watch he go as John saxon put a big arm around she . behind , wes craven look up at the sky . it 's get late in the day and the wind be pick up . ext . heather' house - night the cottage huddle against strong Santa Ana 's . a streetlight nearby throw eerie shadow on the roof . int . chase and heather' bedroom Heather lie in bed wide awake , listen to the wind howl . she pull the blanket closer and try to close she eye . then she become aware of another sound , this one from downstairs . a muffled sing - song , and a pad of SMALL feet . heather stand , listen . grab a robe and rush down to int . den - night Heather peek around the corner of the stairwell , and to she dismay see Dylan circle in the de , eye close , mouth slurring something . sleepwalk . Heather cross , not know whether to wake he or not . he hover by the tv for a moment . it 's also on , this one run silent image of tv Heather as nancy in the boiler room for the first time ( again from nightmare I ) see freddy step out from behind the furnace , backlit , dark , claw . close on heather reacting . scare now . Dylan , still asleep , veer away blindly , bump into the coffee table , then head for the kitchen . Heather 's have enough . she catch up with he . softly encircle he in she arm . closer on the two as she shake he gently . heather Dylan . sweetie . wake up , baby ... awaken , Dylan 's eye snap wide in fear . his mouth gape open in a startle cry and he flail out of she arm onto the floor . Heather desperately try to gather he back up ... and then he seem to recognize she , and fall still . only he labor breathe break the stunne silence , he eye stare wide at Heather . heather ( cont would ) Dylan , baby , we be gonna get you back to bed now . the child shake he head violently , tear spring . dylan I can not sleep there , mommy . please ! heather you have get to sleep , Dylan , you ... she never finish the sentence because Dylan suddenly sing a thin , plaintive voice dylan one two , freddy 's come for you ... Heather , feel she head swim through a unexpected wash of vertigo , can barely find she voice . heather Dylan , do you hear that in that move ? Dylan look at she , confuse . dylan what movie ? Heather look at the tv . there 's nothing there . the set be off . and not only that , it 's still unplugge from that morning . she look back at the child . heather then ... where do you hear that song ? do you answer the phone ? Dylan shake he head . dylan in my bed . heather you bed ? dylan under my cover . ( off she look ) kid sing , and way down there , the man ... the mean man ... and he make the sign of the claw . heather and ... what 's the man do ? dylan try to get up ... try to get into we world . then Dylan stop , startle by the warm run of liquid over he upper lip . his nose have start to coarse dark , red blood . heather oh , shit . Dylan . he touch he hand to it , stare at the bright surprise , then Heather snatch he up . rushes he into the bathroom . framed in that distant doorway she daub he face , soothes he silent tear . int . chase and heather' bedroom - night Heather , back in bed and listen to the wind howl . Dylan be curl against she side . peaceful as a baby now . breath deep and regular . but if Heather think he 's asleep , she 's wrong . dylan where 's daddy now ? Heather give a start . look down . Dylan 's look up at she , wait for the answer . heather daddy 's ... in Heaven , Dylan . he 's with God now . Dylan think a moment . dylan do you have to die to see God ? heather no , I do not think so . you just have to ... pray , or reach ... he curl against she , tighter . dylan why do God let there be bad thing ? heather I honestly do not know . try to sleep , baby . dylan can you come with I in my dream ? Heather pull the cover over he farther . heather I think that only happen in movie . but I will always be here when you get back . ( look under cover ) and I will make sure nobody grab you toe , either . she tickle he toe . he let out a giggle and close he eye . Heather do not close hers . in fact , she reach over and find a still steaming cup of coffee stashed on she bedside table and take a long gulp . under the cover we see Dylan 's hand reach down and touch rex . he turn the snarling beast to face the darkness at the bottom of the bed . ext . playground - day Sun a warm yellow , child play under the watchful eye of mother . nearby , Dylan run a stick around the paling of a playground rocket , somber and tentative . pan to find heather and JOHN saxon . the man in immaculate sweat , tan and fit . a reassure presence if ever there be one , listen intently as Heather speak . heather I know what he 's do be bizarre , but most of the time he seem so normal , so well adjust . I just can not believe it 's he . I mean , and not something outside , influence he . ( scared ) or be that how denial work ? JOHN saxon when it be denial . I do not think that 's the case here , but if you be really worried , have a doctor check he out . you will see , everything 's fine . Heather look back at he . heather you be not just say that to help a crazy friend cope , be you ? saxon shake he head . JOHN saxon all of Dylan 's behavior be understandable for a kid deal with a parent 's death . how can a child process such a thing ? Heather shake she head , say low . heather do not know . have not be able to process it very well myself . saxon look at she . JOHN saxon you be not crazy , by the way . heather think I see freddy in the grave feel pretty crazy . and jump in ... JOHN saxon you do not jump in . heather that 's my memory . and it seem absolutely real . JOHN saxon seem , not be . heather ( look off , lower ) it 's in my family , you know . my grandmother die in a institution ... JOHN saxon really ? ( unfaze ) Hell , if have a screwy family make you crazy , the world would be one colossal nuthouse . she look at he , well ? he laugh and she do , too . JOHN saxon ( cont would ) look , you have get a craze fan after you . that 's what 's make you crazy , and probably Dylan , too . heather I have never mention it to he . JOHN saxon kid know when something 's bugging a parent . ( focus on it ) you have get no idea who this be call ? she turn and watch Dylan . heather freddy , for all I know . JOHN saxon steady ... Heather try to smile . heather a man , or a boy with a deep , y'know , freddy voice . JOHN saxon six week of this , and you be surprised you have get freddy in you dream ? Hell , sonny bono say after a while he be see he stalker everywhere . even at mass . heather really ? JOHN saxon absolutely . and how many time have letterman call the cop think that woman be down in he kitchen again ? it get under you skin if you let it . heather you really think Dylan 's okay ? saxon give she a paternal look . JOHN saxon Dylan 's fine . you be fine . hurting , but fine . definitely not crazy . CUT to the playground rocket a tall structure stand over 25 foot high . Dylan have unexpectedly make he way all the way to its top level , and have squeeze out through a break guard band . right now he 's climb up the outside of the rocket towards its nose cone ! back on heather not see any of this . heather it 's my worst fear , that whatever my mother have , I will have . and I will pass it along to ... Heather shake she head and smile , then look up and give a start , see dylan who 's climb to the pinnacle of the rocket and be stand fully upright on its nose cone , way the hell up there , arm stretch to the heaven ! Heather stand , afraid to move . and now several other parent , even kid be see he , point , as angle past dylan stretch up impossibly far , finger strain . Heather far below , leaping off the bench and start to run ! up angle to dylan as he stretch even harder , and then with a cry lose he balance and fall . heather run at top speed . dylan fall through space . heather barely make it to he . the boy and she meeting with a bone - jarring impact . Heather drive to the sand hard , with Dylan atop she ! by the time saxon get to they , Heather 's find out that though she 's daze and bruise , amazingly , Dylan be not only okay , but serenely unconcern with he close call . he simply look up at she and say solemnly . dylan God would not take I . ext . heather' house - day peaceful , sun -drench . never know anything be go wrong . Heather , limping noticeably , fetch she mail . int . den - day Heather wipe the sweat off she face with she T-shirt and shuffles through the pile . there 's a newspaper with headline of the earthquake , the usual load of junk mail - and then something that stop she cold . closer as she singles out one letter in particular . grimy , no address , smear with soot . she open it with shaking finger . we see a sheet of filthy paper hold a single cut - out " E " paste on its center . heather stuff the letter in a drawer , and as she do we glimpse dozen of other filthy envelope . Heather cross to the phone and dial . voice # 2 ( filter ) hello ? heather Robert ? intercutting with : int . ROBERT englund house / studio - day tight on englund , intense , quick , stalking back from the cordless phone 's base through the live room of a large , Mediterranean mansion . he talk as he walk , soon end back where he evidently be when the call come , in a sun-room off the larger room , which feature a large easel . clearly a avid amateur painter , he 's surround here by jar of brushes , rag and palettes . the large canvas he 's work on be see only from behind . ROBERT englund Heather ? you do okay ? heather holding my own . you know that guy who be call I all the time ? he 's start again . he 's be put stuff in my mail . ROBERT englund must have read about the funeral . sick mother . that 's the last thing you need right now , I be sure . heather ( almost embarrassed ) it 's actually be give I freddy nightmare . line noise for a second , then ... ROBERT englund freddy as in I ? Heather shake she head . heather it be not you . he 's scarier . he 's ... ( search for word ) Robert put down he brush , take the portable phone to the window and look out as if he could see she . ROBERT englund darker . more ...evil ? heather yeah ... how would you know ? ROBERT englund call it a guess ... he start painting again , as if he see something in the canvas he have to capture instantly or it would vanish . his face twist and flinch with the effort ; we get the feel this be no mere hobby at all . but we still do not see the picture . heather anyway , what I be call about be ... have you see any of the script , by any chance ? ROBERT englund wes will not show it until it 's finish . that 's what he tell I , at least . I ask he at the funeral . heather when do you think it will be do ? ROBERT englund the way he 's write be so weird , who know ? I ask he how far he would get at the funeral , and what be it he say ...? oh yeah , as far as Dylan try to reach God . weird , huh , that he would have you kid in it ? Heather can not find she breath for a moment . Fighting a perception of fear so stifling it 's like a pillow press to she face . she barely manage . heather Robert ? have you be have any nightmare ? just the line noise . on ROBERT painting , the phone hold away from he head as if it contain something he do not want to acknowledge . heather ( cont would ) Robert , I think we should talk . and not over the phone . could I come over ? he shake he head . ROBERT englund uh , actually today 's not good . there 's something I have get to finish . how 's tomorrow ? back now with heather pale , turn to look at Dylan 's door . heather tomorrow , then . first thing in the morning . meanwhile take care , Robert , okay ? she hang up . ROBERT hang up , too , just stare at the painting . as if it hold he salvation or he doom . int . chase and heather' bedroom - night Heather , deep in sleep , toss as if she bed be float on a stormy sea . in fact , this time very , very subtly , another EARTHQUAKE have begin rock the house . lamp sway , the whole bed rise and fall , as we move in on heather int . den - night camera at carpet level as two little feet pad into frame . move with they , tilting up the cowboy pj 's to dylan' face . ghostlike in the moonlight . eye vacant , move through the live room as in a dream . int . chase and heather' bedroom - night Heather gasp out something in she sleep , the tone deeply distress . pan off her , across the sheet flung over her , to the foot of the bed . there 's movement there . the sheet rise at four salient . press up from beneath . then the glint of steel poke through with a subtle rip-rip-rip , the claw of finely - hone steel rise into moonlight . move . past heather' face to the claw cleanly parting the sheet as they pull they way closer to she . the only sound a soft rrriiiiippppp . they stop in cu and with practice snick cut the tatter between they , leave only a single hole . then the lethal steel hand rise fully into sight . then there 's a crash from downstairs , as if a silverware drawer be dumped on a tile floor . Heather jolt as if prodd with a electric wire , twist around and stare wide - eye at nothing . our wide angle from directly above show twisted blanket , nothing more . chill , Heather pull the sheet around she . then pull it back open . realize it 's cut into ribbon along its entire length . she jump out of bed , breath catch in she throat . then there 's a metallic scrrriiiiitch from the kitchen . dylan ( o.s. ) ( distant ) one two , freddy 's come for you . Three four , better lock you door ... int . stairwell /de / kitchen - night Heather appear at the foot of the stair , heart in she throat . twenty foot away , advance slowly from the kitchen , Dylan be chant the old refrain dylan five six , grab you crucifix ... Heather start for he . reverse angle past dylan to heather , and from this vantage point , we can see the cluster of steak knife he 's tape to he finger , make a serious - look claw , hide behind he back . Heather shake she head , almost to he . heather sweetie , do not sing that ... she reach for he , and he strike like lightning , slashing , barely miss . advance again , breath come in little asthmatic rasp . Heather back away . dylan Seven eight , better stay up late ! she bang up against a wall , he 's too near for she to dodge away . they grapple , the boy suddenly with the strength of a feral animal . he raise the blade , hiss at she dylan ( cont would ) nine ten ! Heather lurch backwards as he strike , and int . chase and heather' bedroom - dawn crash ! she fall out of bed , now truly awake . dylan ( o.s. ) never sleep again . pad , pad , pad . int . den - dawn Heather enter , limping . look . see she child circle in the center of the room before the light tv , cry softly ... dylan never sleep again , never sleep again ... and scattered all around he on the floor be the filthy page of letter . heather Dylan ... then she stop , stare more closely at the letter on the carpet . for the first time she see that use the single letter from each page , Dylan have spell out : a*n*s*w*e* R t*h*e p*h*o*n*e then the phone ring . Heather stare at Dylan , stunne . the phone ring again , and without even think about it , she pick it up . heather ( cont would ) yes ? freddy ( filter ) I touch he . before she can react the telephone suddenly thrust a long , fleshy tongue into she mouth in a appallingly obscene lick . she flail backwards , fling it away , and as she do , Dylan let out a pierce scream and fall gasp on he side , leg kick like a animal strike by a car . Heather grab he and run for the door . int . hospital room - day eye , peering from behind the flare of light closer still on dylan be eye - wide - unblinking . doctor hefner , a tall , powerful look woman in she 40' and Chief of pediatric Medicine , click off the light and look at Heather . dr . hefner any history of epilepsy in you family ? heather no . dr . hefner diabete ? heather no . dr . hefner be there any trigger event ? a trauma , shock or ... ( look at she more carefully ) you have not show he any of the film you make , have you ? the horror stuff ? heather ( not sure she imagine it or not ) no ... hefner nod , scowling . dr . hefner good . I be convinced they can tip a unstable child over the edge . Heather swallow , hardly able to find she voice . heather unstable ? Dylan 's not unstable , he 's ... just ... upset . the doctor 's look at she , as if wonder if Heather 's competent enough to handle a painful truth . then she just scrawl something on a prescription sheet . dr . hefner we will run a battery of test and know in a few day . Heather look at Dylan , eye haunt by a terrible vulnerability . Dylan be stone silent . no evil behavior . just exhaust and withdraw , like some small creature escape from a predator by the skin of he tooth , now just follow core instinct : stay in hide . do not make a sound . heather do he have to stay here over night ? dr . hefner absolutely . the doctor draw she out into hallway outside dylan' room she hold Heather 's eye and speak low , so Dylan can not hear . dr . hefner ( cont would ) anything more happen we should know about ? Heather tense ever-so-slightly . heather like what ? dr . hefner sometimes what a child say or fantasize will give a clue to what ail he . do he say anything while he be still lucid ? Heather look to Dylan . he 's look at she with trust eye . heather ( low ) no. Dylan do not say anything . she go into the room . Dr. hefner watch she carefully . a nurse walk by and hefner hand she the x-ray . nurse what have we here ? dr . hefner ( low ) it 's too soon to know for sure , but the early symptom point towards childhood schizophrenia . int . dylan' hospital room - day tight on heather and dylan . Heather have hear the above exchange . near tear , she look down to Dylan curl against she , eye open but unsee . stare not so much at she as past she , out the window . heather Dylan , can you hear I ? just barely perceptibly , the terrify boy shake he head ' no ' . heather ( cont would ) Dylan , you have get to fight it , whatever it be that 's after you . and you have get to come back to I . you can not make it alone . do you hear ? on dylan no response to this . but then a single tear course down he cheek . and then he nod ' yes ' . heather ( cont would ) yes . and if you can hear I , you can tell I what you need to feel safe . he say nothing . but then Heather be aware of movement . she look down and see Dylan 's hand move under the cover , reach , reach down towards the bottom of the bed , for something that clearly be not there . heather ( cont would ) ( realize ) rex ? be that what you want ? rex be home , Dylan . that 's where you should be , too . you have get to get better so they will let you come home , understand ?! dylan ( very , very quietly ) Home . heather Home , that 's right . she point out the window . heather ( cont would ) that 's where I want you , Dylan . you know we be not that far . right out there past the freeway be we home . but to get there you have get to come out from where you be . then they will let you come back home to rex ... and to I . she kiss he gently on he forehead , cry herself now . then a nurse enter with a paper cup . nurse time for you medicine , cowboy . Dylan look at it solemnly . heather what be that ? nurse ( quietly ) just something to help he sleep . Heather look at Dylan and nod . then as if he be a thousand year old , Dylan put it in he mouth . the nurse give he water and he swallow . nurse ( cont would ) attaboy . now take a little nap . ( to Heather ) you will have to leave now . he will be fine . we will run test tonight . you can visit again in the morning . the nurse leave . Heather turn to Dylan . heather okay , Dylan . I will be back here first thing tomorrow . I love you . Heather kiss he again , give a little wave , and leave . Dylan close he eye . but when Heather disappear through the doorway behind , he bring he hand to he mouth and spit the sleep pill into he palm . a moment later he 's hide it deep in he bed cover , and he eye be wide open , stare out through the window again , to he home over there , so near yet so far away . ext . hospital parking lot - day Heather , in she volvo , start to back out , lose in think . instantly there 's a blare of horn and curse from the car she 's almost back into . Heather pull back into the parking place and kill the engine . she just sit there and sob , for one moment all the confusion and dread surging out of she . then she force herself to breathe . swipe away the tear . swear to herself . and start the engine . int / ext . heather' volvo - day Heather drive and drink 7 / 11 coffee . she 's get the radio on loud to fight droop eye . radio newscaster seismologist at caltech have count over 300 of the temblor so far . though most be too faint for we to feel , seven have shake we community in the last two week . and now scientist be speculate there might be a unknown fault run beneath Los Angeles , a fault that could ... Heather turn it off . thinks a moment , then punch number on the carphone and listen to it cycle and ring . somebody pick up immediately . patrice ( speaker ) Robert ? heather this be Heather , patrice . I be call for Robert . he 's not there ? int . ROBERT englund house / studio - day patrice , Robert 's wife , 33 , a face of great strength and beauty , look a bit daze and edgy right now , move through the live room with a suitcase . she put be down with two other , then start for the studio . patrice he 's ... out of the house , Heather . heather ( filter ) will he be back any time soon ? patrice uh... actually , we be ducking out of town for a while . on heather sense the woman 's near panic . patrice ( cont would ) ( on speaker ) and you should get away , too , Heather . you really should . cutting back to englund be patrice have stop in the studio to grab Robert 's glass . she stuff they into a pocket , turn and look off patrice ( cont would ) just a little break away from l.a . CUT to what she' looking at the impressionistic painting englund be work on . a large , frightening portrait of freddy himself . a be far more dark and ominous that the usual version . the one we ( and Heather ) glimpse in chase 's coffin . as different in kind as the film batman be from the tv version . he 's larger , quick and feral , yet at the same time imbue with enormous strength and intelligence . a truly primal threat from the lowest ring of hell . and the large gleam steel hand and claw , cocked and ready to strike , grow right out of the end of he arm . patrice ( cont would ) we could all use a break right about now , do not you think ? back on heather as the line go dead . ext . wes' house - day a modern home high above malibu . pan across a pool to a patio , where we discover wes and heather walk together . wes I wish I could tell you where this script be go . I do not know . look , I dream a scene , I write it down the next morning . you guess be as good as mine as to how it end . he duck inside , Heather run to catch up . int . wes' house - day heather well at least tell I what it 's about so far . wes stop as he housekeeper emerge from the kitchen with a steaming cup of coffee . Heather drink immediately , despite the scalding heat . when the housekeeper disappear , craven continue . wes I can tell you what the nightmare be about . they be about this ... entity . whatever you want to call it . it 's old , very old , and it 's take different form in different time . the only thing that stay the same about it be what it life for . heather what 's that ? wes killing innocence , one way or the other . she notice the haunt eye . heather this be still a script we be talk about , right ? wes I think of it as sort of a nightmare in progress . she look at he , he stare back , revealing nothing . heather then , in this nightmare in progress , do this thing have any weakness ? wes it can be capture , sometimes . heather capture ? how ? wes by storyteller , of all thing . every so often , they imagine a story good enough to catch its essence . then it 's hold prisoner for a while . in the story . she look at he . heather like the genie in the bottle . wes exactly . ( beat ) the problem come when the story die . it happen a lot of different way , the story get too familiar , or too water down by people try to make it easier to sell , or it 's label a threat to society and just plain ban . however it happen , when the story die , the evil be set free . Heather blink as it hit she . heather you say freddy 's this ancient thing ? wes current version . for ten year he 's be imprison as freddy by the story of nightmare on elm Street . but now that the film have stop - ( look at she ) the genie 's out of the bottle , Heather , that 's what the nightmare be about . that 's what I be write . she look at he , fear creep up she spine . heather if freddy 's loose , I mean , in you script , where 's he go to go ? another age ? another form ? wes that 's not what the dream say he 's do . heather then what be he do ? wes well , see , he 's get use to be freddy now . and kinda like it here in we time and space , too . so ...he 's try to cross over , from film into we reality . Heather look like she might pass out . heather be not there anyone that can stop he ? wes interestingly enough , in the dream there be one person . a gatekeeper , so to speak . someone freddy 's get to get by before he can enter we world . ( look at she ) it 's you , Heather . heather I ? why I ? wes dramatically speak it make perfect sense . you play Nancy , after all , the first to humiliate and defeat he . heather that be Nancy , not I ! wes but it be you that give Nancy she strength . so to get out he have to come through you . and it 's inevitable that he will hit you at you most vulnerable point ... heater pale . heather Dylan . and ... ( realize ) chase . my God , wes , do you know ? wes Heather , it 's just a movie , a dream , really ... heather you know damn well it 's more than that now ! ( lower ) how can we stop he ? he stop in the doorway to he studio . Heather see this room be drape against the light . in its center glow a computer , a half - finish page of script on its screen . next to the computer , a narrow cot , its sheet twisted . wes the way to stop he be to make another movie . and I swear to you I will stay at my computer and keep write until I finish the script . but when that time come ... ( quietly ) you be gonna have to make a choice . heather Choice ? what kind of choice ? wes whether or not you be willing to play Nancy one last time . fade to black . fade up on : int . chase and heather' bedroom - night Heather study long into the night , a host of book spread around she . yellow pad for note , and she 's bring the coffee- maker right into the bedroom now . it sit prominently on she bedside table . clock 12:30 am cu pan of book chilton on childhood disease , Barton & o'neil 's text on pediatric schizophrenia ; xerox from Scientific american , the Journal of the ama , lancet , Journal of the american psychological Institute . cu her finger trace complex paragraph . xcu of textual fragment SARA ... incipience of aphasia commonly precede by period of acute irritability ... delusional account of shadow figure ... hearing of voice ... seizure , nausea and emesis ... intercut with cu of heather' eye read , reacting subtly as the fear and awful doubt mount . then she lose she grip momentarily on the book , and several page turn . she try to find she place . then straighten . xcu new text under a head of sleep disorder , the word ' many of the symptom of schizophrenia be duplicate in child suffer from sleep deprivation . ' xxcu the word " sleep deprivation " cu of her hand reaching for her cup of coffee , stop inch from the cup . xcu heather be eye , shifting to the cup . xcu coffee cup , the black surface of the coffee radiating concentric ring , subtle at first , then larger and larger until the fluid be sloshing over the brim . heather go rigid , brace look around . there 's a distinct low rumble build now , with a respond creaking complaint from the timber of the house . then the tv in her room blink on , at first silently , so that she 's not even sure she 's hear its subtle ' blink ' . then the volume come up , and she find herself watch a newstory on the day earthquake , footage ( stock ) of brick wall atop smashed car , freeway overpass crack and close off . announcer ( tv / vo ) a six - point quake on the richter scale , bring scattered destruction throughout L.A. basin ... heather fumble in the drawer of she bedtable and find the remote , aim and fire and the tv blink off . beat . then blink back on . heather just stare at it . what be go on , here ? she 's about to beep it off again when she stop , the story be seguee to : announcer ( tv / vo cont would ) the world of horror film suffer its own terror today , as two of Hollywood 's best - know special effect technician be find dead in a vacant field . the tv switch to a late- night newscaster with the super - imposed logo of freddy claw and the text : real -life horror . announcer ( tv / vo cont would ) terrance feinstein and Charles Wilson , two special effect artist reputedly work on a top-secret project for the maker of the freddy krueger film , be find brutally slashed to death early this . Heather beep it off , and the tv stay black . she breath a sigh of relief , badly shake . then it come back on . announcer ( tv / vo cont would ) freddy 's glove be miss , and police be speculate whether the murder be the result of a botch theft of ... gzzzttt !!! the picture contort , go to snow and die . there 's a interior , bluish flare inside the tv , and a wisp of smoke . then silence . then the phone ring . Heather just stare at it . it ring again . then she answer machine pick up downstairs . SARA ( filter ) Heather ? this be Sara . um , sorry to call so late , but ... this be kinda hard ... I do not know if you have see the news , but ... we just be think we might shelf this new nightmare project for a while , and want you to know . call . bye . click . Heather lean back against she pillow . close she eye and take a deep breath . just the sound of the wind now . her head fall slowly sideways . then the first plate fall in the kitchen , then another , a sharp , harrowing crashing of crockery . and Heather dive out of bed , stumbling for the doorway as the full force of the earthquake hit ! kablam ! Heather brace in the doorway , gritting she tooth as thing throughout the house topple now , something big in the live room , both lamp off the bedside table , this be the worst quake yet ! then the light go out . Heather let out a cry of terror and adrenaline . at last , it 's over . a moment 's silence . then one final crash . Glass from the sound of it . then utter , preternatural silence . Heather hold , wait for the aftershock . but there be none . then she start to wonder about that last crash . there 's enough moonlight to tell the direction of it , the closet . she look . the rest she can guess , but what the hell be in the closet ? she cross and open the door , look down to see the break remain of she coffee pot . she look back to she bedside table . the coffee pot be go . the merest sound bring she head around , and she find herself look into a face not ten inch from she own , a dark , scar figure , face contort with menace , eye catch the scant light just enough to glint incredible hatred and energy . Heather let out the scream at the same second he strike , lung forward and drive she backwards over the bed , landing atop and press he ugly face right into hers . now there 's enough of the moonlight to glimpse the pock and crisped skull . freddy naaaaancy ! xcu two shot and he drive down hard , but as he do , the bed suddenly twist up and over at the same instant , and the aftershock hit ! Heather be throw to the side at the last possible second . the blade slashing past she throat and hit she up - thrust arm , a split second before she careen out of bed entirely . hitting the floor hard , knock herself out cold . as the quake 's last rumble shake the room , then fall away . close on heather on the deck . shake herself back to consciousness . look around in shock . the room be normal . only she bed seem affect , so askew half the mattress touch the floor . she raise herself painfully . her bedside clock radio be blink " 12:00 ... 12:00 " . she realize she 's clutching she arm , that there 's blood ooze between she finger . then she remember . heather Dylan ! int . hospital corridor - night camera moving handheld with heather as she run down the corridor towards Dylan 's room . then she see julie stare back at she , stop by a nurse . heather Julie , what be you do here ? Julie give a funny shrug . julie I do not know . I just ... have this terrible dream ... that Dylan be in danger . I have to come over to see ... ( laugh nervously ) you must think I be crazy . Heather shake she head . heather no , I do not think that at all . how be he ? julie they would not let I ... at that moment Dr. hefner stride into sight . she look at Heather with a slightly pain smile . dr . hefner Ms. langenkamp . I be afraid there be no evening visit hour in intensive Care . heather be he all right ? dr . hefner Dylan ? he 's hold well . earlier he have some problem , he 's in a oxygen tent just now ... heather oh my God ... she go to pass but the doctor stop she , look down at she sleeve . dr . hefner it seem we have have a accident , Mrs. langekamp . May I ? Heather look down . she 's forget entirely about she bloody arm . the doctor lift the sleeve . see the four slashes across the forearm . dr . hefner ( cont would ) that be nasty cut . how ... heather it happen during the earthquake . I fall . I want to see Dylan ... but the doctor do not move out of the way . she look from the cut to Heather 's face , see the fear and stress . dr . hefner in a moment , first let 's see about you . she take Heather 's elbow . Heather glance towards Julie , then go with she to ... int . dispensary Heather sit while the doctor treat the cut . Heather 's obviously uneasy and wishing to be with she son , but the Doctor be not take the cut lightly , and be increasingly alert to Heather 's highly agitate state . dr . hefner if this have be a few inch nearer to the wrist ... what do you say you cut yourself on ? heather it be a earthquake and it be dark . I have no idea . dr . hefner this look quite fresh . heather they be ... it happen in tonight 's quake . ( off she blank look ) it happen just fifteen minute ago . you must have feel it . the doctor have no idea what she 's talk about . dr . hefner ( smile faintly ) guess we luck out over here . Heather swallow . the doctor begin bandage . dr . hefner ( cont would ) you son , apparently , be terrify of a man . someone he think be go to come out of he bed . ( off she look ) one of the nurse hear he talk in he sleep you have any idea who that man might be , Mrs. langenkamp ? Heather wince as the woman bind the gauze with a clip . heather I mean to bring he he dinosaur , rex . rex keep freddy from ... Heather realize what she 's say , but too late . dr . hefner the man from you film ? freddy krueger with the claw ? be that who he 's afraid of ? ( eye flick to Heather 's arm ) you have let you child see you film , have not you ? Heather turn and face the woman , furious . heather every kid know about freddy . he 's like Santa Claus or King Kong . Dr. hefner just eye she , too appal to take it further . dr . hefner I see . well . interesting talk to you , Ms. langenkamp . I hope you understand , my concern be simply for the welfare of you son . she smile thinly and leave the room . int . dylan' hospital room - night Dylan , now visible only through the plastic of a oxygen tent . Heather sit next to she son 's bed , exhaust . just watch he slow breathe . try to piece it all together . a nurse pass , glance at Heather and exchange a whisper word with a second nurse . Heather , despite she best effort , be nodd . suddenly there 's a shrill alarm from a monitor and Dylan twist sharply inside he tent , suffer what look like the full cardiac arrest . arched across the bed , finger claw the air in silent agony . Heather jerk awake as several nurse rush in , look back to Dylan , see he 's half sit up now , he eye open , peer back at she with incredible intensity as he unzip the oxygen tent . it stop she short . she lean closer . heather Dylan , honey . you should not do that ! Dylan 's face twist slowly into a uncanny imitation of a old man , and the voice that come out of this child 's mouth be absolutely recognizable , absolutely freddy krueger 's . dylan / freddy too late . I be almost there , Heather , I be almost there . and with that Dylan vomit . a huge involuntary convulsion that send green / black effluvia straight into she eye ! Heather lurch back , claw at the sting glob cling to she face , she hair . we glimpse insect , worm and worse : quick cut emergency machinery fly in . Heather push back . nurse scurrying . the SOUND of Dylan crying in a daze for he mother . then Dr. hefner stride in and roughly shove the nurse away . heather Doctor ... dr . hefner ( to nurse ) get she back ! I have get to go in ! get I a full anesthetic , stat ! nurse we do not have any here , doctor . the doctor , grim -face and furious , wheel back to Dylan , claw the oxygen tent away . dr . hefner screw it , then . I be go in ! she rip the terrify child 's gown away from he chest . dr . hefner ( cont would ) cut this evil out of he ! and with that , she pull she hand out of she bag and we see the grim glove . a medicalize version of the gleam , tinging scalpel - sharp claw . Dr. hefner raise they to plunge into the child . Heather lurch forward . heather nooooo ! still in the room the craze Dr. hefner be not there . but Heather have dive right onto Dylan 's bed . now several nurse struggle to subdue she . Heather fight one last second , then realize what 's happen . nurse now what have you do to yourself , miss ? Heather look down and see the blood seeping out from under the bandage on she arm . then she look back dylan' bed . the oxygen tent shred . and Dylan go . Heather lose it . heather he 's get he . he 's get my Dylan ! the nurse wheel and stare at she . Wild , tremble , and now with a stark streak of gray slashed through she auburn hair ! nurse who ? who 's get he ? Heather see the look of people clearly think she 's nut . but she do not give a shit . she realize now what 's happen in the brief moment she be asleep . heather ( low ) freddy ... nurse # 2 freddy ...? ( laugh ) who , freddy krueger or something ? just at that point the real Dr. hefner come in . take in the situation in a instant and ask heather my baby . freddy 's get my baby ! he 's get my Dylan ! the doctor seize Heather roughly by the arm and shake she until she look at he . dr . hefner Ms. langenkamp . I suggest you go home and get some rest . you son be fine . he 's be take downstairs for further testing . heather he be just here ! dr . hefner ( as to a retarded child ) he be here . you fall asleep . we take he . you look so exhaust , frankly , we do not wake you . besides , the young woman , Julie , be with he . believe I , everything be fine . heather everything be not fine ! and she bolt out of the room . hefner swear under she breath and snap to a nurse . dr . hefner call security . int . testing area corridor moving with heather hand -held . the woman in mid-argument with several nurse as she charge down the corridor . heather where be he ? testing nurse # 1 this be a restrict area . do you have a pass ?! the nurse try to grab Heather . Heather shove she away with a warning look . heather screw you pass ! just then Dr. hefner catch up . dr . hefner it 's all right , now ... Ms. langenkamp , just remain calm . ( glance to nurse ) tell we how we boy be do . the nurse flick a look at Heather . needle nurse he 's fine , actually . he come out of coma ten minute ago . ( just to hefner , lower ) it 's look like acute sleep deprivation . I do not think she ever let the kid get a night 's sleep . dr . hefner ( more to herself ) munchausen syndrome ...? Heather push over . heather what be you say ? where be he ? the door behind they open and two security guard appear . hefner stop they with a hand signal , hearing ... julie ( o.s. ) over here , Heather . Heather turn to see Julie , motion from a door . beam . julie ( cont would ) get someone here who want to see you ! int . testing room doorway Heather run into int . testing room Dylan 's wide awake on a small examination table , and the moment he see Heather he hold out he arm . close on they as they embrace , both speak in whisper , afford themselves the only privacy they can . heather you okay , champ ? dylan can we go get rex , now ? the bad man 's get awful close . heather I know he be , sweetie . we will both go get rex right now . she start to pick up Dylan , then stop . Dylan 's look over she shoulder . she turn and see Dr. hefner . dr . hefner I be afraid Dylan really should stay with we until we know what 's cause this episode , Ms. langenkamp . I be sure you understand . Heather look back to Dylan . motion for Julie to come in close with they . heather tell you what . I be gonna go get rex for you right now . you know home be not far from here , right ? dylan ( remember ) right ' cross the freeway . heather that 's right . so I will not be long . meanwhile Julie 's gonna be right here with you . julie you bet . Julie take he hand . Dylan seem to take comfort in that , but still he lean closer to Heather and beg . dylan hurry back , please . I be sleepy . heather promise . Cross my heart . ( kiss he ) but until mommy get back , Dylan , whatever you do , do not fall asleep . she turn to Julie . heather ( cont would ) do not let he out of you sight , Julie . and keep he awake ! Julie , thank God , accept this at face value . julie I will stick to he like glue , Heather . swear to God . int . testing room doorway Heather come out and start for the exit . but she do not get more than a few step before the two Security Guards come out of nowhere and take she by each elbow . heather hey ! and before she know it , Heather be hustle into the same dispensary where Dr. hefner patch she up earlier . and there the good doctor wait now . int . treatment room - continuous Heather be press into a chair by the guard . heather do you mind ... dr . hefner just a quick word , Ms. langenkamp . for Dylan 's sake . the security man post themselves at the door . Dr. hefner exchange a glance with the nurse , and they vanish from the room . Heather have no choice right now . dr . hefner ( cont would ) well , it 's be a exciting few day for you , have not it , Ms. langenkamp ? heather if you do not mind , I have get something more important to do than to make small talk . she start to rise but the doctor press she back down with a look that mean business . dr . hefner wo not you please be patient . all of this be just routine . int . testing room Julie and Dylan look up to see ... int . testing room doorway the two nurse enter . int . testing room dylan uh-oh ... Julie stand . one nurse go directly to a cabinet and begin rummage inside . the second walk past Julie to stand by Dylan . Julie , instantly alert , cross to the nurse at the cabinet as the woman pull out a very large needle and vial . nurse at cabinet would you mind step outside for just one moment , miss ? julie as a matter of fact , I would . what do you think you be do ? the nurse have already fill the syringe and now squirt out the air bubble . nurse at cabinet just a little shot to see that he get some sleep . julie no way . his mother specifically say ... the nurse move for Dylan . Julie grab she . the nurse just stop and look at she with a strange smirk of a smile . nurse at cabinet do it . dylan ( o.s. ) ow ! Julie spin around . the second nurse be just withdraw a needle of she own from Dylan 's arm , have catch both of they off-guard . nurse # 2 ( childlike ) all do . Dylan let out a little wail of despair . nurse at cabinet ( cont would ) he will be asleep in no time . mind let go of my arm . Julie go red . julie bitch ! and she bring around a leave hook that send the nurse reeling backwards ... int . testing room doorway and out the door . the woman land flat on she back in the hall ! int . testing room Julie stare in shock , hardly believe she 's do that . as the second nurse rear up behind she ... nurse # 2 hey ! you can not do that ! Julie grab the large syringe drop by the ko would nurse and level it at the other . nurse # 2 hold she own a moment , the two face each other needle to needle . julie I know what 's in that one . do you know what 's in this one ? ( nurse # 2 waver ) or what it will do when I stick you with it ? and I will ... she feint . nurse # 2 drop she syringe like a hot potato and int . testing room doorway run out the room ! Julie slam the door and lock it . then ... int . testing room she run to Dylan . julie Dylan . do not fall asleep ! Dylan ! int . treatment room - continuous Dr. hefner pull up a stool and sit directly before Heather , lean in closer still . dr . hefner Ms. langenkamp , have ... there be any use of recreational drug in you family ? or any history of mental disturbance ? Heather 's eye flash with barely suppress rage . heather what the hell be you ask ? the woman raise she hand in a practice non-threatening gesture . dr . hefner please do not take this wrong . but if there be , there 's a good chance Dylan could be suffer from something pass down to he . ( lean closer ) have you be suffer from any delusional event , Ms. langenkamp ? Heather start to stand again , but this time the security guard push she back down . Heather look back to Dr. hefner , a cold snake of fear now coiling up she spine . dr . hefner ( cont would ) this man from you film ... freddy krueger ... have you be see he ? heather no ! Heather look down . the bandage on she arm be seeping blood . she look back to hefner , a flick of desperation in she eye . dr . hefner there be drug and treatment , Ms. langenkamp . we could place Dylan in foster care for a short while . run some test on you ... Heather cut hefner off with a deadly cold wave of she hand . get up . bump against the guard . heather I want my kid out of here now ! dr . hefner very well . as soon as we gather the appropriate papers ... heather you do not understand . if Dylan fall asleep , then ... Heather turn at a o.s. SOUND int . testing room pounding on the door from the nurse outside , and Julie be shaking Dylan as hard as she can without hurt he . but despite all this , the injection be have its way . Dylan be sagging before she very eye . eyelid flutter , word slurring ... dylan where 's mommy ? where 's ... then he head loll onto he shoulder . close on he eye . close . then open just a crack , see something big and dark and awful rise behind Julie . something with long , vicious claw at the end of he gleam steel finger . dylan ( cont would ) ( faint ) Julie , behind you ! she turn . there 's nothing there for she to see . but dylan sees the claw raise over julie , then fall onto she like the scythe of the grim reaper himself . from our Pov , julie let out a scream and be haul up into mid-are by a invisible but horrible force just as int . testing room doorway the door behind burst open . the two nurse barge in , then freeze , see int . testing room a scream , writhing julie lift into the air by invisible hand , then flung to the floor . next moment she 's be drag bodily up the wall , leave a scarlet trail of life 's blood . Dylan jerk suddenly up into amulatory sleep . eye glaze , face rigid and pale . and Julie smashes to the floor behind he . the nurse scream at a terror they could never in a million year imagine int . testing room doorway and Dylan run out of the room and be go ! int . treatment room - continuous Heather , as the security guard react to the scream and race from the room , give one look to Dr. hefner . the woman freeze in fear . she then turn and bolt from the room . int . corridor heather race by camera as a nurse run from Julie 's room stop the security guard . nurse abbott forget it . nothing you can do there . call the cop . now ! the guard tear off in another direction . Heather race down to the testing room and look inside . heather' Pov blood everywhere . but no Dylan . int . corridor she turn to nurse # 2 . heather my son . do you see my son ? nurse # 2 ( in shock ) I ... think he be here ... I think ... then Dr. hefner 's there . not see yet into the room . dr . hefner no way he 's go anywhere . he 's be well sedate . heather he do not have to be awake to be on he foot . dr . hefner what ? heather he sleepwalk , you idiot ! he 's fully capable of walk out of this hospital . ( swallow , realize ) oh my God ... he think I have go home ... without another word she turn and run out . ext . hospital parking lot - night heather' volvo roar down the ramp and onto the street , narrowly miss a collision , scream off into the night . int . heather' volvo Heather drive as fast as she can , scan the street while she 's punch up a number on she carphone . it ring and be pick up by a sleepy JOHN saxon John saxon . do you have any idea what time it be ? heather John . it 's Heather . I need help ! JOHN saxon ( instantly alert ) you get it . what 's happen ? heather Dylan 's run away from the hospital . I do not know whether he 's wander around or head for the house . but I think freddy 's after he . I know it sound crazy ! JOHN saxon you be right . that sound crazy ! heather John . will you please just look for he around the hospital ? I be gonna go right to the house . ( near tear ) will you help I , John ? please ! there 's a beat . then . JOHN saxon I be on my way . you go home , Heather . that 's the smart thing to do . I will call you there ! now Heather be cry . heather thank you , John . I will never forget ... she do not get anything else . she see something so chill through she windshield , she just slam on the brake and stare in disbelief . int / ext . heather' volvo we zoom across the STREET to a embankment . up the embankment . to the tiny figure up there in cowboy pajamas . doggedly claw he way up through the weed and crest the hill . there , light now by the flare of a thousand headlight , be Dylan , stare across either lane of high - speed traffic . try to see he home ! ext . STREET / embankment - night Heather leap out of the car and scream at the top of she lung . heather dylannnnnnn !!!! angle with dylan on the edge of the freeway . traffic roaring by , wind rip through he hair . somehow in all this din he still hear he mother and turn . seeing her running across the STREET start up the steep embankment after he . heather ( cont would ) Dylan ! stay right there ! but then he look up and react . and in he Pov we see the night sky . a giant bank of cloud , move , twist , change into a huge , dark figure in a wide - brimm hat , peer out from behind the cloud in frightening silhouette . it look down on he with glow , leer eye . and then the huge steel claw poke through the very fabric of the night , rendering it asunder as the light of the full moon catch in they wick curve . without another choice , Dylan turn and run into traffic . instantly , there 's a blare of airhorn and semi-tractor trailer be scream down on he . momentarily blind by its headlight , Dylan barely manage to dance sideways enough , and the truck miss he by inch ! but this put Dylan directly in the path of a speed car come up in the next lane . he freeze , the car swerve and scream around he so close he clothes be ruffle by the wind ! on heather hearing the brake and horn . she convulse in horror and let out a scream of she own . then redouble she effort , claw she way over the fence and up the hill ! with dylan staggering for the median strip , three howling lane away ! with heather topping the embankment . in her Pov see in horror she son , miss and miss again by inch , unable to cross the last two lane . cutting with dylan as a huge clawe hand stab into frame , pluck he up and swinging he with merciless sport , in and out of the path of oncoming car ! back to heather about to start after he , then , to she amazement , seeing dylan no claw visible whatsoever , just lift into the air against all law of physics , nearly dash to oblivion time and time again . heather ( cont would ) freddy ! you bastard ! take I ! and she run straight for he ! a tanker truck slam on all brake , hews sideways . Heather see it come , turn and run for she life . but it 's come too fast . she dive , tuck and look up just in time to see the whole massive tanker sweep right over she head ! Cars be slew every which way , but she stumble back up and press on . her terror surpass only by she utter resolve to get to dylan the blade of the claw cut clear through he pj 's . he drop hard . he jump up and dart through a gap in the median fence . heather leap for she life as a station wagon blur past she without even see she . then she look up to see a second car , brake smoking and scream , come right at she ! she 's too paralyze by fear to move , and the car hit she just before it stop , knock she fly . a moment later the freeway on she side grind to a halt . already people be out of they car and run to she aid . but on the other side of the median strip , the brake be still scream ! with dylan look back to he mother 's side . then see dozen and dozen of freddy suddenly peer at he over the brink of the median wall . Dylan turn and run , and somehow , by absolute miracle , make it to the far side , plunging down the embankment ! with heather daze , but fight she way up . she pull away from the help arm and stagger after she son ! ext . heather' STREET - night Heather stumble and limp down the street , bloody and bruise , but move . she stop in front of she house . the front door be open . she run in int . kitchen / den heather Dylan !!! she listen , hear something , then see the shadow of a man ease out from the dark kitchen ! she give a scream and shrink back . then see it 's JOHN saxon JOHN saxon Holy ... heather where 's Dylan ?! have you see he ? saxon try to soothe she . JOHN saxon relax , Nancy . relax ! he point . Heather , not know what the hell 's go on with he use Nancy 's name , turn and look : dylan toddle out of he room , hold he guard dinosaur , rex . the child 's eye be still glaze , and he 's definitely not awake , but he 's sing softly ... dylan one two , freddy 's come ... freddy 's come ... Heather race over and hug he . so hard saxon 's afraid she will hurt the kid . JOHN saxon what in the world happen ? Heather just hug Dylan , try not to cry . heather I know how chase really die . JOHN saxon what be you talk about ? heather Fred krueger do it . JOHN saxon yeah , sure . Heather look at Dylan . heather you see he , do not you , Dylan !? dylan ( in deep trance ) come for you ... saxon gently pull Heather away . JOHN saxon hey , come outside a minute . I need to talk to you . he pull she up and march she towards the front door . heather Dylan ! Dylan , suck he thumb now , have turn to stare back at he bedroom , apparently not hearing she . JOHN saxon Jesus , what the hell 's go on , Nancy ? heather look at he , daze . saxon pull she outside and close the door . ext . heather' front yard something be different . Heather register it subconsciously the moment they be through the door , but she 's too focus on saxon 's strange misnomer for she ... heather John , why be you call I Nancy ? saxon look at she . JOHN saxon why be you call I John ? she glance back at the house , try to see Dylan . can not . she look back at saxon , and react in shock ! he 's stare back at she from in front of a unmarked police car with its magnetic dome light flash . that of we with a good memory might even realize that it 's the identical car that lt . thompson drive in nightmare I . and even more mind - boggle , he 's now dress in the wardrobe of Lt. Thompson from the same film ! JOHN saxon / lt . thompson Nancy , you gotta get hold of yourself before you make both yourself and that kid nut . Heather weave slightly , not know what kind of sick joke this be but determine to wrestle it back into a reality she can deal with . heather John ... ( saxon stop , look at she pain and confuse ) would you call Robert ? he stare at she . JOHN saxon / lt . thompson Robert ? heather Robert englund . you know . the actor who play freddy ? saxon / Lt. Thompson grow instantly guard . JOHN saxon / lt . thompson freddy who ? heather you know who . freddy krueger . saxon / Lt. Thompson color , then , struggle to keep he voice control . JOHN saxon / lt . thompson freddy 's dead , Nancy . now do not lose it like you mother . Heather step back , stung . saxon / Lt. Thompson instantly regret have say that . come back and hug Heather fiercely . JOHN saxon / lt . thompson I love you , sweetheart . do not ever forget that . he turn and get in the car . heather I love you too , daddy ... tear spring to she eye and for some reason she give a deep shudder , as we ... int . dylan be room - night dylan be bed , as something start to rise from under its blanket . something big and powerful . rising to a full man 's height and still come . and then the claw be poke through , break out . and we see freddy , a hulk , dark silhouette of pure evil . ext . outside elm STREET house - night close on saxon / lt . thompson and heather / heather , saxon lean out of the car . JOHN saxon / lt . thompson now get yourself some rest , Nancy ... please ? he start the engine and siren . then the dome light . he roar away . Heather stare after he in shock a moment , then realize that everything be different . this be not she front yard at all . even she wardrobe have change . she 's now wear the same pajamas she wear in we open boiler room nightmare . she feel the cold chill up she spine . turn around and look at she house . the house on elm STREET stare back at she . its window bar . its front door swinging open in the wind . then she hear she child 's scream . heather Dylan ! she race inside and the iron reinforce door slam shut behind she ! int . heather' house - night interestingly , it 's still Heather 's house inside . she shake herself to make sure she 's not dream ... heather Dylan ? no answer . she cross to the kitchen and pick up the large kitchen knife she can find . then she become aware of the television set . she react in shock . her Pov of tv screen Nancy and Lt. Thompson ( Heather and John saxon ) mid-dialogue from the final moment of nightmare I , and what they say on - screen match exactly what they have just say in the previous scene . nancy ( tv ) Fred krueger do it , daddy . lo. thompson ( tv ) yeah , sure ... the transformation be complete . int . heather' house - night then she notice something on the floor . she stop and pick it up . heather ( see what it be ) Dylan 's sleep pill ... she look again . there 's another . and farther on , another . a trail , lead towards Dylan 's room . int . dylan be room - night Heather enter . knife ready , turn on the light and pick up another capsule . then she notice two thing : the disembowel remain of rex flung on the floor near the foot of the bed , and then still another pill , on the blanket near the pillow . she pick this pill up . then , on impulse , lift the blanket and look under . two more pill , on in the middle , one far down towards the bottom . she pull the blanket all the way back . nothing but bed , then floor . then Heather realize ... heather he 's give I the only way I can join he . she close she eye and take the pill . all of they . swallow . turn back to the bed , lift the cover again . in her Pov under the cover there 's another pill there now , so far down she have to get under the blanket to reach it . she tuck the knife in she belt and crawl under . under the blanket Heather pick up the capsule , start to squiggle back out , then , again on impulse , lift the blanket at the very bottom of the bed . int . trick bed / chute and this time , instead of the edge of the mattress and floor beyond , only more sheet be reveal . go on another five or six foot . and sloping downward . and down there , near the place where sheet and blanket come together , be another pill . Heather start down for it . with her down there now completely within the softly glow tent of blanket , pitch downward awkwardly , she pick up the pill and take it and the other . and just ... have to lift the blanket and check if there 's one more . what be reveal be a steep slope of sheet drop away sharply into what could be infinity , it go so far . Heather draw back , intimidate . yawn and start to crawl back out . then hear the voice from down there . dylan ( distant ) mommmeeee ! and then the unmistakable laughter of freddy . Heather close she eye and dive forward without hesitation . moving with her a wild , half over -her - shoulder , half Pov shot plunging down a well of bedding into darkness and then ruddy light wet stone wall shoot by at great speed , then a ancient stone facade Heather fly out of a stone flume in this wall amid coursing water , pitching out into thin air and out of frame ! int . freddy boiler room up angle to a toothe rectangle in some ancient ceiling . above be darkness , out of which fall Heather / Nancy . she plunge down into the deep , fetid water of some horrendous catch of basin . she surface , gasp and half drown , look around . she find herself light in hellish hue by the flame lick through a monumental wall of furnace behind she . Galleries of stone and vista of a city of night stretch out in all direction . the heavy drizzle of condense steam be everywhere . and there be a palpable feel of ... evil heather d... Dylan ? her only answer be the horrific SOUND of steel nail scratching along steel . a sound a thousand time worse than fingernails on a chalkboard ! she reach under the red water , come up with the butcher knife . then turn and splashes towards the last sound . she search the vast room , then stop , hearing the faintest ... dylan ( o.s. ) mommy ? she race across the chamber towards the wall of flame , and there at its base be dylan . crouched alone in front of a huge furnace , backlit by the angry flame . and he 's hold something . a sheaf of papers . and the whole dimension fall quiet as he hold it out to she ... Heather start for he , then warily stop , alert for a trap . heather Dylan , where 's the man ? dylan ( indicate the sheaf of papers ) here . she splashes to he . drop the knife on a sill of a furnace and take he in she arm . close on the two a long , tender embrace . Heather look at he face . he seem alright . then she look at the papers in he hand . heather what ... what be that ? dylan a story ? Heather find herself seize by the strangest compulsion to look , despite where she be . she open a page towards the back at random . and smile grimly . heather yes . it 's a story . a story for a movie . dylan read I some ? Heather just shake she head , incredulous at the eerie accuracy of the write ... heather ( read ) " at last he mother find he . she give he a long , happy hug . and then look at the page . ' Story ? ' the little boy ask . ' yes , ' say he mother . ' a story of we . ' and the mother take the book and begin to read . " ( Heather look at he and laugh ' read more ) " and as she begin to read , from behind she there come ... there come ... " she stiffen , realize , twist around and at the same split second he strike . the true freddy , huge and dark and incredibly fast . slam into she and lift she up in he claw hand . snatch away the script and fling it into the fire . freddy meet you maker ! he lift he arm to strike , then let out the most GOD awful scream imaginable ! low angle on dylan down there on the deck with the big knife jamme into the back of freddy 's right knee ! freddy go down like a fall seqouia claw for the child . dylan spring backwards barely out of reach of the monster Heather leap onto the monster 's back , pull he off . and Dylan be free . heather run , Dylan ! and run he do . freddy twist Heather around and fling she across the room into a stone pillar . Heather hit hard and do not move . freddy turn and sees dylan dodging through a archway and disappear . freddy pull out the knife and fling it away . take off after he like a tiger after a fawn . moving with dylan through this lowest level of hell . Fire and steam and gush water the only element , splash through to a low staircase , turn to see freddy huge and fierce , splash after he , claw flash ! dylan turn and run deeper into the light of fire , reach . a final chamber a huge furnace end the passage . with one last look over he shoulder tell he he must do something fast . Dylan climb like a little monkey and disappear into the maw of the huge furnace . this one not fire up but still light from within by a huge pilot flame . int . furnace Dylan jump the flame and land singe but safe on the far side of the fire pit , safe for the moment as freddy slam into the open of the furnace , reach for he . and though he 's too big to get in fast , he claw be inching closer and closer , inch now from the boy 's body ! int . first room Heather drag herself up , half dead , but hearing the scream of dylan turn to see freddy head and shoulder inside the distant furnace . she race back and retrieve the knife . int . furnace Dylan look behind , spy a access port barely larger than he head , lead outside the furnace . know it 's he only chance , he instantly squeeze himself into it just as freddy claw snag he pajamas , pull he back . int . middle chamber Heather splashes through the ankle deep water , come fast with blood in she eye ! she reach the stair and suddenly sink to she knee in sticky goo , flail and claw to pull herself free ! int . furnace freddy , light like a demon in hell by the flame of the pilot , reeling the kid in inch by inch . freddy gonna eat you up ... he have Dylan now , pull he up to he face , open he mouth wider and wider , unhing he jaw like some horrendous snake , when suddenly he convulse and drop Dylan then let out a wail . outside furnace Heather have make it there in time and have the knife bury deep between freddy 's leg , she body block sight of exactly where . but we get the idea . she shove it hard and twist . freddy howl and fill the world . inside furnace Dylan squeeze through a tiny aperture ! vent passage just outside furnace Dylan look and see he Pov down this narrow passage and through a grill to Heather , push at freddy 's kick foot ! Dylan rush to help outside the furnace the side vent grill pop and Dylan jump out , and at the same instant freddy pull he leg fully inside in terrify panic . together , heather and dylan slam the main furnace door and bolt it . the scream be deafen . Heather back away , horrify . but Dylan climb right up on the furnace , reach for the rusted iron lever just above the door and pull down hard ! instantly there 's a deep rumble and the furnace fill with a huge gout of flame ! the child fall back amid deafen scream from inside the furnace . Heather sweep Dylan up and stagger off ! inside the furnace inside the flame , as freddy 's scream roar and a huge , gargantuan freddy start to outglow the flame themselves ! flame sprout from he arm and claw . his head blossom with light and then he 's blindingly brilliant , rise , whiting out the screen , and he scream turn to terrifying laughter . the we ... int . dylan be room - first light his bed , as the blanket bump up yet again , and Dylan and Heather fall out onto the floor . Heather , wet , shiver and bloody , turn and pull the blanket completely off the bed , wrapping it around herself and she child . and of course there be nothing behind they now but ... bed . Heather turn to Dylan and pull he head against she breast . she look to the clock . it change from 6:59 am to 7:00 . then she look to the floor . there 's something there , bound loosely with three brad . she pick it up and open it . a script . finish now . she look at its top page cu of title page ne7 - the ascension star : Heather langenkamp ....... as herself Robert englund ........... as himself continue rolling credit ...