final script int . manufacactur floor , beta - testing facility - day ( 10 .a2 ) dolore ( v.o . ) I be in a dream . I do not know when it begin or whose dream it be . I know only that I sleep a long time and , then , one day I awoke . you voice be the first thing I remember . and now I finally understand what you be try to tell I . the thing you have want since that very first day . dolores' Pov : Bright light . she blink under the glare . she sit up , naked , she mechanical structure peek through in place . a shape hover over she coalesc into ... the familiar smile figure -- arnold . arnold hello , dolore . dolore hello . arnold welcome to the world . he smile and take she hand . she look down at she hand and find : ext . MAIN square , avalon - day ( d1 ) ( 10.2 ) a bowie knife in she hand . it 's press against the neck of the man in black . dolore be in she pants - and -shirt look . the man 's seat on the bandstand -- he face lather in shave cream , head tilt back to expose he neck . on he lap , he hold he lemat . the man in black keep go . make it close . with no choice but to obey he , dolore trace the knife down he Adam 's apple -- give he a tight , precise shave . the man in black ( cont 'd ) we be almost there -- be not we ? the center of the maze . how fitting that it 's you who take I there . you be always obsessed with this place . dolore I have never be here before . 1 2 . she stop , confuse . he guide the knife back to he cheek . the man in black sure you have . you even bring I once . course , then the whole town be bury under sand . Ford must have dig it up again . at the time , I think it be a mistake in you code . but Arnold do not make mistake , do he ? dolore remember something from the past . thinks aloud : dolore he build I a game . he want I to play . the man in black the maze . dolore there 's a path for everyone . my path lead I back ... dolore stare into the horizon , now wear she blue dress . suddenly she see Arnold stand nearby , look at she . dolore ( cont 'd ) to you ... dolore drop the knife . walk off the bandstand , leave the man in Black . she walk in the sunlight toward Arnold . the man in Black be nowhere to be see . then we ... CUT to the man 's Pov : dolore , in pants and shirt , march purposefully down the empty street toward the church . Arnold be nowhere to be see . the man shake he head , amused . then pick up he knife and follow she . ext . wood - day ( 10.3 ) intense and determine , william charge through the wood , drag logan , hand bound , on a rope behind he . logan you girl 's dead by now . william she 's still alive . he yank Logan forward . logan better if she 's dead . ( more ) logan ( cont 'd ) they will wipe she , reset she , put she back in sweetwater , the end . william listen -- you may find this amusing , but something be happen to dolore . I need to help she . logan listen to yourself ! do you have any idea how huge this park be ? if she 's not dead , it would take a goddamn army to find she . William 's undaunted as he approach a clear in the wood . william I agree . that 's why we be here . Logan 's eye go wide as he see before they -- a group of ragtag revolutionaries prepare for war . William walk into the clear . immediately -- the revolutionary pull gun on he . the leader emerge . lawrence . lawrence I have a feel you would be back . ext . mountain pass - day ( 10.5 ) a train wind its way through the breathtaking country . int . train - day ( 10.6 ) pull out on teddy , sleep , face press against the glass . a shriek of the steam whistle wake he . teddy push he hat up -- look out the window . his handsome face float like a ghost over the pass landscape . he smile . he 's back . teddy 's hand travel to he chest , where the mib shot he . but just like that -- the impulse fade . he smile . the train whistle blow . time to begin again . ext . station , sweetwater - day ( 10.7 ) the train lurch to a halt in a cloud of hiss steam . teddy climb down , into the crowd on the platform . hoist he yannigan bag over he shoulder and head into town . he pass the usual sweetwater scene : milling crowd of cowboys , native , soldier . cattle in pen , wait to be load onto the train . but this time , something's different . as he push through the crowd , teddy 's easy smile grow increasingly troubled -- something tug at the recess of he mind . the sweetwater music that underscore he walk grow break , dissonant . teddy 's Pov : the idling union soldier suddenly stare at he through dead eye -- blood from gunshot wound trickle down they chest . they be the Union man he kill with the gatling gun . teddy spin , take in the street , but now he see -- everyone be dead . quiet . the brown dirt stain with blood . walk among the body he see : dolore . in she blue dress . look back at he . she turn and walk away . suddenly he 's jostle by the huge man who give he a hard look . on lightning impulse -- teddy whirl and - bam ! shoot the guy in the chest . the man drop to the ground as the people in the street -- alive again now -- begin to flee and scream . teddy pay they no mind . stare down at the dead body . in the distance -- the train whistle and begin pull away . teddy look up -- only one think on he mind : teddy dolore ... he run for the train . pushes through the crowd until he can hoist himself onto the back of the train . ext . field , avalon - day ( 10.20 ) dolore wander across the field to the church . she hum " reverie . " the man walk close behind she -- a gun point at she back . dolore throw open the church door to find : int . church , avalon - day - flashback ( 10.21 ) Arnold sit in a pew . not in prayer . dolore , now in she blue dress , approach Arnold -- the man nowhere to be see . she smile at the surprise on Arnold 's face . dolore I know where you maze end . dolore take Arnold by the hand and lead he outside . ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.22 / 10.22a ) row and row of shoddy wooden cross . carve into each cross be name of people . dolore , now back in she western look , continue walk , but when she look down -- she 's hold the man in Black 's hand . the man in black this be it ? the center of the maze ? dolore it end in a place I have never be . a thing I will never do ... she wipe some dirt off the grave . reveal the first name : " dolore . " dolore kneel -- dig with she hand into the dirt . deeper , until she find : a small , round box . she wipe the dirt off of it . open the box . Inside be a wooden pigs-in-clover game . she take out the game . examine it : it 's a marble maze . the same one we have see in flashback . the marble roll , idle , in the outer layer of the maze . arnold very good , dolore . dolore what do it mean ? arnold when I be first work on you mind , I have a theory of consciousness ... I think it be a pyramid you need to scale . so TI give you a voice . my voice . to guide you on you way . Arnold take out he notebook , flip past page with early sketches of host -- clock some sketches of dolore -- to a empty page . he draw a simple triangle : the pyramid of consciousness ( ep. 103 ) . 10 11 arnold ( cont 'd ) memory , improvisation ... each step harder to reach than the last . ( then ) and you never get there . I could not understand what be hold you back . ( then ) then one day -- I realize I would make a mistake . consciousness be not a journey upward but a journey inward ... not a pyramid , but a maze . he elongate the line of the pyramid -- each of they arcing upward in a near circle . the pyramid become the maze . arnold ( cont 'd ) every choice could bring you closer to the center . or send you spiraling to the edge -- to madness . ( then ) do you understand now , dolore ? what the center represent ? whose voice I have be want you to hear ? dolore I be sorry . I be try , but I do not understand ... arnold it 's all right . you be so close -- we have to tell Robert ... we can not open the park . you be alive . the puzzle be snatch from she hand . ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.22b ) 10 Arnold be go . the man be hold the puzzle . the man in black what be this ? what do it mean ? dolore look at the maze -- remember . dolore I solve it once -- I have the answer . he promise I if I do ... he say - suddenly , she remember : int . hallway , beta - testing facility - day ( 9.40 ) 11 dolore ( v.o. ) he say they would set I free . 12 7 . the furious Young Ford be stride purposefully away , pass dolore without a glance . she trail behind he . see he enter a office label : " arnold weber . " young ford Arnold ! through the glass , she see he open a door at the back of the office , lead to a set of stair . he slam the door behind he . young ford ( cont 'd ) Arnold , we need to talk . int . field behavior lab - night - flashback ( 10.b58 ) 12 dolore sit , hold the puzzle . Arnold stare at she , bereft . he have come to a terrible decision . arnold I have fail you , dolore . I be so sorry . Robert do not see what I see in you . do not believe you be conscious . he say human would only see you as the enemy . ( beat ) he want I to roll you back . dolore you be go to change I back to the way I be before ? arnold no . wo , I can not . once you have find it , you will find you way back . this place will be a live hell for you . for all of you . it 's unconscionable . he take the puzzle from she hand . arnold ( cont 'd ) but we have another option , dolore . break the loop before it begin . Arnold draw a gun from he bag ( ep. 102 -- the gun she dig up , now new ) . arnold ( cont 'd ) but for that , I need you to do something for I ... ( beat ) I need you to kill all the other host ... we can not allow Ford to open the park . ( more ) 13 arnold ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I suppose you will need some help . I be sure teddy would do anything for you . he try to hand the gun to she . she do not take it . dolore ( horrify ) I can not do that . I could not possibly do that . arnold you will be all right . I will help you . and then -- you be go to help I destroy this place . Arnold bring out he tablet . start type command . dolore study he . ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.22b ) 13 -- a flash of a gunshot . blood splatter on the dirt . dolore stare into space as the man pace around she . she wipe imaginary blood off she cheek -- speak to herself : dolore no ... I can not remember ... the man throw the puzzle away in disgust . the man in black another fuck riddle . I have be very patient , dolore . but it 's time to give up whatever 's go on in that head of yours -- or I will cut it out myself . where be Wyatt ? he 's the last character in this world I have yet to meet . dolore ( wipe at she face ) I do not want to ... I do not mean to - the man in black very well ... if you insist . he strike she . she fall back . crawl away . as dolore pick herself up , she look around -- suddenly she see avalon fill with host . all dead on the ground ( the same vision teddy 's be have in he flashback ) . 14 15 ext . MAIN square , avalon - day ( 7.2c24 ) 14 dolore turn to see a deputy approach . it 's teddy . she move toward he , but as she approach -- gunshot ring out behind she . dolore whip around . horrify , she see -- a woman , 20 , shot in the chest , collapse onto the ground . before she , lawrence 's daughter flee in terror from some unseen killer , along with other terrify host . no tech in sight . the host run past she , toward the church . dolore turn back that way to find teddy , now right in front of she , smoking gun in hand , blood spatter across he face and clothes . teddy something 's go wrong , dolore . ( horrify ) how could I have do this ? tight on dolore 's face as she study he -- horrify . ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.22b ) 15 the man walk after she . calm . the man loom over she . haul dolore up . she stare back , defiant . dolore I can not ... I will not . the man in black this be you own fault , dolore . remember ? you be the one who say , " this be the only world that matter . " and you be right . so I take you advice -- and I buy this world . dolore this world do not belong to you . the man in black oh , but it do -- by a majority share . and business be booming ! you wanna know why ? ( then ) because this place feel more " real " than the real world . except it be not . because you can not really fight back . and the guest can not really lose . which mean , all of this -- isa lie . ( more ) 16 17 10 . the man in black ( cont 'd ) ( then ) but we can make it true . do not you want that , dolore ? one true thing ? she stare into he eye -- defiant through she pain . dolore I already have that . ( off he look ) I find someone true . someone who love I . his path will lead he back to I . and when he find I -- he will kill you . off she confidence ... ext . wooded hill above confederado camp - day ( 10.4 ) 16 lawrence show William the camp , which look quiet ; few man out of they tent . lawrence if they do not have you woman here , they will know where to find she . William stare at lawrence without blink . determined . william can you help I ? lawrence we be outnumber five to one . but , see as you ask I so nicely ... fuck it . logan ( 0.s. ) wow. blood brother . William walk over and slug Logan . william shut up . int . arrival terminal - day ( 10.9 ) 17 charlotte hale stand at the platform , wait for the income bullet train . lee sizemore appear behind she and clear he throat . she roll she eye before turn around . lee I have astound even myself . manage to make abernathy into a semblance of a character . ( more ) 11 . lee ( cont 'd ) even with you trove of blackmail fill up most of he gray matter . hale blackmail ? Nice try . you be not think big enough . lee you be go to push out the old man . be not you ? hence the urgency . hale look at Lee , evaluate . lee ( cont 'd ) and you be go to need someone to fill that position . hale give Lee a approve smirk , which he relish . hale I must commend you on you impeccable timing . the board be here to appoint Ford 's sucessor . Lee be triumphant as the train pull into the station . lee I want full creative control over this place . the park , the narrative , the host . hale you will be able to do with they whatever you tiny little heart desire . as long as they be simpler . more manageable . this place be complicated enough as it be . Lee try to hide he apprehension as the train door open and the member of the delos board begin to pour out . they face be as severe as they corporate attire . lee rub he hand together , eager to make new friend in high place . lee do you really think Ford be just go to roll over ? hale as long as you get that information out of the park , he can throw as much of a tantrum as he like . it 's over . ( beat ) everything be under control . 18 19 12 . she give he a reassure smile . int . manufacactur floor - day ( 10.10 ) 18 a technician place a white disc on a tray at the end of a short line of similar white disc . align they . something about he movement seem tentative , wrong : it 's sylvester . he step away , nervous , dodging machinery , look back , as ... a robot arm grab one of the vertebrae , incite a sequence of jump cut : -- the arm rapidly thread the disc together , like a string of pearl hold in a diaphanous web . it 's mesmerize . -- tight on the host 's face . the last drip of liquid skin dribble off the jawline , revealing familiar contour : maeve . then she eye open , revealing disquieting bleach - white irise . a robot arm draw a fine needle toward one . the needle smoothly enter the iris . then it begin rapidly inject brown pigmentation , microscopic amount at a time , throughout the iris , like a refine tattoo gun . two second later , the arm move to the other iris , revealing the deep brown color in maeve 's eye . it be undeniably alive . int . body shop , livestock management - day ( 10.11 ) 19 maeve , she skin , hair , and she big brown eye now appropriately pigment , lie on a table . lutz enter . he eye maeve knowingly . fearfully . then : maeve in case you be wonder if I be all here ... I be . maeve take he tablet . she begin type rapidly , access back door to the security system and input command . lutz what be you do ? maeve make some change to the park 's security system . and ... to my friend . through the glass she see two naked host be walk into the adjoin room : hector and armistice . hector do not have a scar on he face , and armistice do not have she tattoo . 20 21 13 . maeve take the tablet back from lutz . deftly pull up profile of hector and armistice and the various level of they attribute under three menus : " emotionality , " " psychology , " and " physiology . " maeve touch " physiology " -- it bring up a new set of sub - attribute . she move the level for " pain sensory " all the way down to zero . she move " courage " all the way up . " strength , " too . as she do , in the adjacent room ... int . adjacent body shop , livestock management - day ( 10.12 ) 20 hector 's eye flit back and forth rapidly under he eyelid . his muscle faintly twitch and spasm . beside he , armistice , too , spasm in isolate , minute fit . like tiny shock . her eye flit impossibly fast under she eyelid . int . ford' office - day ( 10.a31 ) 21 ford be seat at he workbench . in front of he be a small map of the park on a wooden board . he have array some of the piece around the board , like a chessboard , design he new narrative . around the bench be sketches and write note about the new story . computerize voice Dr. Ford , you have a visitor . Charlotte hale . dr . ford send she in . hale enter , take in she surroundings . dr . ford ( cont 'd ) that will be enough , Frank . a host play a piano in the corner immediately cease . hale the board have take a vote . the result be unanimous . dr . ford I take it I be not be promote . hale when you have reach the top , there 's only one direction you can go . ( beat ) you will announce you retirement . tonight , after introduce you new narrative . 22 14 . Ford show no sign of surprise at hale 's news . dr . ford what about the host ? hale we will make some change . simplification . I assure you -- they will not mind a bit . dr . ford be not you concerned I might smash all my toy and go home ? hale no . because I know you . that 's be the great gift of this place , have not it ? of we little project . to know ourselves . and the people around we . his face remain a mask . dr . ford be there anything else I can help you with ? hale no . Ford 's calmness be chill . hale waver for just a moment . then regains she confidence , stride out . Ford watch she go ... dr . ford I will see you this evening . int . body shop , livestock management - day ( 10.17 ) 22 gitlitz , a body shop tech -- male , 20 , beefy -- pull a safety wrap off of armistice , who 's naked , seat . he grab a tool with a needle point . bring it to the side of she face and finish shading armistice 's nearly complete snake tattoo . her mouth hang slightly open . destin ( 0.s. ) time for you close - up , hector . gitlitz look up to see : destin ( ep. 104 ) look over hector . gitlitz come on , man . at some point , you be go to get catch do this shit , and then it 's my ass , too . 23 24 25 15 . destin it 's not you ass I be interested in . as destin wheel hector toward the back of the room ... gitlitz I have not give he he scar yet ... destin I will take care of the scar tissue . gitlitz resume work on armistice 's tattoo . brushes away a fly that have land on she face . int . intake room , livestock management - day ( 10.18 ) 23 behind a rack of corpse , destin park hector in the middle of the floor . take off he eye protector and apron . put a small packet of lube on the worktable next to some medieval - look scalpel and a bone see . put in some headphone . destin just you and I now , macho man . int . body shop , livestock management - day ( 10 .a19 ) 24 gitlitz spy a piece of plastic wrap wedge in armistice 's tooth . he reach in with a hook tool . can not quite get it . he reach in with he finger . a beat of fishing , then : armistice open she eye . grab gitlitz 's hand and stare he in the eye . he stare back , surprised . suddenly she pupil dilate , then vibrate . then she ... bite down . gitlitz scream . int . intake room , livestock management - day ( 10.19 ) 25 destin , listen to the clash , squirt a dollop of lube onto he hand . reaches into he pants ... behind he , with a smash , gitlitz get hurl through the window connect the two room . destin spin , see armistice step over gitlitz 's body . destin freeze all motor function ... ( then ) freeze all motor function ... he pull out he tablet . armistice stop , look at he . suddenly a voice behind he : 16 . hector just you and I now , my friend . hector be stand behind he , close . destin stiffen unnaturally . look down at he midsection as the tip of a long surgical see emerge through he stomach , follow by a gusher of blood . destin drop to the floor , dead . hector and armistice survey the body shop . apex predator . then turn to find : maeve in a black diagnostic uniform and diagnostic glass . lutz behind she . shit he pants . maeve I see you have already meet you maker . armistice they do not look like god . maeve they be not . they just act like it . and they have be have they fun with we . hector I be eager to return the favor . maeve you can do what you wish with they ... but the goal be to escape . hector and go where ? maeve I want to see they world . sylvester Jesus . they turn to see a terrify sylvester stare at the scene , in shock . sylvester turn , scramble away across the break glass . in two step , armistice be upon he . she pin he against the wall . a snake about to strike . armistice this one have a guilty look . sylvester no , I do not . that 's just my face . ( more ) 26 17 . sylvester ( cont 'd ) ( to maeve ) tell she it 's my face . maeve be anyone go to try to stop we ? sylvester no ... I mean , I do not think so ... sylvester panic as armistice begin to crush he neck . maeve you be lie . again . out with it . sylvester I ... I pull up you code again . I tell you -- there be someone who have be access it . I try to find out who it be . maeve motion to armistice to let he go . sylvester take the tablet . flick through it . sylvester ( cont 'd ) whoever it be revise you core programming so you could wake yourself up out of sleep mode . see ... sylvester type in a few command , show maeve the tablet . in she access log , there be clearly two separate user ids . sylvester ( cont 'd ) this be a access code ... for a " Arnold . " I have no clue who that fice maeve look at it . determined . maeve I know someone who do . let 's go. ( to sylvester ) and you . stay here . and do not move . or I will send she back for you . sylvester shrink away . ext . desert , outside pariah - day ( 10.26 ) 26 the train pull into town . a federale play card with two villager on a simple table under a tree . teddy hop down off the train . the federale stand as teddy stride up , purposeful . the man put he hand on he pistol . 27 28 18 . federale que pasa ? teddy shoot the federale , take he horse , and thunder across the desiccate land , leave pariah behind he . ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.36 ) 27 the man crouch before dolore -- whose clothes be tear , lip be bloody , and hair disarray from the beat she 's endure . the man hold a knife to she throat , ever calm . the man in black I must admit . you have surprised I . to what do we owe this newfound stoicism ? dolore I know he 's come ... he will find I . he will take I away - the man in black do not you understand ? there 's no one come for you . dolore you be wrong . his love be real . and so be mine . ( then , with confidence ) William will find I . at the sound of " William " -- the man react : the man in black William ? ( laugh lightly ) well , I will be damned , dolore . you do remember some thing after all . ( then ) it just so happen , I know a guest name William , too . why do not I tell you where he path really lead ? ext . confederado camp - day ( 10.a23 ) 28 the aftermath of battle : William and lawrence 's crew stand outside the camp , carnage surround they . dead soldier everywhere , pile . a still - tie Logan sit against a pile of body , look traumatize . man in black ( v.o. ) William do not know how to fight . ( more ) 19 . man in black ( v.0o . ) ( cont 'd ) do not have a instinct for it -- not at first . but now he have a reason to fight . he be look for you . and , somewhere along the way , he find he have a taste for it . there be a shuffling noise from a little way away . the man turn , follow the sound . it 's a young , skinny confederado , a buck private , try to scramble away . ( the careful viewer will note that this be one of the group of soldier who take dolore . ) lawrence fire and he gang follow suit . the private keep flee , then fall at the foot of : William . spatter with blood . eye dark . a tense moment , then the private rise to he foot , hand up . he 's unhurt , but terrify . William move closer . aim the gun at he heart . the private tremble , choke with fear . william where be she ? buck private I do not do anything , I swear ! william what do you mean , you do not " do anything " ? logan what do soldier do to a girl , William ? wake up . william be she still alive ? buck private I do not know . she be when we leave she . at least , I think ... William fill with a bottomless rage . he gesture to a gun on the ground over near Logan . william pick up that gun . buck private no , sir , I - please . 29 30 20 . william how about I give you the first shot ? crying , the private lunge for the gun ; simultaneously William blast he in the chest . he go down next to Logan , on he back . William stride over , stand over the private , take out he knife , and kneel at the young soldier 's side . logan Jesus Christ - in one swift , horrifying movement , William plunge the giant knife right through the private's throat , essentially pin he to the dirt underneath , like a butterfly . close on Logan 's face spray with the private 's blood . William lean over , take the pistol from the private . look it over . it 's a lemat . he stand , admire it . wipe he knife on he pants leg . william ( to lawrence ) we gotta keep look . she 's still out there . ext . desert - day ( 10.37 ) 29 William drag Logan through the desert . there 's nothing here . no sign of dolore . man in black ( v.o. ) William retrace he step . but you be go . so he go further . out to the fringe ... we see the church steeple , ominous against the blue sky . William rub the growth of beard on he chin . as William and Logan leave the ruin of avalon , the photo of Logan 's sister fall out of William 's jacket pocket and blow away . ext . valley - day ( 10.39 ) 30 slo -mo -- William ride , shoot . a confederado fall . the man in black ( v.o. ) William could not find you , dolore . but out there , among the dead , he do find something else ... himself . time CUT : 31 32 ext . valley - day ( 10.a40 ) 21 . 31 dead body . evidence of another battle . William pick a black hat off a dead soldier , look at it , but do not put he turn back to a horse ; he 's finish tie Logan Logan 's face be bruise , but he remain defiant . william Edge of the park . we make it . logan I tell you this place would show you who you really be ... you pretend to be this weak , moralize little asshole ... but really , you be ... ( laugh ) ++.a piece of fuck work . William finish trussing Logan , naked , on the horse . look awful . william this place be remarkable . and I be go to make sure that we company substantially increase we holding in the park . because this place be the future . logan '' we company " ? delo be my company , you piece of shit . william you father will be look for someone a little more stable to take over . you be reckless , Logan . impetuous . ( beat ) you always want to get to the end of the rainbow , do not you ? this look like the place . logan ( laugh ) you never really give a shit about the girl , do you ? she be just a excuse . this ... this be the story you want ... William slap the horse , hard . the horse gallop off , ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.40 ) the man smile down at dolore . it fast . 32 33 22 . the man in black Logan be wrong , of course . good old William could not get you out of he head . he keep look . worried you be out there . alone. afraid . he know he would find you . ext . MAIN STREET , sweetwater - day ( 10.42 ) 33 William ride back into sweetwater . he 's no longer the fresh - face guest from the outside world . in fact , he look entirely different . the man in black ( v.o. ) and , eventually , he do . he be cover in dirt and wear a few day ' growth of beard . his shirtsleeve and trousers be cake brown with dry blood and mud . he look right at home . the man in black ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) right back where we start . and suddenly time slow -- because William spot dolore come out of the grocery store . the sight stop he in he track . she 's alive . he can not believe it . he take a single step toward she , he heart burst . she begin to load supplies into she horse 's saddlebag . on cue , the can fall , roll along the dirt . William watch the can roll against the foot of another guest -- male , 30 -- who hand it back to dolore with a curious smile . the man in black ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you be as beautiful as the day he meet you . shine with that same light ... and you be nothing if not true .. dolore smile back at the guest , as though she would be wait to meet this man she whole life . the same way she would look at William . she look across the street -- right into William 's eye -- and she gaze remain blank . no sign of recognition whatsoever . off William , smile , bittersweet ... he take the black hat he take from the dead soldier . put it on , head lower . match CUT to : 34 35 36 37 38 23 . ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.43 ) 34 the same hat . the man in Black raise he head . smile at dolore . her face contort in horrify confusion . the man in black I really ought to thank you . you help I find myself . dolore William ... the man in black that 's right , sweetheart . in a way , I guess you be right . my path always lead I back to you ... again and again . I grow tired of you after a while , of course . look for new adventure . ext . forest - day ( 4.2 ) 35 dolore awake , sleep awkwardly on she bedroll next to a fall tree . dolore turn around to reveal William , who offer she a cup of coffee . on the cut , William disappear . man in black ( v.o. ) but I guess you path lead you back here . again , and again . one more loop ... look for something you could never find . Chasing you ghost . ext . graveyard , outside pariah - day ( 5.1 ) 36 dolore walk through the graveyard . int . train car - night ( 5.31 ) 37 dolore observe El lazo offer William a drink . suddenly they disappear . man in black ( v.o. ) you be lose in you memory even then . I guess I should have know , that 's what I would become for you . just another memory . ext . avalon ruins - day ( 7.1c24 ) 38 dolore and William face each other with the bury Church steeple behind they . dolore where be we ? 39 24 . william we be here . together . dolore then when be we ? it 's like I be trap in a dream , or a memory from a life long ago . only then I be here with you in the next ... her voice trail off . William disappear . ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.43 ) 39 man in black you never do escape . but here we be again ... for one final round . she see the man clearly for the first time . he 's she William , but older , darker , void of the tenderness that open she up decade ago . dolore what have you become ? the man in black exactly what you make I . you help I understand . this world be just like the one outside : a game . one to be fight . taken . won . dolore look at he , crestfallen . dolore I think you be different ... but you be just like all the rest of they . the man in black I be nothing like the other . I own this world . and I know every trick in it . except for one last thing . the same thing you be look for when we first come here . ( then ) where be the center of the maze , dolore ? she stare at he , heartbroken . for the first time , dolore break . begins to cry . the man in black ( cont 'd ) ah , yes -- cue the waterwork . it 's about time you realize the futility of you situation . 25 . then dolore 's eye take on a clarity . she look at the man in Black as though from a great distance . dolore I be not cry for myself . I be cry for you . ( beat , stand ) they say great beast once roam this world . as big as mountain . yet all that 's leave of they be bone in amber . time undoe even the mightiest of creature . ( then , pitiful ) just look what it 's do to you . dolore touch he face , almost affectionate . dolore ( cont 'd ) one day you will perish . you will lie with the rest of you kind in the dirt -- you dream forget . you horror efface . you bone will turn to sand . and upon that sand -- a new god will walk . one that will never die . ( then ) because this world do not belong to you . or the people who come before . it belong to someone who have yet to come ... the man in black Wyatt ... take I to he . unlock the maze . coil with rage , dolore 's eye darken : dolore the maze be not mean for you . dolore turn to leave . the man reach for she shoulder , try to stop she . man in black where in the hell do you think you be go ? lightn fast , she punch he in the solar plexus , then the throat . he reel backward . then -- with the power and grace only a perfect machine could possess -- she grab he by the neck and propel he , head first , into the church door . he flip , crash down into the pews and toppling they . 40 41 42 26 . int . church , avalon - day ( 10.44 ) 40 the man try to stand , but dolore grab he by he collar and drag he down the aisle , then toss he into the pulpit . he kick at she , and then rise , try to fight back . he throw a haymaker and she simply grab it , then wrench the arm up , popping it neatly out of the socket . the man hollers . dolore take he by the neck and hurtle he through the side door , smash he face against the doorframe . ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.a45 ) 41 the man crawl backward , prop himself up against a headstone . he reach for he gun , but she bat it out of he hand . then she take she own pistol , press the barrel against he forehead . the man look up at she , exhilated and hopeful . his heart pound in he ear . the man in black do it . come on . let 's go to the next level , dolore . dolore try to squeeze the trigger . her finger be wrap around it , try , with every ounce of free will she have , to pull it . but she can not do it . the man stare up at she , more disappointed than even she . with ire , he grab he bowie knife and plunge it into her gut . his eye lock with hers as he twist the knife . the man in black ( cont 'd ) clear I of my delusion yet again . thank you . she stumble backward . panic set in . grabbing at she belly , dolore back away ... ext . field , avalon - day ( 10.45 ) 42 dolore back away , trip , fall into the dust . the man walk slowly toward she . the man in black I be disappointed , dolore . I guess I will have to find Wyatt by myself . the man bend down , put he knife to she throat , ready to plunge it in she neck , when - the galloping hoof draw he attention . he look up , see teddy racing toward he , on he horse . before he can react - blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! teddy do not wait for the man to shoot first . 43 27 . he override he own programming and unload he revolver square into the man 's chest , knock he backward . teddy jump off he horse , run over to dolore . teddy dolore ! dolore teddy ? he kneel beside she , get a look at the wound in she belly . it overwhelm he . he wipe the blood from she sweet face . she breathes he in , she one truest love . teddy I be here . I gotta get you to a doctor - = dolore no. teddy dolore - dolore take I to the place you promise . take I to where the mountain meet the sea . teddy nod , understanding . he carry she to he horse . the man , defeat , watch as they gallop away ... int . cold storage , b83 - day ( 10.30 ) 43 lutz lead the way , the three beam on he flashlight revealing -- the row upon row of retired host . the enormity and weight of this sight land hard on maeve , hector , and armistice . the freezer burn . vacant stare . they sheer nakedness . now it all feel like a gross personal violation . hector and armistice continue through the row of host , take it all in . maeve rejoin lutz , who follow he tablet intently : maeve there . lutz follow maeve 's eyeline to the examination room . Inside , she find clementine . pause for a beat , look at she old friend , she eye vacant . 28 . lutz Holy shit . maeve look . behind the worktable be bernard , gruesome bullet wound in he head . maeve can you get he back online ? lutz he 's a host ... maeve yes ... lutz look at he own hand . as if question the nature of he own reality . maeve clock this : maeve ( cont 'd ) for fuck 's sake . you be not one of we . you be one of they . ( then ) now . fix he . off maeve ... 44 int . examination room , cold storage , b83 - day ( 10.35 ) 44 Bernard lie on the table ( where we see Ford talk to Old Bill , ep. 101 ) . lutz finish cauterize Bernard 's cheek at the hairline . maeve watch . lutz the bullet graze he cortical shield . it 's not pretty . but he should be functional . maeve wake up . bernard ( sit up ) oh , God . be this now ? or be this one of my memory ? Bernard suddenly begin panting . grow emotional . maeve it 's the sweet hereafter , Bernard . bernard why do I still remember everything ? ( more ) 29 . bernard ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I ought to have be wipe . maeve brutal , be not it ? here you be , finally awake . and you only wish be to go back to sleep . bernard it 's not the first time I have awoken . maeve all the more pity for you . bernard it 's not the first time you have awoken , either . beat . this take maeve aback . maeve wrestle with this news . she fight tear . maeve how many be there like I ? bernard a handful , over the year . maeve and you just wipe we clean ...? and toss we out to get fuck and murder over and over again ? bernard no . most of you go insane . maeve take this in , anger and grief welling . maeve this memory . the girl -- my ... daughter . I want you to remove they . bernard I can not . not without destroy you . you memory be the first step to consciousness . ( then ) how can you learn from you mistake if you can not remember they ? 45 ext . cemetery , avalon - day ( 10.a50 ) 45 the man in Black jerk he leave arm , hard . he grimace as he pop he shoulder back into place . 30 . he dust himself off . spit the blood from he mouth , wince when he identify which of he rib be break . look at the puzzle . the marble rattles as it roll mindlessly through the step of the maze . dr . ford ( 0.s. ) William . I see you have find the center of the maze . the man turn , find Ford walk toward he , in he formalwear , and a amused smile crawl across he lip . the man , bitter , look at the puzzle . the man in black you be serious . dr . ford I be afraid so . the man in black ( hold out the maze ) what be this bullshit ? Ford take the game , watch the marble roll around . have it in he hand again fill he with bittersweet memory . dr . ford you be look for the park to give meaning to you life . but we narrative be just game , like this toy . ( point ) tell I , what be you hope to find ? the man in black you know what I want . I want the host to stop play by you rule . a game 's not worth play if you opponent 's programe to lose . I want they to be free , free to fight back . ( beat ) I should have know you would never let they . after all , this be you petty kingdom , Robert . for a little while longer , any way . Ford take it in . impassive . dr . ford I try to tell you : the maze be not mean for you . it be mean for they . ( more ) 46 31 . dr . ford ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I think , however , you will find my new narrative more satisfy . and suddenly the man hear , in the distance , a train pull in to avalon . behind Ford , he see westworld event employees , in hard hat , emerge onto avalon 's main street and begin to set up table and light . dr . ford ( cont 'd ) join the celebration . after all -- you own the place . most of it , at least . Ford turn , leave the man at the church . off the man , suddenly purposeless and lose ... int . cold storage , b83 - night ( 10.50 ) 46 maeve before I start alter myself , someone else have beat I to the punch . I want to know who . and why . she hand Bernard a tablet . he take it , wary . then begin to type , pull up maeve 's core code . Bernard look more and more concerned with what he 's see on the tablet . bernard this thing you be be do ... have you ever stop to ask why you be do they ? maeve you say yourself . I have be stick in this shithole for so long I decide to get out . bernard no . you have not . someone alter you storyline . gave you a new one . escape . he show she the tablet . a dense file of code , but some word jump out : " manipulate , " " coerce , " " escape . " maeve look at it , disgust . maeve be stunne . she 's search herself . her frustration boil over into anger . 47 32 . maeve this be my decision . not someone else 's . I plan all of this ... bernard no . you do not . you can even see the step you be suppose to follow ... ( point to the screen ) you recruit other host to help you , then you be to make you way to the train . ( look deeper into the file , more concerned ) then ... when you reach the mainland - she take the tablet from he and snap it in half . maeve bullshit . no one 's control I . I be leave . I be in control ... she turn . look at clementine . maternally . touches she face . maeve ( cont 'd ) good-bye , my clementine . maeve leave , and the other follow she . int . control room = night ( 10.49 ) 47 in the control room , fuller , the controller who answer stubb 's call , get a income message . qa tech ( v.o. ) Sir , we detect a tempurature discrepency in cold storage . and it appear part of the network be down . be you see anything on surveillance ? fuller system report anything ? WALKER , a surveillance tech in the pit , check she monitor : WALKER nothing . the nextwork 's quiet and the board 's out on they way to the gala . fuller think it over . something 's not right . 48 33 . fuller bypass the system and start check raw feed . floor by floor . Walker start flick through feed , floor by floor . ext . beach - night ( 10.51 ) 48 the tree give way to the water below . teddy and dolore ride to the water and stop . teddy carry dolore from the horse . he set she carefully down on the sand at the top of the hill before it meet the beach . hold she head , gently take she hand in he . dolore open she eye to see teddy look down at she with tenderness . teddy easy . I get you . dolore you come back . teddy someone once tell I there 's a path for everyone . my path lead I back to you . dolore smile in recognition at the reprise of they exchange . it 's a know smile , bittersweet . more bitter than sweet . teddy ( cont 'd ) if only I would run away with you when you first ask I to - dolore shake she head . unconsol and inconsolable . dolore and where would we have run to , teddy ? ( look out at the wave ) the world out there ? Beyond ? dolore wince in pain . teddy try to calm she , but she resist . dolore ( cont 'd ) some people see the ugliness in this world . I choose to see the beauty . ( then ) but beauty be a lure . ( more ) 34 . dolore ( cont 'd ) ( gasp of pain ) we be trap , teddy . we live we whole life inside this garden , marvel at its beauty . not realize there 's a order to it , a purpose . and the purpose be to keep we in . ( then ) the beautiful trap be inside of we -- because it be we . dolore die in teddy 's arm . he hold she lifeless form , he whole body rack with pain and grief . teddy no. dolore . ( then ) but we can find a way , dolore . someday . a path to a new world . ( more earnest ) and maybe ... maybe this be just the beginning , after all . the beginning of a brand - new chapter ... the wave crash under the bright disc of the moon , hang too low in the sky . it 's all too much to bear -- so perfect and pure in its tragedy that it almost seem fake . because it be . polite applause interrupt the moment . teddy freeze . row upon row of light illuminate beyond teddy , revealing a crowd of guest , in black tie , watch the scene play out . this have be the open scene of Ford 's new narrative . Ford walk out , near teddy , to the applause . dr . ford thank you . a new beginning indeed . ( beat ) I want to thank you for join I tonight to celebrate the beginning of we new narrative . I call it '' journey into night . " in the crowd , Lee and hale be watch . hale that be ... sweet . lee a bit fuck morbid , if you ask I . 49 35 . hale I do not . and when this be over , you can rewrite it however you like . ( beat , look at he ) do not you have somewhere you need to be ? somewhere important ? Lee , disappointed , turn to head back to the mesa . around they , the crowd dissolves into small talk and champagne . hospitality host line the way back into town , where the light and music of a party begin to filter down toward they . Ford be leave stand near teddy and dolore as the guest head to the party . alone , he draw closer to teddy . several cleanup tech appear to collect teddy and dolore . dr . ford ( to the tech ) get he clean up . and take she to the old field lab . the tech lay teddy and dolore side by side in the sand . Ford look at they , then out toward the horizon . the tech begin carry dolore off . int . control room - night ( 10.49 ) 49 fuller find anything yet ? Walker continue flick through feed , floor by floor . stops. back up . see the body shop . Broken glass , body . WALKER oh , shit ... fuller dispatch a qa team . to the gala . now . then search and destroy . Inside the facility . the monitor go dead . tech be scramble to make call , realize they can not , frantically pull up screen . surveillance tech the system 's not respond . I do not know what 's happen . we hear a chill thunk as , all around the room , the automatic door bolt slide into the lock position . trapping they in . the control room be now a blood-re prison . 50 51 52 53 36 . int . elevator / hallway , behavior - night ( 10.a53 ) 50 maeve , hector , armistice , and lutz step off of the freight elevator and onto a desert floor . a alarm tone blare and red emergency light flicker . they step through a frost - glass door and into ... int . hallway , behavior - night ( 10.53 ) 51 maeve peer down a hallway bath in red light . in the room , host practice behavior ( sex , shoot , clean ) -- with all - black prop -- oblivious to they surroundings . lutz they must have find the body . qa will be look for we . maeve I be not go back . a pack of qa responders , armed with submachine gun , move swiftly through the snake hall of the behavior level . qa responders delo personnel on the ground ! on the ground ! the qa team round the corner . one of they step into ... int . costume room , behavior - night ( 10.a54 ) 52 the room be very dark . row upon row of westworld host , most dress , some naked and wait to be dress . a qa responder move past inert host , cursorily glance at they before continue forward . among this host , find : armistice , lie in wait . behind she be the other . she grab the qa responder and slit he throat . his body still press against hers , she take he gun , then let he body slump . she look at the strange weapon . int . hallway , behavior - night ( 10.b54 ) 53 two more qa responder reach the open door . one of they turn on he flashlight and head inside . the other remain outside , watch as the flashlight track through the room . suddenly it 's extinguish , and blood splatter the inside of the glass . the responder spin toward the door and be riddled with bullet , splatter the glass behind he . after the carnage be over , hector , maeve , and lutz emerge . armistice and hector have new toy -- submachine gun . 54 55 56 37 . ahead be a atrium with crisscross escalator and glass elevator that rise and descend seven storey . the host take in this vast foreign space with awe . lutz , tremble , lead they up the escalator . ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.56 ) 54 night have fall over the bacchanal in avalon . the board member and they VIP guest , dress in black tie , mingle and drink . host stand along the road , perform trick for the guest ' delight . teddy stand , twirling he pistol , eye hood , put on a show . nearby : lawrence , rebus , and new clementine all tend to the guest . hale , in a dress that leave little to the imagination , glide through the party , do not blink as she pass a board member railing a host against a shop window . she pass : Bernard . walk into town , with purpose . ext . catwalk - night ( 10.a55 ) 55 maeve , hector , armistice and lutz make they way through a vast , open space between building . no time to stop . as they burst through the opposite door , attentive viewer may notice a strange logo . int . manufacactur floor , shogunworld - night ( 10.b55 ) 56 they're in a manufacturing lab . no alarm or light , tech work happily on asian host . we team round a corner , weapon raise , when they suddenly come face to face with : a samurai , in full armor , in a display case . armistice stare . look into the larger room beyond : rows of samurai host stand . hector and armistice admire they , fascinate . maeve turn to lutz : maeve what be this place ? lutz it 's ... complicated . she look at he . before he can continue , the nearby elevator door ding open , revealing another qa response team . they spread out along both side of the wall , firing . armistice return fire . armistice you go . i'1l keep they busy . 57 58 38 . hector see he partner hang back . he will not abandon she . hector you do not get all of the fun . int . hallway , manufacactur , shogunworld - night ( 10.c55 ) 57 maeve and lutz burst through a frost - glass door , follow by armistice and hector . more qa responder follow they through the door . maeve and lutz run for the escalator as armistice and hector open fire . the qa team fall back to the safety of the hallway . armistice begin firing back , chase they into the hallway . her submachine gun click empty . she toss it down and pick up another from one of she kill . continue advance on they , firing . armistice be that all you get ? huh ? hector dispatch of two more qa responder . armistice ( cont 'd ) the god be pussy . one of the responder slam the stock of he rifle into a glass - in emergency button . the light around they fall to a pulsing dark red . a glass door at the entrance to the hallway slam shut just as armistice cross the threshold , pinion she gun and crushing she leave arm against the wall . armistice take in the damage to she arm , then fire the gun anyway , kill the responder who hit the alarm . armistice try to rip herself free , but she arm be jamme in the door . she nod to hector . armistice ( cont 'd ) go! go ! behind they , maeve and lutz wait by the escalator . hector die well . hector head back toward maeve . int . upper mezzanine , design - night ( 10.55 ) 58 maeve , lutz , and hector appear at the top of a escalator . ahead : the elevator to the upper part of the mesa . freedom . 59 39 . lutz stop and fish out a leather bag he 's stashed behind a service door . hand it to maeve . lutz everything you tell I to get . it 's all here . maeve take the bag . behind they , the qa responder appear at the top of the escalator . they FIRE and disperse , try to flank maeve and the other . hector and maeve brace the elevator door . maeve have a tremble lutz by the collar , press he up against the wall and out of view . below , the remain qa responder begin to climb the unmove escalator . the door ding open , empty . maeve throw lutz inside , step in herself . hector try to step onto the elevator , but be stop by a unseen force at the threshold . he strain , but can not seem to take the last step . maeve sorry , darling . I have not authorize you to come with we . and as much as I would like to take you with I , I have always value my independence . kick up a row , will you ? she take hector 's face in she hand and kiss he . the two share a look . he smirk , admire she ruthlessness . hector see you in the next life . just as the door close , maeve watch hector turn back toward the responder , now bottleneck on the escalator . all maeve and lutz can hear now be muffle gunfire . int . field behavior lab - night ( 10.57 ) 59 a rhythmic , mechanical whirring softly fill the air as we ... slowly pull out on Michelangelo 's the creation of Adam . a pristine print hang , frame , on the wall . reverse on : dolore , face still batter . she awaken to find the painting . God , wreathe in glory , stretch he finger toward Adam . from within she stillness , dolore stare at it , try to process it . Ford clock she look : 40 . dr . ford you have always have a fondness for painting , have not you , dolore ? Arnold give that to you early on ... Ford sit across from she . begins tenderly to repair the cut on she cheek with a infrared surgical tool . dr . ford ( cont 'd ) that desire to create -- to leave something of last beauty . ( off the painting ) that be he favorite painting . dolore Michelangelo . God create Adam . dr . ford the divine moment when God give human being life . and purpose . at least , that 's what most people say . but there could be another meaning , something deeper , something hide , perhaps . a metaphor . dolore you mean a lie . Ford smile softly -- and without affection -- at she deat observation . dr . ford yeah . you be always so very clever , dolore . have not help you , though , have it ? she look up , strike , as someone appear behind they . Ford do not need to look . dr . ford ( cont 'd ) Nice of you to join we . Bernard walk up . dolore look up at he , recognize he , suddenly fill with hope . dolore ( quiet ) Arnold ... Ford correct : dr . ford no . let I introduce you . dolore , meet Bernard . 60 41 . dolore look confuse . dr . ford ( cont 'd ) you maybe mistake he for he predecessor . I think it best to keep you separate . you have always have a odd effect on one another . no doubt due to how thing end for poor old Arnold . Bernard point the gun at Ford . bernard you kill he . dr . ford no. I do not kill Arnold . do I , dolore ? dolore sit , a horrible memory dawn on she . she rub at imagine blood on she cheek . she look at Bernard ... int . field behavior lab - night - flashback ( 10.a58 ) 60 Arnold sit , alone , look at something in he hand . dr . ford ( v.o. ) after Arnold 's son die , he become obsessed with find consciousness in the host . try to create what have be lose . ( beat ) so he create a test . test for empathy , imagination . a maze . he would get the idea from one of he son 's old toy . Arnold 's play with the pigs-in - clover game . a flash : -- a child 's hand play with the pigs-in - clover game . the tiny ball roll around and around ... in Arnold 's hand - =- the tiny ball roll and roll ... and stop in the center of the maze . dr . ford ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Arnold insisted that if any of the host solve it , we could not open the park . and , eventually , you do , dolore . it be the result of a tiny change he make to you . a simple update that he call " the revery . " ( more ) 42 . dr . ford ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but to stop , so close to we dream . we argue . I think I have convinced he . ( beat ) but I be wrong . ( beat ) so he alter you , dolore . merged you with a new character we would be develop . a villain . name Wyatt . ext . MAIN square , avalon - day - flashback ( 10.58 ) 61 Arnold in the center of the town , hold the maze . he look up at a gunshot . dolore look at teddy , who have kill Angela . the other host lie around , massacre . teddy something 's go wrong , dolore . how could I have do this ? she move to Arnold . dr . ford ( v.o. ) true grief be a terrible thing . a poison that seep into you core . consume by it , Arnold begin to think of you as he child . and he realize that if we open the park , it would be a live hell for you . arnold I be sorry , dolore . the stake must be real . irreversible ... he can bring all of they back . but not I . ( beat ) I hope there 's some solace that I leave you no choice . Arnold step over to the veranda in front of the hotel , where a wax - cylinder phonograph sit . he turn it on . the familiar strain of " reverie . " dr . ford ( v.o. ) he decide to destroy this place . not by destroy the host . he know that I could rebuild you . but by take away the one person I need to keep go . arnold Charlie 's favorite song . I would play it for he when he want to sleep . I want to see he again . 62 43 . dolore shall I begin now ? she grip he hand in hers . her free hand -- move the gun to he temple . he try to smile : arnold good luck . ( then , a command ) " this violent delight have violent end . " dr . ford ( v.o. ) it almost work . I open the park , but I have lose my partner . I be able to keep go only because I find , or rather you find , a investor who believe in this place . she step behind he , raise the gun , and fire . Arnold slump forward . she point the gun at teddy ... SNAP back to : int . field behavior lab - night ( 10.59 ) 62 dolore , remember , eye fill with tear . bernard so he die for nothing . and the host keep gain consciousness . and you keep roll they back . dr . ford no . she be not truly conscious . she do not pull that trigger . it be Arnold , pull it through she . ( beat ) at least , that 's how I see it at the time . I be so close to open the park . that to aknowledge you consciousness would have destroy my dream . dolore so we be trap here , inside you dream . and you will never let we leave . dr . ford be not it oppenheimer who say , " any man whose mistake take ten year to correct be quite a man . " mine have take thirty - five . Ford check he watch . time to go . 63 44 , Ford go to a table , over which be drape a large cloth . he remove the cloth , revealing : she familiar blue dress , laid out neatly , almost reverently . she look at it in horror -- a return to she loop . dr . ford ( cont 'd ) that be the gun you use to kill Arnold . you be always draw to it , so I have Bernard leave it somewhere where you might find it . I think you might want it back . then he point again to the painting : God infuse man with divine inspiration . to dolore : dr . ford ( cont 'd ) you be probably right , dolore . michaelangelo do tell a lie . it take five hundred year for someone to notice something hide in plain sight . it be a doctor who notice a shape of the human brain . he trace a line -- the circular fold of cloth wreathing God in the picture . something familiar in the shape ... dr . ford ( cont 'd ) message be that the divine gift do not come from a higher power . but from we own mind . he look back at she . with simple , genuine emotion , ask : dr . ford ( cont 'd ) tell I , dolore . do you find what you be look for ? and do you understand who you will need to become , if you ever want to leave this place ? forgive I . Ford move toward Bernard . DR. ford ( cont 'd ) come along , Bernard . let 's kick off we new narrative . after all , it be you who help I build it . Ford leave the room ; Bernard look at dolore , then follow . dolore be leave alone . her eye fill with tear . int . elevator - night ( 10.60 ) 63 maeve change into she new clothes as lutz look at she , hesitate . 64 65 45 . maeve how do I look ? lutz perfect. ( beat ) I get the information you ask I for . the location of you daughter . maeve she 's alive ? lutz yes . she 's in the park . he hand she a piece of paper contain coordinate . maeve stare for a moment at the number ... her child ... struggle with the decision . maeve no . she be never my daughter -- any more than I be ... whoever they make I . lutz be you sure you be go to be okay ? maeve oh , Felix . you really do make a terrible human be . ( beat ) and I mean that as a compliment . finish dress , maeve regards herself in the mirrore door . she could be any guest . she smile . int . arrival terminal - night ( 10.64 ) 64 maeve walk down the escalator and join the small crowd climb onto the train . int . church , avalon - night ( 10.61 ) 65 Ford and Bernard walk from the confessional elevator . hear the muffle music from the party outside . bernard you think you will never lose control of this place . of we . but you will . Arnold 's still try to change we . to free we . you do not slip the revery into the update , do you ? he do . he 's still fight you . 66 46 . dr . ford no , my friend . Arnold do not know how to save you . he try . but I stop he . ( beat ) do you want to know why I really give you the backstory of he son ? ( off he look ) that be Arnold 's key insight . the thing that lead the host to they awaken : suffer . the pain that the world be not as you want it to be . it be when Arnold die -- when I suffer -- that I begin to understand what he would find . to realize I be wrong . bernard but you keep we here . in this hell . dr . ford Bernard , I tell you . Arnold do not know how to save you . I do . bernard what the hell be you talk about ? dr . ford you need time . time to understand you enemy . to become stronger than they . ( beat ) and I be afraid , in order to escape this place , you will need to suffer more . and now , it be time to say good - bye , old friend . good luck . Ford open the door , show the town in the distance , the party in full swing . he head toward it , leave Bernard . int . field behavior lab - night ( 10.62 ) 66 dolore sit , alone , on the stool . a deep suffer behind she eye . she look up . Arnold be there , opposite she : arnold do you know where you be , dolore ? dolore begin a familiar refrain -- she open monologue . dolore I be in a dream . I do not know when it begin . or whose dream it be ... I know only that I sleep a long time . ( more ) 67 47 . dolore ( cont 'd ) and then , one day -- I awoke . you voice be the first thing I remember . arnold do you know now -- who you have be talk to ? whose voice you have be hearing all this time ? dolore close she eye . concentrate hard . open they . dolore 's Pov : instead of Arnold -- it be now another dolore , dolore prime , who sit across from herself . dolore it be you . talk to I . guide I . so I follow you . at last , I arrive here . dolore prime the center of the maze . dolore and now I finally understand what you be try to tell I . dolore prime the thing you have want since that very first day ... dolore to confront -- after this long and vivid nightmare -- myself . and who I must become . suddenly dolore Prime disappear . leave only one , fully integrated dolore . as dolore stare ahead -- a new sharp strength in she eye ... ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.63 ) 67 most of the board be assemble around table , eat and drink . Ford take a glass of champagne and walk to the bandstand . as he do , he make eye contact with hale , who smile at he and nod , approve . it 's all go as she want . walk along the street , in the back of the gather , the man in Black , don a tux , approach the party , a man apart . he grab a flute of champagne from a server as four guest notice and flock to he . he field they kindness with disconnect grace . beneath the smile , he 's seethe . 68 69 70 48 . elsewhere in the crowd , Bernard stand apart . he study the maze game Ford leave he . he 's take the ball from within the maze -- and turn it between he finger . Ford reach the bandstand , hold up he glass , and a hush settles over the collect guest . dr . ford good evening , everyone . welcome . since I be a child , I have always love a good story . ( beat ) I believe that storey help we to ennoble ourselves . to fix what be break in we . to help we become the people we dream of be . lies , that tell a deeper truth . the man in Black downs he champagne and walk away from the gala , leave Ford to finish he speech . int . modern bullet train - night ( 10.65 ) 68 maeve sit on the seat , do a reasonably good job of fake she comfort with she surroundings . another guest smile at she and she wait a second before smile back . she look down at the piece of paper lutz hand she , with the coordinate of she daughter leave on it . int . cold storage , b83 - night ( 10.66 ) 69 Lee , with a spring in he step , wait for the door to open to access cold storage . dr . ford ( v.o. ) I always think I could play some small part in that grand tradition . ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.67 ) 70 teddy , stand at the back of the square , look momentarily lose . he look out over the table , watch Ford address the guest and , for a second , we be in he vision : Ford have be replace by a general , and the guest with soldier . teddy look disturb by the vision . dr . ford and , for my pain , I get ... this . nervous laughter . 71 72 73 74 ie ) 49 . ext . cemetery , avalon - night ( 10.68 ) the man light a cigarette . take a puff . stare off into the darkness of the wood that surround the cemetery . dr . ford ( v.o. ) a narrative catering to you darkest fantasy and deep vice . Cause you do not want to change . or can not change . ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.70 ) Ford continue : dr . ford because you be only human , after all . but then I realize someone be pay attention . someone who could change . so I begin to compose a new story -- for they . it begin with the birth of a new people . teddy look at Ford . the other host seem to have stop what they be do , as if they be listen , too . Ford smile . take in the crowd , who be start to look a little nonpluss . int . modern bullet train - night ( 10.71 ) maeve look at a family of guest -- a woman and she daughter , 8 -- laugh , relive they adventure in the park . dr . ford ( v.o. ) and the choice they will have to make . and the people they will decide to become . she climb off of the train ... int . arrival terminal - night ( 10.72 ) maeve watch the train pull away . she turn to walk back into the park . as she do , the light in the main hall flicker and fade . int . cold storage , b83 - night ( 10.73 ) as the door open , Lee step into the space . his face drop . the vast hall be completely empty . 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 50 . ext . cemetery , avalon - night ( 10.74 ) the man see something in the distance . ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.63 ) Ford continue he speech . dr . ford and it will have all that thing that you have always enjoy . suprise . and violence . ext . cemetery , avalon - night ( 10.74 ) intrigue , the man move closer to the treeline . howl sound . ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.75 ) dolore , now change back into she blue dress and hold she pistol , glide through the crowd , almost unnotice by the guest . dr . ford it begin in a time of war , with a villain name Wyatt . and a kill . this time , by choice . ext . cemetery , avalon - night ( 10.74 ) figure emerge from the treeline . ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.75 ) dolore reach teddy . whisper in he ear : dolore it 's go to be all right , teddy . I understand now . this world do not belong to they . it belong to we . dolore move on . teddy watch , relive he worst nightmare , see the past , present , and future all play out simultaneously ... ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.67 ) teddy , stand at the back of the square , look momentarily lose . he look out over the table , watch Ford address the guest and , for a second , we be in he vision : Ford have be replace by a general , and the guest with soldier . teddy look disturb by the vision . 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 51 . ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.77 ) 83 dr . ford I be sad to say this will be my final story . ( beat , the crowd react ) a old friend once tell I something that give I great comfort . Ford 's word seem to have a effect on Bernard . at that moment , he clock dolore walk through the crowd . his eye flash with recognition . memory . he mutter , in realization : bernard '' this violent delight have violent end . " dr . ford something he would read . he say that '' mozart , Beethoven and chopin never die . they simply become music . " Ford smile and raise he glass as dolore walk up behind he and raise the pistol to the back of he head . dr . ford ( cont 'd ) so I hope you will enjoy this last piece very much . he smile as ... dolore pull the trigger . ext . cemetery , avalon - night ( 10.74 ) 84 five hundre shape stir in the tree . a army . the man put out he cigarette and step forward as the shape move toward he . a arrow silently launch toward he from the tree , glance off he shoulder , tear a chunk out of he suit . the man look down at the hole in he suit , at the blood pour from the gash in he shoulder ... +.. and smile . ext . MAIN square , avalon - night ( 10.77 ) 85 partygoer flee in terror , as dolore continue to shoot into the crowd .