what to expect when you 're expect by Heather hach inspire by the book by heidi murkoff current revision by shauna Cross lionsgate film Phoenix picture White production draft 4/11/11 over black . a man and woman talk . panic rise in she voice . female voice ( 0.s. ) I change my mind . I can not do this . male voice ( 0.s. ) yes you can . just breathe . female voice ( 0.s. ) I be gonna throw up . male voice ( 0.s. ) it 's ok . we be in the home stretch . music crank . light go up . a DISCO ball spin and - announcer 's voice welcome back to celebrity dance off ! on the dance floor we find host hutch davis ( 40s , a poor man 's George clooney ) in all he droll , host glory . a enthusiastic audience applaud . hutch davis I be hutch Davis and we be live from Hollywood , just moment away from crown we season champion . we have just see the last dance from we first two finalist , NFL quarterback Tom brady ... tom brady and he scorching - hot , scantily - clad partner smile and wave as a screen show hi - light of they final dance . impressive . Tom do a flip . hutch davis ( cont ’d ) .--- and hip - hop star missy Elliott . missy elliott and she partner , in match sailor suit , smile and wave . we also get hi - light of they final dance . hutch davis ( cont ’d ) which bring we to we last , but certainly not least finalist of the night . this season 's feisty underdog ... angle on - top of the stage stair where jule baxter ( 30 , fit , pretty , intense ) and she partner evan webb ( clearly young than she , smolder , but do not take himself seriously ) wait for they introduction . she anxiously look down at she lime green costume . jule I look like mardi gras on acid . evan and I be wear a mesh shirt . it 's all part of the competition . jule why do I let they spray - tan I ? I look nuclear . like I could power a small city . evan you look beautiful . and only a tiny bit orange . Jules smile , calm down a little . then - jule ok . let 's win this thing . he nod , give she a squeeze , as — hutch davis .-- so , here she be , in she final dance , everyone 's favorite tough - love trainer from the weight loss show , ' lose it and weep , 's Jules baxter and she partner Evan webb ! light go up . music blast . and Jules pull it together as she and Evan launch into they free-style dance . they run down the stair and jump onto the stage . Evan spin Jules to he . they chemistry be undeniable . transcend the bad spray tan and ridiculous costume . they tear through they move - do a little cha-cha , shaking and shimmy , they hip roll together , as - int . starter apartment —- evening we pull out from a tv where three girl ( molly , courtney and rosie , all 22 ) watch from a shitty , post - grad apartment . molly dude . she 's totally do he ! courtney no way . that 's just a rumor . molly how dare you question the sage insight of US weekly ? Molly frisbee a US weekly at Courtney . it feature a snapshot of Jules and Evan hold coffee cup with the headline - '' secret couple off the dance floor ? '' rosie button she chef jacket , grab she bag as she watch Evan and Jules dance on tv - rosie maybe they be really in love . ( then , as she exit ) do not wait up . molly ( call after ) bring we leftover ! rosie ( call back ) pay you rent ! we dissolve from the tv , back to the studio Jules whip open she skirt and use it as a pasa doble cape . Evan grab the skirt and throw it to the judge 's table . the audience eat it up . as we - int . second live room - night pull out from another tv screen , in a different live room , where a couple - trish and colin cooper ( 30 , in match snuggy ) - watch with laser focus . trish look . Jules be really do it ! colin yeah , but she have to score all ten to beat Tom brady . he do a flip ! we move from the tv , back to the studio where Jules and Evan pull out all the stop , include a little audience participation . 4. they playfully sit on the lap of a couple in the front row - a older husband ( 60 ) in a Tommy bahama shirt and he young pretty wife ( 30 ) . as Jules and Evan dance off for they final sequence of move , the Young wife beam to she husband . young wife I can not believe you fly we out for this ! older husband anytime , tater tot . back on the dance floor , Evan and Jules bring it all home with some modern move , even a little hip -hop , as we - int . third live room - night pull out from the tv of a third live room ( a modest rental house ) where holly bowen ( caucasian , more creative than corporate ) be on the couch with she laptop as she husband nate bowen ( 30 , African - american , total guy 's guy ) take one step into the live room - nate what be you watch ? holly celebrity dance - nate - nope . - and exit the hell outta there . Holly laugh , crank the volume to torture nate as he walk away . and we - dissolve back to the studio where Evan spin Jules in a final , harrowing lift , then drop she into a split as the music end with a dramatic punch . the audience jump up , a stand ovation . Jules and Evan hug , soaking up the love . hutch davis whoa . even I need a cold shower after that one . I dunno , folk , do Tom brady just get sack ? let 's see what we judge have to say . hutch turn Jules and Evan to the judge's table , where a trio dance expert weigh in . andre ( 30 , a hyperbolic queen who can barely stay in he seat ) start off - judge andre Jules , darling . when you start this season , you have the heart of a competitor , but the foot of a school girl in need of corrective shoe . I never expect to see you in the final . but you stubborn little minx , you . you fight for it , and tonight , you be a vixen , make a meal out of you man out there ! this place need a new roof - because you two just blow it off ! two word : dance . gasm ! everyone cheer as the next judge , kelly ( 30 ) , nod . judge kelly exactly ! Jules , on you show , you inspire people to lose weight and change they life . but it 's just as inspiring to see you challenge yourself . and it do not hurt that you meet you match in Evan there . ( Jules and Evan smile ) you two be peak at just the right moment ! more cheer as the final judge , dalton ( 60 , stuffy ) shrug . judge dalton frankly , I find the whole thing to be a bit vulgar . it 's like I be practically in the bedroom with you two . the audience boos . Jules and Evan share a quick glance . Jules and scorecard . hutch davis ok , judge , let 's see that score - judge andre hold up he score card ip ten ! judge kelly ( hold up she score card ) ten ! Evan jump and hug - as dalton hold up he len eight . Jules and Evan deflate a little . hutch davis ooh , this one 's gonna be close ! CUT to : int . celebrity dance off studio - los angele - night a trophy in shape of dance foot get ceremoniously lower onto the dance floor . all three finalist couple hold hand under they spotlight . Tom brady and he girl . missy and she guy . Jules and Evan . hutch davis ok , we have tallied all you score . the call - in vote combine with the judge 's score . and ... Tom brady catch Jules 's eye . he nod . tom brady hey . great stuff out there . jule thanks . you too . Nice flip . Tom shrug - I try . as Jules turn and whisper to Evan - jule ( cont 'd ) c'mon . he 's already get three superbowl ring and gisele . be not that enough for one lifetime ? evan just gisele be enough . hutch davis and the winner of celebrity dance off , season 15 , be ... a dramatic pause . Jules suddenly go pale . panic-whisper - jule Evan . I feel sick ! hutch davis ..- Jules baxter and Evan webb ! ' ee firework explode around the stage and the audience cheer . Evan grab Jules , pick she up and spin she around as she fellow contestant congratulate they - Jules 's Pov - a woozy blur of light and cheer people . hutch Davis hand she the dance foot trophy . Jules take one look at it ... and then , puke all over it . everyone gasp . it 's live tv . hutch davis ( cont ’d ) uh , Jules ? you ok ? ( then , a nervous laugh ) heh -heh . hope she 's not pregnant . Jules and Evan suddenly share a surprised , but know look . sheer panic in both they eye . and we CUT to black . title : what to expect when you're expect . int . the breast choice - day flash ! a camera take a photo of trish ( one half of we snuggie couple ) . she 's tidy , always with a nervous smile . the photographer ( the other half of we snuggie couple ) be she husband , Colin , rock khakis and a polo . trish hi everyone ! trish sit before a small assembly of toddler , hold she child 's book : milk it ! there be a few breast - feeding mom , a couple of reluctant dad . discreetly check fantasy score on they phone . signage tell we we be in a store : the breast choice - a mecca of breast - feed class and supplies . trish ( cont ’d ) welcome to the breast Choice . I be trish Cooper , wear two hat today as store owner and author of my new child 's book , '' milk it ! '' ( trish open the book . ) ok , so , let 's dig in ... ( read ) goat do it ... a illustration show a goat nursing . she turn the page . trish ( cont ’d ) cow do it ... ( turn the page ) Kitty cat do it . ( turn the page ) even dolphin in the sea do it . a toddler boy lay down , kick he leg on the floor . trish ( cont ’d ) animal all over the world do it . ( turn the page ) and yes : even you mommy do it when you mommy use she breast to feed a baby , she be feed she baby the best . breast be best ! a caffeinate teenage boy pop he head into the store - teenage boy tit ! - and tear off , laugh . trish give a plead look to Colin who haltingly take off after he , out of the store . trish ( beat , smile ) ok , I have like to open up the floor for question or comment or ... nothing . finally - 4 -year-old boy be shrek and the hulk brother ? trish ( pause , smile ) maybe . we be all related in some way , right ? ( again , nothing ) well , thanks everyone for come . and give you mommy a big hug for breast - feed you . you now have a head start on a very healthy life ! Colin re-enter the store and join trish as the read break up . he give she a peck on the forehead . colin great job , hon — trish - do you get he ? 10 will colin naw . too fast . but I yell a few choice word . very choice . trish next time , get he . colin hey . what 's important right now ? trish ( soften ) that I just have my first read ? colin exactly . ( beat ) now , I gotta head back to work . a certain lil 's Wayne be wait . it 's my first grill ! Colin run he finger over he upper tooth . just then - we hear a marimba chime . trish and Colin both check they synchronize iphone . a phone app with a pink calendar inform they - " '' you_are now ovulate . '' trish give Colin a hungry look - trish please ? we will be super fast . Colin sigh , fine ... int . breast choice - stock room - day jar of nipple cream rock on a shelf as Colin and trish go at it in a tiny stock room cramme with product . it 's not the best sex , but trish be determine . trish yeah , give it to I ... C ’mon twin - or any number would be great ! int . breast choice store - counter trish 's employee janice ( 20 , boho , probably breast feed until last week ) hear the stockroom action and crank the volume on a sleep sheep , drown they out with ambient wave . 10 will 12 13 14 10 . int . stock room — day 12 a jar of nipple cream fall and nail Colin in the head . trish oh ! be you ok ? Colin nod , but slow . the mood quickly fade ... annnd go . colin sorry , squeak , I just - trish - no , do not apologize ! negative thought can affect reproduction . colin but I be really try . I lose the weight , switch my underwear , quit riding my bike . trish I know . and I love you for that ! colin I be just not clutch . I do not perform under pressure . ( beat ) and I miss ... we . trish ( a little gasp ) oh no ! we be snuffing out the flame ? colin maybe ?... a little ?... int . office build - elevator - day 13 Colin , head back to work , step onto the elevator as nate Bowen ( we '' guy 's - guy '' husband ) step off . nate 's look be business casual , cool kick . he give Colin a ' what 's up ? 's nod as he exit . ext . nate and holly 's house - late afternoon 14 a car skid to a park in the driveway of a run-down house . Holly Bowen hop out , juggling she laptop and fabric swatch as she run inside - 15 16 ply ? ) 18 i... holly shit shit shit . int . nate and holly 's house - day 15 Holly run in the house , down the hall - holly sorry ! we have a huge live room install and they keep change the furniture placement . she open the door to find she husband nate in he home 16 office / music studio . tinker on he keyboard - nate just waitin’ on my lay - day / gonna get we ethiopian bay-bay ... she laugh as she gaze fall on a wall of framed album cover - everything from classic jazz to rock to hip -hop . her eye zero in on 2 live crew 's classic , '' nasty as they wanna be . '' feature a graphic photo of four bare - assed lady bend over . Holly yank it off the wall - nate ( cont 'd ) aw c’mon . that album represent a very important parent milestone in my life . it be the first thing I buy just to piss off my mom . holly they be a Christian organization , nate . I do not want to offend they . Holly stuff the graphic cover in a hall closet as she pass 17 a mirror and spot she shoulder in she sleeveless top . holly ( cont 'd ) shit . my tattoo . Holly pull off she shirt as she turn into - the master bedroom 18 nate follow she , enjoy the view of he shirtless wife . nate so ? you be not gonna be the only mom out there with that spring break dolphin . trust I . 19 12 . holly yeah , but that mom be not get judge like I . ( change shirt ) the sad thing be , I be not even drunk when I get this . I think '' ooh , I 'il never get tired of dolphin . '' she slip on a conservative shirt . nate I have not get tired of it . I smile every time I see it . he slap she ass as she exit to - the live room 19 Holly do a final zhush of the room - fluffing pillow , etc . she grab a framed photo off a side table , go to hide it under the couch . but nate intercept it . nate ( cont 'd ) no . not the wedding picture . it 's a classic . holly I know , but it 's not for everyone . nate just chill , ok ? you be mean to do this . holly ( under she breath ) if that be true , I have already be pregnant . the doorbell ring . they suddenly stop . share a quick kiss . holly ( cont 'd ) Love you . do not screw it up . nate go to the door as Holly stuff the wedding photo under the couch . the social worker ( 40s , sweater set ) greet nate . social worker hi there . I be Diane Carter from Christian World adoption . nate nate and Holly Bowen . come on in . 13 . she enter , they exchange polite handshake as she look around . the place be modest , but decorate with style . holly this be just a rental . we be look to buy right now . nate throw Holly a look - we be ? Holly nod . holly ( cont 'd ) we will be settle in before the baby even come . social worker do not worry . you have already pass the fingerprint and background check . this be just for we to get to know you better . 20 int . nate and holly 's house - hallway - evening 20 nate and Holly give the Social Worker the walk through . social worker ..- and why do you choose ethiopia ? nate Holly want to get back to she root . the Social Worker laugh . Holly shoot nate a look . holly we love the culture , actually . nate plus all the white baby be take . this Social Worker do not laugh . Holly punch nate . he recompose , try to act respectable as he point out - nate ( cont ’d ) ( in the bedroom ) ok , so . smoke detector there . ( point to the kitchen ) Fire extinguisher there . social worker good . you do you homework . 21 14 . nate open the door to he office / music room . the Social Worker peek in , look at all the old vinyl , mixing table , etc . past the wall of frame album - with a gape hole . social worker ( cont ’d ) you be a musician ? nate in my mind , yes . actually , I do music license for a ad agency here in Atlanta . holly he pick the song for commercial . the Social Worker nod , jotting note . nate Holly 's a interior designer . she do this whole place . holly I just get in with a big firm . it 's a huge opportunity to grow . the Social Worker nod , make more note . CUT to : int . nate and holly 's live room - later a nate and Holly sit on the couch across from the Social Worker as she finish up they paperwork . social worker ok , so here 's how this work . i’11 turn in you home study report , the agency will review it , then start the adoption process . include match you with you child . holly right . the referral . social worker exactly . and that can take up to six month . then another six to nine month for the home country to process everything . nate nod , pay close attention to the time line . 22 15 . nate so , we be talk at least a full year before we become parent ? social worker every case have its own time line . you just have to be patient . holly so , wait . do this mean we pass ? the Social Worker look over they application packet . social worker well , I do not see any red flag . ( then ) oh , but do you have a wedding picture ? we really like to include that in you packet . Holly shake she head , no . but nate pull the photo out from under the couch and hand it to the Social Worker . close on : the photo - nate and holly in costume , shit - face with a bottle of Jack , and a elvis impersonator officiant . nate Vegas . it be a costume wedding . I be shaft , Holly be a showgirl . the picture be funny , but do not scream parent of the year . the Social Worker study it a beat , then hand it back . social worker you know what ? we ’1ll just say this get lose . burn in a fire . ext . nate and holly 's house - doorway - night 22 nate and Holly wave as the Social Worker drive away . nate let out a sigh , almost like he 's psyching himself up . nate ok , so we have get a year . that give we some time to save and get ready . holly what do you mean ? we be ready now . Holly be . but nate 's not so convinced as we pan up to the night sky , and ... 23 16 . ext . atlanta's piedmont park - evening 23 it 's outdoor movie night in the lush park back by the Atlanta skyline . lot of date - night couple . include Colin and trish who lay out they blanket . colin what 's the movie ? trish bladerunner . colin ooh , another surprise . I love you even more . Colin kick off he loafer as trish pull a bottle of wine from they ergonomic wine carrier and two glass . Colin give she a look as he pop the cork and pour . colin ( cont 'd ) trish ? you sure ? you have not a have a glass in two year . trish nod . this be not easy for she , but she smile - trish I would like to propose a toast . to take a break from try and just ... be we for a while . colin ( so relieved ) ok . i’11 drink to that - he go to clink glass , but trish pull hers back . trish - and if that do not work , then we will do three round of ivf . ( then ) and if that do not work , we 'il adopt , which be great because I have no fear - genetic or otherwise ! so , to we ! ( beat , tight smile ) I do not want to lose the flame . colin to the flame . they clink and sip . trish guzzle that first sip . then - 24 nh. trish say . pinot grigio be refresh . as Colin scout - a row of nearby gourmet food truck . his eye landing on - '' the big pig '' - a pink truck with a snout and curly tail - specialize in a menu of gourmet pork . a eager line be already wait . colin ooh ! the Big pig be here ! I do not even get a tweet . ( slip on he loafer ) squeak , you want anything ? trish surprise I . Colin nod and run-walk he way to the Big pig line . we move up the line to - ext . big pig truck window - evening the truck window . chef marco suarez ( 23 , a playful troublemaker with the look to get away with it ) work with a three - man crew . a fast , furious , all - hand - on - deck operation . marco let 's go , people . we gotta get y'all feed before the movie start . Cause if you miss see darryl Hannah 's ass , that 's on I . a eager patron step up . eager patron I will take three carnitas taco and two of that jalapeno fritter . marco good man . ( then ) you have you cardiologist on speed dial , right ? the guy smile as Marco flirt with 2 hot girl walk by . marco ( cont 'd ) lady . best meal on wheel , right here . 24 25 18. one of the girl smile back , hold up she sandwich . cute girl oh yeah ? tell that to my cheese and bacon panini . total foodgasm . she nod to a nearby grill cheese truck aka ' the meltdown , 's that 's gather a enthusiastic crowd of its own . Marco look over , he eye narrowing . then he jump through the window of he truck , abandon he post . j.j. ( 20 ) , Marco 's misfit co-worker , call after he - j.d . yo , chef . where be you go ? marco back in two secs , j.j. ext. / int . the meltdown food truck - night 25 chef rosie brennen ( from the girl 's apartment ) , effortlessly beautiful , she hair in braid , work on the cheese truck . she wield she knife with skill - slice peach and bacon - when suddenly Marco be at she window , stare she down . marco what do you think you be do ? rosie give he a look . then keep chopping . rosie there 's a line if you want to order - marco - the only thing I be order be for you to stop serve that bacon . pig be we turf . rosie you '' turf ? '' what be this , West side Story ? be we gonna rumble at midnight ? marco maybe . I get a whole gang of back - up dancer ready to go . ( then ) you be the cheese truck . stick to that . rosie that 's funny , because I notice that jalapeno fritter you be serve - marco - be awesome , right ? my invention - rosie - have ricotta cheese in they . marco oh , c’mon , just a pinch . that 's nothing compare to the bacon crutch you be prop this sandwich up on . rosie paninis . Blue cheese and grill peach paninis - with a dash of bacon . also awesome . my invention . marco Fine . you wanna go ? let 's go . you special against mine - whoever sell the most tonight , win . ( beat ) if I win , you have to have a drink with I . and if you win , you may also have a drink with I . rosie right . so you can stand I up again ? I will pass . 19 . Marco stop , give she a slow smile . taunting , flirtacious - marco wow . that be like five year ago . I can not believe you still remember . rosie it 's not like it keep I up night . trust I . marco ( walk away ) good to see you too , rosie . rosie prepare for battle , Marco ! rosie 's female CO - worker ( 30 , probably eat a lot of cheese ) look over -— grill 26 27 28 20 . female CO -worker you know that guy ? rosie we go to high school together . he 's a total player . female CO - worker ( watch Marco go ) yeah ... I have play with that . time lapse - as the line move through the two truck , the 26 food team work hard , put out food . dissolve to : ext . piedmont park - night 27 a empty bottle of wine roll on a blanket as Colin and trish sort of watch the movie . Colin 's feel good . he casually walk he hand up trish 's skirt . she whisper , faux scandalize - trish but , Dr. Cooper . we be in public . colin I know . it 's all so unschedule ... he give she little growl . trish growl back . ext . the meltdown cheese truck - later 28 rosie slam the heavy back door of the idling cheese truck . the truck pull away to reveal - Marco on the other side - with two cold beer and a smile . marco I win . his chef knife sling over he shoulder . the same one rosie have sling over she shoulder . she sigh . CUT to : 29 21. ext . piedmont parking lot / rosie 's shitty dodge neon - night 29 rosie and Marco sit on the hood of she batter dodge neon , he bike lean against the car . the ipod on she dash provide the soundtrack to they conversation . marco --- it 's true . I have a mad crush on you back in the day . rosie oh , so that 's why you ask two girl to prom ? marco I ask Mia , but then you break up with that lacrosse dude , so I have to make my move -— rosie - while also keep you option open . Nice . marco hey . I be not say it work . rosie do not worry about it . I block out most of high school , anyway . she wave she hand , revealing a bandage on she wrist . Marco take she wrist , look at it - marco hey . where have you get this ? rosie oh , that . yeah , I fight a grill and the grill win . marco '' chef hand . " occupational hazard . rosie totally . they be a real guy magnet . Marco hold up he hand , proudly show off a scar . marco my first cog au vin . five stitches . 30 22. rosie five ? that 's adorable . ( then , show another scar ) deli slicer . nearly take my thumb . marco ( be : a scar on he arm ) second degree burn from a double - boiler . make caramel . rosie mmm . Home - make caramel 's the best . marco never again . rosie ( show another scar ) this one . julien shallot . marco ( show another scar ) julianne . ex -girlfriend . rosie you probably deserve it . marco so mean . be you always this mean ? she smile and nod . Marco give she a look . a moment between they . rosie consider he , then let out a decisive sigh . rosie ok , trouble . I be gonna go . she slide off the hood . Marco give she a look , then hop off too . he make a show of open the car door for she . marco well , rosie brennen , it be good catch up . maybe I x11 see ya on the truck line again sometime . Marco formally hold out he hand . rosie shake it . rosie if you nre lucky . she let go , turn to get in she car . but then , rosie turn back to he and suddenly they be kissing . smash to : rosie and Marco make out against the car , all chemistry and 30 midnight madness . talk between kiss - 31 32 33 23.. rosie ( cont 'd ) ok , seriously , I be go ... ( more kissing ) this be I get in my car ... marco ( more kissing ) this be I wave goodbye ... later . rosie 's dodge neon now rock in the near-empty parking bi lot . her bare foot peek out a open window . Marco 's bike tip over , set off rosie 's car alarm , as ... across the parking lot 32 trish and Colin tip - toe out of a wood park area , wrap in they picnic blanket . he pick a leaf from she hair . then - colin be that we alarm ? and from the blink red tail light of rosie 's car to : int . jules' house - bedroom - los angele - morning 33 the sun stream in . the ( now clean ) celebrity dance off trophy sit on a night stand , next to a copy of the book - what to expect when you 're expect . a hand reach for a pair of eyeglasses . they slip onto the face of Evan as he gaze focus on Jules , already up and stretch . he watch she from bed , enjoy the view . she 's not show yet , but she boob look bigger . he smile . evan c'mon . let I see ‘em . Jules sigh , then flash Evan she new boob . he smile , give a appreciative slow - clap . evan ( cont 'd ) never get old . Jules drop she shirt and continue stretch . jule you sure you be not freaking out ? you can say so . I can take it . evan freak out 's a little strong . 34 24 . jule I just do not want you to feel trap . I really think I have a bad fallopian tube . honestly , if you do not think you can handle it - that 's fine - let 's not force it . Evan reach out and pull Jules back to bed with he . evan hey , idiot . I want to be with you before you be pregnant . this just speed thing up a bit . jule a lot . evan so ? we be old enough , we love each other , we can afford it , what 's to figure out ? he smile , kiss she . then - jule yeah , it 's not like it change who we be . evan exactly . so , what be you gonna do about you show ? jule New season start in three week , and we will be wrap before I have to deliver . ( beat , smile ) I be gonna help people get thin while I get fat . Evan laugh . Jules give he a last kiss , get out of bed and flash she boob one last time before head to the bathroom . CUT to : ext . OPEN house for sale - establishing - day 34 a pristine 1920 's house in historic Little five point . lot of character . a for sale sign in the yard . 35 25 . int . OPEN house for sale - day 35 Inside , wood floor , beautiful old window - the kind of place you buy and live in forever . couple linger , take it in . include nate and Holly , who be already decorate it in she mind . holly this be it . this be the one . nate what ?! no . we be not buy . we be just look . holly but can not you picture it ? the couch here , you and you keyboard over there , sing at we Christmas party . nate mime play the key as he make up a goofy song - nate be you effin crazy ? / first , we gotta deal with the baby / then we can talk house , my lovely spouse - Holly start defiantly sing she own song , Edward sharpe and the magnetic Zero 's '' Home . '' holly Home , let I come home home home - nate - oh no , uh-uh . you be not allow to use that song against I . I be the one who put it on you ipod . holly I know . it 's a good one . nate yeah . I be try to get it place in we United Airlines ad . Holly nod , then catch another couple seriously check out the house . she give they a territorial stare . holly nate . this be the one . 36 37 26 . nate we be just look . CUT to : ext . atlanta office park - day 36 food truck set up for the lunch rush outside a office park . at the Big pig truck , Marco chat up some flirty office girl . as they walk away , smile Marco turn and catch - rosie watch he . she look away . pretend not to care . marco rosie , hey . ' sup ? we should totally '' catch up '' again . soon. rosie uh , I dunno , Marco . I think we do it , I think we be all '' catch up . '' rosie get back to work . Marco playfully call after she - marco aw , you know this be not over . int . lactation room , the breast choice - day 37 trish be crash out in a private lactation room , curl up with two giant pregnancy pillow . janice trish ? you ok ? she slowly open a eye , drool run down she face . the pillow have huge drool pool on they . trish ( groggily , pat she belly ) what ?... oh ... I be dream I grow a kangaroo pouch . do I have a kangaroo pouch ? janice no . but that sound awesome . trish it be . I do not need a purse anymore . I keep my snack in there - trish suddenly stop . her eye pop open , realize ... 38 39 2l - int . drugstore shelf - day 38 a hand reach for a pregnancy test . pull back to reveal rosie hold it . as a painfully young teenage couple ( maybe 16 , in match black hoodies and skinny jeans ) hold the same test . the Teen girl give rosie a know look as ... ext . outdoor swimming pool - day 39 Colin , wear a swim-cap , goggle and a surf shirt , methodically swim lap . trish , pregnancy test in hand , frantically fast - walk past a ' no running 's sign to catch up alongside he . trish hey , Colin . Colin . sweetie . Colin , oblivious , flip - turn at the end of the lap . trish stay with he , try to get he attention . get louder . trish ( cont 'd ) Colin ! colin ! unable to get he attention . trish finally launch herself into the pool , attack he like a wet labrador . colin ( under attack ) argghhh ! trish ! good god , you know I be on lipitor ! trish ( scary scream ) I be pregnant ! colin you're ... what ? trish wave the pregnancy test . trish with child ! a beat . then —- colin I do it ! I preggoed you ! trish and Colin jump up and down in the pool , hugging . trish suddenly look rather turn on , start to make out with he . 40 28. the lifeguard blow he whistle as the pregnancy test float into the lane of a uptight guy swim lap . he try to splash the pregnancy test back to trish and Colin . other swimmer ew . keep it in you lane , people . int . rosie 's apartment - bathroom - day 40 bras and tights hang from the shower curtain rod . magazine be scattered across the vanity , include a life & style cover of Jules and Evan kissing with the headline - '' together and pregnant ! '' as rosie sit on the toilet stare at two positive pregnancy test . rosie s+ shlt molly ( 0.s. ) ( pound on the door ) rosie ! hurry up . I have to get ready for my interview . rosie sorry . come . rosie flush , quickly stuff the pregnancy evidence in a drawer and open the door as she two roommate - Molly and Courtney stumble in . Molly grab she purple bra from the curtain rod and slip it on under she shirt . molly God , this be depress . I work at urban outfitter my senior year . now I have to go crawl back . ( beat ) thanks for nothing , college degree . rosie olive Garden fall through , huh ? courtney aw , moll . we be really look forward to that free bread stick . molly do not worry . I still have that pervy manager at Outback who love I . he will hook we up with free drink and apps during happy hour . 41 42 29 , . courtney sound like dinner . rosie , you in ? rosie yeah . because all my life need right now be a free mai tai and some coconut shrimp . rosie walk to she bedroom and shut the door . Courtney and Molly share a look . molly what the hell ? I think she finally get laid . CUT to : ext . buckhead estate - day 41 Colin and trish stand at the door of a impose estate . trish 's breast look like they have grow three cup size since the last scene . she help psyche Colin up . trish do not let he get into you head . colin not today . he can not ruin this . trish nod in solidarity , then throws up in a BUSH . Colin make a gross face , then gently rub she back , as -— colin ( pre - lap ) ( cont ’d ) so , dad , trish and I have a little announcement to make ... ext . buckhead estate - back yard - day 42 tight on : Colin and trish sit at a outdoor table with brunch . a lush back yard and pool behind they . right on a pristine golf course . trish and colin we be pregnant ! reverse on : the other side of the table , where the older guy / young wife couple we see in the celebrity dance off audience now sit . young wife oh my god ! so be we ! 30 . this be ramsey cooper ( 60 , a robust rascal , always in Tommy bahama ) and he third - wife , skyler cooper ( 30 , as sweet as she be pretty ) . there 's a long beat as everyone process the weird news . then ramsey beam . ramsey well hell . I guess this mean congratulation to all of we . skyler and trish exchange polite smile . Colin just stare . colin uh , wow , dad . I have no idea you and skyler be even try . skyler we want to keep it quiet , in case it do not work . ramsey but first time 's a charm . colin actually , third time 's a charm . the say be '' third time 's - '' ramsey - not for we . first time get ‘er do . but y’all have be at ita while now , huh ? coupla year ? trish swallow , force a smile . Colin sigh . colin not everything 's a race , dad . ramsey not everything . just most thing . ( a smile , then ) aw , c’mon col , let 's celebrate . let 's go to margaritaville . colin I do not want to go to margaritaville , dad . ramsey everybody want to go to margaritaville . ramsey aim a remote at - 31 . a indoor / outdoor margaritaville bar , complete with signage . a expensive backyard shrine to Jimmy Buffet . light come on and margaritaville Music begin to play - ramsey ( cont 'd ) I ' 1ll break out the Don julio Blanco . colin it 's 11 be . I be not do shot . ramsey okey-doke . more for I . ramsey dance off to he bar to get he shot . skyler smile - skyler trish , I be so glad I have a baby expert in the family . do you feel anything yet ? trish just joy . and maybe a little nausea , plus some exhaustion , and I have to pee every five - ( catch herself , smile ) - but I be so happy ! every symptom be just proof that a miracle be happen inside I ! skyler yeah , I think I have have to give up tennis and run , but so far , I just have all this extra energy . trish look at skyler - the girl be stun . trish dig she fingernails into she hand as she smile and nod . skyler ( cont 'd ) plus , I be , like - ( a embarrassed whisper ) - crazy-horny . I mean , if I even get a whiff of ramsey , I have to pounce . I wear this old dog out . ramsey , return with he shot , and skyler share a giggle . ramsey hormone . what be you gonna do ? colin I dunno . maybe not talk about it over brunch ? that 's what I have do . 43 44 32 . int . buckhead estate - later 43 ramsey and skyler walk Colin and trish to the front door . they pass _a brag wall of photo , article , memento . showcase ramsey Cooper 's long , illustrious , nascar career . ramsey well , you step - mom and I really wish y’all could stay longer , but - colin - sorry . we have to go by Home Depot . and pick up some mulch . ramsey ok . but ya know what they say ... ( digging in he pocket ) money 's not everything , but it sure will keep you connect to you kid . ramsey pull out a giant money roll of hundred . he try to peel off a few bill for Colin , who refuse . colin dad , no . I do not need it . int . volvo - day 44 Colin drive . trish recline in the car seat as far as it go . baby Einstein music play as a work - up Colin ramble . colin really ? he have not do enough parental damage ? they have not even be marry a year ! ( then ) you know what ? we will not let it affect we . you , I and little '' Mini Cooper '' there will do great . trish '' Mini Cooper . '' so cute . Colin spot a cupcake bakery - colin you have any craving ? a cupcake , maybe . ( trish look ill ) ok , we will just get a few . Colin pull in . off trish 's face , look green , to ... 45 33. ext . behind the pig big truck - day 45 tight on : Marco also look ill . pull out to reveal : food truck be line up at a office park , prepping the lunch rush .. Marco pace . rosie just stare at he . marco you sure you take the test right ? rosie you pee on a stick . it 's pretty idiot proof . marco right , sorry . I just ... shit . wow . one night , huh ? rosie yeah . congratulation . you have robo-sperm . marco so ... what do you want to do ? rosie what do you want to do ? marco I dunno . I just get the information . I mean , you be the girl . do not you get to decide ? rosie great , so it 's all on I then ? marco - no . I do not mean that , I just ... fuck . ( then ) should we get marry ? rosie '' fuck . should we get marry ? '' well gee , when you put it that way . marco sorry , rosie . I be just try to do the right thing here . rosie then do not ask the wrong question . ( then ) ( more ) 46 47 34 . rosie ( cont 'd ) you know what ? just forget it . forget I say anything . I gotta get back to work . rosie turn to go . Marco move to go after she , but marcom boss ( 40s , grizzle ) intercept he - marco 's boss chef , let 's go . people gotta eat . int . interior design firm - work area -— day 46 Holly eat take - out lunch with she co-worker and friend , kara ( 30 , warm , chatty ) as they sort fabric sample . holly .-. I just wish he be as excited as I , you know ? he treat it like some chore I talk he into . ( then ) I dunno , maybe he 's not ready . kara stop . give Holly a look . kara dude 's group . holly Excuse I ? kara it 's like fight Club - only there 's no fight and the man have baby . ( off Holly 's look ) I do not know what happen there , I do not know what they talk about . all I know be Craig start go when I be pregnant with henri and he be lose he shit . now he love be a dad and he never miss a Saturday . ( beat ) you want nate ready ? send he to the dude . kara scribbles down the detail , hand the piece of paper to Holly , as ... int . obstetrician 's office - los angele - day 47 a obstetrician hand Jules and Evan a pamphlet on amniocentesis as he walk they out of a exam room . 35 . Jules carry a pregnancy binder , already full of research . Lady like to be inform . obstetrician you be in great health , you blood pressure 's low - evan - see ? great health . that 's all we need to know . let 's not go crazy with the research . jule what ? I like the research . it soothes I . obstetrician then you will love '' the wall . '' see you two next month . he smile and exit . as Jules turn to - a wall of pamphlet on pregnancy - related topic . Jules sigh abhh . as Evan look worried . evan no . I do not want to know about everything that can go wrong . as Jules start gather one of each . jule ( read as she grab ) breast-feed ... cord-Bank ... the Bradley birthing method ... circumcision : yes or no ? - evan - of course . how be that even a question ? a young nurse walk past , stop - young nurse actually , a lot of couple be choose not to circumcise this day . insurance do not even cover it anymore . she smile , exit . Jules nod - then add that pamphlet to the pile . Evan look at she like she 's a little bit insane . CUT to : 36 . 48 ext . food truck - later rosie , exhaust at the end of she shift , throw she knife over she shoulder , when someone grab she hand ... Marco . he give she a look . marco hey . I be not go to forget it . rosie sigh , give a little nod . 49 int . rosie 's apartment —- night Molly and Courtney watch ' lose it 's on tv . 49pt on screen : Jules ( bigger boob , no belly yet ) ride in the back of a slow - move pick - up truck , yell at 12 obese contestant , all push the truck across a football field . jule ( on tv ) keep pushing ! ( then ) say ' I ’m worth it ! 's contestant ( on tv ) I ’m worth it ! molly this show make I so hungry . rosie open the front door and enter with Marco . she chuck a bag of leftover to the girl . they curious gaze be on Marco . rosie Marco , this be Courtney and Molly . and vice-versa . marco hey . courtney whoa , the Marco ? molly ( nodd with approval ) well do , rosie . well . done . rosie ignore she . my room 's over here . Marco follow rosie to she bedroom . the door open to reveal - 48 49 49pt 37 . int . nate and holly 's house - day 50 nate sorting CD in he office ( the 2 live Crew album be back in place ) . Holly stand in the doorway . nate no way . uh-uh , I be not go to that . I have already get friend . holly but this guy all have baby . nate I know . that sound terrible . ( catch himself ) I mean , I 'il be down with we kid when it 's time , but - holly - Craig go . you like Craig . nate I like Craig at a barbecue . not as a force play date . nate move to put on head phone . then - holly if you go , just once , I 'il give you a b.j. right here , right now . nate stop , put he headphone down . nate b.j. blackmail ? that 's the card you be throwin’ down ? Holly give he a coy smile , slowly nod , move in - nate ( cont ’d ) Fine , but a real one . not one of that where you get half - start , then the phone ring and you wander off and start talk to you mom . Holly put she hand over he mouth to shut he up . holly shh. 51 52 38 . ext . piedmont park - parking lot - morning 51 Saturday morning . people in the park power walk and jog . nate stand by he car , drink coffee . when he spot - in dramatic slow - mo - a motley crew of dad ( about 6 ) all walk towards he . it 's reservoir dog - with stroller . the group be head up by VIC ( 30 , a gregarious bear of a guy ) , wear a baby bjorn , push a double stroller , trail by a toddler , haskel ( 3 , plastic sword , black eye ) . as they get closer , craig ( 30 , perpetually exhaust , push baby henri in a stroller ) give nate a sleepy fist-bump . nate hey Craig . craig ( do the introduction ) nate , vic. Vic , nate . vic welcome to thunderdome . let 's walk . nate cautiously join the guy as Vic lead they through the 52 park , down a trail . he look over , size nate up - VIC ( cont 'd ) I sense you fear . it 's cool , you be still on the other side . craig stay there , nate . seriously , man . vic Craig 's have a rough week . kara take a three - day business trip . and little Henry there get sick . Vic pull out a flask from he bjorn , toss it to Craig . VIC ( cont 'd ) there you go , big guy . walk it off . craig ( to nate ) oh , and around kara , he 's still ' henri . 's let 's keep ' Henry 's on the dl . vic see , nate . woman pretty much control the baby universe . ( more ) 39 . vic ( cont 'd ) and why not ? they carry the damn thing . but here , we be free . no one 's look over you shoulder if you put the diaper on wrong , or do not heat up the bottle . and if you wife name you kid '' henri '' and you want to call he '' Henry '' - go for it . this be a safe place . nate good to know . you look like you have get you hand full there , Vic . vic yep . I get four under five . ava , the baby here , sailor and stella , the twin , and haskel the rascal back there . ( turn , yell at haskel ) yo , buddy . keep up ! ( beat ) I mean , sure , twice a year , I think about the price of college and weep in my car . but then I punch myself in the nut and get over it . ( beat , a smile ) it 's awful , but it 's so beautiful . do you have life insurance ? nate we have be meaning to . vic I 'il hook you up . you will need that . just then , gabe , the portliest , hair- thinningest of the group , spot someone run toward they - gabe whoa . wait for it ... and then , the guy all break into a burly cheer as - all the guy da - VIS ! da - VIS ! da - VIS ! davis ( 36 , a rugge alpha male with a great head of hair ) come jogging up . the kind of guy woman want , man want to be . fist bump all around . Davis be tan , healthy , unencumber . not part of dude group , but nice enough to say hello . 40 . davis what 's up , fella , offspring - everyone good ? haskel , nice shiner . Vic , do you do that ? vic you kid ? I can not take this guy . that be all he mom . Three round . Davis laugh as he hop on a pull up bar , casually talk as he work out . never out of breath . the guy watch in awe . gabe so , D , where you be ? we have not see you around . davis yeah , I have to get some work do . vic ( to nate ) '' work . '' this asshole 's a surf photographer , travel all over . davis costa rica . Davis , one - arming it now , hand over he iphone , show the guy he incredible surf picture - they look on in awe . then accidentally scroll to a photo of a stun girl in a bikini - no top . now they really look . even nate . but Davis hop down , grab the phone away with a tell smile . davis ( cont 'd ) whoa . hey . that 's censor . patel ( 30 , indian descent , but all american dude , also wear a baby bjorn ) sigh . patel costa rica look spectacular . gabe ( hand Davis he water ) I gotta get better picture on my phone . davis aw c'mon , you guy be live the real dream . Davis say this . but he clearly love he life as -is . 4 ) . davis ( cont 'd ) so , Patel , what 's the Challenger report ? you ready to sell it yet ? patel never . davis good man . I respect you stand . gabe oh please . ask he the last time he drive it . you can not fit a car seat in that thing ! patel gabe , I understand you have embrace the mini-van , but that 's you journey . I do not want to drive a vagina on wheel . vic ( to nate ) Patel 's wife want he to trade in he ' 71 Challenger . we have bet on how long he can hold out . nate smile . he kind of like this crew . craig he test drive a odyssey last week . the guy all groan - oh no , Patel 's in trouble . patel so ?! that do not mean anything ! nate yeah . I look at open house with Holly , but we be not buy one . they guy 's collective bullshit-groan be even louder now . Vic grin , put a sage hand on nate 's shoulder - vie when you wife say you be just test drive mini van , you be buy a mini van . and when she say you be just look at house , you be buy a house . nate suddenly look concerned . 5 , 54 42 . int . rosie 's apartment - bedroom - night 53 rosie 's room be a mess of cookbook and clothes . Marco and rosie lay side by side . stare at the ceiling . rosie and what if ... I want to have it ? marco then I have definitely have to pick up extra shift . and start save . so ... this be what you want to do ? rosie sort of ... I think I have to . marco ok , then . there 's a beat as the reality of do this settles on they . marco ( cont ’d ) so , like , be you expect I to stay over or ...? Marco roll over , look at rosie . but she 's already asleep . int . the breast choice - day 54 trish be on the store phone . she look like hell ( she boob be even bigger ) but she smile through it . Janice be nearby do breast Pump inventory . trish ( on the phone ) ..- no , thank you . that 's right , breast be best ! bye . trish hang up , force a triumphant smile . trish ( cont ’d ) it happen , Janice . ( suddenly teary ) you be look at one of the key note speaker of the next regional La leche conference . janice oh trish ! look at you , you be live you wisdom ! just then , trish 's iphone ring . with predatory speed , she grab a baby monitor and slam it down , crushing the iphone . 55 56 57 43. Janice jump . customer turn and stare . trish smile , sigh . trish landline only from now on . gotta protect my miracle . janice ( nod , then a little sad ) shame . I be really want a iphone . off the destroy phone ... int . interior design firm - conference room - day 55 Holly discreetly check she vibrate phone as she boss ken ( 40s , gay , take himself seriously ) walk a client through the fancy room plan . ken .-- and I propose a pair of french bergere chair here ... the screen on Holly 's phone read : Christian World adoption . her heart start to race as she duck out - int . interior design firm - bathroom —- day 56 Holly slip into the bathroom and breathlessly answer - holly be this it ?! be this the call ?! a female voice on the other end laugh . int . christian world adoption office - day 57 they Social Worker sit in front of she computer screen , with they adoption file open . social worker I have good news . you want to call I back when you and nate be at a computer together - holly - give I thirty minute ! Holly sprint out of the bathroom - 44 . 58 int . interior design firm - work area - day 58 past kara 's desk - holly I be take a early lunch . family emergency . tell ken. Love you ! 59 int . ad agency office - reception area - day 59 a small boutique agency . Holly tear past the receptionist - 60 int . ad agency - editing suite - day 60 in the darken suite , nate and he ad team gather as a editor play the UNITED airline TRAVEL ad with the Edward sharpe '' Home '' song behind it . the second it finish , the door open and Holly pop she head in - holly hi guy . any chance I can borrow nate for two secs ? ad guy take he sorry ass . we be do . nate ( smile as he get up ) check out the other two track . but I be tell you , ' Home 's 's the one . as nate step into the hall - 61 int . ad agency -— hallway 61 Holly hug he , a sudden mess of excitement and nerve . holly the agency call ! this be it ! nate ( shocked ) already !? it 's suppose to be at least six month . not two . 62 int . nate 's office - minute later 62 nate have a tiny office , cover in music paraphernalia . Holly sit on he lap in front of he computer . they talk to they Social Worker on speaker phone - 63 45 . social worker ( on speaker ) 63 .-- you jump ahead because the three couple in front of you request girl . I be send the picture now . his name be kaleb , he 's three month old - holly - what happen to he mother ? social worker we do not know . he be abandon in front of a orphanage in addis . Holly gasp , put she hand over she mouth . social worker ( cont ’d ) he 's a healthy , normal boy . but we do not have family medical history and probably never will . you two need to consider whether that will be a issue for you - nate look concerned . holly - it 's , not ! nate 's email chime . holly ( cont 'd ) open it ! nate click on the picture . a beat - and suddenly - the screen fill with a image of smiling kaleb ( 3 month ) , the cutest little ethiopian baby you have ever see . Holly take one look at he -— holly ( cont 'd ) he 's ... gorgeous ! - and start to cry . nate rub she shoulder , but do not feel the same instant connection . social worker this be you time . I be hang up . call I if you need anything . click . Holly and nate stare at the photo . it 's a surreal , but beautiful moment . Holly reach out , touch the screen . 64 65 66 67 68 46 . holly can you feel it , nate ? it 's really happen . ( choke up ) we be gonna be a family . nate yeah . Real soon . and from nate 's look of quiet panic , music crank and - pregnancy progression montage : Jules and Evan get a ultrasound , she baby bump start to show . the lab tech smile at - first lab tech --- a boy . trish and Colin . trish ( look like hell ) smile , then cry . then wet herself . we pan back to a second lab tech in front of a ultrasound screen who smile at - second lab tech it 's a girl . ramsey and skyler ( look great ) who beam . then make out . we pan back to a third lab tech , who announce to -— third lab tech it 's a - evan - no , wait ! I want it to be surprised . jule I be pregnant . that 's all the surprise I need . just tell we - third lab tech a boy . Jules and Evan squeeze hand , share a teary look . but he really want to be surprised . we pan back to a FOURTH lab tech , who hand a little fuzzy ultra SOUND photo to — 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72pt 72 73 74 75 76 47 . FOURTH lab tech it 's a little soon . we will know the sex in a couple of week . rosie and Marco . rosie can not take she eye off the ultrasound . she even smile a little . so do Marco . wow. life . we move out the window to the - STREET - where we pick up a killer 1971 dodge challenger drive by Patel that pull into - piedmont park - where the dude gather near as Davis hand 69 Patel a check and take the keys . Patel cry . gabe collect money from Vic and Craig - he win the bet . tight on nate , look concerned - pull out from nate as the for -sale house now get a escrow 70 sign . Holly kiss he , beam . she continue smile as - holly show nate a nursery design plan of the nursery . nate 71 check the price of the crib - $ 800 . fuck . in the b.g. , Jules 's show ' lose it and weep 's play on tv . Jules , belly a little bigger , scream at obese contestant on treadmills . off they tv , we be in - 72pt colin and trish 's live room - they also watch ' lose it and 72 weep 's in they snuggy while Colin stuff he face . and trish ( she belly a little bigger ) fastidiously hi-light she copy of what to expect . off Jules on tv , we be now with - jule on the set of ' lose it and weep 's - jogging alongside 73 she contestant , yell they as they hike . cameras stop roll . Jules collapse in a chair , exhaust . she pick up a pregnancy binder , study the '' circumcision : yes or no ? " pamphlet . off the pamphlet - a knife slice a baby carrot —- rosie at work at night ( at a 74 art walk , people wander in and out of nearby gallery ) as Molly and Courtney drop by to scam free sandwich . molly thanks for the free grub . and you boob be epic . rosie I know . I be get crazy tip . tight on : a tip jar full of money that rosie carry as she 75 leave work . Marco rush up and help carry she knife . after a beat , he take she hand . they share a look and smile . rosie at home - sit on the couch , eat a obscene bowl of 76 cereal . 48 . Molly sit next to she , flipping through she copy of what to expect as Courtney massage rosie 's foot . a '' 16 and pregnant '' marathon play on MTV . molly dude . when be you go to tell you parent ? rosie soon . I just want thing to feel a little more settle . end montage . 77 int . fit pregnancy photoshoot - los angele - day uh Jules , at a photoshoot , show off she new belly ( 5 month now , which she can not stop protectively touch ) . we see copy of the magazine fit pregnancy scattered here and there . photographer thank you , Jules . we get it . everyone break . a excited magazine editor rush up . magazine editor we be so excited to have you as we April cover mom . jule let 's keep it positive . ( look she ringing cell ) ' scuse I , one sec. ( answer ) hi. do you watch it ? 78 int . celebrity dance off set - los angele - day 78 Evan , take a break from a dress rehearsal with he new dance partner ( wanda syke ) , talk on he cell . we intercut : evan ( on the phone ) the circumcision video you send ? give I a little warning next time . I be eat lunch . now I be scar for life . wanda ( stand near Evan ) we all be . 49 . jule ( on the phone ) well , think of how it be for a baby . honestly , I never give it a second think , but I can not do it . Jules be at a snack table stuff she face . she drop a 79 cheeto into she grow cleavage . pick it out , eat it . Jules be oblivious to the Magazine editor nearby listen . jule ( cont 'd ) it 's not even medically necessary . and , do you know , it make the penis less sensitive . I be not circumcise my baby . evan whoa , hey . he 's my baby too . jule Fine . but why would we do it ? evan um , because I be jewish ? jule you be only half - jewish . Christmas - tree jewish , you say . evan yeah , but my penis be full jew. ( then ) Jules , have you be with a uncut guy ? you know what that look like ? jule yes . and I like the helmet as much as the next girl . but maybe it 's because I have be condition to . if you have you foreskin , I would still love you . maybe even more . ( beat ) just a tip more . evan I can not believe we be have this conversation . jule I know , it weird . ( then ) any way you slice it . 80 50 . evan ( smile ) well . let 's not lose we head over ale jule but the issue be two -fold , be not it ? evan yes , and I have feel shaft if we do not do it . ( she laugh , then ) can we talk about it later ? I be work here . jule evan ok . Love you . bye . Love you . bye . Evan hang up , look at wanda who 's be wait . wanda do not cut the kid . Evan laugh , shake he head as they take to the floor . music start and as they tango become ... int . rosie 's parent 's house - live / dine room - night 80 celebrity dance off play on a tv in a middle class suburb house in b.g. where rosie have dinner with she young mom and dad and brother trevor ( 15 , jackass T-shirt , full - on obnoxious ) . rosie plow through a heaping plate of lasagne . rosie 's dad so , lambchop . what 's new with you ? how 's the ol’ cheese truck ? rosie good . I get to plan a lot of the menu . I like that part . rosie 's dad there you go . get as much responsibility as possible . rosie 's mom be you dating anyone ? 5 ) . rosie um , actually . I be kind of see this guy , Marco . he be a year ahead of I at River oak . rosie 's mom not the one stand you up for you prom ? rosie ( smile , nod ) that 's the one . he 's not so bad . rosie 's mom so , be he like a boyfriend , or ... rosie look at she parent . she want to tell they , but - rosie uh , we be just hang out for now . rosie 's dad hanging out . what do that even mean this day ? trevor it mean they be buckfuddy , dad . rosie trevor ! Jesus , can not you guy muzzle he or something ? rosie 's dad we try . he chew through . trevor what ? Mom say I have to interact at dinner . I be interact . rosie 's dad and how be Courtney and Molly ? rosie same ol 's . if it be not for the cheese truck , they would starve . but Courtney 's in law school , so she have a excuse . Molly 's just Molly . trevor dude , moll be so hot . you should totally let I stay over at you place . get some good Facebook photo . 81 52 . rosie yeah , you can woo she with you 900 theory about ' inception . 's Girls really love stuff like that . rosie 's mom well , I think it 's so great . you guy all live together , have you adventure now . I envy you , rosie . I be off have baby before I have the chance . enjoy it now . every second of it . rosie force a smile . shit . she can not say anything now . and off they meal , we find ... int . elegant steak house - night Colin and trish ( look progressively worse ) dine with ramsey and skyler ( look progressively more radiant ) . ramsey squint , try to make out Colin and trish 's fuzzy , black and white ultrasound photo - ramsey a boy , huh ? kinda look like the lochness monster , but ok , I x11 take you word for it . skyler he 's beautiful , y’all . ramsey now I ’1ll see ya a baby ... and raise you one more . bam . ramsey slap down a bad - ass 3 - D ultrasound picture like a win poker hand . suddenly the black and white look lame . trish oh. twin . ( swallow she envy ) so great ! colin and you get the 3 - D ultrasound . ramsey yep . kinda wish you have do it now , do n’tcha , col ? yeah , you do . the chipper waiter come by . 82 83 53. waiter so , who want dessert ? everyone shake they head , stuff . colin - I do . ext . rosie 's apartment - night 82 rosie trudge home from dinner to find Marco sit on the step wait for she . she brighten . marco so , how would it go ? rosie I ’'1l tell they next week . marco well . you can not hide it much longer . they head inside . int . rosie 's bedroom —- night 83 Marco sit in rosie 's bed , send a text as rosie change . he look up , watch she a beat . then hold up he phone . marco hey . turn to the side . show I the belly . I wanna see it . rosie ( turn to the side ) you can not even tell - Marco snap a cell phone photo , then several more as he talk . marco - yeah , but I be gonna take one every week , watch you two grow . rosie give he a look , smile . Marco pull she to bed with he . kiss she cheek . rosie I be really glad you be here . 54 . marco yeah ? where else would I be ? he pull she close . kiss she again . they drift to sleep . dissolve to : 84 the clock read 2:00 be . rosie sit up in bed , shaking Marco 84 awake . panic in she voice . rosie Marco ... Marco , wake up . marco ( groggy voice ) huh ? rosie - rosie - something 's wrong ! I be bleed . cur to : 85 int . hospital examination room - night 85 rosie lie on the table watch the ultrasound . Marco , exhaust , hold she hand . the female doctor probe ... with a worried expression . then - place she hand on rosie 's arm and gently speak to she . we do not hear what she say , but we know . the Doctor exit . rosie turn she face away from the ultrasound and Marco . tear stream down she face . rosie it 's my fault . I wish it . marco no you do not . do not say that . rosie start to sob , hard . Marco , awkwardly , reach out and rub she back . 86 ext . rosie 's apartment build - almost dawn 86 Marco help rosie out of the car . she will not look at he . marco here . let I help you inside . 55 . rosie no. I get it . ( then ) congratulation . you be off the hook . marco rosie — he reach out for she arm , but rosie jerk away . rosie - do not ! we be not a couple , Marco . we have never even be on a date , so let 's just do ourselves a favor and quit pretend , ok ? Marco stop . nod quietly . then - marco but I need you car key . to get my bike . rosie stop , turn back , hold out she key to he -— Marco unlock the trunk , take out he bike . reattaches the front wheel . marco ( cont ’d ) you sure you do not want I to walk you in ? I be here . I want to . she defiantly shake she head and gingerly walk to she apartment . Marco watch she . molly ( 0.s. ) rosie ! hey . wait up . Molly catch up . her 's hair a mess , she make - up smear - the full - on walk of shame . molly ( cont ’d ) tequila shot . do not judge . ( then ) oh shit , ro - you ok ? rosie shake she head no , collapse into Molly 's arm . Molly look back at Marco — just stand there . feeling helpless . after a beat , he get on he bike and pedal away . off he bike wheel , sunrise turn to day and ... 87 56 . int . piedmont park - day 87 we pick up stroller wheel as nate walk with the dude - Vic , Craig and Patel . Vic 's son , haskel now wear a snoopy sling , but still run around like a maniac . nate .-- they say it be go to be at least a year . that 's the one thing you can count on with adoption , right ? - time . I need that time , man . to save , to get ready - vic - there 's no such thing as ready . you just jump on the move train and try not to die . gabe catch up with he stroller , have miss most of the conversation . gabe do not worry , nate . I be terrify too , but then you be in that hospital room , she leg be splay open , she 's grunt like a animal , and out slide this little miracle - half you , half she - you DNA all mix into one magical little baby cocktail . ( get really emotional ) best day of you life . Vic pop gabe on the back of the head . vic that 's touch , gabe . but nate here 's adopt he baby . Vic pass nate 's iphone around show the photo of kaleb . gabe oh , sorry . but , hey , even better . at least you know you be get a healthy one , right ? nate sigh , this be not help . at all . vic you just have to get use to baby they smell you fear . like bear . craig yeah . here , try hold Henry - dae all the guy vic do not touch Craig 's baby ! that kid 's a grenade and he will go off . start with ava here . she never cry . she roll off the change table last week - barely a whimper . nate you drop you kid off a change table !? how be that even possi - gabe - it 's really common . you can not judge until you be a parent , nate ! vic for the record , it do not happen on my watch . all the guy nod and hi-five Vic . not he fault - nice . Vic lift baby ava out of the bjorn and hand she to nate - nate uh , no really , that 's ok , I - but ava be already in nate 's hand . and immediately , the precious angel start to wail like a siren . nate freak - nate ( cont ’d ) - take she back ! take she back ! Vic take baby ava back , with a shrug . vic well . fatherhood 's not for everyone . nate Big help , guy . glad I come out . gabe stop . wait for it ... everyone da - VIS ! da - VIS ! da - VIS ! Davis jog up . start do he pull up . davis fellas , kid . whoa , haskel . ( to Vic ) ( more ) 88 58. davis ( cont 'd ) kid 's more bang up than mickey rourke in ' the wrestler . 's Vic shake he head in parental pain . vic he jump out he window and break he collarbone . we take he to the hospital and when he see that giant x- ray light come down on he , he start cry , get all scared . and I be like , '' hey buddy , it 's ok , it 's just go to take a picture of you bone . '' and haskel stop cry and go , '' ok , cheese . '' the guy with baby grin and nod in bittersweet solidarity . VIC ( cont 'd ) it 's awful , but it 's so beautiful . on that note , Davis jog off . and nate want to go with he . CUT to : int . interior design firm - conference room - day 88 Holly sit across from she boss ken and a hr director . she be blind -side , try to keep it together . holly but ... I do not understand . I leave another job to come here . ken and a few month ago , thing be different . but now we have several major project on hold and have to go lean to survive . holly ( sigh ) right . last one hire , first one fire . ken Holly , you be a talented designer . we just can not afford you right now . holly ( start to panic ) but I be about to close on a house . I have a baby on the way . 89 90 91 59 . ken oh . I have no idea you be pregnant . congratulation . he smile . Holly burst into tear . int . holly 's car - day 89 Holly pull she car to a stop in front of the new house she now can not afford , a '' in escrow '' sign on the front lawn . a cute young couple walk by , push a stroller , with another baby on the way . off the wife pregnant belly to ... int . breast choice - day 90 Jules 's pregnant belly on the cover of a stack of fit pregnancy magazine that hit the counter . trish ( 6 month now , look worse ) grab a copy and look at it with Janice . Jules look radiant , but the cover headline be a surprise . in huge letter , Jules 's cover story read - '' I be not circumcise my baby . '' off the magazine , we find ... ext . ' lose it and weep 's set - los angele - day 91 Evan stand near he car , hold the magazine , quietly argue with Jules - ( close to 7 month now ) - as the crew and the remain 6 contestant all watch , whisper . evan Jules , just let I have this , ok ? 6000 year of tradition , my cultural identity . why be this such a big deal to you ? jule because I do not think it 's right . and I do not care if it sound crazy . I be he mother . evan and I be he father . parenthood be about compromise . jule so , compromise , Evan . evan I have . I be the one who move into you house . and I love my condo . 60 . jule what about I ? I be sacrifice my entire body for this ! evan so that mean you just get to win every argument ? we will '' discuss it '' , mean Jules just get she way ? ( she smile - sure ) no . I be not that guy . and we be not go to parent like that . we be in this together . jule look , Evan . in every relationship there 's a alpha and a beta , and I just think we have we role confuse here . they both stop and look at each other . evan jule I be the alpha . I be the alpha . evan jule what ? no , I be the alpha ! what ? no , I be the alpha ! evan jule no , I am ! no , I am ! evan you know why we win that competition , Jules ? because you let I lead . jule no . I only let you think you be lead . that 's why we win . they stare each other down a stubborn beat . then - evan you know what . I do not care what you tell some magazine , I still have a say in what happen to my son . I gotta get to rehearsal . Evan toss the mag back to Jules . Evan get in he car and peel away . Jules sigh . a camera guy walk past Jules . he have a Australian accent . 92 92pt 93 61 . australian camera guy I do not get snipped . no one do back home . it 's great . Jules nod , then see all contestant look at she . jule get on that treadmills ! you have a weigh - in tomorrow and someone 's go home ! and off the Magazine in Jules 's hand ... sheryl crow 's cover of the first cut be the deepest play as ... int . nate and holly 's house - evening 92 on tv - Evan spin into frame , waltzing with wanda on nate and Holly 's tv . as the sheryl crow song finish play . nate , surround by tool and stroller part ( try and 92pt fail to put it together ) look up at Holly . she have she laptop open , update she portfolio . nate notice - nate you should go out on you own . ( then ) I mean , not yet . we can not afford it . but in a few year . Holly nod , almost say something , but stop when nate , frustrated with the stroller , chuck the screwdriver . nate ( cont 'd ) if this be a parent test , I fail already . Holly sigh . a nursery image on she website become ... int . breast choice - day 93 a stack of post card with a '' Holly Bowen design '' logo that Holly hand to trish , now 6 month pregnant , look more wreck . holly --.- so if anyone need help with a nursery or just get organize , I can take care of all of that . trish sure . leave they on the counter . 94 62. holly great . thank you so much . ( look at trish 's belly ) and congratulation . trish oh thanks . it 's - ( she eye go wide ) - oh ! there 's a kick , ok . a move baby be a healthy baby ! Holly 's gaze linger a beat as trish suddenly realize - trish ( cont ’d ) oh , you wanna ...? trish take Holly 's hand and place it on she belly . Holly feel a kick . she smile , then suddenly tear up . holly it really be a miracle , be not it ? trish smile , nod . then fart . off Holly 's stifle laughter , we pick up ... ext . little five point bar / food truck - night 94 the laughter of partier out on a Saturday night . they wander in and out of bar as food truck serve the late night / early hangover crowd . in the meltdown truck , rosie , detach , keep she head down , chopping some onion as hungry patron wait . her co - worker look back from work the window - CO - worker damn , girl , the grill gorgonzola be kill tonight . rosie just keep chopping , but look up briefly out and see - the young teen couple from when rosie get she pregnancy test walk by . still in they black hoodies and skinny jeans - only now the girl have a big pregnant belly . the whole world slow and distort as rosie watch the couple - laugh , he hand on she belly . it 's like some blissful postcard from a life rosie will not ever have . co- worker ( cont ’d ) rosie ... rosie ! 95 96 63. rosie snap to and look down to see she hand bleed all over the onion . she cut herself . rosie grab a towel , cover she hand . as another CO - worker jump in to pick up the slack . other co-worker take a break . I get this . rosie sit on the back bumper of the truck . across the 95 street , she see -— Marco and he crew , blast music from the pig as they work and flirt with girl . a hot girl dangle a habanero pepper over j.j. 's mouth as everyone cheer he on . marco do not do it , bro ! a habanero 's not worth the forty buck ! but j.j. swallow the entire hot pepper . then scream . everyone laugh and cheer . it 's like a party on that truck . rosie look back down at she hand , bleed through the white towel and start to cry . sobbing by herself , as music plays . fade to black . int . breast choice - day 96 trish , now 7 month , rock in a glider , she foot on a yoga ball , as Janice , laptop open , help plan she baby shower . janice ( read ) '' ... so0 let 's shower trish & Colin Cooper with light and love to honor the arrival of they Mini Cooper . '' and then I 'il put a little picture of a Mini Cooper on the evite . trish ( chugge some tum ) that 's beautiful , Janice . I - - trish look up and see a actual mini cooper convertible park outside . and out step -— skyler - 7 month pregnant , with the cutest baby bump you have ever see . she wear short - short and sexy stiletto boot . it 's effortless . she make she way to the store -— 64 . janice trish , look away . you do not need to see this . but too late . trish struggle to she foot as skyler enter the store . trish I have to . she 's my step -mother - in - law . Janice nod - oooccokay - as skyler enter the store . skyler hi trish ! wow - look at we belly . we be like twin ! skyler move into frame with trish , who dwarf she . skyler ( cont 'd ) I just want to stop by and personally invite you to we baby shower . ( beat ) I know thing have always be rocky between Colin and ramsey , but we be family , and it would mean the world to I if y’all come . she hand trish a very chic BOX . even the invite be stun . trish open the box - it have two mini cooper hot wheel car . with a note that say - '' Mini cooper on the way ! '' trish just stop - that be go to be she shower theme . trish oh. Mini Cooper . so cute ! ( a smile , then ) so , skyler , seven month now , you feel ok ? skyler I just feel so whole and feminine - with all this life run through I -- oh , what be I say ? trish , you know how it be . the more sklyer talk , the more trish can not take it . skyler ( cont 'd ) of course , I have to get the nursery decorate , but - 65 . trish grab Holly 's design card and shove the whole stack at skyler - trish - there you go ! done ! skyler see ?! you be such a great resource ! well , can not wait to see y’all at the shower . trish and skyler share and awkward hug over they belly . trish I x11 tell colin . as skyler walk out , trish tilt she head , get a good look at the back of she thigh in short - short . trish ( cont 'd ) no cellulite . not even in daylight . janice I do not have leg that good when I be - ever . as skyler walk to she car , even man who could give a shit about a pregnant lady stop and stare . Janice sigh . janice ( cont 'd ) she 's like a magical pregnancy unicorn . 97 int . trish and colin 's house - night 97 trish , in she snuggie , show Colin the invitation . Colin get fatter , look at it . colin Mini Cooper ? Colin crumple it up , chuck it in the trash . colin ( cont 'd ) no. I be do compete with he . I will not get suck in . Colin grab a cupcake , settles into ' lose it and weep 's on tv - 97pt where the perky host stand with Jules and announce the 97pt final four . 98 66 . perky host and a little head up America , while we send this four home to train on they own before we live finale , some of we previous season 's contestant be go to get a little surprise . jule that 's right . I be go to be drop in on some of you guy to see how you have be keep the weight off . ( beat , smile ) you have be warn . off the show , we be in ... int . jules' house - bedroom - los angele - night 98 Jules , 8 month pregnant now , briskly waddle around pack for she trip as Evan look concerned . evan they can not get someone else to fly around and do this interview ? I do not like you travel this late . jule no one 's ask you to stop do you job . this be my contestant , I be with they when they lose that weight . Jules stop , short of breath . this worry Evan . evan you be push yourself too hard . especially at you age - jule ( now piss ) - thanks , ry. Big help . really . evan sorry , what ? I be not suppose to even mention reality ? jule my amnio be great and my blood pressure 's low , ok ? 67 . evan someone should go with you . jule I have my crew , but if you want to leave you show and come , you be welcome to . Jules give Evan a point look . then - evan Fine . i’1l go with you . jule really ? you 's 1ll leave the show ? evan yeah . just agree to circumcise little Jackson there and I be in . jule no . I be not have this conversation again . we already decide . evan no , you decide . that 's not the same thing . jule and we be not name he Jackson . I hate that name . evan you like it last week . jule I change my mind ! I be allow to change my mind ! evan well , hey - maybe you 's 1ll change you mind on circumcision too . jule Evan , get out of my room ! - evan - right . you room . you house . you rule . ( then ) how about this , Jules . ( more ) 68 . evan ( cont 'd ) why do not you just make every decision about we child 's entire life and then send I a email when you have figure it all out ? Evan walk out of the room . Jules call after he - jule and why do not you go back to you condo and leave I alone ! she slam the bedroom door . lock it . Evan stand in the hall there a beat , but do not try to coax she out . CUT to : 99 int . jules' house - live room - los angele - before 99 sunrise Jules wheel she suitcase through the live room to the front door to go as a sleepy Evan rise from she sofa , have stay there all night . Evan get up , follow she to the door . she stop , they look at each other a beat . he put he hand protectively on she belly a beat . then , quietly - evan I really do not want you to go . jule Heard you the first time . Jules sigh , open the door . a town car wait outside . Evan try to help she with she suitcase . evan here , let I help you - jule - I get it . evan right . you can do it all on you own . CUT to : 100 int . rosie 's apartment - night 100 rosie lay on the couch wear miss - match pjs , bing on a marathon of '' 16 and pregnant . '' Molly and Courtney walk in . 101 102 molly you have to stop watch this . it 's not help . rosie just blink . turn up the tv . courtney C ’mon , ro , you come home from work and just camp out there . it 's be over a month . Molly gently take the remote - rosie - no , no , no - it 's the part where Adam leave carley at the hospital . - and click off the tv . Molly look at rosie . molly we get you a surprise . ext . atlanta dive bar - night 69 . 101 Holly and nate , also dress up , walk to the entrance of a dive bar . nate stop at the door , take Holly 's hand . nate I realize how much you have be do , between work and get everything ready for the baby , and - holly ( suddenly feel guilty ) - nate , about work . I - nate - no shop -talk tonight . I just wanna remind you we can still kick it nate and holly-style . nate smile , push open the door and ... int . dive bar - night voice surprise ! 102 all they friend and family be there , include the dude walk guy , nate 's co-worker . and a pile of baby gift . 103 70 . holly ( turn to nate ) you set this up ? nate I have a little help . kara rush over with two tacky sombreros ( one say ' papi’ , one say ' mamacita 's ) and plop they on nate and Holly 's head . kara happy dive - bar , baby shower ! nate smile at Holly . she feel even more guilty . he spot a little karaoke stage , start rub he hand together . nate ooh kara , you get we jam ? kara you know it , Mr. Bowen . music kick in as - montage : nate and holly karaoke baby shower 103 drink get pass , savore . Holly take two . nate 's on the stage , kill a cover of the human League 's do not you want I baby , sung as do not you want a baby . Holly join in , make it a duet . more drink get pass , savore , everyone tipsy . now nate and the dude walk guy be on stage sing . nate and Holly open up they present , hold up one music - — theme onesie after another - run dmc , the beatle , etc . patel dude . you kid already have cooler taste in music than you do . Vic and he wife let loose , dance . VIC 's wife ( shit-face ) I love you ! let 's have another baby ! Vic take away she drink . everyone onstage continue karaoake - ing to a big , sloppy finish . as dude - walk gabe fall off and splat on the floor . 104 qh . then silence . then Patel check he phone - patel man . be it 9:30 already ? everyone else check they phone too . vic oh . we gotta get back to the sitter before ten or she charge we extra . and just like that , this ' rager 's be over as all this parent quickly make they way home before 10 pm . Holly and nate hug kara - nate thanks , Ms. k , you do we up right . kara it 's the least we could do , especially since Holly lose she jo - Holly throw she a panicked look . kara stop . kara ( cont ’d ) - I mean , nothing . I be never here . but too late . nate spin to Holly who meekly offer - holly I 's nve be meaning to tell you . curt to : ext . dive bar parking lot - night 104 nate and Holly argue near they car , occasionally stop to wave as various well - wisher leave they party . but nate be seriously piss . nate you get laid off and you do not even tell I !? who do that !? you would be the first call I have make . I would be physically unable of keep that from you . holly I know and I be sorry . I be try to get another job before you notice . ( more ) t2 0 holly ( cont 'd ) you be already so worried about save and get ready and the house ... I do not want to stress you out more . I think it would all work out . and it will ! nate ( shake he head , then ) whatever you need I to do , I do . you want I to give up play in band , I give up play in band - holly - that be not for I . you need a job with a real paycheck . nate but I do it for you , ' cause we be in this together . and here I be , try to get ready for this baby - holly - oh my god . I know it ! you be not even ready . nate look . I be not like you , ok ? I can not just look at a picture and feel some magical bond . we do not even know he medical history . holly so ? all of parenthood be a risk , nate . all of it . nate yeah , well and it 's even riskier when you be lie to I like this . holly I be sorry , nate . I ... ( break down ) just could not handle another thing be my fault , ok ? I be the one with the gimpy womb . I be the one who make we spend the 401 k money on ivf . I be the one who 's make we spend twenty - three grand on a adoption you do not even want ! nate whoa - hey . I never say that . 105 73 . holly well . not out loud . Holly look away . nate suddenly get quiet . they sit there in silence several beat . Holly look up at Craig , crossing to he car , shaking he head at she . craig I can not believe you do not tell he . holly oh , glass house , Craig . I know all about how you call you son '' Henry '' when kara 's not around . kara ( 0.s. ) you what !? they all turn to see kara stand there . oh shit . craig hon . I tell you to wait out front . I be bring the car around . kara you ... do not like the name henri ? kara turn and storm off . now Craig look at nate , piss , then chase after he wife . nate sigh . give Holly a look . nate we be not buy that house . holly yes we be . I be not bring my baby home to a crappy rental . they both get in they car and slam the door . neither one ready to budge . int . old theatre / concert stage - night 105 a trio of beer dance through a crowded audience as Molly elbow she way to the front of the stage where Courtney and rosie be campe out . Molly pass out beer to the girl . rosie 's try to get into it , but struggle . 74 . molly ( toast ) to we . they clink and drink . courtney to ignore every guy in this room . they clink and drink . then rosie meekly offer . rosie to leave the house in something other than stain pajama pants . clink and drink . rosie try to smile . rosie ( cont 'd ) thanks for the ticket . courntey of course . arcade Fire 's you favorite band , we have to . ( then ) plus , moll here pay actual money for the ticket . no sexual favor be exchange for this night out . molly though I do get rape by ticket master , so I still go home a winner . rosie laugh a little . Courtney and Molly dance to the house music . rosie look around the crowd and suddenly spot ... Marco , there with j.j. and some friend . across the chaotic crowd , rosie and Marco just stare at each other for a painful beat . Marco start to move and rosie duck away and - rosie uh , I will be right back . molly want I to come with ? rosie shake she head no , already cut through the crowd to get some air . 106 ta ) . int . old theatre - lobby - night 106 rosie push out the door to the lobby , stop and catch she breath . she look across just as Marco push out the other set of lobby door . he walk over - marco rosie . rosie oh hey , Marco , I do not - marco - bullshit . you look right at I . he give she a look , a little smile . marco ( cont 'd ) how be you ? rosie what be you do here ? marco see my favorite band . I ask how you be . rosie no . they be not allow to be you favorite band ! marco we be not five . we can like the same band . rosie no , we can not . I refuse to have that in common with you . how do I not know this ? marco I guess we be ... distract . rosie I can not do this . she move to go . he step in she way . marco I ... think about you . I miss you . rosie ( beat , a nod ) I know . I miss I too . 107 108 76 . marco I guess it just take time . just then , a pretty girl ( not slutty , but hot ina forgettable way ) poke she head out of the auditorium . pretty girl Marco ! there you be ! rosie quickly size up the situation . rosie really ? how much time , Marco ? as the pretty girl approach , rosie turn and walk back in . int . concert hall / stage area - night 107 as the arcade Fire rock everyone 's face off , rosie just stand there , stage light wash over she . five row back , Marco keep glance at she . his pretty date , look bored , texting on she phone . the blue light of the stage dissolve to : ext . piedmont park - morning 108 the morning sky . a unshaven nate wait for Vic , Craig , gabe and Patel and they baby ( haskel now on crutch ) . but the guy all pass nate up in stone - cold silence . nate guy , whoa . wait up . nate hustle to keep up . when Vic spin back - vic - do not take another step . nate I do not under - what 's go on ? vic you break the code , nate . you tell you wife that Craig like to call henri , Henry . craig and she do not take it well . 109 109pt the vic we be here to let off a little steam . not break - up family . nate oh , I be sorry , Craig , I do not even think about that . nate move to join they - craig I may have a infant strapped to I , but that do not mean I will not punch you in the face . Cause I will . nate c’mon . I be in crisis here . we be about about to have a baby and we be not even speak . how do you handle that one ? vic no , nate . how do you handle it ? they walk off , abandon he . gabe look back - gabe and I want that run dmc onesie I give you back ! nate do not punish my kid for my mistake . he 's gonna crush that onesie ! Davis jog by , shaking he head - davis hang in there , bro. CUT to : int . atlanta HOTEL room - night 109 Jules , even bigger now , exhaust , fall into bed . she turn on the tv . she look sad to see - on tv , celebrity dance off - Evan stand with wanda syke and 109pt a cheeky hutch Davis , who declare - 110 111 78. hutch davis --- so , tune in next week to see wanda and Evan dance to the bryan Adams 's classic , cut like knife . everyone laugh . Evan grit he tooth as we pull out of ... int . bar - night 110 a bar tv to find the girl from rosie 's apartment all watch and weigh in . courtney I would do a uncircumcise guy . I just would not go down on he . molly you do not know what you be miss . I blow my way through Europe . ciao , Italia . the girl just look at Molly , laugh , shake they head . CUT to : ext . atlanta office park — lunch time - day 111 Jules , more exhaust but try to rally , briskly waddle , camera crew in tow . she whisper to camera - jule ok , here we be in Atlanta , Georgia . Home of one of we audience favorite from season four , we be go to see how he 's maintain he weight and he healthy lifestyle . c’mon - Jules sneak around to - the big pig truck , lunch time in another office park as Jules lay eye on she target . jule ( cont 'd ) you ! Drop the Taco ! someone turn and it 's ... Colin who jump when he see Jules . colin aargh ! Jules ! hi , I , uh - tr. Colin realize he 's be film . Jules take he lunch and start inspect it - jule ok , Mr. Cooper , let 's see , what we have here ... High fat , high carb . Colin , Colin , Colin . do not you remember this guy ? Jules hold up a photo of the old fat colin from when he be a contestant on ' lose it and weep 's . he 's unrecognizable in he fat-dude goatee . Colin shudder . jule ( cont ’d ) you do not want to go back to that , do you ? colin no. Jules , this be just a one - time thing . jule really ? because we have be do some recon for a little while now , Colin - Jules show he surveillance photo of he secretly hit the food truck . Colin start to get a little defensive - colin - I be just ... my wife be pregnant and , as you probably know , Jules , it be very common for male partner to put a little weight on too . it 's actually call '' couvade syndrome '' or '' sympathetic pregnancy . '' the term " couvade " be borrow from the french verb '' couver '' , to brood or to hatch - jule - Colin , shut up . that 's a crutch . ( a beat ) what 's the real issue , Colin ? because you have to deal with that today , not a hundred pound from now . Colin nod , start to get a little emotional . colin I know . it 's just ... I do not expect pregnancy would bring up all my childhood issue . 80 . jule I know , it 's like , suddenly , because you have this belly everyone get to have a opinion about you baby , and before you know it , this bless miracle that you do not even think could happen be reduce to one big penis joke . and hey - I like penis joke as much as the next girl , but someone - anyone - just ask I a about the name and what I be craving ! Colin just stare at she . Jules stop . then - jule ( cont 'd ) right . and so we be gonna deal with this in a healthy way , right , Colin ? ( Colin slowly nod ) say ' I be worth it . 's colin I be worth it ! jule say ' I can do this ! 's colin I can do this ! jule there you go . now let 's do a few lunge , right now , you and I . Colin nod and start lung . Jules lunge , but now she 's so pregnant , she go down ... and can not get back up - jule ( cont 'd ) ok . I be gonna need a little help . the crew rush in to help Jules up . but she suddenly wince , in fierce pain . jule ( cont 'd ) do not touch I ! colin we need a doctor . smash CUT to : a2 : 113 81 . int . atlanta HOTEL suite - day 112 in a large hotel suite , Jules now sit in bed as a older doctor check she blood pressure . she look miserable and scared . doctor you be on full bedrest for the next two week . ( pat she leg ) get ready to have this baby in Atlanta . jule wait , what !? I have to stay here !? doctor yes - jule - but , not like in bed the whole time ? doctor yes . and if you do not , you could lose this baby . terror wash over Jules 's face . doctor ( cont ’d ) now , who can come and take care of you ? Jules look scared and overwhelm . CUT to : ext . buckhead estate —- day lal} Colin , carry a pink present , help trish ( larger now ) to the door . she clutches a costco-size bottle of tum and they move at a snail 's pace . trish slow down , Colin ! you be practically sprinting ! colin ( slow ) ok , okay . ( then ) squeak , you sure you feel alright ? 82. trish quit ask I that ! I be great ! they reach the door , ring the bell . Colin be suddenly hit by - colin sweet bird of christ , what be that smell ? be that ... you ? trish if you have to know , it 's we child ! we child who have gas , okay ?! the poor little thing can not help it ! colin kinda smelt like you , actually ... trish do not you dare talk to we baby that way ! I - trish suddenly stop . look down . then , eerily calm - trish ( cont 'd ) - we baby just peed itself again . colin it 's ... okay , honey . it 's okay . ( then , gently ) do you think maybe speak at the La leche Conference next week might not be the best idea ? trish ( scream like a lunatic ) I need you support ! as the door open and there 's ramsey - ramsey well , look who make it ! aw , you step - mom will be so excited . C ’mon on in . you too , Colin . 114 ext . buckhead estate - backyard - day 114 the place be pack , full barbecue party vibe . two inflatable , pink Mini cooper float in the pool . margaritaville be in full effect , complete with the real - life Jimmy Buffet play the party . ramsey nod - 83 . ramsey hey j.b . skyler , in a cute pregnancy bikini , hang with she friend near the pool , all get pedicure . she wave trish over . skyler trish ! Foot massage and pedicure ! trish brighten - she could use a foot massage - and waddle over with she tum . trish plop in a chair , stick she foot out . they be hugely fat compare to skyler 's little foot . ramsey watch trish , then smile playfully to Colin - ramsey you sure trish be not have twin ? ( off Colin 's look ) whoa , hey . just kid . ramsey walk off to entertain . Colin look down at a platter of cupcake go by . he almost take one , but walk over to margaritaville instead - ramsey's friend ( 50 - something retire guy who also favor the Tommy bahama look ) crowd around the bar . ramseyay friend we see you on that ' lose it 's show . my wife and I cry every pound you lose . do not gain it back . colin I be work on it . Colin get a drink as ramsey slap he on the back . then - ramsey 's friend # 2 so , what 's it like to be the son of a famous racing legend ? do you ever get on the track with this guy ? ramsey one time . the great go- kart beatdown of ' 89 . colin dad , they do not want to hear - ramsey - I win . he could not take it . 84. colin he cheat . he start tell I I have a bad tire , wave for I to pull over . then when I slowed down , he sped past I . ramsey just a little lesson in gamesmanship . ( Colin quietly seethes ) it 's like I tell you you whole life , col . the old man 's always gonna be numero uno . but hey , numero dos be not bad either . colin no , dad . you have not tell I that my whole life . because you be not there . you just show up and throw money around . but Mom do the work . Colin get up , start walk off , leave he drink . ramsey what be you do , Son ? you do not walk away from a fresh margarita . colin I be not suppose to drink my calory ! and I need some air . as Colin cross the party , he see trish on the other side of the pool , eye close in bliss as she get a foot massage . Colin keep walk , exite the backyard to the golf course and some peace . he look at ramsey 's park golf cart . back with ramsey he shake he head , let Colin go . then turn to find himself face - to- face with skyler , who 's have enough . skyler ramsey Cooper , you put you drink down and get you ass out there and fix what need fix . now . ramsey aw c’mon , tater tot - skyler - I will not bring this baby into this world while there be strife in this family . 115 116 85 . skyler be not fuck around . even Jimmy Buffet give ramsey a look . ramsey sigh , then get go . skyler smile . CUT} ! to : ext . buckhead golf course - day 115 Colin cruise in a golf cart , clear he mind , enjoy the fairway , talk himself through he emotion - colin it 's ok ... you will just do it different . you will not ridicule , you will not compete , you will not confuse money for a relationship ... ramsey ( 0.s. ) colin ! hey ! Colin turn back and see ramsey riding he own golf cart , try to catch up . Colin call back . colin I want some alone time , dad . ramsey aw , c’mon . I be just mess with ya . I do not know you be so mad . Colin speed up . ramsey get close . Colin speed up more . ramsey smile , he can not help himself . ramsey ( cont ’d ) oh , do not try to game I . you forget who you be deal with . and , at that moment - something ignite in Colin 's mind - he hear race car revving . Colin look back , give ramsey a look . then hit the gas and take off in he golf cart . ramsey ( cont ’d ) really ? you want a little re-match ? ok , boy , start you engine . ramsey laugh , then speed off after he . 116 Colin and ramsey tear through the golf course , weaving in and out of other cart , lay waste to the fairway . ramsey catch up , close in ... Colin look back , shouting - 117 86 . colin I be sick of compete with you ! you 're the reason I got fat ! ramsey ( get closer ) but hey , it get you on tv . and I watch every episode of you season . I get the whole thing on dvd . sometimes I stay up night and watch it again . colin ( slow down ) you do ? ramsey smile , speed up . his old trick . colin ( cont 'd ) that 's not go to work this time . and you be not allow to mention the go - kart cheat - fest anymore . ramsey ( pull even ) Fine . you beat I back to the house and I will never bring it up again . ramsey take off , get the jump . Colin right behind he . the house be in the distance , Jimmy Buffet play . people bak 7 ? from the party start to look up as - two golf cart speed they direction - nascar style - from the fairway . ramsey 's ahead . then Colin ... then ramsey ... ramsey swerve , try to knock Colin 's cart into a sandtrap . but Colin deftly maneuver away , now take the lead . Colin 's close in on home , come up a embankment . he look back at ramsey one final time , Colin hit the curb and launch he golf cart into the air ... over the cart path ... towards the backyard ... just miss Jimmy Buffet and crashing into margaritaville . everyone be stunne silent . then - ramsey 's golfing buddy Holy shit . he take out margaritaville . 87 . colin ( beat , smile ) Victory . across the party , trish be asleep in a lounge chair , drool down she chin , clutching she tum . she do not even hear it . 118 int . atlanta HOTEL suite - day 118 the door open and Evan rush in , drop he luggage . a miserable Jules , look up - relief wash over she face . jule you be right , you win - evan I do not want to win . I just want you and the baby safe . whatever you need , I be here . jule but what about the show ? you have to go back . evan no , I do not . ( a look ) wanda and I get vote off . we have a unfortunate fall during we cha - cha . Len call it a '' national disaster '' . Jules stop , give he a look . tear suddenly welling . jule you ... throw you cha- cha for I ? Evan pull Jules into a hug . evan I be not let anyone else take care of you . that 's my job . ( beat ) and Jules , I do not care about any of the other stuff . it do not matter whether we circumcise he . it do not matter whether we name he Jackson . I do not care , do you ? CUT ; to : 119 88. ext . atlanta street - late night abate ) food truck pull away after a late night . rosie walk to she car to find Marco wait for she . his hand be bandage and he 's hold a tin BOX . rosie stop . they both stare at each other for a beat . marco if you want I to go , I nil go . rosie what happen to you hand ? marco ( a look , then ) I just want you to know that I get it . there 's no way I will ever really understand what you go through . rosie yeah . I do not think you can . marco but ... I do not want that to be the reason we nre not together . you be right , I never take you out ona real date . I want to . ( beat ) this be for you . caramel . he hand she the tin . she look at he bandage hand . marco ( cont 'd ) piece -of - shit double boiler . rosie I think you say never again . marco I make a exception . rosie look at the tin . sigh . rosie Marco . the reason we be not together have nothing to do with the fact we be go to have a baby . ( beat ) it would not have work out anyway . Marco just look at she . hurt , then defiant . 89 . marco bullshit . give I one reason . rosie ok , fine . you do not have a car - marco - Said the girl with the duct -tape neon . seriously , be I the only one who find the fact that that thing even have a alarm , hilarious ? rosie I buy it myself , so shut up ! marco well , next time , save a few buck and just skip the alarm - rosie - and you know what else , you have the worst taste in girl . honestly , every time I see you all mack around you truck , it 's with the most-obvious , least - interesting , chef groupy ever . how could you be into I if you be into that ? marco well , rosie , they can not all be you . he give she a look . rosie I be sorry , Marco . we be not mean to be . we be just '' a almost . '' rosie try to hand the caramel back . Marco , stung , do not take the caramel . marco no. keep they . I make they for you . hurt , Marco get on he bike and pedal away . the SOUND of he wheel turn , become ... 120 int . LA leche conference , atlanta convention CENTER - day 120 the sound of a crazy hum inside trish 's head . she look awful , wander around with a '' taxi Driver " vibe . she scan all the booth : nipple cream , breast pad and boppy pillow . everyone else be glowy and smiley . 121 90 . trish 's Pov , shot of : baby and baby paraphernalia ( we start to hear the music from '' psycho '' ) . trish be snap out of it by : enthusiastic woman there you be , trish ! and look so fantastic !... trish turn to see a enthusiastic woman ( 50 ) approach . she reach for trish 's belly . enthusiastic woman ( cont ’d ) we be so glad you agree to speak . be you loving it ? finally experience it yourself ? you must be ecstatic every second of every day ! trish ( barely together ) every second . every day . total ecstasy . int . LA leche conference , atlanta convention CENTER - day ah2ek : trish sit on a stage with other woman , a frozen smile on she face . a screen display : ' trish cooper of the breast choice . 's the enthusiastic woman stand at a podium . enthusiastic woman lady and baby ... trish Cooper , owner and creator of the breast Choice ! the audience applaud . trish rise slowly . she blink into the bright light , make she way to the podium , a weird smile plaster on she face . the audience settles , wait for trish to start talk . nothing . enthusiastic woman ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) trish , honey ... go ahead . trish shake she head '' no '' , in a trance , completely freeze . enthusiastic woman ( cont ’d ) trish ... just speak you heart . o. trish heart ? you mean heartburn ? because I have it constantly . johnny Cash be right - it burn burn burn . the audience shift , a few chuckle , mostly confusion . trish ( cont 'd ) I have peed myself twice today and cry four time . plus , I fart like a frat -boy . I just farted right now . now the audience start to squirm . enthusiastic woman oof . she sure do . trish before I get pregnant , I do not think about any of this . there be no ugly baby . lie . they be everywhere . hideous , little space alien baby . I be look at a few right now . the audience gasp . some get up and leave . trish ( cont 'd ) oh , I be sorry . you enjoy be sick and get fat ? how about varicose vein ? hemorrhoid ? we see shock from the audience . trish be on a roll now . trish ( cont 'd ) all I want be to be pregnant , to experience the miracle - the glow . but it 's nothing like I expect . ( then ) instead of a glow , I have zit , nipple you could find on Google Earth , and I walk like I have be gang-rape . audience member someone stop she ! trish yeah , that 's right . I say gang - rape ! the enthusiastic woman get up to lead trish off the podium . trish give she the hand . 122 123 92 . the enthusiastic woman stop momentarily , unsure of what trish will do next . Long beat . trish take a breath . trish ( cont 'd ) ( eerily calm ) so ... I have a speech . umm obviously I forget to print it . I forget everything now . so thanks everybody . this have be a real treat . ( beat ) I be trish Cooper . come visit I anytime at the breast Choice on 1401 Peach Tree Lane . freeze on video of this speech . int . home office , trish and colin 's house - night 122 Colin have pause you tube on they computer . trish sit next to he . Colin 's flabbergasted , but play it cool . colin nooo . you do not go too far at all . I be sure no one will even see this . the you tube hit counter climb at a very fast rate - 3,678 4,523 , 9,118 . trish point to the tracker . horrify - trish this be go to kill my business . I be more popular than porn ! Colin quickly shut the window . colin I dunno about that . porn 's pretty popular . but I be sure this will all blow over in a few day . no doubt . he give a reassure smile , lead trish out of the room as - int . buckhead estate - nursery - day 123 , Holly push open the door the twin 's complete nursery . it 's huge , a lot of pink ( of course ) , but chic . skyler hug Holly . skyler I love it ! ( then , covertly ) ( more ) 124 125 126 93. skyler ( cont 'd ) and when you get back from Africa , we will have to get you start on the rest of the house . Holly light up , a little surge of confidence . holly I be sure I can squeeze you in . ext . parking lot , the breast choice - morning 124 Colin drive a sullen trish to work , they pull into strip mall . colin hold you head high . trish I can not . colin well then , just prop it up on you boob . you have get room . trish smile weakly at the encouragement . ext . the breast choice - morning 125 : Colin and trish be shocked to see a line of women outside of the store as they pull around back to park . all expectant mother . int . breast choice - morning 126 as Colin and trish enter from the back of the store , Janice run up . janice two million hit ! and you have to hear this ... Janice hit play on a laptop . and music start - someone have do a catchy auto - tune dance mix of trish 's speech . auto tune dance mix Space alien Babies / Space alien Babies / where 's my freakin ' glow ? Janice hippie dance way off the beat , but it 's a sweet jam even Colin bob he head a little as Janice unlock the front door and ... 127 127pt 128 94 . the woman flood in , push Colin aside and mob trish , thanking she for she honesty . ask all kind of question . beam , trish stop for a moment , look for Colin . he give she a proud smile as he back out of the store with a wave . she smile wide and wave back . pre lap : the '' Home '' song start to play - the jaunty , whistling , open and the music play over - the airline commercial nate work on . lav we follow a suitcase , make its journey through a airport ... airline commercial music Home , let I come home home home / home be wherever I be with you ... slide down a baggage carousel where a business guy anxiously wait , reach down to grab he bag , when - a SMALL hand - reach for the same bag . pull out to reveal a 127pt little boy look at he dad , help he carry he bag . as the music continue and ... pull out from a airport terminal tv screen play the ad outside a ethiopian airline gate , as we pick up nate and Holly walk through the gangplank into the terminal . outside , the dusty , sunny chaos of Africa . nate and Holly look exhaust and tense , thing be not resolve yet . holly who do that ? who sit on a flight for 17 hour and do not speak ? nate let 's see , 8 hour for sleep and , oh yeah - you be the one not talk to I . holly I should have just come by myself . ext . ethiopian airport baggage claim - day 128 a smile agency official hold up a christian world adoption sign - 219 : 95 . a group of beaming adoptive couple ( about 12 ) be already there . most of they look very buttone up , very conservative . perfect , happy . as miserable nate and Holly wrestle with they luggage , plus stroller , plus car seat to join they . nate look at they , they look like saint . holly how do we even get choose for this ? smiling agency official ( to nate and Holly ) welcome to ethiopia . you ready for the adventure of a lifetime ? nate and Holly force a smile and nod . int . ethiopian charter bus - day l219 , nate and Holly ride with they group , leave the ethiopian capitol of addis . they look out at the landscape . Orange earth meet bright blue sky . they pass a man with two camel . a fellow adopt couple look over and smile . fellow mom you first time ? holly yeah . you ? fellow dad fifth . holly wow . fellow mom once you open that door , it 's hard to close . fellow dad but this be the last one . really . fellow mom he say that every time . 130 131 96 . she take she husband 's hand . nate look at they , feel bad as ... int . doctor 's office - morning 130 a miserable trish , huge and ready to burst , sit on a examination table , talk to she doctor . trish I be gonna take this baby out myself , you will hear about I on the news ! doctor you want this baby on time ? start walk now . a lot . ext . piedmont park - day i3 a Vic , Craig , gabe and Patel and they respective baby walk . craig --- I be just say , Vic , it be not such a bad thing . even kara 's call he Henry now . in a way , I owe nate . vic thank you , Craig . the board will take you proposal under consideration . they look up as - trish , in she snuggie ( she regular uniform now ) , trail by Colin , power - walk through the park . she barrel past the dude , nearly take out gabe and Patel 's stroller . Colin give they a apologetic look as he try to keep up with she . Vic just smile - VIC ( cont 'd ) can not get that labor start , huh ? colin you do not even know . patel try have sex . that 's the really fun part . oh . the guy share a know look and laugh - they know what late - term , awkward sex be like . Vic call after Colin . vic we be here every Saturday . then - male voice ( 0.s. ) vic ! vic ! Vic and the guy turn to see a stricken Davis pace by he pull - up bar . Davis run to vic. davis Vic , man . we gotta talk . gabe ( seriously concerned ) you be not gonna do you pull -up ? vic Davis . man , everything ok ? davis remember that girl from Australia ? the one who surf ? patel ah yes . '' abbie , short for abigail '' . I remember she well . excellent photo , Davis . very artful . davis yeah , well - Davis hold out he phone - the guy all look , serious eye-candy . expect some but get a picture of a 2 year -old girl - a demon child . the guy visibly recoil . craig she 's ... yours ? Davis nod slowly , try to remain calm . davis yep , she name 's Ruby . and they be move here . you gotta help I , man . I do not know the first thing about be a dad . 98 . patel I ‘'d say you have get the first part down pretty good . davis you wanna buy you dodge back ? patel sorry , bro . that money 's already speak for . Vic slowly smile , put he arm around Davis . vic guy , say hello to we newest member . Davis , let 's walk . davis but I do not walk . I run . vic not anymore . ( then , look back ) haskel , buddy , I say stay out of that wood ! haskel - now cover in pink calamine lotion from poison ivy - gallop / spazz-run to catch up to the group . CUT to : sed int . ethiopian guest house - bedroom - day als} 7 ) Holly and nate get ready . she nervously lay out diaper , a few toy , some onesy . nate watch as she fuss over a crib , she stupid dolphin tattoo on she shoulder . he smile . she move past the bed , he stick out he leg , trip she so she have to fall on he - holly - nate , stop it , I be try to get ready - nate ( pull she to he ) - I know . I too . he give she a look . 133 134 99 . nate ( cont ’d ) for the record , I do not resent you . or any of the money we spend to get here . and it 's gonna take more than a gimpy womb to come between we . Holly stop , smile a little . nate ( cont ’d ) baby , it 's not that I be not ready . I be just ... scared . holly nate , I be scared too . I do not know what the hell I be do . that 's what parenthood be . nate I know . I be catch up . he give she a kiss , help pack the diaper bag . then - holly I be sorry I lie to you . and you be right to pull out of the house . we will find a better one . nate ( nod , then ) we do not have to talk about it anymore . holly yeah , let 's not . nate ( then ) let 's go meet we baby . he take she hand and they head for the door as ... ext . piedmont park -— outdoor movie - night alc} a hand -hold couple walk by as it 's outdoor movie night . they pass the Big pig , where - ext / int . big pig food truck / outdoor movie - night 134 Marco , j.j. and they crew be hard at work . Marco 's boss poke he head in to leave early . 135 135pt 136 100 . marco 's boss ok guy , I be out . Marco , you take the pig home with you tonight . marco aw c'mon , chef . it 's a bitch try to park this thing on my street . marco 's boss get use it . you be about to have you own truck . ( beat ) we be expand . Marco smile , nod - marco about damn time . int . rosie 's apartment - live room - night 235 ) rosie , start to look like she old self , carry a gourmet pizza to the live room as she , Molly and Courtney all gather for the live ' lose it 's finale on tv - the ' lose it and weep 's host be flanke by a giant scale and 135pt four finalist , barely recognizable from they larger selve . ' lose it 's host welcome back to we live ' lose it and weep 's finale . we be just moment away from find out who we big - or shall I say , small - winner be . courntey oh my god , I be already cry ! they all look so amazing . molly I know . Hand I another slice of pizza . int . tv studio / ' lose it and weep 's finale set - los angele 136 lose it and weep host now , before we get down to business , we have a little surprise for you guy ... a giant screen behind the host 's head be suddenly fill with Jules 's smile face . there via satellite . 137 138 101 . jule hi guy ! the contestant all look up , excited - finalist hi Jules ! int . atlanta HOTEL suite - night ui ) Jules , still on bedrest , be film by a SMALL crew in she suite . Evan 's there too . jule I be sorry I can not be there , but I just want to congratulate you all on work so hard . I do not care what that scale say tonight , you be all already winner and - ( suddenly wince ) motherfuckingcocksuckersonofabitch! lose it host uh , Jules ? we be live . Jules be feel pain like she 's never feel . jule fuuuuuuuck it ! lose it host still live . pull out from — int . ramsey 's house - tv room - night 138 the tv in ramsey 's house . he and skyler be watch . she sit calmly on a yoga ball . look at the clock - skyler 17 minute apart . ramsey ok , we will go . I just want to catch the part they shot with Colin , but I can tivo it . skyler no , it 's fine . I can wait . skyler keep move on she yoga ball . no stress . ps 9 140 102 . int . trish and colin 's house - hallway - night 139 trish , in she snuggie , stand by the front door , she roll - away bag by she side . trish colin : Colin frantically run in and out of the room off the hallway , grab what he need . colin I be come . I be come . key - umm , wallet - bag , bag , bag . a contraction engulf trish and she keel over . trish Son of a bitch . Colin keep darting from room to room . colin ( freaking out ) okay ! where 's the - should we - trish grab the only thing in reach - she copy of what to expect - and heave it at Colin as he run by . nailing he in the head . he stop , give she a daze look . trish sweetie . calm the fuck down and get in the fuck car . int . evan and jules' rental car - CITY street - night 140 Evan drive , Jules be get emotional , talk a mile a minute . jule Evan , I do not care either . I think I do , but I do not . what we name he , whether or not he have a little , jewish penis - I do not care . Evan smile as Jules keep rambling . jule ( cont 'd ) I just want to be on you team . even when we do not agree , we need to be on the same team . aarrgghi 103 . Jules breathes through a contraction . Evan grab she hand . evan just breathe . I love you . jule ( come out of it ) I love you too . what be I say ? evan that we be on the same team . Jules and Evan share a smile . 141 outside , a careening car swerve past they - 141 we stay with the careening car : 142 int . trish and colin 's car - CITY street - night 142 Colin drive , trish be in serious distress . trish shitball , man ! colin sweetie , I hate to see you so - trish Red light ! Red light : - 143 Colin blaze through a red light . a car horn blare , they 143 have to swerve out of the way . trish ( cont ’d ) Jesus , keep you goddamn eye on the road , you worthless shit ! ( beat ) sorry , honey , you know I love you . 144 Colin nod and look straight ahead . 144 colin I know , squeak . I love you - trish motherfu -i colin - too . 145 146 147 148 104 . ext . marco 's apartment - night 145 Marco try to parallel park the giant pig truck . he look over he shoulder as j.j. , beer in hand , barely pay attention , stand in the street , wave Marco back . j.d. C ’mon , bro ... more ... more ... more ... give it a little gas ... Marco do , when suddenly - j.j. ( cont 'd ) aaaarrrrgggghhh ! my foot ! Marco poke he head out of the window . j.j. ( cont 'd ) you run over my foot ! marco oh shit . ext . parking lot - hospital - night 146 note : the follow sequence play as_one continuous scene . trish and Colin 's car screech to a stop in a parking space , knock over a trash can . the passenger door open : another door close : ramsey help skyler get out of they porsche suv . they walk to the hospital entrance . from behind : we see they walk through the slide glass door : int . er waiting room - hospital - night 147 Marco wheel he break - foote friend into the crowded er . int . hospital elevator - night 148 the elevator door open to the maternity Ward wait room . Evan wheel Jules out - jule I be glad we decide . I feel better . evan I too . 149 150 151 152 105 . int . corridor outside elevator - hospital - night 149 the other elevator door OPEN to reveal : Colin push trish in a wheelchair . they gingerly head leave and exit frame . beat . trish and Colin enter frame again , go the opposite direction . from behind : we follow they as they head down the hallway . trish do we or do we not do the tour ?! trish and Colin approach the reception desk . reverse on : the smile , but unsure receptionist . receptionist and you be she fa - ? reverse on : skyler and ramsey stare back at she . skyler - husband . he 's my husband . the receptionist smile and gesture to a nurse . receptionist great. husband . nurse , take they to a examination room , please . the nurse lead ramsey and skyler down the hallway . the nurse stop at a door and reach for the handle . int . delivery room - hospital - night 150 Big window showcase the city view . door open to reveal : another nurse wheeling Jules into the room with Evan . she help Jules into bed , hand she a gown - nurse Change into this . someone 'il be in soon to see how far along you be . ( then , whisper . ) I love you show , by the way . the nurse exit . Evan help Jules to the bathroom as - a bathroom door open to reveal : skyler walk out , ina 151 gown and cute robe . she 's help onto she bed by ramsey . doctor # 1 enter Jules 's delivery room with a nurse . 152 153 154 155 Doctor # 1 sit on the little stool and probe she . tight on : Doctor # 1. doctor # 1 well you be not leave here tonight without a baby . reverse on : Jules in bed , face wringht with pain . jule when do I get the epidural ? I be ready now . tight on : doctor # 2 doctor # 2 you be progress nicely , but if you have like to walk around you can . reverse on : skyler , flipping through a magazine . skyler ok . ( check a monitor ) ooh , be that a contraction ? I barely feel it . reverse on : doctor # 3 walk in with nurse # 3 . nurse # 3 you tube Lady ! ( sing ) Space alien Babies ... ( smile ) I think we have see you sooner or later - reverse on : trish in bed , wince in bed . trish - where the hell have you be ?! reverse on : nurse # 3 , unaffected - she 's hear it nurse # 3 be you get a epidural ? trish ( through clench tooth ) absolutely not - I be have a natural birth - 106 . 153 154 all before . match CUT to : 155 156 57 ) 158 159 107 . skyler maybe . let I see how long I can go first . match CUT to : 156 jule Hell yes . match CUT to : s17 , trish - wait ! I change my mind . I want it ! I want the epidural ! colin you do ?! but squeak , you say you do not ! you say even if you ask , that would be '' the crazy talk '' . trish grab Colin 's shirt , pull he to she , and in a demonic voice — trish i. want . the . epidural ! colin see , yeah . that definitely sound crazy . Colin look at the nurse , not sure what to do . nurse try to wave down the anesthesiologist . good luck if you do not plan it . it 's a busy night . int . hallway - hospital - night 158 Colin sprint out the room . Colin run through the hall . int . other hallway - hospital - night 159 Colin beg a harry anesthesiologist . anesthesiologist I have five woman in front of she . it 's go to be a while . Colin nod , take off run when he suddenly spot - 108 . skyler and ramsey , casually hang outside they room chat with some other pregnant lady . ramsey hey , Son . you too ? ha ! colin ( run ) uh , now 's not really the time , dad - but Colin skid to a stop , turn , run back to ramsey . colin ( cont ’d ) ( out of breath ) you ... money ... roll . give it . ramsey oh , how much do you ? - ramsey take out he money roll . Colin grab the entire thing and sprint off . 160 int . hallway - night 160 Colin intercept the anesthesiologist exite a delivery room . Colin slap the giant money roll in he hand . colin room 1408 . she 's next . 161 int . delivery room - hospital - night 161 Jules , sit up , arch she back and drop she head , ready for the epidural injection . tight on : Jules 's bow head . match CUT to : 162 a head lift up to reveal : trish 's happy face . 162 trish ( beyond relieved ) sooooce much better . thanks . you be clutch , baby . you get it do . trish be help back into the supine position by nurse . nurse not yet . this baby 's breech . he need to turn if you be gonna push he out . 109 . 163 Doctor # 1 get himself between she leg , begin examine . doctor # 1 you be at eight centimeter . reverse on : Jules in bed , clutching Evan 's hand . 164 tight on : Doctor # 2 between skyler 's leg . doctor # 2 nine centimeter . 165 reverse on : trish , look nervous . tight on : Doctor # 3 with trish - 166 tight on : doctor # 3 nope. nurse , prepare for a c-section . trish nooo ! just a little more time . doctor # 3 his heart rate 's fall , we need to move . colin it 's go to be ok . Doctor # 1 doctor # 1 let 's meet you baby . it 's time to start push . reverse on : Jules try to get up from the bed , be restrain by several nurse and Evan . 167 tight on : jule I can not ! there be woman who can and I can not : evan c’mon . say ' I can do it . 's jule I can not do it ! ramsey lean over the bed . 165 166 167 168 169 170 110 . ramsey ( coach ) do good , tater tot . just keep on keepin’ on .... angle on : skyler push , let out a tiny moan ... tight on : a nurse watch the monitor . nurse push , push , push ... angle on : trish be wheeled down the hall into surgery with Colin . they pass skyler and ramsey 's room - trish this be a disaster . this be not how I want it . tight on : the nurse , smile , look down at she - 168 nurse there 's no prize for best labor . you be do great . angle on : Jules , a sweaty mess , push to the brink . Evan now 169 hold one of she leg . nurse ( cont ’d ) do you want a mirror , so you can watch yourself crown ? - the nurse hold out a large hand mirror for Jules , who - jule no ! - kick it away . angle on : Doctor # 2 . 170 doctor # 2 now , now . push , push , push ... reverse on : skyler . ramsey hold up a mirror for she , she happily look , get emotional . skyler this be so incredible ! angle on : Doctor # 3 doctor # 3 now , we have a nice incision here -— 169pt 170pt 171 plw7i2 173 tp ... reverse on : trish , now in a surgery delivery room , surround 169pt by doctor , get a C -section . Colin wear scrub , a hat and a mask - trish 's stomach be curtain off . she let out a loopy smile - trish I love morphine ... angle on : Doctor # 2 , check a monitor . 170pt doctor # 2 when the next contraction hit , bear down and push -- tight on : skyler 's face , she let out a final sigh , which continue over : tight on : Jules 's face , who let a even louder scream , which ah7al continue over : tight on : trish 's face , a morphine haze , which 172 continue over : tight on : Colin 's face , who let out a pierce cry , which continue over : int . jules' delivery room - hospital - night 173 doctor it 's a girl ! both Evan and Jules share a stunne look . then - evan ( tear ) a girl 's good too ! Jules and Evan cry as the nurse hand she they baby girl . jule ( emotional ) hi. I be you mommy . hi. hi , emmerson ? that 's cute , right ? evan ( tear ) emmerson . I love it . 174 iy 3 ) 176 ti2.. int . trish 's delivery room , hospital - night 174 nurse here 's you baby boy . trish be hand she baby boy . Colin in tear , kiss trish , overwhelm . trish ( weep , drugge up ) hiiii theo . oh look at he eye . he 's so focus . and wise . int . skyler 's delivery room , hospital - night 175 ramsey and skyler each hold one of they little girl . ramsey ( to he baby girl ) hi , olivia . skyler ( to she baby girl ) hello , madison . both of whom start to cry . they cry take we to back to ... int . ethiopia orphanage / play area - day 176 Holly ( eager ) and nate ( nervous ) wait in a large indoor play area as , one by one , the child be carry out to they family . all the baby be dress in traditional ethiopian , white linen costume for the ceremony . Holly squeeze nate 's hand . nate squeeze back and nod - as they look to see a young ethiopian woman ( mid 20 ) enter the room and approach then with a smile . she 's carry ... kaleb ( now 9 month ) . and picture do not do he justice . he 's fat and gorgeous . Holly beam , already fight tear . nate smile . nate look at he . he 's so juicy . holly he 's ... perfect . they interpreter introduce they - ye 7s , interpreter nate and Holly . this be adina , kaleb 's ' special mother . 's she 's be with he from the time he be place into adoption . adina ( smile , break English ) hello mommy and daddy . this be you baby . she hand kaleb to Holly , who hug adina as she take kaleb - in Holly 's arm , kaleb almost start to cry . but adina quickly hand nate kaleb 's stuffed toy dog - nate , not sure what to do , hand kaleb the dog as Holly bounce he on she hip . nate here ya go . here ya go , big guy . kaleb smile . they can not stop look at he , in awe . as adina step back a little , so they can get acquainted . all over the room , family meet as music start and carry we to ... int . orphanage courtyard - adoption ceremony - day 177 a adoption ceremony in the orphanage courtyard . birth family ( grandmother , uncle , orphanage employee if the child be abandon ) be all line up on one side of the courtyard - the adoptive child ( baby , a few toddler ) - all in traditional , white linen clothes . and the adoptive parent be line up on the other side , face they , each hold a single candle . include Holly and nate , who face adina and kaleb . a ethiopian priest ( in traditional garb , colorful layer robe ) lead a prayer , in aramaic - that the adoptive parent repeat with the help of a translator - ethiopian priest I promise to watch over this child - adoptive parent I promise to watch over this child - ethiopian priest to bring he up proud and strong - 178 114 . adoptive parent to bring he up proud and strong - nate and Holly share a look at kaleb , try not to lose it - ethiopian priest and as one who always remember he ethiopian heritage . adoptive parent and as one who always remember he ethiopian heritage . the Priest begin to sing a traditional ethiopian song and slowly , all the ethiopian join he , they collective voice rise as - the birth family member / orphanage staffer step forward and hand the child to the adopt parent , who hand they the candle . Trading one light for another . adina hand kaleb to Holly and nate adina congratulation . you be parent . Holly and nate cry , overwhelm . no different than a birth . all around they , new family start to emerge as music take we back to ... int . baby viewing area -— hospital - night 178 Colin and ramsey stand there look at the baby . ramsey that 's a good look kid you get there , Dr. Cooper . Colin smile and nod . his baby be giant . it look like it could eat the other baby . include the little twin girl . colin thanks . you too . ramsey smile . then - ramsey y’know , when you be bear , I be not even in the room . no man be . not back then . colin wow . then you miss it . ramsey I know . I miss a lot . Chasing the wrong finish line . Colin stop , give ramsey a look . ramsey ( cont ’d ) the race , the trophy - they be not gonna mean shit when I be go . it 's you guy , my kid , that 's all we really leave behind . colin well , now you get another chance . ramsey and I intend to use it . I love you , Son . sorry I make ya fat . ramsey put he arm on Colin 's shoulder . Colin smile . colin thanks for the money roll . ramsey my pleasure . colin how much do you keep on that thing , anyway ? ramsey I dunno , five grand ? ten ? Colin nearly choke . ramsey ( cont ’d ) ah hell , it 's just money . that 's what it 's there for . the anesthesiologist walk by with a big grin . ramsey look back at the baby . at Colin 's giant son . ramsey ( cont ’d ) so , what 's my grandson tipping the scale at ? colin ( savore it ) ten pound , two ounce . pha ns es , 180 tg ... ramsey pat Colin 's back - ramsey outstanding . and walk away . int . jules' recovery room - hospital - night 179 Jules hold baby emmerson , as Evan sit next to the bed , fill out the birth certificate . evan ( write ) emmerson Jane webb — evan ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly look up ) - webb ? no , baxter ! my last name . evan ( cont 'd ) Fine , we will hyphenate - jule - no . I hate hyphenate name . Evan stop , smile . evan ok , Jules . I have a idea . and off he smile ... int . trish's recovery room - hospital - night 180 trish smile and coo at she swaddle baby boy . Colin beam . trish I can not stop smell he . he smell so good . colin I be so proud of you . give birth look awful . trish what ? no ! it be beautiful . it be unbelievably beautiful . colin that 's ... what I mean . it be unbelievably beautiful . Te ... trish ( beat , then ) I finally get it . he 's my glow . trish and Colin kiss , marvel at they new creation as - alicjar ext . hospital entrance - morning jig Morning in Atlanta . rosie , look right with the world , make she way to the hospital entrance carry a bouquet of flower . when she see - the young teenage couple , complete with black hoodies - full term now , get wheeled in . a few family member with they . rosie watch they a beat , smile and nod . good for they , they make it . as they disappear into the hospital . 182 rosie keep walk through the door , surprised to see ... 182 rosie Marco ? Marco look up from help j.j. ( now with a cast and crutch ) exit after a hellish night in the er . Marco stop . look at she a little sadly . marco rosie . hey . rosie what be you do here ? j.j. homeboy run over my foot . Marco shrug , nod . rosie start to laugh , she can not help it . rosie sorry . I do not mean to laugh . j.j. Nah , it 's ok . it 's funny . ( to Marco ) hey . meet you in the truck . he crutch off , leave Marco and rosie . marco what be you do here ? 183 184 118 . rosie my aunt , she marry this crazy old dude - they just have twin . I be gonna go see they - she stop . give he a look - rosie ( cont 'd ) you would not wanna ...? ( beat ) be that weird ? marco it 's a little weird . CUT ) to : int . baby viewing area - hospital - morning 183 Marco and rosie stand look at skyler 's twin . all the baby be amazing . then — marco you ok ? rosie yeah . I know I 'il get another chance . when it 's right . marco you will . then - rosie that caramel be delicious . marco never again . rosie laugh . they stand there a beat . then slooooowly , rosie inch she way closer to Marco . she reach for he hand and take it . she do not let go . and music crank as we pull away ... out of the corridor ... out the hospital ... ext . hospital - morning 184 angle on : Three window , through which we see : 185 ti... Jules and Evan with they baby ; trish and Colin kissing they baby ; skyler and ramsey with they twin , who start to cry . Music carry we back to ... int . ethiopian airport - gate - night 185 nate , Holly and kaleb , now rock he run dmc onesie , be with all the other new parent and baby at the airport . Holly be try like mad to console a bawling kaleb . several of the other baby be cry too . Holly 's exasperate . nate jump in . nate here , let I try . he take kaleb . not too sure of what to do , then -— nate ( cont ’d ) .-- ok , what about this one - ( quietly rapping ) I like big butt and I can not lie / you other brother can not deny / that when a girl walk in with a itty bitty waist and a round thing in you face - - one of the mom shoot nate a sharp look , he stop - nate ( cont ’d ) ( whisper to kaleb ) ok , I nil teach you that one later . nate , then slowly start to whistle the intro of the '' Home '' song . kaleb suddenly stop , perk right up - nate ( cont ’d ) oh you like that , do you ? ( sing it now ) Atlanta , Georgia , Arkansas / I do love my ma and pa/ but , not the way that I do love you - Holly perk up and join in - holly well , Holy -moly , I oh my / you be the apple of my eye / Boy , I never love one like you - another Mom perk up - 186 187 188 189 190 120 . other mom oh ! I love that song ! she start sing too , to she baby . nate , holly and other mom Home / let I come home home home / Home be wherever I be with you - nate smile as another dad now join in too - nate , other mom , and dad oh , Home / yes I be home home home - and slowly everyone join in - there at the terminal , all the baby quieting down . kaleb smile , then reach out and touch nate 's hair . nate beam - everyone - Home be whenever I be with you ... as we move out of the terminal and leave they to they journey home . over end title : button : at baggage claim , Davis hold a stuff elephant as passenger arrive from a Australian flight . he look past the various kid step off the plane when , he spot - Little ruby , a two - year - old demon child , trail by she very pretty , but very exhaust mother , abbie ( late 20 ) . Davis give they a look , let out a terrify smile . button : at hospital parking , trish wait in a wheelchair , breast - feed baby theo as Colin wrestle and wrestle with the car seat nearby . trish look at group of pregnant couple arrive for they hospital tour . she smile . trish just get the epidural . button : at a fine restaurant , Marco and rosie , dress for a first date , make they way to a table . he pull out the chair for she . she roll she eye , but love it . button : nate and Holly tuck kaleb into he new nursery that use to be nate 's studio . but the wall of frame album be still up . include the frame 2 live Crew album . button : 3:00 am . agonize baby cry . a exhaust skyler and ramsey frantically try to soothe they colicky twin . 186 187 188 189 190 191 192 tey ... the beautiful nursery be a wreck and so be skyler . with throw up in she hair . she look like hell and she 's sobbing - skyler I do not expect it to be this hard ! button : piedmont Park . dude walk be back on . Vic , Craig , 191 gabe , Patel , nate and new member Davis ( look a little fatter and unshaven ) and Colin ( proudly wear a baby sling ) . they look up as - a mint classic 70 's airbrushed van ( wizard and dragon and shit paint on the side ) pull into the parking lot . the door slide open and out step Patel . we see the interior of the van trick out with multiple car seat , a crib anda change table . they cheer , then ... walk , all stumbling they way through fatherhood with Atlanta 's skyline and Patel 's van behind they . button : back in los angele - light , mirrore ball and a 192 house band play as Jules and Evan do a celebrity dance off - style samba . pull back to reveal : they be not on the show . it 's they wedding and this be they first dance . off to the side , wedding guest hutch Davis hold baby emmerson , who spit up on he . it 's awful . but it 's so beautiful .