" what about bob ? " screenplay by Tom schulman Story by Alvin sargent and Laura Ziskin shoot draft open crawl on a black screen " Medical journal report only 31 case in history of people swallow they toothbrush . the champion toothbrush swallower be a Soviet psychiatric patient who down 16 in 1984 . the all - time champion swallower of any object swallow 2533 object in 1927 . " ecu : a toothbrush - credit rolling we hear a man clear he throat . he enter and a shiny glob of toothpaste be squeeze onto the bristle . int . bob wiley' bathroom , morning bob wiley , thirty , anxious , begin brush he tooth . suddenly , in try to brush a back molar , Bob loose control of the toothbrush and swallow half of it whole . choke , gasp , he try to pull the toothbrush out . ext . bob wiley' apartment build , same pan and tilt up from a woman walk she dog on the street of Manhattan to a third floor apartment window . there be Bob struggle frantically with the toothbrush . int . bob wiley' bathroom , morning Bob be lose the battle , and in three excruciate swallow , like a mouse go down the throat of a snake , the toothbrush disappear down he throat . Bob pound he chest , swallow as he do . then , delicately , he belch . he take a deep breath , relax somewhat , and open the medicine cabinet . there sit ten package toothbrush . Bob open one . as we ... end credit ... dissolve to : ext . a parking lot , lake winnipesaukee , new hampshire , day . autumn pricey BMW 's , mercede , etc. sport license plate which read : freud jungnrich headdoc perca ' dan ' etc . Three pre-teen ride by on bike and shove the trunk of the car . car alarm sound off like bird . we pan with the kide then past they out to sea to see : ext . the middle of the lake , aboard a cris craft , same four psychiatrist and three spouse be pleasure boat . here all be quiet except the wind and the sound of the bird ( or be it the car alarm ? ) . shrink and they wife sit around a intense doctor in he forty . doctor 1 ( feinberg ) I have have the same nightmare three night run . doctor 2 come on , David , we be on a vacation . feinberg I be leave my office for summer vacation , when suddenly my patient rush up look insane . ext . a park avenue office build , day . dream -like slow motion Dr. feinberg exit the building with he suitcase . to he horror a angry horde of man and woman , look like a sadistic lynch mob , swarm he and attack . feinberg ( v.o . ) " do not leave we ! " they scream . then they beat I and bite I and kill I ...! as feinberg run to get away he be drag down then overrun by he angry patient . back to the boat feinberg it 's the worst nightmare I have have since residency . night after night ... it 's terrifying ! phil at least you nightmare be only a dream . what about what happen to Leo marvin ? a young doctor who 's Leo marvin ? phil you never hear of the famous Dr. marvin ? angle on a vacant lot on shore there be a dock , a overgrown slab , and a chimney . phil ( o.s. ) that use to be he vacation house . feinberg ( o.s. ) there 's nothing there . back to the boat phil grab a strong drink and some dramamine . I will tell you a story that will send you into Rorschach . another wife who 's Leo marvin ? phil well , I really can not tell you about Leo marvin unless I first tell you about Bob . another wife who 's Bob ? ext . the street of manhattan , upper west side , day the SOUND of bird segues to car alarm . we be on the street of New York , craning and zooming like a bird up and into a sweltering apartment . int . bob wiley' apartment , same Bob wiley sit on he bed in boxer short . on he night stand be cardboard plaque : one list the warning sign of diabete , another list cancer 's seven warning signal . stack by the bed be psychology book and a few bottle of prescription pill . in front of Bob be a vaporizer . Bob hold he cheek and twist they in small circle in front of the steam . bob ( a mantra- like chant ) I feel good . I feel great . I feel wonderful ! I feel good . I feel great . I feel wonderful ! I -- a wife ( v.o. ) but who 's Leo marvin ? I know I have hear the name . doctor 4 ( v.o. ) be he the guy who specialize in necrophiliacs ? phil ( v.o. ) no ! ( sigh ) if you must . int . a psychiatrist's office , day the strike thing about dr . leo marvin 's office be order and neatness . as marvin talk on the phone , he unconsciously adjust the already meticulously place gewgaw on he desk . marvin be mid-forty , authoritative , stiff , perfectly manicure . adorn the office be diploma , personal memento , primitive mask , mondrian - like painting , he frame medical school grade , a bust of Freud , and diploma . on he desk be a book title baby step tm with marvin 's picture on it . marvin ( into phone ) of course I want to publicize the book , Hugo and it 's a wonderful opportunity , but its my vacation . the today show go to Dr. Ruth 's vacation house , why can not CBS Morning come to Lake winnipesaukee ?... would you work on it ?... thank you Hugo . I appreciate it . secretary's voice ( over intercom ) Dr. marvin , there 's a Dr. carswell fensterwald call . he say you go to school together . marvin ( wrack he memory ) fensterwald . carswell fensterwald . it sound familiar but ... they sure come out of the woodwork when you get famous , Clair . put he through . fensterwald ( on speaker phone ) Leo ? marvin ( into speaker phone ) carswell ? int . another psychiatrist's office , same carswell fensterwald look unstable . as he talk on he phone , he be box up he office . prominent on he desk be a copy of marvin 's book . the conversation intercut . fensterwald Long time no see , huh ? you have a big book out . thing be click , huh ? marvin that 's the way I plan it . fensterwald listen , Leo , I be close my practice . most of my patient be on the West side but I have one case I would like to refer you . marvin carswell , thanks but -- fensterwald I know , you be incredibly busy . marvin swamp . I have raise my rate . I might even cut my session to forty minute ... fensterwald Leo , I know you do not like flattery but if anybody I know be go to win a Nobel Prize , it 's you . you gotta be think about you next book so I know you will find this case particularly interesting . marvin what sort of case be it , carswell ? marvin pace . he adjust a diploma down , then up , then down . fensterwald actually , Leo , I do not know . marvin carswell , if this be a dysfunctional -- fensterwald no no , nothing like that . he keep he appointment . pay on time . see he once . if he 's not the most complex and -- persistent -- case you have ever see , drop he . his name 's Bob wiley . he need someone brilliant . marvin okay . I will work he in for a interview . say , carswell , how come you be quit the business ? fensterwald we be a die breed , leo. good luck . fensterwald hang up . he let out a silent jubilant howl of gleeful laughter . fensterwald I feel good . I feel great . I feel wonderful ! angle in marvine office marvin slowly hang up he speaker phone . marvin carswell fensterwald ...? again he rack he brain . he press he intercom . marvin ( into intercom ) Claire , if I get a call from a Bob wiley , schedule he for a short interview after vacation . secretary ( claire ) he 's already call , Dr. marvin . twice . he 's come in this afternoon . marvin that 's one kind of persistence . carswell fensterwald ...? marvin give up . he pick up a copy of he book . he compare he jacket photo with he reflection in the handle of he letter opener . ext . aboard the cris craft boat , day the shrink be still listen to Doctor 3 . feinberg Leo marvin . now I remember . a incredible asshole . doctor 2 have that stupid best seller , what be the name of it ? feinberg watch grass grow be more exciting than Leo marvin . phil all that change . doctor 2 ( v.o. ) why ? phil ( v.o. ) that 's what I be try to tell you lummox : bob. int . bob' apartment , day Bob be sit by the steam repeat he mantra . bob I feel good . I feel great . I feel wonderful ! I feel good , I feel great ! I feel -- Bob pick up the phone and frantically push button . bob ( into phone ) hello , Claire , Bob again . be you sure Dr. marvin do not have a earlier cancellation ?... sorry . see you at two , sharp . Bob hang up , find a blood pressure gauge and take he blood pressure . that do , he stand , pace , then stop and sprinkle food into a gold fish bowl . bob Morning , gil . gil the goldfish nibble the food . Bob sit on he bed , take a deep breath , then dial the phone . as he wait for a answer , he flip through he " organizer " which be cramme with note and papers . secretary's voice ( on phone ) overton . bob ( into headset ) this be Bob wiley call ... ( check in he notebook ) Mrs. Patricia lion please . Bob wait a beat , still look through the notebook . mrs . lions ( on phone ) lion . bob Mrs. lion , I be Bob wiley . I represent the Manhattan Dental hygiene Association . I can offer you a forty percent discount on we toothpick plus a very attractive selection of toothpick holder if ... mrs . lions Mr. wiley -- bob bob. mrs . lions Bob , this be a elementary school . bob elementary school ? ( check he notebook ) I think you be overton cafeteria ? mrs . lions ( on phone ) no , we be a school and we do not need toothpick . bob I do not know . a young tooth be a terrible thing to waste . I should know . when I be that age nobody give a hoot about my tooth and now they be terrible ! have you check out flavor floss ? mrs . lions flavore floss ? bob all you have to do be dream pink gum , patsy , and we can make they happen . give I you address and I will send you we floss catalogue . as Bob begin to write on he notebook , he flash a " V " for victory at gil . int . bob' apartment , later Bob be now dress to go out . a clock read 1:45 pm . Bob be pace at the door . he stop , glance at the clock , face the door , open it , close it . he pace , open the door , take some deep breath , twist he cheek , then like a man jump into cold water , bolt out . int . the hallway outside bob' apartment , same Bob exit he apartment , use a kleenex to close the door , then head down the stair . ext . the doorway to bob' apartment build , day sweat pour off he brow , Bob stand in sunglass in the entrance - way to he apartment . a bus squeal up to the curb , belch smoke , then move on . a garbage can be kick over . Bob start to take a step when suddenly he get dizzy . he step back and hyperventilate . Bob put on a dust mask , step bravely onto the sidewalk , and walk , eye fix forward . bob I feel good , I feel great , I feel wonderful . ( repeat ) a man pass Bob , eye fix forward . man Son of a bitch , dirty bastard , I will get you ! ( repeat ) ext . the street of manhattan , day . long shot Bob walk through the city like a zombie , eye fix forward . int . a office build lobby , manhattan , same passer - by shuffle to and for . Bob , still in sunglass and dust mask , enter . he walk in a straight line to the building directory . he find : " Dr. Leo marvin , a psychiatric Corporation , suite 4616 . " doorman ( o.s. ) help you ? this startles Bob but he recover . bob I be go to see Dr. Leo marvin . doorman second elevator . 46th floor . bob Elevator . thanks . angle on the elevator Bob remove a kleenex from a pack in he pocket , use it to push the elevator button , then pace nervously . the elevator arrive and the door open . the elevator be fill up with passenger . Bob do not move . int . a steel and concrete stairwell , same we see a descend steel staircase and stairwell door mark " floor 40 " . we hear footstep -- rhythmic and determine -- get closer and closer . bob ( o.s. ) I feel good , I feel great , I feel wonderful . ( repeat over and over ) int . dr . marvine reception room , day Clair sit behind she desk read a book . Bob enter , red - face and out of breath , take he pulse . bob hi ... I be ... Bob ... int . dr . marvine office , day Dr. marvin be at he desk . Claire show in Bob . bob Dr. marvin . Bob wiley . thank you for work I in . Claire exit . Bob look around then notice a frame photo on marvin 's shelf . use he kleenex , Bob pick it up . he smile . bob you family ? ( marvin nod ) wait , let I guess . I be good at this . harriet , Kenny , gretchen , rita . wait wait , I know I be close . Susan , Steven , andrea , rita . wait -- marvin ( emotionless ) my wife , fay . my son , sigmund . my daughter , Anna . my sister , lily . bob lily ... I be close ! what a wonderful family ! Bob put the photo back on the shelf . marvin adjust it . marvin thank you . bob do I call you Dr. marvin or Leo ? marvin whichever you prefer . have a seat . bob call I Bob . Bob stare at the chair . there be a box of kleenex on the arm . Bob reach in he pocket , take out a kleenex , and use it to move the box of kleenex to the table . he then sit . marvin walk to Bob and hold out a trash can . Bob drop in the use kleenex . bob thank you . marvin put the trash can next to Bob 's chair then sit . he stare at Bob . he 's wait . bob I guess I be on , huh ? ( pause ) well , the simple way to put it be , I have problem . I worry er , about disease . I have trouble with toothbrush . and I , er , I have problem move . marvin talk about move . bob as long as I be in my apartment , I be okay . I have a phone job -- sell dental supplies -- and that 's fine . but when I have to go out , I get ... , weird . marvin talk about weird . bob I get dizzy spell . nausea . cold sweat . hot sweat . fever blister . difficulty swallow . difficulty breathe . blurr vision . involuntary tremble . Dead hand . weak ankle . twitch . faint spell . numb lip . ( pause ) do you think that 's normal ? marvin that depend . suddenly Bob remove a air sickness bag from he pocket . he open it and pause a long time as though he be about to vomit into it . he do not . he put the air sickness bag away . marvin lean in . Bob do too . marvin you do go out , you know . bob I do ? marvin you come here . bob you be right ! marvin what be you afraid of ? bob well . what if I break my neck and become paraplegic ? what if my heart stop beat , or I can not find a bathroom and my bladder explode ? you ever hear of tourette 's syndrome . you know , where you involuntarily shout profanity ? marvin that 's exceptionally rare . bob I have a neighbor who get it . yell " oh shit ! " in church . " douche bag ! " at customer at he job . pretty funny , actually , unless you be the one with the disease . then it 's sad . ( pause ) oh shit eating son of a bitch ! just kid . ( pause ) twat loving douche bag ! marvin why be you do this ? bob sometimes , if I fake it , I know I do not have it . like , when I think my heart be gonna stop . I fake it so I know it 's not happen . Bob fake a heart seizure -- very convincingly -- and fall to the floor . after a moment , he sit back in the chair as if nothing have happen . bob if I can not make it happen , I know it 's not happen . I know it 's all in my mind . marvin stand and walk towards Bob . bob get away from I with that knife ! ( laugh ) see ? marvin upright the trashcan and walk back to he seat . marvin be you marry ? bob divorce , actually . marvin want to talk about it ? bob the world be divide into two type of people : that who like Neil diamond and that who do not . my ex - wife love he . marvin um. bob Dr. marvin , do you think you can help I ? there be a pause . marvin lean in . marvin there 's a say , Bob , that the best psychiatrist in the world be right inside of you . I can help you , provide you be willing to help yourself . bob be you kid , I will do anything ! marvin stand and move to the bookcase behind he . marvin there 's a ground break book that just come out , Bob . not everything in it apply to you but when you see the title , I think you will see that it can help . there be twenty copy of marvin 's book on the shelf behind marvin . marvin hold one up . Bob see the cover . we see the picture of marvin on the back . bob baby step . marvin it mean set small , reasonable goal for yourself . one day at a time , one tiny step at a time -- do - able , accomplishable goal . bob baby step . marvin when you leave this office , do not think about everything you have to do to get out of the building , just deal with get out of the room . when you reach the hall , just deal with the hall . and so forth . baby step . Bob look at marvin then stand . bob baby step ... through the office . Bob take small deliberate step to the door . he open it and step into the reception area . bob ( o.s. ) baby step ... out the door . the door to the office close . there be a long pause . Bob open the door and pop back in . bob it work ! marvin of course . bob all I have to do be take one small step at a time and I can do anything ! marvin exactly . but do not expect everything all at once . even a baby occasionally fall and hit he head . Bob walk around the room as though he be inhabit each small space with he body . bob baby step around the office . baby step around the office ! ( to marvin 's family photo ) fay , sigmund , Anna , lily : hi fam ! he 's a genius ! marvin hand Bob the book . marvin this will give you plenty to digest while I be on vacation . bob vacation ? marvin certainly my secretary tell you . as of this afternoon , I be on vacation with my family until Labor Day . bob that 's a whole month ! what if I need you ? what if I need to talk ? marvin Dr. harmon , my associate will be happy to talk . he hand Bob harmon 's card . marvin we have year ahead of we , Bob . a month will seem like a baby second . marvin show Bob the door . Bob , do he baby step , look lose and confuse . bob can I call you in the hampton if I need you ? marvin Dr. harmon be quite skilled . Bob shuffles to the door . bob I hear Maine be great this time of year . marvin turn over he book and show Bob he picture . marvin I will be with you the whole month . try you baby step . bob let 's see ... baby step through the office . baby step out the door . marvin that 's perfect . keep go ... bob ( o.s. ) baby step to the hall . baby ... marvin close the door and start back to he desk . momentarily , Bob stick he head back in . bob it 's the catskill , be not it ? marvin Bob ... bob sorry . baby step . baby step ... Bob exit , close the door . marvin start to pick up Bob 's trash can when Bob stick he head in again . bob you fly or drive ? marvin bob. ( firmly re-assure ) I will be back . Bob look at marvin then start out . bob baby step , he will be back . baby step , he will be back ... Bob close the door behind he . from he desk marvin take a plastic trash bag and dump the content of Bob 's trash can into it . he pick up a small tape recorder and press " record " . marvin July 31 , Bob wiley , introductory interview . multi-phobic personality characterize by a extreme need for family connection . Bill $ 150 for the session and $ 29.95 for the book . he click the tape recorder off . there be a knock on the door . marvin Bob ... Claire put she head in . claire it 's you publicist . he say CBS will come to winnipesaukee . marvin stride triumphantly to the phone and lift it up . marvin ( into phone ) I know they would come to I ! Hugo , not to change the subject but have a psychiatrist ever win the Nobel Prize ? int . the hallway of marvine office build , same Bob pace in front of the elevator , read the book . bob baby step to the elevator . baby step to the elevator . the elevator , full of passenger , open . Bob , step in . bob baby step to the elevator . baby step to the elevator . the elevator door close and it start down . Bob scream . ext . the new york marine AIR terminal , day marvin and family ( who we recognize from the picture in marvin 's office ) exit a cab with they luggage and head into the terminal . marvin hurry hurry hurry . hurry hurry hurry . hurry hurry hurry . they pass a homeless man with a hand out . marvin 's wife fay stop and root in she purse . marvin honey there be not time . fay give the man some money then enter the terminal . marvin you be only encourage they , fay . int . the marine AIR terminal , same the marvin family hurry through the terminal . marvin hurry hurry hurry . hurry hurry hurry ... marvin 's 16 year old daughter anna and 12 year old son sigmund rush with they . anna daddy , would you cut it out ? the family find they gate and get in line to board . there be ten people ahead of they and the plane be not board yet . all haste stop as they drop they luggage to the floor . anna see ? fay honey , I tell you there be no rush . a nice look boy get in line behind they and check out Anna . she see he and flip she hair . siggy , dress in all black , play a video game on he watch . it beep and blurp . fay lovingly pluck a piece of lint off marvin 's jacket . siggy look up and pluck off another piece of lint . marvin take out a electronic organizer . he push button and it beep . marvin okay , how do this sound ? tomorrow : we will go shopping and clean up the house . siggy ooo , sound great . marvin Wednesday we will re-arrange the furniture and spruce up the lawn . siggy more , I gotta have more . marvin Thursday ... marvin clear he throat and smile . fay , anna , siggy ( sing song ) the interview with Maria shriver . marvin ( swell with pride ) I be have some art bring up from the city . the cottage should look spectacular . fay kiss marvin on the cheek . fay I be sure whatever you do will look wonderful , honey . marvin beam then go back to he organizer . marvin after the interview we will take a celebration sail around lake , then Friday -- my birthday -- we will have wonderful meal at digby 's . fay straighten siggy 's shirt tail . momentarily , siggy 's watch let out a staccato series of beep . marvin siggy , be you go to spend all summer drive we crazy with that ? siggy it 's not drive I crazy . anna I either . siggy continue he game . fay touch marvin on the hand to say , let it pass . Anna continue to flirt with the boy in line . marvin push a couple of button on he organizer and it let out three rapid beep . siggy smile triumphantly at marvin . siggy you gonna do that all summer ? marvin ignore this and put the organizer away . anna yeah , dad , huh ? marvin Anna you be mask hostility . marvin reach in he briefcase and remove two hand puppet . one have the silk screen face of Anna , the other of Leo . Anna see this and be incredibly embarrassed . anna ( intense ) daddy , put that away ! the line move . Anna hurry into the ramp way . marvin Anna . examine you behavior . marvin and the family disappear into the ramp way . airport loudspeaker ( v.o. ) Dr. Leo marvin , pick up the white courtesy phone . Dr. Leo marvin , please answer the white courtesy phone . int . a phone booth , new york , day , close on a long list of airline phone number with all but the last one cross out . pull back to find : bob stand at a pay phone , receiver to he ear . he have kleenex protect he hand , he ear and he mouth . outside the window be a hot dog stand . the vendor be serve up juicy hot dog and Bob watch longingly . operator' voice ( over phone ) I be sorry , Bob . no one 's answer the page . bob ( into phone ) thanks for try . Bob hang up and crumple the list . ext . the STREET outside the phone booth , same still look at the hot dog , Bob shuffles out of the phone booth . he toss he crumpled list at a trash can and miss . even though there be litter on the street all around the trash can , Bob ( use a kleenex ) pick up he list and put it in the trash . he walk to the hot dog stand and watch . he want a hot dog . vendor can I help you , bub ? bob bob. vendor would you like a hot dog , Bob ? bob I sure would ... the vendor bun a hot dog . vendor mustard ? bob I sure would . vendor sauerkraut . bob I would love it . the vendor hold out the dog . bob but I can not . I really want to but I can not . it 's bird intestine and beef brain . Bob look at the dog with a mixture of desire and revulsion . he pull out a air sickness bag , hold it ready , then put it back . the vendor retract the dog . vendor hit the road , bub . bob bob. Bob move on . int . a sunny new york flat , day Bob , out of breath , knock on the door . helene wiley , a late middle age woman drape in diaphanous scarve , open the door . she carry a palette knife and palette of paint . bob hi , mom . helene Bob , you do not walk up again ? bob I find this great psychiatrist who abandon I . helene turn and walk away . Bob follow she in . the next scene be play with helene walk away and Bob follow . they move through she apartment , dot with finish and half - finish painting on big canvase . helene do you come here for money ? bob Mom , that 's a terrible thing to ask . helene how do you like my latest ? she stop in front of a big canvas cover with knife , spoon , fork , paint , and twenty dollar bill . Bob touch one of the twenty . it come off in he hand . bob it 's lovely mom . helene take the twenty and put it back . helene Bobby , please ! bob Mom , I be sorry ! all I want to do be talk . I will go . she reach out and embrace he . helene oh my poor baby . how do you get so screw up ? bob oh , mom . helene you be the only thing I care about . always will be . bob oh mom . they stand there hugging for a moment . helene I be here for you , bob. anytime . bob I love you , mom . she look at he and lovingly straighten he hair . helene go home , sweetie . I need to work . ext . a STREET corner near the metropolitan museum , same Bob stand on the corner look like a lose soul . he watch as the world pass by . the light change . look both way constantly , Bob cross . bob baby step across the street . baby step across the street ... a " perfect little family " walk past he . a five year old girl and a three year old boy skip by , hand in hand . they wave at Bob . he wave back , sadly , then continue . bob ( affectless ) I feel good , I feel great , I feel wonderful . int . a baby decorate apartment , day " crackle Rose " by Neil diamond play on the stereo . becky , a perky woman , pregnant , about Bob 's age , answer the door . Bob stand in the hallway . she 's a little surprised . becky hi. bob whoa !... you be really get big . Bob gently put he hand on Becky 's belly . bob what a bruiser . hi little Bobby ! becky ( gently ) Bob , he 's not little Bobby . feel the heartbeat ? Bob put he ear to Becky 's belly and listen . suddenly , he hug Becky 's tummy . bob oh , Becky , let 's get marry again . becky ( pull away ) Bob . you know I be marry to some one else now . bob ( hold on ) but I want a baby . a family ! I want to burp he and change he and ... love he ! ( pause -- let go ) why could not it have be with I ? becky Bob , honey , we have be over this . you as a father ? think about it . Bob sink . Becky look at he sympathetically . there be still a warm spot in she heart for he . becky you know I actually have consider name he " Bob " . bob really ?! becky yeah . but it 's still go to be " Neil " . bob ( recognize Neil diamond on the stereo ) right . int . bob' apartment , late afternoon Bob sit alone watch ozzie and harriet . ozzie be talk to ricky , David , and harriet . ozzie we be a family . we will always be a family . I do not care what they say about you at school , we have get each other and do not you ever forget it . the family hug . the tv audience applaud . Bob pick up the phone and dial . split screen with mid-manhattan exchange a one room , two operator answer service . operator ( bessie ) ( on phone ) mid-manhattan Exchange . bob ( into phone ) this be Bob wiley . I be a patient of Dr. marvin' . I need to talk to he . urgently . bessie I be sorry Mr. wiley -- bob bob. bessie -- Bob , but Dr. marvin be out of town and Dr. harmon be take he call . bob I do not want harmon , I need marvin ! Bob pace then assume a false calm . bob look , there seem to be some confusion . you see , Dr. marvin , uh , Leo , want I to call he but I lose he number . bessie Bob . I can not give out that number . bob but you could call he and ask he to call I . bessie it 's awfully late . Bob be silent . bessie be uncertain . bessie stay on the line , Bob . what 's you number in case we get disconnect ? ext . marvine vacation house porch , late afternoon we recognize this as the same lake the doctor be sailing in the open scene : gorgeous greenery , the shore line with quaint but expensive summer home . where the doctor in the boat see a empty slab , stand the marvin summer house , a clapboard structure complete with a private dock , old wooden motorize rowboat , and diving board . marvin be relax in a chair . fay be in the background put out flower . marvin take a deep breath , sigh peacefully then pick up a book : Freud 's understand dream and open it . the phone ring . marvin frown , then answer . triple screen with bessie and bob and marvin marvin yes ? bessie Dr. marvin , this be bessie at you exchange . I be sorry to disturb you but I have a Bob wiley on the line who say you will want to talk to he . marvin you know better than this , bessie . Dr. harmon be cover for I . bessie I tell he that , Doctor , but he insist on talk to you . he say it 's a emergency . marvin frown then take a deep breath . marvin put he through . bessie go ahead , Bob . back to double split -screen Bob 's frantic pace contrast with marvin 's calm . marvin Bob , I think I make it clear to you that I be on vacation . bob I know , but I be a mess . worse than usual . marvin Bob , if this be a emergency , go to the emergency room . if not , call Dr. harmon and I be sure he can help you . bob I would feel better if I just know where you be . it 's martha 's vineyard right ? marvin Bob . bob could not we just talk ? marvin in my office , after Labor Day . bob Fire Island ? marvin good night , Bob . marvin hang up . single screen . Bob hang up too . he stand and think then dial again . split screen with mid-manhattan exchange . bob hi , this be bob. Leo and I get cut off . bessie I be sorry , Bob , but Dr. marvin just call and instruct I not to put you through . bob what ? Bob stand think . int . a manhattan pay phone booth , night a mid-twenty prostitute , overly make up , be on the phone . split screen again with mid -manhattan exchange . bessie mid-manhattan exchange . prostitute ( into phone ) hello , this be lily marvin , Dr. Leo marvin 's sister . I have to talk to my brother right away . bessie ( skeptical ) I be not allow to give out that number . do not you have it ? a pull back reveal bob stand beside the prostitute , wear he face mask , wait anxiously . Bob whisper in the prostitute 's ear . she nod . prostitute ( into phone ) he go on vacation and forget to give it to I . look , honey , it 's urgent . I be at : 790-8864 . she read the number off the pay phone . bessie react to the fact that it 's a different number from Bob 's . she shake she head and sigh . bessie stay on the line , miss marvin . the prostitute hand the phone to Bob . he spray the phone with disinfectant then hand she some money . bob thanks . you be fantastic . the prostitute shake she head and walk away . int . marvine vacation house dine room , night the moonlit lake be in the far background . in the near background the marvin family sit eat dinner . marvin hold the telephone , look concerned , walk off by himself . marvin lily ? what 's wrong ? split screen with Bob , stand at he pay phone . he cringe . bob Dr. marvin , please do not be angry . it 's Bob . I know I should not call this way but -- marvin Bob , listen to I . the doctor-patient relationship be base on trust . when you call I against my wish or pretend to be my sister , I can not trust you any more . bob I know but -- marvin call Dr. harmon , or go to the emergency room , but do not call I here again . marvin hang up . back to single screen . Bob stand in the phone booth , bang he hand on he head . bob oh that be not smart ! oh that be not smart ... he walk out of the booth shaking he head . he exit screen leave . momentarily he cross back through screen , mutter to himself . int . the mid -manhattan exchange , night bessie sit at she switchboard , read a regency romance . the operator , gwen , be do she nail . there be a knock on the door . the operator look at each other , go to the door , but do not open it . bessie ( into the door ) who be it ? voice on phone ( from without ) detective Roberts . homicide . gwen what do you want ? detective robert ( from without ) I have some question about a Bob wiley . bessie ( to gwen ) that be that sicko who keep call Dr. marvin . ( loud ) what about he ? she open the door . detective Roberts be bob. bob as detective robert he 's dead . bessie oh my god . what happen ? bob suicide . we think . forty storey . free fall . splat . the operator gasp . bob now we record show that Bob make several call to this number just before he die . do either of you know Bob personally ? bessie Bob call here try to reach he psychiatrist . bob that 's interesting . what happen ? operator I put he through once . after that , Dr. marvin do not want to talk to he again . bob uh huh . bessie wait a minute . Dr. marvin could not have have anything to do with Bob 's death . bob oh ? why not ? bessie Dr. marvin 's on vacation . bob ah . gwen out of state . Lake winnipesaukee . bob Michigan ? bessie New Hampshire . bob right . bessie we be not suppose to give out the number but I can call he and ... bob that 's okay . I be sure we can find he if we need he . Bob write down the information as he walk to the door . bessie God , I feel terrible . what if I be the last person he talk to before he die ? bob I frankly would not let it bother I . this guy have " sky diver " write all over he if you know what I mean . Bob close the door behind he . ext . the answering service hallway , same Bob almost throw up then put the air sickness bag away again . he take a deep breath , smile to himself , then exit . int . marvine summer house bedroom , night marvin and fay be asleep in bed . the phone ring . fay turn on the light . marvin that would better not be who I think it be . marvin answer the phone . fay listen . marvin ( into phone ) hello ... what ?... that 's okay . thanks for call , bessie . marvin hang up . he sit , stunne . marvin that be my service . that patient -- the one who call earlier -- commit suicide . fay oh Leo , how horrible . fay rub marvin 's neck . there be a long pause . marvin oh well . let 's not let it ruin we vacation . marvin turn out the light and lie down . int . a bus station , morning Bob wear bermuda short and baseball cap . in one hand , like a security blanket , he clutches a paper bag spilling over with clothes , bottle of pill , and baby step . in the other hand he clutches a baggie hold gil . eye fix ahead , Bob stare at : a bus loom large like a growl grumble snort monster . bus employee approach bus employee this be the last bus to winnipesaukee , Bob . bob how many tunnel do it pass through again ? how many bridge ? bus employee if you keep you eye close , you will not see any of they . you ready ? bob baby step , board the bus . baby step , board the bus . Bob look at the bus again . he tip he bottle of pill and swallow . he take a small baby step towards the bus . bus employee you think you could do it today , Bob . we have a baby schedule to keep . bob baby step , board today . baby step , board today . Bob inch into the bus . int . the bus , same a bus driver sit ready to go . Bob walk like a cripple down the aisle to a empty seat . bob baby step , down the aisle . baby step , down the aisle . the passenger , a scurvy bunch , wait impatiently . Bob finally take a seat next to a old man and smile nervously . bob hi. I be bob. the old man scowl and look forward . the bus driver close the door and the bus move forward with a jolt . bob ah !! ( turn to the old man ) would you knock I out , please ?! hit I in the face , whatever you have to do , just knock I out ! the old man move away . Bob downs more pill . int . the holland tunnel , day the bus speed through . we hear a long , loud scream . ext . the marvin porch , day marvin lie down in the hammock and pick up he book . fay enter . fay honey , let 's go to the store . ext . the OPEN countryside , day the Greyhound bus stop . Bob get out and run into a field . he apparently vomit , then run back to the bus . int . lake winnipesaukee general store , day the marvin family stroll through this old fashioned General store , load food and supplies into a shopping cart . they be all in short and look resorty except for siggy who be in he usual all - black garb . through the window , outside , we can see the quaint little town of winnipesaukee . marvin Hugo say to expect eleven . be you sure we have enough ? fay we could feed the entire network , honey . relax . Anna join they and toss in some cookie . marvin ( to Anna ) by the way , do you call Ted fein ? anna why ? he 's a salami with eye . marvin I think he be cute . anna how would you know a boy be cute ? be you come out of the closet ? fay Anna . be nice . ( she fix Anna 's collar ) marvin ( calmly ) she 's just testing we , fay . but do not get psycho-sexual with I young lady . anna I ? when you want I to call some guy cause he father 's you publicist ? siggy yeah , dad . do not be a psychosexual pimp . fay siggy , do not talk that way to you father . marvin they be both testing we , fay . do not buy into it . siggy yeah , mom . it 's not mean for you , it 's mean for dad . ( at he father ) test . 1 , 2 , 3 . test . ext . the bus stop across from the general store , day a greyhound bus pull to the bus stop . passenger hurry off , anxiously glance behind they . finally Bob , cover in sweat , exit . holding he bag and fish , squinting to adjust to the sun , he stand in a daze as the bus pull away . after a long pause , Bob call out . bob Dr. marvin ! Dr. Leo marvin ! Bob wait . passer - by turn and stare . there be no Leo marvin in sight . bob Dr. marvin ! Dr. Leo marvin ! ext . the general store , same the marvin family exit carry grocery . they stop at the family station wagon and begin load up . bob ( o.s. ) Dr. Leo marvin . Dr. Leo marvin . fay Leo , be somebody call you ? marvin I do not hear anything . bob ( o.s. ) Leo marvin . Dr. Leo marvin ! everyone look around . fay over there . marvin turn and see Bob . marvin oh my god ... I do not believe it . at the bus stop Bob look in all direction . suddenly he see marvin . bob Dr. marvin . it 's you !! Bob walk toward the marvin . marvin stand dumfounded . he watch Bob walk towards they . he try to stay calm . marvin everybody get in the car . fay do you know that man , Leo ? bob Dr. marvin ! it 's I , Bob ! marvin ( intense ) get in the car . fay be surprised to see Leo so forceful . she hustle the kid into the station wagon . Bob hurry up , out of breath . in one hand he hold he bag . in the other he hold gil in a baggie . marvin close the station wagon door and stand outside . bob hi! this be gil . it must be fate that I find you so quickly ! Bob stop and stand , a little out of breath . bob be this a bad time ? marvin what be you do here ? I think you be ... , dead . bob oh no , they tell you ? I fibbe a little but ... do not be mad . ( spot the family in the car ) oh ... a sweet beatific smile appear on Bob 's face . he sigh . bob the fam . marvin lead Bob away from the car , across the street . ext . across the STREET from the parking lot , same marvin stop and face Bob . marvin I think you know , Bob , that you behavior be entirely inappropriate . we talk about trust . we talk about my need . I want you to get on a bus and go back to New York . bob you be angry . marvin I do not get angry . bob you be upset . marvin I do not get upset . bob then can not we just talk ? marvin I do not see patient on vacation , bob. ever . how many way can I make that clear ? bob but you can not just send I away ! I have read you book , I have be do what you tell I , but I have completely relapse ! a little time would mean so much . please . marvin Bob , I be drive away now and I do not want you to bother I again . you come for my advice , correct ? bob absolutely . marvin then take my advice and go back to New York . bob but I can not go anywhere ! I be all lock up ! marvin you get yourself here . bob barely ! marvin get back will therapeutic . Bob start begging . bob please just talk to I . just a little talk . marvin you be testing my patience , Bob . bob a teeny tiny talk . a itty bitty talk ... angle from inside the car , what the family sees Bob be kneel in front of marvin . bob pretty please ... pretty please with sugar ... the family exchange quizzical look . back to bob and marvin marvin look around , incredibly embarrassed . he tug at the kneel Bob . marvin ( gritt tooth ) get up . come on , get up . bob ( stand ) say you will . please , say you will . marvin look at he watch . marvin Bob , it 's two o'clock . go to the bus station , buy a ticket home , then wait in that restaurant . he point to " guttman be " coffee shop . bob you will meet I ?! marvin I will call you . ( look at he watch ) in two hour . bob oh my god , you be the great ! Bob move to hug marvin and marvin reluctantly let he . marvin but you must buy you ticket and give you word that you will go home . this be all about trust again , Bob . we must have trust . bob I trust . I absolutely trust . I will go buy my ticket . right now ! marvin I will call you at four . bob you could not possibly make it three thirty , could you ? marvin Bob ... bob four it be . four o'clock exactly . thank you , Dr. M. Bob start across the parking lot as marvin get in the car and close the door . int . the marvin family station wagon , same as the car pull out of the parking lot , marvin 's family turn to look at Bob . Bob smile and wave at the family . fay Leo , you look disturb . marvin I be fine . fay who be that poor man ? marvin nobody . Anna be look out the back window at Bob . she wave . anna he 's cute . marvin hit the accelerator , leave rubber . int . guttman' coffee shop , later a elderly couple tend to the counter and glass . Bob pace by the phone , read baby step to himself . the clock on the wall read three o'clock . bob baby step to four o'clock . baby step to four o'clock . Bob cover he eye then look at the clock . no luck . frustrate , Bob pace again . bob I feel good , I feel great , I feel four o'clock ! again he look at the clock : three - o-one . the elderly couple watch . they speak with thick european accent . elderly woman ( mrs . guttman ) sonny , you fishy 's lose air . bob huh ? elderly man ( mr. guttman ) you guppy . Bob look at gil . the baggie be drip . bob oh. thanks . Bob look for something to do about the drip baggie . Mr. guttman bring a glass and dump gil in . bob thank you . mr. guttman be there something we can help you with ? bob can you make it four o'clock ? Dr. marvin 's suppose to call I then but I be go crazy . mrs . guttman not Dr. Leo marvin ? bob do you know he ? mrs . guttman he buy we dream house . we work a lifetime , save up for a down payment , then he swoop down with he fancy schmancy lawyer and grab it out from under we . mr. guttman stay as far away from he as possible . mrs . guttman like the plague . bob no problem . I be he patient but he do not want I near he . mr. guttman we will show you where he life . ext . the marvin summer house , same marvin and siggy march to the end of the marvin dock . there be a diving board . siggy stand in a black terry robe and flip flop . marvin take off you robe . everything you wear be black . I wish you would get off this death fixation . siggy reluctantly take off he black robe . under it he wear a black t-shirt and black bathing suit . siggy how do you know it 's a death fixation ? maybe I be in mourn for my lose childhood . marvin what do you mean by that ? siggy what do you mean by ask ? marvin come on , get on the board and let 's see you approach . siggy ( strike a pose ) my approach be to be suave and debonair and sophisticated . marvin come on , siggy . 1 , 2 , 3 spring . like we learn last time . 1 , 2 , 3 , spring . siggy reluctantly mount the board . he stand , foot together , then take a step with he right foot . siggy 1 , 2 , 3 spring . 1 , 2 , 3 summer . 1 , 2 , 3 fall . time to go dad . marvin cut it out , siggy . Left foot ... siggy this be no fun . siggy sigh then start again . he awkwardly take two step then stop at the end of the board , stare into the water , afraid to dive . marvin why do not you dive ? siggy with all the horror that 's go on in the world , what difference do it make ? int . marvin summer house , same the decor be New England cottage -y with a strong dose of Leo marvin : incredibly order . on a pedestal be a bust of sigmund Freud . on the mantle sit the family puppet : -- Anna , siggy , fay , and leo. Anna be at the family stereo , select a CD . fay be on the chordless phone at the kitchen window , give milk to some stray cat . fay ( into phone ) of course I be excited ellie . the last person they interview on vacation be Dr Ruth . siggy enter and walk upstairs . marvin enter and head to the live room chair . fay hang up . fay he do not dive . marvin no . fay he 's a little afraid of it , dear . have patience . marvin it 's not like I be make he jump out of a airplane . when I be grow up , I think diving be fun . anna I think you be bear grow up . marvin stare at Anna . she put on raucous heavy metal . marvin you be mask hostility , Anna marvin . turn that down . anna it 's full of freudian symbol , dad . it 's educational . marvin turn down the volume , sit in he big easy chair , then take a deep breath . he pick up Freud 's understand dream . Anna put on headphone and dance around wildly . marvin try to read . suddenly a face appear in the window . it be Bob . he see marvin and tap on the window . marvin look up and see Bob . marvin what the ...? ( he bolt to the front door ) what be you do here ? Bob stand hold gil ( in the glass ) and he bag . bob I be sorry . do not be mad . the guttman bring I . Bob turn and wave at the guttman who be walk into a old trailer that occupy next lot . bob thank you Mr. and Mrs. G .! mrs . guttman you welcome , Bobby , hello , Dr. marvin ! the guttman wave . marvin wave back . mrs . guttman burn in hell , Dr. marvin ! marvin 's hand fall . the guttman enter they trailer . marvin turn to Bob . marvin we agree that I would call you . you come here be unbelievably inappropriate . Anna come to the door . anna hi. I be Anna . bob I see you picture . I be bob. fay come to the door . bob hi. I be bob. fay I be fay . bob oh , Mrs. M. you be even prettier than you picture . fay why thank you . marvin ( through he tooth ) Bob , I think you and I have some thing to talk about . bob you do ? you finally think so too ?! marvin ( to fay ) would you excuse we , dear ? fay Bob , may I take you fish ? Bob hand gil to fay and she walk into the kitchen . Anna just stand there . marvin Anna . Anna roll she eye and follow she mother . anna Nice to meet you , Bob . bob you too . marvin lead Bob away . Bob see the puppet on the mantle . int . the marvin house study , same Bob and marvin enter the downstairs study . marvin indicate for Bob to take a seat . bob great place . no wonder the guttman want it . I really feel bad about barging in like this . marvin forget it . I understand . bob you do ? marvin of course I do . you problem do not go away just because I go on vacation . they have be with you a long time after all . bob ever since I can remember . marvin on the other hand , you be make stride . you get here . bob I baby step . I owe it to you . Bob smile . marvin stare at Bob for a long time then : marvin Bob , take a look around you . what do everything you see have in common ? bob er ... I do not know ... it 's all own by you , that 's obvious . humm ... everything 's from a garage sale ! there be a long pause . marvin stare at Bob . marvin vacation , Bob . everything you see be part of a vacation . every year , for one month , I bring my family to this house on vacation . Nice , be not it ? bob it 's wonderful . the lake . the tree . the little town . marvin do you know what the point of a vacation be ? do you understand the meaning of the word ? bob sure . marvin you forget about you trouble . you give up you worry . you drink from the wellspring of relaxation that enriches you soul . ( pause ) now I can not , at this time , give you the kind of therapeutic attention that you need to solve all you problem . know why ? bob er , because you be on vacation ? marvin excellent . but what I can do -- and only I can do this because you trust I do not you Bob ? bob why else would I be here ? marvin exactly . what I can do be this . marvin go to a drawer and pull out a prescription pad . he write . marvin get on you bus and go back to New York . every time a problem come up , follow this prescription . bob ( hold up he bag ) I do not need pill . I have plenty of pill . marvin tear off a prescription sheet and hand it to bob . marvin it 's not pill . read it . bob ( take it ) it say : " a vacation from my problem . " marvin I be give you permission to take a vacation , Bob . not a vacation from you work . not a vacation from you daily life . but a vacation from ... bob my problem . marvin every time you feel a problem come on , take that out and follow it to the letter . doctor order . bob doctor order . marvin stand . marvin I be glad you come . I will see you in my office next month . bob that 's it ? marvin you come here for relief , Bob . read you prescription . Bob stand a moment , look at he prescription . bob this be ... incredible ! this be astounding !! for the first time since menninger I feel free ! I know come up here be the right thing to do ! marvin it feel right because you be here and because you be leave . Bob come over and hug marvin . bob you have give I a great gift , doctor . the gift of life . you be a great man . ext .-int . the marvin house , day marvin open the door for Bob . marvin if you have any question , call Dr. harmon . bob have a great vacation ! marvin you too . bob a vacation from my problem . you bet I will ! Bob exit . marvin close the door and look up at the ceiling . he take a deep breath then turn back into the room . there be a knock at the door . marvin ( at the door ) yes ? bob ( from without ) it 's Bob . I forget gil . marvin open the door . bob my fish . marvin oh. right . Bob stride into the kitchen and take he fish . sigmund , now in he clothes , enter from upstairs . bob you must be sigmund . marvin siggy , this be Bob . he 's just leave . siggy hi. bob hi. this be gil . my fish . siggy cool . do you get he out of the lake ? bob no . he 's a city fish . siggy cool . bob you father be the most incredible psychiatrist in the world ! you better appreciate he . he stride to the door then turn wistfully . bob have a great vacation , fam . marvin you too , Bob . siggy Nice to meet you . ext . a wooded lane in winnipesaukee , day Bob walk down the country lane . cricket chirp . bob vacation from my problem . take a vacation from my problem . a baby step , lazy step vacation from my problem . Bob fall into a rhythm , almost a little jig as he walk . long dissolve to : ext . lake winnipesaukee , morning rooster crow in the new day . int . the marvin live room , same marvin , fay and siggy stand freeze , like artist 's model , stare at something . be this suddenly a godard movie ? be we now in a becket play ? finally : marvin it 's too close to the wall . siggy who care ? marvin move to the couch and pull it out from the wall about three inch . marvin I care , and you should too . we house be go on national television tomorrow . you want you friend to think you live in a dump ? siggy my friend would respect I for it . marvin you know , there 's nothing wrong with neatness . people joke but it 's actually a sign of a creative intelligence . right , fay ? fay in isolate case , sure . marvin what be that suppose to mean ? fay the room look wonderful , dear . fay peck he on the cheek and walk into the kitchen . siggy follow . ditto Anna who start cooking pancake . marvin seriously , what do you mean by that ? he get no answer from the rest of the family who look at each other and smile . anna you be incredibly creative , daddy . marvin go back to make minuscule adjustment : adjust diploma , etc . at the front door be a knock . marvin I will get it . it 's probably the van with my art . check out he " set " as he go , marvin open the door . it 's Bob . bob good morning ! I will bet you be surprised to see I ! marvin stand dumfounded bob when I walk out of here last night I say to myself , " Dr. marvin 's absolutely right . take a vacation from you problem . blow they off . just say ' no ' . " so I do ! marvin but ... you be back . bob no I be not . marvin you be not ?! bob of course not . I be take a vacation . this be not a appointment , I be drop by . I tell the guttman what you say and they find I a cottage nearby . marvin no ... bob yeah , the town be pack but I guess if you know the right people ... anyway , I know we can not work but let 's get the friendship thing go . marvin be absolutely flabbergasted . bob I be a little anxious about be here by myself but I do not want to barge in . I will call . give my best to the fam and see ya around , okay ? Bob walk away . marvin close the door . he stand there for a long time . fay who be that , Leo ? marvin nobody . siggy again ? there be a knock on the door . marvin open it . bob I almost forget , here 's you newspaper . see ya . marvin take the newspaper and close the door . anna be not that Bob ? there be another knock on the door . it 's Bob . bob you guy up for go out to breakfast ? marvin no ! bob eat in . I admire that . marvin slam the door in Bob 's face . anna that be Bob ! I think you say he leave town ? marvin I do . I say exactly that . Anna move to the front door , after bob. marvin grab she arm and lead she to the kitchen . marvin and I do not want you let he in this house . anna daddy , you be hurt I ! Anna wrench she arm away . anna what 's you problem ? marvin I do not have a problem . fay walk in . fay honey , who be that man ? marvin nobody , fay . nothing to get excited about . a work related problem just go away . ( smile nonchalantly ) it 's fine . he stroll off into the kitchen . Anna rub she arm . anna I have never see he like this . fay ( low ) if you want to know , I think you father be nervous about go on national television tomorrow . Freud himself would be anxious so let 's be supportive , okay ? anna he should go punch some pillow . siggy or get shock treatment . fay remember that he 's under pressure . marvin ( from the kitchen ) flap jack ! ext . a wooded lane in winnipesalrkee , day Bob walk down the empty country lane . cricket chirp . bob vacation from my problem . take a vacation from my problem . there 's nothing to fear , there 's nobody here . nothing to fear ( he suddenly panic ) there's nobody here ! he start run and scream . ext . the marvin summer house , morning two men from a van be bring in the art from marvin 's office . marvin be use a weed trimmer to spruce up the shrub to within a inch or they life . Anna , in a bathing suit , sunglass , and skimpy cover - up exit the house , give she father a good - bye peck on the cheek then get in the family station wagon . marvin where be you off to ? anna sail . marvin with teddy fein ? anna no. George Stark . the boy from the plane . marvin it 's a quarter mile to the marina . why do you need the car ? anna I be pick everybody up . she start the car and back out . marvin stay out of the sun ! remember what 's happen to the ozone layer . ext . a wooded lane in winnipesaukee , day Bob be run in a panic . Anna drive by and see he . anna Bob ! Anna hit the brake and slow next to Bob . he break to a slow trot . anna hi ! where you go ? bob just to ... town. ( pause ) buy some ... , kleenex . anna want a ride ? bob I do not think you dad would like you pick I up . anna he would not like a lot of thing . hop in . Bob hesitates then get in . int . the marvin station wagon , same Anna drive . Bob put on he seat belt . bob he seem pretty upset this morning . anna he 's nervous about the interview . bob interview ? anna Maria shriver 's come tomorrow to talk about he book . bob wow ... so that 's the problem ! and I think he be upset about I ! anna well he 's always uptight , even when it do not show . bob he be ? anna sure . imagine grow up with a dad who see every stage of grow up as a freudian passage . do you ever have crayon ? bob sure . anna fat or skinny ? bob er , skinny , I think . anna ( warning tone ) uh oh . bob what do you mean ? anna dad see crayon as phallic symbol . when I ask for skinny crayon , it be a personal assault on he manhood . bob what would he do , buy a porsche ? Anna laugh . anna I wish ! he just keep psychoanalyzing everything . my doll be alter ego . boy who want to kiss I be oedipally fixate adolescent look to displace they mother on they aboriginal family totem . bob sound like my friend to a tee . ( a beat ) you seem to be do okay now . anna hardly . I analyze everything to death . every time a guy smile at I , I ask myself be he really smile or be he just orally fixate ? when I smile back , I wonder , be I really attract or just smile out of some residual cro-magnon instinct ? if I ever actually have sex , I be not sure I will know the difference between a orgasm and a anxiety attack ! bob I have the same problem . anna the kind of urge other girl act on impulsively , I analyze until either the urge go away or -- bob or what ? anna the boy go away . Long pause . bob well . it sound like you dad never learn to leave he work at the office . anna lot of good it do I ! bob you will make some man very happy someday . this hang in the air . Anna look at bob. anna what be you do today ? bob buying kleenex . anna wanna come sailing ? bob well , I ... I , er ... anna that 's okay . you do not have to . Bob look at Anna . he see she attraction to he and it make he nervous but he do not want to reject she . he look down shyly . bob actually , it 's not that I do not want to go . it 's just that I have never be on a boat and I be not sure I can handle it . anna there 's nothing to it . George Stark 's do the sailing . bob just think about give I hive . ext . GEORGE stark day sailboat , day . close on bob stand next to the mast , he hair blow in the wind . bob you be right , this be great ! I never actually think I could do this . I never think this could be I ! pull back to reveal that Bob , wear life preserver on he body and leg , be wrap onto the mast from chest to toe with rope . Anna , George Stark ( from the airport ) and a few other kid sit around enjoy the sail . ext . the marvin private dock , day marvin stand at the end of the diving board , hold siggy by he ankle out over the water . on the shore next door , the guttman sit in lounge chair , fishing . siggy this be child abuse ! if you drop I , I will prosecute ! marvin I be not go to let go until you be ready , okay ? trust I and put you hand out like I show you . siggy I be not ready ! do you hear ? I be not ready !! George 's sailboat heel by . from it wave Anna and some of she friend -- and Bob . bob ( shouting and wave ) hey Doctor m , look at I ! I be sailing ! stun , marvin drop siggy into the water . siggy do a belly flop then come up for air , furious . siggy murderer ! child molester ... marvin siggy , it be a accident ! the guttman Hitler ! ext . a pier near winnipesaukee town , later marvin walk along the shore towards the pier in time to see Anna and a wobbly Bob disembark George 's sailboat . marvin Anna ! Anna see she father . she say good - bye to George and she friend then walk towards she father . Bob start towards marvin too . bob do you see I out there ?! I be get better all the time . marvin I want to see Anna alone . Bob stop . marvin wait while Anna walk to he . marvin I think I tell you to stay away from Bob wiley . anna no . you just say I could not let he in the house . marvin start walk away from the sailboat party towards the town green . he put he arm around Anna so that she have to walk with he . anna daddy , where be we go ? marvin Home . anna what about the car ? I leave it at the pier . marvin leave it . it 's be a while since I have have a walk with my daughter . Anna look back at she friend and Bob . she shrug then turn back to she father . from he pocket marvin remove the Leo and Anna puppet and hand she " Anna " . anna daddy , not here ! marvin puppet Anna , I know you think you be old enough to know what 's best for you and I know you be at the age where you do not want to listen to you father . but as you father , who 's always love you , I be ask you not to see Bob wiley . Anna grab the Anna puppet and put it on , defiantly . anna puppet I do not understand the problem ! Bob 's a nice guy ! marvin puppet Bob wiley be a patient . he follow I here from New York which be bizarre . but even if it be not bizarre , my daughter see a patient that I be treat be entirely inappropriate . anna puppet Bob say you be not treat he here . marvin puppet he 's right there ! anna puppet so if you be not treat he while he 's here , then he 's not a patient while he 's here , be he ? and I have the right to see he ! she throw the puppet at marvin then run to she friend . marvin puppet Anna , you be act out ! anna Bob 's a perfectly nice guy ! he 's intense and sensitive and he listen which be more than I can say about you . Bob ! marvin stand a moment and watch . he be stunne . marvin puppet Anna , come back ! Anna run to Bob and take he arm . they start walk down the shore . marvin be dumbstruck . int . / ext . the marvin house , later siggy lie on the deck , look up at the sky through binocular . fay be in the kitchen , arrange driftwood . she come to the back door of the cottage . fay why do not you come in and talk about it ? siggy say nothing . fay just because you father drop you in the water do not mean you can not trust I . siggy you sleep with he . you be he spy . int . the front door of the marvin house , same marvin enter , look absolutely stunne . fay Leo , you have upset siggy . marvin stare blankly at fay then shuffles up the stair . fay Leo ...? again marvin do not answer and fay start towards he . siggy that 's right , go to he ! you always do . fay stop , look at siggy then go upstairs after Leo . ext . the deck , day siggy lie back down and peer through the binocular . as he do , a grotesque close up of bob pop into siggy 's field of view . he sit up with a start . Bob and Anna be stand over he . bob hey , siggy . siggy oh. hi , Bob . you scared I . bob sorry . do not mean to sneak up on you . siggy lie back down and look through the binocular , clearly not interested in be social . Bob look at Anna . she shake she head . anna dad 's at it again . I can tell . ( to siggy ) another vacation that 's not a vacation , right ? siggy what 's with he and diving ? Maria shriver 's not gonna watch I dive ! int . the marvin house bedroom , same marvin be prostrate on the bed , marvin puppet still on he hand , stare at the ceiling . fay enter . she sit down next to marvin and stroke he hair . fay Leo , siggy be really upset . marvin say nothing . fay Leo ... marvin look at he wife . marvin fay , I be a failure . fay what ? marvin we daughter , we only daughter , have fall for a brilliant manipulator twice she age . fay Leo , for god 's sake talk sense . marvin Anna and Bob ! ext . the marvin private dock , same siggy be stand on the diving board , ready for he approach . Bob and Anna watch from the pier . next door the guttman sit watch . bob face a fear and it go away . siggy okay . I be face it , now what do I do ? bob hit it . fast . while it be not look . siggy take a deep breath , summon up he courage , and make he approach . he spring but can not dive . siggy my mind say " yes yes " but my body say " no no " . it 's hopeless . bob if I be not hopeless , nothing 's hopeless ... Bob step onto the board . he " baby step " out to the end where siggy be stand . bob let 's try something I see in a pirate movie . int . the marvin bedroom , same marvin be down the hall in the bathroom , dousing he face with water . fay stand in the bedroom . marvin for God 's sake , I be even a failure in my own book ! can you believe it ? in chapter 2 , I write that a healthy adolescent girl can never have a sublimate father complex and my daughter have one . fay it 's a brief flirtation , honey . Anna 's perfectly healthy . marvin then you be say the book 's wrong ? fay better that than Anna . marvin wash he face some more then look up . marvin fay , my god ! marvin walk into the room , water drip off he face , look like a man who 's just see he own death . fay Leo , what ? Leo , what be it ? marvin I be go on national television tomorrow -- to promote a fraud ! ext . the marvin private dock , same Bob be stand near the end of the diving board hold siggy by the hip . siggy be hang over the water , hand and head down , ready to enter the water diving . Anna be watch . so be the guttman . bob do not think about boil oil ! siggy I be not . bob or searing acid ! siggy I be not ! bob we Father , we commit this soul to the sea . Bob gently release siggy . siggy fall into the water , diving . Anna applaud . so do the guttman . siggy resurface and throw a jubilant fist in the air . siggy yeah ! int . the marvin bedroom , same fay hold marvin 's head in she bosom , stroking he . marvin I be doom ! fay no you be not . marvin I will be a laugh stock ! fay no you will not . you have blow this way out of proportion , Leo , and you have to get control . now try you breathe . marvin okay. ( breathes hard ) I be be ridiculous . ( more breath ) you be right . he walk around breathe exaggeratedly . marvin it 's a brilliant book ... we daughter 's fine ... I be great . fay that 's right . applause from outside can be hear in the room . fay go to the window . marvin fay , do you remember a carswell fensterwald ? fay my God , Leo , look at this . marvin the name be so familiar but -- fay Leo , siggy 's diving ! marvin what ? marvin look out the window . he see : ext . the marvin private dock , same . marvins ' Pov Bob release siggy for another perfect dive . back to marvin marvin I will put a stop to this ! marvin storm out of the bedroom . fay Leo ! ext . the marvin dock , same siggy stand at the end of the board , more confident now , get ready to do another dive . Bob hold siggy again but this time siggy do not need much help if any . marvin charge down the dock , fay right behind he . marvin enough . let go of he ! that 's enough ! fay Leo ! bob Dr. M. , watch this ! siggy ( lean over to dive ) watch , dad ! marvin stop diving this instant ! anna dad ! marvin leap onto the diving board , shaking it . Bob lose he grip and siggy fall off the board , do a back buster . Bob fall in too . siggy ow ! ( dagger at marvin ) you bastard ! fay Leo ! look at what you be do ! Leo , look at yourself ! everybody look at marvin , stand alone on the board . he realize that he 's lose all control , something he never do . he look at the guttman . marvin what be you stare at ? I have every right to buy this house ! anna ( look in the water ) where 's Bob ? where 's Bob ?! Anna and fay dive into the water . they go under look for Bob . ext . the marvin house deck , afternoon Bob be off a bit by himself , wring out he clothes . fay , Anna and siggy sit toweling off . marvin come out of the house and talk in low tone to he family . marvin listen , everybody , I be not wrong often , but when I be , I admit it . I be sorry . I mean it . how can I make it up ? there be a pause . Anna and siggy and fay look at each other . siggy knock Bob in the water be awful . what if he have not know how to swim ? marvin but he do . I be not say I be right , but Bob can do a lot of thing no one think he could do . Anna , fay and siggy be silent . marvin look , I say I be wrong now I would like to forget it . I would like you all to accept my apology . anna what about Bob ? marvin what about Bob ?! anna do not you think you should apologize to he ? angle on bob at the outdoor shower , rinsing off he clothes . he can not hear the family but he can see they be talk about he and he 's give they he best hang - dog look . marvin I will not apologize to Bob . anna why not ? marvin because I will not . fay honey , why be you so hostile towards the poor man ? marvin because he 's a patient , fay ! do not you get it ? siggy he 's not a patient , he 's a person . anna and a nice one . fay I think we should invite he for dinner . marvin dinner ?! fay dinner . anna really ?! fay the poor fellow 's devastate . fay head towards bob. marvin turn to she . he keep he voice low to keep from be hear by Bob , but inside he be about to explode . marvin I do not want Bob for dinner , fay . fay Leo ... marvin I do not want Bob for dinner , fay . I want to think about my interview . Leo be try not to explode . fay hang in the balance . anna do it , mom . invite he . you would be make family history . it would be the first major thing you have do on you own since I have know you ! fay right be right , Leo marvin . fay head to bob. marvin 's mouth fall open . sigmund test 1 , 2 , 3 . test . for the next few second we will be conduct a test of the emergency broadcast system : marvin siggy fay talk to Bob . Anna head over to he too . marvin stand speechless , ready to commit hari-kari . ext . the marvin house patio , evening dusk have descend over Lake winnipesaukee . the glow of the moon , the star , and light from the other cottage along the lake shore provide peaceful illumination . the marvin family -- and Bob -- be dining out on they deck overlook the lake . marvin sit silent , hold in he anger . Bob , swinging at occasional moth , sit next to siggy . bob get away . get away ! siggy Ring around the moon . rain come soon . bob ( edgy to siggy ) gee , be that true ? marvin it 's superstitious nonsense . Anna and fay exit the cottage carry trays of food . bob ( to fay and Anna ) that look scrumptious . Anna smile and hand the first plate of food to bob. marvin see this and cross he arm . he shoot a death stare at Anna . she defiantly shoot it right back . Bob see this exchange of look . bob do I do something ? fay no , Bob . it 's fine . eat up . leo. fay look at marvin and shake she head " no " . bob ( eat ) mmmm. mmmmm . this sure be good . mmmm. mmmmm . mmmmm . marvin would you please stop that ? bob oh. sorry , Leo . would you pass the salt ? marvin and do not call I Leo . bob I be sorry . you say in you office that I could call you Leo . marvin that be in my office . in my home you will call I Dr. marvin . marvin snap the salt down next to Bob . Bob look helplessly at fay . fay put a hand on Bob 's arm . fay ( low ) he 's nervous about the interview tomorrow . do not take it personally . bob ( to marvin ) hey , that 's right , I hear about you upcoming debut . congratulation . marvin nod and eat . Bob throw salt over he shoulder then salt he food . bob you book 's go to do a lot of people a lot of good , Le -- Dr. marvin . I be walk proof of that . marvin choke on the food he 's eat . siggy slap he dad on the back . marvin keep cough . siggy dad ? fay sweetheart ? marvin turn red and point to he throat . he fall to the deck on he side . Bob stand . bob do not panic ! I know what to do ! Bob hurry to marvin , lie beside he , and administer the heimlick maneuver . on the second try , marvin 's throat clear . marvin lie in Bob 's arm , cough . siggy dad , you okay ? anna daddy ?! fay honey ?! marvin say something . fay lean over he to hear . fay Leo , be you okay ? marvin I say ... , get he off I ! Bob let go of marvin . marvin cough and crawl away . siggy Bob , you save he ! anna incredible ! wonderful ! fay thank you ! fay help marvin get to he foot . suddenly , there be a flash of lightning . Bob jump . rain begin to fall . marvin look up . siggy told you so . int . the marvin house , night the rain outside be come down in bucket . marvin be in the live room , re-straightening the furniture and art ever so meticulously . he adjust a diploma over the mantle . Anna , fay , siggy and Bob be in the kitchen , do the dish . bob ( singing ) " I be sing in the rain , just sing in the rain , what a glorious feel , Bob throw he pack of kleenex into the trash . bob ( singing ) I be happy again ! Bob retrieve the pack of kleenex from the trash . bob ( singing ) " I walk though the kitchen with a bowl full of chicken ( put the chicken in the fridge ) I be sing , I be sing in the rain . " Anna and fay and siggy start a dance . marvin enter . marvin look , tomorrow morning be very important and I would like to call it a night . I do not want to be rude but I think it 's time for Bob to sing he way home . fay ( be : the rain ) honey , you do not expect Bob to walk back in this do you ? marvin do I say that ? I will drive he . anna the car 's still in town , daddy . marvin what ? anna you say to leave it , remember ? we walk home . marvin seethes then look darkly at Anna . marvin the rain 's bound to let up . Bob can go then . siggy what if it start up again while Bob 's on the way ? marvin ( nastily ) he can borrow my slicker . int . the marvin live room , late night marvin stand stare out the window like he would like to murder the rain that be still come down in torrent . Bob be on the couch , sit alone , wear marvin 's yellow slicker , look unwanted . Anna , siggy and fay sit quietly , watch marvin . Bob look at fay and shrug like he 's sorry . fay put a sympathetic hand on Bob 's . fay leo. marvin shsh . fay Leo ... marvin quiet . it 's let up . there be a crash of thunder that shake the rafter . marvin reach out and slowly scratch the window , create a tiny squeaking sound . fay walk to he . fay ( low ) Leo , we can not make the poor fellow sit here all night . let 's let he stay over . marvin stay over ? honey , Maria shriver 's come in the morning . Maria shriver ! you want some guy sleep on we couch when Maria shriver get here ? he almost laugh at the idea . fay there 's a extra bed in siggy 's room . Bob , would you like to spend the night ? bob well I ... do you have a dacron pillow ? siggy that 's a great idea ! marvin fay ! bob be you sure I be not impose ? marvin of course you be -- ! fay -- be not . Anna , find a extra set of sheet . siggy , get one of you father 's robe for Bob . fay shoot marvin a dirty look then exit the room with Anna . marvin claw the window make a bone chill squeak . int . siggy' room , night siggy 's room have twin bed arrange head to head against the corner . Bob , wear one of marvin 's robe , enter . siggy be hang up he clothes . siggy do you find a toothbrush ? bob yeah . ( belch and hit he chest ) Excuse I . siggy you care which bed ? bob I would prefer face southeast . int . marvine bedroom , same marvin enter in he pj' . fay be prepare for bed . marvin have you see my new toothbrush ? fay it should be in the bathroom . marvin well it should be but it 's not ! fay shoot marvin a dirty look then head towards the bathroom . fay just because you be nervous about tomorrow , Leo marvin , do not give you the right to get snippy . if you can not handle the pressure , postpone the interview . marvin fay , it 's not the interview -- I mean I be nervous about it -- but that 's not what 's bugging I . it 's ... he . fay him who ? Bob ? marvin no , siggy . yes , Bob ! who else ? fay Leo , quiet . he will hear you . marvin why should not he hear I ? do not you get it , he 's a sick person . a multiphobic mess ! he fake suicide ... fay be not that a cry for help ? marvin ... follow I up here from New York , worm he way into my house . for all I know , he 's a mass murderer ! fay oh come on , Leo , he 's a sweet guy . perfectly harmless . marvin you do not know that ! everything he 's do violate the patient- doctor relationship . now he 's in there with we son ! int . the siggy' bedroom , night Bob and siggy lie in siggy 's twin bed . outside , lightning flash . Bob chew he nail . siggy Bob ? bob yeah . siggy how come you go to dad ? be you really sick or just maladjust ? bob sick . you ever have a bee buzz you face that would not go away ? siggy sure . once or twice . bob when I be twelve , I have one buzz I for three week . lightn strike again . Bob bite he nail . he stand and pace a bit . he notice some book in siggy 's bookcase . bob whoa . you get some heavy stuff here . denial of death , fear and tremble , sickness unto death . siggy that be dad 's . bob he let you read this stuff ? siggy he hide they but I find they . Bob look in one , shudder , then put it back on the shelf . siggy Bob ? bob yeah ? siggy be you afraid of death ? bob sure . be you kid ? siggy what do you do about it ? I mean , how do you cope ? bob well ... the way I figure it , if it be not call " death " , it would not be so bad . I mean what if it be call " dink " ? siggy dink ? bob then it would be fine . we would say " grandma dink . " " the garbage man dink . " siggy my turtle just dink . bob exactly . then we would not worry anymore . siggy hey , you be right ! bob ' course we would still have to worry about Barrett 's esophagus and Black Water fever and tourette 's syndrome . siggy what 's tourette 's syndrome ? int . fay and marvine bedroom , night fay and Leo lie near sleep . suddenly , from the other room , come a loud barrage of profanity . siggy ( o.s. ) fart brain ! bob ( o.s. ) booger head ! siggy ( o.s. ) donkey dick ! fay and marvin spring out of bed . int . siggy' room , night Bob and siggy be jump up and down on they bed , spout profanity at each other . marvin and fay rush in . marvin what be go on in here ?! Bob and siggy jump under the cover . siggy sorry , dad . bob sorry . marvin I ask you a question ! siggy tourette 's dad . you know , dad . bob yeah , dad ... Leo ... Dr. marvin . marvin glare at bob. fay nudge marvin . fay it 's kid be kid , Leo . marvin I do not want to hear another peep out of this room . I be try to get some sleep around here ! tomorrow be the most important day of my career ! CBS be come here . Maria shriver be come here . million will be watch . and buy ! siggy I be sorry , dad . we will stop . bob we get carry away . we will not do it again . marvin stare at Bob . marvin I want you out by six thirty . understand . Maria shriver come at seven , I want you out by six thirty . bob sure . would you like something for sleep ? marvin what ? bob I have get valium if you need it . marvin I do not need valium . bob halcyon ? seconal ? marvin I need peace and quiet ! bob I will be quiet . siggy and I will be peace . Bob nudge siggy and they try to contain they laughter . marvin glare at they then storm out . fay come up and tuck they into they bed . bob it 's my fault , Mrs. M. , we should have be quieter . fay we just have to get he through Maria shriver . sleep tight . do not let the bed bug bite . bob bed bug ! fay it 's just a expression . bob oh right . ' night . she turn out the light and pull the door close . bob Mrs. m! fay open the door . bob would you mind leave it crack ? fay smile and leave the door crack . ext . long shot of lake winnipesaukee , early morning a clear storm , right after dawn . Three van from " CBS Morning " wind along the lake towards town . ext . the second story of the marvin house , same through the window we see siggy and Bob sound asleep in they bed . dolly across the clapboard to Leo and fay 's room where fay lie sound asleep and marvin lie look at he watch . it let out a series of beep and he stand and exit . dolly back to siggy 's room where marvin knock , loudly . marvin six o'clock , rise and shine ! siggy sit up . Bob do not stir . marvin enter , watch beep , and walk to Bob . he put the watch next to Bob 's ear . marvin rise and shine . six o'clock . rise and shine , rise and shine . Bob do not move . fay and Anna enter in robe . marvin Bob ... Bob ! he shake Bob 's bed . marvin bob ! Bob sleep through incredible shaking and yell from a desperate marvin then suddenly sit up with a start . bob ahhhh ! everybody leap back . int . the marvin household , early morning marvin be in the live room , dress in he stiffest casual from l.l. bean , nervously adjust he " set " . fay be in the kitchen , prepare food . momentarily , Bob come bound down the stair . bob ( more and more rapidly ) baby step down the stair . baby step down the stair ! he turn and see marvin . bob hello ! be this a beautiful day or what ? marvin walk to Bob . marvin ( gritt tooth ) leave . bob I have the most incredible dream last night , I -- marvin go. bob be this something you want I to work out on my own ? marvin now ! bob well . you have be right about everything so far . God , therapy be a fascinating process . ' bye Mrs. M. thank you for everything . ' bye Anna . see you later . anna ( o.s. ) ' bye Bob . see you later today , maybe . fay ( o.s. ) do not be a stranger . bob you know I . I will not . ( towards the upstairs ) so long , ass wipe of the universe ! siggy ( come to the railing upstairs ) ' bye dog pissing barf brain ! marvin siggy ! Bob ! Bob exit out the front door . bob ( o.s. ) later , fart smell douche bag ! ( beat ) Maria shriver 's here . marvin turn red in the face . he walk to the door . ext . int . the marvin house doorway , same maria shriver and she entourage - producer , director , video crew , etc . -- approach the door . maria shriver Dr. marvin , Maria shriver . marvin ( swallow nervously ) hello . maria I hope we be not too early . May we come in ? marvin step aside . the crew enter with equipment . marvin sure . I think by the fireplace ... crew member it 's a fireplace shot , fellow . int . the marvin summer house , same Bob walk to the side screen door , push he nose to it and watch . marvin see this and motion Bob away with he hand . Bob wave back . two man approach marvin . director I be the director , howie katrell . this be lenny burn , we producer . marvin shake they hand . Maria admire the house . maria this be even nicer than the picture . marvin thank you . maria be this you family ? marvin oh , sorry . this be my wife , er , fay . my daughter Anna , and my son ... marvin be so nervous , he 's forget siggy 's name . siggy I be siggy , dad . how 's Arnold ? can you get I he autograph ? marvin sigmund ... maria I think I can swing it . siggy really ? wow ! Maria look at Bob who be still stand in the screen door . maria hi. I be Maria . bob I be bob. he open the screen door and shake she hand . this do , marvin close the screen door on Bob . marvin Bob 's a patient . he be just -- maria wow . a baby stepper in action . neat idea . howie , Dr. marvin 's gonna have a patient on with he . howie Fine . let 's can the fireplace shot and -- marvin now wait just a minute ! howie that 's okay . we can still use the fireplace . phil , what say we set up over there and ... Bob open the screen door and walk back in . marvin see this and can not believe it . marvin Ms. shriver , -- maria you know the more I think about this , Doctor , the more I love it . I mean who better to testify to the effectiveness of you book than one of you patient . I think it 's a two parter , lenny . lenny I do to . great idea , Dr. marvin . terrific . he slap a disbely marvin on the back . int . the marvin live room , morning the room be bright light for tv and the crew be make last minute adjustment . marvin and Bob sit on the couch , both nervous wreck , Bob clutching he copy of baby step and a air sickness bag , marvin clutching a copy of he book . marvin 's diploma and art be display prominently on the " set " . the proud family look on . fay lean in with a lint roller , roll marvin 's shirt , kiss he , and back out . howie live feed in ten . fay knock they dead , honey . lenny howie , I do not like that there . a crew person rush up and take down marvin 's diploma . howie five -- four -- three -- bob can I use the bathroom ? howie point at Maria . maria ( to tv camera ) good Morning . we be live in the beautiful Lake winnipesaukee summer home of Dr. Leo M. marvin , author of the newest sensation in therapy , baby step . also with we be Dr. marvin 's patient , Bob wiley . good morning , Dr. marvin . Bob . bob and marvin ( simultaneously ) good morning . marvin shoot Bob a dirty look . Bob smile innocently . suddenly Bob take out he air sickness bag and hold it out as if to throw up in it . after a long beat , Bob put it back . bob false alarm . sorry . Bob smile . marvin turn bett red . maria Dr. marvin , it take a remarkable amount of confidence in you method to bring on a patient with you . what in particular about Bob 's prior condition would you like to share with we ? marvin look at Bob . a tiny , sadistic smile come across he face . there be a million thing he would like to say about Bob -- to humiliate he , punish he , discredit he , ridicule he , vilify he , pillory he -- on national tv . marvin nothing . maria nothing ? nothing in particular you think we should know ? marvin no . maria hum ... well ... ( pause ) let I try you , Bob . she smile at Bob . Bob take out he air sickness bag again . he hold it for a long time then put it away . he smile . bob okay . maria have you be a patient of Dr. marvin 's for a long time ? bob Long time ? I would not call it a long time . ( look at marvin ) what ? Three or four day ? maria day ?! int . a dingy room in a downtown urban sprawl , same carswell fensterwald sit watch marvin and Bob on tv . marvin be a bumbling wreck , try to save this one . marvin ( on tv ) well ... you see ... I be ... , he be ... I be ... , follow he case through ... , another psychiatrist ... he think I be , er , the perfect doctor for the case . because of my book . maria ( on tv ) ah. bob why you sly dog , he be right ! I want to say that if more wisdom , or more empathy , or more pure intelligence exist than exit in this man , I want to know about it . do you know that he actually have I sleep here last night ? in he jamy , use he toothbrush ! maria ( on tv ) that 's a very unusual technique . fensterwald pound he chair and howl with glee . back to marvine house live room , same marvin well -- bob I will say and I have be to they all . doctor who make you beat pillow . he demonstrate by beat a couch pillow . bob doctor who make you scream . Bob suddenly scream . marvin jump . bob but this doctor have something simple . baby step . Bob hold up baby step then stand and walk back and forth in front of marvin . he hold the book so that it can be see by the tv camera . bob baby step across the room . baby step across the room ... he lean and look into the tv camera . bob be you get the book ? Bob plop back on the couch . bob let I tell you what I use to be like before I meet Dr M. Bob put he arm around marvin . bob eleven year ago I be not the man you see today . eleven year ago ... dissolve to : ext . the marvin house , morning the CBS van be load up . Maria , lenny and howie stand at the door say good - by . marvin hover in the background , in shock . maria Bob , that stuff about yourself be refreshingly honest . could we talk to you again in a few month to update you progress ? bob sure . as long as my doctor give permission . marvin try to force a smile but can not . a CBS staff photographer come over , place Bob and Maria in he frame and snap a picture . the CBS people head off . maria thank you for you hospitality , Mrs. marvin . fay anytime ! Maria and CBS leave . int . the marvin house live room , same the family and Bob move back into the house . look like a zombie , Leo close the door . he stand still for a long moment . marvin I be ... ruin ! fay ruine ? marvin my career ... everything I have work for ... , over ! marvin amble across the room like a cripple . the family watch in shock . anna but daddy ... suddenly marvin turn on bob. marvin get out . bob be it something , I say ? marvin move at Bob , back he towards the front door . marvin get out !! see marvin 's rage , Bob back out and marvin close the door . after a moment there 's a knock . marvin open it . bob be this aversion therapy ? marvin go away now ! bob okay . marvin slam the door again . the family be stunne . fay my god , Leo , what 's get into you ? siggy dad , you be over reacting . what about Bob ? ext . the cris craft boat , day the doctor and they wife sit rapt , listen to Doctor 3 . wife yeah , what about Bob ? another doctor what about Bob ? int . the marvin house live room , day marvin what about bob ?! siggy dad ... anna daddy , look at you behavior . what be you do ? marvin what be I do ? what be I do ?! he stride across the room . he find he electronic organizer , open it , and push button . marvin Wednesday ... afternoon ... he hold out the organizer for family to see the readout . marvin I be go sailing ! omitted sequence omit from original script . ext . the country road , day Bob walk down the road , upset , talk to himself . bob the fam be hurt . I have hurt they . I do not mean to . certainly they realize that . I have hurt the fam . hurt the fam . I have hurt the fam . the marvin station wagon , marvin drive , pass . Bob see fay , siggy , and Anna turn and wave . bob hi fam ! ( pause ) bye fam ! the car speed on . bob I hurt the fam . ext . the winnipesaukee pier , day marvin 's family climb aboard a small sailboat . marvin pull a line onto the deck , then the boat glide out into the lake . ext . winnipesaukee town , filled with vacationer , same Bob wander , look lose , mumble . bob I could apologize . but then I would have to go back and I be not sure they want I . I hurt the fam . that much I know . hurt the fam . vendor ( o.s. ) hot dog , bub ? Bob look idly up . a vendor with a cart be talk to Bob . bob ( distract ) sure . the vendor hand Bob a hot dog . Bob hand he money then wander off . new angle , a busy GREEN beside the pier , day families of tourist stroll . Bob stand stare dejectedly out at the lake . unthinkingly , he take a bite of the hot dog then turn . bob this have to be some kind of test . I know I hurt they but they have to know I do not mean it . if it 's a test ... I eat a hot dog . Bob stare at the hot dog like it just speak Greek . bob I eat a hot dog ! the tourist turn and stare . ext . lake winnipesaukee , same marvin stand at the helm , sailing the small sailboat across lake . the breeze blow marvin 's hair , make he look wild . Anna sun . siggy cast a fishing line . fay stare into nowhere . marvin I mean it 's summer time right , what could they audience be , five million ? most of they hardly pay attention anyway , right ? the point be , the book get on . it could not hurt sale , that much could it ? fay of course not . marvin I mean ... it 's a disaster , fay ! fay honey ... anna hey , look . be not that Bob ? off the bow , a small motorboat be approach . angle on the motorboat , same Bob be steering a small motorboat towards the sailboat . he hold half of he hot dog out like a trophy . bob Dr. m! Dr. M. , I have have a breakthrough ! I eat a hot dog ! I be drive a boat ! thanks to you ! angle in the sailboat anna it be Bob ! it 's Bob ! marvin oh no . siggy hey , Bob ! Anna and siggy wave . marvin 's eye narrow . Bob keep shouting as he motor closer . bob I be really make progress now ! I feel like a whole new world be open up ! he keep get closer . bob my childhood memory be rush over I like a flood ! marvin turn the rudder and come about . marvin come about ! he turn the sailboat and head the opposite direction from Bob . anna daddy , what be you do ? marvin ( at Bob 's boat ) go away ! bob what ? anna daddy , he 's try to talk to you . siggy dad ... marvin keep sailing away . but Bob 's boat be faster and it 's gain . marvin see this , jerk the rudder again , and turn ninety degree . he stand and shout at Bob . marvin go away , do you hear I !! fay Leo , the boom ! the boom hit marvin square in the chest , and knock he overboard . anna , fay , siggy daddy ! Leo ! dad ! ext . the water , lake level , same marvin bob in the water . the pilotless sailboat heel away . Bob dive in , swim to marvin , and grab he by the chin in a traditional life - saver hold . as siggy gain control of the sailboat , Bob begin do the side stroke towards the distant shore with marvin in tow . bob I never have a father , really . dad leave one morning and never come back . my earliest memory be mom with a suitcase . do you think that 's significant ? marvin be a prisoner in tow . he drag himself under water . Bob pull he up and keep swim . bob I would like to do some free association about my infancy : a beachball . a dog . a frog . a log . poodle , noodle , doodle ... as Bob swim marvin towards the shore , go on and on with this inane free association ... dissolve to : ext . the marvin house , afternoon marvin , dry and dress now , exit the house and get in the station wagon . he honk . momentarily Bob run out . bob ( at the house ) will do ! Bob get in the car . affectless , marvin stare at he . bob wherever we be go , fay want we home by seven . marvin no problem . marvin accelerate away , rudely . ext . / int . the marvin station wagon , day rain be fall . the wiper swish . marvin drive through pastoral New Hampshire countryside focus , perhaps too intently , on the road . Bob sit beside he . bob it 's a combustible relationship , be not it ? be it just you and I or be it you and everybody ? ( pause ) so what 's the big surprise ? marvin intensive psychotherapy . bob really ?! marvin be not that what you come here for ? bob yeah ! but what bring this on now ? marvin you be ready . bob wow . this be exciting . ext . the tomsky convalescent home , day the rain have let up . marvin pull up to a gated estate sport expansive grounds and a hotel size main building . marvin stop at a guard gate . marvin Leo marvin to see Dr. tomsky . the gate guard check a list . he wave marvin through . gate guard Main building doctor . they be expect you . bob where be we ? marvin therapy land , Bob . a twentieth century theme park of the mind . they drive . marvin the line look short today . ext . the tomsky convalescent home , same marvin get out and so do Bob . a man Leo 's age , dr . tomsky , approach . dr . tomsky hello , Leo . Long time no see ! be this we friend ? marvin Bob wiley , this be you new pal , Dr. tomsky . bob New pal ? what 's wrong with my old pal ? tomsky make a motion of he head . two big attendant move to either side of Bob . big attendant 1 let we show you to you room . they lead Bob off . bob hey ! do not touch I ! I have seizure ! Dr. m! Dr. m!! they take Bob into a building . marvin turn to tomsky . marvin I really appreciate you help I out on this , Kenneth . tomsky hold out a form for marvin to sign . he do . tomsky I can only hold he for twenty four hour , Leo . without staff corroboration . marvin I be not worried in the least , Kenneth . I be sure you entire staff will corroborate . with intensive treatment he should be out in about -- fifty year . marvin hand the clipboard back to tomsky . they shake . ext . the marvin house driveway , late afternoon the marvin station wagon pull into the driveway , radio be blast , play a tape of Neil diamond . marvin exit it , dance as he sing along . marvin and tape " I will be what I be , solitary man . solitary man ! " int . the marvin summer house , same marvin enter sing . siggy and Anna see he . anna dad , you okay ? marvin ( to " Oklahoma " ) " okay , Anna mae , Leo marvin 's okay Leo marvin , he 's okay ! " siggy where 's Bob ? anna yeah , dad , where 's Bob ? marvin can not a man enjoy himself on vacation ? anna dad -- ? marvin Bob send he regret but he have to take a trip . anna what kind of trip ? I think you be work with he . marvin I be . anna then why would he go on a trip ? marvin why do a man climb a mountain , Anna ? because it 's there . marvin turn up the music and dance . Anna and siggy stand stunne . anna he do not even say good - bye ? siggy he just leave ? anna it 's not like Bob not to say good - bye . marvin that 's why he leave , you see . he just be not himself . ( pause ) he will write . anna dad , if you do something to Bob ... marvin Anna , what do you take I for ? ( pause ) everything 's fine . marvin , look perfectly content , turn off the music , go to he chair , pick up Freud 's understand dream , the book he 's be try to read since he arrive here . siggy and Anna stare at he suspiciously . fay enter carry the cordless phone . fay Leo , a Dr. tomsky say it 's urgent . marvin take the phone and walk into the kitchen . Anna and siggy look even more suspicious . momentarily Leo stride out of the kitchen and walk out the front door . fay Leo , where be you go ? marvin out . fay just like that ? ( pause ) be home by seven , okay ? marvin do not answer because he 's go . anna something 's rotten in winnipesaukee . ext . the tomsky convalescent home , late afternoon marvin 's car screech up . marvin hurry out . int . the tomsky convalescent home , same Bob sit around a table with tomsky and several member of the staff who be laugh . bob wait , I have another one . who know the difference between Freud and mose ? he see blank , expectant face , wait for a punchline . bob well if you do not know , I be go to another clinic ! all laugh . tomsky see marvin enter and stand . tomsky Excuse I . bob so a psychiatrist and a psychologist go into a bar and order bloody mary ... int . the tomsky convalescent home hallway , same tomsky join marvin in the hall . in the other room we see Bob continue to joke with the staff . marvin Kenneth , you have be dupe by a textbook narcissist . a brilliant neuropath ! tomsky brilliant enough to dupe my entire staff ? I doubt that . tomsky stuff a paper into marvin 's shirt pocket . tomsky I be give you back he admit form , Leo , to save you any embarrassment . marvin embarrassment ?! tomsky it 's perfectly natural for a patient to bond with he analyst . it 's a normal part of therapy . if you want to be rid of he , simply take he back where you get he and go home . marvin that 's easy for you to say ! he 's human crazy glue ! if it be that simple do you think I would be here ? tomsky you should have never let he sleep in you pajamas , Leo . his problem do not go away just because you want they too . marvin whose side be you on ?! tomsky relax , leo. marvin I be relaxed ! tomsky take a vacation . marvin I be on vacation !! tomsky be you sure ? maybe you should check in here for a few day and get a handle on thing ? marvin look at tomsky , amaze at the implication of this statement . ext . the countryside of new england , day marvin drive . Bob ride . marvin look ready to explode . bob intensive psychotherapy ? -- boy , you be not kid , be you ? I mean even Dr. T. do not think I need that . ( pause ) look I have a idea -- how be you afternoon ? I mean since we be here together with nothing else to do , what say we work from two to four , something like that ? ext . the country road , same the marvinmobile screech to a halt and marvin jump out . he rush around the car and open Bob 's door . marvin get out ! get out of my car , get out of my life , do not ever come back ! marvin drag Bob out of the car and slam the door . bob be you say you would prefer morning ? marvin get back in and floor it . he speed off . bob what be this , isolation therapy ? Bob stand alone on the road . bob you be the doctor . bird chirp and cricket crick . a pick - up truck pass and Bob stick out he thumb . the pick - up stop . int . marvin be car , same marvin be about to bust a vessel . telephone pole shoot by like picket on a fence . behind he a siren wail . in he rear-view mirror , marvin see a motorcycle cop approach . marvin no ! you will not catch I !! no ! ext . the side of the road , another spot , later the motorcycle cop be write a steaming Leo marvin a ticket . a pass pick - up slow and Bob lean out the passenger window . bob need any help ? marvin no ! bob remember : be home by seven . the pick - up drive on . the motorcycle cop hand marvin a ticket . marvin get back into he car , throw it in gear , and the car jerk backwards into the guardrail . marvin shit ! marvin throw it into forward . the car , fender dent , tear away . ext . the porch of a country house , late afternoon sitting on the porch of he house , a old man watch as marvin 's car slow to a stop out in the road . the tire under the dent fender be tear to ribbon by the metal and the car be now riding on the rim . marvin stop , get out of the car , and look at the tire . marvin first he ruin my life , now he ruin my tire ! cursing to himself , marvin walk to the trunk and remove a jack . marvin God ! damn ! Son of a bitching ! Bob ! a woman come out of the house and join the old man . they watch in silence as marvin jack up he car . as he twist and grimace and kick to get off the lug nut , it start to rain . marvin shit piss crap ! Son of a bitching douche bag asshole ! three more people come out on the porch and watch . as marvin struggle , the car slip off the jack and slam to the pavement . marvin begin kick the tire and hit it with the jack . marvin what about Bob ?! think about Bob ! what about Bob ? what about Bob ? what about bob !! ext . the marvin house , dusk mumbling to himself , soaking wet , and filthy with tire grime , marvin walk to he house . he kick open the front door . marvin I be home ! int . the marvin house , dusk . marvin be p.o.v. light go on . thirty people stand around the room with party favor and drink . in unison they yell : party guest surprise ! ( then sing : ) " happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you ! happy birthd ... the sing taper into silence . flabbergasted by marvin 's dishevel appearance , the party guest stare . fay and the kid approach , tentatively . siggy dad , what happen ? marvin nothing . fay Leo , look at yourself ! marvin just a little car trouble , hon . I be fine . fay be speechless . so be siggy and Anna . not want to let thing sink , party - hardy well - wisher approach Leo . party guest 1 happy birthday , Leo . party guest 2 some night to have car trouble . you almost miss you own surprise party ! bob ( o.s. ) happy birthday , Dr. m! marvin turn and stare at Bob . bob I could not miss you birthday ! marvin suddenly leap at Bob and grab he by the throat . he push he through three room of the house , choke he . marvin I want you dead ! Dead , you hear I , dead ! marvin fall on the floor on top of bob. guest go to pull he off . int . the marvin bedroom , night marvin lie in bed in the darken room . he can hear the party guest huddle outside in the hall , whisper . a guest whom we recognize as the Doctor 3 from the boat , ( the man who be tell this story ) , enter carry he doctor 's bag . he approach fay who be wring she hand . both speak in whisper loud enough for marvin to decipher . fay I have never see he like this , phil . he 's get this delusion about Bob wiley be the cause of all he problem and I do not know what to do . phil he 's under a lot of stress , fay . his book , he interview which frankly do not go so well , he birthday . that 's a lot to bite off all at once . I will give he a sedative and he will be fine . fay you really think so ? phil put a hand on fay 's hand and nod . int . the marvin live room , night Bob sit on the couch beside siggy . Anna approach . anna you feel better ? bob I be fine . it 's you dad I be worried about . how be he ? anna upstair . resting . I can not understand why he would attack you like that . Anna sit next to bob. Bob see George Stark , stand across the room , smile at Anna . bob I can not either . but one thing I have learn about psychiatrist : they be brilliant manipulator . I trust you dad completely . I be sure everything he 's do have be to help I . ( pause ) how come you be not make a move on George Stark ? anna ( glance at George ) Bob , we have talk about this . bob no , you have talk about it and I have listen . in my opinion , George Stark 's smile be not oedipal regression and it 's not confuse libido . it 's one good look guy drool over you , Anna marvin . anna Bob ... bob go ask if you can put you tongue in he mouth . I hear it work every time . Anna smile then summon she courage , and smilingly approach George . he be clearly delighted . a woman walk up to Bob . woman ( lily ) hi. fay say to introduce myself . I be lily , Leo 's neurotic sister . we see lily marvin be picture in Leo 's office . Bob stand , delighted . bob a pleasure . I be neurotic too . lily really , what a coincidence . be I disturbing you ? bob only in a good way . sit down . she do . bob it must be nice have a analyst in the family . lily I do not know , ask Leo . I be a analyst too . bob you be kid ?! omitted sequence omit from original script . int . marvine darkened bedroom , night phil empty a large syringe into marvin 's buttock . he swat marvin 's behind and marvin pull up he pj' . phil that should give you some interesting idea for you next book . you might even wake up feel happy . marvin I doubt it . phil , do you remember a classmate name fensterwald ? phil carswell fensterwald ? sure . who could forget ? marvin I have forget and I do not know why . do anything unusual happen with he ? phil you be joke . marvin do I act like a man who 's joke ?! phil relax , Leo . I just can not believe you would block something like that out . carswell be at Harvard with we . you turn he in for cheating . marvin what ...? phil do not you remember ? you bring action against he for steal you psychoanalysis note and they boot he . the only place that would take he after that be University of guadalajara . marvin try to speak but nothing come out of he mouth . tomsky watch with concern . tomksy Leo , be there something about carswell that 's disturbing you ? Leo ...? marvin thanks , phil . enjoy the party . phil linger then leave , close the door . marvin begin shaking all over . as he do the bed rattles rapidly against the wall . Leo 's lose it . he 's no longer the same sane man . in the darkness we hear : marvin baby step , make a plan . int . marvine bedroom , the middle of the night fay sleep soundly next to marvin who be wide eye , stare at the ceiling , twitching . marvin pull himself carefully out of bed and crawl on the floor to the door . ext . the marvin house , same marvin , carry he shoe , crawl outside . he try to put he shoe on and fall flat on he face . he then pull himself up and hobble away . ext . the winnipesaukee general store , morning this be where the marvin family be shopping when Bob first come to town . marvin pace outside until the owner open the front door for business . int . the general store , morning marvin wander through the hardware section , look around . fred , the owner , work behind the counter . fred can I help you , doctor ? marvin I want to buy a gun . fred okay . Fred walk to a case . fred I have get Winchester . colt . what do you plan on hunt ? marvin er. a animal . this tall . hundre and seventy pound . bermuda short . fred take a look at this baby . it will shoot through anything but it also leave a clean wound . he hand marvin a rifle . marvin examine it . fred you wife be in with that Bob fellow . sure be a nice guy . marvin ( hand back the rifle ) what do you have that leave a messy wound ? angle on the cash register area Fred be ringing up marvin 's purchase : two rifle and a box of shell . fred I will need you driver 's license , social security number , and you can pick they up on Friday ... ( check a calendar ) the 18th . marvin the eighteenth ? fred there 's a two week wait period in this state . marvin I can not wait two week ! I need this now ! he grab the rifle . Fred keep a firm grip on they . fred Dr. marvin , it 's the law . Fred win the tug-of - war . marvin stare at he . marvin what about explosive ? any wait period there ? ext . bob' cottage , morning marvin , carry a bag and sing to himself , walk up to the cottage . he look around then kick open the door . int . bob' cottage , morning the place look completely anonymous except for gil in a bowl and Bob 's bag of clothes . marvin sit on the floor , fill a pair of milk carton with gray powder . marvin ( sing ) " Bob fall in to a Burning ring of fire . he go down down down and the flame go higher . and it burn burn burn , that ring of fire . the ring of fire . " marvin remove a wire mechanism from the bag and a timer . he delicately push the wire into the milk carton then carefully tie on some fuse wire . he put the milk carton and wire mechanism into a backpack and put it under Bob 's bed . he begin lay the fuse wire along the floor towards the door . marvin pass gil , sit on a table . marvin pick up the bowl and put it under the bed next to the bomb . he then go back to lay the wire into the kitchenette . ext . bob' cottage , same marvin lay the fuse wire across room and out the door . he close the door and start to set the timer when he spot a note hang on the nearby mailbox : marvin ( read aloud ) " dear Mr. and Mrs. G. , if I be not here , I be at the marvin . would you feed gil ? thanks . bob. p.s. you denture adhesive arrive so I put they in you mailbox . enjoy . Bob . " marvin seethes . he think a moment then head back into the cottage . momentarily he return carry the back pack and the long wire fuse . int . the marvin house , day Bob , Anna and siggy sit around watch fay on the phone . fay well if you hear from he , donna , please call ... thanks . she hang up . fay nobody 's see he . she stand and get she purse off the table . fay I be go look for he . anna I too . siggy I too . bob I too . anna should not somebody stay here in case he come back ? siggy I will stay . bob I will stay . fay we will leave he a note . she pause then stop in front of Bob . fay Bob , I be not defend Leo 's recent behavior in any way , so please do not take this personally . however irrational the reason , Leo be so upset with you that I think it would be best if you be not around when he come back . bob really ? siggy yeah , mom . why ? fay because I say so , siggy . ( to Bob ) please do not think it 's the way I want it . it 's just that Leo 's not himself . siggy it 's not Bob 's fault . bob listen to you mom , siggy . all of you get out of here , okay ? I will straighten up before I go and when Dr. M. come home , everything will be exactly the way he like it . fay Bob you be such a dear . take good care , all right ? fay hug Bob . so do Anna . bob you give George a chance okay ? Anna nod . Bob turn to siggy who be upset . Bob hold out he hand . bob give I leather , ass wiping bastard head . siggy swat Bob 's hand . siggy Green puke piss -ant . the family and Bob exchange pregnant good - bye look , then fay and siggy and Anna exit . bob bye , fam . new angle , out the live room window , same Bob watch as the marvin family walk away . they wave . Bob wave back , sadly . he shuffles across the room . he stop at the puppet on the mantle . bob I guess this be good - bye , fam . Bob shuffles to marvin 's chair . he stare at the book marvin have be try to read , Freud 's understand dream then casually open it . he read for a moment , get interested in it and sit down . he sit back in marvin 's chair , read . dissolve to : int . the marvin house , later Bob be asleep in marvin 's chair , Freud 's understand dream open on he chest . suddenly marvin 's face pop up at the window . he look in , see Bob , then duck back down . momentarily , the front door to the cottage be kick open and there stand a seethe marvin . marvin get up and do not make a sound ! bob Dr. m.! everybody 's look for you . marvin brandish the back pack . marvin I say shut up ! bob okay . you be the doc . ext . the marvin house , same marvin , carry the back pack , lead Bob outside . Bob look relaxed . bob where we go hike ? marvin into the wood . bob be this be a new form of therapy ? marvin yeah , Bob , it 's death therapy . it 's a guarantee cure . bob death therapy . I like it . marvin lead Bob into the wood beside the cottage . ext . the wood near the house , same Bob sit on a stump . marvin put the back pack on Bob 's shoulder then start tie he hand behind he . Bob sit passively , let he . bob this be pretty imaginative , Dr. M. will this be in you new book ? marvin if it be , I will dedicate it to you , how 's that ? bob great . ow . that hurt . ow . marvin keep tie Bob 's hand . bob what be this now , pain therapy ? marvin exactly . now yell and scream and suffer ! bob ow ! ahh ! ow ! that really hurt . marvin set the timer then walk away . marvin say hello to Freud for I . marvin walk out of the wood . bob Dr. m , this hurt ! marvin ( o.s. ) Love hurt . int . the marvin house live room , same marvin enter , look happy . he go to the stereo , put on Neil diamond 's " penny arcade " and crank it up loud , then go to the window and open it . marvin ( yell to the wood ) Music to die by , Bob ! marvin do a little dance and talk to himself . marvin I guess it be suicide , fay . he try it once , remember . just go to show , you never can tell . ext . the wood , same Bob sit try to get comfortable . bob I be worried about get gangrene , Dr. m! I think I get the point ! he struggle some more . bob ( to himself ) at least I think I get the point . ( pause ) maybe I be not suppose to sit here . ( pause ) maybe I be suppose to undo this outer knot ... he begin struggle to untie himself . bob so that my inner knot ... , this strong ... , restricting ... , inner knot ... he get a hand free . bob will come undone too . both hand free , Bob stand . bob yes ! int . the marvin house live room , same marvin be still dance around , look at he watch . he hold up five , four , three , two , one finger then prepare for a explosion . instead Bob open the door . marvin ahh ! still wear the back pack , Bob walk into the room . bob death therapy cure I ! marvin run across the room away from Bob . marvin no ! bob yes ! I use to be so afraid of everything , it be like die a thousand death a day . now , that you show I I have only one death to be afraid of , I be not afraid of anything anymore ! marvin noooo ! marvin run out the back door of the house . Bob stand there watch he . bob do not be so modest ! ext . the marvin dock , day marvin run out to the dock and try to start the little motor boat that sit there . Bob stop at the back door of the house , casually toss the back pack onto a chair , then follow marvin . bob Dr. m.? Bob walk out onto the dock . marvin be work frantically to start the motorboat . bob Dr. M. , I be really cure ! the house explode . debris rain down on Bob and marvin . after it settles , the bust of Freud land on the dock in front of they . bob do somebody leave the gas on ? marvin why will not you go away ! I disgrace myself on national television ! no one will buy my book ! my family 's go to hate I ! bob Dr. M. , you family love you . marvin i'm finished ! marvin be about to attack Bob then stand limp , a beat man . what 's leave of the house be now burn . the guttman have run out of they trailer . the guttman burn . burn ! burn !! in the distance , siren approach . bob Dr. M. you have the crown jewel of England all around you . you have a wife with a generous heart . you have great kid and a incredible sister . marvin stay away from my sister ! bob Dr. m , you have a fam ! marvin stare at Bob then take a small can of gas from the old motorboat and pour gas on himself . the siren get closer . bob you know , I be beginning to think you be a ingrate . marvin what ?! bob people be miserable all over the world and you be kill yourself ? you should be ashamed . marvin do not talk that way to I ! bob maybe I be wrong about you . marvin do you hear I ?! bob maybe you be not so good after all . marvin leap on Bob . marvin I will kill you ! marvin attack Bob on the dock . Fire truck arrive . fay and the family drive up too . as a couple of firemen and the family rush to separate marvin and Bob ... long dissolve to : ext . doctor ' house boat , sunset the doctor and they wife sit around phil , stunne . off they bow be the slab that be once the marvin house . phil and they take he away . doctor 1 my god , it be insanity . Bob drive marvin to complete insanity ! wife what happen ? phil Leo be take to the tomsky Institute for a few day for observation . he lose he medical license , of course . a doctor can not try to kill one of he patient and expect to get away with it . wife well thank god for that . ( the other doctor stare dagger at she ) I mean ... , you know ... I mean ... ( pause ) then what happen ? phil Leo be return to he family . ext . the tomsky convalescent home , day Leo stand , small suitcase in hand , look sad and fragile . fay , Anna , siggy , lily and Bob get out of the station wagon and look at he . no one say a word , then Bob go up and put he arm around Leo . Leo stand motionless , shell shocked . phil ( o.s. ) Bob and the family rent a lakeside cottage where they could help Leo recuperate . ext . the lawn of a lakeside cottage , day gil 's bowl sit on a lawn table . in addition to gil , the bowl now contain several baby guppy . marvin lie on a deck chair , cover with a blanket , stare into nowhere . Bob be next to he , talk on a cordless phone . bob ( into phone ) I understand . sure . he hang up and put the phone down . bob ( to Leo ) tough business . Bob make some note in he organizer then get up . he grab hold of both of Leo 's shoulder . bob ( reassuringly ) I be go over here . I will be right over here . Leo do not look at he . a zombie would seem more alive . Bob go and join the volleyball game . bob ( o.s. ) okay , I be with siggy . marvin sit stare into nowhere . the phone ring . again . marvin ( almost inaudible ) phone . the volleyball game continue . marvin ( a touch louder ) phone . after another ring , he reach for it . marvin ( into phone ) ( listlessly affectless ) hello . voice on phone May I speak to Bob , please ? marvin ( still stare into nowhere ) Bob 's ... unavailable right now . can ... I take a message ? voice on phone I be Mr. jameson with the Tucson school district . Bob contact we about buy some toothbrush but we be go to have to cancel the order . marvin ( write ) Tucson cancel order ... any message why ? jameson ( on phone ) it 's not a priority right now . marvin ( write ) not priority ... right now . ( pause ) why ? jameson ( on phone ) well ... money 's tight and ... marvin sure. ( pause ) though , you know there be another way to look at it . jameson ( on phone ) what 's that ? marvin well ... if you give a new toothbrush and teach dental hygiene to every student at you school ... in the long run you would save they thousand of dollar . I mean look at the cost of dental bill . I bet I could have put my kid through college with what I have spend on filling . jameson that 's a interesting point . marvin it be , be not it ? ( pause ) maybe you should try the toothbrush . you might do a lot for education by save tooth . jameson huh . I never think of that . ( pause ) I tell you what . tell Bob we will take the order and see how it go . marvin great . marvin hang up the phone . he affectless expression suddenly turn to one full of think . marvin fay . marvin sit up , gain energy , even enthusiasm . marvin fay ! the marvin family hurry over . phil ( v.o. ) Leo marvin now make toothbrush . Bob put he arm around Leo as he gesture and talk more and more animatedly to he delighted family . phil ( v.o. ) the irony , of course , be that Bob bring the family closer than they would ever be before . harvey Green see Leo last month and say he never look happier . ext . the doctor' house boat the doctor be stunne . feinberg my god . the poor bastard . another doctor and you think you have nightmare . feinberg unbelievable ... wife what happen to Bob ? the other jump in : " yeah , what about Bob ? what about Bob ? what about Bob ? " phil Bob marry lily and have triplet . he go back to school , get a degree in marriage - family - counseling , and now have a big practice on Park and 75th . int . bob wiley' manhattan office , day Bob sit in the shrink 's chair . sitting in three chair in front of he be a father , mother , and son . son douche bag . mother bastard head ! father Son of a bitch ! bob ( gently to the father ) try ass wipe of the universe . father ass wipe of the universe ! the family look at each other . tear well . they hug . bob excellent . ext . the doctor on the boat the doctor look at each other in astonishment . doctor 2 ( v.o. ) wait a minute . you be not tell I that Bob wiley be Dr. Robert S. wiley , the psychologist ?! phil that 's exactly what I be tell you . a big house boat go by . phil yell to it . phil hey Bob ! hello , bob !! angle on the big houseboat Bob be surround by lily marvin , three toddler and lot of friend . smiling , Bob wave at the doctor . feinberg ( v.o. ) wrote that huge best seller ? what 's it call ? Bob 's boat turn . on it 's stern , in huge letter be it 's name : " vacation therapy " . feinberg ( v.o. ) vacation therapy ! phil ( v.o. ) exactly . sold 2 million copy . angle on the doctor boat who be dark green with envy . doctor 2 I do not believe it ! doctor 1 pinch I ! feinberg I will never take another vacation as long as I live ! angle on bob' houseboat as the other doctor second in agreement , we see Bob 's hugely happy houseboat motor off . we see Bob 's big smile as he pass out kleenex to he family then wave good - bye to the doctor . roll end credit . the end